Dr. Antonia Novello "to the new generation of Latinos- get educated and be healthy."
miss u more girlie :-)
I feel all different today :l I dunno why.
The green leaf / is finally falling / to find new life in the ground’s warmth
Philip Phillips is killing on #idol right now!
Many groups affiliated with education have posted interesting information lately - worth a look if you don't already follow!
Thanks for the follow, Bailee! Check out my facebook music page if you have time! Hope you like it <3
RT Love Ron Paul) - has some loony ideas, but never afraid to be a wet blanket to redmeat nonsense the mouthbreathers clap at.
for those who dont really know me....take heed to my music!!
by when do you need it?? (: Or is it too late?!):
"Everybody wanna be famous, don't nobody wanna put the work in."
Anthony Davis really needs to get rid of that unibrow
Finished Mass Effect 3. ... yup. :|
How's everyone today ? :)
Many thanks, Jay. I'm a huge fan of service teams; they are the heroes IMO.
Honestly there are no words to describe how AMAZING you are(: Im speech less! You have come so far in such a short time! GREAT
#Cooking in a big kitchen is such luxury (for city-dwellers, esp.). There was no need for kitchen-stampede:-))
I just want to go home..
just signed up for a flash mob this coming May 24th :-)
on a quote roll ""Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far they can go." T.S. Elliot
yes! R u working 2day?
stupid iPhone! Lol. Go hard not hat. Hahaha
yeah, me too. Glad to see they've made the digital conversion
Curious where the term "Boxing Day" came from? #Albuquerque #NM Second Christmas Day.
you going to #aam2012?
Amazing Party Last Night at What a way to close out World Famous Wednesdays and bring in the Thursday Night Parties!
Hi Diane! Just to show support here! I just got a "fake" tweet from your account. Hope you can solve this quickly. Good Luck!! All the best!
Lets C, peanut butter fudge or choc fudge 4 Easter? Decisions, decisions. Wonder what the other member of household wants me 2make??
I can't believe how many stations are on here. Listening to (NY) from Portland, OR. Technology is dope!
Yep, let's do it! Can't wait to see you all! RT : Good morning ABS12 attendees & exhibitors! Let's get this party started!
2 more runners stranded for #UVA in the 5th. Yellow Jackets hold 2-0 lead.
I want to meet someone who's surprised Avengers 2 got greenlit and ask them what their life is like.
#HUMBLEBRAG:“: I hate when I'm about to hug someone really sexy, and my face hits the mirror.”
all I'm saying is don't expect a text back from me if all you send me is one word or "hahaha". -__-
Boring uniforms! Expecting better.
A5. Not all airlines. Not all banks. Hard to generalize. Utilities, trend =stronger. I dunno about Gov. IRS has impressed me.
@ WEEKEND IT'S GOIN DOWN@@
...but I woud've came back to you.
I don't know if anyone really knows how to qualify or rate teachers…except other teachers.
ugh. so sad that I can't go to 's concert tonight. I've missed them the last 2 times they were here. =( 2010 was so long ago!!!
Let's go get an ice cream
Why do folks think everyone who dies go to heaven?
He did say something about needing a new pimp hat...
Getting goosebumps during this montage.
I really miss my significant other
Brooklyn Borough Park Baby #MentionYourCrush New York City
was amazing, we rolled outta there. Time for a bacon coma, followed by some bacon sweats, tomorrow.
Six Celebrity Beauty Trends You Really DON&#39;T Want To Follow ...
I'm not off work again until next thursday/friday. :\
Nice new car, bud. :3
seriously. your nightmares were obviously contagious although no freddy.
Happy Birthday Beautiful. Again : )
LMAO! RT Yo hipster racism, Imma let you finish but institutional racism is one of the worst racisms of all time.
#Discount #executive #coaching is yours. Email me today (midnite EDT) for incredible deal. Life #breakthrough is yours.
Thank You to everyone who attended AnaJet's Open House this weekend!
best pic of Jeff I've seen to date!
makes everything better. Especially today.
it's expensive, but worth it.
I like the leaning by Doing, Observing, and Reflecting part too.
Flooded with the usual back-to-school excitement and few butterflies that make it worthwhile...going to be a great year!
yaay but anyways how are you?
I know c:
HELP ME TREND #NiallIsBeautiful BY TWEETING ME #NiallIsBeautiful AND TWEETING IT EVERY TIME THAT YOU GO ON!!! please)":
I've found the perfect right-wing sci-fi novel for you!
P.s. I bet all the LA fans wanna hit atleast one person on their TL, wit that World Peace elbow...lol
That's it for the Beach Boys? One song.
Love your website
We used to have great transit in Madison, but I had to buy a car 12 years ago b/c it had been gutted so badly.
7:47 time to beat the meat! not like that you fucking pervs
#LSUARK LSU defense holds Arkansas to a field goal 21-17 Tigers
3 and out needed for Raven backers
that's fucked up
Lookin so RockStar right now!! Just finished Hair and Makeup for my Vampire shoot!!! Crazy Cool!!!
yeah, not bad at all...I'm just stoked for my Germans to take the champions league next week! :)
Late lunch with my loving parents
RT : My dearest Happy Hour App, I love you like daddy loves mommy after 2 bottles of red wine. <3 u, KRGN
Funny everyone at the game saying black eyed peas killed it. Everyone watching on tv says it was awful
I JUST DID.on accident.LOL I USED TO LIKE A 6TH GRADER BUT NOW I LIKE A KID IN OUR GRADE MAYBE YOU KNOW HIM HEHE
Dreaming of calling our LA morning show to talk about her huge interview. What do you say Ms. Winfrey?
of course I have to try and relive the early days...I do wish willis was here
Another golden ticket goes to... ! Ping for details!
Interesting collaboration of information from panel at Finance Conference at AFM.
that's what's up I need to find a woman like you we would get along just fine, so where you live at??
Summer romances
thank you for the follow.
FOLLOW>>> Chck out on ModelMayhem/Lena2010 and Check us out www.plusgamepromotions.com LETS GET IT LES GO!!!!
ah im so confusedd
Because events are too water down right now and too hard to evaluate a player AAU is starting to look like HS Bball one good game a day
crazy friday, on way out to Mart for some fabric shopping, life is good!
thats weird, huh?
Yes! He blocked me so he won't see my tweet but sure! lol
RT I don't think little boys should wear silly bands. (I saw a boy with about 20 yesterday)
You said you liked Maxima before. Do cloisers hate her?
Looking for information about how to manage my 6 year old son's bipolar disorder. Any ideas?
Best way to show people in San Francisco that you ain't from 'round here: Call it "San Fran" or "Frisco"
better be seeing you soon! Have a safe flight if you haven't left yet.
meh.. I'm debating whether be should still be best friend or not for that..
Chef Mark Quitney of is wowing us with the beginnings of his BBQ Shrimp BLT. One viewer says she can smell it through the TV!
I need tomorrow times a million.
Time is going way too slow right now. I just want to be home hanging out with my franz
RT : B L O W E D!wish i felt the same way
It won't be that, I'm afraid. 55 & cloudy or rainy all week.
I agree. I think that problem solving needs more emphasis these days (at least from my exp)
no twitter no phone no gmail
MSFT earnings were strong. Keep an eye on tech stocks tmrw...
having BASS TRYOUTS! contact us if you're down :D in other news: is rad for backing Rampage :) haha
Ugh<<< i hate mondays...they seem lik the most dragin,borin,slowest days of da week ^_^
say hello to falsetto in 3...2..swag..... (: SWAGGIE
WHAT IS THE NUMBER!!!!!!!
Chrome, Firefox progressively got worse until it was nearly unusable.
that's what they want, easier to control a nation.of mindless, ignorant robots rather than a nation of intelligent individuals
Being in this barbershop you could learn spanish, lol.
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS. THANKS
There's a crowd at Baltimore County Council mtg tonight to again testify on transgender anti-discrimination legislation
Congrats... we gotta celebrate your accomplishments on warped tour ;-)
Get rid of schools not offering what you desire in online college programs. Search extensively to be completely satisfied...
OH: "I solemnly vow never to go into Dress Barn."
if i could rearange the alphabet i would put u and i together
Lol I need to make a family tree to keep up with all the relationships I have with various people!
Going with Union Rags
TARGET ANYONE
Steve Jobs notoriously cut CSR at Apple. Did it hurt them?
What's the weather gonna do? Should I pack up my wiener!?
Just because you were worried and concerned for me, doesn't make what you did okay.
^ Even as kids reach adolescence, they need more than ever for us to watch over them. Adolescence is not about letting go. It's about...
Was going to head into work early like a good intern, then there's a staff meeting...so I'll be at work for like three hours today.
watching the broadcast from yesterday (1/29) with my boys...Y'all JAMMED!!!!!
True, but I have a feeling that he'll start posting a lot more now...
ok i was like damn i will have what you are having!
If your wife made you change the channel, you gotta do what you gotta do. Would u do the same tomorrow :30?
we on the phone now
OPEN AUDITION TONIGHT!!!!! Email for more info on how to become a New York LADY Rebel!!!!
I would like to thank , , and Frazine Taylor for their wonderful genealogy resources for African American research
"Yesterday you said tomorrow" -Nike They also said, "Just Do It."
ok, NOW his twitter is down for good.
btw... I called for my status and it said I'm on backorder... Getting a little nervous here.
Take time today to get "in touch" with your higher power and center yourself today. Allow your mind and body to feel the calm. ~Br. Jeffrey
Helping my Dad do yardwork. This rocks.
Back in the office. SGIA was a huge success!
thanks for the show, I say it was worth wait, keep making good music sir, hail to you
Are you still looking for a great gift for your coworkers? Give them a Gift Card to McMenamins! Special offers avail on bulk purchases.
That of course goes to contest hopefuls.
Civil war is living up to the hype. Go beavers!
thanks for the RT for Austin!! :)
I love you!!!! Oh and you def made a great choice keeping her :-)
So true! RT : Taking time off from work!
lol I don't think Horford woulda made a difference anyway!
if they do, we sure weren't drinking them! ;)
We'll always have Twitter. You were one of the 1st council directors that I met through ODH- can't fathom that it was 5 yrs ago.
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11, Escondido DUI crash victim gives first on camera interview, shows us his injuries.
Awesome shout outs to and #glamwiki in Children's museum partnerships session, re: global partnerships.
Hangin! Making new tunes u?RT : hey dude(s), what's up?
lol I can't say yet she gets it tonight at dinner (:
Many thanks darling! :) We appreciate the RT!
Oh wow!
I b on the same shit lol
Punny, but true!
www.reverbnation.com/troothandthechampagnegang check out the music hot shit meaningful lyrics......
#DMCA No MPAA interns camcording this year. Instead, a teacher hired by DVD/Blu-ray licensing authorities demoing screen capture software.
ikr. Like if something gay wins like I might kill someone...I think kiss actually loves me bcuz they were really nice to me..
Every time I look down at my feet I think to myself I truly do have little piggies. Translation short chubby toes *oink oink*
haha! Hello. I'm starting to use twitter now!
Thanks !! i love you too Laouver :)
V. true! MT : I wish innovation gurus stopped sweet talking us about accepting failure as part of process--never accepted.
Jodie sawyer is on a McDonald's commercial ...guess dancers can eat fast food!
thanks. It really is. Make sure you add your name to our list on our home page so we can invite you to the opening.
Yeah! It's the weekend!.. oh wait, I work weekends, Dammit!
would be a nice night to have Gino show up in honor of Dick Clark's passing.
(Happy Dance) Another pair of tickets to The Dekadent Diva's Summer Cupacke Crawl SOLD!!!
hi nessie! its grandma. how are you?
for u can u shoot me ya email i got the studio too if need be
If you LOVE Food then you must partake in the hashtag #foodiechat on Mondays at 7 pm CST.
I am 13
That's better than being told you look like every male celebrity with dark hair and glasses.
Can I take you to Prom?
Subscribe to my YouTube Channel I subscribe back! :)
stay warm!
everyone is asking who you are. This is all BS to stir up some trouble! Why would anyone do that? Interesting
Damn I wanna see Jones v Evans
The awkward moment when you pull up by someone at a redlight and turn your music down.
Going to do some out door workouts anybody care to join
This week has been a reminder that I function best at work when under deadline pressure.
Every Twitter account is run by a person who could potentially be YOUR customer. Every @ reply you ignore is a CS fail.
If you see me later today please don't ask about my hair. My head hurts so I had to remove anything that wasn't hair ie hairtie, bobby pins
Your talent know no end! Come drive an excavator at my office sometime!
“: Stat of the month: Jets HC Rex Ryan has lost 90 - 90! - pounds this off-season. Props.” not like he had room to gain lbs
same storms are heading towards KC metro area. Should be weakened by then, but keep an eye on them just in case!
Hi Jacob. We've shared all the news that we have right now about 4G in South Bend/Mishawaka.
please tell me that's a deliberate DJ Quik "Mo P***y" reference...
Who's not agree ?? ♥
so I risked it and went and got a coffee. Came back home....no plumber. huh....
Happy LATE Birthday to my BFF ! I love you SO SO MUCH! I miss you like cray cray! Hope to see you real soon.
Vitamin D deficiency is epidemic. Sun exposure is likely not enough to correct low levels.
Way to go now its time to take it to the Texas Rangers! #Youknowyougotproblemswhen your facing !
Reading Departure signs in some big airport...
I'm from Arizona. Where are you from?
Just remembered i saw eric gordan outside of kilroys last night
Don't say that if you're not serious.
#Lollapalooza lineup is #Good not great
Why, oh, why does jury duty come at the most inopportune time?
OUR CONDOLENCES: WE ARE SAD TO REPORT: Avery's Bucket List: 5-Month Old Girl With #Spinal Muscular Atrophy Dies #charity, #nonprofit,
Woah. Rachel just gave me chills with that performance.
Awesome news! Congrats!
Have a great Christmas Eve everybody! Santa is on his way!
Not seen where any of the Copa America games have been televised.
This place was gonna be so much calmer and happier without her and her mom here, ugh
MT President of : “Chronic underfunding threatens the courts’ ability to preserve public safety and resolve civil disputes”
RT RT : What do you think of Herman Cain: 2012 R. President Candidate?---he is an azz clown wit no real platform
How many times do i have to tell this asshole that i don't eat meat simply because i don't want to until he gets it? Ugghhhhh hate
People with their bull shit will never stop... Cause at the end of the day if it did, they would have to much free time... (lmao)...
That's a very generous interpretation, Jim; I suspect, w/o being certain, that that is not what I meant. :-)
Kay, number? lol
I.d.k. why I'm so greedy.
zappo's has outlet stores in vegas (they are based here) and they are so great. scored many a excellent deal!
They said Juan has a chode . He doesn't look like that type .
Such a wide spectrum though, a non-verbal 3 year old doesn't need same treatment as 30 year old with Asperger's
Thanks my man!!
Happy Easter from Rosen Nissan Kia! We hope your day is fantastic.
Can't breathe
Curled my hair after ages! Only if the top knot will stay!
Congratulations Donald Driver.
Den tonight?
RT : Wanted: I will trade a self-inking press for an exhibition outfit of marionettes or a gold watch. IN1891
haha, I saw. We all feel that way.
I know! Even though she moved me she's still pretty nice!
LOL. i do think u're cute just sayin
Haa i had the best fuuucken day with my Bestti Denise.!!(x
please follow me i love you, and you look so cute next to the pugsey bear, wish it was me though!
What's everyone sipping on this morning?
Today can bite me. (Not literally, you vampire-obsessed weirdos)
dick in yoo facee put my dick in yoo face
If you have the will to push your dream that's all you need
<3 Local! RT new local food deliveries: + !
Why the fan in my class fell out the window. LMAO
If I were a witch, I'd want CJ Watson to be my patronus.
This Perdue chicken is so much better then the Tyson. In both quality and taste. Just an overall better product.
Go get em Steve!! Just tried some today & happy to report its awesome!!
My mind is a weapon, what I needa pop a clip fo '
Curling up with The Hunger Games in bed for like the hundredth time. Gotta get ready for FRIDAY!!! 😄😃
Hello cozy warm bed of mine. Let's go to dream land
Omghee..! Seven From The Reawakening Died No...!!!!!!!
Lose yourself tonight
We love when members visit--you won't be disappointed with the awesome work of &
I want to know how long is in town and whether I need to bust it to Seattle tomorrow.
Have you seen today's Your Turn? could air your comments on First at 4!
I just woke up to a dream that had Samual L Jackson in the MIB. Time to start my Monday.
Although you really dont mind it, i am the lord of your thighs
In addition, you get to learn resume secrets that will help you when it comes to applying for game tester jobs
You are such a powerhouse singer! Little " Reba " :) Loved tonight Keep up the great vocals! My votes are in :) God bless.
the John show tonight was flippin' phenomenal! Seeing it w/ made it a perfect evening!
LOL... I'm glad to hear you're well. :)
hells yeah. Just got up myself.
Plus 10-great tweet!
"that's what she said"...
And at some point, could you address the rumors about either the Kings or Hornets moving to Seattle?
In this tough economy we forget libraries are free! Get a book, support your local library and benefit from your tax dollars and all win!
They're doing OK so far. We talked about it last night, and they got to say goodbye this morning, as we knew it wouldn't be long.
you might try showmewhatswrong.com next time you're doing an IT consult for your parents...
he does with us. He needs to stay a little longer. His tour is gonna be really long this time.
Excited to start the "MarkLogic Server Essentials" class tomorrow. Damn cool technology!
(I just sent you a FB friend request, go accept it so i can stalk)
you're in my gcal!!!!
Writing today about fog-related shipwrecks on Chesapeake Bay.
Megatron should now be called Megadeal
Pancakes are good therapy.
Good for you. I don't have the strength for that...
1D continue to stress me out, i love you, but I'm gonna have gray hair by the time I'm 18.
I wanna be so in love..with Jesus, and whatever man He has for me!
Here's Del Rio vs. Sheamus!
Blocked his shit!
RT : Machine Gun Kelly mad he aint good enough for Coachella. He ignorant as fuck. - at least tag the man u Dum fuck MGK is hard af
I eat too much
Loving new Dr. Dog, Air, Mark Lanegan, Bebe, Sharon Von Etten- Great week for new music releases
I don't think I can:( I have to work a double at nine:(
I've heard a lot of people say that they never worked so hard in their lives as when they were starting their own business. It's TRUE.
Good Luck! :)
Sorry Yankees, LOST comes first... Shit, did I pay my cable bill?
yeah follow she and follow me
I have been naughty this year, but Santa said he likes me more this way
calm down youre only in 9th grade.
Good nite Night Owls.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Like I always say, If the situation presents itself...
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic American Songwriter & Music Connection Magazines, Billboard Magazine Finalists, BEKA & GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Dude. I know. I'm also wearing Spanx and a push up bra.
Soon as I tweet that, Gaborik makes it 2-1. Went off Carlson and in.
I think it's pathetic how you still have your brother check up on me . . . Get over yourself . I DON'T WANT YOU NO MORE !
0 for 2 on contract offers the past 2 days. I hate delivering the bad news to my buyers. :(
We Are Proud Of Jonas and we always will be! :)
damn I wish I could sesh with my mom , that would be TOO funny !
(*~*) you were living in a fairy tale, lmao
At the Met, finally checking out McQueen
Anyone have an extra Radiohead ticket for DC in June?
i feel that
Almost to Indianapolis-Waiting to play Marion, IN this evening @ beatnik's cafe. We brought our sunglasses, rain coats, and doc martens.
how the hell did that happen?? Haha
I'd like to thank my cowl neck dress for saving me these bagel crumbs for later.
CRAPPY DRACULA: The Best Credit Rating in Punk. Conversely, the Worst Credit Rating in Christian Jazz.
Too Funny All efforts of r 2 destroy America not Oil
ive got some great news :)
LOL I was laughing so hard, I started crying! "Luckily I have my backup juice." HAHA! :'D
Obviously, Hoge is as thick as his ties.
Haha. I'm not usually up this 'late'.
Memphis may fire's new album is coming out in June!!!!!
FromJan to Apr of this year Spinn Doctors has had 2607 unique singers at its shows. Come to one tonight at the Milw Ale House or Brat House
VIDEOS FROM SPIKE HILL!
All systems go now. You were a gigantic help! Here's to TEDxAlums sticking together! Thank you!!
Wrapping up final details for next week's #govwebcon. Hope to see many of my gov't web colleagues there!
I don't know what a hig is, but here's a big hug *hug* ^-^
OH: There's gonna be dogs… then there's gonna be dicks
yeah sorry about that. It sent it to all of our followers :-/.
Mustang sally
I'd open up and you'd say...
79 cents a bag at Walgreens!
Loving this #storm!
Anyone from Arkansas?
Having those weird-ass conversations with your friends and thinking if anyone heard us right now, we'd be put in a mental hospital. :)
site read we couldn't vote yet???? or am I just old and senile?? hahaha NO I'm NOT
dont mess with me and my ranch.
Thanks for the compliment!
OH: I'm sitting on a park bench and just farted accidentally too loud while making eye contact with a stranger
Amen, ours was out the day I finally turned it on. 1 call and 1 hour later - fixed. Completely painless to the checkbook!
Im about to eat hamburgers thumbs all the way up
Thanks for following me! Check out the QuickBooks Ultimate Lesson Guide 2011 DVD. 6 disc DVD set w/Book! www.QBLesson.com
He sure does! No argument from me! Lucy at Mistral, too.
thats what i was waiting for, thanks
If u know u wear a 2x and u always squeezing ur ass in a Lrg. Girl js stop and
hey saying hello seeing how your feeling. Hope all is well. Take a picture of puppy and post again soon please. Go to neuro Thurs
I just learned about Celtic Salt. It's suppose to help bring out the essential minerals in food.
Thx 4 tweet about our service! Look forward 2 virtually staging some of ur vacant listings 2 drive buyer traffic!
asked to talk about resilience and I speak from the outside (Fullilove #afta2012)
Friendship is having someone to talk with at anytime!
Why haven't they installed a mirror on cars that only cover your blind spot??
Today the starters gun is more like a cannon.
yeah that would be cool I could throw your some gloves
how are u doing
ONE DAY! I'll Have A Boyfriend That Will Treat Me Right And Not Play Me As One Of Their Video Games.
If you scared of money don't make money
lol u always forget about me lol
Oh that sounds great! I don't have a tramp though, I may have to invest in one! Wow, you just gave me more than one idea. Thanks!
I'm gonna start listening to heavy metal & put it really loud so people would be scared to sit next to me
THUMBTACK THURSDAY!!
Avoiding the crowds and chilling by the sea in Edmonds with the BTs
heyy it would be so amazing if you followed me! :) <3 MAHOMIES FOREVER!!!!!!!!!
Hey thanks for the mention! Much Success to ya :)
I think I be to early for job interviews
hey people whats up
Why must I always be seated next to the largest person on a flight? ESP ones delayed by over an hr
We were at Sports Authority & a woman wearing a customer service shirt cut Freddy in line & then insulted him.
lol its cool :) ive been in and out of the hospital anyways /:
Tiger just said he'd be looking to "hit Fairways + Greens" this weekend. Just another fan of our award-winning magazine.
last day in NY city. i had so much fun..... going home for 1 day & then going to Indianapolis
if you can tweet pics from the Matchbox Twenty show tonight it would be greatly appreciated
#ilaughalotwhen its snowin & someone walks in to a buildin n slips I know I shouldnt but I run to another room to laugh so they don't see me
Sorry. RT : #ThingsThatPissGirlsOff When their boyfriend has a job.
My honest impressions of the Insight: The backseat is pretty uncomfortable and it's hard to see out the back window.
the author tour continues: 2pm Valley Cottage Lib and 4pm at Suffern Lib. This Saturday! You're invited!
Thanks stud!
About to hit the "Big-Time" once again. Updates later this week as details unfold! Exciting!
lol why u love kissing me? hehe
If you ain't lovin' hard you not lovin' at all.
wanna hang?
ah, yes. Gobs o natives.
Anyone else give up Republican debates for Lent?
0 # disappointed Cowboys fan
We certainly agree :)
Choke, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist, now listening to mr
Which is your favorite? RT : yes I'm so happy too I use lots of products.
That is now 2 people today alone contacting me to to warn me of what is coming. My eyes are open.
When your teacher shoes you his feet during class bcuz he's missing a toe. LMAO!
I still have homework..?
I have the most selfish, self-distructing aunt in the world. 
A large part of mankind is angry not with the sins, but with the sinners. Seneca
Phila. had community kids paint and entire fleet of recycling trucks: "Ever since i've had art on my truck, people talk to me!" - JGolden
Who's all going to the 8th grade finale? #BoutToHaveSomeFun!😄
Thank you it was awesome!
chilling with the funniest of people xD
When you really matter to someone, they will always make time for you. No excuses, no lies, and no broken promises.
Yayyyy!!!!! RT “: OK it is NOW official--Manning on waiver wire--is an unrestricted free agent.”
loved my bear hug ! <3
A kind and caring man has left us...RIP Pops
Agreed. I think there is a link btwn anti-intellectual sentiments and anti-artist ones.
What do you have in mind big man?
I'm a sneaky SOB
Attending the VMware knowledge series event this morning.
What a bizarre conclusion, the "Great Leap" was the deadly part. #Forward is also the progressive motto of Wisconsin.
Are you angry at the person or thing that forces you to think, or at your own resistance to do so? Stretch.
The tears roll silently down my cheek...and you're not here to catch them anymore...the happy ever after we dreamed of becomes a memory...
Hi Kate. Thank you for your follow. Hope our paths cross at @ Grub Street.
“: miss our tweetable moments ” me too
Tweet 8k goes out to all my MILF followers, you know who you are. Stay sexy bitches!
it was nice knowing you.. i will go to your funeral (:
im supposed to be off till the end of the weekend, why do i keep coming back to the office??? someone tell me to go home or something
I tried to sit like and I think I burst something. Who sits like that??
CHRISTMAS LIGHTS? WHAT! It's APRIL
oh & ignore my fb post. Lol
sorry i missed yesterday! i was sick, and unfortunately still am.
aloot of people are so amazing and the rest are really not worth it.
When are you going to have Heidecker and Wood on as special guest performers/clinicians?
Just booked the best room downtown L.A. that $80 can buy. I hope it has a rooftop pool, spa services and cute bellboys, hahaha.
Going to sleep. Comp it the mornin.
FUCK YOU BITCH. ": The caps lock key is not cruise control for cool."
My boyfriend always keeps a smile on my face ^_^
RT : Showing ❤ ✌ GoodMorning ☺ #Nf. ... I'm following back!!! Thanks for the LOVE!!!
Lots of cool stuff at ASDS meeting. Live demo of Dot DEKA CO2 laser...eMatrix, e2, ePrime. Controversy-Dr. Zachary unleashed a can of whoo
To our Twitter friends at #MarketMix what has been your favorite part so far?
Also want some seafood...
A new season of Spartacus!
A lot do in SA! $10 a month for a cat!! RT : I just heard about an apartment complex charging "pet rent." Is this a new thing??
I do not like super needy, clingy people. Especially when I'm tired. Stop.
At the library finally gettn a chance to try this tablet out. So far I'm lovin it :-)
aww, me too! LA needs more of you!!
would certainly drown out the lawn mowers but his tunes are...distracting.
btw, I hope you have an excellent day today, tink
I Fangirled because followed me<33 thank you(:
... True lasting reward comes when your ACHIEVEMENTS Help others!
Lots of upgrades and add-on's coming in the next 60 Second Shirt (shop)
CANNOT wait for #EDCNY! This line up will make my day :)
You really 10k-ing? What race is it?
OH in a nearby office: "I REALLY want a fireworks show."
Excellence personified in her performing gifts and in her home going celebration. Thanks for sharing!
my 11:11 wish is to meet you. A follow back would be nice too (: <3
I can't wait to get away from here I can't do shit without somebody trying to spy or feeling like I'm being sneaky
Check it out!!! www.arillenblaylock.com
The fact that #stopkony is trending right next to #youowemehead really exemplifies the world we live in.
You talk as if you imperial
I never understood why people hate kids so much, until today.
Know ur heartbroken Prayers r w U Plz ck my DM re solution to MA's twt ...r artists n mu contributors 2 b acknwldgd while alive
I MISS YOU RIAN I LOVE YOU SO MUCH !!!
Follow the band!
Health Insurance of Florida, Inc. represents several major national and local Insurance providers.
Thanks we appreciate the love!
Making a Liszt and checking it twice...
I appreciate your site so much. Thank you for all the hard work, Happy New Year!
#FF my bro If you don't follow him go ahead and just delete your account.
makes you want to holla, doesn't it? just bringing up the topic hurts.
Convinced matty Desperado worth watching. Mentioned guns- took salma hayek's boobs 2 get him 2 press play. Should start with that in future.
follow back
~ Hey Rob, I'm looking fora couple of leaders in Canada. www.millionsdrinkcoffee.com
hows the relationship with Ron going?!?
Throat KILLS, feels like I have asthma again. Was it from practice?! I hope not!
how so?
I don't want the Patriots here in Indy..😡
This isnt a good day, really tired & in a bad mood.
thanks, I did body pump or something instead. It was with weights. I feel awesome now :) I love the !
is a scam! Don't buy from them! If you do it will be nothing but trouble! You will be lucky if you ever get what you paid 4!
RT : What's your late night go-to restaurant?
oh. okay.
indeed i do. quite possibly the best street name in the city.
Love the snow... Way better than the rain, especially for my hair!!!
Thanks, Miranda
I guess a nigga posed to just stay sick now a days.:
True story: I get motion sickness from doing newspapers on microfilm. I have to take dramamine.
LMFAO. oh those two songs. they never fail to get stuck in your head. hahaha
yeah love is so intoxicating that people are just like duh i want this moment to last forever lmao most say screw this im on it, drivem nuts
haha I'm laying in bed too watching cartoons :P goodnight boo
Congrats to both of you man!
Not all guys are the same.
LOVE the cover Miranda! You are one GORGEOUS woman! Hope for Women Magazine would like to connect with you too!:)
LUCKeSHOPPER Coming to you in 2011
good morning!!! you're up early, busy day? :)
Happy Birthday Ethan :D Cutest little thinng evverrr!
yeah take care of us, or we'll have you in the speculative fiction section!
Thanks for the RT! Great thought about the "blank yellow pad" Sometimes I think even the best CRM can get in the way.
Read my tweet !! And say to austin to tweet me i very dont feel :(
Happy New Year!!!! Be safe and Choose to CELEBRATE!!!
Watching people run red lights in Cranberry with Slow down early drivers!
So the baby daddy gets a house lol n expects me to rush in with him !!! Tha fuck? R yu out of yr mind mf
Is it crowded there still?
i just realized that i missed my wish:c
haha! Have you been to Sullivans on Thursday's??? Awesome happy hour specials.
personally I like to play five a side football while watching TV although carrying the remote is annoying
Use Promo Code: fb8nov for today's $5 Off any large pizza online
You're welcome. ^-^
uh-oh - should i find a different route?
I hope you will build the eco-resort. Sounds great!!
Q2: many are unconcerned if the students have learned at all as long as the # on the transcript is good.
To come to school for a half day in the morning or not
Sure. Imagine the jokes LBJ and Nixon would've suffered if social media had been around in their times. Tweets alone ...
What would Steve Jobs do?
Heat 1: Stockon comes to a stop in turn 2 bringing out the yellow.
OUR GENERATION doesn't ring the doorbell. We text or call to say we're outside.
Way cool, Melody Eisler is here. She came to her 1st STIA as a member of the Idaho SPLAT team & carrys on the work.
The lights in our section just went out. I think they were on a motion sensor timer?
Just finished Saint Patrick's day article for -- stay tuned!
Much gratitude for your stellar article. xxoo
YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS?Tweet us your favorite picture of #justinbieber and we'll choose the best.The winner gets a huge shoutout!!!
Being a girl for once and getting my nails and toes done 💅
I need to wear dress shoes everyday to work...u would understand them then
that Braxton show is a hot mess. Its worse than Housewives of Atlanta.
Former top Israeli general says explosions that reportedly hit Iranian nuclear ...
A simple but sincere 'thank you" can have such an amazing effect. A polite client just made my day. Makes me work so much harder & happier.
would you really? :)
How do we feel about high waisted booty shorts? Y/N?
Just letting you know that the song is 10x better.
You know your blog has made it big when some bot tries to spam the comments 10 times in 1 hour.
I don't ask for much, just the ability to sleep in a little would be nice.
"Sunglasses and advil..... Last night was mad real"
Vegas? In JUNE!! xo
Nice intro Billy!
Hope to see you at Lambeau. I'll be pulling for the Saints next weekend. Thanks for a great Fantasy Football year, too.
thank you for the advice on tanning for a pale person like me. <3
locked outside my house .__>
This weather is amazing!
Angel In a New Dress
Free Beer Friday topic: In a perfect sports world...(fill the blank). Take your time, brainstorm, and email or call in with your entries!
Later coconut grove.
Thanks for your support ! As much as we're looking forward to hearing from you and other real women out there!
Thanks, great daily!
when people think they're a rapper cuz they know "all the words" to a rap song. please tell me more about you're talent!
is tweeting and retweeting like crazy tonight
Thanks for the retweet!
or honey. I hate honey.
cant wait to go on our cruise!
We're super excited too! Will do!
"If what you're doing is not your passion, you have nothing to lose."
Good connecting with you man!
For a guy who likes the clean lines and order of mid-century modern design, I live in the most chaotic unorganized spaces imaginable.
i think i am :(
Thanks for following !
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily. - Zig Ziglar
I just want to be happy.
RT : in case you didn't know, it is legal to marry your first cousin in #NC, just not your #gay one.
missed me!
Haha I LOVE it!
First class...Econ...should be fun!!
Gobble gobble.
The clock is speeding. I'm calling the cops while I procrastinate.
Whoa! That's a lot of hops.
hey #Teambreezy :D
watch out for my nuts -_- “: Falling coconuts kill 150 people every year.”
just got some new gear. hyped to use it tomorrow at the SULTANS OF SWAG SHOW
that's what she said lmao
Voice is gone, bodies covered in sweat and this les paul is too heavy.... but, ya know..I love this :)
What song of Rihanna's or Katy Perry's u wish was urs?
Nope:) Just come find us and we will hang out! :D
OH YEAH ROSS!
There is not nearly 60 inches of snow. Sorry to disappoint! lol
Looking for (affordable) freelance video editors to work on a 3 minute clip!!
woke up this mornin. Took a hit on the lyzer. Blew a .11 yup. I'm Back baby! Gotta love wedding season.
. Sipping Tea ALL DAY LONG! running to the right daily! Fox cld use U
>> We Provide Quality #Specialty Items…Discounts Available…FREE Shipping
heck yeah buddy!
It's official...I'll be attending this fall and interning at So excited!
Bitch u aint no barbie I see u work at arby number 2 super size HURRY UP im starving!!
- not paying attention to your curves while blocking in stepped. You may get some ugly surprises when you go to spline
Cheater! cc RT : Trying to steal ipodschun's Mayorship from Little Italy lol! (@ Rinse Salon)
I hope they get rid of that bitch Alicia
RT for your chance to win 2 tix to see presents w/ & at on May 15th!!
The more people who try to tell you you're wrong and silence you the higher the probability you are in the right. Keep on truckin'!!
Great discussion about rethinking the safety net. Now off to the breakout sessions!
The sitter
knowledge is context
You like old southern woman?
We are so happy you enjoyed your stay with us, Marissa! What was your favorite part of the trip?
Somebody in my building tried to tell me it should be illegal to eat fries in the elevator. I laughed. :)
Thanks for the RT. I appreciate it.
Man some people have creepy Twitter pictures.
still don't understand what i am doing....
“: I need to get more than 7 hours a sleep. At least 8 would be nice.” i'm lucky to get more than 3 hours.
wat up big bro
I have the urge to go to Von's and spend my textbook buyback money on vinyl.
Choices you make early become health habits. So critical to set the foundation.
Love the iheart radio app on my Android! Awesome widget!
...Within 10 years, U.S. businesses would pay an added $430 billion in transportation costs...
Not impressed with the lodging options in Ojai for July :/
I'm in NYC or we would be going
it. is........ They don't add vanilla ice cream & many sugar as McDonalds does(:
They sure do talk a lot In woody Allen movies.
What are your weekend plans?! We have availabilities....jump on board and take advantage of our December Holiday Discounts!!!
Hating ass Bitches <<<<
Please #follow our
thank you for joining us Mike!
what the num!!
Sad to check out of the today. Such a lovely time
BEAUTIFUL! Getting my card ready! ;)
Gone With the Wind!!!! Casablanca!!!
No one asked me, but: worrying.
are my tweets protected? can you retweet my tweets? someone help! haha
is kobe going 2 take Westbrook game 2...or focus more on.scoring?
You are the bestest EVER!!! I think it's working!
“: I just scratched my ..... in bed . Insert your own word .” Arse
I want the Brazilian butt lift dvd..hmm,I wonder does...As seen on tv.. got it
come on by and visit us - check out our innovative approach to outpatient healthcare services.
Twitter proves to be educational. Currently trending: #WaysToMakeAGirlSmile. Take note boys...and girls. Let's not discriminate.
We are not being punished for what Adam and Eve did, we are being punished for what we are doing.
well, if you want to get technical
Cake ice cream and moviee don't forget nutella and popcorn
Home tip of the week: After installing fiberglass, clean off your skin by spraying only - do not rub while washing.
Sometimes you gotta swallow pride .
since your spending so long in Daytona. You ready to come back in July?
As expected, Wilson Ramos ACL as casualty count continues to rise in MLB...
you know.
yeah it it cold and snowy and i have high heels on.. I'm cold!
Taking some time off at the moment, but thanks so much for thinking of me :)
Awesome! Love nature with kids!
Twitter was already accepting registrations in early July 2006 - it just wasn't well publicized.
I didn't say anything
Shows all month every 4-5 days until Aug. 15th. Stay posted for dates of shows and events. Thanks for all the love and support.
I don't own one but have test driven. It'd be tight to sleep, and there are better cars for mileage depending on your budget.
Ah fires have been put out. Back to inventorying the #PealeBCLM 8x10 inch film negatives.
Quick dinner break (if I can pull myself away from #saa09 tweets), then SSA mixer at Moonshine, UNC SILS mixer, and funky fresh ACA bash.
sucks. Fumbles will do it. Nice run in Chell. Love that game. U play in the FIFA at all?
thanks! I'm rather smitten with the whole thing myself!
Who wants a free white iphone 4 I found
Grove is open today and tomorrow the Will & Pop's food truck will be visiting and we'll have live music. All starting at 11:30am.
Babe I really like you
I want to learn about 'seat belt'!
that's for sure
Thank you, Kelly!
*kiss* you too!
lmao.. that commercial is epic..
have a great week w They need to make this move already!!! Tweet it everyone!!!
If steroids are illegal for athletes, shouldn't airbrushing and photoshop be illegal for models?
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse all want to be the Carrie of the group
David stern needs to rehire tim donaghy to make sure we have a lakers-heat final !
and to collaborate on TV show = the headline I hope to read every day. Can either of you make it happen?
Pervasive feeling: "Do more with less" Increasing demand, decreasing support. No longer the only game in town.
Tom Shadyac -- it's not just going green, the green has to go...as in $$$ must go back out & be shared as a resource
if only i looked like emma watson...omfg
A night in Paris @ The Anchor .... one week to go .. March The 8th !!!! NYC ru ready ??
Oh so bored i really need some friends in this city
herb:P
I think you get McCann on a buy low but as of now its a slight downgrade at closer. Closers have been so iffy this year.
TITA: If my last name was: "RETNA" I'd name my son: D'Tacht #Bujah!!! LoL :D
mission accomplished :b
Did you ask why they wouldn't have let you in? I'd like to know. Best Wishes!
lol. i hope your wifi dies, bitch.
NO! I'm on tweet limit on my main account !
thays the first thing she questioned when we hung up...dont disappoint her...lol
mark your calendars for september 29th !!!
I wont be able to make it. Thats when we graduate too! I will send you somethin instead. Where you plannin on goin to college?
don't worry, it flew over mine as well!!
Masters Nationals Slalom, GS & SG in Park City next year. DH will be at Ski Cooper (Leadville, CO)
This bitch really needs to leave my boyfriend alone. You had tour chance. and were 8 months and GOING STRONG. not goin anywhere bitch :)
Men...in a church culture that is Jezebel influenced(non- gender specific) stay focus on the Pattern what is th pattern, Jesus!
It's Tuesday booze day and this full figured gal is ready to suck the alcohol out of a deodorant stick!
"duh duh..duh" cant even talk on live television lol t t today junior!
This week is PALS' PLACE, a monthly party for Teens with Autism. We have a blast.
Alexander Hamilton Love Quote of the DayTo fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead
you give cops too much credit. they have no power. our issue is with corrupt banks, corporations, biggov, censorship
I miss wish he was up here to run the city with me..
Thank the universe for your amazing life!
Little reunion with Jessica and the crew:) hella missed them!
What did you think of Me on the #RHOA Reunion? hehe
Great NBA double header tonight.
Weekend activity! Your house - carve a pumpkin.
No one gets me like you when you kiss me,<3
looking to get rid of my boxes of old notebooks and I'm too clumsy to not lose a $100 pen. :)
RT : ": The most successful people crave improvement, it fuels the engine of their drive.
I read somewhere that you're awesome.
it is part of our overall plan to improve each year...let us know how we did.
In fact, you both are extremely beautiful. :)
donation of my blood=complete
Winner of Game 2 in each of the past 3 #Pens/#Flyers series has gone on to win the series.
Baby who you tryna fool?
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, "Always do what you are afraid to do." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
no like I can't see anything, not even to log in to the comp
"Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional." --Chili Davis
Fake early deadlines that you kill yourself to meet and then they don't even glance at the piece for days or weeks.
i know what you mean man! Gimme a holla when u need something!
I have this on a VHS tape.
Where should I go for my next vacation? Somewhere I haven't been, fairly affordable and safe for women traveling? Pref Spanish speaking
Stuck between not caring at all and caring too much.
It's almost da weekend 😍
Small sample size theater,: Philly has been the best offensive team in <5 mins <5 pts "clutch" situations this postseason.
In the kitchen with my 2yo eating cheese by the single slice.
Thank you for the #FF. Have a good weekend!
I'm upset now smh
Let me explain my loyalty. I was born and raised in Madison, WI. I wasted HS but back in those days top 50% in class, automatic into UW
thank you!
don't listen to them! you are dead sexy when you sing! leg twists and all. never stop
Its raining.. #oomf needs to be here to cuddle.. <3 ;p
Somebody just retweeted one of my tweets from 2 weeks ago.. 
Hell no. Im not about to listen to gospel music all night. Fuck this.
Why didn't the iPhone guy make water proof phones!!!!! :O i so would've bought one!!
All I want is you #nowthatyou'regone
What's your favorite sayin' from the Color Purple?
I'll pay you back.
That awkward moment when a stranger in a cafe starts talking to you because he doesn't realize you're listening in on a conference call.
The only words that ever satisfied me as describing Nature are the terms used in fairy books, charm, spell, enchantment. They ex
damn straight. turtle power >
Good Morning Beauties! “The important thing is not to stop questioning.”-- Albert Einstein Have a great day!
If he plays well, there will be a trade available where #Cavs get assets in return for Baron move. Everyone that scared of pouting Davis?
lol, not to the cat man!
#OWIF: I think this truck is heading to Davenport, from what I could make of the driver's language. Does anyone speak Basque?
they were but r unbeatable
Hey, Hey, Hey!
Thinking about "any initiative that requires 100% buy in from the start will fail"
I will witness your destruction at the hands of live on ppv
Thank you for all the hard work!
LeBron goes hard. You ready to give him his due?
Sup tweeps! Anyone have an interesting figure from history for me to write a song about?
yea i do see....are you a girl? just wondering haha
#RememberHow we used to love eachother , the way you told me that you could never love another 
Notice how in some I say it differently, that should give you a clue ;)
@ Wash Univ. Fall Festival today - great game - Wash U 24 College of Wooster 20
Tired & headachey. Want to sleep.
Mitt Romney says he is known for bringing back failing companies... He has sure done that for Ohio Art and their Etch-a-Sketch.
finish a great session on creating your personal brand the attendees were wonderful!
Happy New Year! <3
friday has been changed forever..
oh wow you lost your bestfriend jasmin you poor thing ....that sucks
All day I see tweets about what men should do.. so I'm guessing every woman in a relationship is the perfect girlfriend?
Had to smile at the student writing a finding aid bio note who thought "Beantown, Massachusetts" was a real place name.
Have to come up with a list favorite films and limit it to 20! I love hundreds of films, this is tough stuff.
Woke up feeling a lot better today! Time to make some things happen!!
#AdvMailSvcs - We're on the leading edge of traditional & digital mailing systems for businesses. Call us today. 505-899-3104
oh i thought i seen you there lol.
- will i see you tonight at #GOAP party?
Scarves around the neck and porcupine hats are "hot" this spring as worn by The Who at Super Bowl 44.
You swim and swim and swim and then nothing happens , so you turn it off
Vin Scully: "I'm fed up...this is the last new owner press conference I will ever attend!!!"
yah, just coolin watching this brewers game down on the east side what u on
True. I love Angelo Badalamenti and Barry Adamson's work. I still remember buying the CD as a BC prospective.
Have you been to Thrive Lunch yet!? Every Thursday 1130am :)
Child visitor at your Home & Studio today asked if I was you. If only I had that much hair.
&#39;Myology&#39; is winning word at senior spelling bee in Pembroke Pines
Every time I read about il duce in history I think about that episode of Gilmore Girls when Lorelai calls the Headmaster that.
missing my personal Tweeter.
Our business is infested with idiots who try to impress by using pretentious jargon
i'm trying not to think about you, can't you just let me be
Put egg beaters in my tea this am instead of creamer. Fail. Good thing I caught it before my first sip.
Viva La Vida is on the radio (': I can picture the boys shaking their shoulders in my head<3
so make it better. im marvelous
Hahahahaha! Your mom is funny as hell.
It's Friday and the weekend is almost here! Who's ready for this weeks 2-Day Sale?? :)
RT : LOVE BOMBBOMB! RT : Nice use of sticker [thanks for coming!]
RT What a beautiful and amazing tribute. She was a genius. All hail.
Orioles have returned. They raise one brood and move on.
I'm watching the one where John Goodman takes over.
babies talking and being disrespectful
I enjoyed our phone conversation. I guess we're getting back to where we used to be. Good. Let it stay that way. I miss how things were.
Congrats ! You officially have the worst return policy in the world. Good job losing a customer. I'll applaud when you go bankrupt.
LMFAOOO (Anthony laugh)
oh hey guess what I'm ready for June 19th and for the #BELIEVETOUR <3 I love you (:
“Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.”
who is c walls? do i know him too?
Not as a source - it's a look at how ceramic practice is portrayed in popular culture.
text me now
"We Distribute" your ad sleeves to coffee shops for you, FREE of charge...
nice friday evening watching season 5 of #dexter!
The three fantastic fundamentals to accomplish anything worth while are, 1st, hard work; 2nd, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
Just dont get in your bed. Thats the worst!
Teaching OCF social media today.
Keith, my name is Keith...
At #SXSW, Al Gore said democracy has been hacked so we must occupy it. Just as well to say it has been occupied and must hack it.
haha, love you!
Just a generation ago, the US had the highest proportion of graduates in the world. Now it is 16th.
Tonights dinner menu! T bone steaks on an open campfire , macroni salad , homemade spicy baked beans and sweet corn bread. Smores for desert
Lets make this happen!! when and where?:)
check out the new site, www.nwboatsports.com
nxjsmxldnde WTF? YOU ARE NOT FAT :o
LOL Will do! Great to meet you. RT : Hi Vicky say hi to your mom
Tom Snyder - "Twitter in Training & Education" -- hands on workshop
Bad Girls Club Reunion part 2 !
#oomf always been catching my eye in the halls ( : he knows who he is !
We are offering a Harold intensive with a performance in February. Teaching the intensive is Marc Moritz. All details coming soon.
To Dapper
Chiana:I like to have a quick snooze before nap time.
let me know when ur ready 2 buy/invest in Buckhead homes. Check my site www.buyandsellatlantaproperties.com
Garcetti's 3 things: Cultural Tourism, Celebrate our Villages, Create a Major Music Festival and #Ciclavia every month.
i didn't think of that. I just don't like Will F. sorry just cringe when i see him :-[
We will remember the titles, the rest will fade. We're gonna miss you in L.A., Diesel.
I kno someone that thinks ur superhott,but he made me promise not to blow his cover
BRILLIANT. Except boss telecommutes haha!
Could not be a happier person, drinking Budweisers in the back of a Land Rover on the way to Vail to see The Flaming Lips with my boy Matt.
get here before 7 please.
so glad its the weekendd. :3
We've got #MNF & we're serving up our new Specialty Drinks. Come enjoy a refreshing Orange Crush or maybe a Knockout Punch! #DOit!
Crystal def had mary's phone
It is! I didn't realize everything was closed this weekend and I have to return a book but we leave Tuesday morning :/
hahahaha! I would never do that
Guess what I got for Mother’s Day? A framed limited edition painting of Aaron! To quote a famous movie line, “I’m mad with joy!”
Bought a new dress. And some new shoes. I'm so excited.
I Love You
Playing Jess Jess Jessie J ;)
after my patdown at sfo left 10 min early!!! WITH MY BAG!! not going to church w grandma for Easter
cheatings not an accident. fallin dwn the steps is an accident u dnt just trip & fall in2 some1s pussy or on some1s dick.
Gone with the Wind is definitely among my favorite movies adapted from books.
yeah. I have too. Arguing abt it gets old but it's so weird that people are so freaked out by it.
Impossible :D
trans am just shared a gluten-free vegan cookie, now playing quarters with Colt 45.
S/O to all my followers... Thanks for your support and interest.
right on, does that mean I get to be a future then? ;)
"You take your car to work, I'll take my board...." (via )
I TRIED!
and sarah put "Rumored";) or something weird.
Should have stayed home today. My patience level is way too low to have left the house at all.
I think you got me sick! I have started feeling poopy today!!
Join us Feb. 7, 5pm to close w/ - 50% sales benefit Sunshine Division!
Lol RT “: I bet it's uncomfortable watching American Psycho with Mitt Romney laughing and relating to all the wrong parts.”
Yay! Can't wait to see you!
I can't believe I used to have a crush on them ugly ass hoodrats back in new waverly
Everyone knows Thursday night is the best college night. Who's going out tonight?
austin do u ever not eat in olive grden? Ive there once
Just short of 3% of current workforce has been shifted to #disability vs being unemployed since 08...that makes #unemployment at least 11.1%
Truly unfortunate. Taught there on contract 2001-2003. Signs of tensions then. I guess things never got resolved.
Would you alllllwaaaays, maybe sometimes, make it eaaaassayyy? Take ya time.
Interesting that Geraldo Rivera doesn't understand that latinos might be more likely to be searched or on the no-fly list.
luck was on our side today! and i got great seats for the wilco show at the strathmore on march 30. really, really excited for it.
Just listing to music and chilling
So you gave him access to your outdoor outlets, of course :)
can we use the photo from the plane incident for WGN TV? We can credit you. Please let me know, thanks!
Jaiden is a lazy bitch and his ass needs to get in class right now or his name aint goin on this project, I swear that kid just cheeses me
"And we should text." No,just no.omg.
I heard John Harbaugh tripped an old lady because their was only one squash left at Giant. Hey, she didn't go 13-3!
was your God bigger this morning?
where is your dad. U all better behave. Lol
. Thanks Jerry! We definitely believe that there is no one-size fits all approach, especially in a such dynamic industry.
It Is what it is
Four Brown Pelicans over the bay off the Embarcadero is an odd sight for mid-January, are these four late to migrate or sitting it out?
Is really doing it BIG this year #nodoubt!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your info
are you sad miobi is over? I am :( i really was crying when i watched the last episode
Have not attended PNWA. I see that it will be at the Seattle Hilton this year. I may register - looks interesting.
oh thank you xD *bows*
certainly will be the kiss of death for them
RT : People change "when they see a value in it for themselves." #BGLab Team's Rachel on making cities, 1 person at a time:...
Dont take it personally and dont dwell on it
I remember songs like St. Elmo"s Fire used to inspire me...
2nd Annual Pigs in a Blanket includes an entry w/an actual pig's head & feet.
see you should talk to me more and that wouldn't be a problem lol
we are at nwk conservancy's "beds & breakfast" workshop!! #fb so much info n great networking op
“Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.” Mahatma Gandhi
BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ
I miss my baby..!!
well hey there #wangotango! so excited to see you on the just now!! 💋
Samantha knows what's up!! ;D
Its the funniest show ever. Vinegar strokes, pretty dick, plaxidentially shooting yourself, great cast. Definitely a watch.
I've never been so impatient to leave chemistry
REMINDER! With a valid I.D, students always receive 20% REGULAR priced U.V #tanning packages!!
hello sexy!!
I was gonna play softball last summer but I met my bf right as the season was starting and I never made it to first practice
Yes, you definitely deserve a nap. We're open 10-6. See you tomorrow!
: Let's have a markup hearing for the Online Poker Act. With the DoJ decision, it's time to act! Thank you.
Realized that our kitten has a personality, and he's a jerk. He's always biting and he complains constantly.
if u enjoyed Mr. Wells book u should check out my new book Vanilla's Ladies Detroit based street love drama. Follow x
I have to keep up with Different issues though lol
Can someone please teach me how to do the wobble dance lol
I think i'm addicted to BBC tv shows. I can't do work, I can't concentrate...I want my BBC!!!!
is staying pretty interesting. 5 players still potentially in it.
D'aawww I'm sorry I didn't see this! But I was avoiding all festivities, opting to read a book and count the sirens instead.
IMO, seems like a perfect opp to reach out to #pubmedia member stations who have extra capacity (say, uni licensees)
#wiunion and friends, leaving for hospital about noon. Prep starts at 1. Surgery at 3:30. 5 hours later will be finished if goes well.
shieet we can do the fetty clap with 100mil, ms we miss u! Lol
did u get a new phone?
The second it gets a little cold, I bring back the button downs and long pants.
Provide resources and have teams create paper chains in a factory setting to see how different technologies impact production
hey Gabe, we may engage ! with some new disruptions in social energy game mechanics over live energy data :-)
Yeah, but there's "less smart" and then there's hiking sandals, y'know?
ok I have only 114 character so what am I suppose to do writing paragraph
Really? That makes 3 other schools without an emphasis on finals. LSU needs to get with the program ;-)!
John by Lil Wayne feat. Rick Ross is THE best running song ever!
It looks like subtle sophistry
how much?
That's great. Big fan and been wanting to learn but I'm so injury-prone... we will see tho. Tempted! :D
I will look into gamma world 4. If you ever get bored check out philip jose farmers the world of tiers series,
trying to run over everyone between 21 and 75.
o anytime. Love to! Come see me! Or lat's meet somewhere tasty!
work really hard and wish on a few stars. Still long way for me to go though...don't be too jealous trust me :-)
“: I've had the album on replay walking to classes!! love love it!!” that makes me :)
Next month is my birthday yay can't belive Ill be 15 just seems like yesterday I was born
I LIKE THE FACT THAT YOU ARE HAPPY MOST OF THE TIME. I LOVE the SUNSHINE!!!
think I just wanna come home that bad
johnathan is gay too...his name is a mix between john and nathan...how gay....
count me in!
Some people are really OLD. Most people who are really OLD really shouldn't DRIVE.
I Followed Back! :]
Glad to hear you are enjoying the book and Ole the Viking, thank you. /cc
Spent the afternoon dumping my perfectly-good collection of sweater vests.
YoU MaKe Me FeEl LiKe A
You would think that after all the Jews went through in WWII that they would not treat others like that but they kill Palestine children.
im learnin martial arts n kung fu n shit when i get to college
We are excited to have you onboard!
Drinks and dinner w/2 of my favs...Babe and
Thanks for the follow! Keep in touch!
On this day in 1966, Pink Floyd appeared for the first time at The Marquee in Wardour Street, London, England.
Just picked up my Us Weekly(: My favorite part is the cover<3
We saw it in Tampa!
Let me fuck the world off, just for you.
Join this webinar to learn whether the speed at which the Republicans elect their front man has an impact on investments....
#CanadianTweets MT I got Tim Hortons once this week - how are there four empty cups in my trash in my office
you know about him lol
oh that's dissapointing.none the less thanks for replying!
Great choice <3 Love you!
Yes, thanks for the great service! : RT : Thanks to in N Austin for hosting us
IM A WILDBOY
some of these fucking guys. ridonkulous.
Local construction workers protest out-of-state contractors for pipeline project - WTOV Steubenville
hmm. Well, looks like you had one for me. Was wondering where u were re: Greys!
Stop being so motivational it makes me want to do workRT" : We cannot become what we need to be,remaining what we are."
And Keith is a solid reporter as well. I'll still be watching.
#harlem Absolute Beginners class happening in 5 minutes !
In another moment #perhaps. Heading back n I'm
RT : Started using this week for , and absolutely loving it. I think we'll be sticking with it :-)
Hanging out with and little sis
Spending time this morning getting ready for the beginning of our recording this week. We start tracking on Wednesday and Thursday.
dear tbell, i hope you burn to the ground before 5.
I don't dread death simply because I think it's a transition. Our souls can not be destroyed. I know we are going to live in another life.
First day back to work since wreck... Its rough but I'm making it. Missing my #minicooper since its the reason I'm still here!
Biking uptown with a growler in my backpack.
Would be a great choice! RT: : Autographed Helmet, hat, Season Ticket package and im next to u on the picture!
Series of blasts rip through Baghdad killing at least 57, and while no group has claimed responsibility, the coordinated nature of the at
When you're focused & have faith the day of the week may not matter. Bring your best today (and get some good rest). Be well
McNabb trying to prove he CAN throw it in the ocean...hilarious
The times they are a-different.
Come out and see New York's top comics battle it out as they audition for the prestigious Montréal Just For Laughs Festival
Sugar is breaking out a brand new menu tomorrow! Come and check out Chef Kerrie Jean's prowess!
Ready for opening session of
If you want to feel good, you have to go out and do some good. -Oprah
Follow back. Youre very pretty btw.
falling asleep to a young Gabe. Little Manhattan 2: Have ya' met Peeta?
I just died. You legit covered one of my favorite Jack Johnson songs. Better Together. You're officially my favorite person.
on for sure
Yeah, I wouldn't want to know a lot of people if things like that kept happening.
I hate to say it but the better team won tonight. Congratulations to the Bruins.
Really North Carolina? Really??
LLN!!! Fuzzy's Tacos  hilarious!!! I use to prankcall people saying if they were the sidekick hotline to help me with problems
Now this is an entry! RT : you need a jenerator to make those boots electric!
This diet really sucks! I just ate 2 cups of streamed spinach because eating peanut butter instead has too many calories!
Sit yo 5 dollar ass down. Before I make change.
there are a few of us crazy ones out there that do. :)
Get your taxes done on the cheap - 50% off tax preparations from Convenient Tax Services on www.crowdclick.com!
FA Cup: Derby v. Stoke
continue to tweet your little heart out beebs.
lol the last lady I didn't use profanity but the 1st 2 ppl I cursed out so bad. Sad thing is....its a fraud acct smh
Isn't it always the way it goes!
So today I rode a Schwinn super sport gs road bike - which looks like a hybrid and HATED it! Once a fan - ALWAYS a fan!
i gotta come wit it next time lol
no. la can fall into the ocean with the rest of california.
Oomf is a slut!
What?! Why? I'll miss the goat cheese tots! :'( RT BREAKING: ZWK IS CLOSING. Kitchen is closed IMMEDIATELY.
... well im not!!! i ALWAYS get told im hot... but i think their just tryin to make me happy :)
Rondo triple-double... NICE
thanks for posting it out to everyone lmao and um you welcome (: ah you left me im bored -.-
worldcompass is interesting; i'm very curious to see how the thematic blocks work out for them (hard to grow an aud?)
yum! That has been on my "to make" list!
when god made you,he was showing off.
Going to bed and waking up as tired as you were when you went to bed <<<<<
I don't have one!
Pray for a world who refuses to recognize it's Creator and His laws. smh at some stuff on FB right now. I'm out...latta
Todds&Tiaras always cheers me up :)
Right up the street from us. Can't wait! RT The location, from what I know, will be near Stacked Pickle on Old Meridian...
#dailyfeedback Examples of songs whose meanings have generally being misunderstood. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
I would never say that;)
hiiya :) question..have you ever heard of Culture Shock?
Talking to an old friend who havent talked to in forever!:))
Reading a book on YouTube is a public performance, might not be legal. Never read an entire book!
OK switching to a new pair of contacts in the morning. I've left mine in for like 2 months
Dial M in 3D - Can't wait!
whoa. I forgot you were
I hope you go to a team where you are appreciated. #15 always!
I do look at fellow LIS school people and think that my experience is WAY at the bottom by comparison.
all high silver...
Review: Terrific page turner. Polished prose, plenty of twists, but best of all a central character I found emotionally engaging.
I wonder at this point should I just give up on the notion or sleep? Or shall I try to get a few hours sleep?
I do. What's the registration fee?
in the fortress of solitude, of course. We've been cookin up something big Dave. Drop by, sign over your 1st born, and I'll spill
talk about painting a picture! Got a great songwriting lesson. Also, the sheep story gave me a flashback Uncle's farm.
too deer-in-the-headlights to celebrate quite yet but should be able to by then :)
We want to wish you a Merry Christmas tom w/ our Xmas Party + Toy Drive! Bring an unwrapped toy and get in 1/2 price all night.
fuck da law i hold court in the street
I love how ariana grande has her makeup its so natural! :] #jealous :)
RT : I swear these #tarheels give me palpitations! >>true!
Byron Scott's death stare just burned a hole through my couch. Go #Cavs!
Congratulations to who unwittingly just became our 3,000th follower! Sorry we weren't running a contest. :(
we had a delay getting Kona glasses so we'll have them next Monday!
Thanks! I think they should too!
Sure! Email to sacole0904_at_yahoo_dot_com
A lot of ticket guys talking down about Ranger fans lately Fans are doing what ALL fans do, doesn't make this a non baseball town!
snowboarding for the day
Where the Kobe/Stay Schemin Tweets?
Thanks we are glad you like it.
At the game! Excited about the Drop Kick Murpheys concert afterwards!
You are the star and that is why you will continue to shine. Your light will never stop a little more oil will keep it burning.
I'll pay 4 ur ticket and start a fire! 1st class ok?
Sold 100+ tix to the event on Tues against & the ! See you at & the !
End of a long weekend, I think I need some cornbread...
Bill is a GREAT guy! That's a nice connection!
From the base up, Hegel's Absolute seems fantastical. Looking down from a local synthesis, dialectic is recursion.
Actually it's the exact opposite. It's noon! lol Is no one answering the phone?
RT ": My car runs on gas, not friendship. So pay the fuck up."
hopespin keeps it real no matter what!
I've got a camera with me. Want to earn my undying respect?
Your holiness blesses the world ACIM
It takes time to understand a girl. If you truly love her, you'll take the time to try and understand her.
follow me please?
Moderately. Many of the group convos don't seem to apply to me. RT : Linkedin - do you use? A) Frequently B) Moderately C) Rarely
it should stand for nobody agrees
lost 3 big pots all night. 2 of them were to the man that staked me. Hope you have a great day.
haha yeah bet its killing uu haha so who u annoying instead of me? :) bet theyre having a horrible time lol :P
Shoulda picked BlakeRT : It's certainly all about #thevoice AND the coaches reactions (shocked? confused? impressed? chuckles?
": If 2pac and Biggie were still alive, would Lil Wayne still be considered a rapper" Not a chance.
About time is following me! ;)
Watched the first 2 episodes and thought it was pretty good. But I think Im in a comedy mood. Watching Lillyhammer now...
Has to be one of the most dramatic finishes in EPL history. The look on the united players was priceless
Oops. I haven't done it yet, but have thought about it and then caught myself.
he looks good as ever. just gotta hope its not a chronic thing
r u ok demi did u get kO
