What's your favorite Virginia wine?
#FF Lovely stores to follow:
How is it? RT : Reading "Everything as a Service" by #sbj01 great stuff!
Instead of morning coffee, why not start your Friday off right with some yoga here at the library? Our yoga group meets every Friday at 9am.
out of curiosity, has there always been an #oscars drinking game/drink?
One more mom quote from yesterday: Kermit was always very wise…
DC is good. G lost first tooth, can bike to work, I'm still beardless (woohoo!). How's #RecordRevolution?
I WISH TO INTRODUCE OUR 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOK SERIES NOW BEING SOLD ON AMAZON.COM
my favorite afternoon pick-me-up: drinking this morning's coffee, cold, & eating chocolate
Awww, Bailey. Say hey to Rachel and Adam for me!
It's not actually Friday but ICDS students only have class Mon-Thurs, so kind of! #FF DePaul colleagues and
:DON'T FORGET TO WRITE-IN HAROLD MILLER FOR SAN FRANCISCO MAYOR...
big fan of the better block program. congrats on getting it started in okc.
Yes, you'll come up with the new 'witch house' or 'maximalist nation' and be either a laughing stock or a tastemaker.
Sip RT'd a follower that ripped Lee B. The tweet basically praised Sip for going after Lee on his column on the other NU offers
its way lamer
we should get some v.s. girls together. it'll be a low key night.
i rep gang heartbreak nation hippies conquer
Join us live every Wed. FREE Upcoming University Classes >>> www.smartguy.com/index.asp?id=589&c=SmartGuy-University
I delight in making purposeful referrals and resource coordination. I'll scout for YOU...what do you need next? Blessings to you and your…
hey zz... How u been
Agreed! Just have to figure out how to fund #moretennislessons : )
come we are waiting for a table right now
You can be, do and have anything you want, but not if you spend your time wondering if you're doing it. J.Sewell Perkins
Trying to be quiet and failing epically...this wrapper just makes too much damn noise..XD
Man I tell you , y'all should've seen how was TEARING UP this damn fruit just now lmao !
Am I the only baseball fan who didn't know that Super 2 rules got changed w/the new CBA, so June call-ups won't come until late June?
its always so hard to wake up -.-
just read your book in the guise of a final paper...you would get an A, the student however....
Massive lightening in Gastonia.
and not in the fun, sexy True Blood way either....
Oh I wish. Have a good time for me!
Just booked a ticket to London with ! Will meet fellow blogger there! :D
I'm getting points all over the board...jennings, nelson, driver, and rodgers...just need finley to get it in
arlington in the hizzouse!
I knew that today brings the return of baseball and I care about baseball.
Listening now to #Tosca #opera singers at a dinner party after Lady gaga and Katy perry #onlyinnewyork kids!
be sure to go past her and turn around. you get to see the whole process. there was a pretty big chasm in the sidewalk.
So far of 10 speakers 8 favor single class
I don't tweet alot anymore. D: Someone talk to me.?! please.
no, europeans.. well i guess they are our ancestors too..
Power is on!
": This game gettin away from Utah...it's not how u start, but how U FINISH, young squad..." experience over youth
Malbec To The Future
The Imaginary Band hits East Rochester Friday night! March 4th to Village Rock Classic Rock favorites including Fleetwood Mac
omg that's so sadd
Btw, which Republic do you have?
You do not have to call people slaves to own them. Americans are slaves to a system they do not want, forced to serve corporate masters.
Gotta close shop sometime! Hope you had a good time with us last night!
ready to go to sleep. i picked the fine time to stand up
We just got in some bags and coin purses! Come in and check them out today!
At the Univ of KY preparing to hear Nikky Finney read from her Natl Book Award winning Head Off and Split
Busy day at our #APAAM12 booth in Philly! , & will sign copies of Shrink Rap at 12-1 pm.
yes please do
i need to do a stupid ass essay. 👎
i'm coming from my other account. tweet me there
It don't take a lot of back talk to push me
Could be fun, keep me updated
way to rock out to ! Love to see the love for Cage. They so rock!! Thanks for the support!
Nobody can fuck with my fire background
I miss you too!!! How's atl?
Cissy Houston was a disco diva!!!
Yes!!!!! Sweet freedom..last final done and over with now summer vacation at last
yeah, but negative writing can cause legal headaches
I'm not close to getting married but download your beta anyway ;)
I didn't take any pics or videos because it was so sad. But others did which I'm sure will soon be on youtube
well in the words of Damon Salvatore, "Dick move." We're gonna miss you! :(
danielle likes girls
Silian Rail up next @ Chop Suey
Glad you made it to see
oh my God maybe I forgot since I don't care. #happyEndings is in fall anyway.
haha that is lovely
I either work in a kennel or a construction site... but rarely an office
Happy Valentines Day to all the couples and if you're single then Happy Tuesday!
i hate you , twitter
At the end of the 1st period the #Wranglers lead the #Everblades by a score of 2-0
I like the way you think!
Haah! That picture made my day. :)
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 13
"Look at the moon, man." "Oh, hell yeah!!"
Do you miss Austin?
I have it recorded!!!!
And the #BizzyTour hashtag lives again! Follow 's & 's roadtrip journey in Portland and Seattle today and tomorrow.
ots of new hires? Yesterday I got cursed out by an angry citizen. Ugh. I was so glad to go home. Today has to be better ;)
It's 6am I think it's time for some sleep. :) busy day ahead of me later today.
If Clark K. says pumpkin 5 times ... Kansas wins.
Camps looking for US staff...contact us. We can help.
Try Gospel. Rocks way harder.
mission accomplished.
Our judgments of others Keep Us separate where no one can Touch Us Shielded from Our Pain ~JZ
Shorter : Minimum wage workers are actually fat cats.
*so much more easy or *so much easier #grammarpolice ;)
What do you think about the read and react offense?
Still got love for
hi! you should totally shout us out! thanks.
It works both ways.
Me: I wanna do you so bad right now. Her: What?!!!! Me: Damn autocorrect, I meant "Hey"
RT : Some good folks at
would it have been easier to drive up their delivery drivers be bullshittin
Packed house in the Secrets of Facilitation session
“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.“ Dr. Suess ...... Happy Birthday Dr Suess
hahah, the song is just everywhere! Lmao
Great idea! :) RT Just did some bloodwork, now hitting up for some healthy eats.
Love the C R A P out him and show him #Jesus by reflecting what God made you to be...a light.
Good to see #Virginia as one of the top seven states to add the most private sector #jobs,
That stupid moment when someone calls ur house and they ask "where yu at?" oh yu know just @ the park chillin with my house phone
Analysis: Mavericks brace for roster remake and rebirth - USA TODAY
Um, I need to watch Hugo
it was lame af anyways
We just upgraded our page to the new Facebook Timeline. What do you think of it?
much love FAM !
: Great to have met in our hotel lobby!
ooh.. Which bank?
#10thingsaboutmyself 7. I'm half-black.
I like McConaughey's movies so I want to see what he can do on the small screen. Although I probably won't have time to watch it.
I'm hungry and bored >.< Talk to me.
RT if u wait for Austin's Goodmorning tweet :):)
Yu just gotta stop people feeding shit into your head.
#jamming tonight!
I have a hot property for sale. Will also look at a joint venture! Makes good money ( cash flow ) very little debt!
Forever thankful to for introducing me to Katamari. <3
you look sexy when you don't look like a homeless pedophile.
yu get dat in ya email?
Happy to report that the #MBW won the big game today. So we play better when none of us can play ; ) congrats!
American Idol with
Of course! How are things in NY?
#JakeFricksBigHead have you ever seen me wear a hat? There's a reason.
. Maybe heard the new gmail is ugly and really hard to read.
an omg moment in annapolis today...we discovered a sonic! near dc! stopping for a lemon berry slush.
AHA study: Health care could lose 194,000 jobs under trigger cuts. But HHS says community health centers will create jobs. So we're cool?
you are making me blush. Thanks!
hahah she says you are to and thank you.. So you think she should??? :)
why? Can one mediocre performance cause such a thing? Or did the pressure get to her?
Happy Happy Birthday my amazing son!!
Mr. Medicus at Pius HS RT : Who was your favorite teacher? Everyone has one. Who inspired you?
oh ok :) and naw I'm a G I had to baby's no epidural I can take a needle no biggie LOL
What OL player college or pro did u pattern ur game after
I noticed all season long Finley was having issues with A-Rod passes this was not the 1st game I saw it.
hey stacey! i want to hear abou the nutrition coaching!!!
#youmightbeghettoif you are named after something that your parents always wanted but cant afford ie Mercedes, Lexus or Tiffany
Thanks for all the support RT : ;) RT : S/O to Follow the YKMD Boss
bowwow follow me waz up in the big T
RT : 2012 USC Law Tax Institute: Now, "Recent developments in Corporate Tax Planning;" lunch keynote Selvi Stanislaus of CA...
This overtime is intense
RT : “ NIGGA, if you ever cock your legs up to do anything, you GAY! lol IJS”What abt.all fours<<<
Obviously Im a little behind on my DVR list but lmao.."Hugh Hefner's had more believable relationships than that Armenian pig."
I don't care what any of you say, I still love my reds. And zack cozart, is a beautiful man.
Five years ago today, my entire family saw me walk across the stage to get my college degree. What an adventure since then!
I'm not watching the game but Indiana is a good team & Miami underestimated them
Ravens football hot steamed crabs and a great time watching practices sessions at M&T Bank stadium
5 classes for $25 through May - the Red Hot Youpon os on!
If you're going through hell, keep going. -- Winston Churchhill
so do you like keep track of these things?!
great to listen to some Jabee tonight! Static Squared...!!
Playing the Val Air Ballroom tonight to benefit Creston after the tornado devastated the city. Y'all better be there so we can raise some$(:
I have been kicked.
omg thats awesomee! :) but i dont know how she saw it i wasnt following her i didnt know she had twitter! now im following her :)
happy new year modasucka. The mutombo is out in full effect tonight modasucka!!
move that couch over there...can you fluff the plants?
Congrats on being accepted to , ! We look forward to having you and all the newly admitted Bearcats!
are you guys sponsoring this year's ACL? will I finally get a chance to hang out with you people?
#TwSIG Conversation with Miles OBrien was reacting to the bemoaning low quality of science reporting in media.
And lets not forget about ASS-drubal Cabrera now!
nope not at all.
The problem with this mohawk cut is that I like naps, which means I have to reset my hur. Hot look, but it won't last. Trust.
Fast forward 100 years & read "Beneath the Lion's Gaze" by - an excellent novel of the Ethiopian "revolution"
“Winning isn't everything, but wanting it is.” Arnold Palmer
praises to the most high
Wow, Fogarty just lost respect points. Do not make my best friend cry because you're mad.
We've been screening Bully for a couple of months now. The Director was here this past weekend to talk to the audiences too!
Good day! It's 64° this morning in South Florida. :-) Nice. :-)
RT Thrilled to welcome new IBN member and author , feng shui and Smudge Spray from Nashville, TN.
Today we find out who will be occupying the Cowboys Stadium locker rooms Feb. 6 during Super Bowl XLV. SPORTS!
hyfr lol! “: im at 1600 followers was gucci ;D”
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score. -Bill Copeland
I just want to thank all of my staff, the volunteers, the rules comm, and those that attended. We will see you all tonight
a jets win wouldve put us in! grrr gang green
Stop being a little bitch..JK :P RT I guess since is ignoring me like always, ill go to sleep
I think I could've done without the close up of the baby's butt?
my order number was 43209721 thx, erin
bedtime for me! more like nap rlly.. be up at 530 or 6 to tweet some more
- as an ex-IT guy, I hated that too. About 5-10% of recruiters know what they are doing...and come on, convert a PDF already.
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 5 points!
Quote of the Day: He is your friend, your partner, your defender, your dog. You are his life, his love, his leader. via
Aw thank you homey.
Looking like heavy rain on my new side...can I get a hell yeah?
it's okay, i don't let alot of things bother me... But im a great person to talk to if you need me
Humility is a wonderful quality...
We miss being on tour and on the road. If we went on tour again, who would you want to see us with??
Im so fucking stupid sometimes...
Jeez. I watch American Idol so I won't have to hear DMB songs. Well, that's now ruined.
Boys either like yellas or dark skins, i dont ever see #TeamRedbone lol
RT : Any other #ScriptFrenzy participants in #DFW? I'm waffling... thinking of trying my hand at TV show scripts...
m, Kinda. Not too much. is it you?:)
RT : POP Rocks!!!! We believe in the arts, big-time! This year POPsters pledged >15k to & is matching....
Learning Latin, Dinousar language and Italian (Catziano del Potzo) at
I love 's songs, specially 'Don't Catch That Plane", they're just life! *-* <3 CHECK HIM OUT!!!!
lOl dONt kNOW hOW tO USE tWittER :b
I loves u
idk. just wondering... but anyway! It's great that you aren't gonna do it. You had me so scared!
Spending the morning learning more about social media from Mari Smith.
Saturday and Sunday look very gray, with maybe a little improvement Sunday PM. Light rain all day Saturday too and chilly.
awhhhhh dont tell me it's about something abou Yesterday !
thanks ladies! Such a fun night!!! :)
I ate half and stayed clean! I think I'm good!
Yes - its for the NASCAR sponsors, etc “: you singing at the 500?”
girl, come out of hibernation.
Keisey makes me feel funny 😊
No, I dom't have a webcam over here. I'll call you in 5?
The Spitfire Grill is open for business. Come see this heartwarming folk/bluegrass inspired musical story of redemption. Thru Feb26 at #CEC!
exactly. Triflin hoe! I feel bad for his family. He was trying to do right.
Pump it up, waukesha, an inflatable play ground party place. Steph is beautiful, and it shows in her children.
We just got some new *Dixie Bath Salt*
Just booked some tickets to Seattle, will be the first time I have made it to the west coast!
lol weve been #hurdled for too long
The #Brewers Manny Parra now pitching. Ready to kick off the top of the 6th.
Charlotte Grimes: "The Internet has totally disrupted the business model of the press"
Love the new look, ! - are you taking appointments?!
Diddy we'll be at the Palm rain nightclub May 5 for the Floyd Mayweather fight after party reply for guest list and VIP
82 pitches in five innings is not "very efficient."
Wake n bake
I'm good miss u
That's my favorite too. But, I didn't see any in the first half.
I just downloaded MY ANTONIA to my kindle. Haven't read it in years, and can't wait to discover it anew!
You should teach me some hood haha!
Yeah we're cheap, we're thinking of just using one. But the movie selection on both doesn't seem that great (streaming only)
...then when the commercial is over you start listening to the music again?.. I just did that lol
THANKS for the RT!!
Any movie or TV producers holla at me
went meta on us: I'm commenting on your comments about our comments.
Let me know how long the line is. I'm dying to go.
just got back from washington dc ! it was the best
How about next week, Monday or Wednesday?
Madonna autobiography coming out next week... "Going Vogue" :)
"That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well."
Paul Ryan of the GOP listens to rage against the machine-which means they're officially over. I wonder what Zach de la Rocha thinks of that.
Crucial Giants game tonight. Even though I am a die hard fan I am still hoping they win.
Heartless. That's all.
#Facebook just set its #IPO price range between $28 to $35 a share. $FB
Sifting through giant donation, I keep whispering to the faraway donor my sincere sympathies about their father being an unbearable packrat.
I'm extra hungry,, just lays here thinking about all types of food,,,
Great mtg you today Ryan! : Listening to some good info about mobile technology at Village of Gurnee chamber meeting.
: Thanks for stopping by! Did you see anything you liked?
Longer Congressional DEMs sit on sidelines, don't get in the fight, more likely they will appear to be reactionary, defensive.
sadly only 12 :( have a ton of awesome ideas and plans though! :-)
Damn do I want short hair?! Hm
Play Him Before He Plays You..Someone once tld me that. And trust me baby, I kept my wrdd && promise <3.
okay I was just making sure. Lol because I usually go with my friend savannah and Anna and then other people show up thefe
have you purchased your PINK UNDAWAREness yet? If not, visit our website today (www.undawareness.com) and get a pair. They're going fast!
Fact: websites that convert can have terrible UX. Just look at some of the leading websites for marketing automation packages... *shudder*
"The bone has now been connected."
Hey Ken, nice to meet ya :)
Due to the Extreme Winds, Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck will be off the grid Thursday.
is working on programming a chip key for a car..
We got Nick on the mic and basketball on tv. What more could you want... And of course massive amounts of beer. Get here now
[NO PIC] Fun Two Dude Shoe w at 's Extended Play. ('Carnage' killed it)
This musical number = more time than Shaemus/Bryan.
Hilarious: RT : Just got a parking ticket in downtown Muscatine. Seriously? I'm the only one in downtown Muscatine right now
Common sense is like deodorant... The people who need it most never use it. Ha!
How do you like the new "Mirror Mirror" tv spot? Looking forward to Julia Roberts as the Evil Queen on this new Snow White spin?
Friends Follow back please
I tend to pluck off the thorns... ;) Or...I'm a control freak. I refuse to get hurt! or...i'm in denial...
That awkward moment when you and your best friend are the only ones drinking with lunch in the entire restaurant
link me first!(:
my baby so cute :)
thank you for blessing us w/the , from ICON to ABDC to events to meet and greets to shake it up now even bigger things
> Don't be hatin' on the moon. It's got a lot of pull.
and this talk doesn't have much to do with others, as much as OUR attitude-do we get impatient or doubt or complain
The pounding is killing me I'm calling in sick tomorrow
Morgan lanyhia Jones maybe
Happy Hump Day!Come get this month specials $2.50 Stella $6.00 Jameson drinks!The best place to Party is at Little Darlings!Open til 2am!
I'm great! Thanks :) Hope you are too <3
penelope is neither he nor she. but i love it just the same.
me too. I'm close, I can feel it.
have a good Sunday!
What a media storm that would have been if a UK player had said that.
WOW that's major. dis has never happen to me. I be having a kung fu grip on my equipment & real anal about my stuff. I knew better
Non-fiction is clearly critical component to well-rounded ed but using %ages is just annoying. What about EXCELLENT historical fict?
don't forget to catch Penn Ballet & Peabody Prep dancers performing new choreography in this year's Spring Dance Showcase 3/27-28 7:30/3pm
I'm fluent in typo
Just saw two of my things posted on weheartit loll ok
Ready for Free for All Friday is coming! Our thoughts on that table about the economy and voter apathy. Let's hear your thoughts tomorrow!
penne for your thoughts/planet of the grapes/taste buds
Yes, we all know that Harry Potter came out today, but doesnt anyone care that Winnie the Pooh came out too?! #showsomelove </3
Robbie Keane is the new player for the galaxy!
School is pretty sweet. I'm glad I didn't ditch today, even though I considered it.
Glad to have my car back from Go Nissan in Northglenn. Or is it in Thornton or is it in Federal Heights? Far from here, anway.
Personally, I think it ended just fine. :)
": Drake concert in Tallahassee>" & the after parties ;D
Building a web crawler that downloads hundreds of millions of pages over several weeks presents a number of challenges.
18 mo. old starts cuddling at EXACTLY bedtime. Little sneak always gets 15 more mins., singing a little song on my lap.
this has to be one of the worst vacations ever...could be worse. i could be in school -_-
Thank you!!!
Math is so stupid. Like shut up
I Love You Childish ♥ #
My barbershop bout to be the best ever blackbussiness
Titles are incredibly valuable screenspace! "Group X Final Report" is a wasted opportunity.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe That I should live a little.
Great! can't wait to see.
Fishstick sandwich and star trek.... m, Friday night doesn't get any better /sarcasm
More #GALLAGHERGIRLS on Tuesday?!?! Oh my!
lmao i leave twitter for a while an come back to random followers... odd.
going good I gi this online radio station Mon wed Fri I sing live over phone then get judged. So far pass every week.
What did he say?
the mayor's not seeing the irony, he will meet with 6 reps but only 4 can talk...about their right to free speech.
You are smart and talented enough for a 4.0 - Don't ever settle! “: I wana get a 3.5 this semester”
Oh hush
You Are Very Rude...
I got a email offer 2 be on a TV show called the #Gigolos on #showtime. Im hesitant to respond cause i don't know if its a true email.
but how is it 7:00.
Sorry for last tweet with typo as
welcome to the Rocket!
Thanks so much Cass.... Good luck at the show:))
RT : Did ever mention how much i love Green Eyes?
Don't worry Mike...I am letting you know I am still following you.
yep so put in yo Bio so I know its real # im ctfu
...call it global warmin
Cotto did his thing.. Great fight
You are so beautiful! O MY!
#DontWifeThatChickIf she's cheating on her husband to be with you!
Divide and conquer is no way to create jobs and govern. We need a Governor for all of Wisconsin, we need
Can we please get some waterproof phones? I would like to text in the shower.
yes! Down with cabs, up with Uber!
Anywhere with a nice view
Best dressed broker
I'm glad you understand my predicament. ;)
It took losing you to find me. It would have took finding me to keep me from losing you. Why is life so unfair?
Keeping Etta James in prayer! Singing "Come Back Baby", "Purple Rain", "Let's Straighten It Out",...oh my it's a really long list.
Going innertubing!!!!!! What a perfect day for it too!! :)
Meet me at SubMercer. WORK all night with Eli and myself.
Bunny bit a whole in my shirt
incompetent people suck. they suck harder when in positions of power.
Buahahah!!! Idk who's #bachelorette tweets are funnier... or ?
thinking about the mother's of Marines
Raises hand ": I wonder who would go on this Miami trip with me this summer. #Hm"
Grammy Time! Tribute to Whitney RIP!
Soylent Green is people!!!!!!
Sorry cant fix everything. Especially something deep
#amwriting since i can't seem to become sleepy tonight. Maybe some productive #poetry will develop!
In the process of slowly teaching my self #Prototype -- which really isn't that hard since it is incredibly similar to
One other thing that I have been working on is a list of basic data on many of the Roman Emperors (rule year/dates, birth/death dates, etc.)
Hey! Miss you! Come back to Miami!
Still haven't did this homework.
Falling coconuts kill 10xs as many people as sharks
": shout to the homie and for the dope track peep game and RT!" Goodlookn out mydude!
How do~words stick? I~loosen them to see
Being interviewed for Houston Public Radio in a bit here. Will air later.
gulf shores dolphin football hit that today.
My nerd is showing
We need pics! Snap a pic of yourself at our new St. Rose/Eastern location & upload for a chance to win a Keurig brewer! No purchase nec.
it's my go to product since leaving Aveda. The moisture cant be beat!
I wanna go see Breaking Dawn Part 1 now!!!! I can't wait till November!!! :(I)
what's even more amazing is how many guys don't wash hands..feel sorry for girls
I miss you
I've been working on my one-of-a-kind custom guitar... can't wait to play it one day :)
I love LO, but he made it clear that he had no interest in being a laker after they showed they considered him trade bait.
I couldn't attend #DPLAWest, but saw your figure of 3x physical-to-electronic [something]. What are the specifics (and source)?
wireless4freenpc : Anyone have the wifi password?
Comcast can suck it!
RT Most interesting thing to look out for in next week: polling data in key states to see if Pres Obama's same sex decision
Greg Jennings and Aaron Rodgers have great chemistry.. the WR1 position is deep this year
that's should be fun
My teacher goes don't make fun of the it's like making fun of god!!
merry christmas kendall i hope you read this and anwer or RT me please !! :(
good news we got lawson and nene playin, and is always tearin shit up so we lookin hella good son
Family always knows the right buttons to push
I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be. Abraham Lincoln
It's a great feeling
But hold your breathe because tonight will be the night that I will fall or you, over again. Don't make me change my mind.
Hail Mary - Makaveli
Monsier Roland Barthes, a minor hero of mine ? Fabulous, I am bringing my 8 year old to your Oakland show
Just made an iced chai latte with almond and coconut milk.
Protein shake number 2, down you go. How I wish you were scotch instead...
Clint hurdle in his mind "let's bat 2 of our currently worst hitters in the most important part of the game. What could go wrong?"
Freud Explosion/K. Gallagher: the neck muscles contract, bringing the head down and the shoulders up..
UP NEXT: The guy who threw the hot dog at Tiger Woods Sunday. Really? 222-6000
If you're in NY and still goin on and on about this gay marriage shit in North Carolina.... #YouProbablyKnowWhatDickTastesLike #TooSoon?
So the CIA stopped an underwear bomb. Can't poor Santorum ever get a break?
It's 4am and I can't sleep. Excited for another day of #diving with
I wish I had the voice to sing screamo.
please get me off this gd amtrak coaster that isnt coasting, only standing sti
(hands on the wheel)
Lmaoo This Nigga In My Gym Class Got A Gruber Law Offices Shirt On. Like Wtf, Where Do Yu Get Those..? Hmm... "One Call That's All".!
#Seahawks fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Seahawks #Broncos)
Good night everyone kisses to everyone in this wonderful world of ours
Alissa Jackson! Your generosity makes our hearts so happy! Many thanks!
congratulations on the launch of the new site! Think it is a great new direction for you!
writing about nine miles, marathons, jack lalanne's physical "feats" at www.susanefine.com; would love for you to check it out!
Hey Am I missing a way to batch upload from PubMed?
Hm... Maybe our next ad should say "So good it will make you cry." ??
Tomorrow is promised to no one.
So much for my nap... Workout time. And training for that half marathon
I hope your place of work or patients don't know how to search for your Twitter handle!!! hahahaha
Love Nate Diaz's fighting style.
I am with ya. I think of it as hating yellow more than orange.
jus think of me n it mite help bae #FMG ;-)
Well, this is officially the first time I've gone to a rush-call via. bus
Y'all need to follow my son, ! He is seen pacin' in the background of my original interview.
Condolences. So sorry about your news.
Lol I think everyone forgot about the noseyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Not amused.
Got my first present! Pajamas! ;)
Challenge: can I eat an entire burrito bowl in the 5 minutes left of my break from class?
So will people be locked into networks by address? How will this work for taxes? It sounds like this plan will exacerbate issues
its so good! i know alot of guys that like it too haha even tho it seems like a girly show
nvm, just read the schedule lol
we should make a video!
big ups to all our followers and besides....its just monday
meet her many years ago through a friend... I'll check out your show! Congrats!
Hey ! Wow, what a fantastic meal. Currently eating the leftovers. I definitely need more...
Let them eat cake, Wes. RT : should also share this cake with the ad dept :)
When CVPD arrests youth for acts that wouldn't be crimes if committed by adults, it is an inefficient way to control crime. No #curfews!
ok lol im on my way is yhu goin
just added a killer feature to Weather Genie for iPad/iPhone!
Be rich to yourself and poor to your friends. - Juvenal
i told Ashley, 'i feel so comfortable.. I can do my man voice in front of him' lmao
All these channels and nothings ever on -__-
To enjoy friendship with angels, be a source of love to someone who needs your support today. Love energy attracts angels.
Q: Gender dynamics in campaigns?
nm was just tweetin with my drummer dude dave
I might see him today.!(:
I'm one day out of being a college student and life is already quite different
I'm aiming for 11ish. I'd love to see someone working on a 2500 word article. I've never written more than 800 words!
haha idgaf . Delete ur twitter if its a problem
Insted of you calling my phone or texing me, You fucking tweet me
RT : Never Gets A Fucking Moment To Myself I Swear !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!------ I told u plz reconsider read sum literature LOL
RT Well, it's over now. #shakeitoff #ontothenextone ~spoken like a true player herself You heard her boys On to the next one
my first tweet!
Yeah the party never ends, this life is what I recommend.
48 hours until the next Diamond Group meeting! RSVP to .
My daughter and I love doing that! Ideas thus far-hamsters that fly but are cars and still pets, dog that is a lawnmower,,,
This weekend’s live music lineup includes Jim & Mike of and Mathew Haeffel…..another SOLID weekend of music!
I'm not gonna hang out with fucking potatos all day, Portland's starting to sound better now..
listening to vampire weekend with the porch door open. i can almost feel summer.
& best of luck this weekend! i expect bling for the trophy shelf.
Going to swim/dive for a little bit, eat lunch, and then go to Playa Del Carmen.
My house smells like burnt food.
so now wat
i hope to meet this year. if not, i dont know what im going to do with myself.
Oh I like that! RT : Term "rustic" is overused...I prefer "organic" elegance...see this wedding we did !...
aww thank u(:
A very happy birthday to John F. of !
Stream is down? I need to hear BDK's Movie Reviews and DOW
oh look at that, i didnt even notice :D sorry about that :)
hey, are you a teacher at dallas center-grimes?
You just haven't found the right person...same boat I'm in...ugh
- figured so. :P
really? I am too. I'm just getting Hella spam. Smh
Thanks! I was a PHP / AJAX developer till I quit my job to run for Congress against Lamar Smith, the author of SOPA.
I miss my bests!
Why is it that whenever I give myself extra time to get to work I always end up running late???
lots of angles-how would affect medicne? sports equipment? agriculture? u? do in triplets becasue some r obvious-some need reserch
ur so mean dude hahahhaa what the hell you love me
It sounds like you are having fun. I remain impressed with the students I met in Shanghai and Beijing. They should be Badgers!
Oh boy it's 3pm Time to drag my fat ass out of bed. We
29 points?!! wow loo
RT : “How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” - Anne Frank
Headed to Tallahassee tomorrow with and symphony crack!!
love you too best friend.
gotta include Indiana in those non conference games..
hi nick have a good one
Yeah #Syracuse crazy finish!
iaint see nun .
Maybe time to start that ad agency...
Sometimes it takes an somebody puttin a kick in ya ass to get you to play better <<<<< Lebron, D Wade there it is--->>> Step it up!
pretty good the weather is awesome like 70 and sunny, we are about to head to louisiana though for a month
Chilling in the breAkroom at work and don't feel like getting off my lazy ass
People are amazed about my psychic abilities. In fact, I know what you're thinking right now: "He doesn't have psychic abilities."
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” Oscar Wilde
If Dubront doesn't win this game he should be sent on a rehab assignment to Lowell out of spite.
if we didn't have the #jamesstreetrager going on ! The #rossmorganrager deserves a cigar tho
Thanks...I've still got it!!!
Thanks for following! *cheers*
Soo....2012 is on its way and im excited! I can just feel its gonna be a great year!! #2012imreadyforyou!! :) #begoodtome!!
This test 2 long in this accounting class
Pleasure was all mine. Thank YOU for a great conversation! Love talking with like minded #Transmedia folks like you. Cheers!
one doesn't have to be a big guy to be the big guy. Sometimes you have to get over yourself and do the right thing, in spite of... -TTW
The Pacers are playing well, fighting hard, not backing down. The Knicks could learn a lot from them.
Wow. RIP Adam Yauch.
Why do San Diego Realtors use our reports? Because many of the remodeling projects shown are preparations to sell.
#Melancholia. Wow. Thank you, Lars von Trier & #Netflix streaming.
WALK OFF GRAND SLAM MR. JOEY VOTTO!
I didn't realize this book was out, already! First some, reason I had October in mind.
WITH OUR VIP SERVICES TO THOSE WHO BRING THEIR PARTY TO SKY LOUNGE!
call me please
With WIN Catalog, readers can discover hundreds of thousands of "Additional Titles" beyond their library's collection #PLA12 Booth 818
#veryimportantpeople COO of Facebook = My life
Here at 92Y to hear Jeff Greenfield's interview with John Krugman
Now that I've watched the pink slime video, I can never drink a strawberry milkshake from McDonald's again.
I would have to give to both MKG and Miller.
#RollTide RT : Just touched down Baltimore what's good!
I see that all the hard work in the gym is paying off very well.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
Salty never Hml
Been tinkering around in there for awhile. Is there a doc/tutorial you can link to? Thanks for the quick reply.
#ThingsThatILike . . . real people.
thanks for the shout out!
well I will definitely be there so that means so will you. Bring your girlfriends cuz IT'S a PARTY! lol
That would be a very good draft, but it is unrealistic. Reyes in the 3rd? He might not make it out of the 1st
I must have missed you. I will be at the Tech Fair this week....
RT : Theres no shortage of diversity in books being written, only a shortage in diversity of books being hyped
never go away, just 1 vicious circle from hell lol, but going to Atlantic City 4 wknd so I want them in the mail
Do good, feel good; feel good, do good.
RT - If the children are our future, please teach them to flush the toilet.
had to give it back to my boss :(
likewise. Just enjoying life while I can. :) That's pretty much it for now.
I found playing last year that it helped my overall awareness of the sport. I think you'll enjoy!
Upper sideline
" Justin Come to Colombia "is trending. Nah, i much rather you just come to my house.
shoe game all day homie ;)
daang, what a great friend you are lol.
You're a person of rare intelligence; it's rare when you show any.
Check out these gracious tweeps!
'"Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time."
Rocking Christmas Fact #32: Durring the holidays, Elvis wanted to be known as a "Hunk-uh Hunk-uh Burning Christmas".
article looks great! thank you for taking an interest in us!
Anything from Supertramp. I think you guys would sound great doing a little Goodbye Stranger or The Logical Song! :)
it's such a classic Kimberly moment. #onesie!!!
I say some of the dumbest things sometimes .. Lol Ohhwelll
We love you all!
Of course we are
hello cousin!how are you dude?
Idk what's funnier, 's youtube videos or her tags on each video.
As a teenager, no interest in alcohol or sex, but psychedelics. I however don't trust any street dealers currently. Safety and all that.
There is no defense against adverse fortune which is so effectual as an habitual sense of humor
okayy!! but i wont be ready so ima be all ugly (: just warning u haha
I miss my pretty boy </3
At a motivational speaker today with my company. "Let your journey begin today folks..." yeck- so corny.
RT : Had our first rehearsal in the fabulous Black Box Theater for the Fringe Festival..so excited for this...
I think that's a fair assumption.
Who do you think wins tonight, #JonJones or #RashadEvans? I'm going with Jones for the win
Farm Fields Could Yield Jet Fuel of the Future | Renewable Energy ...
Just send everyone on the #Bobcats back to the D-league and fuckin' start over. Pathetic.
Wonders if the systems here will ever fully integrate.. Reconciliations are killing me!
And I wish upon a shooting star that I might end up where you are will you wish too? two wishes are better than one dude!
#20topfavouritesongsever: #Mozart #SinfoniaConcertante. Epitome of Mozart: clean, fun, interactive, perfect.
lol i said goodnight and im still up, ok goodnight now :)
. has a new album? yes! I'm ready for the productivity train.
Re-live a happy childhood past memory, ..." Take a bubble bath with a friend!
competition? why yes, i would love some. 
why won't you
RT : Pocketless Souls=Genius... So encouraging and inspirational... // we agree! totally different in xtian music
We have 5 sites that are scheduled to go live starting as soon as this weekend
Shout out to the home owners, girls who got diplomas and enough money to loan us!!! Shout out to the girls who EARN their own money!!
It is the best!
Wow! Amazon Instant Video on PS3!
Things overheard in the office today..."Did you just call the printer a bitch?"
any ticket from the week will be good for tomorrow if play does not finish tonight
Lawrence J. Peter Some of the world's greatest feats wer accomplished by people not smart enough 2 know they wer impossible.
In Delaware at Music&Arts stepup event. This place is rockin!!
But you learned something, right? That's how I've learned everything I know - by banging my head on a desk. :)
Want to be an older woman like Union Rags owner, Phyllis Wyeth, smoking cigars and wearing hats on a regular day
is mines too and roc royal too
and hype man KILLED it!
Looking forward to seeing you ! You may beat me there!
Ah my eyes are closing! Z!!! She went to sleep & the end!
So what 2 favorite songs did u listen to? I'm going to hit u up on Linkedin. I have a project that I need to take chances with.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 73
I know. We're all just sitting here waiting.
Taking vacation days ...otherwise I would too.
The only person you’ll ever have to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
its on now! ABC!!
Finally will unpack my books today...hello old friends
I miss how we used to talk every minute of every day & how I was able to tell you everything that was on my mind. I miss our conversations.
Let's play some Mad-Libs today! Give me a few nouns.
the bpad was great last night
will you wish me happy eairly birthday my birthday is in 9. Days please!
Nothing like an Iced Pepsi Fountain Drink to cool u down in this heat! & We have AIRCONDITIONING! If U'R in downtown Sac stop by WERE OPEN!
Looks like another full house for 2011 KCOM graduation at A.T. Still University.
..thanx for the follow. Appreciate it. <3
flight already booked. Only question is if they break the Dolphins 16-0 record on their way there!
it's 2 - 1 Rangers with less than 3 minutes left.
We can always set a tent up on deck.
Happy MAY everyone =)
he is a disaster...i wish he would play 1 game of MLB and K 3 times before getting drilled in the head with a fastball...
My man Salihi again eh?? I gotta dig up my first tweet about him.
We have a new server/network ready - vpn-sv1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
Sprayed too much hairspray in my room. Now im inhaling it-_-
#myguy doesn't need to take me out to fancy places & buy me expensive things.
Ladies, If you could make your own mma apparel what kind of designs would you make?
And where could one find such glory on a bun?
I thought Bryan and 's recommendation would have been good enough to bring the whole crew.
Movie Review: American Reunion Bakes Up That Familiar Pie Humor Review in a Hurry: Jim, Michelle, and the rest of the Class of 1999 retur
F'n tired!
thanks for recognizing genius when you hear it! ha
*raises hand* If they look like you... lol
Tweets From the Past: Featuring: James Jackson - Georgia Senator/Governor/Anarchist/Revolutionary
yep blue with white sleeves and the sash across the front!
What a small world. Have finished a novel and am self-publishing and am dead-broke. Any help, like your lectures appreciated.
u were in my dream last night. You were really nice to me so i knew it was a dream lol
"Update: he has a twin brother. Winning lolz"-- Tina
Nick:"Apparently I got this girl pregnant. Yeah, some girl said I was her baby daddy and I'm like, 'I am not your baby daddy!' "
Common sense ain't communism. If you're complicit with corporate corruption that does make you a traitor.
SPA DAY!!!
your people?
kick some butt today world.."YOUR OWN"
Thank you, Paul; much appreciated!
Thanks for posting the review. notetable is seriously good for organizing ideas.
Welcome! Thank for alerting us to your presence. (You guys are pretty rad. And your baby is hella cute.)
obsessive distraction of the day - - love the pete and thepirates one
My upstairs neighbors are either having sex or churning butter. If they are churning butter, they are very verbally enthusiastic about dairy
and that they might have it more abundantly. John 10:10 b
Yay!! Checking It Out Now♥
idk dude, i do some pretty childish things sometimes!
Going to the #NIU vs. #Badgers game at Soldier Field! Yes :)
so glad you watches face/off
These play off games are great!!
Don't know how many followers I have. But follow me
Anybody in the 505 have a business/restaurant or know someone who does who would be willing to donate gift cards to a good cause?
#1DUpAllNightToNumber1 I've gotten it! You boys will be #1 for sure!
When I need to a taste of reality, my Bestie Steven is always there to tell it like it is...
"Knowledge and power go hand in hand..." - Francis Bacon via Shawn Lawrence Otto at
How can a girl stay with a boy that treats her like shit and manipulates her?
#WeLoveCody #MyDirectionIsOneDirection tweet me these to trends and ill follow yew asap!!!! # NoJoke
ok just makin sure
nope no idea...house party joke....
My phone going to be dead when I wake up in the morning
"Quant jocks" - first time I've heard that term.
ham radios
I have yet to pick up some challah from Any chance that I can change this soon?
No design yet. I told & how I envisioned something w/hugs for interaction. tweet 1
I'll get through this day with FLYING colors. Bless-up
Follow me I am most unusual!
It's Time To Shine Patriots!!! One More Win!!!! GO PATRIOTS!!!!!!!!!
check again lol
RT : RT : "You look happy. Let me see what I can do about that." - Life
Gotta get mom a mothers day card tomorrow
& your beautiful. Inside and out.
RT : Every time I wanna complain, I remember I made this choice
Tonight I will be on Channel 12 News with Suzanne Boyd at 5&7pm check out my interview.
yeaaahhh I dunno. I think metadata is a new concept for these folks. They might need babelfish for our meeting.
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 6. Rebecca Black’s YouTube hit, If “Friday” can be called a ‘hit’....
“: I'm a fucking princess. Treat me like one. #bitchbow #now #ISAIDNOW ”
Today was good, today was fun. Tomorrow is another one. Goodnight and sweet dreams to all.
possible tlc tonight for the old hurting hubby?
It's going to get drafty in here tomorrow starting at 6pm....$3 Drafts, till they run out.
He. Nope, just H-Atlantic and H-World (on the first, but the second is just a tad too broad)
when will I see you again?
Damn! Where should we play on our next tour so you can come see us again?
It's the most wonderful time of the yeeearrr. Three teams playing now. Well, two if you don't count
Headed home...
aw i love you too :)
Knicks and Lakers making it a game! Lin..what
LEGALLY marry her, that is.
i love you brittanie marie <3
Are you ok?? I'm on the northwest and its pouring down rain...lemme see if I can find someone in the area..
Details on April issue release party at this Monday, April 11. Hope you can make it! RSVP to 944.com/analogbar
Depends what you want. Green and purple are rolling/grassy. Blue/Black are HILLY and rocky. Ice Age is singletrack.
“Opportunity is missed by most people, because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work
My phone is BLOWING UP thanks to retweeting everyone!
Thanks for the Follow
I got tackled by a rottweiler into the corner of the wall!
It feels good to sit on your ass and get money....I hate working for it
A well put together outfit is all I need to make me feel better
The new patio at at Easton is so nice...thanks for hosting us! ()
James Van Der Beek Talks Mocking Himself On &#39;... B---- In Apt 23&#39;: I Told Writers Don&#39;t &#39;Be Afraid Of Offending Me&#39;
Standing in front of 's bus and looking in just to the point where we can watch How It's Made. Its not as weird as it sou ...
Science exam fml
Loving this...lay down some tracks brotha!
Dude. I felt like I had a contact high from how good that episode was on the ride home.
hm.. not sure. she always has work!
Thanks :D
Anger is one of the hardest emotions for us to allow ourselves to feel as there is a social stigma attached to expressing anger.
We doing OK then? :) Thx for RT! -CV
He brings an awesome Word.
thanks for the follow and support Jenn oh heard you about the lobsters checkout
Ok. Client meeting at 6:30 am tomorrow. Time to sign off from the show.
Patron with new library card wanted the CD section. Is it ethical to say he's cute cute cute?
you look not soo BUSY today. let's SPAZZ ^^
Providence, RI. 81degrees, 57% humidity. Feels awesome!! Screw the living hell that is Phoenix!
Excited to see that will be on #SquawkBox for #StateoftheUnion coverage next week!
did you feel game 7 lakes win was lucky? Rangers Game 7 win was $
Happy birthday, Luke!
I liked the non-pretentious, quirky, light-weight sense of humor in that post!
Hey did you know Planting Fields will be open on Memorial Day? A great place to spend a sunny Monday holiday!
I love va va voom !!! I am just in love with this entire album I give it a 10/10
Fucking horrible week
Defense expert: Bronson "was completely unaware of these kinds of reactions (to Ambien & alcohol) ... behaviors like sleep driving."
Okay well I will get it to you right away!(: thanks!!
Getting my sea legs going with some serious mud and a nip of the baileys.
Twist and Sprout
#FF follow (Whitney Coleman Music)
Was that a great game last night, or what? Thanks for your good work. Baseball is the perfect radio game, and you are great!
Back to the grain for this one...screen writing is no joke!
No, according to their FAQ not enough room according to regulations last time I checked
We couldn't agree more!
We're excited to have you on campus!
its 4 a.m. in my part of the world. Enjoy you're day gorgeous!
Making some new music!!
Anyone know how I can find the top mobile phones used in Africa?
you're blunt
I was impressed by how successful you made wind lake music. I'm sad that it's closing but excited to see what's next!!
It scares me that a bird flying into a transformer can knock out power to 4k people for several days. Wishing I was off-grid
Attractive education destination for Kazakhs
#InTheMorningIMustHave either my chocolate milk, orange juice, or water
yea i been in act for a min just now gettn back to it lol
Niggas throwing fireworks !! Let me tell you it ain't 4thofJuly
Roy: It didn't feel real when I was playing... Shots kept going in and I kept saying, keep taking 'em., keep taking 'em.
my friends and I are interested in doing the Cortlandia. Is it a run or is it like an adventure trail?
Hey you! Thanks!
Happy Birthday, Rich and congratulations on the new album! It's amazing. Hope to go to my first show soon :)
quit trying to justify
well now you know
nice nice! is anyone else coming? ill add the names to the glist = more money to be spent on alcoholic beverages
lol does it matter
"Because someone we Love is in Heaven We feel a little bit of Heaven in our home."
Hope everyone is having a great day!
. From one struggling writer to another, I thought you'd be happy for me. lol
I can't see the moon ...
so the real question is have you had any fun plane rides lately! :-)
Good Luck! Let us know if you have any #HCG Q's RT I'm starting this diet called HCG
hello 2 weeks of summer!
You are so right! :-)
Just saw the girl of my dreams
lacking chest? Check your texts.
ShoutOut to my new follower :-)
Katy Perry's conert is 2morrow cant wait ill be seeing you there girl! i'm gunna meet you too!!!cant wait!! your concert is g ...
Franklin makes another great drive to the hoop, getting fouled during the shot. He hits the FT and the #Aztecs lead 88-85 in OT
Panama Fucking City... is this real life?
droppin them now
"Theatre without beer is just a museum." We feel the same way, Mr. Brecht. The very. Same. Way. Happy Thanksgiving!
I wish would follow me
It's gonna be a celebration here in Dallas tonight...I can feel it!
Brb after I'm done reading this book of RT's by
I Always Have To Compromise
I try to at least stay here every summer, it's amazing!! There's always something to & everyone's so friendly :)
thanks for a great class. Just bought a Teleprompter app for #iPad,so I don't suck as hard as I did this week #practice 🎥📱😉
BREWING APPOINTMENTS AVAILABLE FOR TOMORROW! Call us at (412)906-9400!
It's hard to know nowadays :P
Unless they are playing Da Bears, I'm going to be a Lions fan for the rest of the season... GO LIONS!!! Daaaaaaa Bears Da Bears Da Bears...
so.... cool. Out of my 8 followers 2 of them are like those porn website people
Too bad. It's the only fight casual boxing fans like me want to see
What are you doing consistently to grow yourself & your business?
my wife, is putting on her socks lol
yes honey :)
Four seasons, four 1st person accounts of a woman's awakenings, read the Scags Series: www.sullivanstpress.com/publications
or you could hide under the bed?
#IfICouldIWould Go back in Time right around that time....I Fu*ked up
Dear girl in this photo, #FACT your tattoo is a MAJOR #fail, Sincerely Everyone: mylikes
u stole my quote!! Lmao
Are there any artists who could draw me as a cartoon character? I really want to know what I would look like. Not as a caricature, btw.
THANK YOU!!!
Link doesn't work...?
How rich do you have to be to ask a waterpark about doing a Viking Funeral in the wave pool, w/o a lot of backtalk about drains and filters?
Bieber Fact #290: cancelled a trip to Canada to go see Selena.
I'll give you one clue...pockets! (or generally, in this case...coffers)
Just got a call from my #triathon shop, the #powercranks are missing a part, so I won't get my new training tool for another week or so.
watching jersey shore makes me realize that ur roomates have no idea how hard us poughkeepsie people party.
Leadership Mantra: We MUST serve our team so that we may LEAD.
You always postin some crazy ish
"Nobody followed for me guess you dont want a dm to " the f*ck i didnt! I just did bitch ! Stupid ass liar!!
Pussy for lunch
Could the leaflets stapled to poles also help us move closer, along with other media studies [better historicized], to a spatial humanities?
Just when you think your not beautiful, One Direction comes on the radio and reminds you that you are!♥ xx
Alright. Re-installed in the command center. Time to start the Universal fanfare and get our #IncredibleHulk on.
Compliments on my good oral hygiene at the dentist! Just what this people-pleaser thrives on.
like the B&W profile photo - looks like the professional you are!
So far I am LOVING Julie Bowen's dress at The Emmy's....you? Look for my complete best and worst picks tomorrow at mmagazinemilwaukee.com!
#describeyoursexlifewithavideogametitle dead or alive
Monday! I am ready for you!! :)
Yeah. Also the aerodynamics of the dragon-like things. And Hawkeye's seemingly infinite supply of arrows.
Thats it im going to bed goodnitee. (:
God never ceases to remind me that even when life gets extremely stressful, He's still in control and holds everything together.
iBeach members will have 24/7 access starting Tuesday, March 27th! If you aren't a member yet, SIGN UP TODAY!!
Have an image in my head but still trying 2 find it...HELP-wall art (word/name) u can personalize w/photoframes hanging below/attached 2 it?
Yeah, just gotta keep on keeping on.
yes. He finally had enough of brutal officiating...
thanks for getting crazy with us in El Paso. Great set!!!
Celebrate Preservation Week with us at noon on April 24. Learn about preserving the original manuscripts of Gov. Thomas Jefferson.
awesome wish I could come!! Have a blast!
Thanks. Any idea how long until we can use iy?
You see that new stuff me and are doing called
RT : Latos is looking sharp tonight.
If betting on sports is illegal, why do teams put incentive clauses in athlete contracts for things the BBWAA votes on?
Oh, just the asking for my password every time I break wind. I appreciate it but..
My new creative project - jewelry (pins, earrings, bobby pins, headbands) from recyled fabric from my fashion designer friends. What fun!
thanks dude!
don't do my nephew like that he can sleep with you Lolz
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 54F FOG/MIST
FUN FACT: St. Drunken invented the DD. "Uther, ye sha'n't partake, but only in ginger water, for I shall ride upon ye home good and true."
"Eww I like that picture though"
Haha I usually listen to the Oldies but Goodies on a rainy day! A little Temptations, Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, o or Elvis.
Waldo is officially squintz!
Check out our NEW LOGO!!!
Being condescending doesn't mitigate GOP #waronwomen. mT what are u stupid pph killed millions of black babies!
Spent morning with Mark Koebrich of 9News as he filmed and New Beginnings Custom Woodworks for a future news story.
A buddy said his girlfriend let him have a 3some with her twin! I asked if he could tell them apart. He told me her brother had a mustache.
i need a cat suit
no because we dont have the money to buy them (yes we have to buy them) and we wont have the money for a while....
Wednesday comedy night on #ABC!!!
Thanks! I appreciate the support.
Welcome to the team Bobby Chu, Christin McMahon, Dylan Harvill, and Antonio Gonzalez!!!!
Now, Lynden mainly depends on HubSpot's Landing Pages and conversion forms
RIP Seau! Ppl, we NEED to be there for each other!!!
Apple Black Friday 2011 Deals Leaked Show IPad iPod MacBook Discounts (PHOTO)
why would they be in the airport when the pack is playing today? No one would fly out if they're real packer fans
Next stop . #BELIEVE ♥
bitch did i say i was
About to watch Hugo... Now if only I can see The Artist!
I feel accomplished I got the highest score in class. Who would of known a 68 would have gotten me this happy!
It's a chilly spring day so try one of our tasty soups! Avgolemono (chicken, lemon, rice) or Vegetarian Lentil
will do :)
did you send me a DM? The message seemed like maybe your account was hacked.
Im gonna end up punching someone in the fuckin face by June 8th
Woke up to find the macbook in a pool of vegetable oil - still works!
Hey coach look! My sweat is orange!
best show ever. It's so good, it seems like it's the only thing on HGTV now.
Ugh, that's too bad. I haven't found that yet, but I imagine I will.
Be sure all your outdoor dog and cat babies have plenty of water. It is a good idea to change water out regularly in 100 degree weather.
Thanks CM, congrats again to Only met you once at #isum10 but remember a fun convo
RT : Show me on the doll where other people's happy civil unions touched you, North Carolina.
best feeling ever! :")
Cate Blanchett spotted in #DC today walking around Georgetown
Groupie u say? Haven't used it yet. What's the best feature?
man I had dun got my grub on.. Wht u up 2.?
yessa : - r u guys allowed to take camera phone pix?
YES! That hipstamatic app is very cool. It's time for me. I still have an old Samsung flip. I am in need of an upgrade!
Jake Delhomme has a job and Brett Favre doesnt....Odd.
Youd think heavens doors have opened.
She is too beautiful!!!! OMG!!!
what's that? O.o
I want to talk to people. Hit me up! :)
DUDE I KNOW! school is finally over so i have time to get on twitter! I MISSED YOU SO MUCH!
*to his cat* "When in doubt, make love!"
went live on Fox 29 Philly this am-acne scarring with Fraxel Dual and Perfecta/smoothbeam. check philly fox 29 to see live rx.
Hehehhehhehehee :D he has a SIX PACKK :D i saw it ;D :)ILYShawty<3
Thanks for the link! These You Tubes of Mike Curtis are great.
ha, not today. I left my panties at home, haha. Panties is such a gross word, yeah?
#Hart! Time for the long ball.
Im comin out harder than 8ball
100% agree...I love Area
are you always getting hacked?
Someone bring me food.. Now.
they are called super fans mike
that sounds gorgeous:)
#hustle this morning with 's APDs w/ and ! Getting' the party started at #empower today
So my one of my goals while working at the radio station was to get 'I Want You' into radio play...
I always seem to like Guys who don't Deserve Me & what I have to Offer. Idky I just Do!
i need to make a new CD
I Hate Movies That Try To Be Realistic But Its Not!!
I hate when people say that follow back on their profile and never do. Didn't your parents tell u not to lie lol
Thankk you. c:
Today's Friday...that means $10 off your new piercing if you have a student ID!!! Yea School!
Watching someone do anything is far more interesting than watching anyone pretending to do something (~ Cry Havoc podcast)
hahah ok, thanks :)
Jeopardy: A; Chipper Jones to retire after this upcoming (his 19th) season. Q: What is a something that makes me feel old as shit, Alex?
you have 3 more years to become friends with them!
dealing with wtc accident/
Lots of Holiday engagements mean that Wedding season is upon us. Excited to help out local Milwaukee Brides.
That's super cool! I'm so excited for you!!! You're going to looovvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeee college, trust me lol.
Never disrespect 'the family'. That was a beautiful quote Chipperoni ~ xo
haha no dice! =P states away doesn't help shittttttt.
We're excited too! RT : I'm really looking forward to my trip to CSpan at the end of the month! Mrs. Waid is going to Washington!!
Live sax Saturday! Patrick Rainey of is currently playing saxophone
I hope there's a preference in hootsuite to turn off animated avatars
“: Loving Kacie B! Sweet as pie and a Tennessee girl!! #bachelor” #
Fog-drenched San Fran streets weigh like lead on the beaten-down cons in Anthony Mann's amazing no-budget, close-up classic Raw Deal (1948).
Thank you to: , , for following me!
We've partnered with bands, labels & indie artists for nearly 20 years make more $$ at the merch table. It's what we do. Hit us!!
All of the Lannisters have adept comic timing. Like an ancient bunch of Reiners, they are!
Oh No ! My shitty work computer just went BSOD!!!!
When is the last time someone spoke honestly to you? Completely. Transparent. Free of expectation or hesistation. Be that someone. -Zach.
If you're the type to get giddy abt MLS academy kids, go to Swope tonight. One of the reserves is seven years younger than Teal.
not that one.. lol. That's damn near a straight drop.
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear We Need To Talk - oh shit!
courtney just made this fat boy cry because she was yelling at him because he spilled juice all over me oh my god
Yeah, definitely sucked, though falling short in '93 & '96 were worse for me. Ugh.
its Rainy out and I gotta work ugh
Ro gets sentenced today than he begins his journey... Shit crazy... Really gave my nigga life...
When you don't reply... and I die
Long run Saturday, perfect Phoenix weather. Thinking about how to help my clients improve cash management and improve profitability. CFO.
Wtahcing the & NY play.
": If you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries"
I LUV YA.SEXY ASS
need to stop being lazy and take out my effin contacts before I snooze
Give them all of it and what they don't want they can donate to whoever.
Horse of a Different Color members on twitter.
what was it
I woke up with Apple Bottom Jeans stuck in my head. Does that mean today is going to be good or bad?
Uh... What?! RT : Gresham man runs out of restaurant *on fire!* How it happened and the good sam who saved him at 6
are your USB ports broken?
Hey! Thanks for the note, it wsa nice to hear from you. Filling in for Steph this week. Missyou/talk soon.
Also, there's nothing like seeing a week of mini schedule conflicts work out perfectly. This will be a right lovely week :)
Wade a hoe fa that!
thanks. I will check on it.
and I on the road to premiere #wearewi to show #Canada what Democracy looks like.
Yay ...getting my hair braided monday the way I want it...awww sheesh finna be official for the summer ...^-^
I've been saying it for well over a year now, Mike "The Situation" does a lot of cocaine. He's in rehab for Cocaine. #Its a hell of a drug"
Saw in #vegas last night... What a great show! Was #funny and well put together. Way to go dude! Go see it.
lost my favorite ringg (h&m but it was still pretty fucken cool) :(((
twitter dry
In Tha Cut, In Tha Cut, In Tha Cut..
Citizen Twain with Val Kilmer as Mark Twain, sounds like a potentially delightful fucking mess that I would love to witness. But $60???
: "le slap yourself"
GOOD LUCK TODAY!!!
Great article on Lawrence Weschler. Love his essay "LA Glows"
Uh no ... You on the bad little children list (:
...what has been your favorite #superbowl movie trailer and why? Best, most creative answers win (see previous tweet for prize info)! 2/2
HOW you didn't know that is beyond me :P
Yay, the Ray Kurzweil talk has begun!
Drink lots of fluids.. and definitely take it easy.
already did like 20 minutes ago.
one of my most favorite stores ever - found it by accident when in #Seattle - Its a must if you are in the area!
...moderated by
with Tayloooorr . tonight was the best night of my life .
im that dude hulk calls hulk . Lol
make sure you check out the album
In Downtown San Diego? Why not come to Dobson's for lunch. www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Lunch_menu At 956 Broadway Circle, near Horton Plaza
So my back is still out...going on four days now. :^(
so wht yu bout to drink?
God Bless your beautiful family Mario
Did they all watch the Kardashian wedding? That may explain why they're sick...
Some artist on young money album will prolly never come out
its crasy how we kill each other like this!
Choochoo train to Davis, CA.
don't blame people for buying fakes. Seen the "Cav/Knicks" IV. Yeah those were fake back in 2000-2003. Ugly bootleg colorway.
"New EveryBlock will make it easier for you to connect with your neighbors and share neighborhood news and discussion"
you killed that dance to the strip song
Check out the largest internet radio station CyberStationUSA.com
Being an Aspie means not being able to explain why you didn't do your homework.
We're all working hard and aiming to be the #Best at whatever it is we do, Support me and I Support u!
Having a wedgie in a public place where you can't pick at it because people will see.
Hii , How are you Liam ? ♥
Prayers w. family of late Rep. Donald Payne.Leader,trailblazer,and excellent rep. of NJ/his constiuents. He'll be missed by all of us.
"Oh I can architect. I designed my apartment."
#VinnieMacNation doesnt have the power of
Check our new Ladies Work Boots
lol welcome to the life ...my sleep schedule too fucked up
#fashtech panel with , , and Getting into the minds of those in the online fashion industry
yeah this is the last week coming up
Forbes: For.... Wal-Mart with $447 billion in sales, even a fine of $300 million would be a piffle.
I predicted Barca 3-0 over Chelsea yesterday and was dead wrong... Nevertheless, I'm calling Real Madrid 3, Bayern 0 tonight.
I got a bday party planned out ill keep u informed july 21st is gonna be my party and the 24th is my actual bday
my wife says your the most influential tweeter and she is a steelers fan. Then again she doesn't have a twitter account.
RT : RT : Patricia Adams (): "By 2015 70% of organizations will institute software license compliance...
Helping a friend start a Twitter page for his band here in Austin - groove infused rock is their calling card. Stay tuned.
You find good (but terrifying) edu stuff. Didn't get all of that last link tho--went to RL's homepage. Resend if u can. Thnx
And 50 minutes of overtime
so many mufuckas gon come & go all i know is the ones that stick with me gon get whatever they want
Good morning and happy Tuesday everyone! Will it rain today, or will the sun continue to shine? Any way, enjoy the day!
Congrats to on her selection to the 2012 #SEC Community Service Team!!
Thanks Heather!
The best paid players in college basketball leave Kentucky for NBA.How long until NCAA has to vacate season for cheating?
When i'm upset i like to cut myself... a nice big piece of cake. ♥ ♥ ;))
Morning friends...lots of news happening. Maria and Arnold are over! Jury selection in #caca continues. clickorlando.com for the latest
Hey there people. Knock off work early & come down to Lottie's - now open at high noon!
thanks. No get is perfect. But bashir is a war criminal and GOS started genocide in Darius and kills u if ur black or Christian
Okay. I'm caught up with emails from the weekend!
Stretching it all out in 2012-We call it "The Year of The Citizen Activist" Sweet Punks ..get your issues on&make some noise! xxBPunk!
Not so good response i have followed many but not get followed by all so please follow and get followed
lmao tagged you twice. Oops
nah man im going to work as much as i can ! lol
Join the HCPA for PUMPKIN decorating at the Cooper-Siegel Library in Fox Chapel. Free event! Sat 10/15/11 at 1PM.
sounds like an important discussion to me! We were just talking about food trucks tonight
Suspension is the First Step - He Must Be PERMANENTLY Off the Air...He has NO PLACE in 21st Century Media!
That was a major oversight. Remedied now (:
Experiencing a new and exciting chapter in my life
Happy Early Birthday! :-)
Are you belonging to the 21 countries list of New #iPad? If yes, you are lucky!
Good luck!!! just picked up our official 48 Hour EggTimer for our session!!
just interviewed by C-Span Book TV for the book Crawfish Bottom! Stay tuned for viewing times
.. Hello from USA. You are an inspiration for many. Kind of nice to see you enjoy life. say hello to J.
Got woke up for sum bullshit...n decided to take my ass home.......
TO ALL MY FRIENDS THAT ONE TO HELP OUR COUNTRY REMEMBER LOG IN , REGISTER. WWW.COALITIONTOSAVEAMERICA.
RT ": a great ending to a productive day some would say styles! we love sweden" Oh dear.
Happy Penguins playoff eve, everyone!
Your logic is sound there, but extra swings isn't always the solution for every guy.
so true - the comments are indeed hellacious
#AlexFollowMe (: it would make my day! 😃
My minds made up.
plugging the Kasbah, a newly opened local restaurant we visited last night. Corner of Central and Monroe just east of Nob Hill.
Amazed. Had 30+ gallons of horse poop (yes) in my car yesterday. Used this AM & my car no longer smells like the circus.
Damn Boise State! You guys are crazy.
congrats proud mom!
BFF can't go to party w/us bcuz she use to date host's hubby.WTF years ago, everyone's married & families, she expects me to change plans.
we went to Thao last night. It was fun! We wanna throw like a house party before we leave.
Need to blog about teaching non-techie pre-service teachers to use technology.
RT if u love your delaware fans .... u might not know where that is anyways most ppl dont lol RT?? :D
awww to your tweet!:')
Did you know we have new items added to our menu? Spicy Chicken Tinga, Crab & Lobster Tostada, Roasted Veggie Taco--yum!
Tweeps, any fans of #GameOfThrones I just finished Season 1 in one day. I know I'm a dork but
CASTING CALL FOR FEMALE BARTENDERS,SERVERS,AND SHOT GIRLS...MESSAGE IF INTERESTED!!!!
I have no idea, I think I'm going to hang out with Allison
If you haven't liked us on Facebook go check it out we have our whole EP and the single from our album streaming on there!
so you're driving without a license? D: lol. teach me! :)
#therapists make a #healthychicago , not cuts.
If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all. ~ Joey Adams
warming up for Brew Bracket!
How've you been?
Ausberger's made worse by disenabling them-using music helps empower and enable
#ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo go back to you, again.
its at 14th and meridian in Columbia heights
GREAT shoot today w/ and !
thanks :-) I needed that lol
Did this bitch really just say we gonna have a threesome? HAHA HELL NAAAA
what are your #presidentsday plans?
How about nonprofit tech conferences? How do u feel about those? Do u have any interest? How about emailing me about that?
Good Morning! Have a Terrific Tuesday.....SPREAD LOVE
Kasana for the holidays! Let us create enjoyable and delicious gatherings for your family, work, or friends!
I love you too (:
