Goin to church for the first time...in a long time
Random person #ice12 "I didn't know librarians, could look like you" YES THEY CAN! BREAK THE STEREOTYPE #librarians!
<<< Don't overdo it and make it worse. I get the no workout though. Maybe upper body?
Wisdom GUTS bus. "Work is a part of life but not life. Appreciate the people in your life, that's most important."
so a job dosent work??
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: 💙
OK, another busy day done! Time for much needed rest. Hope everyone had a fantastic Valentines Day. Good night and God Bless.
Our 1 yr bday is coming up. Can you guess the date? Party details coming soon...
I just tried to clip my toe nails with a tie bar....they look oddly similar.
u no its true
Do you have an Emergency Disaster plan for your pet in case of disaster?
Stunned Mills even came out for Round 2 against Rory McDonald. Round 1 was an ass kicking
got that right
S/O to my NFERS
Food is an important part of a balanced diet. Fran Lebowitz
Soaked wet from head to toe ..
my husband was wondering why I was smiling and laughing so much. I told him it was twitter.
We hope that you are enjoying the beautiful day #Cincinnati!
RT : Homecoming is here! Come check out the WAA Hookup Booth this Friday in Library Mall from 12-4! Win a Homecoming T-shirt!
“: Adorable... name?” Prince Studly Bear Brown (we call him Studly) 13 years old & still going and going and
“If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there’d be peace
#Blackhawks That should be the last time Crawford wears the Indian head sweater ever again. Not 1 shoutout
You have to be a little crazy to be a genius. >:)
Very helpful article thank you.
#PCA eww how nasty tip hanging out
Trying to find more uses for Google Wave
Tweeters! I'm prepping for a 3-song EP release. so excited to get my original music out to you! I'll be releasing the song titles next week
that's when he gave me true friends who are honest and have stable personalities My God! Jesus will work it out everytime on time!!!!
u missed tha whole week, lucky ass
The regular burgundy/blue/sand vinyl, or the newer style they're going to use on the 7000-Series cars?
Gmail settings in Gmail. Mail Settings>Forwarding & POP/IMAP. Set Auto-Expurge to Off, Move the message to the Trash below.
Bristol Palin has done what most GOP members want. Didn't use birth control, didn't get abortion and will f*ck anyone at a wine tent party
I wish South Florida had volcanoes, so bitches like yOu can jump into them and burn BURN.
class act!!! U will be missed in bmore
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':14
Come and see the Chargers on our big screens! No blackout here, starts at 1:15pm. Enjoy our pizza buffet while watching the game!
are you attending #CTIAW12 ? We will be getting there tonight with
HOLY HOMELAND
Research the Internet -> excuse to be on the Internet.
had quite a interesting lunch with him yesterday, one of my fav!!:D
Perkins Gonna Work It Out
Let's make some memories and remember forever.
I have fallen into the research rabbit hole. I'm not sure if I can recover in time to meet my deadline.
that's awesome !! I'm very happy for you and yes I can't wait!! Ull be a great mommy :)
guys I heard something if I die tell justin I love him . K thankss
Bout to change my avi❕❕❕❕
When bad teams say "Let's do what it takes to make playoffs", they start signing mediocre vets to MLE's + overpaying their own FAs.
My dog has some nerve! He just sat in my lap and asked me to give him a tip.
so true amazing! Go
Retweet for s/o -- idgaf anymore :) ()
man tripn, he needta hurry up and put out. too many folks dont kno about him
awesome, good luck girl!!
suree and follow me back?
Sorry bo-bro. My best friend still is in love with her T-shirt and makes sure to make a reference every day.
I actually walked out of Austin High. Haven't done that since max payne. Kudos to ANYONE that finishes a film though.
It's the wisdom and energy from all you guys that keeps us motivated, so #keepitcoming :)
amen to that!
This is true, and it is not because I am a member of a conspiracy, but because it is a bad and misogynist movie.
I dont plan on getting rid of this name anytime soon, my entire personality is in it and im not ready to give that up
Pork steak for dinner. Good stuff.
Merry Christmas Alex hope you have a great day! :)<3
EdVoices Lily Eskelsen blogs for about closing the education gap in the Hispanic community. bit.ly/ntBbJh
me to :) that would be great haha
Thanks for the RT and glad it was a helpful article about transferring bb photos to your computer :-)
Where did you get the pet-pillow? I want one badly as hell =D
#EarthDay turn out the lights. Post ur contribution on planetredo.com afterwards
Watching people take 's tweets out of context and/or simply "not get it" is the best comedy you'll find all day
Two concerts, two weeks, same venue and I must say that was better on so many levels than the Red Hot Chili Peppers
Is anyone still awake out there? Does anyone want to hear some previously unknown #walkergate stuff?
Great! Thanks for the support. Happy Friday! :D
This girl wants to be blonde again, le sigh..
My former colleague Tim Roberts and I wrote the grant that brought that to Western Illinois Univ!
no.. I was just saying good for you for setting him straight. :-) People need to understand that HIV isn't a "Gay disease"
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger 8
Holy shit though really I'm so funny it hurts.
Booking a couple's Destination Wedding at the Excellence Playa Mujeres in Cancun. Great group rates. 5 1/2 Star Resort. All Adult....
hi ! I have a few questions could I chat with you please :)
please no I need my Mikaela hugs
Island Creek Oyster Bar!
Great post on today- way to blog!
my mum said when she goes to bed with her luck the phone will ring, guess what just happened mum?!;)
It's looking like 's show at is going to sell out today. Go grab your tix while they are still available!
And...how the hell are we ever gonna get anywhere when you can get a whole room of black people to shout, "fuck these niggas?!?"
Ha! Thanks for your tweet! You were so sweet to come, and I loved hanging out with you.
join the club!
can you help me get more followers...i love reading your tweets!! Keep em' comin
Bold Picks: Seton Hall, South Fla and California miss field. Northwestern, Iona and Mississippi State make it.
Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift were the big winners at the 2011 Teen Choice awards, taking home five and six wins, respectively.
Also working on a seven DVD series on culinary skills. Filming in Chicago again next weekend. Last weekend we only put in 35 hours!
i am going to be listening to #SAYSOMTHIN all day today :)
RT : #uficapetown Fantastic evening entertainment, thank you CTICC! -- I agree! Great time!
You don't know, you're beautiful. That's what makes you beautiful. #<3
When i think about you i think about 17 i think abt my old jeep i think about the stars in the sky
I'm the one at the payphone.
Did you know is the State Library? Great to attend 's
A bunch of my classmates from high school are coming out to the show tonight! Can't wait!
Today is the last day to order pix from me autographed <3 Get URs today!! :D
Mom took it away.
Herbert () LANL new IIPC member is going to talk
Love #Thursday morning coffee dates with
The avengers was the best movie iv ever seen!!
April is defiantly my favorite month
Next time I screw something up at work, I'm going to tell my boss "It was meant to be satirical." Seems like a pretty good catchall.
why must brownies be so good..
Never call a girl fat or make jokes about her, you never know how hard she'll go to prove you wrong.
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions. -Albert Einstein
haha. I do the same thing.
Head full of water, but I didn't manage to land my second switch krypt off the kicker. Now to start grabbing it!
Watching party for game at Granfalloon tonight with drink specials from 7-11pm. Hit me up if interested!
Just saw
Tried rye #whiskey #whisky last night. EXCELLENT. 100% Rye so it doesn't taste like modified bourbon...
I was thinking that too
Last clinical day! Yay for burning white scrubs tomorrow!
And it's back to the drawing board, I guess.
...no joke, just changed mine
Happy Birthday Kris Jenner!
Just played Sonic the hedgehog 4 Episode I on my Wii. I'm thinking about getting Episode II for my iPod soon the graphics look awesome! :)
Jonald spread over the longest piece of bread
Saw a black kid wearing a hoodie on my street, and just followed my instincts... I said whatup. He said whatup. No shots fired.
Haven't voted on the union merger yet, I'll do it this weekend. I have to watch the videos on the SAG website.
Just say "No" to #TroyandAbedCivilWarring They're much better together
Thanks for the RT!!
back to sleep.
According to researcher Astin, "Involvement" is a behavior, not an attitude.
Feelin' a little better! So I'm going to The Don Gatlin Show taping tonight!! #yayy!
New Show announced in Sarasota August 26th at Word of Mouth
How do i tell him i like him?
* Deletes trash, ejects drives, powers down, cracks brew. See you tomorrow, Friday.
Learning to balance life is the key to true happiness. You can't do it all, at least not in one day. Give yourself permission to be human.
Tonight the Grammy noms get announced. Last year got a nod amongst others. Any picks for tonight? Let us know.
Is amazed at how small the new iPod Shuffles are. Dinky, dinky, dinky!
I swear my dad act like his job is more important than his own kids !
it's Argento I would prefer confirmation.
good luck!! RT : Game day is here! #salute to all of the Tech Titans getting ready to go to battle tonight. Do What We Do.
Done writing me song hehehe
I am SO ready to be done for the day! I want to start my holiday now!
The asses that these beautiful women have in the city really making me consider pornography as my career of choice.
Dancing With The Stars Pro Maksim Chmerkovskiy &amp; Propel Zero Host Just Dance ... - Sacramento Bee
show tonight?
u r liked by me on fb lol
Now it's here! What's Plan "B"?
Wyeth haha. It sucks
No one can go back and make a brand new start. Anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
We're getting close to 1100 likes!!! Whoo! Who's gonna help us get there?
Why are there a bunch of highschoolers on campus during finals week?
I've made peace with my decision to skip
Hello humidity.
true story: she is scared to death she would get bit by a bug. #WhiteGirlProblems Are you missing the 21st?
thanks for the mention. Have a great weekend.
Probably because to live in Seattle where people don't know how to drive
Thanks Alan :)!!
Just heard that social media its the new first impression. Oh well.
Sometimes my mother makes me so mad.
THURS QUOTE: "The truth hurts, but it doesn’t kill. The lie pleases, but it doesn’t heal." - Unknown / #FOXlies on
hahahahha Dan cat takeover
The Press.tv is suspicious, but the original is from Daily Mail. It is proposed settlement, not a bribe, so maybe true.
Of course.
just received our #Logistics fan pack from & it's awesome! What a great way to start our Monday, thanks UPS!
How is everyone doing???
Always thought I needed y'alls approval. I'm a little more educated on the matter now ty.
Thankyou for your quotes:) we all love you guys and you teach us so many things if only you knew :)
only the best for Dan
PERRINO!! What's happening to Phil!! He played that par 3 like I would of and he needed to play it like you woulda!!
i need to get my tweets up
"There is a lid for every pot, a key for every lock"...Ashanti Proverb. #AAIP #AfricanArtsInThePark Aug 11&12 Dwtn Pgh
thanks. I just want to replace some clothes!
Holidays are weird.
Goose Island Bramble Rye BCBS is out today again at stores following the release last week. Good hunting.
Sale Alert! 2nite only! Visit us & say the secret discount code: "I live cute!" then wink & you’ll receive 20% off your entire purchase! <3
I hope he remebers that the nxt time he calls me...smh boo st8 to vm
Looks like we found your tongue, didn't we? I intend to, Miss M, thank you. Please enjoy your day.
Launch party in an hour. Teens come out to the Rockville Library!
And cowgirl boots? Maybe you should just move there.
Staying in tonight.
Warm, gorgeous weather during the day, and a nice spring rain shower at night. Exactly how it should be!
Omg!! Tonights glee is gonna AMAZING!!! They sing One Direction and Selena!!
Join the conversation on Twitter: Check us out at !
Triggers everywhere
Bitch ya hold dwn that fonky ass breath cuz all i smell is ass t'f you been smoking on crackbaby!?!
ok thanks! Because i'm doing it right now and i want to finish it tonight!
Discovered my new all-time favorite Pandora channel 'Escala Radio' thanks to #SymphonicQuixotic last weekend. Amazing!!
MT : Hey! and I are teaching Topics and Tools in the Digital Humanities this spring. You should take it!
I love this overcast in Austin! Fall is here! I love October!
what is Rugby League? Dont think they play that anywhere else in the world!
Please note that on Monday, April 16, 2012, Dancing Wings Butterfly Garden will open at 1 p.m.
Existentialism means that no one else can take a bath for you. --Delmore Schwartz
Do you really do a weekly family photo shoot? We do every Sunday & love seeing who we're with & where we are every Sunday!
Just bought my tickets to Houston in April, along with a ton (literally) of carbon offsets to make up for it.
And now Unskinny Bop is in my head. Thanks for that.
Don't worry.They're really quite loveable...until the teenage years. Those horns? They grow back. ;)
Heading to the Sau club meeting
Congrats on your graduation! You're awesome!
you're "special" in that Special Olympics kind of way. Lol
Bravo! RT : The will be the most culturally and artistically infused says Mark Miles at 46 for XLVI murals event
Great weekend to get projects done around the house. We are open Monday.
What kind of sick twisted human comes up with the idea behind the show 'the bachelor'?
just had the most fun that I've ever had, without taking off my clothes :D
I am still watching Grimm haha
#thoughtsduringschool Stop singing. You sound like a dying goat.
"elegant, yet approachable; peppery with a cherry aroma and hints of chocolate, rounded out by a great balance of oak & tannins"
What sports headline do you like more? 1.) Nuggets headed to playoffs (no Melo needed) OR 2.) Rockies start 9-2
Where there's a will, there is ALWAYS a way.
Join us at #ALA2011! Come to booth 2215 to receive a 20% discount throughout the conference. See you in New Orleans!
Are you a start-up #nonprofit that recruited 3 warm bodies for your board? Oops! You may want to rethink that.
Our promo for the San Diego Family Expo is airing on the Walrus 105.7 fm. Listen and. Let us know what you think!
good morning all are ASOME fans
oh yeah, Wheetabix is just what my gluten intolerance needs!
#teamfollowback I really need more followers :D
My shoulders are screaming from that art project. I knew they would be, but this is like percocet levels of pain. Yikes. Ouch.
I love Aaron Carter.
Good morning sunshine.. thank you for your warming rays today!
just place in sun & plug in. Testing today, time to charge results to follow soon :)
Anthony, thank you so much for the amazing shout out! Have an amazing holiday weekend with your family!
LOL great conversation with
You stupid.
Snoop got his 6sec swolle on
Congratulations to for winning Global Health prize of $10,000, sponsored by , at #gsec11 !!
I was at the light in jus happen to look over ..I took two pics..u live up the North east?
felipe's in seattle! making it back in time for our show this thursday! welcome jordan to the line up! :D
The New York Lottery’s Powerball jackpot is up to $184,000,000! I’m going to play today!
we should talk sometime
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? ♥ Wish i could meet you someday :-) Much Love! Reply pleasee?? :)
I need a feature. What is going on in #Orlando today?
read the book, then tweet about Game of Thrones
Sometimes u have to be selfish, if u can't put yourself first, u can't expect anyone else to.
Where has the day gone?! Well... If you still have a chance, stop in for some gorgeous flowers. I bet we have just what you're looking for!
": Boy : I wanna be a superman, guess my name ! Girl: Ironman ? Betman ? Boy: (smile) Yourman."
Fueled by locally cultivated biomass, we can consume left over tree parts after higher value components have been taken as industry develops
I wish I was at the SI Swimsuit Launch party... instead I am sitting in a lecture... not fair. ha have fun!
Word. RT Respect for all Moms (#MomEnough). Anyone who chooses to love, respect and raise kids is a super hero. Daddys too!
hey every day adds up! Or so I tell myself.
Can anyone ever understand their sibling, especially when they are jealous of you?
“ RT “: RT if you not at school .””y u not at scoo
Gay, bi its all the same
#quotefromcoworker to a customer on the phone "It's not about the size of the boat, it's all about the motion in the ocean."
it feels so good to be in love ♥
At for a mtg. Looking forward to some good networking!
It's never good when a piece of software doesn't just outscore you, but takes points away.
The Key to complete home safety is balance. Well protected windows are great but if your doors do not lock what good are the windows?
HEY!!! I remember you!
Working on Gossip Girl today.
you're the sweetest Jorge. :) that like made my day. <3 the "but" part kinda ruins it though .-.
We are only 5 followers away! Keep it up with the support guys! Thank you :)
I know, I think I'll be digging out my summer clothes for the rest of the week.
Be just, and fear not. Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy country's, Thy God's and truth's. William Shakespeare -
Good Night twitter!
at least it wasn't the block button, lol
the sight/sound of me trying to sing harmonies along with great songs has got to be the silliest looking thing ever.
who's in that pic
hey stranger how yu been
PLEASE FOLLOW-- 💚
we are taking our kids today
Im gonna kill this fucking cat
cause if you're cool then you know lol
yeah lets! How about Thursday?
Well ima eat a banana first then GYM!!!!
Tuesday is no good for me. I have a screening on Monday so it would have to be after that. Wednesday is good for me.
hit me up if you want to come. people are gonna be rigid
cuz i usually only have time to hop on and run one
Good morning peoples. Having a war with my bed to get out of it.
Good work!!
Well, the intention was cigarettes but who knows! lol He is a smoker...
whatever would happen, it would be entertaining
I needed this.
so random!
I'm grateful, thanks.
RT : Follow Goodzuma Fellows and to see the great things they are doing for United Way and...
Hello! So great meeting you last night! hope we can chat again at the next event!
#Nuggets Corey Brewer has a career playoff high with 18 points in only 12 minutes. Nuggets blowing out the Lakers 101-73.
easy on the Pepsi Fuller
No its not.
a squiggly line added me on facebook
49 followers away from 100! follow and ill give shout outs to all of you!sorry caouldnt follow my latest followers. my fone sucks
okay, but the other one came out blurry so I deleted it, we'll take a better one tomorrow!
need to cook a pescatarian dish tonight- what do we make?
LOL RT : Please excuse me while I rip my hair out piece by piece. Dear , really?
your* damn thought u almost got to 1st grade on that 1 ;)
meeting to plan for Audio April. Look out!
LOVED CHRIS BROWNS PERFORMANCE LAST NIGHT
Our Tanit Phoenix is busy filming "Safe House" with Denzel Washington and Ryan Reynolds in South Africa right now. Great script!
Good morning LA. Let the day begin!
thanks I'm a proud momma. :)
YOLO hashtag only appropriate when used ironically.
Do not be bothered by either, just be human and all will take care of itself
Thanks for the RT!
1-1 tonight... got Lebron'd in Miami but Duncan & those Spurs took care of them Clippers...
Ok then y'all got the same team plus him
I don't hate you. If you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
Make your own lane :)
Blog page is sick my friend!!
Reading, making plans and enjoying the incoming storm while having a latte <3
It's cold here in NYC I can't wait till them dirty birds get here and put some southern heat on these Lil giants
Everything said on the internet is true... Ok no seriously, like 99% of the internet is lies XD
Good day my twitter fam
we do at our Aurora campus at 7 PM. The COS campus is brand new, but will very soon!
Live Free or Die.
that's not word on the street..
Ahh how I missed the disgusting musk of the plex #he'sback
Its strange how my phone hasn't died yet lol
thanks for the follow sir!
: A simple "Bye" can make us cry, a simple "Joke" can make us laugh and a simple "Care" can make us fall in love.
Your brain was just saving you from the fact that Billy Joel is the worst.
Volunteer with our pals at a collectively-owned and operated radical and progressive bookstore? Apply today !
excuse me. Where the frick is the rainbow?
Good fortune comes to those who least expect it.
Bored as shit....
#FF Fashionista Friday..
So happy and graham were given the rose. Can't stand Kasey or Vienna. #bachelorpad Can't who wins it all?!
woohoo :) it doesn't hurt at all!
party weekend coming up :D
really? Our school's lead science teacher just told me they required passive voice for science fair.
PR stunts are supposed to promote themselves, no?
Happy getting over the hump day!! Cannot believe thanksgiving is next week!
Someone love me. Omg.
titanic will always be my all time fave... and it leaves me choked up every time goddamn.
Aw, what a cute little guy.
How many offensive rebounds can Denver get?
Which do you prefer, eReaders or actual books?
Speak up! We'll have a nice grp there “: who all is going to the game on Saturday? Want to tailgate around 1?”
Yep, and Republicans would be patting themselves on the back. Alls fair, right?
Fac. Dev. Session (NW College) incentives - fac didn't know they would get anything for BL redesign; got tools $ & some $
Good convo, great kisser and just a nice guy. I'd like to get to know him more :)
I'll be waiting ;)
y'all still lost
Time for
Next stop...Nae birth certificate
I think my mama waits intentionally for me to come out my room JUST to make me run and do stuff.! The Nerve of Grown People.!
s/o to my new follower now can I get a s/o lilmama
A hundred million castaways looking for a home
Really craving linguini for dinner tonight but we don't have any gravy :( wah
stuck in traffic at 1230 at night on 95? what the deuce?!
"All I can taste is hot sauce and tequila! And I only liked the hot sauce." Quote from
nope. It doesn't link. Pinterest is still beta, so im guessing the API isn't out yet. It's pin board that works w ifttt.
Who will win tonight? Juliet? Chris? Tony? or Jermaine? Let us know who you think will win!
if I change my avi to a slutty bitch can we DM? Just don't be surprised if she's only into anal.
Done with the gym. Shoulders with a few dead lifts thrown in for variety.
Nice post, Clare!
I did
the more we hear the better the chances but it is a long process… & must go through the curator, director, board & committees…
i think that's weird. our fat asses sit online all day telling people they're holiday is on the wrong day... lol
“: End of 3rd: Heat 90, #Pacers 58” way to keep it close Pacers
Hey! I just now saw your message ... just got back from Germany last weekend, work was nuts. Send me your contact info. JD
I just followed her/them hehehe god bless n take care
When are you going to make it happen?
Yeeeee!!! Kaskade????? 🙏 The suspense is killing me
thx for the follow, did you also follow we'll be launching our Cloud Application Platform in April, like ur site
I took my allergy pill last night and I've had terrible allergies ever since -_- fuck this shit.
can I get a follow back pretty please:)
n who is that?
A lot of buzz on The Hunger Games. Let us know if it's worth it.
Ready for some Camping!
Sweet! Can't wait until it comes out!
First thought while watching that video: I could beat up every member of that band
Congrats Aztecs (women's and men's) on your fantastic regular seasons. Now let's make some noise in the Big Dance!
Your kisses hold me hostage, and i don't wanna stop it. Cause i only wanna give it to you~
Jane is so sneaky just just made a room full of people hold hands...
look so delicious n im hungry as hell n this fuckin room with these clowns
The three most read words in the world: I̶ ̶L̶o̶v̶e̶ ̶Y̶o̶u̶ …NO! It’s: “Made in China.
Thank you to all who are following me : ) I really appreciate it
Going to see at tonight in #Harvard Square. Olly olly oxen free, Boston friends! It's going to be
Too early to start pregaming???
RT“: #BiggestLoser is not even enjoyable to watch this season with all the drama." switching 2 CartoonNet 2 watch KingOTHill
That was funny.
Apparently said I don't tweet enough, follow him to get invites to his next wine and cheese party
evan seinfeld is a tool. He's super creepy, and biohazard sucked.
Wow NYC really Don't Sleep!!
Went to The Source. Annoyed by selection. Went to B&N. Annoyed by selection. Pretty sure it's me, not them. Somehow managed to buy 3 books.
Or light bulbs.
RT : Sometimes, when I say "I'm okay", I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight & say, "I know you're not."
Wtf is up
Always keep your grass cut. It allows you to see the snakes lurking around...waiting to strike
Hey , you up for scooping me and mine up from ord at 5:37pm? Ual flight 884
How did you do that prince? ):
RT Good idea! RT : Put your twitter handle on your name tag at any conference you go to!!!
Email us info to post - ck website contact page 4 email RT : Upcoming Young & Powerful for Obama fundraising Oct 12th
congrats my brother! I do worry about 95.7 reception in Sactown. Can you add some wattage? Love always!
Awake too early today. Will make for a long day, but that's okay. ACDA Wiki, get ready for some workin'!
before him was Pancho and Chris is now called CJ and lives Seattle.
How could you? :'o
Disappointment is a act of expecting a thing but getting another to be free from any chance of disappointments,pray God's will over your day
Ha, what's the opposite of #StreetCred? Not that he had any in the first place.
It wasn't a transcription error! Real live bird!
I don't think the hard or easy test should be removed, keep them all. I was agreeing that it was easy.
You are sounding more and more Republican every day! Did Dr K rub off on you? ;-)
RT : I think Bachmann is just saying "$2.4 trillion blank check" to annoy people who know how checks work.
You nerds lied to me. The moon looks exactly the same. I got my hopes up for nothing. 😭🔫
Getting first shipment of Eades ready for Manhattan!
Thanks for RTs, Charity!
no problem love. I'll let you know when I find out for sure. :) x
That Senator should check his facts Marijauna & opioids r way different. Can't OD on Marijauna! That's a fact. Opioids can kill u 1st time!
adopted kid,can't wait to see ur 6.7 ft out either.enjoy college dude
Great pic! You should invite him to our Dog Days (End) of Summer event this Sunday at the
It appears to me that technology and politics are just now starting to get interesting. 1984-esque activity en vogue.
#rochmn Awesome job RSO musicians at your Apache Mall performance today! Electrifying and thrilling. The community loved it!
Lmfao “: Bitches with tatted eyebrows deserve an #IncredibleHulkSlap”
I was hungry in church lol. About to get some to eat and drink!
Love them - Enjoy the Show! Tell them to make it up to Milwaukee!
so no IOA?
seriously???? iam being serious....
It's unbelievable how many space shuttles I end up illustrating for work. The most ridiculous of all vehicles.
WoodsieGirl: Feeling guilty about lack of progress on #issdiss09, spending last week at #sla2009 and starting a new job on Monday hasn't ...
R.I.P Robert Schimmel and peace to his family. He always made me smile!
we'll send you a report on your own audience and let you see for yourself.
'When I was growing up...' is a funny phrase. When is a person not growing up? :)
If you are impatient, sit down quietly and commune with Job.
I think everyone knew Kim kardasian was getting married for the money. Too bad kris didn't know.
how are you beautiful?(:
LOL! Tifanny is so cute when she has stage fright! P.S.-Should sung it. :P
RT : I think the Cubbies may win the World Series before an Obama budget is passed #GoCubs!
that's funny. i keep telling the kids i'm gonna stop feeding them. FLY KIDS FLY!
Man I cant figure out to to eat:-( Thanks to my sister for piss poor shopping. Dont worry,, at work im eat everything up
Be there soon RT : Checking out the campus of #LSU. Gonna see a #baseball game. wish you were here buddy!"
only now that the delightful bar "Cheerz" is gone. Haha. I kid. I kid.
I only had one drink!
you beautiful & gorgeous & an amazing person , don't doubt yourself
My brother Got a Gf , my ass sitting here Single
Happy Birthday!! Be Happy
Are you a #LawStudent or #LawProfessor? We'd love to connect with you.
oh hey <3
It would be nice to get an invite. I am interested in how Google+ works It is worth a try.
School fundraising has certainly changed; the actual door-to-door schlepping of catalogs is mostly gone (for good!)...
there are some good tutorials on You Tube. I'm not good at them either. :(
dear god, how else do you it then?!?
competitive nature CJ miles
Chargers fans should be excited about this prospect. Sport Science: Melvin Ingram: via
That was strong throw and save Nova's day.
It's too late for you and your white horse to come around.
that's not a good feeling to have
“: Just told a lady that she had chalk on the seat of her pants. Good deed of March #done” // Chalk dust is how I accessorize.
One of my FB friends has a friend who is a lash tech. Yeah. They work on eye lashes or something.
Cinnamon toast for the first time in years o baaaabbbbby YUM
If you pass me up and I have a wiener in my mouth don't honk
That Thursday night game was fun but what's Football Sunday without a game? Watching AJ Green, he's great but no Megatron
Tattoo view 2
Well, that's one way to get around that pesky apostrophe! :)
logical. I like it.
New hardwood floors can be a budget friendly addition to your re-model. Contact Select Floors today for your free in-home estimate!
Zippity (for iPhone)
We're workin' for the weekend! Come have a taste Saturday Rock The Block in Bedford Sq. & Sunday at !
1 more exam for the day
29'ers are my bikes with bigger wheels than most. 29 = hip, cool, etc
Steer clear. These puppies are E-vil.
lol thats funny. I hit one last week that still has me shaking.
#CMS a-ha moment when they realized that #MarkLogic can handle both structured and unstructured data.
(: just talked too chris.
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits
Commerce will change more in the next 2 years than it has previously in our lifetime via
I love talking to him and I love him talking to me. He makes every day seem a little better and puts a smile on my face, instantly.
#ThingsThatMakeMeLOL when someone poots during an awkward silence in class
Where are your most valuable reviews? Third party is wider (consider relevant platforms). Search sites get traffic & rank directly.
Thinks my best friend should come home now. Me and have had too much time apart from you! 💔😘
yeah, that's not an easy thing to do. If I had that mastered, I'd probably be one of the wealthiest people on the planet!
My man MCA has a beard like a billy goat, ooh ooh
True story, lol.
I would. But I don't have ur number
lmfao I just did that two. but something else.... it was weird.....
"Ya blink when you breathe and you breathe when you lie. You blink when you lie."
DOWNTOWN #DALLAS IS SOO BEAUTIFUL
heidy last time i checked your number was not on my fone.. Well naw it wont happen foo'
Makes me sad seeing couples together :( I miss
Rachel, you don't stop. Every day you seem to be in a different city. And FYI, you're by far the cutest woman on espn.
Damn im tired
i like how you can keep on tweeting and act like i aint mention you !
They are yummy. Got mine from
Okaay , Your Telling Me This Because . .?????
Wow #orioles win again. Magic?
says the guy that got slept...how does it feel to be demoted to little brother?
"All I gota say" is a throwback! I like what you did to swagger nice beat I sent you too! I got more heat I'm bout to send!
You're welcome!
I am lovin the Movie "Thinner"!
I am grateful for everything, I stay in an attitude of gratitude.
They said she was the ace!
Yes so good RT : Have you had Dogfish Head Punkin beer? Its one of my boyfriends favorite fall beers!
follow me back?(:
I'm fine thank u! I hope u r doing well too :) Kisses to u .. Love u so much !!
Do you think we'll be in love forever ?
Just when u thought #DC cabs couldn't be any worse, their fare hike went into effect this wk: $1.50 to $2.16/mi. Washington is broken y'all!
we need to plan a spa weekend somewhere fabulous this August to celebrate our 2 yr anniversary. Tahoe in honor of ?
sorry i missed you when i was there! next time?
Last workout with Patty before Punta Cana...
Do you know anyone pregnant looking to take maternity/family pictures? Send them our way. We pay for referrals so make some $$ off them.
but is it seasoned properly?!
Remembering the joys of Hypercolor shirts on Zack Morris Cell Phone: www.zackmorriscellphone.wordpress.com
Still working on #RealGangster.com and I wondering if anyone wants to appear on teh site as a feature article? Thanks in advance.
Season 2 of SAXAppeal starting soon!
lol gonna text both numbers Idk which is which...
Just Ask Me The Damn Question.. It's Already Obvious What You Tryna Say.
and I are going to develop the digital portfolios idea to bring to GFS. Can you help us make it happen ?
im at penn station im eatin with u shortly dont get mad
Hilarious watchin kids playin bball at the jc tryin to take it to the rim on
Getting a headache
She is pretty in person but was expecting her to wear something more whimsical
i would be so HAPPY :D :)ILYShawty<3
yeah it was. I have not heard of altitude, although, I'm a little over my situational horror movie lust
Got my highest bowling score ever in Luxembourg...that's something right???
New release is available. No version change, but some updated examples are included with the zip.
Without love, the rich and poor live in the same house.
Shoutout to for her Bday! Huge music scene support, overall awesome person. Stokes for next Sat!
as we also noticed by the a lane wide bank drive throughs.....
": Barbers should only use clippers on women, then." As a barber this is crazy! More and more women come in these days too! Ugg
welcome aboard!
I wish that would be awesome :)
Thanks for the invite. Will come if I can. All the best!
if she is currently researching/ writing, and what is the topic?
Sitting next to Manny Acta at the game. He's rockin a mean fedora!
Add to your amazing list the word "theremin" which will get you a follow from a theremin superstore.
About to shoot some hoops with my boy
Indeed she is. It makes me crazy that she made it through. Hopefully this will be the end of it.
yah man ill check it out fer sher did you check mine too? I hit you with a follow so hit me back with one :)
That's right. We turned the heat on.
Everybody Follow :) he is the next big thing!!!!!
White beater with the denim
Has any1 ever told u something & u can hear that thought or phrase verbatim frm some1 elses mouth? Y r people so easily influenced by tards?
Oh.. I didn't know he died.. already.. :/ I'm really sorry to hear that. :( and yet, this post amuses me a lot, lol..
Was anyone else feeling that it was a slow day of interesting things on the internet?
happy b day 2 Ur dad and to u in 5 days lop
if you have time, pop into Magic Morning Bakery on 16th street and buy a smiley-face cookie
Perfect Saturday night for a casual gig with a rocking blues band at a dark pub. Too bad I don't have one!
#NowPlaying Here to Stay by Love! <3
Im A Zoe.
Don't cry over the past, it's gone. Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present and make it beautiful.
pussy does not run everything...i run pussy...lol
You can always become the person you would have liked to be.
When my twitter app doesn't work <<<
Hey nicki!! You're amazing :} ILY
Canseco fouls out, but Phillips scores. Higuera a bit wild, walks 3 in the inning and is lucky to escape with 1 run. 4-3 Brewers.
Going to try leaving Twitter open on my desktop at work today on the off chance I'll remember to update it.
Don't restrict yourself. Lots of people limit themselves to what they think they could do. You could go as far as your brain lets you.
Okies I shall wait for you. <3
#UWCU website down? Slightly disconcerting...
I'm always amused by 's "One of these people looked at your profile... we won't say who, but you can probably guess.."
best softball team ever!!!
LOL your supost to but myy mom speakes it keely i dont know y she just didnt spell it like that in stead ok kealy
My daughter can tell I've been driving my car by the circle of sweat in the middle of my back.
Posting to Twitter a message of ambiguous meaning.
My wife and I will be at 2 shows at Hilarities in Cleveland...its our 21st wedding anniversary that weekend...we both love you!
setup go ok?
Sounds good. Let's aim at that goal.
Shut up Megan don't say all that to her!
I know I heard it also!
the hannah montana movie is on yussssssssssssssssssss
Why Scarlett Johansson Is So Sexy? Damn It I Wanna F*ck Her! Ryan Reynolds What Happened??
#YouKnowYouGotSomebodyMadWhen they ignore your phone calls.
Lights in this gym keep turning off
Watching The Stepfather! What do you think about the movie? Have you already seen it?
thanks man! we hope to finish an album by the end of the year
And our Spring Special airs again at 11a locally on ... Featuring Keith Wenning, Willie Snead, Jamil Smith.
#collegeology amazing work.
You are loved.....therefore, go forth & love boldly.
can't believe you didn't wait for us and went to south location even though I told you only one I knew was north! :-)
Merry Cruzmas!! let's keep it up!
thanks for the follow back and God bless...
Yeah #jackplotnick is super awesome!
U Already Kno I Need My Copy Brotha!!!
^-^ I'd literally look up to you. I'm 5" XD
But WHAT are they?!
Dude, what's your Facebook link? Let's stay in touch.
ALL #Orioles related tweets today should include #packtheyard. See you tonight at OPACY! (Pickles Pub first though)
Doors open @ 6:30 @ LIVESTRONG, parking in Lot D - we're planning on heading out from here 6-6:15ish - see you there?
r u gonna join BTR at their tour?!?!
Girls Night out Amendment, woo hoo!!
I didn't know Peyton & Eli are brothers... Did you?
Have another great weekend MKE!
O we take Trent/Alshon. D we take Upshaw/Ingram & I'm happy. If not we trade down to get Barron/OL late in 1st & picks. Thoughts?
IDK if they're playing warped I meant ECL is playing the
Snow flurries in March? Warm up with a cup of coffee from #Zipsters get $1 off any large beverage
I can't DM you - you are not following me. :-( Plz follow and I will send email addresses. Thx!
If it's happened before, what makes you honestly think it wouldn't happen again?
First things first.
"Everything's coming up our noses!"
You're beautiful, don't let anyone tell you you're not
“: Made day 2 with 838k, should be a top 10% stack. Return at 2pm pt. Here we go!” <~good luck!
Berryessa Brew Co's Nightshade rye ale on tap at Dads Kitchen in Sac.
Um...I think I'm addicted to being on 9gag. #nogood lol
those damn hypocrites also tell kids not to drink!
Catch our last performance of the Diamond Eater @ the Play Room Theater with a great cast, directed by Robert Kaflin.
birthday on tuesday tho ... fck w. me
Work it girl!
you weren't saying that about john wall last year.
Steinem: show me one thing that is not profoundly transformed by including everybody.
jersey, jersey, jersey.
how many points did you have Gage? Lmao we would have done good if Logan didn't shoot the ball from halfcourt every damn time
ARE YOU HEARING THIS!? B&R leaked and is streaming on iTunes. Where are you on this?!!?!?!
ha, you know it. It's been that kind of Padre season too, makes you miss your Madre. LOL
This is really bad lol.You really should try to sleep!
Going to sleep.
Steve Dahl may not be a fan of disco but you can bet he loves See him recommend Davanti on this Friday's new episode..
Britney Spears confirmed as a judged on the XFactor....NOW that's gonna be good!!!!
This little kid on the piano has some talent, won't even lie
Why am I still up...
thank you!! eBay 😉
Interview...done! Whew
Intimately revisiting financial year 2010, in which I would have saved a huge amount of money if I had been legally married. Just sayin.
I Miss Neds Declassified School Survival Guide :(
How to love?
Absolutely! Shipping is the only thing to be a little different!
This weather in DC is really beautiful today. I am really enjoying it...
why what did they ask you?
go to bed “: The beers domestic, girl foreign.”
What a great Sunday Morning!
Please go to kickstarter and look at my book project please my twitter and Fb family I need ur support to get it publish
Unique turned it on Glee tonight....
just killed it at Chuggin Monkey
Guess they didn't have "Will & Grace" in North Carolina.
Vegas!!!! RT : My hubby & i are trying to decide if we should go to Vegas or LA for my bday. Decisions, decisions...
im in Chicago sadly. But I did wanna go
I got a ticket last night for minor drunk in public 😒
I used to be one of the others...until you taught me! :)
Is there really any reason to not go to #Paris? I can't for the life of me think of one...
Snap. 30 of the 50 seats have been snapped up already.
Every problem has a solution.
We are happy that we have a fan in the lobby :)
Thanks for the follow!
I hate it when people read over my shoulder...annoying!
I don't give a shit about super 8
Wow, i'm sorry but the Harold & Kumar movies are actually badass haha
Damn you !!! You best be bringing me Raider's tears.
Hanging with the McNally Smith peoples tonight at SXSW...love Minneapolis.
Theres so many things I want to yell at you right now but Im keeping my mouth shut
My first beer pressure was reading Cannery Row for that graduate Steinbeck class I took.
Good things come to those who Dub.
Getting started on our tour of Canada. First stop, Festival Couleurs du Monde in Quebec! Stay tuned for updates...
How am I suppose to take a nap when ps I love you is on!!!!
how can tay and I give you guys money to get some tanks! Lemme know! You guys come play in Nashville !!!
I'm assuming they decided to end early this semester because of finals, but I don't know
Holding back on MOST of my words. Idont want to be in trouble tonight
My totem is the roadrunner. Saw one early this morning. Of course, it made for an awesome day in Taos.
Hey BO!
“: did u get the pics”on my way now I had fell asleep
“: I just liked the faith versus sausage conundrum that really could only happen in Milwaukee.”---true that
im tellin you man. i goto starbucks every morning myself. they know me. its a drug. a good drug so its all good
I haven't gotten up earlier than 7 in like a week
yeaah!:) would have liked to have seen more of Rizzle Kicks though!
Interview at Mot but didn't get it. Frustrated with Engineering!
invisible touch?
Tip of the hat to tonight heck of a game! Played hard to the last buzzer that's all we ask..this kid is a joy to watch!
Did you know...the AF provided more than $400 million in research grants to more than 2,200 researches since its inception in 1948
Take a walk or a run, it's good for the heart & the buns ;)
Are any of you going to #Bonaroo this summer? Have you seen the lineup yet? It's out, ya know! And, I must say it is quite impressive ~LA
Hope you're sleeping tight. When you wake up, please check out our prayer app ==> birdofprayer.org thanks
#3WordsOfAdvice Hit the Ball
it was against UTEP, shouldn't there be an asterisk or something?
I love that Tim Brewster is the sideline reporter for
lmfao that wasn't aimed towards you! Some freshman was dressed like she belonged in alaska
Craving a cookie after seeing how I met your mother
Enjoying #webcamp2011 really relaxed and friendly group of professionals, and looking forward to sessions!
PRACTiCE WHAT YOU PREACH
So, I confronted her...& yes, ended up debating about abortion. It was pretty civil & I think she was shocked some1 finally stood up 2 her.
We will never stop supporting. Even when the world ends<3
are you by chance midnight riding the marathon tonight?
Feeling a little scandy tonight, hm.
Bad decisions make THE best stories.
selfish people disgust me.
gotcha! well why don't you donate everything? :)
Come on! It will melt right away...
Bout to rock an effin sho!!!! Found my center, given a reason to keep on movin!!!!
#thursdaytip When abroad, act like a local. Read up on the culture of your destination so you don't offend any of the locals :)
Up too early for a Monday.
Boy meets world is where it's at:)
#DearWhitney When I was a teenager I saw an amazing woman conquer the world. Who else can compare? I will miss you. ~ Sherleen
You are very welcome. Hope to add value to your day with my posts. Warning. I post about the hospitality industry...alot!
hm...may have to try... working on eliminating
“I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.” unknown
i think all this studying is getting to you. maybe you should go to bed now
aye what's good
Are you participating in your corporate culture or letting it happen?
I have to say that has the best use of the Facebook cover image ever.
i maintain my big ass so more people could kiss it.
I never thought one bad thing happens to fall into the most amazing thing that could ever be...
with who call me now
Why do consumers get so jazzed up about #SuperBowl ads? My opinion - quality.
RT : Live on the House floor Senator just called for the other House members to vote for the amended...
I need to get some friends!!! :p
Really want to go to california in the summer time
Aubrey O'Day reminds me of Christina Aguilera...and not in a good way.
woohoo have fun and enjoy!!!
glad its over! A distraction for the #titans who still have important FA work to do.
by this time tomorrow, Mark Zuckerberg will be worth 7 times more than Oprah.
(TN) RESIDENTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today.....
Thanks, Todd! RT : I gave +K about Interior Design on
Butt sex... I like that shit
just about ready for #SportingKC to kick off against the Montreal
the only thing is her. That's the only thing on his mind
The takeover on sponsored by Room101 Fort Wayne's ONLY young adult night club!
Hi Timothy, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
I am LIVING for and LOVING on the #DragRace Reunion! Never "RuPaulogize" for being you!
Have you visited our booth at #SHRM11 yet? Stop by to find out why we are your opportunity university!
of course...we will be open as long as we need to be...but at least until 3 am
Who needs antidepressant's when you have Bob Marley. Thanks Dropbox Gang!
you always feel like your pissing everyone off when your that kid
Jk I don't litter
RT : Lindbergh's flight from San Diego to NY was in prep for historic solo transatlantic flight to Paris. He departs May 20,...
Too funny and the kids made it funnier!
Save money by lowering your postal rates. Please call us at (505) 899-3104 for information on how you can get started today.
leaving the Sewage Treatment State and headin' off to the Hoosier State for the week!
This sucks...
Hey Lisa, this is my 'official' twitter account. Great working with you tonight!
should be on a Pepsi commercial....
Still using a handbook from the 90s? Don't neglect your company's documents; ScribeModerne will bring them into the 21st century!
Don't follow me. Follow this for me . I'm the one following for her.
“: enjoying this first day! #pdxdms Cool. It gets harder! :)
enjoying your new bling?
yea I left in the middle of her openin them
...the very best one yet! my #athomepeeps tell me i say that every year, but every year its true!
What can we say, we have a floor made of mattress!
thanks NOLA for supporting my music!
Opening set by DJ ES of AZ PartyLife and AZ's #1 DJ J.ALAN rocking the decks THURSDAY at SUEDE Lounge in Old Town Scottsdale .
when someone just won't take a hint. -____-
Wishing during winter Hank felt as lazy as I do. Headed to dog park to tire this punk out! & yeah actually do something related to exercise
#incaseyoudidntknow, I'll never tell you what's wrong.
#NowPlaying Lykke Li – I'm Good, I'm Gone - Black Kids Remix : and it just started snowing outside :] <3
Kim Kardashian being banned from television.
I think he's gonna ask u out
Get a account, you'll love it! But beware...it's very addictive! :)
I miss your kisses.
REALLY? That IS bizarre (even though I haven't read it ... ).
OH MY GOD. GREATEST. EVER.
i had my UA cd in my radio and tell me why 4 letter word was playing!?:)
RT ‘Miss Fairfax’s compliments and thanks, but is quite un- equal to any exercise
False. UMass could have kept up. Haha, just kidding
Ravens welcome by 20,000 plus fans for practice today. Join me for some Maryland crab cakes and steamed crabs, cole slaw, and ice cold .....
If anyone in Atlanta needs any tree removal or prunning please give me a call thanks, Jeff Beeler Trees 770-310-4650
Happy Monday!! Hope you have a fantastic week!! :)
Can't have an amplifier without a permit.
“: S/O to the new followers and !!!” coolest people you'll ever meet!
so y'all came to the gym to take pictures of you and your fat friend "working out" huh
go see it! it was super-fun, well-done, and lots of fun horror movie references (I don't want to give stuff away).
happy birthday!! ❤
I applaud that decision on a personal level, but as televised entertainment, it's great fun. Glad you liked it.
Haha, I've had a few people send me that. I must be pretty predictable, LOL! Now I just need someone to MAKE them for me! :)
Hello Tweethearts! Starting at 9am, text SWEET to 55800 for a FREE Gift!
Yes Sir Im about to be stooopid fresh!! i just another buy 1 get 1 free deal in my email that means so more Bobby Fresh
Now watching video girls
BTW you can also reach me at MatthewDNYC,com
Some people get wake up calls and fall right back to sleep.
#TribeFest begins and is so excited to be here!! Thunder-sticks galore!!!!
I wish you were in the show
who i am. hubby excepts it cuz hes a man. yalls video is totally kickin! i added it as a fav.. where yall from
it's a great town!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe To Take Life For What Its Worth!
yeaahhh, some people call it runyon. i call it walkyon.
uhm... my theatre teacher just caught me and told me to get off of twitter. BYE GUYS I LOVE JEWWW <3 <3
I just did like 20 assignments for english ugh
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon #soccer sayings: Look Wide
an ik u always will! Ur my bffl (best friend for life). Lol im sure u could have figured that out tho.
Team Focused on myself. $$$
A great big salute to !!!!! #ExtremeRules #WWE YOU DID IT!! :-)
N ur Inspirational Words & Deeds - To All Fam - Keep Pushin' Hard! U can as long as u Keep HIM w/ U "LL&P" "M"
Necklaces possible choices charms including companiesBridal- charms for necklaces
since you gave up fb for lent.
Ridiculous right-grab contracts equate to few reviews. Hopefully soon to be none at all. Except for the newbie that will sign them.
you already know! Friends/Family discount! We going to stay at the The Havens Penthouse!
Whenever someone says "so it seems" I briefly think they're making a tailoring joke.
Starting my rainy day with a veggie juice and a ballet barre class. I'm feeling so good about this!
The kid and I totally just Lady and the Tramped some spaghetti.
Two rules for success in poker: 1) Never tell everything you know. 2)
On our way to columbous and my aunt gets pulled over for being to close to the vehicle in front of her
GM I LOVE UR PART N "5 O'CLOCK" N MY FAVORITE SONG OF URS IS "THE RACE"
Won't happen
GOOD MORNING :-D
my mom hasnt replied but my dad said he should be able to give me a ride over later
If the Final Four is Prom then the #NIT is..... Sadie Hawkins??? Whatever, we're still dancing
I'm still a fan of the "Halal Halal" marketing angle
That morning Grind!!!
Who going to RIO
I need a personal trainer
coo ill just send u an edit of what u post soexcited u can consider it :D
love everybody, make up your mind, wake up and FIGHT.
Hello, Good Morning
Have you been back to NY recently?
I may or may not have tweeted that because of your cool picture... Haha I just might!
My dad is a fucking dick!I don't even live with the dude & gets mad cause I'm not home. My mom should be the one tripping.
they are what u make'em, I've had tons lol, I move to much
Love your style...
ya he is very tall and white
Sometimes God closes a door even when we're walking in obedience, but it's only because He has something better in store.
Thankful for that core group of God fearing women that have pulled me threw the storm. #godisgood #I'mblessed
Happy Birthday, Lynn!
Hmm, who would have thunk that #Canada was still a UK commonwealth? I did, of course... but did you?!
So I'm waiting for shit to print so I can do my project for gym. The status window says "Spooling LPR job, 12%" wtf does that mean?
I heard that your gluteus maximus is such a huge muscle group that if u get that toned your metabolism will increase
Was wondering that as well RT : Does Baylor Nation really exist? RT What does #baylornation want me to do?
saw the new wing last night, Wow! If you're near Gainesville I highly recommend a visit.
At a bar, huh? Celebrating, or consoling yourself? :P Celebrate! I bought your EP today! :)
how are you today Danielle!? Is Liam coming home? You have to be so excited! <3
filming some news segments, recording sessions and running around like a crazy person. It should be a fun little Tuesday.
Stick tight for a bunch of cool shit from us soon. :)
THANKS! I miss you!
St. Paul PD: Man shot on I35E Southbound this morning. Now at Regions Hospital.
do you mean otter box? Lol
“There's no half-singing in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera diva.”
American politics sucks, so if you aren't working to improve it, could you be stuck in one of the five stages of grief? Denial perhaps?
#GhettoCrayolaColors cant afford blinds sunshine yellow
I want to ask you, as clearly as I can, to bear with patience all that is unresolved in your heart...
I have a terrific day 1 kindergarten assessment. I watch to see which can identify their own name tags
Happy National Volunteer Appreciation Week! We are so grateful for all of our volunteers!
Any of my tweeps ever write a book and have it published?
My brother: Doughty had really good form on that tackle. HAHA!
Time to go get something delicious to eat...I'm thinking Olive Garden should do the trick!!!
that movie is wonderful! I love the part where Lucy gets all the jam.
Beyond exhausting day. Off to dream land...
Just signed up to be a part of the new Monterey Bay CSF community supported fishery I'm so excited!
way to go! Nice run - can't wait to see race day!
RT : #TwoThingsIWant the end of pain and suffering for all sentient beings.
- stop eating
sectional to night at 7:45, see ya then :-)
Very compelling question in this morning's training: "How do you want this to end?". Think about your legacy. What mark will you make?
Dueling pianos! @ Gibliano Brothers
I could clean the house, cook a meal, weed the garden and mow the lawn, and STILL not be as tired as I am from doing copy edits all day!
I cannot stop smiling.
Real quick before I hit the sack uhh...
Oh my gosh I was shocked and my fiancee thought it was hilarous!
Face down ×
'Nite Tony! Great Chats! RT : Alrighty well has some work to do. It was great joining you all today!
Thanks Dianna! So glad we are making actors feel better---that's what it's all about! Thanks for the support.
It's gone. Idk how I always misplace my retainers... It's not like I leave the house with them
RT : RT : How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. Anne Frank
I love the post yoga love feeling. It makes me feel cuddly inside.
Two pitiful passes to start the game by Teague. Tebow has made better
Hey, Thanks for the follow. Cheers!
personally, I thought the commerce clause would have covered this. but many constitutional analyst at the trial..
My red almost gone =(
Workin like a gerkin. Too early.
That announcement happened 10 minutes after switcing my flight from #SXSW to Monday afternoon. Epic #fail if there ever was one.
oh wow! So sorry to hear.
Ah good old Budweiser.
Did you know you can use your HSA card for services at our spa?
Spot on!. RT Part of the problem is that we dont communicate what good performance looks like
Yay!!! Auditions and Callbacks! I love it!!
Join us for trivia with DJ Joanie B. tonight at 9:30pm. Find out if you're smarter than the average drinker
Pulling out a pack of gum in school is like pulling out crack in a rehab centre.
New #cinemapocalypse will debut tonight. We review #Lockout, , and #3Stooges. Listen and share.
this is my uncle (he is my real uncle) Hi uncle Peter :D
Homework sucks
It upsets me to see some kids squander the opportunity to receive an education that so many of our people fought for.
Why don't you hop off their dick already
yes I know
Im starving!!
I'm not a complete idiot -- Some parts are just missing
I want to crash RT 12 days until #NYC and seeing with for the blog...Not to mention
prepare for a picture with a caption that says, "HEY BABY, HAVE YOU EVER SEEN ONE THAT LOOKS LIKE THIS?!"
Thanks! What do you do?
What about Utah?
Sent you a bunch of records a couple of weeks ago. The return giftage is *incredibly* gracious. My heart is soaring! Zoinks! WOW XO
I'm Too #BLESSED To Be
Hey everyone. Please check out this great band we saw em in concerent and they r amazing! they opened for jb on his american tour!
sup? CoBE has been talking about goals, need more ideas guys like you
Eep - my bad; fixed! Thanks!
a lil bit. I coughed up a lot. Yuck!! throat is still sore but I'm drinking tea w honey. I wish I was off & NOT sick.
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
Ha! Yeah, Emily Frye did that today. I was like "Lol, come at me bitch."
Ready, Steady, Go is the best theme song of all time. It feels like a party in my soul.
I'm not big on #FF, but check out and her companion blog. She's a good friend of mine, an amazing writer, and oh, brilliant.
took a much needed nap
Baseball players are tough, especially the Cardinals this season. Still a #Dodgers fan, but major respect to the
This Some Bullshit <<<<<
#PSA: If you have an annoying ringtone/alert sound, either answer your damn phone or don't have the sound on at the office
I love you.
ugh I agree the closest Nando's is in Washington
tonight at 7!!
thanks for following!
"Funny How time Flies" is playing on the Quiet Storm as we celebrat jante Jackson's birthday today on WTLC
I love myself . . .watching True Grit (John Wayne version) for the millionth time!
Don't announce to Face book all your personal problems, then get upset when people comment on it.
Fans remember! #bodyofproof #goingviral Part II on after #dwts ! Who will survive?!
My whole life man is really music, through my bass line I'm living through it.
lmao good morning
Can't connect to the ttu web. You only connect once.
rite! Me too :D
I don't like the new Facebook profile thingy either! Its confusing and ugly!
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. William James
Success - Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.
I should have guessed that. xD I didn't know I was following him already. o.o
First up for Cit. Com. is Davey Trees rep. arguing against AE awarding line-clearing contract to Asplundh.
Foredoomed to failure
That's awesome. Glad you liked it :-) shoot me your email for a free track
Sounds good. See you out there. Thanks ;-)
Remember to vote this weekend if you haven't already!
4-0 now? How the F do you give up 4 runs to that piece of crap team? SMH
Impromptu #Brewers game!
Loved seeing your name all over the Isthmus Dining. Kept a copy handy for when we simply cannot decide where to eat. :)
" Remember the Alamo ! " was a rallying cry once upon a time, but Who remembers 'Nam ? The Draft ? A condemned boomer generation ? Muhammad
Well hopefully the remedies the magic potion center gave you will make you feel better!
official peanut butter of the ? [bubble floating above my head pops]. maybe some day.
Dying my hair tonight & getting my nails done tomorrow. eeeep! :)
R.I.P. Dr. Ferenc Szasz, historian, writer, teacher, and intellectual extraordinaire
you know how it goes down! I noticed ;)
don't get ahead of yourself. You know better than that.
Respect your elders.
It's chillin' time :)
Fuck. Seriously, someone go hit Hosmer with a truck. It's that kind of year.
I only say Flynn because Scrubs is my favorite show ever.
follow before she commits!2
thanks Ryan!
Hell yes i will!
happy bday Andy!! ❤
American idol tonight:-) :-)
Tell All your friends to "like" our page. We are doing another give away.
Our section at the #Brewers game is like being in the heart of Dirty Stallis...
made my year!
No Mr Trump, Don't make the hulk angry, you wouldn't like him when he's angry. #CelebApprentice #hegave110%
Morn'in IRIS!!!!
-_- no when did they send it
It's Friday! Who's been #Spooning on the beta? Let us know what you do this weekend by dropping a Spot on the map
Many women who think they have purchased a dress for a ridiculous price, have actually bought it for an absurd figure
Oh wait! Apparently some people in this area did see #aurora! I thought it was only further west...
Had a good day... coffee w Mr man and then hung w my lorshi
demographics and polling show GOP on wrong side of trends for the two issues you mention.
If ur trusting Jesus,it's ALL working out for your good! All of it!The good, the bad!Remember that! God Bless!
": New job is in the works. Excited for my future. #GrowingUp" hellzyeah! Excited for you!
Great customer service will help you sell beats online. It's one of the core factors of any beat selling company, and many don't do it right
Even if they're the smelliest, ugliest, poorest person, there is still love
fat meat IS greasy. :) That's another to add to list. Nice job on MSNBC.
Wow that's the worst judging I've ever seen!!
"I think I've been hanging out with girls too much." Sam, 12.
Join me Baby J & right now at O'Reilly Auto Parts - 2400 Fredericksburg Rd to win $10 gift cards plus check out the great specials!
Sings off key...always N forever to ...u have no ideal how to count how many times the volume went low and ya videos played ..;-)
i had a conversation recently with about a wedding in Eureka Springs!
Sounds like my house! Hope they get some sleep. Then you do.
IT nine in the afternoon, and your eyes are the size of the moon
Late start due to Purdue game...head pn over to Britton now!!! Come dance with us!!!
The beauty of #SeeSaw is that it follows the hashtag so you were picked up even while you were doing other things.
I love this scene
I hate throwing bitch fits
Sounds scary.“: Standing in the hall to charge phone. Half people are friendly, half not. Almost a sin to say hi. #coleg”
Awesome response to Weekly tracking reports >50% opens!!...
-- Fabulous? I agree at each glance I take at you. Forgive me for staring but you're a jewel in the desert
MLB has nothing to do with the award. It is the Baseball writers. Let the appeal process finish then call him whatever you want.
On ESPN NFL draft coverage ... Bill Polian looks like he could use a 5 hour energy drink.
See you in nine days #America! Off to #Brazil for #springbreak :)
When my headphones go in, my life is automatically a music video.
No one knows! It vanishes from the record after late 1916 or so. Probably sold for scrap.
ROFL, If you want to be the one to say that on the tape, Be my guest.
Why is everyone changing their twitter name to yolo ?
Google maps car spotted heading North on 99 near Sac. Finally got to see it in action.
SO glad you stopped by! What did you get? RT : Having some for the first time in so LONG!!!!
Finished tracks for Access Hollywood today now to sign contract and send them off thanks to my co-writers and to for the help!
oh my word - permission inheritance and OG and roles
I hate to say it but I'm the reason they put child protection on medicine bottles. Note to self: check the label before operating machinery.
Lastly when you decide to do so, make sure you are 100% ready! :) good luck and congratulations
WHAT IN THE HOLY NAME OF ST RAMONA SINGER WAS HE THINKING?!
I will need a no spam contract, a notarized birth cert.& sample of what constitutes "chat" just kidding already do
RT Just reported a hazard on I- 270 S, using Waze - Drive Social
Two hands Punto.
Picking winners for the 5 Best Buy gift cards today from the HDMI cable survey.
We have them here in Indiana at the Rural King, LOL!!!
Great morning, Lisa! Give my children hugs & kisses for me. Love you much.
is this really a good idea? RT Attempting to do homemade sushi.
"eat you like a mango"
stores or games?
just got out the shower feeling fresh. aha. *looking in the mirror* Hello sexy. lol
when is or was your spring break?
Thank you man - can't wait to share it!
Call me
Free parking in the Smart Park tonight if you enter between 4&6 and leave by 8pm! To celebrate, all non-red tag clothing is 15% today only!
God, her voice is so fucking annoying. If Juliet Simms wins this competition, I'm gonna be pissed.
#HappyValentinesDay hope u guys have a great day of love cuz i know i will! <3
NBC is canceling 30 Rock, Parks and Rec and Community? Between Conan and this, they're going after the coveted 'non-existent' demographic.
The beta test is now full. Thanks to all that signed up to help out.
Yes, Pinterest here we come !
And then there's vintage Retrogurt, not for the faint of heart.
Um can I assume from what we were speaking of I should get an Underbust corset?
Congrats Dustin! Awesome group. ": Honored to be reelected Chairman of the Miramar Ranch North Planning Committee tonight!"
RT I use to mix instrumentals with acapellas when I was a youngin then I wanted to make beats cause I didn't have many ...
Richardson is actually playing tonight eh?
Who cuts their grass at 11 at night? -__-
's car and the curb have a love hate relationship. Mostly love doe
The account was loving brought to you by He may be available for hire for your conference too!
Thanks so much for the great review & interview!!
The Winning Ticket: Lisa Hannigan
Trying to learn more about Twitter
work it out, Will! You're fightin' the good fight!
?Less sightings or less evidence in Canada? Can't be the colder temps.
Cultus ChiChi is now on Twitter! YAY! :) check us out www.cultuschichi.us
#What2ChainzWouldSay had a bitch named Alexus fucked the bitch in a Lexus, 2 Chainz now 1 chain cause the bitch stole my necklace!! Truuuuu
Currently missing 's rutabaga, green bean casserole, spiced carrots, mashed spuds, and special vegetarian chestnut stuffing.
Setting a goal is not the main thing. It is deciding how you will go about achieving it and staying with that plan. -Tom Landry
One time for my homie, the crazy German chef from Fritz and Franz.
I'm Emily:)
Going to the Avett Brothers concert tonight. So excited!
I know, it's stupid.
my love for you was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me.
Note to self: when walking from car to pay for gas, don't assume cars will slow down. To the woman who almost hit me this a.m., really?
I highly recommend pilates, been doing it for 5 years and i'm strong!
In other words, I'm giving them a ton of credit and think they've definitely earned what they've achieved.
Here now, but mtgs all weekend. See what I can do. Lunch/coffee on Mon might work. Or bfast Tue before I head to SFO mid-morning.
My phone says it cannot send text messages because it doesn't know my phone number.
I left cause I need someone who makes time for me
crashing or buying?
Last there hours been a freaking headache
Your link isn't working, so now all i want to do is see this video. Ugh.
Isn't a Jihad the same thing as a Crusade? Wonder why Christians stopped but Muslims continue...forever?
Yet again blazer tix up for grabs !! I have a party to go to this time or I'd go some one make me an offer!!!!!!!! Please
Our Dia de los Ninos event is in full swing! If you're not here, well... where are you? You're missing out!
Googling "secret island only for rich people" yields unsatisfactory results.
I just wanted to wish my amazing cousin the happiest birthday<3 Sweet 16!!! Love you xoxo.
You are an amateur radio enthusiast? Can you connect to the Internet and web with ham radios and a computer?
Girls who change their minds everyday, and lads are dicks?
Either something's goofy w/ this linkedin app or I've ignored some of these invites for over a year. If the latter? Apologies. Big time.
What's happening, opera world?
