I received a $25 gift card to McDonald's from an instructor whose class I monitor on Saturdays. The thing is I don't eat fast food...(CONT)
Be Sure & Tune in to today from 3-4pm PST... Bringing you the dopest tracks to medicate to...
"I slept at my boyfriend's house yesterday, mom." - my mom . . . "OH U SHREEP AT FWIEND'S HOUSE? OKAY.
description now
Second pass by the Mall! #spottheshuttle even closer! I think I want to cry.
yeah. I heard.
Thanks for following! Please stay tuned for new collections!
This game disgust me.
Yea, I believe it ended on the 23rd.
good night :)
RT : Best of both worlds :) [-] A two-fer--good on ya!
Just discovered that Ron Paul is an advocate for raw milk. Had no idea!
Will today be YOUR Day?
Rainy days make that morning cup of coffee taste extra good :)
lol and i would! you can just call me the postman!
Its gonna be pretty hard for another sunday to be as depressing as this one
Great changes may not happen right away, but with effort even the difficult may become easy. Bill Blackman
Me too. RT Attending the Amigos Online Conf: Plotting Futures!
Ha - actually that was unintentional. But yes.
I know I am(; LOL.
Fuck it. New chapter
Reading "The Greatest Miracle in the World" by OG Mandino--
that's so cool! I want to go to school for photography, but I've only taken a semester high school class. But I love it.
Follow for more Water Music Info
Just fired up the grill on the RiverWalk for Brat/Hot Dog Fry! Join us for lunch 11:30a-1p. 100% of proceeds go to
can't wait to devour that wine bottle wit yaa
Did you find out before or after you took it in and named it?
When it rains, it pours. Last week to be social before I delve into work-a-holicism for a while... actually already there.
Perfect. will come find you.
i know... it's just funny because I used to say the same thing to all of my friends
I gotta say, if you haven't sung You Are Worthy (Eddie James) arr by , you're missing out. Amazing! Prism Music publishes it.
So according to the transitive property of Taco Bell, home plate is the pot of gold and Rickie Weeks is the unicorn.
The team just shutdown Sunglasses Forum!!! Catch us the tomorrow performing.
MARY BROWN: Modernity meets antiquity: Philadelphia Classical Society's ... - Main Line
aww sorry to hear about that. just ignore them u are great dont give in :)
$10 for $20 worth of Authentic Japanese Cuisine at Momoyama Sushi in Henderson, Nevada.
hit us up when you're ready to do your video. Facebook page Swag my video.com www.SwagMyVideo.com
Went to see War Horse last night. Thought it tipped too far to the sappy side. Want to see Mission Impossible.
I gotta take care of this sf feeling
Snakebites and re-dying my hair blue... :3 YAY! :D
Happy Birthday, Queen !
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
Now quick headbutt.
I think my favorite part of last night was the tattoo show and tell. I can't wait until our generation rules the world.
Lol am I the only one who has met the BOYZ in pajamas?? Hahahaha
Todays been a day full of new adventures
Going to his daughter lax game 2day if u wanna come w.
the plans are all in motion to go back to college in the fall.... so excited!
You havent missed it yet! It's TONIGHT!!!
Define a serious offer.
My mom told me that if i wanted to dance i would have to find someone to teach me 1 on 1 wbu?? #InMyDreams Indiana sucks!
At Billy Bobs, waiting for y'all to start playing ;)
dude that guy in the blue shirt is my Pastor!!! $$$
Finally relaxing after a long day....
#BestFeelingEver clean lobes.
You definitely have no life
lol! Always good as well. I don't know who that was even for, but I so enjoy being the #spellingpolice :-)
The ones who don't believe in love, just haven't experienced it yet.
Kaylyn ( Black ) Coming Over (: MissEm' So Much !.
I'm thinking the Broncos will be shopping the waiver wire hard for Defensive Line help, one man's trash is another's treasure...
time to finish up playing Call of Duty World at War...as soon as i get off work...today Gamer Tag on 360-XDuke72 get @ me!
What's your idea? Let us share it. Arkenbrand.
that, my friend, is vanilla from my head. Hehe.
I hate when girls try to look perfect!! Doesnt imperfection equal beauty? :/
I am really pumped, what do u think about the DH situation? I think they need another lefty reliever, and a lefty bat.
get him on an epic group ride with some hills, he'll be in spandex & gears in no time.
I agree. You can't be your kid's parent and BFF while they're young. It's like jumbo shrimp.
omg ew you nasty fuck, im good y tu? x
If you like football, nonsense and useful fantasy advice, you must read
To those of you twats who came out to le show these past three weeks a big HIGH FIVE and thanks for joining us in our fun.
If you change a hotkey every time it's not what you expected, any #photoshop user can learn #GIMP in a day. Isn't 2.8 a great time to do it?
I want to join #APG and the Speakers group. Got to keep up with the future.
Think the supporting cast in Indy is so new and so bad ... hard for me to say Colts will win more than 6 games.
Hi, Thanks for the follow! Stuart
(1/2) I would go for my husbands birthday and i'd buy tickets to see garth brooks! He is my husbands favorite and the wynn is his dream ...
I think there's a 🐫 outside of my house. Weirdest noises ever. I'm trying to sleep!
Oh lord... what the hell were we thinking....
Headed to the Nelly Remy Martin Party Tonight...Makin Moves!
. You can see it in his face he's scared of Pac taking away that perfect record.
dude i have been watching these and they are amazing
Where? RT Peanut. Butter. Cheerios.
Monday don't be late
I cant stop i wont stop
I know I'll regret it later, but I'm still gonna do it anyway. :x
My dad would have been 60 today.
thx for description! Take a look at Evernote peek, too...
Looks like I'm wearing jeans! It's cold outside!
happy nappy born day god body legit sun moon n stars
I hate when people expect you to know exactly what they want...without them even saying it.
shout to for da follow
GREAt Some People Are very Honest :( but some are still waiting
Ahh, nostalgia. Watching the movie 'Helvetica.' Brings a tear to the eye of an old typographer.
Guys if you wish all girls look like Megan Fox, well too bad, it's not like you guys all look like trey songz
Often we impair God's designed influence(He desires to exhibit through us)b/c of our own conscious efforts to be consistent&useful-chambers
I'm really in the mood for mcdonalds asdfghjkl
Thats right haha now dont you feel better for agreeing with me?
RT It's fitting weather for National Hot Cocoa Day. Have you had a cup yet? "Liquid Chocolate" was a favorite colonial drink!
Not having the right tools is extremely frustrating.
#2011 is my year for music! Seeing , , , w/ AND a new album!!
Good Afternoon Beautiful! Long time no talk. How r things?
Just a few more days for the launch of our Broward Issue of Sprinkles Magazine!
Awesome and amazing to have these tokens of the past. Thank you for sharing!
if you're going to class, sweatpants are always a bad choice!
Dig the fox around your neck RT : oh ok and crazy ?
OMG!!!! Marc is out of his mind! He really wants this Hottest Dude Title!
LMFAO. I love you.
What's been good Tweeterz?!? I know I've been busy, but never forget about y'all. @ Me tho!
That is quintessential Gingrich.
it was only 16 min. didn't want it to be too long. next time i will do the question thing. thanks!
that's amazing! If I'm not on another shoot I'd love to come!
Why is Google Talk not available on iPhone... Frustrating!!!!
It's called snow ya shee!
LMFAOO. i'd rather go to wonderland LMFAO.
Let me see what I can find
Resveratrol can also help maintain already healthy blood pressure and cholesterol levels already in normal range.
Do us a favor and tag us in a tweet,telling all your friends why they should check out . We'll tweet right back at ya!
Welcome to twitterworld
Started a few months ago after I first slipped into the depression I went through. It's starting to scare me a bit.
RT : good to see you here and lets get the party started. - (It's good to be here!)
Finally watched #MoralKombat. If you're looking for an evenhanded account of the debate over violent video games, be sure to check it out.
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to Gossip Girl
RT "The only thing you can change is yourself, but sometimes, that is enough" - Anon
Just finishing up renovation of condos north of Boston. Beautiful two bed, two bath residences. Now for sale.
-- when it comes to UK/IU...March 23, 2012 kinda trumps every reg season game. Sorry :)
like it was yesterday
Peace bro! follow back
please follow me you da bomb!!!!:)
Eenie, meenie, miney, mo. You ain't nothing but a hoe. You think you're cool, you think you're classy, but to us, you're just trashy.
At Broadway Pier on bay downtown San Diego for press conference supporting Navy Broadway Complex project. New jobs & revenue for San Diego.
Sarah Baker opening at BES tonight!
well I'm glad you told me that after you followed lol
*looking at the tl* ...I canT believe The Real World still exists...I havenT watched it since 05 or was it back to Chicago? ^_^ i 4get
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! 6
#14 I like your bio :) and your icon :D
Seeing ppl from my high school at random places.. makes me miss it :(
ha ha! I haven't heard "jello shots" in a long time! that's a very mid-west term, in my mind anyway!
I Followed Yuhh Now Yuhh Follow Me Please
Either twitter eating tweets or ppl deleting shit.
Completely honored.
Men respect women who is confident in herself. has morals and stick to them.
Good post, and totally agreed. If it's like a job, they should get paid.
Don't you mean "Chris" Everett his ass?
right so why bother it's all bullshit just do you is what I say💙💜💚
I'm in for the long haul.
Dear brain, make the tears stop. Please. I've been happy for like the past week. I don't like when you do this. - love me
iTunes Genius won't even work at all for me. I don't think it can handle my 400 GB megalibrary.
Nice to see the bats producing.
Nice new Facebook strategy! Your campaign is one of our favorites!
George Jefferson > Jordan Jefferson #BCS... pic.twitter.com/qXnuFNub
Hell yeah, running quiet like it's new or sumn
Just made some breakfast for dinner. Can't do wrong with some breakfast.
Back from Mexico and LA had a blast
He played the most minutes after saying he couldn't play. Joke
Happy Father's Day! Last minute brunch plans? Join us, 10am - 3pm; 415.563.7700.
My sis officially becomes an iPhone user today! Good riddance sh!teous Blackberry!!!
My B-day be coming up soon....I will be accepting donations to Save the Gorilla's via Paypal....message me for my email if u care to donate!
I hate you best buy for recommending a printer that doesn't work! The ink is full so stop saying it's not
Family faces are magic mirrors. Looking at people who belong to us, we see the past, present, and future. ~Gail Lumet Buckley
Its like I don't even know you anymore...
RT : Barton Springs Update: Austin Parks and Rec Dept Aquatics Div w re-open Barton Springs Pool Fri, May 18! YEA
Hey haven't heard from you hope all is well.
Sweet dreams! SAT and then Atlanta with Gaby tomorrow :)
feels like she's cheating on FB with Twitter when she updates here.
Today, is our Clairemont Garden Tour & Expo. The Tour runs from 10am-4pm, Expo runs from 2pm-6pm. Tweet us if you have any questions!
Text me.
To be excluded by omission is to be excluded based on perception of value.
No...just no Step Boyz.
ever coming to Maine??
RT “: I ain't eating right or sleeping right but I'm working right!”
hey r we doing the conference. call tonight
RT Mayo Clinic? No thanks. When my mayonnaise gets sick, I just throw it away.
i always am asked why i like the forest so much it has a really deep meaning <3
Happy day of mothers... and my beautiful mother and future LOve you my love
Thanks for following!
how was your day ?
Donna Brazile visits the Political Junkie to talk debate prep, spin and exploitation...hr2 Travel writers Pico Iyer and Paul Theroux -YOWZA
Come see us in Peoria!
nm :) just chill u?
u hater!!
Welcome Back Braun 23 in a row.
Should I get up or go back to bed? Lol
WHAT IS THE HUNGER GAMES EXACTLY??
YSL at the Denver Art Museum with and Momma!
I think im sick! My throat hurts and my eyes are so irritated!
...ineffective leadership would be my guess.
I'm trying out for #EscapeRoutes reality T.V. show challenge.Think I should be a cast member?retweet #teamwhitney write your tweet in below.
HAPPY LATE THANKSGIVING.. WE STARTED OUR EATING OFF EARLY LOL
Giveaways, college football, Rockies, Broncos and all Colorado sports talk! Chime in, AM 1510, 303-297-1510
We can't wait to hear it!
thank you (;
so i lost my voice, yayayayayay. this is just great.
That workout>>>
did you buy a lottery ticket too? Lol
Just had #PizzaHut for lunch...can't beat free pizza.
Excited to begin working with Jackson's Bistro Bar & Sushi!!
with no driver and mommy screaming 'Rrrrrric!!!'
BREAKING NEWS; More #nasty #breakups in the limelight and thats and the mother of hes children.
Right, Now.. I want too Rave, Until My brains fall out.
Putting on a fake smile, so you don't have to explain why you're not happy.
When my eyes keep watering. <<<<<<
Switched at Birth <3
NO STOP SAYING THAT YOUR NOT A DIMWIT!!
oh dead baby jokes... difference between a dead baby and a sandwich? I don't fuck my sandwich before I eat it
o that sounds awesome!
"If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it." - Jonathan Winters
He did...like 5 years ago (2005) just before he started on Criminal Minds. Look again
Despise not death, but welcome it, for nature wills it like all else.
Considering buying a home? Start the process by calling Mountain Trust Mortgage & Realty today! (858) 376-1299
or the brand
Goodmrng lil bro. Have a great week. Peace
I'm working a 15-day voyage from San Diego to Ecuador, ending in Costa Rica. I'll be in SD for two days for my training. THANKS!
PROUD OF AUSTIN MAHONE
Does anyone know where i can find a Barrack N' Roll shirt?
What kid and conversation .-. ???
I certainly wouldn't know... hehe! RT : What is an extreme pet owner????
shit I just missed the shuttle.
thank you for you prayers. He had been in and out of the hospital for the last 3 years with lung problems.
Congrats to the UK softball team for getting a bid into the NCAA Tournament. And amazingly enough they're in the Louisville regional.
If you are #teamknicks the worst part of it all is hearing Mike Breen suck off the Heat like this bullshit didn't just go down.
haha nice :p you should text me bud
This woman just spent $62 in the Dollar Tree. The poor sales clerk had to scan every single bottle of bubbles and pack of highlighters...
Omg ive be glad wen all this waiting is over.....
:-) You can't ignore what's right in front of you#=$+!
nothing for dinner -_- cuhs im too bored to get food
When we stand for what's right, we never stand alone.
So today I was thinking I want to over use the word
I dunno, but they're gonna be really good next year.
So about that Heat & Knicks game.. ..
WHERE ARE YOU CHILD!? aare you back c:
best problem to have! I have it 2 lol
Nah it sucks but I'm going over by merch now
Heavy rain, high winds and hail on the way 25-30 min.
I know why the boyz like Bucca Di Beppa. It's like a porn show in there with their "art". o.O
The Silk Tie likes David! He doesn't have a tie on in his picture, but he should :) thesilktie.com
Thanks for the RT! :)
Looking forward to Next week!
I rather like the Lotto shorts
Brittany is coming to my next game,
Thanx for following! Wonderful wisdom, even frm Midland! Hubby is frm there--you must get your inspiration from above :-)
Come on Kirk! Lol RT : ": -___- #harsh". Deserved. I don't ask much of you my brother and when I did
Another successful day with &
Hell yeah!! get the OT win! 1-0!!! Power play still sucks but we'll take win!!!
I don't have one either -- not in Mich anyway...but over in Canada, they have tons of sushi places that are amazing
RT : it's wonderful when an everyday purchase can make such a difference!!
thank you mistress I'm looking for one
if only the bucks would wake up!
I want the DOK Multitouch tables for our group study area.
How is there not a hashtag for an e-Learning conference?
only if you'll be my date!
We have an exciting new website coming out by the New Year!
- the DH wants to Outwit DLS, and start earlier today. Alas, Lily Marie is on meds schedule - too confusing!
Happy day. May this be the absolute best Thursday ever.
All day in the apt. doing HW isn't so bad if you are reading "The Book Thief" and expecting the love of your life to come home any minute!
44 days till i get to see and again!! asdfghjkl
Aww thank you Don, that just made my day!
1 word to describe me is...AUTHENTIC
watching the Casey Anthony trial at skate zone?
"You will show me the path of life: in your presence is fulness of joy; at your right hand are pleasures for evermore."~Psalm 16:11
Crafty play by Canó! Web gem.. maybe
I am dead. Not like I find something funny dead, but dead dead.
Heat don't know the importance of regular season messages!!! Didn't you see how that affected them last year?! Oh, wait...
#THANKYOUThursday to new followers: - I look forward to your #DoGood tweets
is brainwashing me.
If Len Goodman doesn't give Donald Driver a 10 for this, then to hell with Len Goodman.
following back :)
Every business needs an app and ClickCom provides cost effective mobile apps
wait what is it like?!
It's actually really cool :) Try it, and if you have any questions, feel free to ask.
u coming to school?
You didn't have to stoop so low
RT : People, stop dreaming nude! Fantasize some clothes on!
can I get just one dance with yu lady.. lol W.O.R.D.
Thank you so much! I knew Google was wrong. Is their any accents? Spanish is weird :P
Don't let me get in my zone....don't let me get in my zone....
i wanna be your man ! ctfuu
you are a ass and don't talk about Taylor or I will jump out of your computer screen and slap the shit out of you PUNK
ugh, I feel sick again
The goals that you set in life help create your accomplishments!
I LOVE ME SOME MICHAEL PHELPS.
I'm amazed how some companies spend millions on TV ads and then you go to their site and it looks like it lives in 1999!
O yeah I almost forgot...WE FOLLOW BACK
There's champagne in my shoe
Olympic trials for T&F end of June, correct?
Headed to Milford, DE for tonight's show @ Circles. Be there!
Spent the day steam cleaning the carpets. If even thinks about peeing on it, he will be wearing a diaper.
so people can steal shit? No thanks.
Dodgers Celebrate Jackie Robinson Day With a Win
Are we a country of laws or politics? Does our constitution rule or do politicians? SCARY TIMES!
haha ok I'll tweet you tomorrow:) goodnight
Great idea, just like they do in NY. Informed parents should be able to be aware of sex offenders in their area.
Glad I'm not a #Mariners fan who went to see them get shut out a only get three hits. Crap that is me!
Im lost...
I need more followers for give a ways! Let's go, Milwaukee!
RT : I need some dick ... BIG THICK DICK :/
": Show tonight! In the wise words of "I dont wanna see a single person moving!"" funniest moment all night.
interested in some...you have a schedule?
you should bring back
that was the pic i took, for your icon :)
our screams are silent / yet they echo across these concrete plains
Congrats on the very successful $YELP IPO today.
I love you so much! I hope ur having fun in Asia! Will u follow me please? Its my birthday! Hope I can meet you oneday.
You're welcome! It was definitely retweet worthy. :)
Topics covered by today, ordered by number of blog posts about each: 1. Instagram, 2. Election, 3. Zimmerman.
Tied half in the #Kansas v #UNC game.
Working his paws to the fluff! RT : Busy Teddy Bear.
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all
We want to see in San Francisco !!
awww what would i do with out you <3
Now I'm of consenting age to be forgetting you in a cabaret. Somewhere downtown where a burlesque queen may even ask my name.
Thanks so much for the RT's and Have a great weekend!
#3WordsOfAdvice shut your mouth
hunger games trilogy. Better and timely with movie coming out. Katniss is so much better as a role model.
Grab a bowl of awesome soup! Cream of Asparagus, Seafood Gumbo (crab, shrimp, and clam), Tomato Bisque, Turkey Wild Rice & Chicken Dumpling!
now that's an artist. Not the other bs ones mentioned previously
I can't understand why Capitol won't release Glen Campbell's 1968 That Christmas Feeling LP on CD--imports are $100's on eBay
Ack! Trying not to have the sads.
Yay! Surprise!!! Of course I was a nerdy spaz when I finally told him :P
yes! That sounds like fun!!
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about #life: it goes on."
OK, who doesn't love Bubba Watson. He was just talking about how important his faith is to him. Way to go Bubba
Hundreds of patients, seniors, students, families, and home care workers arriving in Albany right now to tell the Legislature: Pass the MRT!
Thank You! Pls join along on FB - I love the interaction! I'll will check out your .com page tonight - running out the door!
Win a copy of WALKING HOME TO ROSIE LEE- one of the few kids' books on Reconstruction. Tweet #WhereIsRosieLee? to enter.
u got robed son haha
No problem. I look forward to that, too. :)
I'm doing better :) You proud of your lil sis? Out of 450 on my CAHSEE, I got 414 in Math and 441 in English ^.^
it's by Roomba. Just mops my floors.
I was sweeping when I saw Dylan followed me. I did a dance and the dogs attacked me but it's ok!
"The only tests req'd are 1) 1 person from each of reproductive genders 2) old enough to consent 3) not rel'd"
Love this RT : TFTD - Many times when people tell you that you have changed it's because you've stopped living your life their way.
DIVAS OF DEVIANCE TOMORROW!!! BE THERE!!
So sorry about that. I'm glad you ended up saving money!
Done with my last midterm week and en route to the city! #Brazil tomorrow!!!
Eastday-Indonesia lifts tsunami warning
oh wow awesome!
Do you still love me??
I owe you so major...
being in the library without aderall and/or beer sucks extra.
Great Monday
Irony: putting a copy of SkyDrive for Mac on Dropbox so I can get to it from my other machines.
filming cheesy spanish projects >>>>> actually presenting them to the class <<<<<
It's bring your child to work day here
welcome to the club
Anyone Wanna Tweet Me.? Im Bored. I Want A New Friend.
RT : I will be at the with starting at 2. I want to hire someone!
Rec sports. The south shore Y doesn't have soccer for little ones.
Oh my god everyone play me in draw something
- and you are hoping for what? lol Naughty, but don't tell Santa!
Rough day. Ran to PR by multiple minutes but the wheels came off around mile 22 b/c of cramping. Still finished but painful
back home in DC! how sad it is to say goodbye to vacation!
I've got some pizza..but I can't promise it'll make it to you.....
Adding Cinnastix right?!!?
I hate wen I have 2 ask 4 my money,u borrowed it!
“: mean and the grinning idiot should have put the wolf out of it's misery”-agreed.
actually O'Sheas would be dope too since its an Irish spot
This is me getting up every morning reading text with only one eye open -_o
doesn't even need to be hardware. Just mention "eye - toons"
you're crazy!!!
Thanks for putting me on
Chef Robuchon will be in Las Vegas on Tuesday!
No problem! Anything to help spread the ele-love 4
sour diesel
It's not going to fix backlog or most delays in getting patents. No one really knows how new post-grant procedures will work.
it's in like south bay, right?
I want to go to a #UNLV basketball game dammit.
Another day another flight -- lax 2 sjc
Thanks for being you, you!
oh, hey world! shit, where have I been? really doesn't matter though cause im back and back to blogging. keep you posted <3
BUT ITS TERRIBLE (right?)
Selling photo prints at the Spokane Arena Sat the 17th of Dec during the Chiefs game. Stop by the main concourse and pick one or two up!
OMG that sounds so amazing, I can't go ANYWHERE that has skee ball and not play, I'm the biggest fiend in the world
Wish I'd asked more ?? when grandparents were alive..they had fled to escape the Muslims..they were Christian..I still love the Scots
. Thanks guys!!
only one of the graduating committee members is an intl student, but she has an early grad ceremony tomorrow :(
Oh 4 sure !! Most definitely!!! DM ur # I lost all my contacts. But I been good!! What u end up doing to celebrate?
neosporin it! and only use a bandaid if necessary. also don't break it, it will take longer to heal.
I thought I was your best friend?
Hey GAAPers! See you bright and early tomorrow morning! #hoyasaxa /yd
Jesus. You're so emotional tonight.
I am the female weezy. (;
It has been a long time since I've rock and rolled. I've been getting the shakes in the morning. Thank god for shows this week.
Miami Heat won!!!! Miami Marlins won!!!! Now Florida Panthers won!!!!! Yes it's a great day of sports in Florida!!! Trifecta baby!!!!
Komodo dragons are best dragons. <3
"I don't have pet peeves. I have psychotic fucking hatreds." - George Carlin. Basically defines me while I'm in psychology class.
get Rob Wilson on the pine - he looked like a college basketball player!
We danced to week to week, brought back the love, we found trust, vowed we'd never give it up, remember when
Today is my birthday! The best present ever would be a tweet from you!!
just chillin with some buddies. what about you?
Game 3 of the playoffs is in the bag. SCHS takes down E. Lousiville 52-14.
Do you flavor your oatmeal with tea? Herbal teas work great for this. Share your favorite tea & oats combo with us!
why am i in this class if and aren't here?
1 more follower to 500!!!!!!!!!!! A small milestone, but a milestone #humble and thankful for our followers.... (:_:)SJSTeam
; this sappy ass song would come on.
Starting my zigzagy trip to KC. I even managed to get a whole row to myself on plane #1, yay!
the three seasons before this one felt like 20 to me...especially with some many lakers fans around me :-/
saw this an had to do it cuz my bday is soon to "Your birthday is a special time to celebrate the gift of 'you'to the world.
It's been a while since I've asked, but please go request Bubblegum Boy on !
BOL" THiS iS ELECTRICITY BLUE".!
So that's what a quince tree looks like! Pick a few, just in case . . . .
Hello . !! How you doin' today??
#UShouldnt Say Things To Down Other People. Like You Fat You Know What....Lol
he tried to hide it. I saw articles that said that too. He was a bit strange at times lol
lol you're such a spammer! and katie its just allergies I'm not gonna die
Been on chill mode all day
I think taht coronas getitin to me
In. FINALLY.
Thanks for 1 of the best webseries out there! If you ever need help w/S3, I'd be more than happy to.
I think they come out slow but once Manu & get in the game... It should be go go
The dollar stores sells pregnancy tests and coat hangers, talk about one stop shopping
Happy mother's day mom <3 and happy birthday Justin (: #LoveYouGuysss <3
Rockin' out in English.
last days at mays
My opinion - #thefive is #redeye for grown ups.
FOLLOW ME CODY??? Please?????
too bad most of the calls are, "can you fill this form out?" or "can you refill this habit-forming medication?"
Cool. We ended up at a playground this morning. Now I'm back at it. In a few, we're headed out for smoothies.
gotta get my hair French Braids and right after tht whole 4 hours of pain my head is gonna be hurting extra hard all day long
Does massage therapy at Massage Envy change the way you live your life? Give a shout out to your favorite therapist!
first chance i get im moving to a big house in the middle of no where
5 years and halfway around the world! Nice to see you at the old stomping ground
So much to get done between now and Saturday. Being a Matron of Honor is hard work! (cc: )
Yhur gonna need me before I need u
good seeing you all Friday night! Can't wait for the new record
I showed the catalog to Halliburton, and she goes, "The one on the right looks like she's about to throw up."
I need food
Grand Slam for David Dejusus. Cubs lead 4-1 in the 7th.
Beeb "portable citizenship" couldn't agree more, Why they didn't associate license w digital content I don't know
no ;( Ill start it now (:
Love my Snuggy !
"you shouldn't have that much pain" MY ASS! i'm ready to rip my leg off. #LIARS!
it's sad that when I saw english translation of ROTK, I thought it meant the LOTR Return of the King
yes mam we do.
I have absolutely no motivation whatsoever to write this paper.
will be here at lexington sports cards friday from 5-8pm signing autographs!
I'd be glad to swap this here pile of papers and red pen for your existential holiday crisis, trains, lunch, and book.
no problem anything I can do to help lmao
Did you know that Chuck Norris was in Jurassic Park?Remember when the dinosaur was chasing the jeep?he was chasing the dinosaur.
ok, you convinced me.
It's because I have an Android! Their music is so good! :D
nice! Yeah I have no idea where this is in contrast to the hotel. All I know is I'm a block down from westgate.
You know just casually having a conversation with Caitlyn Henry on gifboom :)
It's official!! We want to welcome & to the Transform Music family!!!!
Elise should've sailed to top three. Talent could run for president & America still wouldn't vote for it. Morons.
Seeking galleries who want to be part of the hot new "Parasite Art Fair" so named cause it's designed to live off Art Basel.
Just got back from a Kris Kristofferson concert...need to decompress and hit the sack. It was just poetic awesomeness!!!
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. -Carol Burnett
I think A is Ezra. I know crazy, right? I suspected him since day 1. Maya could be an accomplice.
Cinco De Mayo. It's not a Mexican Holiday, ya know, but still, go have fun drinking Tequila and wearing a Sombrero and pretending it is. :)
Austin's amount of Mahomies is growing.
I like a girl, she loves me as a friend and hanging out with me but the question is, does she LIKE me? RT for answers please.
M, loving Scandinavia this year too -- Tooji + Loreen! Russia is always hilarious, haha! There's lots of good ones, esp. Serbia!
The next blog post is coming soon, featuring a guest blogger! She'll talk about social media mishaps!
the look my neighbor just gave me in the elevator affirmed that, yes, he can hear me singing made-up lyrics to silly melodies thru the walls
Just finished my 50th batch of indexing - yeah!
GL: my colleagues see in New Orleans..unchallenged power becomes base for wrongdoing everywhere. Asian Am scholarship attacked
aww lol i've talked to like 3 mahomies that live outside the US today haha i hope he does a world tour for you guys :)
Sounds like a great idea. RT : I'm thinking the first day of spring should be celebrated with a full plate of fried chicken.
last night was bunk af
Thanks to
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
I'm so tired... I think I'm going to pass out when I get off work tonight. Coffee not even helping... Calgon take me away...
Sorry Corbett - expect some massive speedups next week
The Black Keys live at the tonight! Stop in & see us
The DPS webpage was hacked recently. We are working on getting it back up and running ASAP. I'll let you know the second it's working again!
Had my Nap now Im Super Bored!!! WtD??? Hm
more of a fat cat comment generally
I don't use textbooks -- but even in compiling readers, I try to make sure to use as many open texts as possible
That would be epic daytime drama.
im following u hon;)
I'm having the same problem. :P
Good Morning Young World and all who inhabit it (:
aye text me idk if I got the right # for you
nyc is on fire tonight with dj's eleven and moma at the Good Spot party at CV.
Mtv movie awards!! #teamtwilight yeahh buddy!!
Thank you for the follow! Would you like us to send you a free bookmark? Please email to
Thank the man upstairs for another day..lil wayne"yeahh" on repeat
venting over the phone
“: #FF New England's Newest Hitmakers...” <~ Yea!! Thanks dude!!
Nothing. There is no such thing as a generation. Might as well use astrology.
2/4 Dessert Special: Chocolate Cheesecake with Raspberry Sorbet
If you don't know now you know
I think it's nap time..
traffic already backing up on Harrison for #uic LAS commencement
BAHAHAHAHAHA! Omg! I can't even deal! Do you wanna move in with me?
Go Brew Crew!!!!!
No way! My mom thinks it's a total load of crock. The four of us turned out well, and we all find her cool... so, you're good.
Wolf gang wolf gang wolf gang or die
RT : ?? Chuck Bass. Im trying to Sleep Caroline!!
I love seeing people who I haven't seen in forever.
What's the weirdest thing a roommate can do?
Today wd be a great day for a bike ride in the park. But the only pedals I'll be using are on the organ. Looking forward to practicing tho.
has found myself. Sadly, it is awake.
Taylor Swift jam out... haven't done this in so long :)
I've been to many baseball games, thank you! I know its navy yard, just fun to mess with you pauly n!
im on that status, this machine guns course and muy thai training is draining me.. Your on that #empress status lol lame
Yay! I now have 4500 subscribers on ! I would like to thank ! :)
At #woodgrillbuffet with the whole family!
wrong. It's all about Chinese <3
I didn't win. TOTALLY in shock. :/
I'm in
New Years)
If these walls could talk I'd fuckin' move out immediately
Thx for exc talent tactics & takeaways! Now on emplr brand: mix of created & crafted?
Perfect! I'll see if I can wear it for a scene in the web show I'm doing, Thank you!!
Maurice Sendak was one of my all time favorites. I'm sad to hear he passed.
whats everyone doing today...I have 3 more days till school starts again..have to gear up to start programming again
Beautiful day for a drive. Unless it includes the 101/405 interchange. How about that #405LINE, ?
: Come to Vegas! Aha ;p
#schoolmemories overdosing on caffeine pills and having heart palpitations every week...
Carpet can make a bedroom feel cozy and comfortable. It's much nicer to step out of bed onto a soft carpet than onto a hard floor!
Sorry may not be good enough for what I've #DONE but please forgive me
My honor student just got detention for writting an inapproprate rap at school. I'm so proud :(
Great food tonight! Had great company too! with &
I WANNA MEET
I got this
Great news, BLF is a much more enjoyable venue.
JB, why you no let me buy your song? =[ I waited up...
A good way to get traffic for your website is by writing a useful widget that links back to you. You can use widgetbox to publish.
Thanks anyway man! When you coming by? Haven't seen you in a while.
LOL! RT : Best Feeling Ever = Watching your ex downgrade.
Cmon boys Crawford is playing his heart out. Give him some help!
Good for them.
#Dateline Friday! It's how I wrap up my Friday night. Great storytelling.
well i doubt if there is one in new mexico lol
Special exhibition at Porsche Museum celebrating 60 Years of Porsche Clubs
what up shawnna
Looks like our twitter page was hacked! I apologize to anyone who received strange messages which looked like they were from us!
It is so hot outside!
I just got an email from twitter reminding me to tweet. So here it is
About to watch The Silence of The Lambs for the first time ever. I hope I can sleep tonight
Thanks. And double thanks for sending our way. He's the greatest.
Went to CVS. No one at the front because they have do-it-yourself checkout. All employees are huddled in back of store gossiping.
Great insight and resource
Thanks for the follows all!
Talking about Listserv w . Horror story about an out of office situation that sent over 200 replies. LOL
Creative entrepreneurship: Create a job/work; find a customer.
School then work,,,,
haha I feel like I look like I'm 10 in those pics ! Haha
thanks for all the RTs and shoutouts!!
Free drinks til 10 pm right now!! Everyone and all serving you is
i bought some yesterday..can't wait to run with you in one month!!!
moon looks like it's been painted in the sky. I'm quite stunned
i know it's hard to watch golf on tv but did anyone see what tiger did yesterday ? words can't really describe it. amazing is a good word.
It doesn't matter. Do you wanna get beat by the Heat or Celts??
Great Yankees game tonight, wait all weekend!
did you kno chuck norris farted once. it was called the manhattan project lol
Not stabbing tickets after you already sold them #kitchenpetpeeves #memorabilia ?
alright... I'll run some miles w/ you all. Would be great as supported training run. I'll reg as it gets closer
I'm happy to live in a country where I can stay home all day and enjoy a Saved By the Bell marathon.
I have a question? Can consumers buy direct? Glasses look great!
looool @ twitter drama~
Boozer u are worst NBA player no D , ugly shot , no Heart !!!!! U Suck Chicago Bulls over pay u !!! I hope u gone next season
Dear wine, I missed you most of all while I was on lots of pain meds and a muscle relaxant. Dear neck, please get better.
Commission public input hearing tomorrow night at 6pm at the State Capitol Room 4203.
If anyone wants to attend a special Breathe Carolina show at the AOL office tonight, follow & RT the contest tweet
Aw dang! :( That sux! Spencer loves he's sweaters. This ones a little big and makes him look tiny lol
8 to 16 inches of snow tonight although beautiful will put a damper on my plans for the next 2 days. Bo
The first step, my son, which one makes in the world, is the one on which depends the rest of our days
Today's Dental Tip: Remember to replace your toothbrush - or electronic toothbrush head - every few months.
One thing that surprises me is that historians of ideas downplay fear of military character so much.
#SO to #300. Who's it gonna be? You?
if only i had a phone with a camera. i would totally take a picture of this guy sleeping at the library
He'll be Jimmy Carter times ten.
I'm looking for interns or volunteers to help out the Hollywood Jammers Pro Basketball team. If you have a specialty , please email me.
Yay, congratulations to our own for being named a 2012 CSR Professional of the Year by Way to go Sonia!
"Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car."- Evan Davis
How the hell did I agree to read three 100+ page undergrad theses by mid-April?
Amazing VMA this year! Congrats to all winners! :)
It is a good time to try lots of new and different things
Expect a whole day tomorrow of excitement, nothing can bring me down
You win! Nice work, DM us your size and address!
I want to move into Hobby Lobby. Peace out, Michaels! So happy we finally have one in Vegas. I do need a second job :)
Jones about to beast out
Metaphor for Networked Leadership: A net can lose a link or two, a rope just breaks.
Glad you liked the game :) bummer that it was buggy for you. What did it do to your taskbar?
People give me shout outs I need to get more followers ! ( :
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Orabrush YouTube Case Study: Screw Viral Videos
Will do and thanks for the mention as well. RT : Looking forward to another great show in Vegas.
Was just kidding on the blog! Sorry if it caused you anxiety.
If by the end of today, we're still talking about and not the #tsunami, he's definitely
For those who saw the SAG awards - SCORSESE!!!!
Happy Easter everyone! Wishing you all a beautiful day surrounded by loved ones
"Watch for the opportunities for doing things, for there is nothing well done but what is done in season." - ÆSOP
Ibelieve that excellence is an attitude and thus strive to show my students,by example,that we must welcome and weigh criticism Michael Yard
TONIGHT: Pineapple Jacks. New tunes and classics. 485 Spencerport Rd in Gates. Bring your west side gumar! www.digglersbridge.com
Thanks for the support! Big UPS on the choons!
Had to say that because people are just to damn sensitive these days about dumb stuff.
Responsive web design: same URL, same code, same content; design & layout adapts to screen width automagically
I appreciate your support so much! I'm really thinking about starting one now!
Acting like a baby is supposed to be a sexy role-play!? That's just dumb "oh there's nothing better than changing shitty diapers!" bahaha
Thanks so much for your support!! :)
Me, too!
Big week ahead - happy Monday New Yorkers! Don't get caught in the rain!
I actually use G+ more than twitter now, but for completely different purposes (meeting new people of similar interests)
I know I think I may cry if it was. but tomorrows episode seems so good
Some exciting news about a windowspace... Think you can guess what it is before we spill the beans tomorrow?
It's a new week stop saying
I predict theo and tito are in chicago next season...but what do I know about baseball.
It's in Wellington, Florida right near West Palm Beach! :)
So great! I wonder where else they are in the city...
Just signed for for 's #cmtraining and catching up on my first two sessions - looking forward to learning from other com managers!
GOrillas! Have fun today!
Show me your horse and I will tell you what you are.
That Junior Seau 911 call man....wow.
Back in Paris for the weekend to shop the flea markets with clients. If you're in town let me know! Also holding a giveaway later today!
aye giirl aye ;) and chilling you?
Please Follow ! They are amazing!!
nope never. This just woke me' up lol is your phone dead?
OMG your so cool because you claim that you smoke weed
no you don't
I think ne'er do wells are certainly not hopeless - they just need nudges in productive directions
yes we heard it :-)
your welcome. : )
Sitting in the airport pretending that I don't do accidental tweets anymore.
When falls asleep on the phone <<<< -____-
What a dazzlingly spectacular evening. Anyone up for getting outside? Football. Soccer. Kickball. Anything.
I know - w/ WW it's just a matter of access (? DVDs?). Re: BE, pilot didn't grab me, but I'll give it a 2nd shot.
It is in our spiritual blindness that we convince ourselves that we can live life by our own strength and understanding. -James P. Gills, M…
Eastern rattlesnake slithers closer to U.S. endangered list: BIRMINGHAM, Alabama (Reuters) - The eastern diamondback rattlesnake, Nor...
At focus on visitors session discussing our best and worst experiences as visitors
Like the new pic? Big, creepy eye!
Assembly dems gather to announce what is assured to be passage of min. Wage bill. This as prospects in senate for bill have not brightened
Pre-Orders for TA & T2 have begun!!! W.radiantrecords.com
agreed! I've been hesitant about getting back into making vids because I'm not sure what I have offer is unique enough. :-/
That's nothing new. I already saw "Ben-Hur"
I have been so blessed this week! lots of auditions and shot a television show and short film! :) Bring on Monday!
Are you replacing it with a new dslr?
You need to keep up. Mister no work tomorrow.
Love is a huge part of life. Embrace it full of hope and with good intentions. People are only scorned when the above doesn't happen.
who says writing isn't better sex?
I am a sexy substitute teacher for Paul Mattingly at the drop in before SET, 6 to 8 at the Onyx.
Favorite lyric ever?
On the way to lunch, we took a peek at the Great Hall —abuzz with activity in preparation for tonight's #MetGala!
The amazing tv producer Bill D'Elia just tweeted at me.
So excited for to start!!
Best. Comment. EVER! Hahaha thank you for sharing that with us!
don't know if it's what you imagined when you started it, but Mahalo has become my go-to place for anything breaking
Never wear shorts to Publix.
Can't really tell if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
You should probably stop going to that restaurant. : )
RT It's not knowing the answers that really matters, it's knowing the right questions to ask.
i told you from experience
I take that back, this month marks the one year anniversary of the band. Holy shit that's insane
Santorum dropped out of the race. Excuse me while I run my Victory Mile.
good way to start a marriage off right. just don't tell my wife I said that. ;-)
Im watching you right now on younow ! #RT <3
lol thanks girl love you too!!!😄❤✌
A full moon tonight..
SayyWhat Are They Trying To Take The Boyz Away From Us?? This Is Just BS..! Mann FML
umm no. I effin hate bowling. how about laser tag?! Lol
unacceptable. Have I taught you nothing?? Disgrace...
I need you to be Michael Meyers tonight. Straight body the pistons.
Sigh . Im not having a good morning.
brunette nao guise k
No this dude is not walking by mockingbird bird lane and 35
RT : Possibly the most wonderful thing about America is its robust tradition of internal critique. To be critical is to be at...
I need two more golfers on my team for the tournament Friday morning
or sometimes they get eaten by chipmunks.
We are now offering Pet Meds via our website! Check it out!
It's so he can rip off Patrice O'Neal's last special.
Can't sleep. Knee hurts. :/
I've donated my time here,so many wonderful animals that need loving homes, please consider adoption and make your life better!
Death and Decline of craft in music. "Wallpaper - Fucking Best Song Ever"
It's gonna feel real good to be in my own!
love melissa! fun ahead: my disstn proposal: kids' writing online?! hope you'll be in jacksonville @ LRA. always inspiring..
aw :( we'll have double the fun for you passing out free condoms in the Castro tonite!
Hang in there, Jacoby. All the best from Red Sox Nation in NYC.
I do sometimes, but it depends on how closely I follow the person giving the recommendation. Any suggestions for moms?
Smiling when i take pictures in public:)
Had my first week collab beer, Cheeky Yinzer. Nice job and
Thunder Alley tomorrow?(:
go lakers last night..just wakin up to another hazy day in LA..
#earthquake felt at #eastman dental #roc cool!
Not getting my permit until junior year because I'm a loser and my birthdays in September. Fml.
Heading to the heartland.
What are the coolest fundraising events you've heard of? Brainstorming for an NP I'm on the board of...
Can't is the pupa of never tried!
haha my mom wants to work for me ;)
Playing poker and losing
What's the first dance move you ever learned?
just until midday, then back to London. :)
Back to Bakersfield today f*** i hate it there.
Realize that there`s a difference between falling in love with someone and falling in love with the idea of being with them.
bought her album today. love her sound.
haha no im not a spammer, just trying to spread the word to stopp bullying
you still have to tell us how we know if we got m&g for the NYC show! :(
Thank you, I tried really hard, haha.
The people watching in the library is phenomenal during #finals season
Ever need to just let one rip but afraid the smell will linger? No problem.
i miss US
I love my dutchies doe RT : ha RT : fuck em both... Bong and / or bowl my G
Wootwoot, it's my womb evacuation day ;D
Tabling Cherry Hill Branch until 3:30! Come visit and grab some candy when you volunteer! :)
I put you in my Bio , so you know its real !
I have found that the best motivator is to have a project in mind, then figure out what you need to do the project.
I've been doing that all day with selena lmfaooooo B-)
Modern #Republican mantra No. 1: ...and that the US tax code of the rich, by the rich, for the rich, shall not perish from the earth.
"Studio One! Studio Two. Studio One! Studio Two. Studio One! Studio Two. Oh Yeah."
Larpers with light sabers in Washington Square Park. Oh the simple pleasures.
On our way to a writing workshop with Ronne Hartfield. Can't wait!
Okay...NOW I'll start my final paper.
whatsapp bro?!?! HEHE..Heatbread play in my country in June..;)
CC has 90 pitches so far. Lackey probably has way more.
Just had a great meeting with Volunteering for Little Haiti team. Fired Up! Ready to Go!
slayed her performance on Idol tonight.
According to a new CEIR report, a majority (51%) of young professionals attend exhibitions to acquire knowledge. Networking is 40%.
Facebook is NOT an innovator. They're copy-cats in everything they do.
Bloggers are journalists, yes we are!!
New questions and answers page on Going-Straight.com.
Sipping on a #Oktoberfest on tap in #Sacto. Now this tastes like October!
Thank you for your support last night at our first event!
“: I just landed in Boston” please for the love of god don't go to the 100th anniversary tomorrow
Now back to the code. Aaahh my friend PHP, a welcome sight indeed.
Thanks for following!
Anyone else going to the breakfast tomorrow morning?
miss you! we always say we are gonna hang and it never happens! Text me sometime pretty lady!
Words I want to hear after sex: ....
Can't wait for you to hear our new song "Move The Man" at Ground Zero on FRIDAY! Different from anything else we've written. so fun to play.
Getting my brain looked at with fMRI yeee
Of course! And thank you for writing about us! RT Thanks for your help with our article! generocity.org/news/171
You ever fell outta Love?
For sure, we'll definitely do that.
a very very cool guy that I'm following :)
Strate up n down multi-media ent coming june 9th to the bull city. One stop shop for your music n video production, graphics and duplication
Yeah, I retweet alot, get over it.
I have to get braces this summer!
I wish people would text me during school. I'm so bored!
are you looking in a mirror(;
Reviewing for the AP Gov test...
It's still early but maybe I can support the Astros this year
got to see Christi U. in Real Life!
Do you have Talmud references re: executions? I'm making a doc film about a Jew in FL who was executed in 2010. May be helpful.
We're honored! Denver Westword just asked us to nominate bands for their Showcase.
my question. why do like keek so much? Its like youre forgetting where you got started at
loves her profile picture and backround that Kaimi made for me love her so much
we would skype yall but opened my computer the other night and it was dead left the charger in Ohio.
Hey, where's my follow up voicemail ?!
“: IS pinterest's fashion for men.” I'm flattered that you would say that! Haha
Lol I hear ya! Guess I should follow your example!
#GEEBZ hits 60 degrees and people are out "mowing" their lawn!
Hardly the same thing there 'piraterob'. What are you a slave to besides your ideology?
well i got to spend time with my former bff ari smith. that explains a lot mayneee!
So tired. Kept falling back asleep. I have a test and a quiz :( Atleast I get to see my friends... :)
that shit don't make any sense wtf is wrong with ppl
"Your Love"?! Great song! Also.... I'm rather disapointed because I may not be making it to your acoustic set.
Good day in #chicago! I need to come down here more!
Practice Loving someone today.
IM NT HERE TEW PLEASE PPL.KUZ PPL WELL NEVA B SATISFIED.
A woman never forgets the men she could have had; a man, the women he couldn't.
I know u don't smoke weed, I know this, but Imma get you high today cause it's Friday u ain't got no job and u ain't got shit to do -Friday
my pants are so baggy and comfy it kinda feels like im wearing nothing at all
Remember ppl SMILE!!
GIFTED MINDS SELLING 5$ RAFFLE TICKETS ! FOR A CHANCE TO WIN IPAD 3 WE DELIVER THEM ANYWHERE !! inbox me for more info!! =)
People hesitate to report ethical breaches for two reason, fear of retaliation and fear of futility. Be fearless!
oh no! Deceived by the #pala2011 stream!!! I will save my fan girl moment for #ala2012!!
I put the plese back in sleep. I also put the e-tard back in retard..
Go cop this...
I even the TO show
Psalm 3:3 3 But you, O Lord, are a shield about me,my glory, and the lifter of my head.
thanks. that's good to know
Brew at the Zoo is only two week away, reserve your place now.
is home
You're welcome. I hope you checked out the grading rubric PDF linked to in the story. I found it interesting.
They are indeed. To equate them to drug dealers is incendiary and untrue and hurts an already damaging national dialog.
had the veggie sandwich at #firstthursdays in #sanpedro. Very nice! The tofu was delicious.
Listening to good music on a rainy day, keeps the tyranny of my mind at bay.
#RoadWarriors RT : So the Kings are 6-0 in road playoff games thus far. That's incredible.
Yahh get to see & again!!!
RT : My mom's Prius starts with the push of a button. Maybe she's Wiz Khalifa?
of which season?:o
it's too bad doesn't let people make their own baseball cards
A good manager is a man who isn't worried about his own career but rather the careers of those who work for him. – H. S. M Burns
What a crazy New Years Eve party! We'll have all the pics coming at you soon.
you're welcome. Glad you liked it!
thanks. i want this to b a main focus
but not really, he's gorgeous.
Hey recent users of SpoonerSpot: What do you like about the site? What should we add? Oh and if you haven't signed up yet:...
Offer Mother39s Bumpers Cereal Peanut Butter 123-Ounce Pack of- bumpers cereal
Your New Classmate is Yaaaaaay!!!!! Haha
Would anyone write a biography about you?
I hate when people change completely in social situations.
Anyone who had the over in the Yankees game - like me for example - is pretty psyched about losing by 1/2 a run last night. Real joke.
I think you underestimate Harper's career totals.
#logo Quality Logo Products Donates Proceeds of Calendar Sales to TAILS Humane Society
I'm looking forward to trying it, at first I thought it was just for men, but it's getting so many raves by women!
I cant stand dat weak ass brother of mines!
seriously best idea ever
you better stay at buchholz. or the L in YOLO won't be in your future. #Realtalk #don'tleave #therecan'tbeonlyonejenn
All parts of ourselves deserve to be seen, heard & embraced by those who love us. What part of you are you hiding?
This show is coming up fast! will be performing at The Polish Club on Sunday! Tickets are only $8!
Political Science Professor sent out an email that he posted midterm scores, congrats to the student who got 100% .... ME!!! 😜📝
Being tall is hard. Sometimes I wish I was short.
RT : IT'S PRIZE TIME! Who will be the winner of Relief Eye Cream + Pure Cloud Cream?
i swear i love you
While the dust still settles in Egypt...
Self-doubt is the number one destroyer of lives.
Hello, and thanks for following Tom Shaw Trio... Hope you're having a great day!
We're picking new schools for the year, any ones you'd like us to expand to?
I am in Dublin to play the Norwegian Championships of Poker! But as usual with no luggage! BA or Air Lingus messed up :(
& are good that way. will be at the twitter helm next week.
Um, just rapped for/about me. He's lucky he's cute or that might have just been embarrassing. But for real? I loved it.
I give up on mittens and texting.
This extra credit is due at 10 and I'm not done with it yet. So I'm not coming :( sorry girls! Don't hate me!!
If you're black acting white you're an Uncle Tom. If you're gay acting straight, you're a Gay Uncle Tom--2012 Quote of the Year
He still thinks you are together?
great !! How are you thanks for listening :)
Like to hunt? Write? Make a video? is looking for testers. Part of it is a free Mitt for you! Tell us on our FB page, why you!?
Welcome to the movement
Great game today, wasn't it! The Yankee/BoSox rivalry is the best. My condolences to :D
But it's empty....
You know what's gonna be funny about the end of this game? All will blame LeBron for this loss when Wade was MIA.
The email exchanges in 50 Shades were funny...
I've gotten the workflow so efficient that we keep running out of maps to scan.
Transformers Car Club in process! :)
When i get these braces off..i want a bottom piece..and i dont care how old grills are
birch it was u
True story! Happening now!
Feeling sick :(
My body sore i really need a body massage..any takers?
then do it PUSSY RT : I wanna tell her how I feel.
How many times can you say: dig, off-the-top, release, open face carve, maneuver, paddle battle, etc.
Vegas in a week (:
RT : My resolutions for () and day were just adopted by the Council.
I challenge you to a duel in poker..texas hold'em? Im from az so lets battle!
UGH...got nothing else. Thanks for keeping me up-to-date...even if it is bad news. :(
How do you know what 12-year old boys do in the shower? Naughty.
Thanks little sister :)
i'am about to unfollow you and and your boyfriend and your sister & brother if you cant STFU about you love life!
Woohoo! Will spread the news! Loved chatting with you both. Lv, Ferris
she wrote that album when she was heart broken
The picture and just posted may possibly be the best picture in the world.
Team X 88, big week. Let's get those pre-order of anti-aging product in!!!
Tonight's Grades: UW C, Crowd D, Refs F-
woah!!! I never wanted M&M's more in my life!!
no. Not at all.
Hot and windy. Glad I am working. # 9to5
preciate the follow
#whatifindattractive A 17 year old Canadian. Justin Drew Bieber
Most of my #jour111 students are also on the college newspaper staff. Today is publication day. Having flashbacks of the
omg! Wait. I just remembered that my laptop has the wrong time so it's not the 16th yet! lol!
wondering where your undies are
aw thanks! :)
hey wats up
I wanna be with my baby
Really sad... The academics apparently don't view commemoration to be important or interesting.
I got through the coffee drive- thru & will pay for the car behind me-I imagine how I would feel if someone did that for me!
I believe in The Hawks.....N.O. is good but I think we got this, this year...... I LOVE THE 206!!!!
not all of them
Welcome back! MT Chelsea vs barca got goalfest written all over it, looking forward to tasty challenges in first 15.Treat yrslf
Wow I just noticed all of my friends have boyfriends, besides me and my best friend Hannah...
Definitely want to see Kentucky get this ship.
BOOKING for April! We have some dates open and need to fill them! Shoot us a message for details on how to bring us to your city.
An ex-boyfriend, but doubt he wld be willing as he has no sympathy with feminism. I've read abt politician called Emma.
appreciate that mayne...
I'm a mirror! But woman, not man! :-p
Iknow! I love u:DRT : I love how me and have gotten so close <3 :)
I love you both:))
COOL day at Miami Edison Middle School. Its field day and my kids know that I was a D1 football player, so it's gonna be
I want to work on Sunday.
hehe(: thanks love you too!! <3
On average, Americans hold seven to eight different jobs before age 30
The Yanks r beast, I thought it was a done deal and turned back a half hour later and damn. Let's go boys!!!!
I think Kobe believes his bench looks like nothing but full of Kobes, which is why he thinks he'll win.
mines is cookies and cream
Proud of #WKU #Hilltoppers 3 wins in 3 days now in #sunbelt championship game tomorrow night
Things are beautiful if you love them.- Jean Anouilh
M what shall I wear for tonight????
odds of Quade coming back in '12?
eating kid cuisine
Studio time!!!!!
Know any great musicians who need studio time? Pass this along to your friends... Songwriting contest...
The John Axford of closing boots
Merry Christmas to all! Traveler
. thinks 115K jobs/mo is an apocalyptic . number...average jobs/mo under GW Bush and Rep Congress? About 66K
for coming!!! So great to see you and Adrianna!
Happy Fat Tuesday! Soak it all in, because tomorrow is everybody's least favorite day: Self-Conscious Wednesday.
So excited to have you at the music video shoot Monday. Can't wait to see all the pictures you take. You Rock lil D!
In Sacramento, city has a deal with Kings for an arena, and, *poof!* then they don't. No deals in KC, just a nice dinner for Mario Lemieux.
Root 4 KU RT Choosing to root for the Missouri Tigers was the worst decision I ever made. They will never win anything.
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me 6
I over think things way too much...
Happy Wednesday Eve :-))
Yes, I'm mad!!!! How can you just sit there and tell me I can't do what I live for anymore? I might as well stop breathing.
Journey before destination
lol thank you! I had to cheat I didn't know anything
RT : I need thee oh I need thee! «««You too can have this track. Visit cdbabycom
Flyers should be embarrassed by their lazy effort! Deserve to lose!
I always wanted JoMo to enter to "Five to One" by the Doors.
ah well, I guess everything tastes good to her then!
A lot of people participating in stopped by yesterday. Enjoy Portland and have fun, everybody!
i now freken love tweets
okay, alrighty sorry i just didnt want to distract you from work.
“: You should've come with us! "Well, inviting me would've been nice..."”
rain puts people in the mood ........ to take a lonq nap (:
I'm not I'm just stating tha facts c:
I love my mom and I'm so grateful I get to see her everyday. I appreciate everything she's done for me. Happy Mother's day mommy 💛
learning things new and old about Wordpress
Maroon 5 and Foster the People pay tribute to the Beach Boys. No, I'm not making this up.
I hope you feel better
Thank you is a brilliant and entertaining blogger and it was a great reminder to purge the bad practices with email!
Diabetes is leading cause of new cases of blindness in those ages 20 and over. PBA encourages you to Live Right, Save Sight!
love it!
skype only comes up when you forget to call me back
Terrell Owens is on Dr. Phil, dude has fallen all the way off.
Lemon tea + vocal rest. Very peaceful (:
At the end of the third, Cards remain on top, 38-14.
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when guys add you on Facebook trying to get at you but they start asking so many ?s like its a job interview!.
We count it as support, and we appreciate it!
I totally heard your intro to your cd on a commercial last night!!!
Cotto is doing pretty well through 2
That said I was not the only man in there. And no the other guy wasn't
please follow me I've never stopped loving yal please follow back!;) me gusta mikey
It's all sunny already. 
Please contact me directly so we can look into any photos in question. Thanks.
Merci! Katya Leonovich is a Russian Couture rockstar.Images and stories to come!
The umpire just wanted to go home. Ludwick didn't go around. Knowledgeable baseball fans could see that.
I heard your coming to visit possibly in the summer?(:
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
I'd like to welcome to my block party....come back anytime! Lol For real though, it was good seeing you man.
I have a feeling I'll be able to relate to it as much as For The Love of a Daughter.That song is like spot on to my life.
I love girls who like to drink but I set the bar cuz if you're drunker than me how are we going to get back to your place?
Everyone !!! Have a great day. Don't work too hard. 
Get the Designer look, without the Designer Price Tag- We are factory direct with 300+ vendors and can get "the look" for half the price!
I know that I can make it; I that I can stand no matter what may come my way my life is in your hands.❤ #ForgivingAndTryingToForget💔
We deliver on Thanksgiving day until 3pm! Order our yummy treats today for your feast. Only one week till #Thanksgiving :-)
"Hey party people! Are we havin' fun?!" haha freakin hot pockets
Maybe we should think about our own lives and not anybody's else. Maybe we'd better off that way.
awesome! Whenever's possible for you.
No i'm CRYING MY EYES OUT PLZ DON'T SAY IT </3 :'( :)ILYShawty<3
nice. so wat type of job do u wanna have?
Before you see what no one sees, before I let my heart go free, tell me that you want me like I want you. - Randy Rogers Band
Up in the gym getting ready for Fl... Bumping makes my hour of cardio fly by
Time Warner Cable to Carry Four STAR TV Channels
I miss you too<3
im telling mr green on u
Wig'nz shoulda went to the coner of Tropicana and Kovel and hooked up with #Pablo he got some good shit make u stay up all night.
#herworld in Los Angeles was excited the hear that will be speaking to 900 girls U R Awesome
S.H.O.U.T.O.U.T to allmy lovely followers your tweets make my day :-)
Maybe going to Sparta for High School
Champagne Sunday's are in full effect! Come check it out for yourself!
We appreciate the Poised Creation follow on Twitter!! :)
can'T wait ti have you.
Every day is teacher training.
so mind telling us how to get tickets or where it is??
T.T I wish it was tomorrow at one already. I feel so neglected.
thank you lacie! we're glad to have helped your coif
maybe it was shoe envy!
don't do it man, i can help you out with it if you want a website
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Tommy Boy
Download our free App & you can listen to the games on your cell phone. We are approaching 20,000 downloads so join the crowd
85 ill take it. And she wanted to give an A.
#ImMadBecause I didnt save my project for my video class and my computer just crashed...
Not going to history romorrow.
putting the kids to bed and then having a beer in honor of braun's innocence. :) CANNOT WAIT for the season to start. Go #Brewers!
im watching you
Great calls today with some leaders in the industry, looking forward to visiting 1-on-1 with more over the next few weeks
great job today. Can't imagine your joy. Good luck next week!
unlikely, but cell phones give off enough radiation to spark a flame. static electricity is also a concern when pumping gas.
I think human intention can buy us more friends, not the means :) (2/2)
try wing house
I saw so many good papers and posters it's hard to decide on just one.
Epistle to the Ecotopians
: have you visited "Jimmy's" or seen Billy? Me = nostalgic.
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
What if I told you I'm not saying its aliens, but ALIENS
Yay! LMFAO! What a GREAT surprise!
thanks for putting beautiful music out into the world!
RT : Wow - Yahoo!'s server buildings based on chicken coops (heat from 1 server = 1.5 chickens). Energy efficient,...
Thanks! I love your recent Portraits in Preservation - I worked with Peter Verheyen this summer at Syracuse.
Just saw a marrigage proposal on jerry springer
Tyler....-sigh-
#BasicEconomics - People will demand more at lower prices and less at higher prices. If something is free, what will the demand be?
how have you not commented on the Celtics shooting 6 for 24 that quarter? It is clearly your favorite phrase
So excited for our Hunger Games program at this afternoon!!
What the hell was David LaChappelle on?
Happy Mother's day to all the beautiful, loving and caring mothers out there. I hope your kids are making you feel as special as you are.
Twitter is gonna be my Vision Board. "christopher mcquarrie". Just sayin'...
Thanks for the mention!
I love it when homeless people tell me they love my hair!
oh man ok good I thought I was the only one lol it's really really hard and confusing I have no idea how to even start
Friends with benefits >
thank goodness for sisters who visit on rough wednesdays... good for my <3
hey pooorque u.u
thank you for postponing the keystone pipeline!!
Grocery is supposed to be a good pick up spot, though I don't understand why. I'm going to go look into this situation and report back.
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
Left another dent in this city last night with , a fan favorite.
Okay!!! Mine is on my home page thing, too(:
SO HYPED think I got 100
DRM is bad news. Big reason I don't have a Kindle or Nook.
Roll on roller coaster we're one day older and one step closer
#Imagine You're having a fight with Niall. You're just about to go when Niall takes your hand. His voice breaks:''Please don't leave me.''
hope to meet you in Florida sometime bc i live here maybe you could come to the brandon mall and see all your Florida fans
Happy birthday David Sedaris. 55 today. Just heard it mentioned on the radio,
Sick sick sick. Boo hiss. I don't do sick very well, too much of a classic ADHD type, stir crazy.
i knew
I'm Bout To Goo Homee Yooo .
o la la you have date?
“: 40 yo momma still play wit remote control cars?” Lmao. Chill..
I hate you for not letting me have you!
