Want to detox and recharge? Use the same technology the Mayo Clinic does! Call to book a free HydroMassage today! 214-827-5239 (Lady) Ah!
R/T for Victor the janitor!
Its awkward to say the least...
Follow just cause he looks like pac
#DeleteYourTwitter If you tweet celebs all day. Trying to get a followback. STOP DICK RIDING SO MUCH
The desserts at the meetup at West Elm are kinda TOO good. Nom!
Dentist...lucky me
So upset! I had the best lunch prepared for work today and it spilled! Wah :/
preparing to be vegan for a month by eating some cheese today...
Nervous today.....I hate things that I can't control.
: Amen!! Glad to hear from you. Give the little one some cousin #Love and I will speak with you soon. Love you 2 life.
So happy to hear you enjoyed it!!! See ya soon
IRS fillable forms were so buried in the website that I didn't find 'em and had to do the post office at 11:45 thing... BAD USABILITY
. remember she likes mail boxes! (;
Watching the video I made for before she left💙
Top 5 AL team OPS stats include 4/5 from AL east. Only team not is Toronto. The AL east is a beast & the are competing:)
ANY DONATIONS TO OUR CAUSE WILL BE MUCH APPRECIATED ~! AND MUCH NEEDED
Thanks to our newest sponsor - who has donated a diamond for a giveaway at the HF-Twestival. Plz thank them!
Truth be told Im shy so if & I were trapped in a elevator 2gether, He would have 2 speak 2 me 1st b4 I would speak 2 him
I just heard that Carrie Underwood is on Idol tonight. I saw her in concert like 5 or 6 years ago.
cuz he's not top 5 bro
happy Friday we made it
yeah let's do that
That sounds pretty cool.
Im pretty sure I hate it more
#Divine Love streams into my life, healing all challenges, harmonizing #relationships, bringing new #loving-kindness into the world today.
Glad your 1st FB game was a good one! Nice to get the W and see some lesser known players emerge and do well!!
I'm the type to love you without demanding. But I do demand you not to overuse that.<3
CONGRATULATIONS TO HOMEAID COLORADO for winning the Eagle Award at the Housing Now conference for outstanding program!
Don't even think about posting pics/food porn. I had peanuts for lunch.
I think we should start a support group for men who's wives/gf's replace them with their kid. lol Cause I'm in the same boat!
when you talk to your dad about a guy asking you out to eat with him <<<
And the winner is... ! Please DM me your address and who referred you to claim your prize! Thanks to ALL my followers!
people wanted to know so here they are 1 more time. skype: marygotswagg oovoo: iamsporty657
Only you, Ms. Bouncy Castle. “: I'm humming "Baby, It's Cold Outside" and giggling. I find myself entertaining.”
you need to get verified, your a Gunner!
ur so random on twitter lol. Just read wut u wrote me haha
RT : Take home after 2 days at #AAA12. Transparency on livestock production done through conversations across all media.
trivia question #203: 1st documented case in 16th-c England, legend connects it variously to St Nicholas and the Druids
How are there no planners for sale at Barnes and Noble?
I just saw your Portland song video on youtube. That was so amazing, u r certainly one of a kind. Thanks 4 making us feel special!
aww!! THANK YOU!
From the looks of my underwear I'd say I just redefined the term "sticky buns".
Wow. If you are a fan of great music turn on now and watch
Where da parties at somebody tell me
Not sure if I've lost all direction, motivation, and my life is falling apart. Or just tired.
"WHERE'S MY TOOTHBRUSH? WHERE'S MY TOOTHBRUSH??" So when he walked away, in the nude btw, his toothbrush was quite noticeable.
It'll get played when Mama Said Knock You Out is done
stay high as a skyscraper. Blowin strong out the white papers
Ha Ha I love it!
If he likes it then he's a keeper! :P
teasing you as usual! Yeah keep me posted when U get hooked :) Are you doing night shifts nowadays ?
Follow me and you won't regret it...
Thirsty Thursday! What r u thirsty for?
2 scoreless innings!!
Who feels like joining me for the Margot & the Nuclear So and Sos show at the Triple Rock tonight? :)
Tomorrow night at The New Parish ...Mwahaha, Races, and EL Ten Eleven .... lets do it.
Did he really do that ? :o OMFG I Need the link :D
I normally don't do this. I'm usually so full of energy
mornings with
that one I didn't :-/
using the grinds from this mornings coffee as an exfoliater #1000usesfor coffee
so true
Damn all of thes guys are hot, I need to be in China
Can't wait til saturday!!!! Why??? Cause I'm going to SCREAMTOURNYC!!!!!!!!
Some people are the literal definition of "hot mess."
I still can't quite believe that Harrison Smith is a 1st-rounder. I mean Justin Tuck wasn't a 1st-round pick.
thanks so much for the well wishes on our one year anniversary! Come to our #pieparty tonight!
LOL I KNOW........ LOL AND HOPE SO I'LL HAVE TO DO THE SAME HOPE TYRESE & KAIDEN ARE DOING WELL LIL CUTIES AWW
me either ... Im so ready to rage to above and beyond <3
Welcome to the team Daniel Reed, and Justin Greenberg!!!
It's time for us to stop being ignorant. The funny thing is that everything is out in the open. Just take the time out to see. It's scary.
Why hesitant? If you want, I'll let you know how it goes with mine, as it comes out 7/31. If it goes well, I'll let you know.
i dont even know whats going on
First off, I blame Boytoy. Second, obviously, I can't eat this week.
Beautiful photo. I'm from Denver too
Creativity=innovation =economic development.
Only in the south is it possible to be struck by thunder..
Oh tonight.
WOW! NEW Thompson Square song in the Spotlight at 8, then WIN Country Cash and qualify for the trip to ACM's in Vegas at 8:05! Yeah!
you got that right
:] how's krump life?
Seriously gonna punch this dude in the face... The more time passes the more Im debating leaving his ass
On my way to this game playin #itsgoindown haha theyre gonna win anyway
I should stop texting the whole world & get my ass to sleep. Lol Can't wait to see my baby tomorrow even tho I got school first ;*
Just had to fire first employee. Smh.
I'm watchin the #teamdelena episode and was Ohh he so sexy! And goes no... Beat her up!(:
I cant wait til you change it to you BG! :D it make me so happy<3 yyou gotta take a screenshot after you do..
very cool where at?
I love how God didn't eliminate all suffering.God was behind the scenes,helping to deal with the mess of life.Even with Maria.
the one with her an eddie
yes would love 2 do no Wea my big booty ass gone work doe!!
#CriminalMinds - awesome show tonight!
As soon as I hear my alarm going off, I get super sad
Fabulous ideas for lucky moms!
yeah haha where dya live in england?:)
Omg, we have become... the UBERCLIQUE!!!
Ohmygosh its Caitlin! I've got lower level bowl seats section 107!!! Ah! Anyone else going? Good luck if you're still trying!
Intelligence, playing with your hair, biting your lower lip, total rudeness, and not wearing a bra in a cold room
tonight here in the Derby City. 9:30 show. Can't wait
Gonna go pick up some really heavy shit, then put it down. Might repeat. Maybe a quick flex in the mirror when no one is looking.
If your inquiry is about books from 2008, I'd agree with Bruce on Groundswell or Crowdsourcing, useful reads both.
Marketing ROI matters more than size. Congrats to recognized as top B2B small shops !
I really think a and concert would be absolutely incredible. Just saying.
A big hello to my good friend who is now on twitter!
bro I didn't even know you were based out of Houston?!
#PunxsutawneyRomney hides from reality! He'll be exposed & it ain't going to pretty! He might have to live in the Caymans!
I think I Will.. Once I Figure out wenn!! =)
double take!
what ux designs have rocked your world lately, whether on or offline?
is alone and happy to be alone, but is he alone if he's online?
Epicurean Group is excited to announce a new partnership with CrossFit West Houston- we now prepare Paleo meals for their clients!
Also, I'm one away from 200 followers. Someone needs to #FollowMe now!!!
I was TRYING to annoy you there. :) I knew you didn't necessarily mean ME. Yes, go eat some popcorn
High school of the dead anime show is mad awesome
Dog show loving it and my Turkey
#WhyDoiAlways have so many inside jokes with
Tom Jackson speculates that bringing Xanders to visit #Manning today is a sign that #Broncos want to get a deal done quickly #obvious?
Bears on the clock
Still waiting for Elvis to pick up his tickets maybe? RT : What's Jerry Glanville up to these days?
i cant wait to hear this... You can tell me all about it when we hang out soon :)
You don't even want to look in the mirror after you've had a baby, because your stomach is just hanging there like a Shar-Pei
such a good mod! :)
Wawawaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Mistletoe is amazing. Hope you will follow me, maybe someday ist today ?
Thank you for the RT, amigo.
lol. I'm sure.
Sounds like the day I'm having. and I call it the "Nick Massi thud..."
speaking of #fantasy #football. Let me hear your most creative #team #name. Whatcha got for me?
Probably getting my hair redone tomorrow ...
Black-out weds are always epic....Stop by & tonight for a drink or 2! DM for bottles & tables. Its gonna be good
"Ahh, bathroom clowns!" -
Thanks! Sounds amazing!
"RUNNING… Just you and the ground. Nothing fancy. No excuses" via
White Tea >
Having a interesting talk with
I wanna be the one to love you.
how u doing finally back on
I'm going to start wearing bedazzled underwear (instead of pants) everywhere. And crowns. #HONEYBAKED cc:
I cannot believe that the purpose of life is to be happy
So more students, less teachers - LAUSD math! Cartmenez teaching The Man's math so students can do such calculations when they grow!
Justin bieber is gay af
oh no no no... I didn't eat solid food for maybe 3 days.
U bulb with your ugly butt :) J/P U hella fine LOL
Hanging out at the Granicus booth at #icma11...playing games and handing out prizes...just look for the clouds - 301
On another note, for the past 3 days many are mentioning signs of a pending earthquake. Hope it's not true. Be safe out there friends
My arms! Ive never done so many fucking push ups.
yay an I got home last night from Disney World!;p
hahaha we love you to! :)
RT : Seamus "loved" being strapped to the roof of a car, and his assault of a gay classmate was a "prank" according to Romney
I hate auto correction ...
Check out the play running MASTERPIECES tonight & Sat at 8pm: You can't help but talk about it
We install Waltzing Waters on residential or commercial. 305-232-3344
Is there anyone in the NBA who hates post game pressers than Dirk??
I have the worst headache ever :( I just want to go back to sleep
He didn't realize how much the Republicans hated this country!!! ***Rude Awakening!***
Why do I buy "Dry Clean Only" clothes?
I can't wait for to creep on my prom pictures!!!!!
Sweet giveaway sponsored by Make sure to stop by and enter!
Getting the moving truck
It's gonna be a beautiful day today. Stop in for some
Uh I had to wear sandles to prom to not be taller then my date. . . I'm 5 foot 1. . .
my cat is exfoliating my face with his tongue
Its an ugly day today in Oregon .______.
RT : METRO ALERT: Red Line track problem fixed. You may see some residual delays. // if fixed, why delays?
I'm so exhausted.
LadiesandGentleman,you must either be one sex or the other to hear the anouncmts.The MTA does not permit me to make hermaphroditic anouncmts
Life lesson RT Want to blow ppl away at #SXSW? Make eye contact. Ask ppl what they're passionate about. Listen more than talk.
how you doing
then hes gonna need to get like 10assts a game. we cant have a huge dropoff in team offense while lawson rests
- follow for even more suckage.
Anyone notice how sad the stock market is acting. Hope your short selling lines are out. The Clouds of misdirection are here
PickUpLine: I'm scared of getting pregnant, so do you want to go up to my room & test out all of my condoms?
Just sent you a DM with the details :)
Are you a Senior looking to move to Mass after graduation? Come hear on making the move @ Classroom Bldg 205 tmrw at 6pm!
1:30am just got done in salt lake Utah :) so pretty here :) time to get some, Sleep that is ;) lol off to Denver in the morning. Nite nite
Can someone tell me why the Pittsburgh Pirates still exist?
wow i feel all dumb that i just figured out i know who your bf is -___-... im slow sometimes
So hungry. Wish would stop primping and be ready to go already!
Thanks so much for follows.
It's so cool to meet your muse...and know them...perfect
FOLLOW MY PAGE.. I follow back... Thats MISS ALEXIS TODD ON TWITTER!!
it's all good in moderation. 1 oz of dark choc on a regular basis can actually be healthy :)
All guys are like "I'm a good guy looking for a good girl" Like no, your really a dick looking to get laid.
go fishing
Does anyone know of a search tool that will query over 100 results for the major search engines?
LIKE REALLY?!! wow
love the rickshaw!! Who's playing?
darn straight. I am excited that you're wearing your jacket.... But now the inventory is all messed up....
RT You know when u hear a friend repeat something u said, but mess it up completely? Now imagine a billion people doing it.
It's Douchebag Saturday at urbanpessimist.com! Watch for articles throughout the day
Everyone should go like our page on Facebook and spread the word. Get your friends and family to like our page also :)
A1: Absolutely not! It depends on the quality of the translation though. #indieview But I also like broccoli
Dinner with some fab. gals hello margs!
1st we're giving you the best night of your year. Then giving you a great chance to win an iPad2...
Kids is one of the only movies my wife refuses to watch again.
And here comes the awkward time when certain dead people get more applause than others.
Nice! RT : Free promos and air time on internet radio station for local bands and solo artists.
Well I can enjoy some Anderson Cooper while I wait. Janet Jackson is on, Topic: Whitney Huston with MJ mentions.
cause they dont like him
Love you RT : I'm gonna miss you! Don't go tomorrow :( :(
So give me what I want when I want it.
I like your idea way more lol
Just met a big one up close on the platform.
YEAH! PUMPKINHEAD!!! 's book just came out BTW! AutoBio
What are the top songs on your recently played list?
Passover Dinner at Institute!
“ That awkward moment when soccer players think their sport is harder than softball" when soccer is harder
I also will have an index in my parody so you can find the sex scenes easier.
Will you be my Valentine..? (: ♥
that akward moment when someone out akward momented you with a better akward moment
my regular number lol and okay! I have work till 10 though but idc what we do we can just watch movies!?Or drink or smoke evs
The thoughts in my head
count me in! Where's it at?
When bitch's lips be hella crusty >
Math + This Asian = The final is gonna be bitch ;D
interesting. what is it?
Aw thanks! how are you?
#WhenIThinkAboutOOMF i just wanna punch em in the throat
Difficulty using hands after an aggressive first day of bouldering - thanks,
parent: are you talking back to me? Kid: umm yeah? thats how you communicate!
Keep on Rollin
What a great experience for n myself w the staff of n ...great times w great peops!
oh makes sense now.
Be 1st in line to get your May 19 #Austin tickets: follow & like WordPressAustin on Facebook.
The power of imagination makes us infinite
Not tweeting much because i don't have anything meaningful to tweet. Lol
Just remembered I have dinner plans Fri, but am free for lunch if that works for you guys.
Can you strain a hammy out of ANGER?
Aren't you so sad about that!? RT : Last time I start my morning by googling "hiv aids los angeles"
Heat isn't keeping the visitors away... Many people here for campus tour/info session. We're keeping them inside! Stay cool this weekend!
Boy: u wanna hear a joke bout my dick? -Girl: Sure! :D -Boy: Nevermind, it's too Long :}
Not a fan?
#giants just had the gayest song to come out to
I love her with all my heart and she doesn't get it......
<just followed this guy!!!
. Michigan-based too, Colby. But I know you already knew this. . .
Clear, but chilly tonight. Lows in the upper 20's. Sunny skies and a high of 50 tomorrow. Temps warm up by end of weekend.
Shout Out To All My New Followers. #FAT. ( Follow Anytime )
that suckss! if i lived near NYC i'd go... but lol i'm from another country so.. :/
Help us welcome our newest mechant, Maui Clothing Company, opened this past weekend next to sister shop #Maui WaterWear.
[agreed!] : Need less rhetoric and more solution based dialogue
Have you been out to Carillon in Southlake TX? Gorgeous Hines masterplan community outside Dallas; touchscreen in sales office, too!
I'm finally back like I never left.
people are ruder more now then ever. Love you JOE !! Keep your head-up !!
4/20: hm yeah smoking is no where in my plans today. Instead, I'm going to class, the gym, and work
I haven't had time to watch but he's an amazing athlete. Support #livestrong where I can.
you didnt rape pr murder me. Youre safe. And we drove thru the desert
oh i tweet a lot
I saw that smile when you mentioned pintrest... lol
Abuse is usually committed by someone a child trusts, and that abuse has long-term emotional and physical implications.
I'm sick of #TimeWarners intent ;-/
Haha If u noticed, the last three hours of tweets have been about the superbowl lmao Shoot me already
are you at SXSW? I'm not, but that'd be neat if you were!
Tsoukalos has awesome hair! Man, this show needs more press...enlighten some closed minds. Epic stuff that makes sense!
Previewing the album and my goodness...not being bias at all, this album is like that! I can't wait til Tuesday!
Sleepy Nate is sleepy.
How can Newt be astounded about the first question?! Its the headline of the day. How could CNN not ask it?
I heard the good News Fam! Thats whats Up!
oh ;P
That is pretty much what ARL policy arm & Library Copyright Alliance do already.
its only right! gonna dm my cell bro
RT Listening to Jaimie Cloud of The Cloud Institute as she works with "New Jersey Learns" and educates for sustainability.
Yeah, I replied before catching upw/ the thread. Wish I could fine the time for more #glamwiki projects. A few ideas brewing.
I have no idea what it means, but my whiskey is gone, my coat is inside out, and Clay is nowhere to be found. Pray for us sinners. - Trog
What do women want? We want everything :)
HAPPY HOUR is all day, so come join us for Playoff Football! $3 drafts, $2 TECATE'S, & 2 Long Islands for $7!!! fb.me/cablecarpub
On my way to Amy Goodman's Democracy Now to dish on an oldie but goodie: formaldehyde
And this is how I know what's going on.... I'm so ready to get to the beach and forget the world
yea, they got me son
Thank you for not revealing my secret. I used Andy's recipe for Thanksgiving, but felt the need to just whip 'em up tonight.
you're the man homie !
did i hear homo hurt nd cory webster Just Ended The Season for the JETS nice early xmas presents ...
I Miss U.I never felt this way before.Everything I do reminds me of U.My S-Love?
Cocktail of the day: Capone's old fashioned: celebrate the beauty that is Templeton rye in this notoriously delicious cocktail.
No I didn't, I ate the huaraches as soon as u gave them 2 me, I was hungry lol, I hope u have a great vacation Maria:)
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
First night in san francisco and I already had a west coast/east coast debate...good thing I won.
Had a blast @ the girls Disney night! And realized us girls have #Disney to blame for our distorted view of love. For reals.
remember to say this . bitch move .
fuck Monday's
I saw that Kobe lol
When veterans return, the 'filter' for proper behavior is often gone. — results in anger issue
I know someone will die tonight. It has to be Karen. Or will it?
Lookin better now.
The rules of highschool never end...know ur role and play it right
I would like more followers, thank you very much.
Take the plunge: I have the Momitsu 799 and have enjoyed Masters of Cinema Blu-rays for years.
american eagle is so fetch
Tebow should play all his games on TNT cuz he's DRAMA! Holy crap!
My failed attempt to start a mtb tour company... hahaha
TONIGHT-FILTH FACTORY #2 with DJ's Matthew Filth, Entheogen vs Jimmy James, Panda & Lionclaw (Zeni vs Zoo Plankton) & Lotus Resident DJ XES
I lost my Mom ten years ago from a stroke. Hence why I am on Sully's case to take care of himself.
totally funny
what happened? :(
The NRMA estimates fatigue is involved in one in 6 fatal road accidents.
LMFAO! RT. (: but you're funny. STOP DICK EATTING
#NiggasWithBondeHair Touch Little Girls
RT :Thanks! We hope for the same - our event looks great, hopefully you change the way we do business going forward...
I can go buy a new phone today if my cousind will pick up her freakin phone!
Ron Artest was wrong for the elbow and Harden was wrong for trying to draw an offensive foul. Why else would he be standing in the way?
This Is My New Account Follow This One
Hello everyone in San Diego! We are expanding our network of sponsors!
aw I miss you more. 😒
Second screening of SNOW SHARK: ANCIENT SNOW BEAST was a great success!
Cool - do you like Eldridge? I recently finished a book by him that was super helpful. Walking with God.
Never watched Community? Seen a ton of Law & Order? Watch this week's episode for Adam Schiff.
#inaghettohouse ramen noodle is always on hand
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYMAMAMAHONE hope u have a grt day nd as a #Mahomie I thank u for supporting through everything! :)
Don't miss out on the Student Rush tickets tonight!! Only $10 and still a few left- walkups are welcome!!
She says she wanna take her skirt off, Be my guest! I decided to take my shirt off, And show my chest! And we been sipping on that Merlot...
Answer: I have made a study of this very subject, gleaning from my own work experiences and that of my acquaintances.
Chaladas. Face tanned. Good people. Good times. Yup. It was a good afternoon.
Hooray! RT : getting ready!!!! See u there
Follow me if you are into #accountability #exercise #makeeverymovecount #shakeology #nutrition #workout. R u or someone u know interested???
RT trust me, #PPCAruba can't come fast enough, wish it was tomorrow!
I'm neglecting you again. /:
#JuniorSeau was one of the first players I liked when I 1st got introduced to the game of football, RIP Seau..!!
Mondays get better at Little Darlings ;) Come get $1.50 Longnecks and a lapdance with one of our sexy ladies!!!
Excellent! I'll send you an email. :)
:) RT : thank you so much, Johnny appreciates the support.
This is tweet 100 just letting you know that 12 languages are being selected for "Love in any Language" releasing 1 a month in 2011!
Divorce the story! Never thought of it that way!
Gusgus, Ima need u to calm it down! Im too far away to bail u outa prison.
Thank you sweetie :-) can't wait until she is home. the family feels so incomplete without her
Working stop by, not a carnivor? Chick pea puree is delicious
I Wonder Who's Gunna Tell Me Happy Birthday First . :D
"mother did it need to be so high..."
Primary ballots drop this week Washington! Don't forget to mail them in early!
Awhh(: I had one like that yesterday night.
Yea i'm in the spot. I just sent you a text
I don't feel like running this morning. But I want the results so I'm putting on my tennis shoes.
I wouldn't have mentioned save that someone I know had RT'd...and was hoping to get facts before RTs took off!
#RestaurantWeek in Charlotte, going to Chima tonight...
Is it bad that I enjoyed some red wine instead of tequila on Cinco De Mayo??
En route to Appleton for an event!
check out an app called Google Sky, it let's you view constelletions and stars wherever you point your phone, it's really cool!
OKAY- who's gonna buy me a few shares? DM me... :-)
same going to Dallas. 2 aborted landings, captain says we're running out of fuel and diverting to Austin. Ugh!
can you wait like 2 weeks.. ;D.. Lolol
Amen, Sister!
Darn that parental logic!
Fame play was fun(;
CLOSURE UPDATE: One lane is now open on Powell between 99th and 104th, flaggers directing traffic
It's the thought of warm breast milk hitting the back of my throat that's the turn off. I'm more of an orange juice guy.
Francelli's in LB has all u can eat spaghetti on Mondays and Tuesdays for 5.95! But I had the lasagna!
Last day of winter, and it's snowing. Seems appropriate. :)
😁lol it's only right
Thanks love!
Fuck this generation and it's bullshit trends. Lame as fuck
Have an EXCELLENT weekend!
WeHo health&fit peeps, have u checked out N101 yet?.. go NOW! Wes & the entire crew r the BEST 4 all nutritional supplement needs
Things end, but memories last forever
There's a hole in my heart where you used to be
. come on, you know you want all youtube videos to have the Toaster filter.
"You're a whore..." Marlo Hampton
On this day 1972: Los Angeles Police raid a radio station after DJ Robert Morgan played Donny Osmond 'Puppy Love' for 90 minutes straight.
sitting on a bus to san francisco
I'm wishing YOU a blessed and productive day!
I am so tired>.<
A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows public opinion.
Yay!! It's #Friday! The weekend is here! What are your plans? Going out to see some #live #music somewhere cool in the #SFBayArea? Tell us!
Appreciate it.
The weekend is here which means that I now have the time to do a legit training workout.
Talking on the phone with
Would love to be able to put my subscriptions/channels into lists or shall I say circles ;)
i know, i'm so excited! i only wish that i could see you more!
PA system in center field press box blasting out some classic rock and roll today. Nice setting for a ball game.
sporting 12 pts...enough said. the crowd @ johnnys....subdued like we KNEW we were gonna win!
What is faster than a laser? That was proven last Thursday with bad fish :)
Lotsa of motion today in prepping for addtl shoot being scheduled next week for enhancing footage; increasing sale possibilities
bleh thank god im off tomorrow
A friend just told me that if were gay I would not be, as I'd previously thought, a (small) "bear" but rather an "otter." But I can't swim!
Fragile like a baby in your arms...
got 3 tracks to download - full production to the winner trackpizza.com
omg really??! Woohoo ! :D
NOW ONE DIRECTION IS ON. I LOVE IT.
Thanks for the RT Robyn!
seriously yesterday was the most surreal day of my life.
lusting over mid-century modern houses.
yep pretty much every topic that it says I am influential in I don't believe I have really ever even mentioned, at all.
Too funny... I wonder if that actor even knew he made that face in the scene? I think its hilarious that you noticed it! :)
Just finished watching it. Well done!
better come on and I hope she know she driving
Will we see you two this afternoon at the SCVB openhouse?
So does Morgan Freeman.
Katy Perry to Replace Kelly Rowland for 'X Factor UK'? - First Coast News
Just finished fixing guitar tracks and working on the final mixes with Chris Cosgrove. Will post preliminary tracks on the website soon!
CONAN! ED SHEERAN! THE GINGERS! MY HEART!
We have five graduate so far and graduation is still seven weeks away. It's a very exciting time at the Center!
Woke up to two ppl asking me to breakfast this morning #thatslove 🍳🍞🍶🍉🍓🍊☕
prob not but you can try on abc 7 website or we will post it later
Getting the band ready to go on tour! Check out our page at www.myspace.com/silentbobbandofficial Sound like Pearl Jam & STP! Friend us!
": Job done!!!!!!!!" 2 great outtings in a row, keep it up KRod, proud(& lucky) to have u in the brewer family
Thrilled that I received an invite to use the product for my team. Best looking collaborative task management I've seen in a while.
ur my idol! Love u :)
Some mornings 6:43am seems earlier than others. This is one of those mornings.
Team never ceases to amaze me. I work with some of the most brilliant people in the business.
Everyone had great comments! So much more fun with snark
Everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film.
It's not just reaching the goal that matters, but the quality of life you experience along the way. Amen.
Why 2 hours to calculate? What kind of CPU do you have? And are you using Excel 2007?
just finished A Dance with Dragons. Now dealing with the gaping hole in my life waiting for the next one.
-_- it will change. He dont needa be goina school that early when we live 2min away..
You definitely should! It's a great showcase of local musicians!
ill refollow you right now sweetheart:)
We are continuing to build momentum with yet another endorsement from a major statewide labor organization. Thank you SEIU for your support.
i see(: and thank u(: i do modeling for a store here is vegas
Sup RT : RETWEET if you are up! Tweet me...
Derrick Williams was OK as a freshman!
Ain't no use in complaining.
About to head down to Camden, Alabama to shoot the video to Blues Artist P Love's video "Out Of Those Streets" if the weather permits lol
About to take a shower in a few :P
Thanks for the #FF --- have a creative day!!
Money Over Problem.»
words understood today: fracking and vishing
i appreciate your face
#WWE Holy Shit Is Now Trending World Wide!
oh, ok
Psyched about booking my next movie gig, filming in a couple of weeks. :-} Grateful for the nice Christmas present!
Come to our victory party after you vote! It starts at 7PM at Los Nortenos Mexican Restaurant in Collinsville. Hope to see you there
thanks Elli. Happy holidays to you. Have a great gig on the 1st.
It's crazy how much conditioner I go through in one week.
I think you have a great concept, check out our property management software We hope 2 launch NYD
You guys rock! Can't wait! :)
hes a trainer out of the gym in the Blatz, and I'll put it on the calendar, busy tomorrow afternoon?
RT : Come to think of it, Skrillex may indeed owe me some publishing on that hairdo... (I had to google image of Skrillex)
#demf Every time I see a black shirt with lots of bright white lately, I think it's an Op Ivy shirt.
Random acts of kindness day...pay it forward
Jersey shore today - Watch Fresh Prince FREE: School is Tebow's number is not the king of Blue Ivy.
The genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a condition which common-sense could control correctly.
Newt winning red state SC = Hillary winning blue states NY or NJ in '08. Impressive in primaries; meaningless in general election.
13k tweet goes out to for being there for me through all my annoying bullshit & problems
lol it's only because I've heard stuff about that
How come none of these production companies have considered how amazing even a moderately budgeted FallOut television show could be.
Once more into the fray. Into the last good fight I'll ever know. Live or die on this day. Live or die on this day.
we loved it! RT : Thank you & for their sponsorship of today's Professional Women's Forum
Major revelations!
Best perma in quite some time
Big thanks to my boy for the TOTD. Thank you my good man
Watch out for rats!
Bitch don't think you a star cause you paid 40 dollars extrabforbta weave this week
Very excited! I ordered my first MacBook Pro last night.
Yes, go ahead, but I think we're going to end up going the hitch route.
Happy Mothers Day! Where did you take mom for a delicious "thank you" meal today that she didn't have to cook herself?
That awkward moment when someone asks you what's wrong and they're the problem.
I'll never understand why life seems to give those who deserve better the hardest time.
Hot damn, I love the Allman Brothers Band.
the amount of people tweeting him right now is amazing. it'd be even better if he tweeted me now. love you :)
“: have a good weekend Matt!”hope your weekend was awesome!!
Watched the Pitch, it's cool it's fresh it's Noah's Arcade
#callback, #kitson, and #rodeodrive... i'd say, quite a fun day!
Goodnight twitter.!!!
then it got cheesy cuz you could make a top 32, and then 64,smh
When? I didn't feel it!
What is your current favorite song on your workout playlist? What really gets you going?
The #Redsox new slogan on #NESN is Every Game Matters. Um win one then
what your email?
Suck A Dick Or Sumthin ( ._.)
I guess, in a way, you could say sellouts are somewhat smart. Their goal was to make money; not art or good music..
should i just hang up? :)
An audition? Sounds like fun. I haven't auditioned for something since high school, unless you count job interviews.
Heading to the Kohl Center tonight? Stop by and say hello! We've got a ton of great new basketball gear and Big Ten Champs gear too!
Phyllis Wheatley's letters, how they hail interlocutors & the use of hashtags and RTs to network a spirited activism
I like them against Philly. After that...?
that's what I thought. Just wondering if one of their developments was actually named SouthField! I miss that show.
yea, when she was at the prudential center. It was such an amazing concert. My favorite was when she sang Sparks Fly.
People and things change with time, but memories remain the same.
We love working with ! If you're in the Salem, Virgina area be sure to stop in and check out the salon
Appropriately symbolic. :^)
Another sold out night at lax!! Can't wait for Fat Joe tomorrow!! Couple tables lefts so hurry and hit me up for the last tables 7027506103
can i change the url for a shortened link? I want to use the custom link but have it direct elsewhere
My son posed the question of the day? Darth Vader and Iron man versus Spiderman and Mr. Incredible. Who wins?
ATTENTION #TeamMuldoon #TweetPosse PLS continue to let your voices be heard that you want Patrick Muldoon BACK on #Days ASAP!!!!!!!!
Join FUEL a week from tomorrow for our May Purely Social! Access to METRO, Zen on Seven, & room tours! Can't wait.
u wanna do it at my place or urs? My mom wants to meet u badly lol
Isn't Long the same guy who hired Petrino away from the Falcons? Classy move?
Hey there acting CEO! :) Yep, planning to, altho not sure I have a warranty anymore. According to Apple site it's a software issue? Odd
good things will come my way.
Good Morning!! Did everyone have a wonderful holiday?
u awake
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone. :(
Ten more minutes! I wish the Speech and Debate was still on. The thought of it was what got me through this week.
I'm using this account for nothing but shoutouts now. Message me for one now!
How did I go to Trader Joe's and forget to buy a single potato product? It's unprecedented.
No sweetie' I just moved back to MN from TX. Thank you as well for follow an the connection
Two more shows at universal today 
Thanks for the kind words and recommendation.
yes i think. :) i think you're awesome. fear God more. fear men less! :) & good's the enemy of great. lol
yes ma'am!
thank you for your patience and understanding!
Which massage is ideal for relieving chronic stress, tension and pain?
then you should appear to the naked human eye as a pile of poo poo, oh wait you do!
Only 2 more weeks to go?...
Thanks Everyone! Great Chat. Lots of good ideas shared. That's what it's all about.
college hoops = full of action and meaning ALL year long. MLB = bunch of guys standing around for a ridiculous 162 games.
City of God one of my all time favorites.
Bed smells like her >
But in a tournament, you should be able to root for your conference members, especially ones ranked lower than you...
Bryce Harper's hit two homers in the last two days...and I almost benched him this week.
Myth- #Cosmetic #surgery requires general anesthesia. Truth-Many procedures can be done with a combination of sedation and local anesthetic.
You're a terrible support system.
No. Probably a mid-season trade.
you run a killer publication. keep it up!
always grindin it out here in the AZ Sun....LIVE BROADCAST of our set in Reno tonight... will post link when i have 1
somehow I wouldn't even be surprised.
Yep good to go. Stay safe!!!
Easter Mass
exactly that's why i said lucky u :P
Is an argument really productive or does it solely get people hurt?
i saw last night when he was outside before the concert :)
of course! Go !
The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret is an icky show. Kinda funny, mostly uncomfortable to watch.
RT RT : When you blessed this much; not much bothers you...
have carved out time for some #appengine programming the next few days. uploads anyone?
Congrats on becoming the Sheboygan A's new manager, Kyle!
I am part of the 99%. Now, it's up 2 #OWS, the #1% & the Govt 2 realize that the 1 with the best terms is the 1 I'm sealing the deal with.
Too lazy. RT : still waiting to see you at the gym to get that spring break bod
What do you do to test whether you are hearing someone or not? Do you have techniques you use to check in with others?
Does a ski trip to Aspen make you a successful bond trader, or do successful bond traders go skiing in Aspen?
will you be providing live tweets for those who can't attend?
For we are God's workmanship, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do. -Eph 2:10
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." -- C. S. Lewis
Fellas, when having sex doggy style pull her head back as far as it can go.
haha! I feel ya!
Big phones >> small phones
tweeting from your fire?
Done and Done!
Lol It Technically Isnt Mine Right Now! Its Yours!
in all caps hehehe whats wrong my tweet fellow
Right? I saw the post and saw this job about an hour later! It's a reference position at Chicago State U.
Progress: Email and texting have ushered in an era where you now worry instantaneously if someone is ignoring you.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: How to know which social media platforms to invest time in--Find out where your target mkt spends THEIR time.
Get me something plz!! Lol :): I could really go for some Wendy's right now
I'm so fucking pathetic.
laying in bed bored af
Sultry... because you're busy? That's a good thing. LOL!
Dance Moms Miami <3 :D
Back It Up, Then I Put It In Her Back Door
thought the other 5 were more deserving
oh angela.... i have a giant bruise from rolling into a tree. u werent ther to c it. i couldnt stop laughing tho it hurt
What will I use to ice my knees when I've finished this bottle of wine?
Damn I den left my New York jacket in the hotel!!!! Smh...
not on the patio BUT we built a cool area on the side of our building that's dog friendly-picnic tables, takeout pizza & booze
Instagram where everyone can get their on
- Hey Guys, will look forward to see you at #swingfestevents in miami later this month
PLEASE FOLLOW JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY <3 <3 tell your followers to also ! thanks so much!ur the best!
come to Fetish Houston TONIGHT :)
Teachers, heard about our Penny Cards? Send a SASE, we'll send a card w/ info on a child who died in the Holocaust. Great idea 4 students!
Happy Friday, I see your Listserv was blowing up yesterday. Lol RT Good Morning!!
llnnn thanks babe
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout L
I can't wait to see the show tonight my heart goes out for the men and woman who fight for our freedom
As #SPARC2012 winds down, , executive director will lead closing session.
Good day. Love seeing new clients faces as they realize what they now have access to! Makes my job so worth it!
emceeing for the radio station in BroadRipple today!
I always think I am at the beach on my roof.... Nope just Harlem
House Bill 528, "Any Willing Provider" being heard in House Business Committee.
Why do I have to love food so much?!
are you gon' be at JV Champs ?
and we both know he is the farthest from SHY
Just went to my sister's soccer game. She won 9-5. she scored 1 goal.
It's almost like THEY DON'T GIVE TWO SHITS ABOUT BOOKS.
For a Quick Dry: Essie "Good to Go" >>>> Seche Vite. Never thought I'd say that but Essie doesn't get all goey after a few uses.
lol. I did not hear the tweets. Thankfully. That or the butler picked up my phone for me.
don't think, just go and figure it out later. Mpls is amazing but lots of life to be lived elsewhere.
9/23/09 ASTDRMC.org Developing Assessments with Mike Bridwell Show your customer that training will increase productivity & effectiveness!
Detroit City Council's Thurs special mtg will be discussion on financial stability agreement then we'll vote on it Friday or Monday.
Uh oh, QB Controversy between RGIII and Kirk Cousins!
Nasty public restrooms
Not unreasonable.Some in your position feel can be more "productive" sitting behind their desks doing work.Bravo!
heading out for Cal's bday - hit us if you wanna swing out!
Wicked set!
same here in Texas! It's already been getting hot here.
Don’t make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up. – Thomas J. Watson
Let's even this up for Opening Day... 794 foursquare friends vs. 724 twitter followers. Retweet #Orioles fans! 70 to go!
I know who is Barry's puppeteer and who sent Barry campaiging while he attended WEF in Switzerland with Napolitano...
That's how I roll.
really? thats cool
Baby its just gonna be you and I. c:
Last day of r Black Friday Weekend SALE! Save 10% off everything in the house! 20% off Lamps and Soil! 15%off Grolab tents.
RT : Childhood is like being drunk. Everyone remembers what you did, except you.
Damn I need new people to text or get to know someone
If I see one more meme on Facebook I'm going to spoon my eyes out and swim in my blood.
I can't wait till he's off work!!!
I used to always play mages in DND. Ever play any White Wolf games?
New followers! Show some love, RT!
I remember when we first kissed 
RT We need to tell both DGA --> DNC -----> to send money to Barrett to whip Walker. Please retweet
im alive and well just at work right now.....
mullets = awesome! :)
Happy Hour Green Monkey style is tonight! Hope you'll join Meredith at her 6pm class followed by specials & tasty treats at Salumeria!
anything new with the band mike? :)
"ANSKY? What the hell is ANSKY?"
Not caring what EVERYONE thinks is honorable. Not caring what ANYONE thinks is tragic. Respect the opinions of those you choose to admire.
I like my hands!!
Of course, we're currently in the process of writing and recording and getting a solid show down
Will do!
No worries. How 'bout if *I* say with concern, "You should go home" ? How's my authority?
Don’t forget to stop by the table! We’re giving out prizes so swing by to find out how to get em’!
thanks for the follow!! How's Texas?
is Renee doing your booking for live music? Would like to talk to her about some gigs. Thanks!
It's funny how people end up somewhere that you started out at
Driving up the coast of California with the fam , the fresh air is intoxicating....
You know, GLove doesn't take the stage until 9:45. You could make it after Trace ends at 9:30... Just sayin'...
#BuildYourFans - My main goal is for musicians to be able to make a decent living out of music.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius Gonna miss you.
This Day in American Century Music History: The premiere of George Gershwin's "Porgy and Bess", in New York, NY. (1935)
24 remain. About avg in chips. 12 make profit.
+ - when are you gonna make beautiful babies together?
Eat at WSWB first. Open at 4p. RT : Last show of our Bridgepoint Education Summer Pops tonight!
so exited for the boyfriend video! ahh:P
#NoteToSelf: move out ASAP
aww thanks :) and no it's just Alex. Jackie hasn't been on this account in a while. It's actually been almost 6 months since
haha I understand I'm looking to escape too!
next time you're up, we'll get wasted in the city :)
RIP Cliff Burton
Thanks and #ff right back atcha! :)
“: wow. Bold statement” Sorry, Boo. I wanna hear the right notes instead of some...whatever he's doing. Emo
I asked right wing heterosexual guy yesterday if he could notice if guys are hot. He said no. That always annoys me. Of course you can.
Also went to the wedding picnic site one more time to make sure our planned table arrangement was going to work. It def will. :)
I don't gush over real people because it seems plebeian. So when I say "Sweet Lord, Mr. Thornton!" it is still within my cultured character.
I just voted for your book. Good luck u deserve it boo!!!
Jesus is the Source of all power. When the woman with the issue of blood, touched him he said “I felt power going out from me.”(Luke 8:45)
In my future town :)))
Loads more people to follow tommorow and loads more tweets to fill up your home page ;)
just got home from the mall<33
$10 Artist tickets for #RABBITS tonight at 8. Calling out and our DC brethren!
drive safe the roads are no fun
I don't understand 99% of the shit tweets about...
Ion expect much from ppl, that's why I'm hardly ever disappointed.
yea! I will!
Drop it On My *SFA Takeover* Mixtape 2 RT : S/o to for droppin "left right left" at the club in the nac tonight !
I'm sorry... Just try to think happy.. I've had a hard time too... My mom died.. It's hard but try!! :)
yes sir!
you are so sweet to think of me : ) I'm actually interning w/ Oregon Public Radio this summer. we need to catchup!
Perfect! Everything is on track. About to take a break to eat. Lol.
Damn, I really need to see my Daddy. I haven't hung out w/him in 2 weeks. I feel bad for that.
it was blue i think i cant find it but i creeped again and the one in pink is GORGEOUS>
The Men go on in 30 at Barbarellas
smh. RT Job Seeker Uses The "C" Word in Cover Letter. Yes, it's the one you're thinking of —> bit.ly/xgPe8A
The is most welcome here RT : who'da think it? We did!
So does have two 'Forts' in Austin? wfuentes3 Is one called The Alamo2? #SXSW I'm en route in T-minus 18 hours ...
don't be silly, we don't start scaring you about sharks til June.
& thank you for checking in with us on Foursquare over the weekend!
Bold Head Hoes Now A Days Where Lace Fronts To Throw A Nigga Off.
Instead I will snack on celery, cucumber and Whole Foods brand lemon hummus. No neon orange cheese powder involved there.
Finally! Thank you, I'm sure it won't be but I'm being realistic haha. Anything new with you?
damn you Cedeno!
Thank U:)
oh I've done that. Good times.
big smiles
I'm not saying I need a guy.. but damnit, they know how to pop your back.
“: Looks AND sounds AWESOME. Scored one of those vinyl players at Best Buy” <--Thanks! Vinyl players are neat.
The cost to acquire an iPhone app user who opens the app 3+ times is up to $1.81 #isa3 (via )
Back to work tomorrow after 4 days off. I'm gunna cry 😭
You're welcome. Looking forward to your tweets!
yes. send me your e-mail address, and i'll send you the info.
Stop tweeting so much, I see your tweets every time I scroll down
A server error erased the review and foolish me didn't save a copy. I'll write something about Redleaf's hatchet job tomorrow.
Let's go #Spurs! Big game today.
What's a Danny glover?
Yo chubby gyal provide the best fuck I can tell you !
Don't let the obstacles keep you from moving foward. If you keep trying you will eventually be ????
Lights! Cam! Action!
See you then ^__<3 Don't forget, or I'll cry!
Live every minute. Love hard. Fight for what you care about. Think of her & remember that.
Glee's almost on o h
Take a listen to my mixes....more to come!! Soundcloud.com/djdmannyc
Carelessness. It's done often, especially if a startup is bootstrapping w/o finds for attys. At least, make the effort to edit!
I don't get in until 8PM Vegas time but I'm in DC so it takes forever to get to West Coast
RT Speaking of exercise plan and diet, I have till new yrs to lose 5 lbs. Think I can do?
Music's the medicine of the mind.
Looking for a cool Xmas gift? We have the Betty's Betties Pin-Up Calendars featuring some of our staff as models. Buy yours today, $20!
Thanks! =D
On my way to Vegas to meet up with my best friend for our annual trip to turn $5K into $54, a buffet pass and cab fare back to the airport.
Thanks sis!! I still haven't seen it myself! lol
UFC Live Fight on www.tncnews.com
You're unibrow inspires me.
Vikings Men's Basketball take on Montana Grizzlies Sunday at 1:05PM. Tickets starts at $10. Come or call for more details!
is not me please stop posing as me or i will report u to twitter
Yo soy comer
haha. Yes i do owe drinks. Tix have not been placed at will call as of yet. But will let you 2 kno when I do
My dream is to be. Successful In life I know that I can do it as long as I keep believing in god I know my dream will come ture at the end
Can't believe the Clippers pulled off that comeback. 20+ points in a fraction of a quarter? WTF
couldnt be more jealous.
“Nothing on this planet can compare with a woman’s love" Steve Harvey
Didja have fun?
Good Morning back to you beautiful. Make today great, and
i'll be celebrating freedom...hopefully with the love of my life. Can we confirm that he'll be there?
I'm under my couch too!!
sorry phone died and I'm just getting home. I saw the txt tho I do have an ihome if u want me to take it
Forgetting to bring my headphones to the lib<<
But as long as its here... RT : The sun don't shine forever.
Happy Fringe Friday!
no once upon a time
good luck with that :P
Love minimum days! Got off super early!
Again, Bro where to this time?
I really wanna skip mass..
How's everyone's morning going so far
Bottle of wine, rotisserie chicken and the Canucks game on TV in 30 minutes.
I am FOILing whilest finding the antiderivative in my head and you dont even write it down!
I am thinking about rockin' a mullet for Country Thunder! What do you think?
#agreed! RT : This hotel room is INSANE
My broker actually has a "Countdown Clock" on my financials news page to the Facebook IPO...2 Days 14 Hours! Alas, I'm $250,000 short!
This boy got up for no reason at all & then farts riight beside me... are you serious...
“: Question of the night. If you put all of today's popular djs/producers in a battle royal who would win?” the listeners.
I hate the 20 minute challenge! I cant run that long
"have i told you you're beautiful today?" <3
Thanks for the follow RJ!
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town! Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
Almost 400 followers :D
Cold ones at City Tap en route to the Black Keys.
i followed (:
I Guess I Won't Be Getting No Car Wash Huh
My mom is f'ing hilarious. So glad she's here.
I have had to many individuals ask me: what is the compliance program (CPGM)? This is a big fail because it is the corner stone of success
Oops! No pressure. ;-)
Watched how local tv shows are filmed an aired . . . Definately open to more about broadcasting
no! “: We are hearing Pedro Almodóvar has died. Unconfirmed. Watch this space”
Agh so fukn tired. Work sux i thought it would never end. First one in last one out no break fml. And argued with co workers
working on it...
watching your video on demand<3 and my almost 3yr old niece says I like him hes pretty <3lol shes already got good taste in music!!
What a night! First former WKOW employee Dan Gibbons nabs the Corey Hart HR ball.. Now Rickie Weeks hits a 3-run shot. 7-2 Crew in the 6th.
Sick and tired of you constantly making fun of me.
Hello World. I miss programming.
Naw, it wouldn't have survived anyway
Unbelievable that we waste enough food to provide 4 meals per person for a year
no disrespect to him, he is class if he stays fit but hope it's not true..
If you are looking for the dregs of society, stop by the Safeway near my house at 10:30pm
but you're still a beauty <3
the stars will cry the blackest tears tonight<3
Happy Easter everyone! He is risen!
Gm that's what's up.That was for us all...thanks and you do the same.
Word has red squiggly lines under both "Gaga" and "Bieber." Get with it, Word.
It's true, we're gone. :(
RT if you're going to buy #SaySomethin on itunes when it comes out!
thanks so much! thats so nice! :) hope u had fun and see u next time!
Griddle Cafe on Sunset. Or Square One in Silverlake.
could be a sesame street character. count dracula could be his stage name.
Austin, its been real but we must go home!
I have the same pet peeve. I like book covers.
When I click the link it states that the video is no longer available? Resend to me... Thanks
Hair cut, clothes clean, and swag on a Million... today is gonna be a good day
Hey U know as a Manager U gotta see what Ya Tworking wit early <--- Waay early so U can make (War time) adjustments!
i love GOD:)
I wish i lived in miami D: so close yet soo far away.
#ozzy better win #survivor he's on fire!
happy to hear from u!
you and - have a great trip. Unplug, would ya?!! ;-)
Went to sleep screeming at every1.....Woke up from my nap happy :) point being nice dreams can change you lol :)
People that say "swag" every 5 minutes in class... clearly have none .
I buy her theory that she is crazy though!
so u cool?
Ha! There goes another five year plan down the drain. Congratulations!
An editor with a typo, that is! Fired! Should be: ...you can trust me.
I'm not speaking to the rest of the night. We will tweet til morning
so nice out. with my cigar. n sun. life is great
Petty Lol RT": RT": Phone sex is so fucking boring!!!!!" NO IT'S NOT NOT IF HE'S DOING THE TALKING #LBVVS"
is happy she finally got to see her friend she's been putting off.
let's just say not many ladies take rides in his dodge lol
My G-ma asked me how many tattoos do i plan on getting. I said just 10 & it looked like my G-ma was having a heart attack.lolxz
yay! we should #1 pray for parking for and I, and #2 think about where to eat afterwards.
I know where you can get a lot of perfectly good (well, a little dried out) Xmas trees FOR FREE!
Target documentary on is amaze
Baby I love it when your eyes all red :]
Shows like mob wives and basketball wives inspire me to question the true meaning of life.
Physical Gold of course, unless I get to own one of the printing machines if I choose the Fed & use it like they do.
She's crafty and she's just my type:) another 80's star gone 2 soon:(
NYC first for me this morning ... Bitch slapped by an in-flight pigeon
thanks! had a great time at and im loving #sxswi now! how's it goin on your end?
Ugghhh hangover! At work! This sux......
Bad day for UFC? Network debut lasted 1 min, boxing put up a great 12 round fight
Michael Jackson died What????
track #4 on the "sunkissed" album by
What kind of car do you have?
Feeling ethiopian cuisine tonight!
I hate not being able to sleep.
Uh oh
you be trying to fight too so! lol You told me earlier you just wanted to slap me... my feelings was hurt :( hahaha
www.myspace.com/YoungJSantiago
Carson Palmer and Denarius Moore looking like an explosive duo
Mention me for a #FollowBack or I'm not following you back . lol
that sounds amazing :) hahahaha me well , just same rutine as usual -.- school swimming home HW nothing ' really fun ,
My last paper is finally submitted and I am officially on summer vaca!!
You also have a great weekend!
I love how sings dick in your face on come on a cone...
I've still yet to wish I smoke weed. So you know.
Someday i will have tickets
Let's stop from becoming the next Ben Rapistberger. He's been in a dry spell...er lifetime.
LIVE YOUR BRAND. , psh. i live my bieber. <3
Should be pretty cheap rates for CIS China.
typical hawks fan.....
Wasn't that offside?
I LOVE that dead dog! I'm going to change "dead dog" into a term meaning happy and plucky!
no prob and yup :)
Holy shit guys. They just played here comes the sun for me!!!
Well...That Took Me Somethin Like 40 Minutes....
Timeout Hermain Cain, So you suspend your campaign, just so you can launch a stupid website?!
There are a WHOLE LOT OF police officers and squad cars parked right outside my office window. Think I should put away my "Freeze Ray."
you have fb?
try going to the beach for a bit
I just had some beer, that was in the top five best I have ever had, in life. called "Biere de Mars: grand reserve". It feels like friday.
Is it Tuesday yet?
That really awkward moment when you say something kinda racist and then someone of that race passes by -_-;;
Just watched #TheRiver - scared the absolute piss out of me, no joke. I'm gonna have 20 different nightmares tonight about it, for real.
I love reading all of your RTs to your fans. I NEED to see you in concert soon.
Hey Shanoon Im expecting you don't answer this tweet, but you are Shanoon Moore so Im Expected the unexpected :P
I do not understand why people call, don't leave a message, then get upset when I don't call back. I don't have ESP ya know.
FREE Wine Tasting 4-6pm & Open Mic Night 7pm-close tonight at Crush!! Also, Happy Hour is from 4-6pm (1/2 Price Sushi, Wine & Beer!)
You look so amazing!
Hey, do you have anything going on on Wed 6/13? May be moving the par-tay to Solly's kostume karaoke.
brotha the movie comes out today!
Hi Jen - Here's the info I couldn't find earlier:
good morning everyone
Major shoutout to for the completion of his final exams! Graduation is Saturday, and law school awaits! Congrats!
happy day b4 ur birthday.. Heading out of town tomorrow so early happy birthday!! And don't forget to stop by Sprinkles !!
Hey World!
Guy Kawasaki says go see Never Say Never..who knew it was a marketing how-to film?!
Hahaha! Take that, virginity.
The #Bruins lose in a shoot-out....
#itsawesomewhen someone buys me food
Why am I sleeping so late again?!?! Gaaah!! Sometimes, I just don't understand myself!
Yeah it was! I wasn't expecting the avengers to be that good either
cheak it out.
#sometimesyouhaveto let go of what you love most and just accept it
Where's all our new friends?!
OK, that makes me feel better :)
#CharlesBarkley Uh-oh. Off-air scam comments. Youtu.be/XOAPL5Td7uo
Drinking is the one thing in my life I don't do half-assed.
We love Jeremy Lin! He's so hot! Congratulations on all your success!!! Please retweet! Go Knicks!
I was super tired at your house and now I cant fall asleep -_-
I'm trying to make this shit sound authenticious.
How come pass interference wasn't called
wtf kinda Dj is that! If a girl stay wet umm thats a problem! Lmao!
post grad plan:
Her big ass acting like a chicken. Her big ass No she to damn big for three she
C'mon, Rest of the World, BEAT THESE ENGLISH BASTARDS. (No offence).
RT ": Why did people go to work today!? It's a HOLIDAY"> oh yeah which one?
welcome to the peg!
Ugh. It never fails. I always want Chick-Fil-A most on Sundays.
We have a format somewhat set. We know what we want, now it's just a matter of finding distribution. Oh, and a name/host. Suggestions?
Congratulations to Woody Allen for his Oscar for Best Original Screenplay!
Love being an #archivist- I open up a folder from accession of #NOW materials &Gloria Steinem & Betty Friedan's faces are staring up at me!
You're not part of the family, so stop butting in! I didn't ask for your opinion, and I don't care to hear your criticism!
chill son I remember wen u wasnt off dat marijuana wave ! Product of ur environment huh !
I have to start all over again because of stupid drama.
thanks for the follow Travis!
Consider a Cornerstone gift certificate as part of your Mother's Day present!
I'm not trying to expose you. Everybody knows you.
I try, I really do :/
That Moment Of Pure Joy When You Open The Fridge And Someone's Been Shopping...
you + #ward5 voters?
Chea, I just had some
Louise, Louise, Louise!
Alright I'm on my way to the ATM for some cash, Haha.
- me too. A classy guy and a great player. I loved his crossover dribble and the pull up 3-point jumpers! He was MONEY!
we're highly considering that surgery if he blocks again. :( and thank you. <3
UWM SCE Spring Writers Festival begins today..Kao Kalia Yang, author of "The Latehomecomer. A Hmong Family Memoir". Not too late to sign up!
no I don't have yahoo messenger. I've never set up a screen name, but my email is yahoo haha
she like to do it with the lights off , it don't matter to me if it dark or not.
Not cool, I really, really like Awake.
My HTC Amaze4G just shipped! Merry Christmas/Happy Birthday to Me!! Yay!
at that the truth!!!
If you follow then you need to also follow
you'll have to see it Friday because obviously my lighting is terrible
Great topic for discussion "so does #Oasis: What's the Story Morning Glory? Count as a one #album wonder?"
Just found out is getting a lot of votes from #Texas. I think tweet is helping
ew I'm in a room FULL of people who don't like Nicki Minaj. and I'm slightly drunk so I'm like -_____-
So you get reconnected, run to Staples to print out new badges (& yes they did arrive 5 min after everyone checked in), speaker shows up.
Grad Student Bowling Team sign-ups now! Three 4-person team spots remaining for Tuesdays 9pm @ The Annex. Email to join
Going jogging for 40 minutes, then getting in my sit ups.
Good, I didn't want to offend a Canadian for the umpteenth time this week LOL
I'm the happiest girl on earth!
Hate how as soon as you are seen going to a girls house, it is assumed that you are shagging... Get over yourselves...
I can't believe I actually made all of this happen
Best of the LA Times Book Fest: New California and Old, and Bruce, too! - OC Weekly (blog)
LOVE YOU TOO SKRILLEX
I'd say RP (biased choice of course) b/c of expansion into 2 new regions in Jan. & several new regions in the fall
Don't get treated ! Lmao
I'm right here.
knew you were picking #paint. Glad I didn't get loco.
the secret of Nimh
is Mallory really in the hospital. Which one?
congrats mama!
Calling all #Wisconsin bloggers. Let's help Milwaukee win the #SoMeT12 final destination!
I'm excited to hear Newark mayor Cory Booker tonight ! He seems like a really interesting leader.
go suck a fat baby ballz
just heard our tune #barefootbluejean!
Hello everyone i hope you all are have an amazing day and we are all accomplishing our desired goals one step at a time! level up everyone!
you are sweet.
I don't think it's possible to hate another human being as much as I hate my linear algebra professor.
delayed with once again - 2 for 2 this summer to the same destination.
it's okay!It's not your fault!(: &I'll just throw it up tho xD I'm eatin goldfish right now,even tho Imma throw it up.LOLOL
Will that work? Have you tried doing that? LOL
Hunter, when do you come back to Chicago? Any time soon? :)
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed. George Burns
we haven't talked in the longest time miss u
Surfer boys are dope!
RIP Howard Zinn. Lesser known is his immense influence on archives and archivists. "Secrecy, Archives, and the Public Interest": a classic.
At park with kids 5, 3.5, and ~2, saw 3 kids under 6 with iPod/iPhones using them to take video as they rolled through the park.
so classic. Love twitter for those amazing follows.
A full life comes by having the right motivation, taking immediate action, and showing gratitude no matter the outcome.
Stop by shoppe today get a jump on holiday shopping and stay for a show 4-5 pm
Another great weekend was enjoyed by Single Gourmet members. There are lots of new singles events coming soon so be sure to join us today.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT!
bad first half for the hoyas huh?
"Don’t sit down and wait for the opportunities to come." Get up and make them! – C.J. Walker
Steinem at #NEASC11: Money is boring (unless you do something interesting with it) and there is no concept of "enough."
no doubt in my mind you are going to blow them away!
Foot pedals are a definite game changer for transcribing interviews.
Have u ever gotten so upset that all u can do is cry. I'm bout to fuck this office up!!!
Wiz always has the best tweets
So excited that is coming homee tomorrow <3
Students and travelers all around the world, stay tuned for some news and updates on where to go, what to do, and how to do it
I cannot multitask; I also cannot multi-sense, meaning use more than one sense at a time effectively.
Epic #pepsi comm with elton john and the x factor winner
The humans' little human likes those pear-shaped one, and the more colors, the better.
I just read that according to a Congressperson, the Old Testament is not part of the Bible. Cool, out goes laws on adultry and murder!
hittin twitter up tonight!!(:
I heard someone talk about it. I don't know if he actually WAS because I haven't seen any pictures, but I don't know.
Good stuff, coach!
Opportunities are tossed at you daily! How you handle them will determine your Lifestyle a year from now!
We need to eliminate 'no child left behind'
Greyhound racing is fun. I recieve tired after a few laps though, the old legs arent what they used to be...
Philadelphia Phillies Old School Pitching Matchup Features Two Rock Stars: Fan&#39;s Take
When did LGF become a liberal site? I'm confused.
y'all lying to me !
Attended a great meeting at the Conifer Chamber with the Jeffco Commissioners. What an active chamber!
I've been trying to support, but I've been busy preparing for Cannes. Glad you enjoyed it.
Vigil for SD native Michelle Le, missing and feared dead in Bay Area. Friday 7 pm. Hilltop Park, Rancho Penasquitos
Hanging with old travel buddies the next couple days see you all soon
If you his could only see the grocery list I am getting from my hubby right now!!!! LMAO. Made my day!
wow the ending of monsters inc is stupid why didn't they squish the old slug lady
How many times will I have to forgive you?
Get better soon!
Zig Zag and For food: , We look forward to seeing you!
I handed in my resignation at UNL Libraries this AM. Starting on April 3 I'll be Library Director at Kilgore Memorial Library in York, NE
how the Besto Pesto
Despite the Cowtippers loss, is there any doubt who the dominant conference in college basketball is?
HOCK-E!
Sad that we about to graduate and most of these niggas still childish.
It's chillin time going to watch the evening News...I need to write some more jokes
ill save u it don't worry
I'll check it out, thanks.
I feel bad for the pple at starbucks there all in a hurry xD
This game seems so slow.
The monthly fee for the typical homeowner is equivalent to two cups of coffee! Only $10/month for neighborhood priorities!
Face mask, nails nd hair with my boo be4 heading out:)
Watching the knick game and attempting to do homework
"Accept whatever you're doing and just exist or stop talking about what you used to be and do something completely different"
bro you need to cheer up
bubble bath
aren't you study???
Don't worry about who likes you, just like yourself.
love you too beautiful :)
Walking to work on this gorgeous morning. Love DC. Love life. So ready for this new chapter. Let the games begin!
Help support Line Please! Follow us and DM us Feedback! We want your help to make line please better!
TROY SAYS CALL CAIGE DRUMSTICK CAUSE HE SHOVED A DRUMSTICK UP HIS ASS LOLOLOLOL
right back at you
do you like New York City?
I like your style! ;)
that was easy
or is it the patience
Just almost got attacked by a rat in my basement. Shew that was scary.
At work callin for a
We all fall prey. Forgive yourself. RT : Whoops! Just opened it and have plenty to do today! Great site!
anxiously awaiting 10a,
we are working on that now. Hopefully very soon.
Lol all the teachers at my school are ignorant or rude as hell. What the fuck?
God is God, and God is good.
- thanks for posting about the Daedalus Project. Wasn't on my radar. Interesting...
We've got lots of treats and fun stuff to eat while you're here...plus, Tom the Woodchuck brings all of his handmade wooden toys & gifts.
Anybody in Atlanta? // MT : Police surrounding Frazer home at 3662 Wellhaun Rd in Decatur right now! Need people here 4 support!!
I know I wasn't at the dance, but I loved Cade's surprise. I saw it when he was packing up. He looked at me and said, "This is my surprise."
Honestly, for that amount, you should be able to write a review saying "This sucks, it's stupid, and I hated it" and get an acceptance
Woot im alive.
Hire slowly & carefully is 's advice to entrepreneurs
Thank you to the 700+ people who participated in todays webinar -"Putting the Freud in Fraud: Why the Fraud Triangle is No Longer Enough"
haha good joke
Tonight at 11pm we'll be facing The Cartel Please come out and support us! Tweet at us for comp'ed tickets!
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation FTW!!!
I'm loving it...Willy-Style.
You'll find St. John's a great place to launch your future from. Congrats, Professor Charles Wankel
Better to go back than go wrong.
I hate when girls act dumb because they think it's cute.
creative suggestion!
Money talks and bullshit walks, I bet he's a shitty father
I had to rewatch the chainsaw scene in Winters Bone (2010)
High af smokin watching the rain fall
#spotify = my new favorite
True enough -- I'm nothing if not analog ;)
If you jump out of a moving car for Golden Coral you deserve the severe stomach ache.
A person must stand very tall to see their own fate. -Danish Proverb
Oh. Such similar names then!
Gig quit last nite @ 11:45p, so 2nite is my 1st live music of the year! Yea! Rah! Whoopie! HAPPY NEW YEAR!!
Fun!! RT : Me too! But I think my daughter has me beat. she hasn't stopped talking about this week..she's 6 lol
Grilled Cheese Sandwich's taste a million times better at 1:40 AM than they do at 1:40 PM.
Happy Cinco de Mayo Amigos! Fiesta <3
Would have waited until everyone was back in school around mid-Sept. Plenty of time even then.
