yo write on the twitter that we got the shipment in!
Wasn't the nba cracking down on flops? Just like Boston fans, a bunch of fake cry babies
oh that shit called sleep paralysis
Thanks! I'll have to come down to read and print that out.
White stuff is falling from the sky. What could it be? Looks like dandruff clouds are shedding.
man how i feel fuck friends who need them
One week until the Tony's! Gotta rediscover my jazz hands.
Thanks for getting me over 400 followers! You all rock!
Agreed. My Christmas Tree is not lighted and never will be if I can help it.
Yep. RT : Things in your past have made u who u are today. stronger, smarter, and ready for the FUTURE!
Post-dissertation, I want to do an edited volume on the Anthropology of Obsolescence/Decline. Who's in?
One cool thing when writing a book is that when you are done with a character he can simply died :D
In da building w all up n Vip
Talking library related legislation at the COL/Leg Assembly joint meeting
This Is Just Crazy..! Im Mad I..Punched A hole In My Wall,Screamed At My Cat, And Screamed At The Neighborhood :(
Sometimes I keep my feelings to myself because it's hard for someone else to understand”
Ima man of position ima man of influence
Be the best ever.
Happy Mother's Day!
you forgot 1 thing... american football haha
I take it that you SUCK in English cuz it yes he WAS
So much love to today, an incredible man, mentor and friend.
Luv that our vehicle has wi-fi & #iPhone chargers so we can tweet & stay connected while we travel.
i love your story <3
Okay - my cold is gone and I'm ready for Monday. ;)
Damn my old ipod music is so good.
I hate when the bottom of my pants leg get wet from the rain eew!
Our policy is 24+, but we'll do jobs as low as 12.
: Hiding in a shelf at Walmart and grabbing random people's ankles when they walk by...
dude Love Drug is like one of my favorite songs!!!! Can't wait to jam it the next two days likes a boss!!
Gossip's new album is taking me places right now.
Two hard boiled eggs and green tea w/ honey for breakfast.
No! (Okay)
oh watch out. Is it the one that's like mine?
Yes! Betty White redeems the #Superbowl ads.
Contact with a high-minded woman is good for the life of any man - Henry Vincent
I'm really looking forward to finishing this Petit Courbu off tomorrow. Will be interested to see what happens to it overnight
Did I hear that right? Bryce Harper has JJ Hardy's Moby at bat song??
In defense of bullies, don't label them bullies, call them "students who bully" same with "victims" call them "students that were bullied.
next I think I'll play "come away" by, yes, Anything Box - wonderful songs
You have to do things that average people don’t understand, because those are the only good things. -- Andy Warhol
Uptown hookah packed already!!
I need to save money!
my opinion is that the rates should be what ever the free market sets them at.
trying to find porschia on twitter!!!
this is legit. I want to meet the maine!
Am reading a zombie version of The Gingerbread Man to them today (via ), hoping that appeals and inspires.
....if I pick it up, I'll be there right on time.
if your going to right about hockey, can you contribute 4 features very 2 weeks?
#NP Melanie Fiona : Been That Girl
it was great connecting with you as well. It's always nice meeting people that want to help sharpen young professionals.
In the prime of his career, 2000-2007, Warren Sapp earned $43,612,490. Yet today it is being reported that he filed for bankruptcy!!
Alternative School Again.. For Tha Rest Of The Year, I Hatee Hchs . Ughh.
price you pay for being famous I guess lol
yea, the BRONX
right back at ya! can't wait to see the gorgeousness you have been working on :)!
can I get a followback please!
How about them #Dolphins? Can they run off 7 straight and sneak into the AFC east division title? Stranger things have happened!
Gotcha.. its pretty funny!
until further notice, if i don't respond, it's bc i'm asleep. if that seems unlikely, just go with it.
Just realized I've been quoting the movie View From Above for years: "You put the wrong em-phasis on the wrong syll-able."
Glad to see is having a retweet party tonight.
I tried French this year, let me just say, it is not my forte! LOL
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Are you coming back to team up with Triple H as DX to win the tag team championship? all of your fans hope so!!
If tweetcaster force close on me one more time. It's going to be r.i.p.for it
John Baker on dry erase markers - I didn't know they worked on paper. Guess what? They do!
cracked 6 eggs. average weight = 1.73 oz. standard deviation = 0.05 oz. amazingly consistent!
l know!
really awesome
"I need to laugh, and when the sun is out, I've got something I can laugh about."
Word to my muva, I bring the rarri out.
Need a Recharge? Stop by the #Educause Power Station to reenergize your batteries & learn more about
You know you're taking a shower to procrastinate when you spend three and a half minutes scrubbing the palms of your hands with a loofa.
Another sunny day (doesn't look like we're going to break 65-degrees tho); live music @ the Brown; Karaoke @ Dingbats; DJ Jack @ the Coney..
Just paid $10 for a $550 phone! :)
I have to do it all on my own bc of lack of insurance. I got a book & Ive been trying to memorize them. It seems the more I do >
you're coming over?
#tigerwoods Pebble Beach National Pro-Am, I would love to see a Tiger WIN! <3
Friday i let the party get the best of me ^_^
I bet! But so rewarding at the same time! Let me know how it all goes :)
Good to know that. She already made you feel proud at this age. You are lucky!!!
#youknowyourhighwhen you can never hit the ending note on
“There’s only one God, ma’am,and I’m pretty sure he doesn’t dress like that.” -"Captain America" -The Avengers movie
Good Morning, Please take out a second to
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who always have you ctfu !
It's all jhutch's fault cuz he is playing Peeta in #thehungergames. Is disgusting how I like him.
Off for another long filled day full of work then meetings about the world ending.
Yes, Becuase guys are jerks, I hate them all.
Playoff Basketball is not boring, that's for sure! :)
that sounds both spiritual and kinky
Ah. At least you save $$s. $8.00 for the large container. I blame my for making me an addict
You'd have to be a dumbass to believe #GOP spin #JPM decline is cause of over regulation.
BREAKING: RT Legislators think the end is near
Still The Badest Bitch !
: The Artinfo thing? Not sure, but I posted it on the Walker site and we tweeted it. Glad to see it's getting attention!
A long wait at the CVS pharmacy has opened my eyes to the comeback of old school candies: laffy taffy, razzles, warheads, oh my!
Oh no. my stomach is starting to hurt again... i dont think there's anything left inside me though.
indeed my boy indeed
oh he's got
A civil disobedience.
#SomeWhereOutThere is a girl who just got some shoes from Bakers and when she goes out tonight.....you won't be able to tell her NOTHIN!
Not many have found success in fighting once they start their own gym. Its usually Bcuz they pick their sparring instead of surviving
i agree! Go Maltese!
if I was in Louisville, I would be going to flabbys with you. Love that place
what kinda goodies are you giving away on this hump day?! :)
yo can you call me as soon as you can. Trying to put this reel together and I need a Lil footage from yah. Peace
Freedomm is just a
You can have everything you want in life if you'll just help enough other people get what they want.
Who will be the new face of RocRio Designs?????? you are not ready this.....????? #fashiongigs #F³
oh .....I give it up for love all the time. I admit it .....I'm addicted. \8^)
Bye Bye Birdie rehearsal went amazing today! Great job guyss!!! Good luck tommorw ;*
that doesn't seem awesome at all. That seems terrible!
AP story reporting Whitney Houston has died...
I would like to apologies for any misappropriated messages that went out on twitter. I was hacked.
what time is it there? awkiesss
thanks man I owe you 1
no problem(;
bro when you get outta the powda this season, hit me up for some stock tips and tricks
it volunteer 4 now but will eventually B a paid job gotta start sumwhere & it is doin wat I love 2 do :) blessings 2 U
Good morning Friends! Stay dry in this #Miami weather :)
Happy Wednesday! Today we'll be closed 4-5pm to set up for a FREE PLAY Party! Just $5 at the door for gaming all night. Doors at 5pm, 21+!
Getting ready for Cross Church "Moving Forward Conference" day sessions here in Bakersfield, Cali.
you suck. Nice
Number 4: Ethiopian Queen : The well fed ones though...
Ha! Yes! That one is so true.
We would just now be learning about the environment in geography
Omg I have the worst allergies.. Completely out of the blue.. Haven't felt like this in years
u moved?! I am home next weekend!
At the Venice Beach hoop courts getting my Billy Hoyle on
I just posted a new blog...check it out on www.thehome-office.com It's all about home-based business true grit. Helene, The HBB Expert!
hi,i'm the girl who loves you ;)
We'll see you all tomorrow that are attending the Breaking the Silence Luncheon! It should be a wonderful program again this year!! :)
Note new location for likemind Chicago - Spa Cafe, 112 W. Monroe, between Clark and LaSalle Streets in the Loop
Order your holiday treats today! Pies, cookies, tarts, cupcakes, stuffin' muffins, and pastries, oh my! www.kangaandroux.com
They have plenty of spare time to debate important issues like home brewing, with their top notch education system at
I swear my syncing software ate a chapter draft. NOT COOL,
Great workshop with Melanie Burgess!
Thank you for the heads up :]
Reading Chapter 1 re: getting rid of clutter. I needed this reminder! Muy importante!
Oh I'll try lol Chris Motionless is only the sexiest mother fucker alive. :D Haha.
Cant sleep -___-
Where your finish line becomes/a crayon-box horizon - the disenfranchised/cones in our eyes (an affinity for/colder days and nights)
I love my mother<3... Shes the first women ANY man should love! <3
"Why are people depressed? Mental imbalance, loss of piety, the seasons, tides, the moon...the COSMOS!" -Social Theory prof.
It may not be sexy but you have to do the unglamourous work to establish leadership competence
Mediterranean-Style Diet Improves Heart Function
Was the Voting Close for NBA MVP between LeBron James & whoever was Runnerup (Kevin Durant) etc?
make sure you hit the Drover!!! My favorite place when I'm in Omaha. Best glazed carrot in town.
It's a pretty day today :)
I'm still embarrassed isabel told Trent
That would be a Nemo's call -we have no control over that. We will be serving free dogs, #BabyRuth candy bars, &
wah...what will he tell Jesus when his name is called?
stop tweeting at the table
Nap-doped. Day one of unemployment.
The secret of a free day is that you don't tell anyone you have one.
Never regret. If it’s good, it’s wonderful. If it’s bad, it’s experience.
Worst case of hiccups I've ever heard coming from this man next to me.
Check out - he's the casting director that put together the cast of Jersey Shore
THANK YOU pastor! i might have to "borrow" (morning assault) as my am hashtag ##
Did I miss anything last night?
Dr. Oz says there's a "sexual famine" in America...yup, and it's right at my damn doorstep.
my birthday was awesome becuz madison followed me :)!! i turned 19
Started out to make chicken & dumplings. Made a U-turn into smoked paprika & shallot chicken with polenta.
ATTENTION!!!! Official pricing is $17 money due Monday or tuesday please Shirts should be in by not this tuesday but next tuesday
Positive forward quick action crushes fear and doubt. -Zach Marcy
#InMiddleSchool flipping a lock was beyond BA.
I wanna rock wit u
Right now, I'm eating a god damn banana and trying to figure out how to do this shit. I am a computer retard.
is it raining?
I won't be anybody's second choice. You either choose me or you fucking loose me.
it's taking me forever to tag all the people in Facebook
I hate it when people argue on twitter :(
yes sir, Aaron white is the real deal.
Great talking to you as well! Thank you for ALL that you do!
Netflix Subscription - $8.00 Dr.Pepper - $1.79 Blanket - $15.00 Staying up, watching movies && hearing Matthew and Toupoc snore. Priceless.
TODAY IS GOING TO BE A GOOD DAY LMAO....I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!!!
Lil Kim was definitely on my flight...she's 4'9" MAX
#calibconf awesome repurposing ereaders to book club in a box program sac public!
Maisha house w/ me ??
Everyone follow I'll dm/follow whoever does! Retweet to let me know you did :)
lol sorry! No its because I had people complaining about me complaining at one point not trying to insult you!
Damn do ppl just tweet n tweet n bullshit all damn day.. fuck.. go do something wit ur self, enjoy life
If you don't turn up listening to flocka something wrong
Absolutely. We're planning on updating it often as new #dealpro folks pop up on our radar. :) Feel free to recommend people!
Thanks for sharing! :)
Coconut creamer! I have to try that. I already drink coconut milk with my cereal.
With all this practice I'm getting with Draw Something, you'd think I wouldn't still draw like a 5-year-old.
we do them in a separate space or lobby. Lose some but those there really want 2 engage.
definitely sitting in silence. Get that bitch a hearing aid, Bitches love hearing aids.
i hope the lakers make bynum their franchise player - so that they'll crash and burn.
Going to c my man Kevin Howard rock 1st Friday...
RT : Finally caught up on 4th and forever. Great show. Watch it.
thanks Josh. Firm believer that wine was made for great clothes :)
quick lunch... someone help me escape!
We are talking smack about you since I showed your film to my animation class.
Well Faith you must have been hearing something else cause I am not a Hanson fan. M no. :)
Y can I not stop thinking about him is it cuz he hurt me or cuz we was my first!!
I'm scared for how obsessed I will be, haha!
wat it do how r u!
100 thousand on the watch, who say u cant buy time?
I never date men younger than me. But my neighbor.....YOU ARE THE ONLY EXCEPTION
watch the deleted scene one
Good gawd.....the Countess is singing again. Lord help me.
RT : On the road again, headed to Roch Vegas for biggest game of the year...NLL championship game saturday at 730
how's blue earth m'dear? we miss you in Seattle
That article was about a town in Montana... I'm surprised they've even heard of it by now.
Hey I heard what happened I hope you recover real soon... But I missed my alto buddy today:)
Yes. it would be. it would be funnier if you had a really awkward name instead ahaha. only kidding though, but really.
exactly. Whoever it is, I've been there and it's not worth abuse in any form. :/
#stressedout now until finals are over
Stray Cat Strut
Current design guidance is not keeping up with existing literature on transpo. Sharrows took a decade to get into the current manuals
If I ask my mom to take a picture for me with my phone there is a 99% chance it will be a video of me yelling "IT'S THE BUTTON ON FRONT!"
hi guys! it took the beaudins to get me back on twitter! :) miss u guys also. we're doing great!!!
Get a head start on this happy trail - Attleboro Sun Chronicle
Thanks for following us you seem like a really cool group!
"my youth was just sold off I mint condition, and with no store credit!" how lame.
All applicants notified [via email] will soon be publishing line up!
Words matter. An apology and measured response seem to be in order.
Me n other geminis don't get along
lol I hit you up the other day to get no response.
Simple Pleasure of Springtime: Savoring that very first perfectly ripe just-picked loquat. M.
If there is ever a real tornado during school there is no way in hell I'm staying on the second floor!
'GARY' Is better than some of the names that float around our office. ;)
It's politics, and Hip Hop is the scapegoat. Horrid, but a sad reality.
It is time to see what you are really made of!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH damn julie,u literally made my morning!!! good one, mama! lolz
Is it immature of me to have a strong desire to watch the twilight movies?
well I will be breathing with you tonight!
Still going! Reading MAM admission applications galore!
I wonder if is gonna go to Guatemala or El Salvador :D
Now Chinese food is also clinging to my inner mind's stomach
Why am I tired I slept like 11 hours today
Drunk Senior citizen karaoke
I felt some gibbering terror when the journalist used "baited breath" instead of bated. Honestly people.
If you're a guy, don't text me every day. I find it EXTREMELY annoying. Leave my phone alone.
We have just about every size and color of St. Christopher medals at Schwanke-Kasten. Engraver will be in on Thursday!
If I were to ever win the lottery, the first thing I'd do is make sure my mom could retire. :P
happy birthday love
Yes, but it's a different type of observation. Academic direcors get super petty as if they have a quota to fill.
hahahaha, I like that! I'm IN too.
RT Free Vault Soda from anytime you show your MUID. No purchase needed
Goodnight you guys.!
ohh i was reading ur UserName :)
BTW. how do I follow back on the blip fm thingy. Where does the reblip go?
If you believe in your revelation and idea, it will come true
At www.NewspapersforTheBlind.ORG Jerusalem Post ~ Abbas- Israel Must Stop Settlements
maintaining the status quo will get you left behind.
Congrats on the #EMMY nomination !
happy #ff and thanks for the reminder! Will get my VIP tix right now.
Any home remedies for a wicked sore throat?
Happy 4th of July! We hope everyone is enjoying the day!
i already kno sugar....real Gs stick together...
he's coming next monday to miami cant wait to see my little baby boy
Cause I'm never goin down, I'm never givin up. I'm never gonna leave, so putcha hands upp.
Our District admins who withold Title I, II & I from poor kids should be held under the moral microscope! Don't H8, educ8!
Up thinking... Feel empty as fuck!
Thanks for the mention.
no! I wasn't with her
Will never understand a non-designers aversion to
Thanks Thomas Boutell, Tom Lane, and others for pushing .PNG. Thank you Mr. Fromme for suggesting "PNG Is Not Gif" -PING!
i hate this damned #brokenheart of mine
DBD would smack you for saying he's more important than #lennon ..you are already bad enough at chatting sports..now music 2 ?
Dear Cris Carter hasn't added anything meaningful to your programming. It's time to cut bait
I see gaga everywhere!!!!!
Watching #projectrunway can't believe I slept all day and missed it
follow me
I know I figured it out yesterday. I hate yes dear. Because they usually played it till one. Not anymore -_-
Yes! RT : Thank you Coach Hinson, , and Conner for being such great jayhawks.
RT : New blog on getting your game ready 4 when U.S. legalization: tinyurl.com/42ndv36" Good read. >> thx mike!
En route to Austin for Keller Williams Franchise Systems Orientation... Who is there to connect?
Firmer Fantasyland dates, details released | Video
I know hijinks ensue, but what do the other two do? RT : Hijinks! Shenanigans! Tomfoolery!
Your "Spontaneous Scholarships for SAA Annual Meeting" is a wonderful idea. Reminds me that #archivists are a community. TY!
PLR products are not enough for creating a loyal trusting following.
Thanks... we really appreciate the shout out!
I'd like to wish all the LA comedy promoters good luck in getting an audience tonight.
We have a winner! Good job Joe!
: Please don't open a DM from me that says "someone is saying bad things about you"
These flops should seriously draw a tech. No joke.
lol met a girl who thot X was my last name
Despite the mess, I am still proud to be a Penn State Nittany Lion.
lol OK how are you doing.
Mexico Institute, please take me.
In my daughters Barbie shoe store you get a free horse with a pair of boots! What a deal!
as in an interstitial series? That's a goal :) let's email. Dm me your direct email so we can chat more in depth
It was bound to happen sooner than later! It's perfect jorts weather.
marc better than pau gasol and ion give a fuck what nobody say. atleast this season
The average person's skin weighs twice as much as their brain. Just a random fact :)
So, what's it like in the real world? Well, the food is better, but beyond that, I don't recommend it. ~ Bill Watterson
Thats good stuff
OMG that sounds dangerous haha... I'm slightly tempted by that description, not gonna lie!
so i just gotta say, i love ur tweets:)
Unbelievable.... tries to act as if it is a matter of opinion whether or not she took a vote
me too! I'm half-temped to go try to sleep in my big yellow bean bag chair
oh, I see that you aren't happy to read me.. :S not problem :)
Coachella With Anyone else coming?
Debit NYC Green Cart $1,100 Credit Investment in NYC Green Cart $1,100 Thank you to my first-round investors!
In Denver for AERA. Just landed. Now to make the long trek from the Denver airport to actual Denver.
Don’t forget…Next week is Admin. Professionals week and we are offering $25 promo cards for take-out orders of $150 or more!
. We love the Jade travel mat. Light enough to travel, but rugged and nonslip. Great bang for the buck + lots of colors too!
Play Self Destruction -lol
1OAK dancers look like Black Swan...nightclub version
Introducing to "Call Me Maybe" bahahaha. I can tell he loves it.
"The words you'll most regret are the ones that are left unsaid." ❤
I soo need to vent cause these weird feelings I'm having are killing me
Stop it
Sending a wish up to that bright star lighting up the sky tonight....
Shutter Island with my mom. "Oh yeah...Mom, I forgot to tell you, Leonardo DiCaprio is my boyfriend" :]
If its the last thing ill do from this day forward ill prove that to you I love you baby.
Right back atcha!
Summer’s in the air, & baby, Heaven's in your eyes. <3
Never seems to work.
Terence Edwards...thanks again for the follow. -douggieb
Tomorrow may be too late to trend #prayforlewismighty He is a beautiful 7 yr old boy given just hours to live!
would UK have to win the tourney to secure #1 seed? Overall#1 I'm sure they would have to unless the Cuse tumble
I'd have to pull up the cache files to get my fix
Final tips are being shared and closing down. Dry run and having host is critical
5 Bald Eagles in Occidental Square this afternoon! Seagulls are in a tizzy. Wish I had my camera.
I change a Chris Brown song as quick as I change an Uncle Kracker one.
the loss of habitable affordable housing in our nation (and city) should constitute one big crime scene. Just sayin'.
Don't act like you don't know! I told you when I was at your house I was making a new account
I'm sneaking her a filled flask just to make the reception more interesting...
back to sleep
At work living the fucking dream
Snow in New Mexico. Stay warm and drive safe. Have a safe Monday!!!
Today’s MOCA specials: Soup of the day is Salmon Chowder. Sugar free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Happy Cinco De Mayo! We're open 12pm-4pm for lunch & hangover fixin' & 11pm-3am for late night!
haha i think you need to switch careers
#msnbc get rid of Andrea Mitchell- tired of her TRYING 2 tell me HOW & WHAT to THINK!! I CAN THINK on my own! She is a disappointment 4 tv!!
What da hell is a break booster ? What job is it to make a car run? Damn piece cost $600. Really?
Thank you to for her great story on the California Innocence Project!
Fox news will be reporting the loss of me on Facebook, guess I'm that big of a deal.
i sswear if Ed Sheeran starts getting famous around here shits going down.... that will be just not exceptable..
I want hooka ...
i'm happy i didn't get this gig,only pays 1125.00 i can go to another gig which pays $3000.00.
Lmao *wipes tears* memories...
young womens prom all girl schoolio
I'm bored.
When buying your ISE tickets, make sure to use the promo code BLACKDOG for $2 off!
#BeavisandButthead werewolves of highland and crying was the funnest thing on tv
buy a ticket for our richmond show to see us play with I the breather? lol
. and have taken the stage to introduce the film. Now the lights are dimming...
its my birthday today, and the best present ever would be a tweet from you!!!!
First time ever drinking a beer. Ever. It's alright. Nothing to write home about.
love what??
Sweet, cinnamony goodness! Try McD's Cinnamon Melts. What a yummy way to start your day!
Fuck Lady Gaga!! That's what my brother said before i killed him... :)
Remember That Every New Mahomie That Joins Our Family Equals One Less Hater That Hates On Our Family.
did I ever mention you guys are awesome!? Love what you guys do and post. Thanks for all the great content.
You should be #FuriouslyHappy But will this cut into the cleaning of ALL THE THINGS?
can i Pretty Please get a follow back from ur sexy self?? :) It would make my night! Please?? <333333
loved that
RT Martin Van Buren was the first president born in the USA. Obama was also born in the USA.
"I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." Phillippians 4:13
A large gang of seniors have invaded Riverplace. They are armed with paddles and floatations devices.
oh stop...what time does it end?
She dnt text me nomore , And we kinda got into it
awe as soon as I go back home your gonna see the pebster :D
Friday today!!!! Only a week and a half left of school!!!! Only now for the sun to come out! =) <3 <3 <3
I'm on Team Mary.
you know U could scrape #stubhub for #PTBM tickets, void them & sell 2 fans. U state UR against resale @ profit. How many PTBM sold?
RT : RT : "I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.” ~ Charlotte Bronte
Great taste!!
Panera just blew up my timeline
RT : "No, Tiger -- that's another Easter egg. We still can't find your ball." Happy Easter, everyone!
He would have an aneurysm at a Duke practice RT New Post -- Don't even think about flopping in front of Jeff Van Gundy
or something that isn't permanent b/c of space provisions. Will think of something for those really hot days!
Day #2 of perfect weather and I'm stuck working
Sadness is having a good friend you rarely see tell you she is going to be in Baltimore when you're going to be out of town.
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears. And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain.
s One Things on ! Yay
photos of today's adventures are up at ict2dc.com!
don't forget Acensio
The last 10 minutes are nothing close to a clinic on good basketball, but a testament to desire, heart & hustle.
There are two sure fire success stories in this world  (i) food business and (ii) clothing business
#ifSantaWasBlack he'd trend grammatically correctly. It should be
Delightful Diner Dinner :)
who is at Esperanza and wants to make 5$?
humanitarian aid needs help organizing to be efficient but who will do this?
hell yea most on fan tho
Delays, broken seats, and no legroom...3 reasons I am reminded to avoid At least the crews on flights 1086 and 1812 were nice.
The Moral of watching The Tudors: If you are a musician in Henry VI's court, things will not end well for you.
Fun night tonight! I will be test diving the allroad Revival at Hoehn Audi at there Pre-Launch party:)
Aww man, its currently 82 degrees in my room...
Is it the two live stews?
The debt ceiling has nothing to do with social security.
What grade are you in ?? And tell your brother i said hi . I miss that kid .
That's right people, [last tweet] i was hanging out with the wrong crowd...
A great way to stay motivated is to run with a group. Most running groups welcome runners of all skill and fitness levels!
: 75% of #Latinos believe most people can get ahead with hard work. 58% of general population believe the same.
I WANT SUMTHIN WET SOFT & CREAMY
its all over now.
Wishing work had flex Fridays. Meaning, I wish I didn't have to work today. :-)
15 mins to get to to see the final screening of Summer 2011 term. 'Ichi the Killer' needs to be seen to be believed.
Lazy fact #75483912765859723, You were too lazy to read that number.
I happen to know a female working within each major sports team in CLE. The future!
sup girl
#ThatHappyMoment when you're hungry and you realize you still have leftovers from your favorite restaurant
compression shorts men
"Power of Digital Inclusion: Tech's Impact on Employment for People w/Disabilities" preso w/James White conference this am.
would you rather be stewie from family guy or sid the sloth?
i know right!? I don't get it he's like 25
big congrats, be sure to twitpic us when you take it out! RT : OMG!!!!!!!! Thank You!!!!!!! :D
The San Diego #SustainableFeast is happening until 3pm today at Liberty Station!
U wear w/e u would like and I'll go off than when u and come over for #cocktails. Dave is in appelton 4 the night.
I hate when it's bogo small percent off. Like, hey, I don't want to buy a full price one to get a terrible discount
In war there is no substitute for victory.
Even though I'm driving to st. Louis anyway. Lol
#BestMemoryof2011 getting 2 meet twice :) and hugging him 4 times :)))
My brain exploded when I saw that Nintendo was charging a few bucks for office apps. Seriously, 3DS Calculator for $3? Geez, that's a rip.
sorry, I stopped reading after I saw "geraldo".
about to see Death Cab!
I wish i still had my bestfriend back in WA ..</3 :(
How to get Authentic Prada Handbags at any Discount? ~ U Bizz Blog
"The will to win means nothing if you haven't the will to prepare." J Ikanga
i♥ ur hair tutorials they are really easy to follow...(this sounds weird) i would like to request a prom/party make up and hair
#BlueSkies I can dig it.
SUPER. BOWL.
Time to find a hobby with all this time off. Maybe I'll find a 100,000 piece puzzle. That should keep me busy til baseball season
hahaha yeah it is
It's a BEAUTIFUL DAY! Don't let it Slip Away!
or my llamas.
La Popular burritos oh how I missed you. There is nothing like you!
watching suburgatory, feel like i'm watching new moon
I think I am your 5th!
Omg catching fire is still depressing! It's depressing from the beginning of the book to even the middle of the book! There's no happiness😢
Scholastic Pick-Up Line: Um...I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
:) “: Yeah, I'm gonna have a hard time calling that a "slide" in the story. RT : Slide of the year right there.”
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 22
well with the super bowl going down the drain it's time for some real action... Let's go x games!
you ok? what happened
im scared:(
Just ordered my blood test. Operation: Diet Customization is almost complete. Maybe an Diary to keep me in check?
Vin webber: issue interest groups do more to distort campaign spending than anything else
FOLLOW MY BRO the producer real nigga shit!
Hot girls have problems to.
“Human beings are the only creatures on the earth that claim a God & the only living thing that behaves like it hasn’t got one.” B. Robinson
RAIN RAIN GO AWAY !
ugh! Lol that's a really good idea, do you think he'll let us turn it in together? Cause I'm so tired right now
you go workout in khakis and you tell me how that goes
I hope to live to hear that good communication corrects bad manners. ~ Benjamin Banneker
On 11:11 I wish for one thing n one thing only..
oh yeah!
Clearly #Deadmau5 hasn't learned that variety is the spice of life.
Wow this is a well thought out gift guide with some unique ideas, thanks!
I'm in Dallas now
I'm begging you...take Brett to every game! Ha ha.
yes it is they will have a good shot and seeing it if sky is clear
He still makes music ?
can sum1 tweet me im bored
If I dont take time out to tweet every 15 minutes or so Ill snap.
Bubba Watson looks like a combo of Andy Kaufman and Roger Federer.
Yes me too. She is an inspiration. RT : I'm so happy to see and standing up for women religious.
"Cabot gives him a push away that sends him sprawling- laughing with withering contempt."- DESIRE UNDER THE ELMS
it's simply a presentation on common grounds between very different parties. It should be interesting
yup. Chaco quarter launch was today.
I forgot about that, lol.
that really sucks :(
It's RACE day!
I like them ? Lol I hate the Yankees
cool go ahead and fly over to the gym and run for about tw weeks. btw i figure thats a movie qoute.
A big hello and thank you to all of the great fans I met at the #FrozenFour in Tampa this past week. Best sporting event going.
I cn tell I'm tha only one that's a plus tho :-)
I've tied EVERYTHING to fix my remote. No dice.
Listening to #werq out on that stage.
RT : In 2001, prodcution of Etch A Sketch moved from Ohio to Shenzen, China
Cadence Named a Winner of the Prestigious UBM Electronics ACE Awards in the Software Ultimate Products Category
Robust figures.
THANKS! I'LL TRY TO BRING YOU MORE HELPFUL HINTS. LOL!!
good thing i have that itch to see toy story 3....cant wait till midnight! :)
We only need FIVE more FB friends to break 100! Tell your friends to check us out!
Twitter isn't loading right, why
I am emotionally Drained right now!! I'm Blessed to have my family SAFE! Awaiting Word on lots of Friends! Praying! Homes can b Replaced
Girls Sweet 16 Glasgow making a furious charge...trails Butler 52-49 :25 remaining.
are two big venues with rockin' crowds for the games. Download Bartab & redeem a drink for $1.00!
Team EastSide Welcome To Our Side .
Now there's an interesting idea! Looks like 70 degrees today? Ah, the southland.
It's Sunday. Put down the tools and relax!
that awkward moment when you realize that a girl thinks you're staring at her, when you were really lusting after the motorcycle behind her
happy birthday Nicolette!!!! Hope your day is amazing beautiful! <3 you deserve it #YOLO #yiiiiiii :D
thanks so much had a blast ! Jace thank you so much my friend
no smart business wise people come for spidey but see iron fist luke cage white tiger who can then get spin offs
Text this to someone: I just love making you check your phone for no reason, who's my bi$ch? You are.
Chrysler makes the best car commericals
T1: Is the issue keeping EMR access secure, or messaging/paging secure? IMHO one is way easier than the other
Just tapped Issaquah's White Frog Belgium Wit.
I should just make running my girlfriend.
We use Twitter to post updates/factoids from lectures & gallery talks, & let followers know the hashtag.
Its not that you matter so don't think that u do its just a joke on u
I can't believe anyone fell for that "supermoon" nonsense. It didn't even have a cape! 👎
sorry instagram, you have officially been replaced. its been fun, but we have actually found something better. ALL HAIL VIDDY.
Irony is reality, its funny how things turn out
does that mean there is a new genre of music: "Vegan Rock?
A special, if sobering, place.
Grateful for the chamomile tea that has eased my ladybug back to sleep!
#SMBMAD yesterday has us super excited for our opportunity to host next month. See you for the next - May 16th with
Today is the 11th day of the barbaric #Assad massacres in
Watching Spider-Man 2 with Viggle Sat | 13:30 | FX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Logging off for good.....</3
RT : Step Easily into the Digital Future | American Libraries Magazine bit.ly/pQK4aC
I loved that song when I was a kid. My dad had a 45 of the Joan Baez version. → RT The night they drove Old Dixie down...
Congrats, Jeff! I recommended you to USC folks yesterday who working with IBM on Twitter. you'll hear from Francois Bar. Chris
The last time I saw was last fall on the in Philadelphia with
Rocking the mullet JJ......lmao......nice.
Going straight from ze hospital to ze job. In sweatpants. New dress code starts now! Happy Friday. Or Monday. Or whatever day u want it 2 b.
I LOVE YOU MORE! <3
Watching and the with the fam on my tv through video streaming from my iPad
Thanks Michael - The Jills love you back! Come visit us in Miami RT : I love The Jills! cc
Hooray for HTHH and networking! See you at soon!
ahaha wooops! i overlooked that fact!
Roll me weed on that ass, now that's an asstray
Daily verse ~ “Great peace have they which love thy law: and nothing shall offend them.” Psalm 119:165
you won because your moves were amazing (:
RT: Have a good weekend folks, and remember to look out for #bikers on the road!
Now I'm sad because I don't even have another book to start 😔
Also, crossing my fingers that ResTech gets their act together and fixes our internet. Sick of going to Union South just to waste time.
Poor, poor, poor Kris Humphries... Nice block Roy
Do you do support? My phone stopped working. Tried to email support on website but it said call cust. support. CAN'T CALL.
I've been trying to send email for a few days, address keeps on being rejected. Maybe you're having server problems?
I have been ostracised from a local buddhist group for my views on hallucinogens.
i know im soo excited!!! lol
Life is good in God,with god and thru God.god bless Innovators.thanx guys for a great perfomance today at Custer UMC.looking forwad for next
awesome!!! I am a total #pbl convert. kids were into it, being creative, monitoring each other, coming during lunch to...
true true. he sort of just quit playing though. amare has been trying.
Downtown Olympia. Shin splints as I left S. Olympia - ouch! L knee still hurting a bit - but overall doing well.
White boys or Latino boys?
I ate so much this week in New Orleans it ain't even funny
Lakisha, have you read Skinner's Drift by ? Wonderful novel! I recommend.
you Ugly as shit boy lmaoo!!!
Christmas is coming late this year. Friday at Le Bain. Hardy Boyz reunion along with
We asked someone named Touré to review a book for us, and I thought it was , but it was not. Bummer.
your article on was just lovely. I have many similar sentiments. Continue rocking. :)
Our candy disappeared really quickly today at All Campus Party! Thanks to all who stopped by, and to for having us!
My record label has a FREE copy of my Spoken Word CD titled "SpoKen Works" for you. Details at www.kennylovejazz.com/KLSW.html Thanks! - kl
Jennings is Hot, Hot, Hot. Now all he needs to be is consistent.
Molly has drunken hiccups, lolz
Bruce Irvin? Haha. No, Blair Walsh was not rated higher than Irvin unfortunately
Whoever Is in my account stay out please go on your own
I didnt wake up in time....
The og is gonna scoop it to hit up taco breezy.
Thank you for your post about Recondo offering the ZirMed ZPay tool to collect credit cards and ACH. We are excited to assit
I enjoyed that way too much.
In like 2min!
My brother should really listen to my fashion advice. That bright blue tanktop <<<
ik but u love Casey..... Supposedly that's what I heard
Prior to you can really begin setting financial goals, you need to figure out where you stand financially.
I'm so sorry I had to leave early, but I heard you had a grand time.
I wish I lived in Portland. There was like a seven eleven around every corner.
fucccckkkkkk I just bit my tongue! :(
Practicing my lap burlesque routine to "sex for breakfast" by christina aguilera. Yum! ;)
Wilson: Have students send pdfs of their material, not links, because pdfs are easier to distribute to hiring decision makers.
lol.why? its not like im on this shit often as it is
Who in the blue hell is better than Romney right now?!
One of the worst kinds of assholes: the guy who leaves the water running from the bathroom sink on purpose.
Chicago Fire Dept responding to 800 E Grand for a boat in distress.
bout to kut my beard off lol
this may sound really weird, but i can't sleep without listening to lullaby music and cuddling with my fuzzy blanket..
me, maybe? (no definitely!)
ur so pretty[: and AWESOME
Riots during the period were called "mobile vulgus," Latin for readily movable crowd--shortened to "mob." Always wondered about that word.
Almost half of all Americans today suffer from one or more (largely preventable) chronic diseases.
Counting down to NYC!!!!
It's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder how I keep from going under...lol idk why that song just popped in my head
Hah, I don't know why girls try at school. Who are you really gonna impress at Lakeland, honestly.
When I get home, I'm gonna follow EVERYONG back. So hang tight ;)
dam I didn't know you hate smoking 😲😲😲😲
he's annoying af.
- congrats man. Whats stirring all the visitors? Your awesomeness?
I do. I haven't had a chance to dig deep. It looks very promising.
They could make a movie about a cat shit eating dog...as long as it has enough CGI explosions in it, I'm there
Thankful for another day out taking care of my business for my new job god is good now I get married to my amazing wife priceless
Holy Fuck!! Durant almost put it in from 35ft. Helluva game! Gotta give the Lakers their cred even though I hate them.
And now Bryce Harper has the same amount of homers as Albert Pujols. Sorry I've never made a Pujols joke on Twitter until now, folks.
You need to post a video clip on here rocking those drums!
haha, hilarious! Thanks my man! It was an amazing experience!
It's funny how the little things mean the most
There's some sort of cowboy convention on campus today.... time to go get my MRS!
Happy New Year! Praying for continued favor & peace on those who love & build the House of God!
Can't believe the year ends tomorrow! My kiddos have grown up so much. I guess we'll see what the new crop holds in the fall.
Jeppa Joes will be at a benefit concert #rebuildwi from 2 to 6 this Sat. at Washington Park. Come down and enjoy some music and a sandwich!
I've hit an all time low going to brunch n this yoga pants ensemble. says I look like a ninja. Sweetest thing he's ever said 2 me
Just waking up.. This off day was much needed!
need to work with asap
Cars...nothing i drive can drive you out of this frame of mind....
Thank you for making me feel crappy bc I haven't not renewed my membership yet. Think ppl might be unemployed during this recession?
time for my GTL session
Ha and you said your older and more mature
Finna go to basketball practice game tmw
I would pee on him, jkjk! Cuddle with him.
so you know how your in class.....?
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer40
are you talking about sarah, sadie or tucker? ;-)
Cleaned, filled and placed the hummingbird feeders... My wife says I'm out, loud and proud. Really, I'm not gay!
I wish I could be in that locker room to hear what Coach Spo says after this game.
yay! Who's the hot chick in the middle?
RT : Storm chasing this afternoon in Emporia. Updates coming.
Nachos are feeling right, right about now!
hmm... your confusing me!
Watching the #brewers while putting in a few miles on the trainer.
Taco night with the family and their friends ^.^
Yo Kobe is still a beast. *Zooted*
o but at firsts I didn't answer but now I did.
Beat L.A.
Busy day producing radio at www.healthylife.net . Getting archives uploaded and looking for good news for Friday's newscast !
Jammin to the Jonas Bros!
So todays the day , that we go out and get fucked up beyond belief and fuck shit up so whose partying on a sunday?
ok going to bed good night all.
clear an blue pepsis,smh...just leave it as is,lol
Does it count if it was by myself? ": So who had sex already?"
Like said
We've missed you too. We will see you soon, Ceara!! Congrats on landing the job.
GOOD MORNING!!!! How's Monday, peeps? Anything new & exciting happening?
It just felt super good wen i walked in my house central air boomin
liking it.
Dick Bremer's ultimate unknowable riddle: why does a player who made a great defensive play to end an inning ALWAYS lead off the next?
I NEED the USA release of "Drinking from the Sun" STAT!
Hyssop helps indigestion & asthma. It warms/stimulates the lungs, expels phlegm, balances circulation, and cleanses kidneys. And purifying!
#hbrchat - I'm the Customer Experience Architect at
Today marks the beginning of the best week of the year! #PiChiWeek!!!! First event is on 4/10 @ 5:30pm
She Said Yu Guys Were Still Good Friends. *IWishYuWereHere*
Send Dat To Ma Email Bro ASAP
Run for Your Life: 5 Reasons to Start Pounding the Pavement Today
RT You thought you were being made into a little cottage but He's building a palace bcoz He intends to live in it Himself-
Goodnight twitter
still kicking away...looking for fulltime. So i am a nanny now
That's awesome!!!
Luckily they're very picky with their dolls.
Gym time then paper chasing till 6
Sporting looked great against a very good DC United tonight. Finally got it done just in time!!!!!
Golfing with some college kids
Right on!! : at least I can enjoy some live music ≈
#teamlee for the miss red and black pageant
Thank you! ... Lots cooking in the hockey world. Heard one of your goalies moved on this week.
~ be good to your body, gives ur spirit a recharge as well ;)
Today we're backing up & further customizing our CRM, then continuing the Infopath & Sharepoint setup remotely.
RT if Casper should be more notice.....
On the bus alone. Woohoo-_-
just finished up a hood banga for the grinders and bosses..e.o.s. loyalty muzic fatheadfilmz
Take a look at Simplee.com for Lifehacker's Top 10 Personal Finance Tools? Personal health care expense management service. Free.
Yes, i agree... I love the lion king.
Vanilla iced coffee from McDonald's on the other hand is quite good
After our ep, were going to work on a rap cover, the song is a suprise, so you have two things to look foward to from us! :)
we runners will do it anywhere...
Further investigation reveals Anais Nin quotes and Winona Ryder and Kirsten Dunst photos. WHITE GRRL.
Awww thanks :D
“: AP: Mining company pulling out of Wisconsin because Senate couldn't pass a mining bill.” Blamestorm in 3...2...1....
“All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.” – Galileo Galilei
Getting hyped about #DB12 tomorrow.
Just let your soul glowww.
I hope that Ms. Shirley Sherrod decides to take legal action, she has a number of baffoons to choose to sue.
How is it that another summer has passed and I still haven't read all the books in the world?
New York's hottest club is Slinky...This club has everything. Rick Astley rick rolling, Google toilet paper, McGruff the crime dog..
It is important to remember that we all have MAGIC inside US- J.K Rowling
Studying for finals is not funn, bad mood. Nighhtt
post-grad art friends can be even better. See you soon? :)
Yeah, just install the Windows Python interpreter--it's actually pretty easy, even for a n00b like me
I wish we could go back to being friends cause we both know, it shouldn't have ended like this..
i know :/ you guys should just come visit me! haha
Damn on some real honest shit, trizzy won that lil diss battle forsure lyrically. britton had a little flow goin
Prepping for this morning's Carlson on the Law show airing at 11 on we will be talking about rights. stream at www.KPAM.com
Well, it brought a fractured relationship closer together. Shit got real. Focus. Clarity.
All better now...
Dig it, he's going after the banks. Waa-hoo! Remember the disc "Our Man In Jazz?" BO is "Our Man In World."
So grateful for the opportunities being presented to us. Focused.
fina leave out so i can take this last final
ok ok. Hint: pop song sung by a male. #guessmyfavoritesong for a follow and shout out!
checkin people off this hidden list one at a time
In this parking lot...
OK SERIOUSLY WTF IS THIS....
I feel u on one...that's an ever evolving process
Get down to Larrys Villa Strip Club ASAP Cash Clown on 1s&2s if u in Vegas get it in with Clown House Ent.
Applications for the Miracle Board Executive Committee are due FRIDAY! For more information, email or .
#kids Children's Cartooning: Children's Cartooning from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 4:30 PM to Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 6:00 PM...
Pretty nasty cut by Harper's eye. Still can't figure out how that happened.
Thanks for RT :)
#ConfusingThingsGirlsDo ask you to take them sumwhere drive cross town ask you to make anotha stop bk cross town huh? No Bitch!
No problem!
can't find a volunteer opp for Thanksgiving Day..MRM all full for some time now..
First samples from China have arrived. That was quick! www.SavEcig.com coming soon.
Thank you so much for earlier RTs, we appreciate that very much.
Another chance to win a pair of FREE tickets to your choice of show! Click "like" on this status to be entered! Winner announced tonite...
I've been doin alright, just tryna get shit done. Where u go to school?
: ) wish we could do more
I wish I knew what Mr. Lamberty was talking about
Yeah we can do that. Can you send me an email at So we can discuss your design in detail.
So what to do tonight
My user name is Rayne and I just made it up. Feel free to add me to your buddy list
thank you love! xx & i know, i don't! :D
FINALLY, SOMEONE WHO UNDERSTANDS
how did you get allen iverson? Did you just select a free agent?
Ladies get over here. Its Beautiful weather!
Blessed because I woke up this morning. Have a great day Keyshia.
Oh yes, been in Charlotte since 1991... came to Go 2 college & stayed after graduation~
Do it! I'm reading it now:)
when we're you there last?
Based on signs, my old neighborhood is a recall battleground.
I would rather have you hate on beiber his fans are annoying but seriously has never done anything to you and the
#sweet being t-swizzle for halloween, and yes, I am obsessed XD
and that makes it an authentic bootleg!
Didn't want it going public but looks like it'll break anyway. I was arrested with Clooney today.
Going to the 939 show on 4/23? Post a creative pic of you and your ticket for a chance to meet me,, backstage!
More songs up soon!
It's now or never.
#MarcoAndretti is live with Chase and Kreger right now discussing the
hehe & I really like your flower arrangements!
Honestly, we are just thrilled to even be nominated
#FF - we have big things coming in 2012
hey what music class are you in?
#Pioneers lead the #Jaguars 25-22 with a minute left in the first half
RT : Memo to Dale Sveum: Only 2 No. 3 hitters in baseball have a sacrifice bunt this season. Neither of them is hitting .330.
Love is the chain whereby to bind a child to its parents. --Abraham Lincoln
someone wants to know if we are married
FOX tomorrow.
That's a generalized statement before people freak the fuck out because of their own guilty conscience.
its a pretty cool bunch of folks hanging out, and a good excuse to visit Kokomo Toys
In usu - In use
What....u don't have a good pair of thermals?
Just like thin Lizzy dancing in the moonlight made me cry, which is more lol, but that's just cuz it always reminded me of special some1
incredible #NationalAnthem today. I'll be checking out more of your music!!
Groove is back in full effect :) xoxo
lmfao I rarely get mad at these things but I couldn't contain this
Laundry done....now it's time to do some grading...being an adult sucks sometimes...ha!
well Dan it is important ... This is the biggest week of your life!!!!!
bitches are stupid like that.
Congrats to for being named Executive of the Year & whose FAN360 application won the Product Innovation Award!
We have a new server ready - vpn-sf38 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
Fun photo shoot at beach and good connections made!!
Been worshiping to a new song Hallelujah by love this song cause it is about the only love I need
Check us out thurs mar 22nd at santinos Venice for an acoustic show, and tues mar 27th at skinny's north Hollywood for a full band show!
Friend sent me an Astros DVD package w highlights of their existence. I think there were a couple. I think.
Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous? Are you single?
More than Welcome.. Alecia.. Have A Great Day....
well u just keep kickin ITS ass cuz what would i do if something happened to you!? :/ and dont worry about larry, he knows now
A great man leaves clean work behind him, requires no sweeper up of the chips. Elizabeth Barret Browning
Go get "inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle on itunes today.....
For part of my Spanish project, I had to use the self-checkout in Kroger in Spanish. It was the most stressful thing ever.
imma check it out
yeah i have been pretty mumbly n grumbly lately!
Looks like Sat. AM will be a little wet in #SanDiego, but then will clear up.Rest of the weekend will be beautiful.What are your plans?
Game of thrones baby!!! :)
Running out for lunch? ALL 4 Whole Foods in DC are donating 50% from the salad and hot bar to support
Everything was great and easy. I'm glad my parents finally done it. ;)
Thanks for following us! Were up in Milawukee at Red Rock on March 16th!
If all else fails, there is a Five Guys Burgers & Fries in Boca Raton, lol
Wait, I'm watching Hannity now, this is all about A HUG?? I l almost feel sorry for these guys..
Support NM lean challenge startup
ASTD keynote author and leader- Jim Collins-"when times are in chaos, true leaders go back to their training"-- you must have a key team
the ball has dropped , R.I.P. Dick Clark
RT : Working on some final changes with my amigos before we launch our closed beta later in the week!
"Unless you want hotzpacho"
Back-in parkers.
"sorry I texted you but I realized it didn't go through!" yes, I got you. I always start texting and get distracted by a dick too
Try new workouts to change the speed & intensity of your intervals. Keeps the body from reaching plateaus & helps ward off boredom.
haha, Shoshanua is what happens when Shoshana dates Joshua.
Also, in my movie, Dolphin Lundgren would be best friends with Steven Seagull.
im following boo
Are you more emotional or more rational?
B'more hub needs to break down silos
Almost done.
When I die can I have you check me into my own funeral?
Tonight was mad fun!
Wednesday ABDC !! Wait Wednesday You Mean Mikeys Safe Sex Wednesday !!
The NBA millionaires will now be happy to play for the NBA billionaires. We all are invited to pay to watch. Carry on.
not even the emergency vet in Newington? Aren't you in Pmouth?
Actual annotation that I just made in a text: "b/c you're not a dick."
- Thank you for the Scoop.it thank you. Glad you liked the piece.
Thanks for the follow and
Just got home,abt to smoke something n chill for a min, dnt have time to be playing phone tag with these dudes, just pay me,
it smells like weed in mine... awk...
follow back?(:
HELL YEA
When it hits the floor and not the fan...
Do you know what is business lazy?
: Hey Harry, nothing like a good cup of coffee to get that day started! About to make me a fresh pot now.
please follow back
Leave me alone and quit creepin! Obviously I don't want to be with u!
No. Not at all.
right.. look at who i love.. :\
Finkbiner's family sat in front of me in the courtroom , had no comment on the accusations
Same Day Appts #Salon Full Mens #Barber Shoe Shine $75 #weave #braids #FlatIron Color #Nail #MakeUp Artist #Uptown 510 8321100
says I helped 2 people land jobs last week. Are you next ? Send resume December is hot for hiring you just need connections
Back to twitter after a Turkey holiday!
Enjoyed Ellen Easton at the NYC Coffee and Tea Festival this afternoon..now know the difference between Devonshire and clotted creams!
I ended up not having to do it!
These "Bobs" have to infringe on some sort of copyright..
u mean its not about Santa and presents?????
Going to salon for emergency pink hair intervention before flight. Apparently my hair refuses to hold any color but blond.
"...we cannot simply eat, sleep, hunt and reproduce--we are meaning-seeking creatures." --Jeanette Winterson (2/2)
I'm gonna put a basket of fruit and vegetables out now, so it will be nice and mushy by the time fanfest rolls around.
im afraid to drink soda. You wanna know why? Im afraid ill float to the ceiling
i would of highlighted it, and then cut it out, and pasted it on my wall.
By its okay. I'm going to take my ap exam then going home. 😏
Happy Birthday!:)
i dont like when you dont follow me ..:(
i honestly do not know
whatever coins I have. First tooth was 150. Second is about 1.
My Cat Is 78 Years Old? A chart that shows cats real age
just sitting here cracking up at my timeline
What's up? My 9 year old cousin was diagnosed with brain cancer, and family needs support. Would you care to donate?
....please contact me soon...</3
The Banking system is being prop up by the current administration. We need a public works program that has Blacks fully involved!
Thank you. :)
It feels like I've been away for weeks- but I guess that's the mark of an effective vacation :)
Happy birthday Mom. Your gone but never forgotten. I miss u so much. Today is for you!
If you're looking for a solid bike shop in NoLibs, north has been my go to shop lately. Definitely recommend.
RT : Try lessons on flight, forces, & motion using 's "Museum in a Box" materials w EF April Lanotte, 11am at
I don't remember last time I wasn't tired.
I'm sold, is sweet! I'd like some control over how often it saves. I'm an adamant cmd+s'er, and don't want to kill my bandwidth
Q5 something well written would be nice
Thanks! Yours is nice and clear.
YOU'VE GOT THE BEST OF BOTH WORLDS
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction. -Al Bernstein
Good afternoon! Are you enjoying this beautiful weather?
Eager to hear what comes out of those conversations! Is tweeting allowed?
I really liked I Will Follow. Can't wait to hear what you think.
Best of luck with your pilot. Will be interesting to see how it meets your metrics to determine if you expand.
No surprises yet in House Finance member statements on
What up Diddy I'm a promoter at the Palms
Hello Julianna, Thanks for the follow on Twitter.
Day from Landons Portable Medical Records!
I am looking for a response from Miss Ash Soular. You may reach me anytime at I hope we may initiate a chat.....
So amazing
bby I noe, I miss you too ;*
Its always a good day for Curried! :) RT : Today feels like a good day for :)
There's a soft rain falling.
A little rain running and piano playing to kick off my day!
yup. can't sleep. doing laundry.
Whose this blowing up my fone! All hear is a buncha females laughing! And one sounds familiar.
ever since you stepped into my life, my world just gets brighter everytime.
Not only is it Hump Day today, it's also Pi Day!!!
Very curious to see if will revamp the turf now that a new one is being installed.
great to see you there!
Sending a mass text on iPhone's, not a good idea. All numbers send to each person.
Nutella covered toast and bananas=yummy
Half marathon Saturday at the Indy mini! Looking forward to the long lap around the Indianapolis Speedway. It's a long way around.
Over 100 pages of notes on chemistry...
Confident > Cocky
It's coo tho.. I still got my jasmine, avii , eranne and maybe erica..
I'm the worst. Just got 16bbs in w JJ on a Q high board when I raised pre. Def could've folded. He flatted behind w AA.
Thank you to all the women of #pivotboston -- I really appreciate your coming out in the rain and I LOVED getting to know you.
#Brewers lose. Road trip over. I think they'll take the trade.
I guess nobody is awake right now. Bo ):
Might have a surprise #2... You never know!!
Freedom is a birth right of ALL people, regardless of religion, culture, country, race or politics. USA supports FREE a Iran!
Yeah, I do and congratulations again! That's awesome! ^_^ I just don't really get on this much. What else is new? 0_0
No, we're women. "Male" and "Female" is a designation.
it'll all be okay! (:
Oh LAX did u miss me? On my way to Jackson, WY getting hyped up for TEDx talk!!!
you goin to action fest again this year?
Poetry's fixation on the expressive self always makes me think of an alt world in which all art wld have to justify itself as portraiture.
The three-umpire system is not working here.
About to watch The Avengers!
o wow bid day then hope it goes well I just had an Ultrasound and an upper GI,
Hey joe
I fuckin hate eagles fans they better not get rid of or he gonna win a super bowl else were
anybody out there that wanna DM me ?
so whts up
bonnies look great!
Syracuse plays tonight at 9:30pm. Let's go #Cuse!
I may be a bitch but I am a protective one. You will never yell at my sister. I love her to death and I will do anything for her. #ilove ...
I really like that natural hairstyle I see women wearing...
Trippin out on the sleeping bear dunes
You've gotten that shit back wards.
I believe I can fly? No, I *know* I can fly. I'm a parakeet, after all.
Had to stop my workout to sign up a new member at gym but well worth it, no now a tan and shower! ;)
Big week ahead in Murray trial. Battle of the propofol experts. Defense case begins...Needs a rabbit out of its hat. Catch me on KTLA
Can i hAve some too
"Too many cameras and not enough food... this is what we've seen." Posted on #ZenyattaMondatta by About 30 years ago
new magnets are in the works! just feeling a little lazy today :p
Cooking with one hand soaking the other.man ima beast lol
Bodum storage containers and wooden Swissmar Salt and Pepper Grinders are 40% off until they're gone!
damn straight
Twitter just sent me an email saying I'm not tweeting enough aka it's mad I actually have a life. ...and by life i mean watch tv over tweet
i was going to wait my last of high school but idk now...
#Browns, may the Schwartz be with you.
Good win at home
Thank him for me.
Me thinks I hear a future scene partner connection blossoming.
This is why i hate everyone at my school. I get invited to a party then get dis-invited. Twice now...
come to angels gate cultural center for the poetry jam at 4pm tomo
her fish sandwich meal was only $3.99!!!
Just sitting here with two of my best friends
"I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much."
Mane I'm Turnt Up right now! I'm about to change the game! Stay tuned people.....
How about cats? Ever seen that drawing of the cat piano?
It is alarmingly easy to spend thousands. I've done it with both of mine, and couldn't have done otherwise.
you can't always expect me to know what to say when you get bad news..
FYI- Coffee With the Mayor! 8:30 - 10 a.m. on Fri, Sept 17 @ Patricia's Soul Food Cafe, 1100 N. Martin L. King Blvd
If I win mega millions, $50 mil to charity. The rest is mine, not splitting it up. It's MINE
Thanks for pointing out Ed's thread. It's quite awesome!
Before you tell a story, think 'would I share this.' don't go through the motions.
Q: Y/N - Do you support community benefit agreements?
I'm pretty sure its "that time of month" for me. yes I'm talking about tuna sub at subway
yes it is!! why you ask??
Osemele, on being passed over until pick 60 "I'll just use that as a motivator ... & try to prove the naysayers wrong."
I can see it now! :P
#FF Thank you....you're the best! ") FOLLOW
Yessir always bro RT : Good running into you again Brotha.
People can live one hundred years without really living a single minute via
At my G family housr (:
I'm soo sleepy!! Well goodnight beautiful people! 💙✌💤
No problem! I'm glad I can be the one to put the first smile on your face! I feel very special
“: A great relationship is about two things, first, find out the similarities, second, respect the differences.”
Yoga � Understanding Yoga And Its Health Benefits
Thanks for the follow...follow you too!
will you talk to me please
Lets dance
Had an amazing time last nite! Slept until 4:30 but feel so much better, now & I are about to get our xfit on!
I know ears burning means someone is talking about you. T he right side of My penis itches, that mean anything?
I love you!!!!! Happy V-Day lovey!!
Dear girls why do all y'all play so many games? It's aight bc two can play and fyi, I don't lose...literally
haha true! x
you actually didn't, but okay if you want to believe that.
I'm ready!
at nine still?
Today's commencement speaker is John Crosby, Executive Director, American Osteopathic Association.
what's wrong hun?
We live on Fort MacArthur in San Pedro. Haven't been to Santa Monica yet. Thinking about going to the pier this weekend.
“ I will literally 💩 on myself if there is a Tornado !!!”
would u have fun being bored or talk to someone and get a laugh?
sounds like a personal problem :) jk I'll look
Are you trying to get some VC money?
We're Indy's oldest Italian restaurant, family-owned and still using recipes passed down. Call for reservations (317) 264-3585
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #24hours !!!!! LEGGOOO !! 61
Y u hating thats my show!! lol
Omfg Be Quite . I Can't
We've all been playing ME3 since it launched. I think now we're all mostly playing multiplayer ^BPS
lol... i just read on twitter earlier that they think it could be the same person, but i would think it's too early to tell.
Watch Shutter Island, its really god!
*washes brain* *accidentally dries brain* *brain shrinks* Crap. On the other hand, maybe I'd like that book now.
Is that Twitter spam? Or just the straight-up truth? I guess it can be both.
would love to email you a EPK of what I got going on at Quetone Music, I'm just be proactive...
it's seriously amazing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Do you know what Tim Hortons is? If so, we need to bring one to KC ASAP!
Love Emma Stone's sleek updo.
Alright time to really crack down and make shit start poppin off!
countdown to midnight... you on your way to the Medearis Mansion? Info 281.860.2877
- Who should attend the CVC breakfast? Just curious if you are looking other #nonprofit members to join you at it.
listening to on thanks to :)
What #Wicked things will you get into today?
Having a blasted with my friends :*
gl with the 1k+1k turbo bounty flips!! How good are people at those events? (Playing the 500+500 tmrw, really excited)
I heard they have a strict "one Rubyist" policy.
unroll measure cut fold tape crease fold fold tape tag ribbon bow repeat.... sharing abundance & thinking of others-the real gift
Oh man. Had to have been pretty amusing.
Arriving by 12 noon
Lee Enterprises Defers Pension Payments to Employess - Riverfront Times (blog)
White one?
you know it!!
snowy day here in milwaukee!
ugh i am so bored... there is nothing ever to do :(
Who just scored the domain name "bus.ac" (which happens to be the shortest name in his a/c related domain collection) - Ha!
that's pretty funny because I just saw the same thing last night and thought "Carly has got to have this!"
Cats by 10.
Yea Bro Send It To Ma Email ..i'm finna DM It To Yu
I bet it's actually Rachel's booger. Don't deny it Rach.
Stop in for our Chix Fajita Torta! Grilled chix, peppers, and onions topped w chihuahua chz and served on Burillo Bread! One of our best!
Whatever a person does while single shouldn't define who they are in a relationship.
Pimple No More - When I get a pimple, first thing I do is apply ice. Whatever you do, DON’T PICK THE SCAB! Leaving the scab allows the skin
WE LOVE YOU.
I don't think my legs tanned, I just think my TOMS tan got more uneven >.<
“: is still learning the fundamentals of spelling lol smh” Russell Simmons said he NEVER wrote a business plan.
I want to be the best at everything!!! Unless I am bad at that thing, in which case it is unimportant.
MDA Telethon starts in a few hours - we'd love your pledge this year!
I have appreciated your input tons. Thanks for balancing a potentially bleak picture.
Now I know what to do with the pomegranate sorbet in the freezer!
Duz any strange person get my tweets sent to their phone? Cuz if u do, I feel so bad for you.
The way to get by any fear is to expose yourself to it as much as possible. Any opportunity to be in front of people take it
oh ok
US presidential campaign: Who let the dogs out?
brb. gonna go tend da rabbits w. george.
Movie recommendation is Al Pacino in "Carlito's Way"
@ Lowes waiting for my new patio table and its taking FOREVER!!!!
Weedless in Seattle.
I can hope I guess.
#24HourRealEstateAgents! should be advertising themselves as such. I've needed 1 for the last 3 hrs. I have a #Free #Idea! for you. 2912
Thank you for your tweet Gomez!
you go glen coco (: amazing <3
Charging into the PM hours! The Crew is hard at work booking meetings!
she is as sneaky as she is on the show. And it was weird the camera angle made it so I couldn't see her face.
RT : M.Bay can do whatever he wants with his TMNT origin story as long as he gets Vanilla Ice to do another song about ninja.
Checking out Actor's Key with my beautiful roommate :-)
Happy 1 month anniversary Boo i love u so much
Wow! That's great news!
I wonder if I can legally change my name so that the s in sanders is a dollar sign. #$anders
is such an inspiration to so many people!
thanks MrRon :) ..you have plans to come to SD any time soon?
OMG IMATS was amazing~ I got to meet Julie G and Queen of Blending! :) So fun!! I cant wait until next year!!!
Fred Carr's old number for Perry..
Does Jimmy Fallon have the right of first refusal on SNL-hosting duties around the holidays? It's like he never left. Geesh! ;)
EAD and the Global Information Environment. Join our discussion on the possibilities of EAD. Think outside the box! Thurs. 1:30-3.
Oo sounds like good news!, I don't know what it is but keep me updated for sure!!
Tanning for the first time in forevvveeRrrr
Happy birthday RAY RAY
could we get to give a pep talk to ? awaken the beast mode
good stuff everyone! want 2 go "real". All staff pics,our offices, as accessible online as in person
No, I did not #glitter #RonPaul. It was the invisible hand of the free market.
We're looking forward to the August edition of ! It will be Farm to Plate Restaurant Week and you can read all about it!
