yeah I know me too!!
Shoutout for shoutout? Only if you have 500+ followers please.
Suggestion – First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name.
so if I don't have a lot of followers that means I don't love u? :'(
Really feeling very good this morning
im excited to see what janet has to say tonight
No answer guess.I'll wait til she Call me
Respect experiences. Respect user effort
Oh! Sounds m!!!
hope you enjoyed it!
Sounds like a plan!
i really miss the days of bob saget on america's funniest home videos
#TheyNeed2BringBack surge, all sport , rocket power
MOS WANTED CREW.
To the fans waiting outside: we will get you guys! I'm so sorry. The photographers ruin everything and were being such jerks.
Its a small world after all!
Can I put a moratorium on animals in band names? There are so many, my brain is getting confused
Alright, I'm less worried about the lack of lighting now. A customer just said it made a nice ambiance w/ what limited lights we do have on.
You're invited, Jen did say it was ladies night. Just kidding buddy! Lol.
no she just needs some encouragement! Maybe my+K for her was a nice little push.
Reason #9 to join us at the Gallery Aferro benefit auction on June 16: The beautiful William Spaulding Quartet will be playing from 6-9 pm.
Happy birthday, !
thank you bestfriend come on guys I need more followers and help my bestfriend 2
I love metaphor the way some people love junk food.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. -Beverly Sills
There's always these secrets.
Come over and eat a Meatloaf Sandwich!
no problem! How are you Matt?
What's your beef with Intel? Are you being paid by AMD?
Exactly. Too many independent contractors...none of them good. Time for Hoyer to br a GM.
yes his account looks hacked. Who is that?
OMG, THE ENDING. I FKN CANT.
Doesn't flop RT : No idea... RT : Not a rip on Melo, but why do you think he doesn't get star treatment from the refs?
Staffed the shelter, ran 4 miles, and walked the pup all before 8am. And before coffee. It's going to be a productive day!
Forreal??? Let me see. I was going to take you, but that's more fun.
P Sherman Wallaby Way, Sydney
what does "losecond" mean???
#ItsInsaneHow I'm always thinking about you
Aww Well Happy Mother's Day anyway! You're awesome!! Hope your day improves!
Will check it out. Thanks! Too bad no tweeps in room to share that with!
Body: Let's take a nap. Me: Sounds good. Training calendar: Let's hit the gym! Body: No nap? Me: *begrudgingly puts on workout clothes*
Does coffee or soda help or hurt you to stay hydrated? How about alcoholic drinks with water or soda?
"Gage hit himself in the mouth with his phone hahahahah" -__- my life is a lie, yall.
lmaooo! Your such a bo$$ haha!
I wanna go to walmart and get cotton candy so bad!!!
Listening to for news. We WILL have a show announcement whether there's a wildcard for us or not!
Had my hoodie pulled. up strings pulled tight , rolled up in a ball on the couch , 3 hours slept .
Congrats you are the sweetest Glad your on the #Tigers!
LV was awesome! Great time with team and attendees at the Super Retreat!
eledcrfop sorry I just typed that with my toe. I didn't wanna pick up my laptop off the floor but as you can see it didnt work
Tossing the softball, playing catch with = great summer evening
#FridayReads Gotta get through THE WENCH IS DEAD (Inspector Morse, Colin Dexter) before Monday Morning Mystery book group meeting.
Wish this pain would go away! Its makin my mood shift!
It was a great article!
So if we have bigger brains than average, even less energy than average?
Getting ready to attend No Dog Left behind - lets reunite some soldiers with the dogs they cared for while in Afghanistan!
Hypothesis: the future belongs to the weird with a work ethic
You can lie to your friends, you can lie to yourself, but you can't lie to your heart. The one that is for you is out there somewhere.
Unfortunately, it is not publicly accessible. I can let you in tomorrow if you give me a couple hours warning, though.
what for?
I LOVE YOU.
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 4
pats4life no matter what
I can't wait for when #2NE1 performs in the US!
Mom: The neighbor's enormous Christmas penguin fell over. I'm glad.
Why is the day of Christ's crucifixion called Good Friday?
gasp. Eddie Murphy will not be hosting Oscars. sad.
If you a gold digger be 100 about yo shit bitch, dont try to trick me....
Welcome to the race Rob Halpin! As you know, Rahm can be nastier than a beaver with bedbugs in its beard!
been talking some real shit.. can't retweet everything.
Hate having allergies 😒
I got one as well, but I can't accept the Music user agreement; the page doesn't display properly on Android browsers.
Thank god for twitter at this hour, otherwise i wouldn't know a better to way besides sleeping to ignore this cat Travis
thanks hows your training going?
On a brighter note GO SPURS GO! Memphis or the clippers? WE SHALL SEE!
Back like in the 1900's things where SO different .
There is a taint of class warfare to this #Healthcare debate Labeled Anti-socialism Poor must suffer and "learn" to work hard like the rich
Yeah, dude. That's why you're telling us about it on twitter. :-)
Don't do this to me.....expecialy in front of someone like her -_-
4:20am here in Germany ? Time's running so fast outside the school !!!
wow.i got to class on time! :o
#herestothemindlessgirls who will never learn.
This Sunday Easter! what are some of your family traditions? Egg Hunter, Dinner, Mass?
Lol! I'm just taking a back seat! I've driven for so long, thinking that I was in control. All along I, never was, but HE' always is...
Books should appeal to all of the senses - James Reid-Cunningham..
RT if you Love Zayn Malik, i will follow you :)
The mind ought sometimes to be diverted that it may return the better to thinking.
I was once a Jonas superfan.
Actually there are 20 of us in Mr. Bright's. Learn to count. :D
Learning today about a professor's research into bone and hair analysis. This should make for some intersting stories somewhere...
I have a feeling that one day we are going to look back at some of these videos and think, "Wow we came a long fucking way."
Yay! I'm still awake!!RT : Welcome to #TeamAM! We're happy you're joining us this week!
Got a speedy street? Let me know. #speedbusters segments is coming up on its 4th anniversary!
Rope swings>>
ariana your a awesome beautiful singer you should think about making y our own songs :)
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
when they started Mick Jagger up, he never stopped…just sayin
Your a worthless gutless pig.
then I'll forget to put it in
Broadcasting Games live all day on Listen in. Eddy covering games nationally for Yahoo Sports
and Monday will be a good day for bringing in some delightful leftovers for your morning show family.
“: But really: *must* I defend this thing?” Yes.
Thx for the follow! Those Raspberry Jam Thumbprint cookies sound divine!
Engl. PhD studies in contemp. global novel, new media lit/theory, post-postmod. narrative theory
Which one? I'm driving!
in a sea of authoring tools...Zebra has my attention and my curiosity peaked.
Trying to organize some things for the new home, but things have been delayed.....
Never let someone esle's rain shut down your parade. (aspire 2 inspire b4 u expire) Let's get it :-)
awesome interview on ! Really want to see Newlyweds now
Weekend train service will be the death of me. 2 hours to get to JFK from my apt? You gotta be kidding.
Football? Damn.
I had a nightmare that I was attacked by a spider. In the nightmare, I tweeted about the spider attack and was retweeted 42 times.
I"m not sure -/
God morning!
it's insane. Driver actually laughed at me when I asked why the lights mean nothing, then asked if I was from NYC
Honoured to have you following David. Looking forward to your tweets on
I told Austin about that ^.^
. . . .So, Checkitout and enjoy some real good music!!!! #TEAMVIP (Very Improved People) >>LEGGO>>
#know12 Used to be that best technology was at work: now it's personal tech. Increasingly about UI/UX, freemium approach
Jared Blake: interview from the voice at 12 noon CST. Nixacountry.com
He almost did a porno after Happy Days ended. Not saying you should open the conversation w/ that, but fyi in case porn comes up.
Excited to be back home for a few days this weekend!
u had him on the first cross CP3
sometimes i wished i lived in my fantasy world. lol
Hit. the. net
Follow my hair page
#Terry & #Barea COMBINED will score less than 40 total points in a series against either #Chicago or
"Sorry you were just ousted as mayor of your ex boyfriend from 1.5 yrs ago's t-shirt shop in a strip mall in #Omaha" haha, cool
Digital Empire Hitting Reno Nv In Nov !! GONNA SMASH ON NEW FACES!
thanks bud that means a lot
RT : "If you don't know what you want to do, how do you know whether to walk through the door?"
thank you Amy! You are the best! :-)
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 17
Without trust, words become the hollow sound of a wooden gong. With trust, words become life itself.
If you try to tell me I cant, I will sure as hell try to show you I can! If you think you can't you never will.
Anytime! RT : Thanks to for a look at Looking forward to its launch 4-4-12. Also, thanks for feeding me.
Help retired players with medical costs, but please do not tell me that these players did not know the risk.
yessir, they do
lunch next week? Thursday?
Menudo cook-off/car wash/ toilet program. Azusa Band and Pageantry needs da $$$. Haha. What a great day :)
I ain't sayin you a hoe But damn bitch, you a hoe
Um...so they're only going to campaign in states that HAVE voted?
Get down to Lunar tonight for some Pre-Valentines Day celebrations!! I'll be downstairs all night!!
Ah!!! Packers!!
you've been on the wrong side of town with hondurenas then !
thanks! and TileMill are amazing. The server side of things is still pretty intimidating, but it's a fantastic tool.
I wish I could be there. Had to choose between ALA and LOEX this year. What's your presentation on?
In the studio today .... delightful!
I've never really been one to leave well enough alone....
Gooooooallllll!! #WorldCup #USA way to go Alex Morgan
RT : "If your work is not fired with enthusiasm, You will be fired - with enthusiasm" - John Mazur So very true!
damn all the seniors in my high school are hot
Trying out some new marketing software, please bear with me.
We're done with practice for today.
Genealogy Boot Camp is right around the corner in Lapeer Michigan. Learn your how from A-Z. Oct 6, 2012
oh.. awkward... missed it by like... a minute.. haha
is your friend.
all I want for xmas is for you to notice me.
what are y'all doing?
If #press can get story out of #Bahrain if #protest turns violent, #F1 maybe good publicity for the
pass to Turiaf dunk
Yeah definitely!
thanks girl! see you in a couple weeks :)
The aroma of "NoSaleSmell".
I gave her two flea baths a few weeks ago. Now I suspect she's trying to tell me she likes baths? No idea. Weirdest cat ever
Super important question is Pictage throwing a party this year at #WPPI ? That's my top fav thing at convention!
The joys of working in my office.
anything to help
True! Ha I try to have fun even standing in heels for 4 hours. Lord That was a mission. And I get it from a seatfiller site.
When someone says they have to ask you a question, you think of all the bad things you've done recently.
done w/ assignment 3. finally. amazing how many ampersands can sneak into a URL! only(!) 102 errors for me, jackieo.
After wise counsel, please use #rbms09 to post comments re: the RBMS Preconference
tell your mom Happy Mothers day from all the ICONiacz
no lol I do too!! Lmao girl
YSP encourages the integration of the scientific process with the learning process
My internship is definitely teaching me the importance of having good/strong media lists!
u need to come visit but I kno you met a hawaian dude up there
There's a guy on my train who sounds exactly like Cleveland from Family Guy. Am trying not to giggle.
I thought it was pretty blatant. I was like say what???
Me and my gram are cool now(:
Come check out our northern lights!! $225.00 Ounces any strain!! Mix and Match! :D Open till 9 :)
oh nice
“: Why are flies so FUKIN FAST?!?!” why are you so slow?
that's what that gotye video reminded me of - this beck album cover.
Do hispanics vote? says numbers are rising but there are a lot who don't vote b/c they aren't registered or aren't citizens
what u told Jessica
riley is such a slut,bella is beautiful and the smell of the hair dye today omg
Next stop, ESPN RT : two sports in one tweet!
You know its great when you have to push the bed back 6 inches to be against the wall. :-P
happy 18th birthday♡:")
Rt! Great 2 see u too! Excited for launch
No problem. I always forget about this chat but now I've plugged it into my phone so I don't forget. So many great ones out there.
I really hate today
thanks for the RT, did a great job!
Listening to Neil Goldman's videos, consumers still don't know how to or if they can join a CU & don't think they're convenient.
lol no this is before service
ok well im gonna go :) byee
that's our understanding as well; VERY disappointing RT Leahy's bill (S.193) unlikely to get to the floor
Why especially w/ Dick Clark? What did he do that was so horrible?
you know that wedding you got invited to? said he was marrying me, so go kick his booty;) jkjk
Can we add "whiz" as well?
Tonight in #Denver come by zfREE live music with Acoustic Come get your funk on!
Many thanks to everyone who came to tonight's Craft Racket. You guys are awesome for supporting and sharing with each other.
like that's the most aggravating shit ever. Like people claim their bisexual/lesbian but never went out with a girl before o.O ..
WV: I-81 South (near Martinsburg) CLOSED at x8 with a SERIOUS Tractor Trailer accident involving a School Bus and a passenger vehicle.
do you like twitter?
ok, I'll allow it. the UVa colors make up for all the cooties.
Bren Bataclan will be signing his new book tonight from 6-9pm at the Porter BerryLine. He is the creator of the shop murals!
you're just subconsciously embracing being a civilian, lol!
Work all day today. Then resting tonight. Work tomorrow. Then schoolwork. Busy end of semester.
honey, is there none in house...or is this a specific need for "the usual" Grande Americano w/ room?
Soo glad to be doing Violet again, can't wait to start The show!!! :)
similar debates took place in the 1970s when Congress worked to revise Copyright Act - interests of cable TV giants v. locals
just text me when you're off. We will probably still be around.
All my favorite food places are closed on Sunday. :(
I just signed onto your website, now I'm looking for an immediate #Expat position in
OMG DUDE I HAD THAT IN THE LIST BUT I DELETED IT BECAUSE THEN MY TWEET WOULD'VE BEEN TOO LONG. FUCK!!!
Good morning TWEEPS!
Chet Millard: All workers deserve the freedoms to be in a union and collectively bargain.
I'm really enjoying Mad for Foucault!
This damn guy is pissing me off!
Thank you Velvet! If I tried to do everything you would I'd surely end up in the hospital, Lol. Hope yours is just as naughty
If you attemp to flop that automaticially makes you a bitch
Today's soup: Creamy tomato and garlic. Don't forget
IF I WAS YOUR BOYFRIEND ID NEVER LET YOU GO
No One Taeks Things Serious... Lbvs
Back in the great state of Georgia! With all our iPhones and other assorted igadgetry.
lol I do
Grandad Turner cd out now!! Fred Hammond, Derrick Horne, Calvin Rodgers, Phil Feaster. Frank McComb guests. It's hot!
Lmao RT : "Hey baby, I see you have a bra on, maybe I can put my face in there." That'd work on me .
Jesus told the disciples He was leaving them His 'joy', which shows He probably kept a good mood. Is your Jesus always angry?
After being ad-free for several days now, we've finally contracted a new ad system for WebCamWindow. Ads will reappear soon. Much safer!
luv U NOW GO TO WORK B4 I GO TELL OLLIE
"....Forget Mike, nobody even really knows why he works so hard, it seems like he never has time, because he writes evry note, and write ...
Niggas be in the club flashn they reup money
Yes, I've already suffered. I want you to know, that I'm riding on hell's hot flames. Coming up from below.
Darn! I hate the scale I have! First it says I gained. Than I step on it a second later and it says I lost. Than I step on it again and (c)
Thanks so much for the suggestion! Maybe we can model after theirs...
I was up all night on these realignment issues, and just one thing is clear: I can drink milk and eat cookies all night long.
The weird part is I wasn't even taking photos. I was just holding it in my hand. Museums still have a long way until they "let go"
Omggaahhh I need a long vacay. Stat.
Damn! France is stomping Canada! #world cup
yeah RT : That Dave in a dress shit was way before he decided to leave (like mid-season two N shit)
Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart as working for the Lord, not for men. Colossians 3:23
This guy will never learn...neither will his brother.
is there anything u don't like Lol
Have you heard of a Baker's Breakfast? It's a mix of bagels, muffins, croissants and signature breads from our hearth.
12 hours ago
I can't even imagine what people did at red lights before cellphones
Shouldnt have unzipped my Bookbag in class for that pen..forgot i left a skunk in there 😷
simulation needs #lordstanley in long island
My shirt today: "Writer's Block: When your imaginary friends won't talk to you." Those jerks. Okay, I added the last part. ;)
Excited. For me, I like taking risks & creating my own destiny. For others, I worry that it will be hard for them to adapt.
no problem and thanks for mine :D
"Americas sweetheart, Lindsay Lohan!" YES.
I guarantee I will meet more "U of L fans" this week than I have in my entire life.
I miss my good friend
Tonight, we are young
Lol Im going to bed Im tried I have to print out this stuff and hit the hay!
I can't wait until you get the fuck out of my house.
Its official #ForTheLoveOfMusicATL is now on Twitter. #Follow our radio show & tune in Tues-Thurs from 12p-3p on AM 1100!!
There were only 94 pitchers that threw enough innings to qualify. Did you miss the qualified part of the post?
<= laughing fuckin hard! RT : Lord of the Rings #describeyourpeniswithamovietitle (I'm having way too much fun with this lmao)
Hello Blondie, what type work outs are you doing and how are you today?
we have 143 followers ! I love you.
Gordon Dunsire; exploring the 'MARC Swamp' and its "primordial soup"
omg heather! Hope you're feeling better!!!!!!
I know your probably thinking oh no she didn't, but i just so totally did
great KC show tonight! I loved the line u used to open in New Orleans - hilarious!!
where in Asia?? I've traveled it well : )
how are u cutie?
fingers crossed AND I'll just start locking down locations, making room for trailers. I'm gonna see this flipping' movie.
yup crazy huh
CAnnaBuddies are so cute! go check em out! google em!
I only came to school because I'm in charge of pizza for my STaR party. Otherwise there is no point I me being here today.
As much as I loved the Cowboys, I love #TeamKentucky even more.
I'm not a working editor so everything goes at the grammar rodeo.
set my grandma up on facebook :) she cracks me up
Single Single Single lol
Lightning. Hail. Thunder. Rain. Best drive home ever.
Guess what...instead of flying back straight to CT tomorrow, I'm going to Indy to spend it with Steven for New Year's/his 23rd bday!!!!
Lisa Wingate-Dandelion Summer Beautiful book!
I love america
It's our pleasure!
No more lunch hours at Tutto on Old World 3rd St. after May 1.
wow thank you!! :) we have a new cd coming out! Pre sales have already begun, and with a pre sale you get a free download!!
no jersey girl..:)
Oh ive never heard of a boy fan boying
come to vegas!
Delivered just in time for my case of flu: "Paul Blaisdell, Monster Maker," bio of the low budget makeup-n-fx guy (AIP, Bert Gordon...).
RT : Dinner is over and it was so good. Thanks and !
yes. You did that last night. But you forgot the shutting up part.
I'm officially registered for school.
Excellent school. He must be a smarty pants like you. And yes, you haven't lived until u have a plate. Come visit!!! :)
#NOIData - For efficient IDing: start at highest scores and work down (also motivates volunteers). Granular scores for granular grid. Nuance
Having dinner ready thanks to when I get home, makes the long school day worth it.
Nova eyelash extensions , flirty eyelashes last up to 3 months tweet for discounts
About to walk into my closing. So nervous I could puke.
haha you play video games
and not get thrown out! Lol
Stop, No, Dont : #3turnoffwords ( I prefer, No, Dont Stop! )
Where's the one of me and James? :)
Gal pal Rachel Green
I quote: "hey girl, later in life I shall be a charming, utterly spherical zero, but till then I'll be the 6 to your 9"
It's beautiful outside today(:
we got a pack of librarians hunting for some fun. What/where tonite?
Dumb & Dumber. Never gets old.
agreed, overblown piece of shit.
of course you can! And just for the night!
Medium 1-topping Pizza & 6 Wings for $12.99, pick-up, dine-in or delivery, Monday-Sunday. Plus 99¢ Pizza Slices Monday-Thursday 10am-4pm.
am attending #PINcamp on Tuesday. Would love to connect in person
what is it
thanks to for the Darius Miller poster!
Was chatting with my friend about Israel and a guy nearby chimed in and said he's from Jerusalem.. Now I have a new conversation starter!
I can't believe this again smh!
More homeowners inquired about a refinance this past week as interest rates improved. Refinance activity was even higher than a year ago
Happy Birthday to you then. Hope your day was great!
HOLY SHIT , take ah picturee :b
I saw Lesbian Ballerina Fight Clublast week. I mean Black Swan.
Happy birthday to havent seen you since like 8th grade... Hope your doing great! Keep up with your music kiddo. God bless! <3333
Wear your powderpuff shirt tomorrow!
hey Josh are u a #mahomie too? Just want to know :^)
When's it booze time?
3 weeks ago, Chris Kreider was playing in the NCAA Championship. Unbelievable.
Sundays at UA... No one gets up till 2.
haha, totes! Found some really nice Brazilian ish tho'
Well, it's #restaurantweek and we're looking forward to seeing lots of new and familiar faces!
follow and RT and u may win!RT : hello i would like to know what are we supposed to do to win the wonderful cd?
that's deep
#Paleo FAIL of the week... coconut and almond flour are not a substitute when it comes to gravy. Must find an alternate...
I used to chase money... BUT GOD!!
thank you elizabethh , c:
It's a Swiss fuckin' watch.
If I misuse image macros and rage comics on facebook, would you know it's intentional? Does it matter?
Anyone near Mankato have any hail pictures?
#ThingsMyParentsMadeMeDo clean the whole house if i wanted to watch tv
Oh, you don't run through that mud ditch. You crawl. On your belly. :-)
senior year goes fast man!!
We're looking forward to your visit! See you tomorrow!
This is so creepy and straight out of a Dilbert strip.
wrong this was before drake came along, when drake was still jimmy on degrassi
Watching Veggie Tales with 2 very awake children.
no, but you know what I mean.
I'm never taking 18 credits again
I can't wait to live on the east coast :]]]
Comic book nerds are to funny!
true how are you liking it?
First day of work and I'm already employee of the month.
I've never been jealous of you until now.
What you feed your mind, you become in time. - Pastor Danny Chambers
When you tell a friend of mine you don't like me they will respond and say she don't care!
awww! thank you so much for listening to it!! aw!
hahahaha you and dad!!
i bet lol
I miss you megs!
Ben Santer of Lawrence Livermore Lab elected to National Academy of Science for pioneering #globalwarming work. GREAT !
oh my lands love, I have done that before. and turned solos into duets. what are you singing?
where you at?
liked it!
My first name is Elisabeth.:)I don't like2tell my last name for privacy reason's.I'm assuming your name is Gavin.Nice2meet u!
Happy mother's day.
RT Think I'll just go ahead and pick Kings to win the 2012 #StanleyCup, and '13 and '14 just to be safe.
Having fun with the questions ? loving the anwsers. Got a couple more lol
Congrats on the excellent presentations today Crisis PR
#makeitcount Work my butt off--and don't worry about what anyone else says is possible.
the card scans and works, but when I tried the balance had just dropped to zero. I'll try it again later though
I'm sorry I'm not gay
The doubledoodle is the crisis no one ever talks about! Thanks for addressing this! ;)
Finally called my landlord about my water pressure. I've had it with the low power showers, not to mention odd sounds emanating from pipes.
i really want to welcome all my new members and tell you all thank you very much!
wish you got further on the voice! please continue making music, I hope to hear more from you :) ps- love your glasses ;)
#edc clusterfluffery getting here, but just excited to end a great trip on a high note
I just asked Paddington what the difference was between Chewbacca and Bobafet (sp?) and I think his head exploded
Well, he is scary. Look at the jaw on that guy. One of my fave Disney movies:-)
Baby YOu light up my world like nobody else
Captiva's South Seas Island Resort kayaking nature tours and Sanibel Sea School must go this summer
On way to NYC duo recital with wonderful y. Hanani cello
Congratulations on the 6th MOTY!!! Now get that ring my man...
Looking on the bright side of life-we like that! Hope U enjoyed UR bar! RT: But on a positive note, sunbelt granola bars >>>
School today...ughh!!! #don'tmakemegoback!! But imma look better than ever!! #gonnarockthisbitch!
yes, perfect!
No. Where are you going with this?
Cooking with mesquite reminds me of a campfire...ok, gotta plan a camping trip soon!
Visionary of a company, asking us to Think Different. Brought life to toys, fish, monsters & a simple desk lamp and ball. Thank you Steve. 
who wants to drink beer tonight?
Why is it that stupid people think they are smart and want the whole world to know it?
It feels good to be on Twitter again :3
I think I have a lil crush on
Baltimore! Free breakfast at Ikea, Saturday Dec. 26 until 11am! Whao! No purchase required.
happy birthday kim
bah. Dressed... It's taco bell.
I give, she gets, without giving anything to me.
“: Jeepers I sweat more on the subway than at the gym. I'd give anything for an unlimited taxi card.” // They have those in NYC?
moving on in, moving on out, nothing can stop me.
If only they walked a mile in your shoes.
Evernote is one the best apps!
Go UNC! Need them to win for to win some money in our pool!
I wanna make sushi  >.<
The t-shirt predates the commercial, but not the dance.
DROPPING A NEW SONG TITLED "POT CREEK" ONCE WE GET TO 100 LIKES!!!!!
Little Bill>>>
Everyone keeps telling me that the right guy will come along. I think mine got hit by a truck.
A great life
Happy New Years!!!
Thanks to for the Linked In recommendation. I hope all is going well in the South. Love ya. We miss you in Chicago.
you just wait until the 18th. You're gonna like what you see. I guarantee it
Taurus's are speak how the feel && COULD CARELESS Who's feelings get hurt
ya sure!(:
My last retweet in order of occurrence... , , , and :)
I can't. I love her too much
Waiting for a table to eat the best burgers in Madison.
I hate my day job.
Beyond jealous
#ImWeakFor a girl wit her money right that make me wanna get my money up so i feel dominant
Some people say that a wife can ruin her husband if she doesn't give him stability in the home.
Welcome to Twitter. Sit down and get started. :)
S/O to strong campaign volunteers: and others not on twitter and those of you scheduled for volunteer time.
Missing two people today and it is so quiet... Calm before the storm??
ha yea I was starving and I told my bf lets go to whataburger.he ran into cruz and Cruz gave us like a 50% discount(:
finished my novella Claimed By Desire, now I'm on to editing. It needs much editing
Robert Pattinson looks like a movie star from Whoville. (via )
I'M TOO LAZY TO TEXT YOU BACK BUT YOU KNOW I'M AWAKE NOW
As I See It column: A new journey for Saugus begins on Winter Street
Remember kids, POPPING YOUR COLLAR IS WRONG. So very, very wrong.
Missed the late bus by literally 10 seconds -_-
Just sneezed so hard I'm almost certain I broke my hip...
special shoutout to my team Boston Celtics & my husband for the win tonight ..
Thanks even though it wasn't a very good game :p
Bethlehem, PA. What a place. Now off to find baby Jesus.
Trademark Search & Registration Services. Assistance with Federal or State filing. Email or call 800 221-2972, Ext. 570.
Congrats to on 's new home! Our Gospel Choir looks forward to celebrating w/you TODAY! The fun starts !
On land, yes. But most of the earth's surface is ocean, where blue is considerably more common.
Don't rain on my parade!
Anyone knows a certified Roofer? please call Tea Pot Lounge @ 303-656-9697
I now live outside of Philadelphia. Need to visit Boston soon!
I think Smackdown is overrated, the matches are very predictable, too much talking and in the end, the faces always win
Huzza, huzza to and and all ALSC elected book people!
Meryl Streep is such a classy lady and an amazing talent. Congrats!
There's still Yakima at the wine source in Hampden, as of about 6:00 this evening.
"Sorry I'm not being myself lately" </3
with a great story, got an exclusive from the brewer
The best gift I got for Christmas was being able to spend time with the people I love for another year. #Thankful"
you're in politics aren't you? Make it happen.
Yahoo! paid 4 firms a total of $160,000 for lobbying in first part of 2012
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont justin bieber ...
flyer is unacceptable. He coulda told us that paper is for another area and just happened to get in the Geauga area but no.
Swing w/ Jeremy Schrader & see footage from ur fave Rat Pack films @ 's patio launch - bringing something Neu to #Memphis!
Sarcastic people<<<
Good afternoon :)
follow him!
How much is paid by who is up to the conditions of the trade. If they release him, they pay all but the prorated league min. (more)
check ya email... sent some heat
Giants ending the eagles and jets seasons
Just want to thank you for all you did during the RISE Up taping in Dorchester this past summer. Changed lives.
Rucker: Current law works. Districts have a lot of broad latitude to remove teachers from the classroom.
I can't wait until I finally meet you!!!! All the other hoes not going to matter.
Happy Easter! Catch up time. Lunch? Drinks?
"Guys like that will try anything once....even love," ah Jessa.
:Thanks for following!
Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Soiux Falls..Winds possibly gusting to 50 mph
Students at Millsmont Academy finished their #digitalstories about their love of Oakland and their solutions for the challenges it faces.
Narf, been busy and I think I'm addicted to FB :)
SOLD OUT! TFOS Dinner at #ARVO2012 is at capacity. NO more tickets available! Safe travels & see you in Ft. Lauderdale!
no you are!
When I'm online, Justin is offline. When Justin is online, I'm offline. When I'm sleeping, Justin RT whole universe!
I hope you're feeling better! I hate that you're sick :( Praying for you!
u mean SCAM newton lmao
Back to the bay!
With the guys!
you are RIDICULOUS ... that seriously looks professional!!!
She pop that pussy on a Monday.. *Weeknd voice*
You are going to let a little snow keep you from your Friday night out are you? Come get warm and toasty with us!
haha thanks! Cats and pigs go good together.
OH: No, Chomsky retired, but he's basically undead.
Lou Williams......He's gotta be the last person named Lou.
did I miss the Doug Fir show?
Wanna get a hair cut
#wonch Hard to connect with audience while slides advance, relentlessly. A problem with the genre.
26 percent must have overdrawn checking accts.
Dwight, welcome to twitter :-)
I can't wait for the Olympics to start!
is this what kids these days are saying?
Diddy’s Son Justin Combs Signs to Play Football at UCLA -
If you're looking for a comfortable, laid back space with great beer and delicious New Mexican soul food, look no further!
I used to have nothing...now I got a whole lott of everything
Plz mahomies go follow my lil bro he has 3 follows I'll give a shout out and he follows back
Getting Married? Join Fran Hansen at Hilton San Diego Bayfront One Park Blvd San Diego, CA Friday August 19 also Sat and Sun Low Prices!
#madison Louder. Good gestures, posture, poised. but LOUDER. There's a lot of drama in the content you can use.
Sounds awesome..how is the club scene in Indy these days?
HBCU Students EVERYWHERE - Should be tweeting #HBCUAwards come 6pm tomorrow. Make sure rase attention to the African American Community.
yeah I hear that - KU has Roy's number in tourney
Seconded. #toteshilar RT : #FiveYearEngagement is hilarious! Had so many laughs tonight with some awesome roommates!
My sister going to a social, I remember the one time I went to one of those, its been soo longg
Here we go -- #SOTU #edreform wind up...
Thanks for the mention ! I haven't read Olive Kitteridge by Elizabeth Strout yet, what's it about? will check it out!
Cheese don't move like it oughta.
What's your favorite handbag this spring? Check the blog tomorrow for all the details on ours!
- Thx Bettinelli...let's catch up next week.
ugh seriously?!
Practice looks light tonight.
: You're very welcome :))
Lee doesn't understand the importance of tweets.
Goinq to spend time w/ my Family Today!!!!! Cnt Wait......
This way we can display our nonsensical back-and-fourth banter to at least 10 more people than we usually would.
Realistic and accurate information on mass media- Dr.Oz, TV shows, Epi-pen commercials, ~ would be a nice start!
Gotta imagine the Garden went nuts when they saw the final score of PHI-CHI.
Why cant we personalize it in the US? :/
RT : who can pick me up and tack me?
Watching star wars episode 5, what a crappy looking Yoda!
Thanks 4 the RT : RT Anybody need wine storage? I know a guy...
good :) not expecting anything less
Noise music panel w Katie Taft + Reproductive anatomy workshop starting now at Mercury Cafe
I don't involve/date people who possess a gpa lower than 3.5. Why?Because you wouldn't comprehend the intricate vocabulary that I excersize.
great piece on pixel-fitting, so incredibly noticeable. The computer anti-aliased Markdown hurts my eyes.
Desso Highlights the Danger of Particulate Matter at World Asthma Day 2012
Baltimore, we're open until 11 tonight. You know you need a caffeine fix if you plan on dancing till dawn. Come on down!
My ego even makes me laugh sometimes! Bwahahaha!!!
#gfree and just plain FREE ;) cupcakes can be won on r site www.knowledgesafari.com (u choose the flavors!)
RIP Andy Rooney. Mad respect to a great journalist.
I laugh at my constant desire for perfection. It's kind of boring and keeps me from accomplishing greatness.
Oh them huge Helga's . I got'chu now lmao
I've learned the hard way you can never trust a woman with to many male "friends".. cause when you not around you just another friend
Goals are dreams with deadlines
I swear it happened!!
I ran out for lunch today. Tomorrow were on!
Nov. 9, #Spurs vs. #Lakers. That's the day #SDSU product Kawhi Leonard comes just about as close to home as possible.
I got 99 problems & you ain't one. 😁
I tell people that it's more gray than rainy here, but no one believes me. We get a lot of mist, rarely downpours.
9/1/42, 5 Lódz Ghetto hospitals raided, patients slaughtered, babies thrown from upper-story windows, some bayoneted before they hit ground
I am at the ABC upfront presentation. Just told to shut the laptop down.
I'm so ready for bed!!
that'd be awesome! We're launching Monday. Posting on my blog as well as Kickstarter and would love to feature your app!
. Nice week. Top 10 is always awesome for an aging 40 year old! #cycling Can't wait for Amgen.
Long lost goodbyes can bring with them hellos
I prefer getting gouged slightly more for slightly better snacks/food (example: Arclight popcorn)
Ehh, my big brother thinks he is a player. Pshhhhh, PlEASE!
still at the youth in government conference, someone has to make sure the students stay in their rooms. never get sleep
Battle between & 2nite over SMU hire has more fight in it than Brown will show in his likely 2yr future there
Listen up man, me an' my homeboy are in some serious shit. We're in a car we gotta get off the road, pronto!
Landlord sounds like greedy slumlord
#Adobe is pulling the plug on Mobile Flash.. Poor business move by Adobe in my opinion since it makes #HTML5 the most competitive video tech
What does one want when one is engaged in the sexual act That everything around you give you its utter attention, think only of
I'm so excited to be Betty Boop for Halloween! Thx for great tutorial!
#Tornado Siren a good 5 minutes AFTER shut our cable off with the emergency broadcast warning!
for the time being its just networking...but you never know
What day are you coming next wknd?
On a scale of 1-10 my motivation to study is a -45689 #hurryupderby 🐎🍻
Why is Mother's Day and Father's Day unequal in relevance?
What ever happened to bow ties?
Making a chevron friendship bracelet cause I'm just so frikin' cool .
Doin work in the studio with Homicide and Keith Beatz
I've been playing the Yamaha Motif lately :') it's so nice to be able to play something that sounds as nice as it does <3
Not really...I'm resigned to the fact it'll have to run its course.
Did you know popcorn is a whole wheat food? Just three cups of popcorn equals one serving from the grains group!
thanks for the shutout!! Xo :)
and you have like 8 loves of your life (including me of course)
Additionally, I'd really like to hear more about your concerns re: security - shoot me an email at
When it comes to "Happy Hour," more is better. Island Time now even longer, 3-6p daily.
You're imperfections are what make you perfect.
Where can I find Christian Grey?
It happened, you can't change it.
Fuck D12, I'm outta this band. I'm gonna start a group with the real Roxanne.
Thanks for the mention!
no not at all that song is garbage he has punchlines that don't make any sense
Our service is free to hotels and hotels share in our revenue stream. Contact us to become a partner and better serve your guests.
Don’t forget to check out Fumare’s pastrami sandwich featured on #SandwichKing. 10am tomorrow!
8 o'clock
me and deon as a matter of fact
the Bears O Line sucks and they managed to keep your sorry ass in check. What a crying bitch.
Welcome to Twitter. Thanks for the follow!
He: "Can I have the last dance?" She: "You are having it!" ~Unknown~. have a happy Sunday!!!
North Carolina Aquarium Fort Fisher chooses for Media Content Player for new exhibit!
Success comes to those who never give up.
That's easy. As long as the government says so.
Why thanks, sir! Years of practice and a degree lol.
Hey baby... Whaddya say we take a quick trip to the Caymens and visit my money?
And there's the kiss with wife Anita.
If we don't work together as a country we all fail; GOP does not get this critical concept essential to sustainability and development
| It is the chiefest point of happiness that a man is willing to be what he is. ~Desiderius Erasmus
we also give her cranberry powder as a preventative.
RT : Chris Paquette is THE BEST Percussionist Ever.. OMG!! He's killin these loops
BOGO 50% off is such a cop out. It is not a sale if I have to buy one at full price...
yeah I'm cool. Just lost our dog is all.
Headed out to do some shopping before work.
haha right..it's a side effect from Twitter and ddub...LOL!
I need to check in with my twitter more often.
Congrats! I need to jumpstart my blog!
Watching Selena. Favorite Movie in the whole wide world!
Thx for chipping in for the TEDxATX Rejects party!
I'd totally follow you twice, if I could.
that's for sure lol
Thanks for the RT! The dessert tasted as good as it looked!
What do u call a fat boy who stutter? Porkey the pig
Welcome to #RogersPark! I can't wait for your cafe to open But the folks want to know what you envision for your cafe?
#TeamFollowBack Im putting a promo out there for if you have less then 5,000 followers you need to hit the follow button
Who's watching #the90sareallthat with us!?
" I don't have room in my life for another search engine." - just about swerved off thr roead on that one.. Classic!
Ever since Justin turned 18 he has been acting very sexual, every Beliebers dream to see him thrust Jerry.
So Proud To Be A KΔ <3
Boyd and Jeff are working the lights during a night interview.
Break a leg! RT today's my put in with the cast on stage for How To Succeed! I hope I hit my steps, numbers and depths!!!
if only > j biebs
I want to go back for a few things i did wrong :x
haha right!!! Trying to get our merch sold.... Plus I'm super bored at work!
Huh, very interesting indeed. An interesting shift for SEO. I've seen rankings for synonyms moving up as well.
Bitch, I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
#nothingsmoreirritating than when u know something that needs to be said, but you hold your words in because u promised not to say anything
Not saying Mike Gonzalez has had two good years here, just wouldn't automatically rule-out bringing him back. Right player, right price, Oz?
#FolderNamesToHidePornOnPc Best of Pastor Chris ;-)
now only one ;-)
The Brewers are a pile of crap
sound like me.....
I sent my Pics
RT : What a great accomplishment - SKI-U-MAH!! RT : #Gophers win 4-2. National Champions!
yeah my mom started singing that today & i was like what the hell mom? how do you know that
when you don't text me back I assume it's cuz you don't wanna talk and I hesitate to text you again later.
Hamilton beach slow cooker coupons
no, i don't want to get any work done today, thanks. i'd rather make weird noises at my cats and say inane things on twitter.
Thanks bro! If you want to campaign with me and tweet it out to your peeps I'm not against that.
As a penn state alum O'Brien has my support. Do I have a choice?
How do i get into the Beta? Friend was telling me about the game, i wanna play!
hah yeah, it WAS Friday when I posted that =)
thank you for the mention!
Mf's need to stop getting in they chest over people they aren't fuckin. Simple as that.
Blame it on the traffic, no one else knows that you chose to walk.
my sister said my boobs feel like water balloons..now i cant stop touching them for confirmation #SMH boredom its so sad :(
Wut in sure someone was there to take my spot ;) ;) ;)
talk to you guys soon..going back to sleep....but keep on following ...luv all
Trying out hoot suite
Thanks for the
thanks for the RT!
Yes, the old (current) site was hand-coded. Thx for the feedback. Once I feel more comfortable with Drupal, I'll make the switch.
Great night.. We won our outdoor adult league soccer championship..
WHY ???? WHY??? WHY??? CAN"T MLB.TV GET THIS RIGHT!?!? I don't pay to NOT SEE MY TEAM PLAY ON THE FREAKING WEEKEND
I know everyone was tweeting it I'm like what
Laundry, errands, and bills. Grateful for all of it.
haven't had one in the longest. So good, bruh.
#ThankyouKidrauhl for everything you have done, you inspire me, and you are just the best♥ I love you. :)
Is this a trick question? No, it's not three days. It's not even two, unless I am not mathing correctly.
Just joined the #Jaberwalkers team for , super excited for March 10th now! (sup )
When a new CC is provided the additional data must be present to submit to the gateway for auth, so no plans to implement this
JUSTIN, Y U NO TEXT BACK?
Oh really? Not sure I even know who runs that page, I just added it way back! :-)
YES also its big enuf that you can come see me :) :)
Off to the North Atlantic #Blues Festival in Rockland, #Maine to play this weekend with Can't wait!!
ahh yay :)) were gonna be together!! :))
I miss u 2 dear Jglia, I hope you are happy and well! po
Good morning! I feel great today. I realized I haven't had a migraine in two months. Yay!
I hate you chola !
Are you guys hiring? Could use something to do on the weekends.
Moneyball was such a great movie. Good to see in it for a second. I love baseball.
Did the full design for my poster. Edited the text. Then realized I forgot to put my name on the stupid thing. Grr.
Local 16 was great for happy hour!
True enough, but not THE Santa Penis... but creepy old man penis is creepy old man penis
Is it because you made a drum out of a bucket for the protest?
A full purse is not as good as an empty one is bad. - Yiddish Proverb
2 yr old just made me wish I was 2 again: I had a dream I was walking down the street and didn't have to hold anyone's hand
Monday Night Karaoke w/ Ryan Pardey & Richie "The Pirate Hippie" 10pm! shot+beer=$5
Thanks for the shoutout. Do you need any voice-over promos for your station?
New term - "eidoof" for that stuff's inventor. Like: "Chris has bizarre respect for that eidoof's creation"
": Seeing tonight at the pageant. Can hardly contain my excitement." Hav fun! #stlouis :)
Great app! It helps me keep up with my web site reading without the frustration of reading on my phone on my desk. Thanks!
followed lemon slice.
dude at one point he looked like susan boyle so just be happy thats over hahaha
We will! I promise. I'm probably getting there early cause I want to buy a shirt :)
Beat box imaginary in the snow....
Hello to everyone following me on Twitter. I still need some more people to review my 1st product. Anyone?
Do you have the info from the php class? I can't seem to get the link to work. Thanks!
"The person who pays an ounce of principle for a pound of popularity gets badly cheated."-Ronald Reagan, 40th U.S. president-via Brian Tracy
Chris' Wanderlust: Travel & Photography Adventures: Town of ...
Disney on ice 2night, Breaking Dawn friday, & my b-day next Wednesday...ao why am I trying to get sick now
I'm not doing shit for no body from here on out so don't even ask.
mostly work, but def going to have fun too.. Gotta take advantage of the opportunity!
Just did segment on fox business news on nfl kickoff. Why no sponsors naming sponsors at meadowlands????
Our last two-show day at the Beckett Theatre is today!
From the time they are preteens, women spend a significant amount of time concerned with beauty — makeup, skin care and, of course, hair
Hey dude, what's your gamertag? We gotta get on Gears together when it comes out
bigg is what???
NEW design coming soon! Fresh To Death 2nd Edition
What Kill's You Makes You Stronger ♥
I feel better :)
OMG RT : This horrible spill wouldn't be happenin in the gulf of AMERICA! Arizona knows what I'm talkin bout!
POPular! ;) Did you survive it? I'd need a big nap after that.
Call me maybe is on
More movers&shakers we will be interviewing in the coming weeks include John Most, CEO of Most Advertising&Mike Weisman of DGWB stay tuned!
Watching some seriously creative stuff at the New York Tech Meetup
Spent the day with 23 Norwegian cousins. Learned a few songs in Norwegian, Bought books from two authors in the family.
Social Proof is a psychological concept describing our tendency toward conformity. Using this to your advantage is a big help in life
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
turns out my preorder won't come for another couple days.. I'm going to cry! But well fuck it i'll just buy it on iTunes now (:
She's just the girl I'm looking for.
now I'm just doing it on purpose (:
#YallNeedToBreakUpIf all you do is argue bout every little thing
I am trying to turn my writing passion into a career as we speak. Any advice? Thank you in advance...
ty you hve a good one also
just got me to LOL. Thanks for the birthday wishes all!
back in fl? Not Orlando?
it's not fair that I sit here and think about you and You sit there thinking about her..
Well, on the eve of opening weekend, I have to say the DW12 looks pretty damn cool.
When should you not exercise? If your OB puts your on bedrest or once your are 28 weeks don't lie on your back or do ab exercises.
You're awesome Carla!
HIM BEIN ON DA BUS WASNT DA ISSUE HE USED GODS NAME IN VAIN AS FAR AS IM CONCERNED TO RUN DAT WEAK AZZ GAME
All these favors I always am doing for everyone will eventually pay me back in the end..
nice, waking me up on the east coast
Now get on it! I refused to wait this time. I waited before and it was sold out within minutes.
I don't really care Too much for seafood.
#sheaintwifeymaterial if her aspirations are to be the baddest bitch on basketball wives or bad girls club...
I really liike the solo in Dyers Eve, and No Remorse.
: Welcome to Twitter; I hope you love it as much as I do!
checkn wit da bffs but it looks like Evergreen
Follow me also on Facebook @ Bobbysexy90
Great day for OKC that signed an extension! who?
Duh those first few years are gonna be tough on the wallet. Your gonna need a side gig.
I just packed a blazer. Washingtonian much?
I don't know if I need or I want so badly , go to forever 21 ._.
Vancouver is a beautiful, safe, friendly and peaceful city with excellent citizens. Last night was a set-up.
New dance "The Mcreery seizure"
u have 2 hit comment first, under which ever pic
Cannot write a poem recently without the word "turret"--
Let nature take its course and hope it passes
I'm stealing that line I hope we are blowING you mind
I miss the beginning of American idol when everyone sucked
Got some sun today w/o burning and had a conversation about 's mom being a milf. I'd call today a success.
I spent a lot of time searching for reasons, for answers. But you can't find what’s not there.
We're friends, You laugh, I laugh, You cry, I cry, You jump off a bridge, I jump into a boat and save your retarded ass.
What do you do with all of the extra paper that you cut the silhouettes from?
lipstick, llama,
Your welcome! Thx for following back!
not that I kno ma. just don't see nothin wrong wit tryin to help yourself.
#chicultural2012 but not there needs to be a more intimate discussion...Enter Cultural Conversations. 19 of them. Throughout to Chicago
Hope all of my LA tweeps are OK!
Thanks for watching. I appreciate it. Have a good week :-)
Things that are awesome: great friends and family.
I hear u. A new report says 2.5 million dead people have their ID stolen every year. Their surviving families get stuck.
/ Fellas good morn!!
Good luck and Men's Basketball tonight in the #DIIIFinalFour !
“: You can never make anything too simple, for simplicity is the law of wisdom.”
understood....you are drunk
RT : Jus say the have it beats family at the yard house they always show love
hey dude. im moving to the bay area in two weeks. Can't wait. Would love to meet up soon :).
Are Castle and Beckett gonna kiss! Spill the beans!
yessir, hustle don't die for me fam. How u been Plaga?
I just had jury duty last week...4 days. Ugh......
Thanks Greg! RT Thx for your outstanding support of students ! Great event last night
The Cavaliers roll on to the next round but get no rest. Next game is at 6:00 p.m. TONIGHT. Come on down and cheer on your baseball team.
Just getting in from the Emmy's Governor's Ball Party...
Gettin my hair done!
enjoy! Registrations should be up and ready shortly...thanks so much for your support!
This deserves MORE than a channel change. OFF it goes.
lost track of #asimov. TY for link. Have hundreds of old issues. Going to re-subscribe.
“: I've found all I've waited for, and I could not ask for more. -Sara Evans”
#didyounotice when you stop calling they start #Idon'twantyounow
I remember when I saw that on pay per view on a double bill with Hollow Gate way back some Halloween. Good stuff!
Is anyone else have problems getting service from ?
just takin care of bizness! U ready 4 tonight
I know right?!?!
Come on, you mean we have to talk to people too?
love that place
Did I mention BYOB?
that is how we all should roll today..
is rumored to be working with technology, to control the TV sets with devices...Can Graffiti be next?
"Not right now, things have been slow"--Stop using this excuse.
I should be able to get it myself but I have finals all that week and 4. Lol im not loved
happy new year!!!♥
You too freaky I'm over here rolling dats just nasty
Wherever you are - be all there. Jim Elliot
Had a great, great time at Safe Harbour last nite. Happy 50th Pas. Ramsey! TO GOD BE THE GLORY!
across the street...tempting, tempting....!
why are you doing this to yourself. It's literally killing me.
First of all who buys swishers? I got that white owl white grape
personally, I think sex doesn't play a part in it (or plays very little). It's just being human. /me shrugs
would love to see that!
i've got a few tracks from the Johnny's show to load if I can just find that special load music button....
Well, that's why I was concerned you were asking!
Agree! Thanks, Lolly! RT : Trust is knowing that is always going to lead a great chat!
Happy Tuesday folks!!
Revolutionary Cleaning provides reliable, high quality residential, commercial, and industrial cleaning services to florida area.
Thank you! Sorry for late response we are moving this weekend!
Meeting with Kendra from Citadel radio
RT : Manners do matter so make sure you thank people when they retweet you!
Nothing from the Spring comes out until late May, and June. They always release stuff after the season is over.
Anyone know what the word trust means or even know how to do so?? Damn!
Matt Kemp's 1st inning home run didn't even go that far. Come on man, step up your game. #BEASTMODE #MVP #Dodgers are lucky to have this man
no, no, no, no. #LSU and #Bama are the only legitimate programs in CFB as it stands and their dominance is only beginning
Ready to kick some butt tonight in the Volleyball tourney
i would get 80 tho....would only pocket 20...u would be out 20...u go back to school
Cleaned windows in Forest Lake and a house in Acadia, tomorrow will bring me to St. Paul Midway area.
Aggghh....this guy...
SQL Server Database Corruption–Part IX: Responding to Corruption - SQL Server Pro (blog)
Dear person trying to sabotage me: Please stop- hopefully, evidence is going in for fingerprints today. Who said South Milwaukee was safe.
If interest rates are so darn low, why will Congress double the Subsidized Stafford Loan rate? US Dept of Ed. rep presenting at
when people hurt you<<<<<<
Awh Man.. I'm not getting My World 2.0 till the 26. Ugh! I'm very sad right now:(
Man comcast is the best damn thing ever
I study for CAPTCHAs and I STILL fail!
Ah yes, thanks for reminder
17534: You're really nice(: & Pretty!
Auto glass,chip/crack/auto repairs 832-335-7386. #windshield repair service,chips/cracks on
Need alternative income source. Prostitution not really an option. Drugs either. Ugh.
My frenn not texting me back
These strawberries in this yogurt are nasty 😒
just saw that a person's last name is Husband. does "husband" have another meaning in English? or is it from another language? ^_^
"To Kill a Mockingbird" at the is TO BE SEEN. Hurry, while there are still tickets.
Do you think Eric Cantor practices his stern face in the mirror at night?
Might have to check out explosions in the sky at the bottle.
If you are looking for a new computer or to fix your old one come and see us @ 1423 NE Fremont Street Portland, OR 97212 in our new store!
for you. I'll get the chocolate dip stuff so talk to about the cheese stuff is bringing wine.
Unfortunately yes, I'm going to Anaheim and Huntington Beach so I'm hoping I won't be completely surrounded by King fans.
JB VanHollen Wisc. AG Republican has had 2 years to find significant levels of voter fraud. Guess what? Not there.
is fine-tuning an offer, then meeting Crystal and her better half for dinner and biz talk..
Randolph College is getting ready to start a new academic year.
love you guys :D seriously you guys are REALLY talented <3 #ComedicDancers #FollowBack :)
#iTunesU has completely changed my morning commute - have to love the "free" flow of information
Screw it, go all in 100 Billion Dollars
Matt, thanks for the RT! Have a great week.
lmao id kill for 1 right now, im lierally faling aslp tryna reply to you but im off this ill text you till i fall back aslp<<3
Chapter 2012 Page 119 of 366 Stop over-thinking & and just go with the flow
byes are spread for fantasy football and betting.
Just because you are a police officer that does not mean rules don't apply to you.
Yes Jon Jones gets title shot !!!! #ufc126 #Vegas great card tonight! How could it get better?
RT : "Autism takes a double toll" Mothers of children w #autism earn far less than those of kids w other health conditions...
Come on down to for happy hour! $1 Olympia beer on draft and many food items! What else could you ask for?! 3PM - 7PM everyday!
Hi:)...do you remember me...Katie Lambert...how are you...are you okay??
_3_ years? I may be at least that long, but aich. Here's to 3rd floor IC. Enough ambient noise, but people are quieter.
Heyy, Haven't seen you in forever :( What's up?
can you tape it and send it to me? xo love you
With how many times you've tweeted that I think its time you take the hint :P
I'm curious about the teddy grahams too. Did anyone give you an answer?
lol I WAS JUST KIDDING ME PROMISE.
On our way to Pueblo for the 111th Bell Game. Catch the broadcast next Wednesday at 8pm on CET-105.
Mahalo. We are excited too!
and that is exactly why they sold it.
Thanks for the retweet Anne!
marketers value ROI. when social media provides it, they'll value it
Biggest challenge is teaching kids to use social media in a safe way
sometimes the worst thing for you is the best.
hi can you do me a huge favor real fast?(:
Now poor Candide is back in Europe after surviving perils at sea. Could his fortunes be looking up? Don't count on it.
The mannequins at American Apparel on 6th Ave and Bleecker aren't wearing bras! Good shit y'all, come thru!
Welcome to B-more! Glad the Ravens got you!
RT : Chun: Tools we use to augment reality have come to supplant reality.
Long weekend filming in Virginia and Philly... Acting can be so exhausting, but is so worth it!!
happy b-day
What a long 30 minutes.
brand me
Trust is like an eraser the more mistakes made the smaller it gets.
Good ride with C-Hill moto posse... Beacon hill, george town, waterfront, magnolia and ballard.
#celticschat Notice that Rondo only has 4 assists.
I should've got my chickens on video. I've never seen that before. Lol.
I went to Orlando :)) <3 wish I could went to all three haha
may is busy but I can figure something out. I'm out of town to dc/philly 18-21 tho
Too many stranded runners, #Gator baseball.
I hope when I try to help people that it actually helps them..
i hear you, huge cloud of smug surrounding my high school's cross country, constantly hating on the marching band
Respect to for keeping K2 the cleanest dorm on South campus
Oh my dwam, I can't recall everything I did last night.
Miss Martian crazy beootch with the crazy eyes!!! And Aqualad is evil!!!
If you go to the NFL draft, bring a more recent/better jersey than Brandon Stokley
SWW 1A tennis: Castle Rock 3, Montesano 2. Rockets win second and third singles, first doubles.
well looks like I know what's for lunch!!
Still need somewhere to stay?
When is The Meadow Man coming out? If it still is :)
I thought Unguarded was great. I liked how it incorporated him speaking to different groups as the story was told.
Thanks to for the retweet, his army of morons is inspiring #tcot?
Your so lucky Followed you and DM'd you! Congrats! (:
We are up! In 1st, QPR defend for your lives!!! Im rooting for you!!!
hey follow back? (:
We are looking for a PHP Developer in Dallas. Know anyone?
It's a cool topic- also, great post.
To answer your question, rhetorical or not...eating your lunch, bitch. Suck it.
"i love with all my circle,not my heart because hearts break and circle go on forever."
It's Sophie Level's birthday! remember when you, KJ, and I uses to talk about her on xbox? lol
#rush limbough-just because you were born in the 1800's doesn't mean you can act like it's the 1800s,
You were great, you got the spin and everything
we are happy to be a part of the Alex Laynor Foundation event this Saturday! Hope to see everyone there!!
daft punk and metadata
LMSOO RT : yo he literally picked me up! I was lost lol
"Words can break someone into a million pieces, but they can also put them back together."
oh god XD. I missed all that. Did she say when our next game is?
skipped graphic lab today you proud?
exactly what people said about twitter! and neither do i. just trying to suss it out a way to get out from under banking interests
Happy birthday to James Earl Jones (81), Muhammad Ali (70), and First Lady Michelle Obama (48)!
I think it's about time that lottery tickets exclusively sold at their own stores.
now your just somebody i used to know.
... Hey ! ... I still want a chance to sell every used car on your lot in the next 30 days ! Call me ! ... 323-370-6419 ...
Way to answer but let's cool it on penalties please. Play smart
South Georgia ! I am a Georgia Boy myself! Milledgeville, born and raised in Tifton! Here to you'll having a great weekend!:)
On Sunday 20 Mar @ 8 pm EST Myfreegenealogy.com will be hosting yet another online chat. The last chat went well. We met some members, discu
Coming to San Diego any time soon? Miss coverage of women of color, authors, thought leaders, catalysts, non celebs.
Instead of killing the tree, couldn't you have it pruned by me? :) Let's keep it clean and green :) but hilarious post!
In order to make your dream a reality you must first WAKE UP..GOODMORNING =)
I think u still owe me lunch miss
thanks so much <33
"Columbus sailed the world in a boat, and you can't get to the gym?"
I'll get back to you soon :)RT : sent to your LinkedIn inbox :)
We could use you tonight, overnight, or Sunday at 100 Innings of Baseball at Adams Field in Quincy. Come down!
For Halloween,next year,we're dressing up as carrot triplets&we're wearing a hat filled with salt&read a book outloud(;
Ugh i dont wanna go home! I jus wanna stay rite here wit him!
Going to Connecticut when I get home...again.
Responded to FIRE @ 3331 Bruckner Blvd, Bronx, NY 10461. Red Cross auto update.
Need a table anytime throughout the night? Text one of our hosts at 630.235.7357 or RT/DM this message and we'll get back to you ASAP!
If you're in the SF/Bay area this weekend, come see me at the Alternative Press Expo!
A Big thanks to for the support!
hey thanks for following us! keep up the good work.. :)
Lol why would you do such a thing!!!(x
truth:/ shit sucks
Star Trek marathon: a good way to spend a sick day :)
Need some music
:'-) MT : Before I knew who he was,Junebug hustled me on my gig at Utopia. Boy,I felt like a fool. Great player,bright spirit
Business Card BLITZ has been a hit! Most cards ever sold in a month for Business Cards Discounted! Get 250 for $19 or 1000 for $39
The rats were angry too. It was a chorus of squealing & squeaking w/overlay of painful screeching. Maybe a mother rat protecting nest?
Studio tomorrow! Tracking drums for a new single that will be out soon!
So ready for school to be over
Off to the mall to spend my birthday money on my siblings birthday presents and a mothers day gift.
I don't even like Nicki's music, but rapping and acting like her was just so funny.
It's not a party without 'Silhouettes' by Please play it! 'Gregory's Theme' by , too!
I feel like we've been driving forever.
I heart you Cuddy!
no, by virtual keyboard I mean the iPad's on screen keyboard. It's amazing how much I can get done on my iPad in a coffee shop..
it's amazing! I let my grandma listen to it today and she loved it! She enjoys Peyton's music! We listen to his EP all the time
Shout out to for being awesome
It's 4 Gram 1/8th Day at The Clinic!!!
It's creepy how much that looks like my cousin!
Photographers! If you want to submit work for our next issue, email us at !
U could win tix to Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol premiere in LA! Visit a Simon Mall vending machine to find out how to enter!
Small is the new big, everywhere.
“Those tax cuts, rather than the spending binge, are the primary cause of the (federal) deficit.”
Up and at it!!!
The great thing about the grab and go is we can constantly change things up. We've added a Turkey Avocado Wrap ($5.95) and a Cheese...
Glen Campbell's tribute is everything the Beach Boys tribute should have been...good and with people who can sing.
isn't that a song Karli Whetstone performs
Wrapping up a tremendous week at the #AynRand Center for Individual Rights in DC. Great work being done by the outreach and policy teams!
I'm off this shit for awhile peace...
"Ladies, don't settle for the bench, just because he's a player...you deserve to be starting."
Just a reminder! Still have 7-$10 Locks available for tonight. Each Lock backed with a 120% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE if it goes down. Email us!
that awkward moment when you turn up with a niece because your brother stole them.
To my parents Apostle Mary Brinson & Apostle Frank Brinson to show me true love is.... Thanks for being great examples
I'm glad to know that Jose Bautista follows Jennifer Lopez. Thanks, Twitter. As if I thought I couldn't have wasted more of this day.
Jim Harbaugh now qualifies for a Grip-Rite endorsement.
what did i say that was hateful towards him?
Lax bros.... They stick together I guess
Did my own "smoky eyes" last night for the first time ever, it was kind of a success, I mean you're supposed to look like a peacock, right?
I get so excited :P
No official mob. They just have some great deals and specials for Record Store Day (which is tomorrow)
who was on da bus today
Classy Saints RT This is awesome. Gronkowski takes the rec. yards lead. Then, Saints put Graham back in and start throwing to him.
that was a really great interview! Justifies why community college is so important these days.
Last class ever after this seminar presentation today. All #dissertation from here.
haha and yes is still dead
if you still need help, I'm actually working in InDesign this afternoon. I have CS5.5
Excited about my students' show on Friday in Westchester, NY. I'll be hosting, which is something I really love doing. All pressure is off!
snag a bagel!
O! I believe she did!
RT : No matter how many times I say I hate you, just remember you're really the only thing that is holding me together.
good answer :)
Take Care is one of the dopest albums ever made.
...'Bermuda Love Triangle'? Thoughts?
9 hours of sleep? Yeah, I needed that. BRING ON #Oysterbake !!!!!!!!!!
round 1 playoffs tonight ....get focused! ....one game at a time!!!!
Ok, so my myspace life is officially over...received a friend request from my mom.
Video Shoot for "I Do My Thang" is the weekend of Oct 15th-17th. If you wanna be in the video holla at
Eating girl Scout cookies and drinking cream soda to sober me up at 7am lmao
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. ~ George Sand
I LOVE YOU so much Never 4 get that<3 xoxo
you're the coolest gal around I swear!
Looks yucky!
For real?! After 3 days of not seeing nor talking to me Alls you can do is txt me to tell me u'll tell me about ur trip next time u see me?!
Judging by that interview Georgia's head coach looked about as confused and surprised as LSUs offense
Lifes too easy to be so damn complicated
i wish that i could find someoneworth my time just like my bestfriend
The boyz Hella circling the block..
Playing ball today at mainland rdv
The sun isn't out at 7:30 am. Who knew?
Only if u study like I study Facebook lmao.
NY Jet Coach Rex Ryan
Brunch from 11-2 today. Come prep for some NFL playoff games and grab a bloody too. Games will be on with sound in the basement.
Moon SooRa is very pretty
PAAAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I CAN'T BREATHE
This is starting to become difficult ...
The best things in life, aren't things <3
Haven't watched you people in a Month... I see I've missed nothing.
I estimate that the percentage of women being assaulted is much higher.
No food and no one on campus wahh :(
advice from me to u, Go to sleep Cuz since the time changed ur gona lose an hour. Trust me i overslept this morning.
Jeez... Look what she does to me...
S/O to my new follower thanks for the follow
Monkey Walls
so proud of you ;)
hey y'all, any chance you can help us make it to 400 followers? we only need 30 more today! thanks so much in advance! :)
And husband...RT : I want Megan's entire wardrobe. And makeup artist. And apartment.
It looks as if #atsummit is more popular than #oatsummit. I'm taking off the "o".
RIP Steve Jobs
Goin To Get Inked :-)
Finally finished The Scorch Trials! Can't wait to finish The Death Cure now!
and blonds -______-
i hate hate when the warm weather like this 68-70 degree had to be really windy? why?
time to recruit some new blood, sorry I am only a year younger but would love to help
Thanks Sarah :) Happy Mother's Day!!
Dancing in my room inspired by the ^_^
30 rock is way funnier, and community has really low ratings...
