Yiiiiip! On my way.
Seriously the place is kind of overwhelming.
Sometimes you got to get sick and tired of being sick and tired and just beef up to do better than better.
I'm investing it all.....time, money, talent, spiritual abilities......in WHAT? going WHERE? Retirement is an enormous challenge!
that's exactly what I thought when I watched it!
Hey , thanks for the follow--and for the inspiration!
I said it sounds familiar....bc it was my status a couple days ago...but I was just messing around...lol
rediscovering twitter for the first time
How to destroy Catholics - Step 5. Gather leaders at the White House, & tell them not to listen to the Pope
Adele is so great. And she's wearing polka dots.
I always say I'm going to sleep early but here I am...
oh well
you're always cute! If you don't get one soon, I'll try and help you out sweetie, let me know, k?
legends play their career for (or mostly for) one team. See: all the greatest baseball players ever. Now he's just another guy.
Friday!! Hell yea! :D
Drunken late night swims? The best.
I'm my own person I don't care wht others think
i wish this huge house didnt feel so fucking empty
I'm so excited to see my friend today and show off St. Paul by bike! See you soon, Deb!
I came to conclusion, that I would change my tongue ring to a different one since it STILL hasn't healed COMPLETELY
God, it's like enough to give you nightmares.
both very true statements , haha
it's my birthday but my mom is shopping for HER. um rude?
Don't you mean the Knicks are +4.5?
It was so great to have Ella Baff here today for the
you training for something with those? Lol jk
You too.
or I wounder if I might receive a call of one of u ?? Ide love that OMG :D 07979230784 please I love u ♥♥
yup!! For the weekend :)
School in a few :/
oh cool. Your number still the same?
I do like the occasional salad...tossed.
I'm retarded, I thought today was the 2nd for some reason lol..!!
Breakfast at Tiffany's
Happy birthday!!! 19 isnt that exciting tbh, last yr as a teen officially
You are so awesome! Thanks!
Daily Special, Tue 03/20/12 - Lightly seasoned pork chop served w/ mashed potatoes & gravy, green beans, and dressing. While it lasts! $6.09
of course :)
It takes skill to trip over a bug
but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act their dream with open eyes to make it possible.....RT RT
it is possible but they would have showed it and made it more clear, apparently 2 more shows left this season
BBQ being served before 8am
Some People Aren't Happy Unless They Miserable
Deng is Thibs' security blanket, so I doubt it too. But the Bulls do need to score it better to get past the Heat.
"He still writes blogs." "Oh really...?" "Yeah." -epistemology, on the boundaries of itself
preach it, c selfe, preach it! Love the quote on digital affordances being no minor matter.
just seen 5 tweets with H.I.M. in it .
Thanks Wade
Dale Jr
Yesterday's institutions failing: It's Reconstruction all over!Civil War wreaked havoc on nation;globalization, industrialization.
I get to see #TheHungerGames TODAY! At 3PM! I'm jumping for joy!!! =]
would u like to be the 100th person to follow me?
currently moving. I'll be in by memorial day
Revenge is one of my fav shows 😉
Get ready for a new fish at your local restuarant. I believe Lion fish are every bit as tasty as Hogfish. I really enjoyed eating them 2day
Apparently soldiers and Marines don't need AC in their tents
No. Please. No. Xx
HA!!! just read....november baby....that explains alot!!!!! scorp or sag???
Thanks for the follow Happy Weekend!
Those moments in life when my best friend calls me and she's high as the sky and I can't understand a damn word she's saying.
i think we need one last talk. so i can forgive yuh...and forget yuh.!
Shorter Healthcare: Obama wants to make us eat our peas but swears he won't make us eat our broccoli.
when doctor gives you weak pain killers < still hurting doc
Fascinating topic for a series, yet I believe they would be better served focusing the discourse around more clear criteria
Lunch break! Finally!
I'm down
This book is rocking our world right now: www.roomthebook.com. What books are rocking your world?
Diana Ross is super boss. Beyonce Knowles is outta controls.
"Dad, no offense or anything, but why the fuck are you calling me?"
yes, melanie was AWESOME! I just ordered my dress a couple weeks ago! And I got a job at enterprise!
WTF was w/ Angry Mumbling Guy behind me @ afternoon session? "mumble mumble kick his ass mumble damn academic mumble"
lol we do resemble each other a bit.
Omg... That's me all day. I AM the music video to most songs, while I'm driving. ;)
we did! Good luck
i do
Pizzeria UNO on NJ-73 is advertising its tap lineup for Beer Week.
what are you doing before B.O.TB's???
Infinity & Beyond.
LOL. so you switching up my words n tryin to make me look like a creep? Oh.
Burger King uses an average of 1/2 million pounds of bacon every month in its restaurants.
or the walls stare too much
omg me too! Ugh Kristen stewart
#AskMel why do people still talk like #RG3 is going to the colts?
The Freak is pitching against the Dodgers today. Why aren't we there? Oh right, because we're going to Santa Barbara to see Thom Yorke.
#SeniorYearMemories ... We almost killed someone and got hit at the same time in Oakland w/ &
Appreciate the RTs and everything. Glad Jackson's extension is complete. Now he and Spiller just need to be focal points of #Bills offense.
Glad I got to see Kiara and Kolbie today! ☺
My Mom's birthday was on Friday and I forgot. How do I make up for that? Uff.
yeah it was great! i think that was like a couple of years ago right?
“: A horse walked into a bar.. Several people got up and left as they spotted the potential danger in the situation.” hahahah!
what's your name?(:
Dwayne is like freaking out with so much work over "Empire State". We are working really hard on it. Liam & I are already used 2 it. Xoxo ♥
And now something for the ladies... Thanks
Check my French.
all like to - Tomorrow 8pm in NYC!
or at least a map where you can pull Texas away (kidding)
Those that follow us on Twitter...thanks from the bottom of our heart! Lol
thx for your message to upwithchris! We really appreciate your support.
28 degrees out and yes, I've had a flip-flop sighting on campus.
Saw 5 deer across the street from our daycare this morning. I think it's a sign.
Love the dashboard view: Much quicker (and easier) to gain instant overview of stats. Thumbs up to your UX/I team.
Hello. I'd certainly like to introduce myself and my work, which is public art. I'd love to have you stop by the studio.
Alas for those that never sing, But die with all their music in them! ~Oliver Wendell Holmes
Childish Gambino has the cutest personality
Thank you, we appreciate the support and look forward to hearing from your writers!
: 1700 pink slipped. Cost of $122 million shortfall
This Atleti game is looking ugly. Barcelona is already up 3-0 and its only 30 minutes in...
welcome to twitter my friend!!
I prefer Justin bieber but Camron
Tonight at : Tori Pater, Chris Sheldon, Fleeb Keith Thomas and the return of Eric Martinez!!! 10pm and FREE!!
Good morning
At antony + the johnsons. He is doing a beyonce cover
Good lucky finding caches. Great fun for the kiddies.
i need book recommendations for reading while in Aruba
Definitely more for him than me! Poor guy!
Me to:3
Our new songs are coming along pretty nice!!!! Happy about it... :)
Really Missin a certain someone
Follow for updates on what’s happening across the sports world.
I would not be surprised if 2 chainz committed suicide because of twitter lol
All Time Low
thanks for the follow!
That's not fair... John Legend can't help it. RT Why the hell do people try to make Christmas songs sexy?
Kobe Bryant is good, but honestly he's no Jeremy Lin
Watch Kimbriell Kelly on Perspective Sunday at Noon on WPWR
Congratulations to everyone for putting forth such hard work this past term! Enjoy your break - you earned it!
President of , Burt Kummerow speaking now.
Today, celebrates 100,000 students over the last four years spending the day job shadowing AT&T employees all across the company!!!!!
Cotton tale designs Mosquito Net, Lollipops and Roses On Sale ...
Researchers found that we experience a release of pleasurable chemicals in the brain (endocanabinoids) after an intense workout!
You'll never really can fix my heart..
In some states, not wearing your seat belt during a car accident can reduce or even negate your compensation for damages....
My thoughts exactly!!!
thanks for the follow flak!!! Got your hands on #maxpayne3 yet? Truly amazing game.
be safe traveling to ''the top of the world'' this wknd!!!!
that's a good question. I guess id do her but not date her so not hot enough!!! Next!!! LOL
Brandon Inge hit a grand slam last night? Of course he did
LAST CHANCE TO ENTER: Tell us what movie you want to see for a chance to win 2 FREE tickets!
Newark boy is helping celebrate it's 20th Birthday today
Hello to Joyce and Sara! Thank you!
It's like #christmas in painting class today - just got a new tube of white paint!
Nirvana live from Seattle's Paramount Theater on Halloween night in 1991, on Palladia right now.... Watch music history as it was being made
miss yours too! Happy you remember who I am! & yeaa we do. You have my number hooker ☺
thanks!! now to fill those empty shelves below...
that oddly looks a lot like my apt
Thanks. I'm interested in assessment for sure. Basically looking to think harder/more systematically abt teaching in general
I went into the freaking kitchen for a snack lol. Whoops
Nice Work ! RT : And PBWA gives the the Bryan McIntyre award for a PR staff that consistently goes above and beyond.
Time does fly! cannot believe we were launching Dell's command center a year ago (yesterday)... so much evolution since then!
#thingsigetalot you're fat! Or... * makes fat joke * * looks at me to see if it's okay*
#Lakers lost yesterday was ridiculous! I'm in it for the long haul #LA but almost 30 points?!!?!! C'mon guys!
the east side, around kohls & lowe's.. customers were legit screaming at us. yeah someone hit the tower, we can go with that lol
100 lovely followers! Thank you guys, love you all!!
AY LADIES WE HAVE NEW PURSES IN!!!!
We need to redefine the grid and find a way to extend our reach & engage members of our kehilah kesoshah
tear it up in los angeles for me tonite!
yup the whole city smoked out today!
This Wednesday is our CYR April Happy Hour! Meet fellow liberty lovers on Hubbard from 6-8pm
I'm eating yogurt nearly every day too, lost 10 lbs in the last 30 days. And like the mice, I, too, am feeling shiny.
how about elena (Zeta Jones) from Zorro. Just need a sword, cool period dress, and blow out the hair?
Hey Avril how are u?
I'm so sick of having this life. Just once I wish it were easy and I was good enough.
Snack like a pro with the rich and nutty taste of Heartland Creamery Landmark Aged Goat Gouda $5.49/lb. more than 50% off!
I didn't even know we got a free meal!!! Ahh! Thank you :)
Never thought I would retweet a Rupert Murdoch line.
#LABELLEMAFIA "PUT ON FOR OUR CITY" Concert Series THIS THURSDAY AUG.25th at #ReserveLounge COME OUT & SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL ARTISTS!
RT : "Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing, that we see too late the one that is open."Alexander Graham Bell
hello wht's up how's ur day
we would love to hear what the students are saying!
are we showing any interest in tolbert or bush??
#Realism is the Family of Light!
keep thinking that and yes I would like fries with that
thats 99 less things I gotta worry about...
Brown is not a spring or summer color though! Disappointment!
“Visualize this thing you want. See it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blueprint and begin.” Robert Collier
Fado, heading there now
Have seen or done on of these in a while . Which one should I do . 1D fan video or Justin bieber fan video??? Tweet mee(:
i even made a resume & it still didnt work...
yes tweeps...even though I watched earlier....#H50 is currently on AFNTV Korea now........
A warm welcome to our newest intern Dani, !
thank you for the tip, and for coming last night!
Looking for google site map generator for pinnacle cart. Would be really nice add-on.
wait, more to life than work? huh?
never a problem being good to good people. Be sure to let me know how/if I can help you in the future.
Tonight's agenda: Attend IA/UX meetup, watch LOST, sleep. Hopefully in that order.
Same as***
Apparently, youtube is blocked at the car dealership. :P
stay in it. focus.
Once we have more details on the party we'll let you guys know how much it'll be per person and when/where it is (:
Yes, "tape". We're so old-skool.
The only trend worth mentioning is #RnBThrowBacks. The rest are dumb lol
I wonder if honey cocaines pussy actually tastes like honey..
I saw your tweet about spotting the poster, have you tried the app by any chance?
*Exaggerate and distort* is a good description
don't it taste a little like cough syrup? or (gasp) wine?
being judged on the content of your character doesn't seem to be working out for you.
you better :)
the Knicks and bucks are fighting for that 8 spot
Why would you just want to sit inside and watch TV. You are wasting everyone ones time. Get off you lazy ass!!!!
in downtown applying for jobs and all i see is may day protesters being gay.
lol, well u know..i try jkjk :D
Conda has completely ruined this season of The Biggest Loser.She has a horrible attitude. Shameful.
happy birthday
Jay-Z had 99 problems, now he has a 100.
keep on dreaming, even if it breaks your heart. < 3
Yeah. I'm done. I have nothing. I'm completely empty...
So happy you'll be joining us in Canton!
That Is So Sweet <3
I had too many carbs & now I'm exhausted :/
Statefair= over. Lets celebrate with some deep fried oreos.
Now put Sean Burnett in for the 9th just to rub it in
Interview at 2!
Less than two hours my newest YT vid shall be posted. I started last Friday and is/are finishing on Sunday o.O
Mind in one place, heart in another
I like it: Broncos #nfldraft pick is big tough white dude. Can we call him Derek Wolfe "Blitzer" since he rushes QBs well?!
I think it would make an awesome blog post. Glad so many in #emchat disagree w statement
Good morning Twitter world.. have a great day.
I did... It has me intrigued so I'm def going to watch a couple more episodes at least! Plus it's filmed in my hometown!
I read that MNF gets last choice of games behind the other major networks now.
glad you like the app for , Kevin! We are super excited to release it.
The SEC....the best teams that money can buy!
I forgot that song by Hot Chelle Rae called I Like To Dance. I feel cool cause I haven't heard it in so long. :p
Aint nothin more dope than fried chicken and orange juice in tha morn
We know, we know. "Did I just bring up Nazis at TribeFest waw-waw." at
Got to love In-service day here Looking forward to some presentations here this afternoon with
Thanks for including me :)
There is always more mystery. ~Anais Nin
eyes so mild and wise, don't I know you better than the rest?
OK Bill, here goes, but reluctantly: Go Vikings
Day 1 of Sobertober. Circumvented a caffeine headache by taking 3 ibuprofens. So far, so good.... Ballroom lessons start tonight!
On my way to the WORLD PREMIER of
So awesome to see The Cardinals trending. #STL, my hometown, roll baby roll!
Need to get a stop here.
Happy New Year 2012 from !
thanks girl!
i like the word swimmingly.
woke up at 3am because I was starving.
So is that a good thing or a bad thing? Slows you down or makes you want to read more?
Hugh Laurie has a sense of humor.
Sometimes We Walk Away To See Who Cares Enough To Follow <3 (:
who are you and what did u send to me?
See the brightest lights as we descend into the fires of Wilkes-Barre and dad mentions seeing some sign about a Mohican dog track.
yes, but it doesn't matter because GAY MARRIAGE!!!
What a beautiful night with people people fun people... :)
night night cuz
Kimmie, it was a pleasure serving you your morning coffee, I hope to see you 2morrow, try the drink of the day
Happy New Year everyone!
I stopped for a month. But started again 3 weeks ago. Now I gotta do it again
pfft. I sent it from the gym. And with no wifi. (uphill too ;) )
I want to change the World like Andrew Carnegie or John D. Rockefeller.
Quite accidentally, I've coined a term for type of reading I like to do. Like a chicken. No lexile. No age range. I am a free-range reader.
Not ironic, it's the truth! email me...
Congrats to both of you and thanks for celebrating with us!
Happy mother's day to all mothers especially to
Riding in an elevator with Jeff Francoeur and Billy Butler on Cinco De Mayo. Saturday Night Bucketlist complete.
#ThatOnePersonWho you wish would come back into your life regardless of how they hurt you...
#honorthestripes <---- Dave is a legend! please tell him that from me:D
she ia my little baby
Developing countries are leap frogging PCs straight into mobile devices. They are becoming the next big group to market too
So that wasn't bad for the Oscar night. We all had a great time;D Thanks to all for coming.
Our apologies, We would love your feedback to improve our service. Could you give us a call uptown? 504.897.5535
it's the Bourbon Street steak with real chucks of gutter waste.
What is wrong with me?
would you charge 3.99 for gas and have 2 cars there or 3.69 for gas and have 19 cars waiting there. I am 1 of the 19 cars waiting in line.
in assembly hall just like they did you all. #notworried we win by 15 this time.
for what position tho. Prolly dealer
lol , hey im cool with that . long as we're winning <3 & i did feel a tiny sting , lol .
Okay im getting ready to check my Facebook!!
Your everything I ever wanted. Your still mine, but not for long..
The Bob Dylan tribute show at the Exclusive company was awesome! Everybody there received a bottle of beer containing Bob's cig ashes.
great updates... thanks for keeping me posted :)
In need of a dj ?
“: I hate missing people -.-” lol me too.
Awesome day at work!
its custom, if its just a clip that I already made-- for clipsforsale or something its different. :)
Let me show what your missing
no problem :)
6 miles in 43.02. 43min was goal, so relatively satisfied. 20mph headwind on back half was killer. Shooting for 1:40 Half
Sounds very cool! Tell us how it goes! RT Today's activity in my Secrets class: Mapping Byatt's Possession - the low tech version:
Back in the college town!
yeah i know.
did you pick up your cap n gown yet? My mom wants to no if they give us graduation announcements. Lol
Yeah, Ill pass on that. Same reason I don't date hot girl bartenders. Those relationships are doomed to fail. :(
oh my word no way? what a story.... maybs i don't wanna go anymore 😳
Cooking demo tonight at The Clifton Inn - Turkish food - m - I wonder what Tucker will be cooking up ?
I miss softball already. The game and the girls. Nothing else.
Pick-up Line: Have sex with me and I promise never to talk to you again!
One thing that has translated well from my life as a scientist to my life as a designer is the ability to write clear, specific proposals
Runyon was HOT today folks. Whew!
i feel ya. i'm on it. dm me
I really can't decide on what kind of pointe shoes I want for next year, someone help me 😣
Give your testosterone production a healthy, natural boost with a ZMA supplement taken before bed. Avoid consuming calcium at the same time.
"Let me tell ya the story about the call that changed my destiny" backstreet boys you are always #1 on my list.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth but our nose and ears never stop growing.
Sonic breakfast burrito... Surprisingly good. Phone's autocorrect... Sucks beyond belief.
Columbus friends! Will anyone be around June 8-10? Debating splurging on a ticket for that weekend to visit...
I SAY WE KEEP IN OFFICE CUZ HE A CELEBRITY & AMERICAN PPL ONLY LISTEN 2 CELEBRITIES NOT REGULAR PPL
<3 Woody Allen's latest couple of films. What a dream to be in one!
The rain is nice. But it sure makes for a dreary day.
Advice: find people you want to go into biz with first, then think up idea. Success better, MUCH better if shared w/cool tweeps!
Wow, finally caught up with what happened. Good for you realizing your mistake and trying to right the ship.
RT CEO of Friendship Pub. Charter School Donald Hense: You dont do this alone, I've got a lot of wind beneath my wings.
Thank you! Glad you found it interesting!
Fun time in the studio mixing some vocal tracks and messing around with my synths. Have a great night or day!
We have just opened a new office in Bartlett, TN..who has kept this place a secret !!! No State taxes, low costs, great location
Not asking how to make YOU chant, big fella...
y'all better show out
Thanks for the RTand the follow!
Break up the ! LOl
ED CIO Danny Harris on "Protecting Students From Unauthorized Access" - what do breaches do to the TRUST of the American people?
Electronic dream mood
this crazy idea that we were trying to change them. and can some of you stop calling us whores? you need to fucking learn there are (c)
5 year old at the shop today really wanted to know why the water cooler releases a big air bubble
city son, commmerical:)
RT : If Rick Santorum is the answer, the question must be, "How can America become less educated and more pregnant?"
in 5 days there could be another couple conferences on the list. Never underestimate vindictive Bo
Bay knows how to be moms favorite he promised me he would get edward to be in the movie hes making
I care! An incredible sport, an incredible day! US sports should adopt the promotion/relegation model!
Purposely messing up in "temple run" to get a better look at wtf actually chases u.
That's Volstad's fault, terrible, pointless throw to LaHair. Walk him back, then make throw if necessary - BB
Revo planning meeting tonight at True North bar in North Park. Looking forward to seeing the leadership team.
when is the #brewers #Sox game again?
YOU'VE GOT THIS KEL!! YOU'LL BLOW THEIR SOCKS OFF TMR! :D
I just have to announce to my MANY followers what outstanding, gifted and dedicated people Mattea, Luc and Terri are, I am tres lucky...
Umm I just called sugar snap peas: sweet peas in a cocoon.
bout to go for a walk though, wide awake for no reason. rolling up when i get back, it's only right.
Be careful the environment you choose for it will shape you; be careful the friends you choose 4 you will become like them. W. Clement Stone
Always be proud of any child who succeeds at anything productive, even if its not yours
damn cry baby ass kids
Me & many others... rightfully so don't u think? Ideal and reality is two different thing. We need to be smart.
Art is a way of seeing, of picking out detail, to observe, to experience, and to feel. Nina Wise
Its windy! (:
I think I'm gonna hit the sack. Goodnight.
Taster's Choice
first I've heard of that. thanks for sharing
Bed soon:)
Happy New Year Jacob!
“: Does anybody know what time Duke plays Saturday?”//About Dark-Thirty.
I know! And thanks, lady, for all the help and getting that story into shape.
omg i love those almonds!
Don't feel good today :(
We need to start crock potting ourselves, marinating... #catalyst Dallas
thank you for the follow and welcome to our circle.
There's always a person you don't know but you always make eye contact with whenever you see each other
Get out and enjoy!! RT : Please enjoy today...tomorrow is not looking too good weatherwise
Thanks “: Congrats job well done sir”
When ever i see Austin i swear i'm gonna kiss him YOLO
When ugly girls get preggo you get the same feeling you would when someone you didn't know well but went to school with dies..
Baby can you play the role
I'm reading Carlos Castañeda's books again. I can't understand how Don Juan resisted slapping some sense into Carlos.
What's the weirdest concept you've seen for a production of #RomeoandJuliet? Or any other Shakespeare for that matter.
Jesse Morgan has averaged 9.8 ppg but against teams from Philly, his hometown, he's averaged 14 ppg in six games including today.
Have the Steelers ruled out putting Fergie on the field? She looked pretty terrifying in her robo-gladiator-football getup
Different parts of life hav been so different, I feel like 4 different people by now
The Boy says we're going to a stand-up show tonight- hm what to wear???
Let me log off...
Nothing I hate more than finding a 2 inch folder labeled "Unfiled Miscellaneous"
This is useless garbage. Why are you posting it?
A4: Always build buffer into project quote so you can "magically" fix whatever has gone wrong.
Hello, this is Carson the Butler of Downton Abbey, to whom am I speaking? (Loudly!)
youre the most amazing boyfriend in the whole entire world :)
oh wow!!!! Tht must hurt!
Followers, have a lovely weekend (and don't forget the SPF)!
EW. A bird just shit on my shoulder -_-
Actually Reading a book #SteveHarvey #
It's National Volunteer Week. Tell us how you choose where to volunteer?
What's new? Anything super rock and roll?!
I wish Emily's tweets were not sent to my phone. How did this happen?
ha, barely! Only to jump back in on Monday. Get 'er done! And good luck!
So how do you guys like our Spring issue?
Awesome show last night Pgh! Akron, oh tonight!
You may be 110.7 thousand km away, but you're still in my heart.
AnotheR NYC date just announced>>>>>> May 31 We will be live in hARLEm! See u there!
YOU WILL ALWAYS BE INSURE UNTIL YOU ARE SECURE IN GOD<3
yeah, what a song! Just a perfect little parcel of droney gorgeousness.
Boot! Never wouldve thought of that. I've been doing the waistband tuck - terrified it's going to slip out the bottom of my skirt.
The disappointing moment when the person in front of you at Walmart has all vegetables and you have poptarts, soda, and doritoes.
Very busy weeks to come, I might think about good planning
I know there is ratchetness in Ohio.
“: At work watching our supervisor perform on CBS :) ”>>>Awww YAY! Glad you all caught the show 😁
Saw this story today and thought MM would like this. Looked at the byline and it's you! (p.s. I like hoodies).
I don't know much more yet. I'm still planning it out.
I can hardly wait 4 this book. I'd buy it for the cover alone, but the blurb looks just as good. Looking 4wrd 2 your review.
this shit is too easy - freakin Brady
We have passed all previous referenda under govt. duress. Mostly stupid advice. Reason Ireland is on Titanic path.
I hope he brought u some hands and a shot
We need a volunteer #photographer for a #PR event w/Dell in the #Austin area (Georgetown) on 4/13 at 4pm. DM us if you are interested!
I am! We should catch up, hit me up on gmail or fb and we can coordinate...
No, I just like taking pics of the cats.
Happy to have completed most of run before this morning's deluge.
happy birthday Usher !
I am in the great state of , literally at a festival of beer, The Dubuque On Ice Brewfest.
Pistachios are so good. You can't have just one
Nice, Dragon Dictation works pretty well!
Nice to see some love for DD! She was the top box office draw of the 1960s.
Broke 200k in #templerun #newhighscore how the hell do ppl get in the millions?!!
Tonite MCPl Lac Folmc Fol joint meeting. So Many acronyms to plan for this year of action!
PRO TIP: Trader Joes Spicy Thai Noodle Salad is delicious.
glad you had a great visit :)
she is busy winning lots of money.
something for school
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you got the hold color of the rainbow in your hair!
Did my civic duty and voted!
remember to back them up 1st.
For the best chance at getting coverage, find a similar topic, and call up the same reporter to suggest a follow up story.
I can't believe the day is over already
I hate stupid ass ppl
don't let it kill ya. Lok at it this way: they better be spending theri energy talking about you
My punishment is stay up until you do twice as much you lazy dumb useless shit.
Its snowing. Da heck.
Cold Steel Peace Keeper I Knife San Mai I Steel - knives made in japan
I also enjoy raggae, and country, mostly shania twain. How about you what are some more of your music interests.
new budweiser ad w grumpy man in a bar is direct ripoff of what can't Adam complain about. deserve royalties.
This is like the ALL STAR GAME of
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page. :) If you don't need tell a friend that could.
Making love to the money , I swear the sex greeeeaaatt !
me too, though the worst is "preso" (both pronunciations equally heinous)
Too glorious for words- the weather today- and all the better for the bittersweet knowing it won't be so lovely much longer!
I need to wake up at 6 a.m. tomorrow.
Thanks for the shout out earlier. Hope to see you on the golf course soon.
my legs would fall of after like 2 yards
Happy Birthday, ! Have a wonderful day!
I know!! UCP has a more organized (& antiseptic) storage for ms. I haven't found quite as much vibe for photos here yet. Looking!
hey ninja what's poppin❔❔❕❔❕❔
Wordlovers, what word would you want to delete from the English language? Words Came In, Marked for Death… via
My gun ah go gunshot .
Canadian Slam Baby!
Let's make it happen....but after next week!
sorry i didnt answer.. gotta keep my line clear in case jades school calls.
go look at the video
I give up on gradient nails.
I just posted short piece on How to Prepare the Message You Want to Communicate Around Change. I'd like to hear your reaction, additions, e…
Motherfuggin bitches are lurkin. On a happier though-WE BETTER FUCKING NOT HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW!!!!!.
. QUITTERS always prosper!!!!! At least we think so.
I try and try but you never come back...!
The backs of the Brewers' jerseys look like they were designed by the Microsoft Office paper clip.
Attending The American Legion Department of Indiana Spring Conference's general session.
Love me some sutton
Check your email when you get back. Apologies.
And thanks to for giving us all a voice and sharing Philly's treasures with the world! Happy New Year friends!
watching PR videos on youtube!!
Making butter grill chicken wit spinach w/ cheese n ranch dressing wit garlic bread on the side
I don't WISH he were dead...I just wouldn't miss him if he were...
Keeping the sticker on the ballcap is like keeping the plastic on the couch
& I are trying to sound like Scooby Doo On The Telephone
Great Wolf Cub Scout den meeting tonight. Boys learned fire safety & roasted marshmallows. A beautiful evening!
Will filming of "Mall Cops" be taking place tomorrow for One Direction's signing? ;)
Happy Birthday Torrey! Hope its a good one!
"We need libraries now because we're in a complex information environment" -ALA President Roberta Stevens.
Rainy Saturdays
just did! let us know when you'll be around. we can make something work for sure!
“: Getting ready to see at salon!! Ready for a change!”Whoo hoo!! See u soon!!!!
penelope cruz
I want to love again, but I'm just too insecure.
Oh, also, I know it's only May, but this year I'm dressing as Hel for Halloween. No one liked my sexy neon costume last year, but
its totally worth it if you wanna waste time like me
Follow back :D
Gomez rips a single to left to get things started.
One of my favorite things about #waal2012: hearing library issues presented in a Wisconsin accent. It makes my ears happy.
Either you can whine or you can climb- I choose the later.
oh haha well, I'm going to bed anyways:) byye
Wow, the drama at Dionysus is intense. Years and screaming and it's not even 8pm!
Does anyone have my diamond player sweater. This girl wants to buy it for 40 dollars. Ah I need to find it
I can't believe that just happened....
. This one is for you. Best luck tonight. You shouldn't need it though as you deserve to win!
Yeah, I have a friend that failed it twice in one day lol. And my parents refuse to give me rides to classes or let me ride a bus
Really tempted to read Bill Clinton's book after his interview with Jon Stewart. He sounds like he has some idea how to get out of the mess
oh that sounds lovely. i may be in synagogue of all places (?) but i think it could work. i haven't been in so long!
Who's out there enjoying this beautiful weather?
give & co. my best regards, as well :) i hope to share out more work soon re: cave research done to prep for a field trip
ok first question who was the first guy too submit vitor belfort by submission?
Brads in Flagstaff... And I miss him more than ever...
yo chick she so thirsty.
We can discuss this topic on any day of the year & you choose Mother's Day. I don't support this discussion today.
that looks amazing!
“: #shoutout Dope Person Go Follow em yall!”and she appreciates tha love thank u
So we hope to see you there TONIGHT for Whiskey's Chicks First F#%$ Valentines Day Party!
And I know there are people in my life who call themselves my friend that wish failure upon me. Keep on wishing. I'm coming out on top
Hope everyone has a Happy Easter, and we look forward to seeing everyone at next Friday's Open House Party!
hey Peru Loves 1D!!!!
Hanging with with the BFFs from ASCEND
If you have kids, you should watch this video clip: www.cdc.gov/CDCTV/MixingTamiflu
the fact that this website isn't letting me buy my VIP tickets for HCR is depressing me, I'm legit about to cry
Essay writing mode!
Even in your darkest moments, if you look up - you will see the LIGHT.
The heart of a Business Plan is to identify challenges and to come up with creative potential solutions. In life it is rarely smooth sailing
If you keep yourself open to the energies swirling around you, you will always be reminded of life's beauty. Be open with ALL that exists.
what if we accompany it with an attempt at a fist bump?
Well never be the same because I broke our promise..
no doubt, but this was also important for the oscars to clean up their image imho
HANNAH'S HOUSE!!❤
Hey I am a huge fan of u. It would mean the world if you followed me back. :-)
I bought the cutest tank for the beach Sunday ;)
Im probs guna call u at like 1. just in case u were wondering
Smfh at the thunder right now.
Realized today that the "send all calls straight to voicemail" button on my work phone had been pressed. :(
Hate the non prescription glasses look! Never understood it lol
Mrs. Metcalf just plucked me big time
Our 20 month old has decided naps are no longer to his liking. Instead, says "Uh oh" over and over while playing in crib.
To all of those going to the #FancyFoodShow.... What days are you planning on going???
I'm sorry.... I only like the nice dinosaurs... Not the scary ones :/
You'll do great. :)
Wondering how many kids are watching #Glee and wondering what this song is...
. The one I was looking at today said "Serving Middleboro since 1852." Doesn't every state in the union have a Middleboro?
diaper: a euphemism for creativity
Are dogs allowed on the patio?
Just shut up
PK fans cut cake, threw papers on screen, screamed, hooted and whistled in theaters for GS. No one dares stop us.
the second question is the hard one to answer. Assuming it was 95%+ equity, then makes me wonder what FB is really worth...
The Picasso exhibit at the Seattle Art Museum is rad!
IUSUW is planning to volunteer at the Salvation Army's Thanksgiving dinner this Saturday! Stay tuned for details!!
We are okay--I'll let you know if things get worse. (I've decided not to get on the ladder in a hurricane). Thanks for the offer!
Start posting the pics and I will be back later! The one with the most likes wins the SWAG Packet!
I paid to much,You niggas play to much
first SeamlessWeb experience: fairly seamless. hardest part was remembering its brand name means "a way to get food" not "a design blog"
Thanks much for the RT!
hello great work
why so we engage with this clown theron? I just hate people spewing misinformation and racebaiting. How are you today in AA?
We're all about the freshly made dough, for sure. But hey, even if you don't with a pizza we got some pretty sweet promos! :-)
I always want to make the Skyline Chili dip on the back of the box but then soon realize that I'm way too lazy for that.. "MOM!"
I have noting to do! I would love to sleep but I dont want to! Ah!
life would suck wit out music
Useful shortcuts using the Windows key ... - CNET Australia
Sure, come give me a new hot plate at 8 45 AM. I'm ready.
that's how I feel about nincompoop
That sounds awesome, gotta tell my friends to check that out!
that's so many! We are out of control!!
I love getting flashbacks of some of the best moments ever and then wish I could do them all over again.
me too
But we arent talkg about priv. healthcare. the gov currently pays for these pop. - so, how does THIS reform CHANGE anything?
The life of a go getta!!!
I love the pictures. Keep sendin' em! I think we can all use some blue sky and water . . . and beaches!
I'm feeling a little off today. Would you like to turn me on?
THE WAY U ACTIN
Even an xs is too big for me, what the hell.
De-bloating my … thank the maker for the "edit all pages/bookmarks" … makes the task decidedly less tedious.
U kno Craig got fired 2 day rite..?Nigga we got high ....nigga we got fuckeddd up in voice lol
Hope u have fun
saving money for CATurday tomorrow.
more athletic
MT Beautiful Day<<I agree I plan on getting a sunburn!
would've said hi if I saw them. SO SORRY! Hate when that happens, texting is like that to. Don't always get them or see them
is it life imitating art perhaps the conversation labor day is interesting The Alexandra Theater San Francisco District
I guess died.le sigh~
please follow :)
#UnderTheMistletoe haha. is it weird that I sing Christmas songs in the summer?
you don't even know how much poor grammar bothers me!
i think he is a very important component although it may not seem like it.
Ok now that I reached 30 followers I'll reveal my secret I think is really beautiful
Go Lakers! Make me proud!
Cut Asik tonight.
Join us and for #SpeakUpforKids Tweetchat TONIGHT 5/8 at 7PM ET: Parenting in the digital age. Ask q's at
seeing woman naked period!!!
HEY - I just got 3 pairs of pants and a pair of shorts (a day late) and they're all too small! Can I exchange these in NY??
Start trending #BVBForSuperBowl or I will come and kill u! Haha just playing or am I??
"I wish they weren't called the 'bush tax cuts'". -GW Bush. real quote
you are attractive and pretty, and plus everyone is beautiful in there own way
Emergency evacuation! Man, I feel sorry for the guy takin a shit...
happy thanksgiving Julia
Just when you think your kid is all grown up, they get hurt and you realize they will always be your little kid no matter how old.
Stop by for lunch today - RT : Lunch today 11 am - 2 pm. Come by and see us!
I don't even have a penis and that thought hurts.
I'm going to treat her to something nice.
my mom asked me why I don't invite boys over and i had to tell her that it's because I don't know any 😒
Don`t be confused, I am still the same person, I just change subjects once in a while, wonder what I`ll do next...
Q1 What are affirmations? Explain.
Guys that know FYI grow your hair out!
I think we're going to try to have her own the fast version. Do you want to own the slower version? Like a Side A/Side B thing
whats up in Tanzania?
This ole PROJECT HOE!!!!
hahaha - she does have that 'why is a marching band following me' look on her face :)
": are you ?" Yeah home cooling
Extra innings! Campbell retires three straight batters to keep USA alive in the game. Tied 2-2 at the top of the eighth.
that would probably be a good idea:p I hear they're selling fast :o
I'd travel to Orlando! From Kentucky to Wisconsin is a pretty long drive, too!
If you have questions about our products or would like us to suggest an item, call us NOW > 1.877.737.5578
your lucky!! how is it going to be in BOP magazine?
agreed Vegas never ceases to amaze me which is why I enjoy visiting for unconventional reasons.
Good day at work, now to go home to my awesome family and then play some basketball! :)
Can I Pretty Please Get A Tweet Or Follow? I Love You And It Would Literally Mean The World To Me! (:
#DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER can I get an on air shoutout?? #chicago gets down with the Dog!!
Congrats to Always working.
Give this status a LIKE if you're a Milwaukee Brewers fan...cause we have something special coming up if we see some true Brewers love!
Damn when I get a ticket :/ tf
Not shitting you... I own a 35 year old saddle that's been rode hard and it looks better than her.
btw- see you in a few weeks. I got the travel grant for the aamc conference!
#ufinterface bots probably picked up your other hashtag 'cause it started with a well-known abbreviation for funking flying things.
its a great song
Crab Salad= Best Lunch Ever!
I guess im staying home this #halloween =/
Happy Birthday!!!
play offs Saturday
Good morning! I'm excited to meet with a new #amediting client today and getting very close to finishing a year-long project.
Baseball tweet: Can Roenicke please move Rickie to 6 and move Lucroy up to the 2-hole?
Happy to meet new #health and #food #followers Wellness Portal aka
Life is without liberty if only some are free.
Hey let's meet for real at some point today...
Rachel: hopefully everything turns out ok for you and your child. Hope it's not appendicitis. Wishing you all the best.
NPR just referred to the debates around electoral college reform as "nerdy rancor." new. favorite. phrase.
Good News in Downtown Seattle: Residential population is climbing, occupancy rates are up, and number of restaurants and bars has increased.
Our new album #Medusa should get a review by
#celticschat Rondo. Already has 4 assists
My high school sweetheart (whom I coincidentally almost married in 2008) and I talk every single day. If you love someone, keep them around.
we have custom printed tees I talking about hand drawn custom vehicles you want your custom chopper we can do it
thank you for hosting your #languedoc class with us!
who wanted the details on the used GT-541? please direct message me.
"I know him, and he does." "Well, you're my fact-checking otolaryngologist."
Fr. CV: "No academic speaking engagements or academic conference invitations will be accepted after 3/15/2011 & through the end of 2012."
Freddie got a job! :)
You can call me Bob Carter.
Book #VIP sections EARLY to save! Text 414.335.9569. Reserving in advance means we add FREE COVER & LINE SKIP for everyone in your group*!
ohh haha I remember that. Ya she was more clueless than me clearly
My computer is ready to die. This is not helping my stress level.
she is so nice and any news
good night sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite if they do throw their shoe haha idkk I made the ending up <3
Count down!!! 2 days til HOLIDAY IN MOTION!!! CALL THE STUDIO IF YOU NEED ANY INFO (305)751.2229
Come kiss me then!!!
Thanks to you as well!
We were born in this specific time purposely! We r the chosen people called 2 bring God's LOVE 2 the Hurt, Lost, Dying, Rejected-The WORLD!
That was then, and this is now, not looking back.
THANKS Ande, for the RT and read. You, my dear, are a class act!
Pray for she's depressed
My mom is better than yours
Awesome. Downloading right now for my late May trip!
yes bro thanks gonna make something nasty with em
Going to take a shower. Then maybe get on here. Then play the wii. Hopefully. idk. I'm hungry. D: Brb.
Avery was AMAZING in her play tonight!! Brava, Ave!!
In honor of Veterans Day the featured sites are Vietnam Veterans Memorials in NYC (Lower Man app) and New Haven
Any recommendation for a good documentary? I like
And you didn't take any pictures, because? ;)
wow, mad late on that too.
Or is it just coincidence there are no dogs in Julia's lifeline? RT Thank you, #Julia, for ending all those dogmeat jokes.
whos going to the show tomorrow in scottsdale?
Ryan Hollins on receiving end of another Rondo alley-oop. Rondo has 7 assists with 6:08 to go ... in the second quarter.
It's really about time my iPhone learn the word "BTDubs"
Kids Sleep Tip ~ Try to go to bed the same time every night. Your body gets used to a schedule and will be ready for sleep.
well baron davis career over smh
Susan Cadley, Coach 4ur Soul, we've been out of touch too long. I thought maybe you took a Soul Vacation...deep down there for awhile. :)
anytime bro!! Just been waiting on you!!
yea....I've attempted to check for grey hairs ....ha.
ok all you gotta do is DM it to us and we will take care of the rest:)
dear church of the friendly ghost, thanks for continuing the rad!
We're at the Lucky Lab NW setting up for Reach the Beach Pickup, today 2-4. Swing by for the easiest check in, ask questions, review routes.
How are you today ?? I'm fine ♥
I like it.....RT : Learned a new term to describe the spread of overloaded networks & dropped calls: MOBILE WARMING.
we are all connected and ready to go coming up on ESPN 1500 in about 15-20 minutes we will bring you #UHsb vs.
Why did I put the dishwasher on right before I went to bed?
People can still be bought though, just these days they might be aware of it. Evol.
you guys r just playing right?
i'll coach you through it if you need it nothing worst then messing up fry chicken LOL
LOVE this - thanks! The museum I work at has an exhibit about Astrid Lindgren and her characters (esp. Pippi) right now. :)
Sneezing right after you've put on your mascara. -_- <<<<<
ArrayFire Deploy licenses are much different pricing scheme. Call us to get that: 800-570-1941 x1
Congrats on the move! Sounds like great things are afoot
Forever wishing I was skinny and perf
Excited to teach Community Bodywork and Herbal Stress Relief to fellow volunteers tomorrow.
Hey This new layout is less than stellar and is brutal to navigate.
no i live in a small town joined te mil early have a fam now a cop. theydepend on me so i can leave to pursuey dream
We work for some of your hosts so be sure to blow us up!
or larry bird gets in blazers uniform and comes and shoots for us!! Bet he can out shoot most of these blazers at his age
omg im not crying lmao!!! she was messing with ppl
um me me i do
what a great semester that was...
Black people freaking out behind us in the suspense movie >>>
My time is Now
Hope they loved the cupcakes! Thanks for thinking of us!
Today was eventful! Hitting the studio later for a likely all night session but it's what ya gotta do da be great!!
Pinterest driving sales in the home goods sector (cc: et al)
Thanks for the #FF Happy Friday!
Growing up, I dreamed of becoming a meteorologist. Now, I've got 3 weather apps on my phone. Living the dream, people.
Who are Steelers fans going to blame for losses now that William Gay is a Cardinal?
It is extremely cool, but it's not my thing. I would rather be the voyeur vs. the exhibitionist. Thanks for thinking of me.
Road to Better Health.A basic understanding of Electrolytes and Water(macronutrients Flora)
Wisin y yandel ft jlo follow the leader. I love it.
to hangout since he home AFTER this nigga don sexed up trampy girls lol -__-
please don't blow my high, when I'm smoking that purple rain
Your White and Nerdy.. :*
A county catalog of available open data? One link, or one page? (More later.)
Lobby for faculty so you are viewed as a partner.
Of course I jump in the only cab driven by a sweet old lady. She'll get me to my destination sometime tomorrow.
kind of a ho-hum episode of #MadMen last night, if you ask me.
I'm sick af on my way to work. Ugh!
my room feels like the freaking frozen tundra
Haha Hell yea!! Pussy
What time is the voice on?
On a side not, don't set auto connect and rejoiners on your phone's IRC.
Yeah I'm going to doubt that was meant for me haha.....this is the bored weekend right that you were talking about this week?
Def not a Bieber fan but the song "boyfriend" has a bangin beat! #mentakesomefuckinnotes!
Not sure how to spend your weekend--stop by for #brunch on Saturday or Sunday from 11:00-2:30! Menu is to die for!
Still representing Los Raiders!
Hi kim
JHU Students back on campus from Spring Break. Team Meeting tonight: SPRING KINGS DRAFT. Practice starts Wed am.
I take one day off to spend some time with my son (he discovered MineCraft) and Facebook buys Instagram! WTH?
what kind of hotel are you staying at hahaha
Been awhile, its been really busy for us lately. Writing for the game is almost finished,
I fully Agree. The Party of NO Obstructed EVERYTHING so they could blame the President for failure but WE KNOW it's THEIR fault!!
sounds like you have a tweeting toddler on your hands! as long as he re-tweets - we approve! :)
Looking forward to a visit from sister in law Linda next week!
Yay we just got 3 more phones
As always, thank you to for the RT and friendship! We appreciate you, Scott!
thats got to be cool. next braun and the rest will go 0 fer
on my way to school :3
thanks love you to 💋
That was John Lennon. I could be the walrus ;-) RT : "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans."
Lol but who is : my people chilled with ur people haha RT : It was fun kickin it...
what seat number and row are you
One big room, full of bad bitches.
We are excited to see the new PayPal Here App and features. It's about time!!! Square put some fire under Paypal's ass...
That's weird, but good catch! Thank u for letting us know. We have informed the appropriate team. Enjoy the rest of ur stay! ;)
To Hungry Fa Da Top
How much do I owe this doctor? Actually, no amount of money could ever fully show my appreciation for that recommendation.
it was great to meet you yesterday. I want to see Sister Act and I want you to see Lion King.
Wishing I was at #SMX in #Seattle! Looking forward to all the tweets about it though :)
NTS: Read a tweet before you send it out. Library followers must think you have no grammar skills.
Soo I'm playing bass on Wednesday...this is going to be interesting
to its done homie I Snapped onthat shit doggy doggy!! When you wanna link up so I can show you thy ish before recording??
You coming round my neck of the woods today?
Still in Florida, still gettin hammered. I've always been one for using my time wisely
Actually yes, if all goes as planned I should be in Chicago by June. Moving to reduce my cross country travel.
Watching the playoffs: The #Kings are just dominating the #Coyotes. Aside from one flub by Quick, this game really isn't close.
#NowPlaying Just A Friend -
quality control reasons. But stay tuned. OBP Is going to open a brewery in Orlando soon!
Hail storm in Miami!! Damn what the hell?!
taking my love for granted babe,
Guest what!!!! Wednesday Night at the Q is the new home of comedy, with the best comedians in town! Every Wednesday night from 7-8pm!
don't say that!
couldnt said it better u knw it about to get hot lmao day wnt to show der chest off
Currently watching 's podcast, pretty fucking interesting, good shit.
“Do it big, do it right & do it with style”…But most of all DO IT NOW! *Audition for the 2011 NJ SKY DANCERS!!
This is my head on too little sleep and too much stress.
Got to just love power outages, COME ON NOW! I need to work dammit...
Tebow gets in the Field. Rushes for 12 yards first down at Broncos 43.
That moment when you just want to beat the shit outta somebody, but you notice there are cameras everywhere. Smh
And there's the No-No for Weaver.
Hey thanks for following!
then tell your dad to buy them....secretly (;
in Yuma is out of lettuce. This is one of the largest lettuce exporters in America?!
followed your turn :)
Ugh. It's as if is reveling in high emissions, asking readers to brag about (undoubtedly aviation-powered) journeys
let me know when there is an #nyc46 event..i'll attend :)
I would suggest Beach Cafe or Beachhouse Bar & Grill in Kirkland that's pretty fun.
Uh, did anyone else feel that?
Push on! the light is there - its a little Railroad lantern, but its there! You'll reach it. Great job on synopsis!
his best song. (and underrated)
I spent several hours today trying to digest all that you've written on custom post types. Head spinning - but good stuff man!
I'm about to go HAM. Hats And Mittens, let this weather know who I am!
When my mom walks in on me shitting my pants laughing at Rob Dyrdek's Fantasy Factory >
And people wonder why i have no desire to visit the NE corridor
Jessica Sanchez is killing the show on american idol!
The goal is not to assign blame, but to glean any learning that will help me handle it better next time. Tenzing Norbu
HAPPY FRIDAY I HOPE ALL IS WELL.
Flying to CA to finish the FIRST LZ EP with Mr. Jacques on Wednesday.
Planning on it. After my last appt, gotta get home and throw the kids in the tub and have dinner with the fam. Might be late.
UT's strategy of giving the ags hopes before crushing them is working to perfection. 10-0 atm at the end of the first.
They are still excellent. If that wasn't the best they can be, I am afraid the try the awesomeness of your baked good perfection
thanks & have a super day!
Gamel done. Braun hurt. I hope you guys are positive tomorrow or I may have to start watching soccer.
They say I'm this, and they say I'm that, They won't give me a chance no, but I do what I want, I'ma grown ass man, giving all that I can
Women nictitate (blink) twice as much as men
im ready for shit to go down, going to a big university has trained me well haha. Night puto (bitch in espanol mofo)
Researcher Misinterprets Oracle Advisory, Discloses Unpatched Database Vulnerability
"BERTHA ROCHESTER: I'm going to rip your throat out with my teeth. Let me out of this goddamn attic!"
it sucks when you fell in something for the first time but u just can let it get to you.
Correction: Our bake sale is on March 7th. Sorry for the confusion. Hope y'all can still make it!!
What's ONE thing you did for yourself this weekend?
I'm at Buckeye Beer Engine (15315 Madison Ave., at Arthur Ave., Lakewood) [pic]: buckeye red head!
i just had pizza and now i want more! haha
“: Spring Looks Bright: Pending Home Sales Solidly Higher Than Last Year”
Lol I didn't notice I eat it Cuz I had my finger in my mouth lol
Thank you;)
On the whole, 2011 has not been a good year for the global economy.
#heatfromthestreet is on NOW
I greatly enjoyed it. let me know what you think!
Awesome news! Congrats to your daughter.
Divorce Drama Reveals Phil Ivey made $920,000 a Month from Tiltware!
Tell her I been looking for her in a broad day
shoot first & ask questions last
I'll try!
Oatmeal with dried sour cherries and almond milk. When did I turn vegan?
Inflight SEA to San Diego for #VES12 with the #Social27 team. on the flight as well. Here we come
girls talkin bout???
or u could bring over ur COD and cal it even on the present. Lol I'm already getting the second filled so I got u next week btw
User-generated content is the new frontier. Harness that content!
National Cheez Day! (December 1st) Every 1 has 2 do at least 5 things related to cheese! (punch buggy green! :P) LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love your tumblrr!
Wish I had someone to run with in the mornings. It would make getting outta bed easier!!
who's that?
dope avi baby
nice! I didn't go to neither of those listed though.. lol
Can't wait to hear how you like them! So far, veggie dogs make me sad. Hoping dogs will be yummy as their sausages!
its very small (the kindle version on my phone)...but now I always have a copy of PA with me
better win rookie of the year, cause I just voted a lot and almost froze my phone lol ;p
Just read about #Burgerville in They say they are the best #burgers in America!
Excited to see what Aaron Corp has left for the Bills, not very productive throughout his college career but was hampered with injuries
oh dear lord.
lol! Poor thing fell outta the nest couldnt let him suffer & die
I agree
There sure are a lot of spammer tweets coming in today for some reason????
I gotta pay the MTA to rob me again today, can I come after work?
you're a wiener
These high schoolers are totally immature! Then again, it is after prom for them. Whatever. Learn so manners!
"Tell your Veronica its time to celebrate Hanukkah!" -Adam Sandler "Hanukkah Song"
Deb Fischer backs term limits (won't serve more than 2 terms), wants to repeal No Child Left Behind, and ban lawmakers-turned-lobbyists.
Hey, do you not recognize me, or r we not speaking?
Eating crackers and staring at dinosaur bones. Best reception i have ever been to. Thanks, NEA!
#Karfreitag ... so let's dance. ;)
Filled with nerdy giddiness as I prepare to order a coil-binding machine to bind my own scores. Teehee!
I definitely feel more people love #Olitz even tho he's technically married, lol
Sitting in our newly constructed out door kitchen, taking a break from tile installation and having a micro brew.
yes absolutely!
Listening to the "Someday I Suppose"
Thanks to everyone that made it out to The Austin Bodyworker Clinical Massage Therapy and made it a great evening.
Happy Thursday Everyone!!
Seeking a Licensed Masters Social Worker #LMSW in Austin. Please inquire at
i wanna dance with somebody
": It's a Trap and tonight!"
Go Trio gig @ Deer Head last nite was abso killin' w/Jeanne Brooks.
It's a win for the west in this years East West shrine allstar football game.
smoothie morning then vocal lessons and studio... happy Friday everyone!
- thanks for sharing our blog post, hope you found it insightful!
This past week has been absolutely crazy
u need to take Amie out in NY for craziness
YES! Hmu if anything we can do! Can't wait! Love U miss U
thanks for following!
I know it will be, it's just getting the time. I'm so focused on reading about casinos for my thesis right now lol
everybody please follow my babe she new to this shit
Both the Senate and Assembly versions of the #FamilyCare cap bills are on the proposed Assembly calendar for Tuesday, March 6.
firing up the ol' ice cream maker for a little lemon/mint/berry medley action! will report back with results. -lisa
ahahaha come give me hug lmfao
After a night of fighting, crying, running mascara, and the realization of everything at once I still manage to get up,smile,and act okay
hybrid theory is still one of my favorite albums.
Nor I Dave...
a Matthew PERRY sitcom. MATTHEW PERRY. I weep.
This actress needs a theatrical agent. Referrals? Ideas? Send em my way!
Seattle PD kept the mounted unit partly for riots. The large animals tend to have a calming effect Source pending.
Mt. Hood Meadows was pretty sweet today!! Good snow but crazy cold 18 is cold!!
Working late sux.
I doubt it. Lol
man. really back in the Omnifocus, GTD workflow, and super pumped about my productivity the past few days.
Worst call ever!!!!
Oh noes! Finnish-speaking points out that "Pilkunnussija" just means "nitpicker", not quite "comma fucker".
I wish!!
I have noticed that "probably good enough" is seldom good enough.
I've lived by an ezelles chicken (Oprah's favorite) for 6+ years. Passed it more times than I can count. Yet I've never eaten there.
Stereo Vision&#39;s REZN8 Slam Dunks Fox Sports NBA Deal
Look forward to seeing you there Its going to be a powerful event for #Miami cc.
it's okay
I think I could listen to Ted Olson talk all day.
SHIRT OFF
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
#nowfollowing I have nothing but the utmost respect for you as a player and a man-Good job on ESPN today bro!
They're the owners of #WindowNation - The Magden brothers. RT WindowNationOH Who are the guys in that picture?
Awesome! Didn't know about Animal Collective and Best Coast! Will have to look up the others
The lottery was last week and i still cant believe i didnt win
Newt took debate by storm last night. Romney looking very insipid. Santorum for VP. Paul = insane foreign policy.
Read & RT articles: young white voters were key in Obama '08 win & voters in key OH counties are against a black #POTUS--cont'd..
sure did. It was amaaazinggg! 😊
Yesterday was all cloudy with rain now today is clear skies and a cool breeze! ☀😃💜👍
Can someone give me an update on what's going on in Belmont *looks over at *
Will be in Scottsdale/Phoenix this weekend. Have to pack a bunch of t-shirts and shorts, looks like!
yes yes yes let me know... I'm there <3
One teacher at #cercll2011 shares her trick for getting English learners to sing: she does it too, "even though I'm a terrible singer!"
Great to catch you guys at the Academy of Music. Even better to hear a Wagner shoutout!
listening on Iheartradio in Cali... Keep bringing it!!!
seems like it, huh!? what's next?
Life is the flower for which love is the honey. - Victor Hugo
Thanks I hit the milestone lmaoo appreciate ya though we gotta do ny after work again soon
What I am looking for is not out there, but in me. -Helen Keller
We kill you ants with a sledgehammer
Do ahead Christmas Party Plan don't fail me now! I have t minus 19 hours until its ON...
The 5-10 yr vision for eLearning hardware is mobile & smartphones. Tablets and other innovative products will be game changers.
“I often wonder whether men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then.” Kate Hepburn
This #ShoBox is bizarre. What's up with the ring card girls? Villanueva looked sharp
"I need to write you a receipt that says I owe you dick." #alright #overheard #ohreallynow?
San Antonio reclaimed the top listener spot on Rhythm & Jazz Radio Wednesday but LA, Seattle, Philly, and DC are so close behind!
I support moving the convention. And this isn't a "fuck the south" thing. I'm a southerner myself.
So ive decided to get my sleeves this weekend
It does not matter what others think of you by saying it, tell those around you that you love them every time you part ways.♥
Most boys think wit their diccs and not there brain!!
I dream big.
$ Cheap Cheap Mitsubishi XD450U projector lamp replacement ...
Check Facebook
Does this mean you're in town? :)
The Wrinklies are on a plane back home. We had a good visit. I must say, watching your parents age (if you're that lucky) is no fun.
Car service: If it ain't broke, we'll break it.
Damn Laker's you got knocked the ???? Out.....
where ya watching tonite?
“Ordinary riches can be stolen, real riches cannot. In your soul are precious things that cannot be taken...” Oscar Wilde
Oz: "Guys take a moment to deal with this: - we survived."
no not this year. Are U?
LUNAR ECLIPSE TONIGHT.THE FIRST IN 500 YEARS.THE MOON IS GOIN TO BE A VIOLENT RED IN COLOR..CHECK IT OUT!
I've also definitely heard the "British" lines from American-trained faculty.
You're not my type, but I kinda like that idea. Because "my type" usually breaks my heart (:
shut up... because mommy said she's trying to
humm.. i think imma message a music producer tht follows me 2 check u out.. can i??
Oh don't worry, I'll probably be begging people to read and watch my stories ;) I'll be in touch!
Hi Ari :) what are you going to do?? :D
Great hearing from yesterday at The Crossing Church on #immigration...definitely worth listening to
I don't know what to do ...?
Woot! brings a live film crew, , to cover #SoMeAwards !!
RT : RT : Ignorance is bliss. Just ask the Tea Party.
tell me about it...took 4.5 hours to get home from work. It's Friday dammit!
You can't hope to be well rounded if you hang around the same types of people. IJS
This is hella true!!!
I base how I tip not just merely on what the total $ was. There are many variables for me. Ya gotta earn it!
plz follow me fellow tweeters lol
You never texted me back.... Haha did you leave yet? Your hair looks nice. :P
Listening to Mohsen Alvi talking about PBL in Math.
We ran for our lives for like 3-4 blocks straight :O
Marching Band
My friends, never go to a book store with and They will pimp out all the books on you.
It's cold and wet out there! Dry off with breakfast at the Bakehouse! You know you deserve it. Hope to see you here.
of course!!
Loved "Big Fish." RT : his best film is always going to be Batman and Batman Returns!
has a new design! Go check it out!
Thanks for a fun read n handy tips tonite- it was awesome meeting you! And no, no need to reply :) Keep kickin **s!
how depressing D:
Don't say you miss me, when it's your fault I'm gone.
Every extra watt costs about $0.25 / month if left on full time in California. One 60W lightbulb = $15 / month.
..no one's listening, or cares..I do, as I'm sure others do..YOUR THOUGHTS, YOU..MATTER, capisci?
You just made me go to the pantry, extract the Nutella, and I'm now licking it off a big silver spoon while writing. Bliss.
God, for some reason, singing that song made 17 y.o. Clint feel so badass!
at least your bullshitting i'm just shittin D=
How did you know EXACTLY what song I was listening to?
lol!! Yeah well everyday is your birthday!! (: becuz you always born to someday! Everyday they found about u! (:
you down? james said he might be able to make it but not sure. either way, im going dolo
Really Red Sox?!?! What are you doing? This is what I call an inning malfunction! Every player sh-- the bed. Every damn one!
Note about the Live Video & Audio for today's game (4 pm): Both feeds must be opened at same time to watch & listen.
in a couple of months. I know, the weather is awesome today!
you bite your tongue chase buddies is illy
like school i want a job and some money
The 14 hour drive begins... see ya in the morning Hilton Head
That sounds like the coolest thing ever. Being an adult is so lame.
Watching the parade while I'm on the treadmill this year.
thanks for retweet. Need to get the word out widely!
She said she only fucked about 4 or 5 niggas so you know you gotta multiply by 3 ..
I had braces too. I didn't like them.
First night out in Florence This still is not real life
I'm giving up on gmail and going back to mail.app. I'm curious if you have tried or have thoughts about sparrow vs mail.app
I'll let you know
So if Davis came in for Johnson. Johnson moves to DH. Johnson can come back to close if we get a lead??
Eahhhh...Sunday morining is a wonderfull time of my life
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
a girl after my own heart. Maybe soon to Boston.... www.eggfast.com
Love T&W oyster bar. Off the beaten path
Sitting by the water at night always reminds me that there's so much more out there, and that I want to be a part of it.
No, that was some drunk tweeting.
get me a glass of milk and I'll dive right in.
Gretchen Wagner of : Risks are inherent in any approach to #fairuse. This includes setting up licensing or doing nothing at all
Occupy saved lives-called 911 for seizures, asthma, heart problems, diabetes & other med emergencies. Wouldn't happen if alone in the parks
That awkward moment when your neighbor is mowing his lawn with a motorcycle helmet on… LLN.
No problem; you know we never talk anymore
Yes we recently hit the liquor store...wait for it...wait for it...Schwartzhog!!!!!! Ever tried it? just like jager but not.
Domingo Quinones this Thursday at the Conga Room. Call, email or text to receive $5.00 coupon or use code "LATIN" at www.congaroom.com
I've been browsing different MeetUp groups and have been practicing my networking skills. I've met some people who have been great!
slower than a turtle, wow! :p
happy birthday!
Chele is a genius.
Damn I have a week to learn my verse n three more before Saturdays show!!!!!! Eff it let's make it HAPPENED!!!
#goodday trend continues.
I'm still at work, trying to answer my mail. Twitter doesn t let me answer to jenn unless she follows me. m
weren't Jared Jeffries and Eric Gordon early departures? Have IU fans shunned them?
“: happy birthday :)” hey thanks very much ;)
What's the use of worrying? What's the use of hurrying?
Mean either. ;P
good moves to approach I am not blaming you for the suit or ownership just feel it is should manage brands
Fallin in love is so hard on the knees
that was a "no no no YES" shot by Mike Conley.
no, would have loved to see KC have it's first one-club player. Then again, few ppl know the $ side of the trade...
Come on over for a free afternoon cappuccino!
#GOP says new attack ads about #medicare vote is a new low. GOP throwing granny off a cliff. They have taught us well.
thats what i have it as u dummy
Music is the soul of everything.theres a song for every feeling and a beat for every dance. A hot 16 could change the way u look at things !
@ mascher: Walked away... Just gagged
Need Outfitting for #OKCADDY2012? Decimate the Red Carpet in Terani Couture or Call BodyTrends BoutiQue at 608-4477
Very sad. So sorry.
how do you say that in spanish?
tell me wat u think once u listen to it ..
Obama admin will permit Ariz’s cut to 250,000 poor adults from Medicaid, despite provision in new hc law federal officials said Wednesday.
I know u all are busy but can I please ask you a question.? Please : )
if you are lucky enough to have today off in honor of our presidents, learn a little about the first prez and the jews! from...
my contact is mysteriously missing from my right eye and someone used up my coffee creamer...need to turn this AM around asap!
Hard to say which one of those shots was more surprising: Iggy or Rondo
Stanford has informed me that the Micky's Big Mouth they promised me for updating my LOCKSS daemons is not yet in the mail.
Im sorry white girls cannot twerk....
take care of it. What did you get?
Hurry hurry hurry get your program to the Rapture.Ya can't tell the players without a program. If you hold lucky program #666 you win a pass
#bacon wrapped jalapeno poppers, on the grill! So good :P
Interested in editing, writing, or graphic design for Voices, the academic journal of WGS? Info session on Oct 7 5pm in McGuinn 121!
. 3rd party candidates, right now, are only viable on the local level.
I deserve more than mediocre happiness; its about time i got over this.
YES! 😁 where do you go?
Hi. I'm good. Love your port! Fantastic work!
good to hear. What's causing your happiness? ;)
religion is, among other things, a political institution.
You'll just be around the corner from me when you get to CLT. You can send me breakfast everyday! Thanks, FA!
no problem
Extending the Digital Leather contest for one more day! Reply with your favorite track off Modern Problems, win a free copy of the LP!
I do not think that the bishop would believe that is on the plus side
I don't even know anymore...
