So Ryan Braun has / testosterone levels high / he's natural stud?
I agree to all of those.
Is that Justin Beiber with Mayweather?! I knew he was weak!
How does that pavement taste ?
Love the new Hunter Douglas App, esp. that you can upload pics of your own windows to test shade options.
www.reverbnation.com/thecompetition NEW MUSIC !!
well that wasnt smart.. cause im doing the same.. but i really dont want to cause my friends mean alot to me.
Yes...how is everyone? Big weekend?
I miss will chadick! The legend!!!!!
Everyone cheer on Paula Creamer today!!!!
haha maybe we can start having conversations at o dark 30 in the morning. Orr you could come down to Tenn and do my practices :)
Have you spotted #ZillyDilly creator yet? He is making the rounds at #IRA2012. Be sure to say hi!
Catch my flight, six am. One more stop and I'm home again. Here I go.
Loves his girlfriend =P
Gas Tank Contamination, What&#39;s been Done, What&#39;s being Done to Stop It
Like watching a mans final words before the lynching?
I know, but I have been trying to focus and get Zen about finishing this book before the end of the year.
After formal.
Finally joined AFTRA, next step is an improv class at UCB. I'm excited for what's to come! Every day is a learning experience!
Im faded
Tennis & Sunshine @ Indian Wells!
Yess! 26 of the 80 songs recorded! They're all really good! Maybe I'll post one on YouTube.. or when I do my Ustream this weekend..((
Turbowolf... The band that pretty much describes my recovery in music!
HER: "Why would I be making money for a Company when I need to work for myself?" ME: "It's like a Pimp" HER: "Everything's like a Pimp" LOL
#AADLA such a fun evening! dapper as always!
Welp. Still proud to be a
Why would he say, "and the pursuit of happiness"
My pleasure, great work!
#FF is your states ALA in this list?
I see Justin Bieber still dominates twitter :)
And my knee doesn't hurt either. I'm so amazed.
Omg....! a girl just passed out
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY everyone! God Bless! xoxoxoxooxoxoxox
I need Thursday to arrive sooner! 😊😃
done runnin....trouble tonight
You are SO right!
nope, me too! I'm sure it's lovely, but I have enough sharing already.
Just realized, I've been teaching for over a third of my life.
RT : "Leadership requires the courage to make decisions that will benefit the next generation." Alan Autry
Johnny's Hideaway Reason to drink today...Bayer Aspirin was patented today in 1899! From all hangover sufferers- thank you Bayer
Is Mark Sanchez One of the New York Jets' Top Five Quarterbacks of All-Time ... - Yahoo! Sports
# WWW.MENUOFMENUS.COM. Check it! It's a cross promotion with us.
that was 86 or 87? I left in July 85, got out
Why did I get in this traffic:/
I know u've been hurt by someone else I can tell by the way, u carry urself. If u let me heres what I'll do I'll take care of u.
Money looking right
ur my favorite :-)
Good morning y'all, woke up with a sore throat. Time to drug myself!!
"Butterfly" kisses (eyelash to cheek) were supposed to keep away anything bad. Tough for me with zero lashes, sigh.
Are you drunk and hungry? You are. You know it. Order Pizza Shuttle online at pizzashuttle.com
Should also point out that our bandcamp site also features album liner notes written by the great
I'm so sad, I never met you...
With your managed VPS, is it possible to install apps such as Varnish, Git, Memcached, Drush etc... ? thanks.
Morning lovelies :)
I love hot dads.
would like to see me going to awesome vegetarian spots!!! LOL!!!!! All the Best to You, Always! GOD BLESS. :)
@#hackingsociety agenda: session 1: economics of networks, 2: networks v. Hierarchies, 3: network politics
Blog issue resolved, thank you!
- Yes I do. She's brilliant.
we can dream though haha. its the ideas that make money that get the go ahead. hard to find ones that improve life at same time
thanks man. I really do appreciate that
I wish music had swear words in it. You have my Facebook info, right? Clearly, I'm not 8 years old.
This is why I didn't want you in my life.
Getting excited for the employee meeting this Friday! Proud to work with so many talented people!
At The Sewickley Cafe to integrate food and wine menu onto the iPad. The delicious looking food is distracting...
" Can you boo former UO defensive standouts Justin Wilcox and Peter Sirmon?" >>No - they deserve to make a living. Good guys.
If you don't like this Clipper Game then your not a basketball fan.
atleast I don't pretend they are chickens
well aren't u sweet?! And I are truly excited for u & ! ATL trip? I think so...
": A woman who truly loves you will be angry at you for so many things, but will never leave you." Story of my life
OH MY GOSH DILLON YOU HAVE A BEARD NOW......(Dillon's Haircut song melody)
Lmao RT : <<~~got some fie ass adlibs lol ": <---- Got Some Fire Ass Bars In The Making"
I dont feel like cooking......AH.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 16
Thanks boo!
- Hey Denton Cody Jasper plays a custom made Buckley Guitar! Nice work Buckley!!
can't wait for the game tomorrow! I'll be sporting my twins shirt in the crowd of rays.
That's a Dice-K walk rate
I hate it when your siblings hog the bathroom /: lol!
#shoutout #shoutouts please! i follow back!
Hey, just swing at any junk Luke. That'll get em back.
": I don't understand you. Please use SEARCH_TERM in LOCATION format (and make sure to mention me in your tweet)"
Are you now giving me unpublished David Foster Wallace titles?
Good luck to all TEXAS Public schools on STARR Test this week.
Is liking the lyrics of Bruno Mars song
It's making me so mad that the writers just ignore the fact that at no airport in America would she be able to go up to the gate.
dude trash
Happy Birthday to Ms. :) you're the best girl. keep on kickin' ass!
#nowplaying Tell me a lie. ONEDIRECTION
I hvnt been fuckin wit twitter like i used to
Who's going to the LB show??
Arrupe is really good, coming home from work, how is the studying??
Hey , Will You Ever Notice Me?? I Hope So. I Love You With All My Heart & It Would Make Me The Happiest If You Followed Me(:
good man, can't complain... Everything good with you?
well it is late
“: Time goes by way too fast.” always gotta enjoy every second!
quality service, and cooperative attitude! RT "Last thoughts on creating trust with other vendors... #weddingmarketchat"
#Themomentwhen you realize that #America is too stupid to realize that one world cup is equal to 4 crappy super bowls.
we won't even defriend you only block. We are passive AND judgmental and the farther west you go the worse it is.
Well there goes two hours an 15 minutes of my life I'll never get back just from making Etymology cards.
Tomorrow at Jovita's...bring your friends. Should be a good night. :)
I'm working until 3:00, but maybe- I will also have to cook mother's day at some point between now & 12 people over on Sunday
If hospitals and restaurants want staff and visitors to wash their hands thoroughly, they should have hot water in the bathrooms
They should have iPod chargers built into the treadmills!
DCUO Prime Battlegrounds Speedfeat POST NERF - Key - hex keys
It's mostly just that *I* go dark from time to time.
THAN sex...
I agree on the Farm Boss. Up to any task. I have found popping back cover every 5-10 hours to clean helps too.
stop at boudin's near fisherman's wharf for some clam chowdah in a bread bowl.
That's Impossible :)
Whatevs, you're the
Whole wheat pasta with fresh farmers market veggies and garlic dill chevre from the goat guy. Yeah.
thats good my man cause ive got my dream girl too
As long as injustice abounds in the workplace, no salad is safe!
I'm following every one that follow
Just ate a chocolate mousse that came in a cat food can. It was surprisingly tasty. Odd portuguese desserts.
THIS IS SO BABIESH
Who rates the credit worthiness of credit rating firms?
haha of course you are! hit a bitch up when you get there, i'm readyy to start
Start your weekend a little early tonight at Whiskey Chicks - we have 100 Bones performing and Ladies Night w/ free beer for ladies 10-11pm!
Need help with installing a network security camera?
Tuesday or Monday
I'm good, at Disneyland :) wbu?
from now on my goal in life is to use to word "brouhaha" as many times as possible
I'm waiting for your men's line of jewelry to come out!
first auditions today!
Are my 3 Cocker Spaniels that I live with
your new pooch is so cute! Dogs are awesome.
Noah made me perfume. It stinks. I don't want to know what's in it.
Strapping on my ankle brace for some exercise. Mowing, jumping rope, and dancing.
even more ironic is that my maiden name is Jodi Nichy, lol.
Not quite yet I've got a date at the cheese bar at tonight ===> What's shaking? (I'm hoping a martini...)
<-- Is now 's minion Until Eddie or Ricky whisks her her off to UK
Ah! So cool! I love following #wapfconf on Twitter!
About to watch Bill Maher and #Realtime from Friday. What are the actual chances that won't make a 4:20 joke?
Where are your hands P Rob
Cinco de Mayo = un tremendo success
Watching Life !
<--- follow? please? please? please? NOW! :)
Tickets are almost sold out for Riveters vs Dutchland Sat May 21. Doors at 6pm! Get there early, seating is first come first serve!
More website will become available once the P.E official website is live again!
No. Nobody likes me. And it's okay. It'll all be done soon.
Yup at mbtb
I don't even know how to feel but I'm on my happy trapday right now!!! Lol
You're crazy to think just half your love, could ever please me.
Snitches get stitches
Ready to jumpstart your #workouts and save? Learn about our special offer on the TQ5 Hybrid Home Gym Today!
checked out n fine doctors say im diseased free( applause with a slight cheer from the crowd) :-)
Ha different car, but pretty much captures it
yayayayay so excited!!!!!'
Hahaha I get like that to!:)
Thanks for posting my FB page!
school year*
my mommy needs to hurry): i am red to go!
I don't understand why MoveOn would send an email on Citizens United today, when everyone is talking about gay marriage.
Never Take Today for Granted, None of Us are Guaranteed a Tomorrow...
big players manipulate the market through the news and media. They need other people to take other side of their trades.
thanks for the plug!
when do I ever call back when I say I am?
My heart is heavy!!
Watching The Strangers
Dear John, what a great movie
Sounds good. Let's make it happen.
don't let your fire burn out.
: Loved the videos! Still humming the tunes from last night—can't wait for more. #Smarthistory will link to them.
Really bummed there's no new ep of tonight. Don't know how I'll be able to wait another week!
Yes, I almost forgot. “ I need to link up with to talk about this Vegas trip!”
“: Well done sir. “: Mitt Romney was the inspiration for Papa Doc in 8 Mile. Barack Obama is Rabbit. " huh?
OMG it's gonna poor. Watch out LA!!! Yeehaa, I feel like I live in Miami these days! Stay warm, safe and dry
Um I work in the Pacers building. Where are you at haha?
Knightley particularly delighted
Happy bday to you both!:) // RT : Happy Birthday !!! We are just 1 day apart! :) Enjoy ur day! Xoxo
Thinking about getting my dog a t-shirt with my college logo on it. That's grounds for waterboarding, right?
SORRY I ALREDY HIT THE FOLLOWING LIMIT =( FROM 500 FOLOWING NOW TO 1000+ I'LL TRY IT THE DAY AFTER TOMORROW COZ I WONT B ON
well good luck with the exam. U will do good !!!!!!!!
check my direct message to you :)
phone fixed yet?
Gatorade lime cucumber is a weird flavor like something is wrong with it yet really good at the same time.
David Graeber: source of indignation in #ows supporters: in order to do work of care -- be a teacher or doctor or nurse -- you have to 1/2
zit on my lip the size of saturn. fucking perfect.
Sittin here tryna read my history book during a movie night
Do you want your banner on our website?Send me a direct message
OFF TO THE GYM SEE YOU ALL IN ABOUT TWO HOURS
Thanks to 4 the follow! Text messaging is a great way to send reminders of important dates to clients. Ask how 918-271-0062.
Happiness is heading back to Chicago-in just a few hours!! I love it; I take off at 1 pm & land at 1 pm, Yelptoberfest tonight absolutely!!!
Happily Listening to good live music with friends in the 'hood. :)
"High hopes."
why are you up so early
And a #ShoutOut to the #RapAttack crew , riding listening to this #NotoriousBIG mix
anyone have an extra bib for the carlsbad half-marathon on jan. 23? please email me at ! i'll pay!
should do a cover on sure thing by miguel!
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading. ~ Henny Youngman
I like our position. No matter what they do, we've got a shot.
yeah :D did you?
AW how sweet!!! all over Twitter. But seriously Happy Mothers Day!!!
If you want to destroy my sweater....
I don't know that I've ever heard anyone say "Wack-em", only "Way-com".
didn't watch it to be honest...
A banana and an orange
did yhu hear new single #SaySomethin on the radio???!! It's an awesome song !!
Watching last weeks #awake and it just got awesome!
Another new gluten-free flour on the market. Grapeseed flour!
good. waiting for my friend to pick me up. got to go babysitting in a little bit.
yes I did. This one fits my brand better.
Sounds like a fun night Keep in touch. I like your work hope we get to work together soon.
thats exactly what we like. Your movement and your hustle. Pure and honest. Thats what makes it #FRESH! We're excited bro.
geology, the most boring class anyone could have lol
next time ur in az were going to the stip club for sure!!!!!!!!! hahaha had a good time homie!
RT : Tune into "Pinstripes" on PHL 17 at 1:00 pm. Cliff Lee and a trip to Lakewood will be featured.
Name three.
The fact that no one cares that Bieber admitted to underaged drinking and yet jumped down Miley's throat makes me mad.
Gymnastics: Rising Stars advance to regionals
biggest inspiration of all time. Your songs get me through things I can't explain. Look for my album one day luv ya!
I don't care what NOBODY Say...Kobe is the G.O.A.T. If you hate on KB24 you just a Loser...
Thank you so much for the mention! #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
I think the community here needs to do more to help technology experts *become* museum experts. Not an easy leap.
seems to be a perfect case for a multimodal (sociopolitical) discourse analysis
“: we can just try and take over the town in the process” ah man, I just gave up taking over towns for lent
We want to follow you, we really do! But we've reached our follow limit for now :(
why not dinner?
watcha wanna do!?
yesh i'd like to see #welcomehomehomosexuals trending but hey sleep sounds good doesn't it
I love #AngelsAndGentlemen Listen to it everyday. How do you do it Cody?
I'm only is spanish 5, wtf did she just say though?
I wish
Even the richest soil, if left uncultivated will produce the rankest weeds. Leonardo De Vinci
": it is better to do one thing well then to do many things poorly. : )">>> so, so true!
I am not afraid to be myself.
I know right! The cast are amazing and so talented!
Some days really test us and luckily they are usually just stepping stones to better days....
2012 is almost here! bust out your #swagg with new clothes from #karmaloop Save 20% with repcode MARYJANEEATER
Hate when you get your hopes up high and then they get crushed down #petpeeve?
Thank buddy! See you in Oct! “ Congratulations on being on the ZendCon Advisory Board again this year!”
okay good!
My dad is so gooffy!!!
Ops, I misread our departure time!
Specyph what you Believe.. Have a great day
I can't with the work computer or iPhone, unless we pay to subscribe, boo
I'm alil beyond the normal 25 year old. I can see & smell bull from a mile away. I have a hustle mentality so New York was a perfect fit
Be thankful that you have a life & forsake your vain and presumptuous desire for a second one - Richard Dawkins
- I admit I have to check mine every time...
Our lives... “: - just looked at the wall while boss asked me where i was the other day. such a #brat.”
Come on #Badgers!
Cloudpath celebrates its largest win in K12! Fairfax County Public Schools, 12th largest SD in US. 1st 12 to DM will win a free CP Tshirt
Ok well I have to go. Buut it was so nice to talk to you :) And hahah have fun in school ;p
Swallowed bitterness, finally broke out my If Not Now, When? album by Incubus for a first-time listen. My heart hurts, listening to this.
this the best tweet i seen all year
you ain't made for em Rick!!!!!
First soccer game of my high school career = success ! We won 5-4 #yeahbuddy ! Lol I love my team <3
HAD SO MUCH FUN AT OUR VALENTINE DANCE. NOW OFF TO THE BALLGAME. TEAM ALEXIS!!! GO FOLLOW ME
awesome! Where were you? That must feel great :-)
I'm excited too!! Haha ill see ya all the time then :)
thank u!!
Do it to it Lars
I just ran the numbers... in 2011, only one in twenty people were part of the top 5%. What's our world coming to?
Thanks for the RT :)
my friend called up there and asked!
look up this song called christ in me by my group school of worship
Miss Twist will be @ Baltimore & Greene
Images of America - Fort Myer made its debut today at the Pentagon Library - A copy has been donated.
The overlap of the museum's and the public's perspective of the institution is how the brand develops.
Y'all ain't n the same room?!?
Not to be ungrateful, but "anti-love" songs, are still love songs.
oh shit. Man that ain't good.
I only have a couple avail on Monday when I get them in
Arkansas is winning! are winning! Texas lost!
I know, you did you wanted him to win you told me so during cod.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes.
I salute NYC Mayor for standing up for women's health by pledging a $250k matching grant to #Planned Parenthood!
Reggae Entertainer Pam Hall on reggaenostalgia Reggae101 Show, Feb. 13.
Hey, South Lake Unioners, Pie Cookies will be in your neighborhood today! Caramel Apple!
this is worse than a breakup with a human.
Would you standby &watch someone be bullied? Or would you standup? #Standup!
Bridal show with my sister!!!!
#thinkingsocial Junco's research: what students do on social media sites matters; study showed promising results on retention
I'm picking 'Hunger Games' to stay on top this weekend. 'Wrath of the Titans' coming up #2. 'Mirror Mirror' is my turkey pick of the week.
I like bear chases...Very fun.
Very nice girl that i have met on Twitter,enjoy in u`re day Love ya!
Dont give up.Someone is depending on your strength.Someone is looking to see you rise from the ashes.You are an example to many!
hey now
Have anyone other than Dave & Rachel and Art & JJ won a leg? Some crappy team will probably sneak it at the end.
that's deep
Still thinking about Avatar, which we saw Saturday night. A totally amazing and stunning cinemagraphic experience.
Is it time to drink yet?
American Reunion. Is it fair to assume we’ll get a movie for every milestone that happens to these people? Next up: American Colonoscopy.
thanks for the follow!
Like a twister I was born to walk alone
All Prices are the 3 nights, let me know we have discounts in all Orlando hotels
Im trying to kick this site OFF with a Bang, but I need More Food joints on here!
Party Floppers in tha house tonight!
Can't wait for the new season of #sunnyfx. I need more kitten mittens and greenman.
New newsletter? Complete! It will hit your inbox over the next two days.
Can I get a phone that plays the 2001 theme on someone else's phone when I'm calling?
Love hearing all the great things on Twitter about both #HPMkt and #KBIS! Hope everyone can attend a trade show this year:...
I need a nap!
That looks dangerous
Nice! I live in Pacific Beach, so keep me posted! :)
Still aint went and picked up my wings. Bout to reorder and act like dat wasn't me a hour ago. Lol my shit gotta be hot sorry
Survive and advance.
Had a great time filming the Maple Lawn commercial - what a great production company and group of actors to work with!
Fife Flowers has a check in #deal! Come on by!
That's idiopathic.
I think it would be fun someday to own my own restaurant and then have it featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.
Yeah, he totally looks like a hipster. But amongst people my age, that's really not all that deviant from the norm.
s #Ward1TownHall had 33% higher (resident only) turnout than d 2nd best attended Ward Budget Town Hall #Ward1 baby!!!
All of my followers please go follow my producer !!!
The space between the tears we cry Is the laughter keeps us coming back for more
Come on Hawks lets have a great 3rd period.
having 102 fever <<<<
I can't dance but she sure can wine up pon it
I Know Who This Is About
Working hard at &
Now for the student processional. Give a welcome to our 2012 graduating class!
Might wanna spell check.lol.( ;
I guess I'll read my book before I go to bed
whats good boss appreciate the love.. whos your homie that told you about me? have you ever promoted
ugh.....deciding on band merchandise is insane.....so many options
arnt you that ethel person that knows my brother?
Way to nail those Essex chukkers, Hornday: "the hitting of Huynen was just too much for Essex, but a great spectacle was given."
he is a pretty happy guy. Looking forward to getting back in the saddle, literally.
yeah, he was definitely hitting a wrong note.
Hey this Smokin' Joe is on twitter too
yes now on the new season !! And she's gonna be on the episode too
Austin, I am in you.
and people are getting fatter.
Would really like to go someplace other than my house.
Femme fatale will be out on the 21st and on DvD and Bluray!
Work was long but glad I'm off,TGIF for me.
Disappointing game by the pats yesterday, too bad they didnt have enough game on their shoulders
ppl come and go like days and night but thise who stick with u til the end matter most.
Hockey East isn't a charity, it's ostensibly a business. Marginal benefit UConn provides doesn't counterbalance marginal cost
follow us please ?
got the newsletter - thanks for adding and taking care of this!
the old ecw is still out there on YouTube. I used to love that shit
Seven Lakes is fired up for this game. Jared Crosby hits a 3 and has some words for Danuel House. Spartans playing with a lot of energy.
Agreed! Glad YWACTMLWASIYSD
My mood improves exponentially when it's sunny outside.
nunthin looking at paranormal state.... Hbu?
Abrams, virtual access does not equal know how, we are sensemakers
Responsibility is fucking me in the ass and I don't like it!
I agree...but what about "kids or no kids"? Not always possible.
Had a great cross country road trip taking Rachel to IU for College Go Hoosiers!!
Wow. Yesterday was a hot mess. how many drinks did we have?!
Elderly man on the 6 train was reading the BIBLE. What, too good for The Hunger Games? Snob.
- the internet responds to market demand and the ladies love Ryan Gosling, just ask my wife
thanks so much for sharing! we're glad you like the site.
Rescheduled haircut after I see my 5-year old niece next week. Her opinion about matters of the hair counts.
Photo Flashback: Vishten @ Milwaukee Irish Fest 2009 - www.theconcertstage.com/vishten2009b.html
cuz i'm on the computer at work
i.want.that.BEARD.
Me either. How weird. You should have just punched her and told her to leave
In Berlin, exploring and checking out the ethical fashion shows at Berlin Fashion Week. Tomorrow's GREENshowroom and Semidomesticated!
You know it's a cloudy day here :3
Pictures must not be too picturesque. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
I just don't see any fitting in The White House. That said, I couldn't see any president as president before they became president!
Ready to get out of this fucking house.
Nunez made my night
Lst nite was odd. Watched the 1st 3 Rocky movies, ate Tapatio Doritos w/ Tabasco, and played banjo. Scary part was I knew a few banjo licks.
reviving from my turkey coma ... only to realize i feel like cooking
You said that games were much more fun but our love was way too strong.
hey baby :( ily
We set out to make the world a better place. No, you set out to make money. A ton of it.
Great song and video!
I hate it when people think its okay to comment on a post obviously meant for them
I'll watch any movie with bill nighy in it
Electric distraction .
Doggy style(:
#nowplaying Sex and Hollywood-
Going to the see that 70's Japanese horror film, 'House' at midnight. One review said it was like a Sam Raimi film on drugs.
awe :-) :-) :-) thanks boo! Remember this Saturday!
#Warm Cocoa Quinoa with Toasted Hazelnuts, Dried Fruit, Fresh Raspberries and Greek Yogurt! #QUINOA FOR BREAKFAST #healthy breakfast
JaVale McGee ceases to amaze me
It is staggering to think how many people throughout history have also enjoyed milk and cookies in the Wrigley Field press box.
haha oh goodness...well there is a park in wichita..
keep that! :) i was there and it was in my hometown Baltimore, MD :)
Thank you Alison!
Just won tickets on the all new hot 1075 with
Seeking an adviser for bashpolegroup.com with experience in manufacturing consumer products
Go Blazers!!
Hollywood needed this change! Can't wait till the Grand Opening!
Bad News: The projector was broken so we didn't get to see The Three Stooges.
crying. aw what did he say to you
LOL I have no shame...
#Thethingis i really love unattractive stuck up females
Keeping the accused out of jail is our top priority.
#RandomQuestions Why do dogs walk in a circle before they lie down?
The marine from toys for tots is here!
Hey , next time I come to Iowa ...im not coming that far just to Iowa City, ill tweet a hello. Lol
Glad I caught slow jammin the news tonight with Barack.
Enjoying the Alabama and LSU football game this evening. Should be a good one.
Catalogers: What's your favorite pencil for writing in books?
But never again. I'm a lover.
MT : After being kicked out, several reporters tried getting back to floor where Chen was last seen, but were unsuccessful
Getting to know Twitter and the resources on it for actors in L.A., or generally...
Oh snap this kid has some custom made turquoise beats by dre's at my table, he must be a player.
I asked Fraser and he doesn't know either. Sorry!
what happened?
Dang !! You have footage?
thanks Katy !
ya it takes a little bit haha. I haven't watched Tosh's new season yet!! Is it good??
The end is near!
Not bumper to bumper stopped kind of traffic, but we get a bit. Can't complain.
Ladies and gentleman,
I hate how if I want to do something, I have to see if my parents can drive me and their always 'tired' so I'm always stuck home.
Is it 5 o'clock yet? *looks at time* Nope...not even 8AM. Eep! Work now, I suppose.
#mudmelt Berrie: the way we express & represent science is culturally det'd.
DM me an address and I will get you hooked up.
Seeing a korean guy and having the feeling of calling him Oppa!
they ass freaky too Lmao!!!
About to record on CBS street date and last fm with Aunt Martha.
cane, belt, hanger, everything, right?.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing. - Abraham Lincoln
Who is looking to collab on some #Music. I got #Beats for dayzzzzz
RT - But to my followers that kno football.. who do yal think gone beat new England patriots honestly ...
is counting the days to the National Championship Game! UT vs. Alabama...Thurs at 7pm! Hook Em Horns baby!
Book your next flight with us and save minimum 50% off! Flights anywhere, anytime. www.flight-savings.com.au
Missing something... did NCTE just make an announcement or publish? Thought they were questioning. Please catch me up!
"19 in my Nina" getting play in the Lone Star. Good Work
you see those NC elevators during the nomination?
don't let him get to you...he's an idiot or he wouldn't be your "ex"!!
Which model do you have? A 3-in-1 Dell should be able to scan. Can also fax through your PC if you want to set it up.
Just tapped, Abbey Ale (replaces Anthem Hard Apple Cider)
Tokyo Police Club covering The Stokes. The world is one step closer to perfect.
After 7 hours of data collection, we've got results!! More will be revealed.....
Boo, parking ticket for being 9 minutes late at 6:45pm on empty street. Parking services has too much time on their hands.
Hope you can get the hookup again! I'm assuming it does not stream in Canada.
Getting serious about my workouts again and am curious what everyone uses for protein in their shakes. What are some good options?
Since when did #amazeballs, #uber and the pluralization of the word #internet become a thing?
let me know if that helps
Gobble gobble!
Indeed. Rock on Paul.
I recommend you see Jiro Dreams of Sushi In return will you recommend the best place in SD to sushi afterwards?
Would be honored to connect w/ u conf next week! will present at
Oh my god. She sucks. I don't understand why she would agree to write a little if reccomendation if she uses negatives..
And this shit: "Pep changed the lineup 2 often.” It's obvious these writers never played or coached the game.
I know! It's Great, its been two years since Joe Jonas tweeted to me.
Want to write for email your resume and an example street style photograph to
The Closing Address with will take place in to Astor Ballroom in five minutes
"We thought we liked Lamar." -- Been hearing that a lot these days.
The movie rules, that is. The jury is still out on the video...
Just stood at a freeway offramp literally begging for money for a photo shoot.. I made 10 cents! Was hoping noone I knew drove by...heh!
trying to get this whole thing running and last minute groceries lol how bout you?
Driving to Madison tonight with Looking forward to seeing ! :D First full weekend in Badgerland since graduating!
Before you do something, always consider the consequences of your actions.
my hubby would love that. How can I learn more? (we're in Denver so have to make a trip of it)
I can suck in my fat pretty good too!!!
Bases are loaded for the Dodgers in the bottom of the 6th.
Gongrats to Kevin Morris of Miami and brother of Zach Morris. You got the $22 discount of the day! Way to be huge
Gays stop bullying people! If they don't agree with us that's there opinion! Don't say they are wrong! People think differently
dont wanna talk about it
can u hit me with an encore
Register at www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the hockey games free online no more missing your favorite team play we have them all enjoy!!!
#thebachelorette Some of these guys look older than me! 27?? More like 47!!
I need to chill. anybody?
JobHunters: Keep Networking & Connecting. I know it's challenging. Keep Active, Positive & Focused. U Can Do It! Many Believe in U, incl Me!
What city has the best singers so far on American Idol?
ah I appreciate the tip off!
Lil wayne and Chris brown at the #Grammys !
The Portland Intl' Beer Festival is this weekend - We love a cold one w/ our 's Prime burger & fries! Join us after the festivities.
I wish I could show y'all the foolishness I see at my job tho smh
I can't wait to see Gina tonight...she better be performing, no one gets the crowd/players pumped like her!
that sounds like such an awesome plan that I am definitely going to have to take you up on! :)
omg Austin you are so grown up<3 :')
There is no good in extravagence, however, there can never be extravagence in good deeds
talking to my parents < running uphill, in the winter, with no clothes on, carrying a bag of bricks, with a fat kid on my back.
- the median price of Manhattan apartment listings in April hit $1.5M, a 10.1% increase from this time last year
B B B my BFF cuz IDK whats coming next and let me LMHO with the rest so TTYL XOX ..
“: Ready to rock out with Brad Paisley. Yeah come on.” Can't wait to see ya!
How will Alex Trebek be sent to alternate universes now, if Alex Trebek no longer exists on Jeopardy? Xela Kebert!
Me and swaqqin these niqqas word "monkey ducks"
1 more day then #sb2012 here we come
I thought i heard it was gonna be Fringe's last season.
back to them racks
Woot! It's official: my Etsy shop now accepts credit cards directly, without going through Paypal.
I hate myself.
thanks Kimmy! Let's hope I don't do something silly in my second interview.
DON'T WASH THAT BALL! Oh, wait, it's a baseball? Nevermind...
..excited to hear abt the 30bbl system the crew has on order for their pub..love what those guys are doing
Plans tonight? R U a founder for a tech startup in SD? Join us bit.ly/us6WqC & crowdsource
I think my ears are bleeding.... and why are the coaches lying to them?!
In the studio again today...feeling really creative...#thnking God for my gift
#thatawkwardmoment when your phone changes itself from silent to ring at work and everyone gets treated to some late afternoon Hairspray.
niggah, I'm taking a dump.
. Claudia Duran recognized by #SWC Governing Board for her year as student trustee.
We're so close to the Edward's Theater, Mira Mesa: swing by before catching a good movie.
thanks so much! That's 100 for Jan & 45 for Randy!
Just ordered glasses
Hey girls on "16 and Pregnant" you're not going to college.
This post resulted in cybersex for you, didn't it? You naughty.
#pla12 "I'll see it when I believe it." Importance of visualization....
closet racist?
Thanks, thats what we're going for - smart+entertaining, low jargon quotient
The poster I got at AMC Theaters with my viewing of #JohnCarter is the best marketing for that film. It conveys so much.
go out and do something for which youll feel guilty and have to repent - at least youll have fun while in the throes of it! happy sunday!
Gig tonight in Hermosa Beach at Suzy's...hitting the stage about 8:30-8:45 and rockin for a few hours ! Wear Green !!!
Bruh they put Lance Stephenson in on us SMH
thanks for printing out the homework!
Viva Vavoom! Extravaganza blends Mexican masked wrestling, comedy - Chicago Sun-Times
oh, and come back already. there aren't enough classy people in Miami with the Schumis AWOL!
I just had a great morning sipping coffee at Espresso a mano, one of our sponsor businesses. Delish chocolate croissants, too!
did he use it to call Jesse's girl?
Vision Airlines 30 person plane. Rude flight attendant... Great way to kick off the day. Get what you pay for I guess.
#PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight I would say immunity to Mace but years of interbreeding criminals & evolution since 1982 already gave them that
Back from working out. Time to study for two tests ,and finish my homework. I couldn't watch Vampire Diaries or Jersey Shore :'(
oh snp, what's up dog?!
he is 3 years older than Pat Richter!!!!
at least they are trying, I guess.
Mattress surfing>>>>>
Late night at the studio. I mean, really, what IS late when you love what you do??
Happy Museum Day!
Thank you sir! 2 days/week for now, ramping up to 5 soon.
LOL use your sources!
So...many...grad...parties.
THIS!! I've said NO FRANCISCO ever! Yet look at our MESS! RT : New Francisco, same as old Francisco.
why didn't you tell me the meeting was at 11:30 not 11.. whoops!
#TeenMom2 can't wait till next week
I would go to the American idol tour just for :) and I don't even do idol tours.
S/O to my new followers and the continuous bipolar stalker. S/O to all my followers with fake pages too! Some have more than one page! Lmao
what about it
I better see at Warped Tour or i'll be berry, berry upset.
RT : Good afternoon<< what's good kid?? What's good with SongBook?
Ah, would have loved to meet you! Was a fun event, and yummy food. :) Hopefully I run into you sometime soon!
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-27
Bought my costumes for Grease today
Ped. Pal Loofah Foot Scubbys are ONLY,. $6.00 Or get the Ped. Pal club package, when you buy 5 you get one free! 35 fun yumy smelling scents
MKG is gonna take care of business tonight and stomp some jayhawk behind
Who wanna text me ..
yes, and they probably never will :)
When we continue to make cuts in education, we are sending the message to students that education is not important.
Cynosure Announces Presentations and Published Abstracts on Cellulaze™ and New Picosecond Laser Platform Technology at ...
LOL! ya i could imagine.
I never see but at most 2 re mates with him since the tour started. They do need to work a little better together.
Thanks! I've been wanting to ask to you about that entire program.... double date at Blind Lady when you get back to the US?
Non-alcoholic Baileys coffee creamers.
Mommy Dearest, of course.
thanks! The Simon Cowell judge liked me. And we broke some library stereotypes!
#SF courts Warriors:
w u on bailouts [in ordinary circumstances]. Smart regs, the kind W spent 8yrs getting rid of, promotes prudent business practice
O... Sounds like a place I need to check out. God, it would be good to BUILD something again.
and im only getting older somebody should've told cha im on one !
“: ....those who don't believe in magic will never find it...”
In our school vote for the 2012 Caudills you were the top winner for "Greetings From Nowhere"!
When blogging, make sure you establish yourself as an expert.
you got my vote doll!
the song is played. Peace.
You treasure him and treat me like crap.
Congratulations on winning her first major title tonight. I'm so proud of you. You are truly one in a million. Keep it up.
Check out the 17th Annual Pittsburgh Blues Festival July 22-24 at Hartwood Acres! Proceeds benefit the Greater PGH Community Food Bank!
Oh great! It turns out that "fact" that 85% of kids graduating from college return home is - FALSE!!!! Whew! Thanks
is this a person that researches the history of computers? it is a confusing label.
Who's ready to enjoy a beautiful Saturday!
hey everybody its been awhile since ive been on so hi!!!!!!!
Any ways BORED!
love ur song run this town just keep replaying it over and over on my ipod lol love all the others too :)
what sweets will you be eating today??
The definition of [GRACE] is the "manifestation of favor". Jesus is grace given to us by God. He is the manifestation of favor. Wow.
Van is doing an errand, then we'll eat dinner. Want to come by around 6:30-7:00? That would be fun for us. :)
hey, at least we have until august till we have to work until close ;)
Buck needs a 9 panel. Lets guess who refused.
it will depend on if I go to summer 2, but I'm thinking 4 days?
Merry Christmas to you as well. I am good. Finally sitting on the couch being lazy lol. Holiday was good. What about yours?
follow back.?!
The #Titans have plenty of three-way mock options. Love Dont'a Hightower, or Quinton Coples, or Chandler Jones for them.
I can't wait to do more landscaping around the house today. It looks really good so far.
I was already following ! Will you put me on?
are you marking out lol. Your upset and rowd up but when your boy goes down you going be like damn (mud on face) lmao
hope you get some soon..... Sleep that is. Lolol ;-) feel better soon
Mini Guinness shots=delicious
I just finished a 4.22 mi run with a pace of 14'12"/mi and a time of 1:00:00 with Nike+ GPS.
A large shipment of gunpowder has arrived in Egg Harbor, NJ. It is was ordered in secret by the Cont. Congress. Its origin is unknown.
Winter - a little late. Thanks for nothing.
Don't be
: PLZ ask the debt super cmte to support HR 2366, Rep. Barton's (R-TX) online #poker bill THX!
sad,sad day...
I can't wait for the adventure tomorrow
is creeping :)
Matthias "This doesn't look like a race, it looks like a mud-hole." lol
I really need to get on often !
There's no mystical energy field that controls my pants
Thanks for the follow! And we think you ARE pretty special :)
You have such a big mouth; you could eat a banana sideways.
Me too dude.
Congratulations on an insightful series of blogs about entrepreneurial traits.
I have been dying to hear your accent! Maybe you can't handle mine... hm????
Love your profile !! :) cute <3
You can't really say what is beautiful about a place, but the image of the place will remain vividly with you
That would be more like trying to survive....a struggle everyday at least....suffering as a norm.
wasn't even a game - it was a BLOW OUT!
“ Good morning beautiful people... Have a blessed and productive day :-)”>> Morning same to you
not surprised by that at all. : )
turn it around. When you want it left click.
I hope everyone has a great day...let's all make someone smile today...ROFL is good too! lol
There's this girl that I been going with in my mind for like 2 years and yea thats it for now
great first day of classes. Ready for a new semester, even if it involves CS theory and algorithms.
I will never forget this day.
Library time, gotta finish this homework
bet dat add me as well!
RT lol i barely associate myself w/other girls. all they do is bitch, assume, & talk shit. "bros before hoes "
One of my all time idols wrote me & she'll b here n Nashville n a few days!! She's one HUGE RAYof SUNSHINE! Can't wait 2 c her!!
Seriously fire #Bob Bradley.
Fancy Auto Answers – Cars Demystified | Ask Car Questions, Get ...
what time is happy hour in san antonio location?
I can't find the channel for on tv 🔫 me!
#NYUgarage "The user is all that matters" Walt Mossberg
lmao...Ray Justice...nice!
This day has been fueled by self-righteous rage. And junk food. I am making all of the right choices in this life.
Thanks for encouraging me <3.
you know my style, i'll do anything to make you smile.
Silver Spring wildlife news! Spotted at 6:30 p.m., Wayne Ave. and Dale Drive, one big ol' FOX! Made it across the road heading south.
Daylight Savings is Sunday. Remember to set your clocks/watches an hour back.
I steal a glance and wonder if I have a shot.
YOLO= You Obviously Lack Originality
Just wrote some lyrics in class that I think are pretty cool.
#JEdgar is simply an amazing film! brilliant!
HUGHIE STAY OUT OF MY LIFE. <3
Happy 15th Birthday !! Hope all your wishes come true! 143 Birthday Boy!
Saw your check-in the other day! Love it! Thanks for eating with us!
Props to #Rotary and #Gatesfdn for helping to keep India clear of polio for an entire year.
#idRatherHave Have The New Saconeys Than The New Jordans
Phyllis - lifelong adherence
hey tell people i follow back
and same to you =]
Shannon Jo to the rescue!
that was the hottest black guy i've ever seen. marrymeee
PLEASE RESPOND. could you give me flyzik's email? im trying to get an interview with atl this wednesday :L
happy friday, ! who's got something fun planned for the weekend?
yesterday at breakfast? Yes. Omg. Haha
I am celebrating another year.
All the latest news on
you're kinda turning into a stalker.
of course. What are you doing next week.
Prince Royce Why Are You So Sexy? (;
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
Hitting your side on a table and limping to the ground like you've been shot.
I think it's the girl.
List 'em all!” apple tv and blue ray. Sky satellite box. Digital terrestial needs checkinh
Thank you for following.
Love hurts, but sometimes it's a good hurt :)
I ain't giving up.
haha well im glad (:
is chillin at the ip!
Haven't been here in a minute. Wassup to all of my new followers. I promise to be more active in 2012.
looks forward to seeing you at the Academic All-American Classic - May 9th, 2009 @ Citizen's Bank Arena in Ontario, CA!..
":...I can work Sunday mornings, and when is my first one... The Sunday after Derby!" Yea gonna be a poor performance review
That's a great #beerfact! We definitely encourage moderation and exercise too.
Finally getting my laundry done just in time to head into the woods of Mt. Rainer with the crew + the games begin
Kimora lee simmons ehhhh didnt she remarry ? Talk about "that s my hoe too"
Hey #OO people - teargassed yesterday? I would love to talk to you for a piece on police tactics:
I <3 Clouds.
that bear is going to eat your son!
#Gators Colby Rhea scores bring #UF up to 23. #FresnoState has yet to score a single point.
sweet, you can send it to :)
RT 58:1. The ratio of ideas to successful product.
think of that as tall and thick. ;)
Looking forward to all the container gardening I want to do once I get my new apartment & balcony. :D
ah that's all that's always On my mind!!!LOUIS!<3
The problem is not that there are problems. It's expecting otherwise & thinking that having problems is a problem. – T. Rubin
Aah! Yes I'm from Canada :)
they only pulled you guys over because it's illegal to be as sexy as you guys. Duh.
What it do, where all my followers at in this thang, ya boy is so on today
Well you didn't sound nervous. You were right in your element. Very comfortable talking about what you do best.
I've never made a gumbo. I love to cook and should try it sometime.
what's up girl? welcome to twitter! l0l
trying to finish the last part of my final. Class is brutal.
Gwendolyn Foster - we become martyrs when we watch 'Martyrs'
Since we adopted a 'unified' calendaring system I think the amount of time I spend typing my availability in email messages has tripled.
#GRAMMYS I was once nominated for a Grammy for my angsty facial expression alone, but was beat out by
It was so good to see you guys! RT : So excited for drinks and dinner with and tonight!
we certainly do!
oh, it's gone way beyond potential.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. Earl of Beaconsfield
Went out for lunch, saw a dog with shoes & a man walking around with a snake on his shoulders, all on the same block.
There is zero chance the "One Seat Rule" gets adhered to here at this #Avengers opening.
insomniac at 2 AM - Looking forward to a movie premier tonight with Hollywood acting buddies! whoot!
A lot of little girls were singing and dancing to TTYLXOX today at work! It was the cutest thing :)
I am so glad that Amare is staying! Thanks for all your great tweets. I'll see you tonight. Beat the Hawks!
I havent worn an actual pair of vans in the longest time, i forgot how comfy these bitches were.
craving some Chinese food
Well, I made it to Thunder
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "BREATHE IN THE FUTURE, BREATHE OUT THE PAST." ~ Iceberg Slim Jay
Congratualations to all Arlington Muay Thai Fighters who fought this weekend
I miss the days where you didn't give a fuck.
do you like likes? love follows? me too.
Thanks for the shout-out! Have a rockin' weekend!
Someone wanna fill me in on the whole air bands thing?
so ready to get outside...
Having to pretend I don't care is the hardest thing to do cuz I still do even if I don't want to
If the capital gains tax is raised it will also punish retirees whose retirement incomes will be taxed as income instead of investments
hi lovely !
watching kings replay with a francisco garcia sighting. Thought of you.
Been in this house all day!
you should get 2-handed landscape going as soon as you can. It's amazing.
Ladies too much tape!
did u get momma something ? :)
Really need to barge my phone now
it's my nickname for essence lol, wait, aren't married men in bed by now?
That song fires me up man!
Wild thoughts m x
The Playoffs start tonight!
Farrakhan, Jackson, Sharpton, et al if they stop talking their spin they are all out of a job.
You know what makes a crowded bus even better? A toddler screaming and crying his lungs out.
I hate when fat bitches put on them high waisted shorts so they can tuck all that nasty ass stomach in them and come out like they not fat
Just returned from a quick jaunt to NYC for dinner - very nice : )
Two specials tonite - Steak & Shrimp dinner, and a 'you call it' Grilled Cheese with a cup of Tomato Bisque soup. Let's go Jackets!
Jesus Ugalde Content Summit: "Cyberhives: a Facebook-like experience!"
U kno poor asians with their poor thoughts...let him root with his dirty frnds....
Thank you Lara been having a bought with insomnia latley :) xo
I finished my finals, and I kind of feel nothing.
Couple ABC's, bad bitch double D's, poppin' E, I don't give a F, told ya I'm a G! 🎶
On This Note . Goodnight Folks. God Bless, You All!
I love the view from Desert View in the #GrandCanyon. I haven't been out East Rim Drive in almost ten years.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! (: I HOPE IT'S A GOOD ONE(:
Or around your forehead and communicate directly with your brain.
I don't get the 2 tire stop at all there. Take 4 and ride in the back.
Looking at New York apps with We're kinda excited. 🌇🌆🗽
I wish the Reds had a tomahawk chop equivalent.
Florence+The Machine Childish Gambino J Cole .....And I don't even give a sh*t who else!!!!! U jello I kno'
"Don't talk to strangers." "Well , how am I supposed to make friends?" -__-
Chris Brown, AGAIN???
digital liberal arts? digital arts? oh, wait, that's a whole other thing . . . :)
Mobile Bay LPGA Classic Notebook: Sybase Match Play spots on line in third round (photo gallery)
I did not win the top 15 in the contest. God must have a better plan for me :) Thanks for your love and belief!
Rocking out to #LadyMarmalade in accounting class
do you RT and tweet your fans still??
See, no room 4 dogs! Lucky I set up a book series myself! ;-) MT : Not leaving here until I sign a book on "Deleuze and Cats."
is a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!!!"
You too! RT : thankyou so much have a fab weekend :-D xx
Don't fall in Love with someone who says the right things, fall in Love with someone who does the right things.
Trying to remember accurately and just counting half the year, I want to say 8 or 9.
It's an uphill struggle against my anxiety, depression, insecurity, etc, but what matters is that I'm taking the steps to fix it.
When the teacher is talking to the whole class, but she chooses to stare directly at you. -_-
i feel bad spamming you but pleasee follow me i really need to dm you :(
You're a grown man, boy, go get McDs yourself.... Or, better yet, pour yourself a bowl of cereal!!!! But, I love you anyways!!
FREE MY BIG BROTHER HILL BE HOME SOON.
um so yeah...nice street name “: Officer Assist (Dallas) - 3711 Dilido Road - Dallas Fire-Rescue Engine 53 request Police Code 3"
Wonder if there's a dev who has fixing the sign-in experience for Blogger comments on their list of priorities. A girl can dream.
you're gunna catch a cold, from the ice inside your soul.
Except for the nose of the #wine! :-) RT : But there shouldn't be perfume at a wine tasting!
": #imagine Nathan telling you,"I don't like texting you, because I'd rather call you and hear your beautiful voice."" SURE!
Gahhhh! What a week...
Mao's Last Dancer comes to Portland in 3 days! www.maoslastdancer-movie.com/flash.html
HA! Of course I wouldn't unfollow anyone who was following ME. That would be sacrilege!
show was way fun. i am way tired
lol yup 1130-730 I I'm the night manager at the double tree Hilton in Boston
What's the farthest you've gone A- Feel up, makeout and.... Uhm. Lok
Who says ballroomers can't get funky? Garry is teaching breakdancing! Every Wednesday from 4:15-5:30. See you (and your kids!) there!
We are re-printing the "Baltimore Shamless" shirt along with making a brand new one in time for Hampdenfest. What color do you want?
Pliny the elder on tap at stumbling monk. Night got a little blurry!
I miss her
Be Sure To Make The Most Of Your Travels | Oregon Attractions
Morning friends :)
would love to know. It's possible. Surprised someone hadn't researched it
That was the swaggiest airball I've ever seen.
idk if im gonna be able to do it...im honestly gonna break down, ill prolly be crying all day:(
lmao yes don't most teens have internet?.. xD
you're welcome 😃
Still open... It's tough bc there are not many back to the basket players left in the league. The #1 guy is a no-brainer in my opinion
i'm not sure there's a Dline coach in the league I trust more (as far as the 3-4 goes..). I have similar faith as in Baldwin...
You mean like the way you've done to me in he past. And while we are at it, I think you wanted to take me to dinner.....
More ice cream news....this Saturday we are also introducing our Chocolate Guatemala Roast ice cream using ! Yum!
"At any given moment you have the power to say: this is not how the story is going to end."
My brthdays in 10 days, nothings special I just want to be with the people i love and gifts and money LOL
www.facebook.com/TheSlidersMusic - 'like' us to see when we're coming to a town near you =0
its gonna be great!
i've been having this crazy obsession with spanish music lately. 😍
just came out with a new watch collection... Cutest colored watches! Uh oh, my wallet is now in trouble.
Omg haven't tweeted in like 2 days....I'm sorry!!!
Calling people turds >>>
You were awesome! Everyone loved it... THX!!!
It's a happy go Funday ... And I'm feelin' kinda Sunday!!
Hey, yes, Eric Normand and Mike Chapman are in my band, but the rest of players are different from Fillin Station band
that only applies to cinnamon rolls.
Beat Peter Orlofsky passed away. Sweet man. I remember his reading voice top of lungs poem about going to his garden to pick vegetables.
Great to see you too! Best of luck & thanks to social media staying in touch should be a breze :-)
I wrote hundreds. That was my college job.
a few songs I cannot listen to. 'I drive your truck' being one of them :'( Makes me miss my baby brother...so effing much.
I hope you are having an AMAZING birthday!(: ILY!
In #Austin TX for couple days with Cary Chamber of Commerce & Town officials. Intercity visit to learn how to improve back home.
Quote of the day: "You don't have to have any emotions if you just want to spend time with someone."
It never was about love, it was just about what I can give her.
Organizing my electronic files
the table must be leaning to one side for you.
Please, like you can stop the two of us. We'll just lock you in the trunk of your mom's beamer and continue on our merry way.
what link can i follow for the game tonight?
Rolling into Pickles now. Free shirts available. Just tell me you'll help "pack the yard" later this season.
RT : I am so proud of u cuz
HEY GUYS IM BACK<3 i quit twitter but now im back and lost 100 followers /).(\
Passing the time by catching up on all this new interest in last year's "Vibrations" campaign here on twitter and on #reddit :)
Listening to speak eloquently about her vision for supporting and empowering youth through their new foundation.
can't wait to see you!
How i LOVE long beautiful sunny days!! Spring i welcome u!!
lol its me running it still ive just kept the name and try to publish startup material still
OMG I finally made it to Austin. At the bar with wine, a big piece of salmon and watching the grizz game. lets go grizz.
ah! carrot cake is a fave around here. i mean..just sayin... ;-)
oh long time no see... One of my fav haters :-)
What about a movie >.......Someone know whats good now ??
I think I say "swellington" about 50 times a day.. haha
Sorry didn't mean to add to your blog conversation. doing multitasking
11 suicide vests found at Afghan military HQ - CBS News
a man can be a bitch too
MIDNIGHT TONIGHT #ElMariChiChi keeps pushing glitter guns&funs in yo'face!
Happy Mother's Day to all the good and proud mothers out there. Its the perfect weather for y'all day. Enjoy
Go colts!
annual reviews?
Bears putting spikes in the field is only way to try n stop the packers
hey amiga, how you feeling?
Feliz Cumpleaños, corazon! May the RubberMan visit you tonite and make many evil spawns with u ;-) JK Have a blast, kiddo!
Last day of practice here's we go !
If Cain beats Romney, it's him or Obama for Presidential race. No problem, as you can have a 3rd party entry with Sharpton or Jesse Jackson
Refinancing to modify a mortgage loan has proven to be the best solution for some borrowers
I'm very excited to show ya ;)
I'm designing a book cover, one step closer to my dream career!
Fuck the Brewers. Get me all pissed off so that I leave, and then tie the game up when I get to the car.
Duderstadt on openness in higher ed: open knowledge mgt, courseware, learning, authoring, content, participatory learning, OER
thank you!
I'm broing all these bro's I don't know.
Hey my pleasure! Just having fun and telling others about the great people in Twitterland.
thursday night basketball may kill me one of these days.
Came home to find a couple of Cadbury eggs I had forgotten I had. Sometimes it's the little things.
And 3rd time rebook fail. Stuck in Nashville tonight. Hotel and meal vouchers from Delta. Glad I packed that extra t-shirt and undies.
a better post cache person like or could get those for you ASAP
let me know what happens with !! Please! :)
I was sure I won...Meh! Still broke. RT
47th Ward Wellness Fair today 10-2 @ Sulzer Library. Free flu shots and more!
well I'm on my phone so that's probably it
catering order destination: Congressional Cemetery for the Chevy Chase Historical Society. Praying our driver makes it back!
It's the best day of the week. Today!!!! is bangin dem turntables. Hip-hop on the menu today.
If that were the case then why would you spend tons of money lying to every Latino in the city?
pacha friday?? i think so =]
If you're gonna take the time to bother me defending someone who doesn't even give two shits about you, then oh well.
Lol. I Look And Act Just Like My Dad <3
OMG THAT'S MY EIGHTEENTH BIRTHDAY, WHAT A PRESENT
Pills To Prevent Canadianism - Dr. Moley
And to just think you are the cuter one!
also now it just makes me annoyed about the seemingly default praise/exposure lumped on boring bro-punk bands
I'll be a few minutes late....Bulls just took the lead!
#shoutout to my best friend Tristan Wilhite.i know we didn't get of to a right start when we met but now we are best friends.live it up
hey Safz are you there now?
Good advice. RT : In doubt about your strategy? Test it. That’s what surveys, focus groups, direct mail, and web studies are for.
ok cool,glad it went through :)
This is huge for small biz MT Feinstein says about ADA lawsuits Wants 90 day "right to cure" 4 businesses
Peggy is so gonna get knocked up by this new fella. She likes them cocky.
haha its weird being able to put it down.
RT : Wilson has nine this half. Rest of the #Badgers have six.
Who has an oovoo?
Why am i so impatient D:<
is the survey part of your dissertation research? Personal networks is an interesting area :)
Lol very clever.
spit and lube
gettin ready for party number 1 for who is going out tonight?
we watch everything online,we no longer have dish or cable.That is a big shift. No he phone either.Everyone contacts us via FB/email
Crossing my fingers for a win!
D has all the pics on his iPhone, will post soon. I got pics w/ everyone that attended, including all the FSD folks!
K’s Girl Scout Troop’s self-serve dog wash party loc: Wash, Shake & Wag, 2520 N. Main Av. To benefit Guide Dogs of TX. 1:30-4:30 today
Dear update your blog more frequently. It's going on 5 days.
yea man Action packed.. Iron Man is a Beast
No its a hat RT I must have like "sucka" or "chump" on my forehead or sumthin
JJ Abrams Star Trek good, but lacked subtext of social commentary that makes Trek Trek. at
Something tells me that my 1/2 & 1/2 is no good....there are little semi-solid white bits floating at the surface of my coffee. yuck.
New hot movies 22. Hawire 23. Kevin Hart Laugh at My Pain 24. Man on the Ledge 25. Contraband 26. Girl With Dragon Tattoo 27. Immortals
"June" he didn't have details ...it's possible it doesn't happen but it might
Judging a person does not define who they are, it defines who you are.
DON'T NEED MAKE UP, TO COVER UP.
And when we say good night its like I can't wait to sleep so I can wake up and hear you say good morning.
Going to the game tonight !
--> RT ": RIP Vidal Sassoon. Hair today. Gone tomorrow."
I'm always faintly alarmed when someone seeks my involvement in order to add gravity and legitimacy to a project. I can add that?
I don't know how I'm going to practice from 1-5 if I'm in pain laying in my bed..... #sosick 
I wish I knew what I did with my phone charger.
do you have a blog send me the link to your page to like, I am still learning tweeter
Find job easy with us. www.joborworker.com
Get off the left/right and deal with the TRUTH. We have a BILL OF RIGHTS. Politics and state manipulated media will fail us. -douggieb
Made it home - house looks ok- no gas leaks - 60" flatscreen is still mounted. Corcoran Library shelves are up - saw one book on the floor.
The awkward moment when you're playing Sing It with your cousin, and your uncle peeks in ;o
We're at #w2e this week!
yeah they do I did have one it broke :/
- I really love it. So deeply true.
Come out and support Polyphony H.S. at Sunday Salon Chicago, January 29, 7:00 p.m. at the Black Rock Bar, 3614 N. Damen
Great...now, instead of sleeping, I'll be awake thinking about this.
One Time For For The Follow Go Check Them Out They Got Some Nice Kicks!!
I am off to watch the Detroit Lions, what the hell am I thinking?????????????
I have a soccer game like 30 minutes after work...not enough time to get home and change...dont hate
did you see the info I tweeted to you last night?
Oh fa real? I got kick out that club in Chico for smokin that good good last month or so. What time the show start?
Really? on 295?
Best Coaches to Follow:
Doesn't anyone remember laughter? Damn you NBC for hampering 's creativity!
I love when my Memaw asks me if I wanna go get my eyebrows done #uhhhhofcourse 👵💗
To our fans in Boise, Jon Foreman will be at Bippy's Coffee at 7pm. Go check him out! Awesome singer and leader!
Catching up on Game of Thrones. I am beyond creeped out by how effortlessly the young actor who plays Joffrey pulls off evil.
ladies...your sports bra should not have a birthdate.....Fleet Feet Sports
RANDOM STATUS UPDATE: Applesauce! That is all.
I noticed that about mine. why do cats sleep so much?
Just found out about Disappointed we won't be able to attend. Are there other #EDU and #TechEd conferences we should be aware of?
ah I sent my crush a message on fb and he replied and then I replied and he hasnt replied anymore. And I doubt he will .. wah
Setzke..... Sad day.
Yeh that's what I wanted to know about...what type of planning did you do before you made the move?
Lolol. RT : #Virgo's love belly rubs.
Haha you should though. Just saying.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people act like they know how i feel, but really dont 
Recovering from last night's open mic pub crawl. Gearing up for a show in October.
“: Free Sierra Nevada sampling 6-8pm Paired w/ unique Deli pizza. Tell your friends!” Tell your date you want beer & pizza!
Just booked my April 20th flight to RDU from Philly. Love flying you guys!!
It's definitely awesome to get out of work and see the sun still shining bright. Makes up for how tired I was this morning.
Aw, man. I thought ours was bad, but it's only at 64,000%
my block is populated entirely by the latter of those two groups of people
yea its pretty crazy that 5 million users are spread out all over the world
the new room mate stole my perfume, she denied it, I just ran into her and she's wearing it...
i knew someone out there would understands
I'm thinking this job search nonsense would be way easier for everyone involved if someone just offered me a job
Colleagues cut a wide path promoting #nchd in Charleston. Congrats! Even mems of Congress are hyping you! Very proud
are you missing something like bomb?!;))) haha RT : 16 ✔ License ✔ Car ✔ Freedom...... ✔
Praise God that we can now say "go play outside" once again :) What a gloriously quiet Sunday it has been!
RT : #YSL6812 tickets and VIP on hit me or dm me don't miss this city-wide event
Our infield reminds me of 3rd and 4th grade pee-wee baseball.
FINE! its not like i wanted to go anyways..so pshh!
Even the bus plaza isn't so bad on a sunny day.
okay at least someone loved me
Hey I thought the coaches were suppose to preform?!
is reaching its 10,000th #Belly check in ALREADY! Lucky number 10k will win prizes from both Chick-fil-A AND Bellycard.
no problem :) how old are you now lol
thanks doll :)
I'm not following him, he's blocked, I search my youtube name sometimes and the things he says pops up.
Pssst! The Lunchtime Lagniappe is at Louisiana State Museum, not :)
I feel that! Straight up Wisdom, thanks
Night people hope you had an awesome day today i know i didnt i cleaned my bedroom :)
You would eat rooster testicles...llama fetus..fried bees...raw sea food...and yet won't eat cooked liver... (shaking head...)
Photos photos tears!!
u found me
thanks for the mention!!
On my way to #fbfORL - can wait to learn new tricks and meet new foodies!!
you can also try Spark by Marketo which starts at $750/ mo. Let me know if I can help out.
Nothing what about you
Keep trying crazy man. November is going to suck for you, as will the next 4 years. can't wait.
you havnt been online for 17 hours..... I'm getting sad :(
WOO WOO
": Siri, find my gracefulness. #awkwardgirlproblems" something you need...
beach date with , HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Creepy guy at library has been sitting outside my study room & staring in the window for at least an hour. Have my back to window.
Think Perk might take a shot at MWP if the teams face off in the semi's?
Yep. Though I feel like my teammates are better and smarter in ME3
Do you love The John Santos Sextet? Come see them live this week in a Master Class and concert! We have what you like this year for
thank you! You guys are great. See you Friday.
A guest experience "goes beyond what's on the menu."-Chris Artinian, CEO of Morton's The Steakhouse
offline for now
Tommy's ex has more to say. Yes, SHE kept going!!! Hear more from his ex-fiancee NEXT! 222-6000
Thanks, Dave!
Just a little note to remind you of how HOT you are! In case you had forgotten. XO
you're a loser .
Interested in the link you mention about more parent reading but it doesn't take me anywhere. Can you send again?
Nothing like mowing the lawn on a warm, sunny afternoon!! Time for iced tea!!
If I can take this opportunity to be a real dick, it's "passed away," not "past away."
tired like shyt
Eeew! Was Janet Davies trying to slip Mark Giangreco the tongue at midnight? Was anyone else a witness to that?
will be back on in a few hours, soon I'll be able to be back on daily again, DM me if you have concern. Good tweeting all, ttyl
it is thanks to you that we got to print them!
Every girl is a freak it just takes the right guy to bring it out of her .
That sounds beyond wonderful :D
Thanks for the follow! We'll be down in Nashville this summer!
Come on #Bulls we need some defense
#ghettotranslations you aint no monster= you are not so big and bad
Wow, I'm so tired but gotta keep on working....ugh
Couldn't find a wall mount bracket for our 32" LCD cause it's "too old". So had to buy a new 32" LED to fit our re-model.
": #Cancer's can be extremely manipulative in getting their own way."yea true at least for me lol
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonite, party tonite
followed, follow back(:
I haz problems
It's a Raghu Rajan kind of day RT : David Brooks and I have written exactly opposite columns today.
Thanks Lindsey! It was nice to see you too!
seriously lacking in that respect. Last hour was too
. Sr Advisor for #Innovation is holding Twitter Q&A on 21st Century Statecraft EST on 1/19 Submit qs to
We are doing check out at the D-Note! What a great night! Come by and listen to CLUSTERFUNK!
Saw his windows & missed paintings! Thanks, found on their site - stunning - the woman cut open, child in someone else's arms...
Whoa... tweets from Applebees and Lindsay Lohan?? Look at Mr. Big Shot over here ; )
Im on da phone
the only familiar word that I can associate with "trill" is Bun B
such a beautiful photo of you!!!
Lol I need to talk to Kincaid about that.
i agree "most" would have been more appropriate
So I'm looking up the school told me about, omg I'm in love....i wanna go there. It's so hdiskxhdksh badass >.<3
i've said that before, but you won't be able to skip them!
more like
If you didn't make it through March without suggesting that something might be the Best (Something) of 2012, you lose.
oh wow. Your gonna kidnap me!!!!
To win your championship in the game of life you must perfect your self by taking the time to pray, meditate and exercise
we can only fit a certain amount of people in a car hahha.
Tear it up dude!
Sometimes I feel like, there is no getting through to you, like you don't appreciate all that I do
MONA ALL ALONG!
I serious what I do ? Just tell me pleasee :P andd why not !
"Americans don't want to struggle, they wanna watch you struggle" Taylor the TV exec on reality TV, via in
Uhm... why was I not invited?
i love you justin you know ? ♥
Annoying my mom is the funniest thing lmfaoo
Once again why Little River UCC would totes be my church, if I weren't a godless heathen.
The Council of Women World Leaders is recruiting SIS & SPA grad students for the 2012 Graduate Leaders Program. Apply today on AU CareerWeb
if you convince your boys, here's the deal: i arrive at 6:40 and they can pick the fine airport dining establishment
Favorite MLB team = Milwaukee Brewers
Hi to our newest followers! #Boston #Volunteer Thank you for following. Pls RT! :)
Consensus: Thrilling and superbly acted, captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, & ambitious scope of its source novel
