These guys make comedy worth while
I be killin all my dress shoes
I've got 99 problems and they're all finals. :/
teen hoot? IM GOING
Thanks Fred! Hope you're well.
Read it. Meh.
oh, nice! i'll check out the schedule. when are you all going? i was hoping to make it sometime next week.
#MyFavoriteMovie toy story!!!
“: Back in the 805 it always feels like home mixing these records!”
On our way to NY for the
Can you recall what you felt when you first saw these #tarot cards in the museum?
Quick visit at a friend's house party, and then home for sit on my own patio and ENJOY!
I Love My Country
SIXFLAGS THIS SATURDAY WHO WANTS TO COME WITH AND I?!?!?!
just did loool
Someone should make my night complete by mentioning me....goodnight or something :-)
look who is back on Twitter!
#bobcostas is right
what the f*** im doing wake up in the morning who the fuck I'mma screwing my partner on brown and you know I'm on white
Compare spelling texts from early 1900's with those today - big difference! Newer texts appear "dumbed" down at least 2-3 grade levels.
The most valuable thing in life is love.
Great Work today he had 4 segments on from the WHCD Lindsey Lohan, POTUS, Martha Stewart and Rick Santorum
AW Rick Santorum dropped out of the #republican race?. Like he had a f*ckkng chance anyway!!!. Its 2012. We use birth control
Time to venture out into the world of Twitter. It seems to be the way the winds are blowing.
Realized I haven't taken a pic of the convention center inside yet. Sort of looks like a ship, imo.
Perhaps today I will manage to get a few more pictures hung, before the schedule overtakes me.
Happy birthday to the best mom in the wolrd!!!!
Over under on number of pitching appearances by position players in that stretch is 3.
Hi guys, check out javier rico, lots of great tracks on their site.
Also got a thank you note from ! Thanks guys!
Tour starts on the 12th, dates posted at: serialhawk.com
If I wanted to compete with Comcast in broadband, I couldn't do it without the city of Philadelphia's help.
Thanks so much for checking out our site. We're here if you have questions :)
Can't wait to start at the library this summer.
"Hello tuck you in every night on the phone. Hello, tuck you in every night."
The present moment is a constant stream, you cannot capture. Watch it happen, experience it and flow with it to the next moment.
The best victory is when the opponent surrenders of its own accord, It is best to win without fighting.
Had a few beers with my protégé tonight. Rehashed some stories I had forgotten.
Listen to and the nigga comes hard on any beat. I'm my top 5 of MC's
Just had a lovely walk through Over the Rhine in Cincinnati. Last time I did this, I dreamed about it for months.
My bro in japan just sent my family a rlly big box stuffed to the brim with japan candy! I dont know japanese, but it looks rlly good!
still looking good for that call. I called 15 originally though, they put up more resistance than I thought they would.
u guys seriously blow up my timeline, whith in a matter of 20 seconds there are already at least 20 new tweets
Come get your cigars at booth 1877! They are going fast #PGAM12 First day
Everything goes by the board: honor, pride, decency to get the book written. William Faulkner
Jimmy Howard answering the bell so far. Now dare I ask if we can see a goal?
I haven't even experienced Flordia yet
Busy morning - homicide in City Heights now a shooting near downtown. We'll keep you posted
I hope that song will be another big hit. Goodluck!!!
Your voice is what MAKES the Clark G video!!! Keep up the good work =)
I'm jealous. Have a good rest of the trip and give me a call when you get back
What the fuck happened to my high metabolism ? I used to eat all I wanted & stay like 60 pounds .
Another day with no cell phone; I think I'm starting to have a disconnect in the world.
Yeah... I spend my days fangirling over & got a problem? Fix it. It's fun. Screaming over sexy/talented guys.
yeah ive noticed and ive been blocked 3 times by girls cause I am a guy
I GOT U HOMEBOI
Just another outlet to express yourself.
can we go get our hurr durd?
meet at tomorrow at 10am? they open tomorrow. Excited! 2051 California. 2 blocks left from train.
Mega million....if you won, wud it change how u approach your game? If so, how?
this weekend we watching a whole load if family guy? ;))))
!!!!!!!!!!! RT : Sexy Dirty Boom NEXT FRIDAY @ Visions with Riel Ent
Worst witnesses on the planet?.... ATTORNEYS. They are-- we both know it. (Engineers a distant second)
RT : Previously, the largest earthquake in DC was a 3.6. This was a 5.8. [ that's 1000 times larger intensity ]
Congrats on the #Castle gig. Love the show & is super lovely. And let's face it, is easy on the eyes.
In my opinion you need a degree in anything you do. Have something to fall back on
Two other trends at #ideaseconomy: disease and terrorism.
don't feel bad for her. My boy Kurt killed it as always
yeah I got it homeboy. Im gon let u kno when its done...
I've lost my desire too. Became so much work
The awkward moment of silence???
I would rather trust a woman's instinct than a man's reason. - Stanley Baldwin
Every year my brother and I wish each other a happy pi day because of an inside joke from middle school. Family is fun like that.
The Burbs in my pants
nice place!
After 2 years in NYC, I noticed my first celebrity on Sunday. I'm annoyed that it wasn't , Emma Thompson, or somebody cool.
Haha! Yes, totally lying.
Chilling with my pillow pet mr. piggles tonight. c:
Did any of our followers see co-founder 's elevator pitch at the Pgh Enterprise Forum tonight??
spend tomorrow packing , ready to head to KC .
Go to skate? Nah, I sat inside today!
thanks for coming by the shop today! Thrash hard!
I'm old and the mirrors don't lie. But crazy has places to hide in, That are deeper than any goodbye ... -Leonard Cohen
Have you started your spring break yet?
Hi Babe! hope you're having a good day! guess I should refer to you as a "lil mom" with the kids you have.
thanks for the follow
If I don't reply to you, then I obviously don't wanna talk to you. Get the fucking hint yet?!?!
great that you are spreading awareness of male breast cancer too. Congrats on being a survivor.
all good homie no worries. I would think that your phone would blow up
Seattle's First Chocolate Tweetup is about to begin! Thank you to everyone who have supported making this event a success!
I can't get you off my mind. <3
who's gone? Dixon?
BURNING THE MOTHER FUCKER DOWN TONIGHT!!!!!! 409 N MARTIN! APARTMENTS ABOVE THE CHUG!!! BE HERE
Someday I wanna be with you forever, but today isn't hat day.
My pleasure and nice to connect with you!
So do we! RT : I love Austin TX!
Headed to the Ted for the braves home opener.
“: I want moes” date night this week
does someone have to kill a congresswoman for you to care about gun control!
What a beautiful Monday! Heading back to Chicago today! Happiness is a week of nothing but the beach pool yoga & the gym!
Thanks for asking, We will be glad to pass along the slides that presenters share with us, so stay tuned!
point proven, when my mom's not home my team always wins.
her insecurities = his jealousy
RT : "While democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude." Alexis de Toqueville
which levitt pavilion? MacArthur Park or Pasadena?
Ha! RT : Cuz said I had on a CUBAN drug lord fit lastnite lol..said I just made a transaction b4 I went into texture lol FUNNY
i'm game!
Well, let's face it...most of the way we (pres, arch, etc.) talk about these & most buildings is inside baseball.
I'm definitely down!
Yeah… living to the point where my body fails me, my mind trapped in a shell, or worse, my mind lost. No thanks…
yes, that's allowed. She actually has talent.
Well gettin on another account cause i love this background but it hurts my eyes :(
Skateboarding is better with Abba
actually an interesting business model for them.
oh really 4 more rebounds I bet you can't get that many over so stfu with yo lil ass
#Assad works w/ #Iran to arm #Hezbollah; harbors #Hamas & PIJ; & u want me to believe he's not a terrorist?
Who let out the Chicken!
Come join me and help Support my boy Steven Deaton Sr up coming Director, Married Men & Single Women Thursday, June 24, 2010 at 7:00pm Hudso
I hate mother's day.some people don't know how to be one.
LOL is this an insult?
I'd be highly surprised if my parents didn't kill me when I got home. Fuck. Oh well, #YOLO , right? Haha
Getting ready for the show tonight! I love my girls!
Yes, we liked it! But I could not find on your feed. Thank you for resending. #welikeyoualready ;)
Commuters on the Northstar rail line should add 30 minutes to your ride to work. There's a problem with the tracks at the Fridley station.
THANK FOR THE LOVE ACE
Adaptive/mobile content must be governed and structured in order to succeed. - RT
LIVE @ The Epicentre in San Diego, CA THIS SATURDAY!! 7pm see you there ;)
yeah true. I'm curious as to how many of these people have actually studied these prospects in the past
At the beautyshop tired as hell
I don't think that technically counts as "advice."
#WeWontWork if you don't like tattoos.
All of a sudden, it's 2:30 am.
sad panda.. about mca.. damn..
w/e
Hello twitter world how yall doing
great swim today (but I should have done the math ahead of time) a measly 5 laps short of a mile... #nexttime!!!
Had an awesome week so far
It Was Real Hard At First, And Its Still Hard. But It's So Nice Having Somebody To Call Your Own. I Love My Son Very Much <3
(20th anniversary of my 10th birthday, maybe)
that is a sweet picture!
we are almost to 1,700 facebook likes and we are SO smitten!! xo
I love the new twitter layout. It gives me inspiration to tweet again.
It's crowded at the bottom, but it's lonely at the top.... #PG Management
not that idiot again!
Good night lol
nice move volunteering your neighbor/coworker. Would you like to try and grab lunch together today?
Thanks for following. I will come back and read frequently
RT Duh! MNY w Amy Rabin in Miami Beach! RT Happy Monday! Retweet this if you are ready to get back to the mat
it's really great, you should track it on tumblr (:
Um u missed the "debation" part...debation is not a word! Smh!
My hometown had 80% vote for Amendment 1.
We're just Mahomies & Acons who just support the most beautiful boys on earth <3 -Ally
Sucessful golfers make miraculous golf shots via help from invisible otherworlders that love them and golf.
don't let the bad vibes trample you -- keep being amazing and doing your thing!!! hugs!!
I just got an STD on fable..
please come before 10 it will be free
Going to see my grandparents tomorrow. I feel like my entire family are strangers
Looks like you guys have been having FAR too much fun!!
Not sure what's worse: eating with your mouth open or chewing gum with it open. The sights and sounds are unnecessary.
yep,.... it will do just fine!!11
I tried the Giggle/Hair Flip; I almost got fired.
Happy Christmas Day wishes to all! ♥
Haha. Ok. I'll be there in a bit.
I lay - lay back, cognac And I dont even drink like that, I sell crack
This is my first #writersroad. Any hints I should have ahead of time? ;)
is my Official and Verified account
Please tell how I can find out more.
Congratulations to for being named one of ' 15-to-Watch for 2011!
What was your take on the truck race and how POed is ?!
cool! checking it out now, haven't seen this one yet
Saddle up for our featured Thanksgiving Pizza: Garlic Sauce, Turkey, Mashed Potatoes, Green Beans, Stuffing & French Onions!
That's great advice. Thanks Luke!
A week ago today I had the Best Night of my Life with Thanks , and ! #inyourhands ROCK!
My mommy made popcorn on the stove
Getting ready to do some cleaning. It's Wednesday, but seems like Saturday.
I'm tweeting 10 Mile times for Katie Nguyen in real time on race day. Powered by Xact.
You probably get sick of songwriters using your name but have you heard "Chorine My Sheba Queen"?
Where is the blood evidence??? Haven't Seen any !
I don't think you NEED one, but I just think it'd be cute
-___- Fuck off! :p (not legit bro I wasn't being serious!!!!)
We're exactly one month away from Minerva Music Festival. Which of our Memphis folks can we expect to see there?
Gabi dancing God , woo Go Gabi .
I AM SO UPSET.
Got a USC Spring Workout sticker for my ID so I can pretend to be into fitness.
Back and forth betw poetry and graphic design. One day I'll be able to do both at the same time and make money too.
true, true. But how do you think I should tell one of them I don't want the job? :o
Which is ironic since *we* choose what to confer prestige upon.
Somewhere Helen Lovejoy is shrieking, "WON'T SOMEONE PLEASE THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!?"
A prudent question is one half of wisdom. —-Francis Bacon
No kidding. Please make it stop.
: Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 8
Mini victory: Android Instagramers now have tilt shift.
GREAT GOAL, HAVLAT!
i will not buy diablo3. i will not buy diablo3. i will not buy diablo3. i will not buy diablo3. i will not buy diablo3.
love love love love love
she said she's working so idk who can take mwah there
Our new Naz Kupelian "Switch It" Hairspray has arrived. A versatile hairspray w/ - low, medium & high settings $12.95.
The event is a one-timer, but we would love to have return for more #UX workshops. I think their Jan+Feb are TBA
The English dept. wants me to promote the major this week in lit classes. As it happens: "Idea of a University" & "Literature and Science"
not for this.
I went ice skating and now i am in pain
IM GONNA GO BACK TO BED AND CRY MYSELF TO SLEEP OKAY. MY LIFE WILL BE DEPRESSING UNTIL I HAVE UVIP IN MY HAND
"...they never brought a baby to a nunnery.//according to Shakespeare in Hamlet, a nunnery has a VERY different definition....
damn that nap really did me well. :)
103-95 with Bombers up - few seconds left. Last jam of the game!!!
Rain is beginning to move into Milwaukee County. The severe threat is gone, but still some heavy rain out there.
Night off, How nice. Not really. i think i'll just stay home.
#ThingsIDislike When a dudee only talk to you to fuck
T-Birds in Paris RT : no grease in the wild
When you accidentally like something on Facebook <<
I kind of felt it cause you asked for a paper lol
No, but it is OPENING DAY at Busch!
Planning a bday surprise for my boo (;
what the fuck u think I'm trying to do lol
And the Winner of Our Extreme Summer Makeover is Jan Kaufman!!! CONGRATULATIONS from The M Salon Team...
Goodmorning!! Have a great day!
For those interested in the Queen Diva Models model search IM me for more details
In the D, our mayor wanna close recreational centers, governor wanna build a $14 mill bridge with our $, n republicans want Obama out. Crazy
no, youtube didn't recommend that one
Fwy in both directions absolutely silent. Eerie!!
No, Twitter recommendations: Bank of America is not similar to NPR.
waitin on ya music bro
I feel like i cant breathe, D:
Easter is such a bad day.. Eating candy for breakfast? Never again..
#IfAliensAttack, I shall persuade them with the sounds of electronic music!! #peacelovemusic :)))
Fun day at the zoo (:
AntiChrist...yes. I know its not the same but I never got to go in the 90's, Jeordie White(Twiggy) is back. Had to. Was great.
Welcome to the new twitter account of WisconsinEminentDomain.com! Your most up-to-date source for WI eminent domain and condemnation law.
Have a great time James! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
I have the honor of working with scott graham & john thompson on tonight's westwood one broadcast of the #CAA championship game.
UNFOLLOW ME is just one of the
hahaha. I have the same tweet. :)
I'll mud wrestle! #AnythingToBeShirtless #Shameless RT : Oh boy. Now we'll have to do a mud wrestling match for charity....lol
Rest In Peace Dick Clark. New Year's Eve will never be the same...
Who won the Mizzou and Kansas game?
how hot does it get in England? 80's in mid summer?
iSwear iSmoke to Much weed, iJust can't remember things anymore XD
I wonder if #oomf ever misses me as much as I miss them.
You happy with all this? I know there your boys just wondering how you feel!
I was right there w/you Mack!
hm more push ups!!!
Diet doesn't mean healthy! RT : People who drank one diet soda per day were 44% more likely to have a heart attack or stroke.
Trent Green and Richard Baldinger live on with their breakdown of the #Chiefs 11th pick.
I feel so fat now I ate so much lol but I'm fat and happy
aww thank you so much!! :)
I need to really think of what I want my nxt tatt to be...hm
I took my little pug aj to get neutered today :( I have to pick him up at 4. I miss him <3
#shoutout for the follow. Followed back.
Watching Diary of a Wimpy Kid..... Yup!! I have no life... -_-
Wonderful to have you here--thanks so much for the Sunday Supper photo.
Why is this old turd on the bus telling me about his daughters? I don't give a fuckkkkk.
you're going to get married at a spencers when you're older..
thumb direction.
That sucks! Big fan of the show and the cast is amazing. Thanks for taking the time to do the show.
Goodness! We're blushing. RT : Check out chatting #cybermonday on ( too at ):...
if i don't marry justin bieber or miley cyrus i seriously don't know what i will do with my life
Oh, Yeah! RT : “The only thing that has to be finished by next Tuesday is next Monday.” Jennifer Yane
Nice respite this weekend from auditions. Today Emma has an appointment with Colleen Cler for print representation.
Just posted new painting "Rose Baby" on Facebook and www.peggyguichu.com
Welcome to the capital of Cascadia!
Both of these dudes got a chin! Good fight!
Are you driving from #rke to #rva Sunday 6/19 and want an expense-sharing passenger? If so, please DM me.
Go see your local musicians in concert! Buy their music! Extend their creativity!
Its 's birthday today!!!!!!!!!! :) :) :) Happy Birthday, hope you have the best day ever!
What the fuck. Why does my left eye keep watering?
Driving school has limited my tweeting time
haha Thanks for listening!
keep doing ya numbers boi! You got some heaters on ya site for real!
": Not everyone is going to stay relevant in my life..because people change and feelings change........"
This shows how new I am to Tweeting: I looked for the "like" button for this tweet. Anyway, I love days like that too!
Where have u been?
I'm sleeply but I loved that episode it also taught me that boys are pigs lol
I think that I am going to save the picture of President Bush on my desktop. The one where he seems to ask, 'miss me yet?' We do sir.
Hiring #Controls #Engineer 4 Robotic Co in MI. Send resumes to or call 734-261-9472.
Almost time to start planning those Super Bowl parties! Pick up some of our BBQ to make it a day to remember!
#fangirling over why does he have to be so cute?! ☺
recoding variables - it's a continuation & progress
lol yea I you wanna be more precise!
Remind me. Which lesson has eating stinky bean and durian?
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was so lost didn't understand it
If pairing with caps lock set "normally" I have to remove the key or I look like I'm typing while having a seizure.
What's with the "starving..." Were you going to finish your thought, or were you too busy being a smug asshole?
happy 6th birthday to Kage (tomorrow)!
Thanks! Will do! :-)
homemade chicken parm >>>
Dear , I pinned a few things tonight. Just for you.
Super dinnertime discussion about social media while in Berlin tonight. Looking forward to more at tomorrow!
no not anymore , btw my bad i answered so late i just got on
It is! I'll send you an ARC
I sent off my final payment on the Camry today...and my check engine light came on. Today. Wth???
Why did this full-spandex cyclist just ride by on a Pinarello with no saddle? Did he lose a bet or something?
So far so good! Still getting settled in and up to sped on the many exciting projects that are about to begin.
If my teeth could talk, they would be screaming right now.
I agree! Come back! We loved seeing you at Mova...
WOW!!! It's warmed up to +18.
RT : and how far we've come from Congress singing "God Bless America" on the Capitol steps to heckling the president on the floor
There was a time in my life, I felt that whatever mistakes I made, I would get through them. I was a child then, now I'm an adult.
Lainey Battles Thank you for the like
One week LA,Chicago,NY,ATL next week Vegas,Ind,Ark,NJ much easier on everybody
We talked and drank and danced and said goodbye, we laughed until we cried
Everyone Can't Be A Priority .
Going to go rip the plastic off my dry cleaned dresses right after this! No mold for me!
Happy 100th Birthday, Oreo!!
hi! Got a suggested reading on "vanity education" ??? Or a metric that is useful for sorting programs/degrees?
Baby step under my umbrella, we'll make it through any weather Except when I make it storm, Sex in the greatest form
Playing casa del mar in Santa Monica with amazing soul singer, Terron Brooks, and my main man Rob Perkins on drums. 7pm.
At this store in Raytwn & this chick got on USPA sandals -_-
"Where's my dad going?" "You don't have a dad. You have a f___ing sperm donor." Like who says that to their child? Whatever, cops are here.
RT : " Strong to possibly damaging winds today much of #NM. If you see a downed power line stay away & call us ASAP...
seriously! what the hell. I really wanted to see them
I am in LOVE w/ what Robin R is wearing today!- Gorgeous!
not yet, but almost!!!
On my last beer...couldn't be more sad
I'm on a boat.
i really wanted wisconsin to win.
that's the only way I know😏
Watch me rap "How Low" by Ludacris & get all awkward around the boyz....HAHAHAHAHA. that sounds like fun actually.
saw that this morning. Be my date?
Hope ya'll had a real nice christmas. Quiet week in the office here... Getting all of the little duckies in order for 2012...
Just biked 8 miles in 35 minutes & now my legs feel like spaghetti noodles
"Concentrate all your thoughts on the task at hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to focus." -Alexander Graham Bell
At one of the greatest places on earth... The Tillamook Cheese factory! It's the disneyland of cheese.
Michio Kaku (sp) co-inventor of quantum string theory is on coast to coast talking about physics of the future. i love coast to coast.
Intelligence is not a science.
talking to my ex. he wants to fuck me. he has a big dick, too bad he never did
Service industry night tonight! Come in with your uniform/apron and get $2 Miller High Life bottles and $2.50 shots of Jamesons.
I saw the new one today at Macy's and coveted. ;) I think it might be too big for my kitchen counter though...
Don't forget to follow ! If they reach 5K followers tomorrow, they'll donate $5K to the street kids program in Rwanda!!!
lol truth hurt sometimes
I switched on the #autopilot and will coast the rest of the day.
Where and when are Saturday's semi-finals?
Thanks to my cohost as well as all who attended the first TypeCast Webinar. FREE OnDemand coming soon.
did someone steal 's account?
I need a Disney expert! Is Pocahontas or Pinocchio coming out on DVD anytime soon?
Ask a girl if you can give her 10 things that will change her life for the better forever. If she says yes, give her your phone number.
Watch your shadow fade.
Same here (with literary criticism). I keep trying, but usually end up ordering the hardcopy book anyway.
Maybe u didnt get the memo. I dont allow peeps to run me over.
Not sure if I want to default to AdMo or hit up Barrack's Row.
already another surprise planned - brunch. We'll do donuts another day.
new menu, new chef, new attitude! Excited for change.
yeah i think were trying to go to some place that has dollar beer from like 4-6
usually weekends. I can't drink during the week like I used to LOL
Are you thinking of getting another tattoo? Upload a photo if you'd like.
Oh my gosh united make up your mind... I was not on the plane then in 29F and then off. Hope my bag makes it to DC and into my hands...
Coffee...thank you :)
How are the #smarties doing? (: ~K
Next show in April. Stay tuned for details!
Hate forgetting to shave -_-
Do a search on and watch the timeline shit is funny.
wholeheartedly miss your vids amigo. #basilhelpedmequit :)
Some people say why u give that man a dollar he needs help & if he dont God will deal with him im glad i could help
Yes we are and I look forward to it - thanks!
Sorry for the late reply - small world indeed! Hope you're doing well.
damn. crazy.
they deserved to win at the #KCA's
Rebuilding a program is not easy, we need all Bison on deck
Ah! Twitter change
Should the #Badgers offer Roback, he'd be the third uncommited 2013 QB with a UW offer (joining NJ's Kevin Olsen and CA's Troy Williams)
building 2 houses next week. Welcome to Apple Valley Youth group from MN!
what about em?
I could really use that stress mgmt. for parent. I have 3 yr old who is at full tantrum stage.
Everyone needs love :*
there is an illegal immigration problem in the usa that is interfering with our foreign policy..
Let's get sexy
#3WordsForYou I love you :D
R u kidding me....Marcum!!!! Grand slam....now those r fireworks on the 4th!
I hate to spoil it for you if you aren't watching right now, but Principal Belding is on
only three more weeks, right?
glad you guys made it back safe!!
Follow for a SHOUT OUT. Tweet 'done' when you do.
Yes nothing big!
As long DEr gone be Sum Chocolate dur haha
Appropo for twitter! RT : your quiet o'erposting that action.
Study. Workout. Work. Study.
Amy Whinehouse died. All my prayers go to her family
Wow we have ourselves a game here...Denver looks really focused right now
Single white female..addicted to retail.
6'4" dark haired men who are good with their hands.
totally! Thanks for the invite, I will def arrange to stop by very soon.
Finally could post videos on youtube
"A life is never ended until all the lives it has touched have ended too." Chinese Proverb. Know the influence you have and #workfaithfully!
Late night jam sesh with strangers = win
Twitter Tip: Always begin a Tweet with something besides @ username if you want your followers and their followers to see it.
Tonight's #30Rock was brilliant.
I'm up getting ready to watch announce the CMT Award nominees on !
We will, thanks! :)
I'm pulling for you to win the starting job in Denver all the way from Madison, Wisconsin. GB²
He's the anti-Gerald Green. MT : Avery Bradley has excelled this season at playing without the ball.
ah... i thought it was some kind of musical instrument... could it be used as one, in a pinch?
m unexpected projectile baby vomit. an inauspicious start to a twitter career, no doubt.
Sold out. Shoot
But does anyone know a good theme for tumblr guisee?
it's me Vance mi love!
aw no biggie. just feeling like MEH. all day! time to kick out the jams.
MAYHEM IN KC
My confidence and creativity wax and wanes as i discover that someone else thought of the word "Rasterbation" before i did.
what's wrong with your legs?
#kids Three Rivers Ringers "An American Adventure": Three Rivers Ringers "An American Adventure" Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 4:00 PM Beulah...
Studying topic shifts can not only tell us about topics, but also about speakers - how often do they change topics?
DEATH METAL.
dont watch me.
he said that isn't recommended though. It means you can start the car in gear.
Would u be willing to check out www.myLIFEspeaks.com & tell us how we can get u to visit our campus I Haiti?
Thanks! Look forward to learning more.
Camp Bow Wow for "Best of the City" contest from ABQ Mag! Click Best of the City. Best Category We Left Out,on gray line,Camp Bow Wow.THX!
Neil Howe says cusper Xer/Millennial "nomads" are future leaders who can inspire both gens ...Abe Lincoln was a nomad. Go us!
Thanks for the follow if you need a comedian,DJ,emcee or wedding officiant for any events hit me up
Omg killing it on stage and looking super hot :D ;)
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: a daughter doesn't understand that her father does want to play with her, an explanation on loan sharks
One is never more on trial than in the moment of excessive good fortune. ~ Lew Wallace
Greetings! Just a reminder of our next make-up class on Dec 16th. Get those tips on Day to Night looks!
Why am I craving mexican food at 9:30 in the morning??????
Chris Long has one.. you can ask him.
OK, I'll tweet it. Who IS Keyser Söze?
I hate the beach water
#WeWontWorkOutIf: Your not a country boy
This chemistry homework is killing me!
it should be a grt time. some issues that need to be discussed
Agreed. But they should from a time preferential advantage w/production, not gov't imposed monopoly over reproduction
"There’s a little bit of devil in her angel eyes. She’s a little bit of heaven with a wild side. Got a rebel heart a country mile wide."
#churchplanters The team you surround yourself with will either kill the vision or bring it to life. Get rid of the dead weight quickly!
AOS: I miss anything while I spent most of the day at a Convent with my family? (stop laughing...I was there and did not burst into flames)
Absolutely. A lot of students at Augie know about Kronum?
thanks dude some of it is kinda sloppy but I don't even care hehe
hey you east siders! Stop saying who won/lost a grammy! Psh ruining it for the rest of us..
Wordpress session. Key to blogging: per Dustin: spend 3x as much time promoting posts as writing #ICSF (via )
hey cuz how r the girls how r u doing
you and zayn look too cute! haha
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Valentines Day is mostly about loving-kindness towards anyone and everyone. Love is a miracle.
Thank you! Hope it was as enjoyable to listen to as it was to record.
yo are you home? Ballin at highland soon??
is a riot this morning in the "race" car! She's having small talk while driving and the instructor's like, "GO FASTER!"
Finalizing Business Plan! You should be able to purchase Love Crunch bars sooner than you think!
just asking
lol I'm still gonna try 2 go. I'ma just have 2 take a nap 1st
Three new Zip Line Tours add to Idaho Adventures
Yeah, but I work at 4 today. I'm off tomorrow and Tuesday. Planning on seeing it one of those days.
#Jimmyjohns never fails to satisfy
OKAY IM DONE. seriously. fuck it. bye. have fun
Chicagoland school administrator resigns over text messages
If I'm looking for a job as a building planner does Tiny Tower count as experience?
I owe you an email.
I have way too many things due next week. Why?!
No problem! Please let us know if you have any questions. The historic tax credit is great for many kinds of projects.
Benoit will only be considered if Antoine Carr doesn't accept it!
wow that's in like 20 days we need a master plan.
because she's not just the cute & adorable lil ms maddie ne more
#EDSHOW Every time I see Donald Trump I seriously want to punch myself in the face.
Girl I'mnot gone break your party heart.
Re: The entrepreneurial experience helps either way; win/loss agreed. It's been an uneven road for me but the learning - priceless
Oh snap! I'll call you later. Would love to see you guys tomorrow might!
Who says you have to stick to writing one genre of music? Spice it up! Keep it interesting.
keep doin it big at school,you are very talented.
Can someone explain why people include useless details on their about me? Example: "Zayn tweeted me on 1/12/12!" No one cares ...
awww yea well email me if u still want one, maybe will work something out!
Baby, baby, baby, when all your love is gone who will save me from all I'm up against out in this world?
It was worth it..
Just stopped home before the show. Heard a "Let's Go Pens" chant coming from the school bus dropping off the neighbor kid.
#Malkin score!
Catch a sneak preview of the Celebration Gospel Festival tomorrow from 8-9am on channel 8!
God restores the broken through Christian Rehab Centers
i wanna be a lawer and it has a law program
she is about to get knocked up :/
you say you getting money mane , we ain't sen nothing !
but not nearly sexy enough :P
The Ladies of the house are going nuts voting for their "The Voice" favorites. It's Jermaine and Chris in a photo finish here
I fucking love you
lol I made one along time ago |jmk
princeton is kissing me and hiss tongue is going down your throat It goes too far You princeton I think.BARFS IN HIS MOUTH You Reaction
best part of that interview was yelling at the end"tell sean we think he is cool!" are you in high school??
Thanks :) RT : So i just watched your videos and you're hilarious , you cuss alot but i fucking love it. lmao
Back from warm and lovely thanksgiving with and in LA. Good friends make life great!
Is it really necessary to x-ray kid's teeth every 6 months? Seems redundant...
wake up sleepy head(:!!
more than words???
3PT shooting % because of shot selection or poor shooting in general?
knowing him he'll just wanna perform all the new ones :/ But wow, what are the chances of getting that "backyard code" lol.
Let's do it together!!! Hugs and high 5!!
Thank you! They call me The Suit around these parts.
asdfghjkl;!! He's following me!!!(:
Come on out to our balloon spiraling event tomorrow! Fun starts @ 10:30am w/Fractal expert Jonathan Wolfe!
of course you would drop a Luda reference in your anniversary post. Amazing. Happy bday to BBJ Amber!!
string quartet at the women's club
No it's not. How often have you been out for Relays and there was a fight in the bar?? Almost never. Way worse for Rot Rally.
is thinking Zulu Male Ensemble, Kumbuka African Dance, Bruce Hornsby, Mystikal, and Ziggy Marley. I will be bouncing at Mystikal.
to the random chick in the avi, when u awake. Good Morning Haha😊
this has been a great ass day wth an unhappy ending !
Be back in a while
Yay i love fridays!!!
ehyy hey'hey ! good evening . hehehk ^^
when get out i want you to have classic hard beat for him and to spit on how about it?
Adri played some ghetto song & then turns to me & goes i ripped my pants. Gets up to show me and hit her leg on the table
Bill Self for President!
#ThatAwkwardMoment When is starring at me then says....O_O "I love your eyelashes" hahah!
I have money but I'm so broke...
He is probably the best Candidate since Thomas Jefferson. Smart lady
Some good Seattle tweeps for #FF: , , , ,
awww! Without you guys and those nachos who knows how I would have survived
#truthis I had straight A's my senior year with AP Bio and AP English.. #gotmybookon #neverstudied until the night before exams lol..
I feel bad aw
follow me cause i'm fucking amazing
Don't spell Yogurt Yoghurt, I'll pronounce it Yog-Hurt ya doofus.
On their Bday?
WCCF is in Houston learning about smart social media policy with Packard Foundation and others
I think it's high time we restart the honored tradition of hard drinkin' Fridays.
get yer mother a card 4 mothers day. one w/a dog on it. so she knows it's from u.
what are your thoughts on the texans trying out veteran qb Jeff Garcia
Loyola baby!!!": Love coming downtown <3 definitely living here when im older(:"
lolol that's awesome :')
Realized that class started ten minutes earlier than I thought. Yup, definitely in
“: tonight at City Tavern in Dallas. Show starts at 9! Good music, cold beer, and good food!” see you there!!
yeah just follow me I'll follow you back
congrats! Welcome to the club. Great addition to the Bayview.
Pleasure is all mine!
for a moment not follow, because I have some personal issues :)♥ ILY
Everyone welcome to twitter! He is a good friend of mine and a great person to know in the World of Sports.
It's also international fees and only if you are vodaphone and another british network, weak sauce
If the GOP wins in 2012 ratings will soar at MSNBC as they did at FOX when Obama won. If GOP wins so does MSNBC/GE. You lose. Think about it
Many Christians leaving Kano and 'that's troubling for many people here' via Ofeibea Quirst Arcton
oh. I don't know if I know that well enough!
Coming up on 9News 6am...We're talking about underwear that sing.... And no, I'm not kidding.
Yeah, that fisheye lens is not flattering..
Passing out credentials and waiting for to get here. haha
Happy Birthday Alex!!!!!xD
Q: How do bass players exercise on the beach? A: By sucking in their stomachs every time they see a bikini. www.Distrophonix.com
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 63
I'm my experience, educators share that info with each other but not curators. Not sure why.
glad we ran into each other! Keep cranking.
Bank blocked my dues payment for the American Library Association b/c it was suspicious. Time to hide the money under da pillow!
Aw, very cool, thanks :)
why? You need your rest.
Archives is easy. Writing session proposals is hard.
thanks...and yes I have a lot more slaps!
Goldie - what do we have to do for the Sun Sentinel? They ridiculously buried this great win on page 6 this morn. So wrong!
Counting down the days till SUMMER BREAK!!!
do you know what time the fireworks start before the game?
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily H
Michigan versus Ohio. Which one?
Ah the little things... Relaxing watching some Badger bball after a couple of productive days off work!
I wanna live in quincy :(
maybe I'm tired of all the cheese.
drop chems not bombs
Submit your winning images of the U.S. for a chance to win Blanton Membership! Email them to sat15lop+.com by 5/11!
nothing better than #traderjoes wine & tomato-less salsa and !
No, that's to graduate on time, unfortunately. And that's after I took 18 most semesters at GB. Transferring can kinda suck
we have Reps too! People want problem solvers, not strict partisans.
So how y'all Laker fans feeling right now. Pins n Needles
1 800 I get it in
For Real!! Do not like him at all. You think he get voted off this week????
Just gettin off #mallflow T.G.I.F
Madonna isn't even trying to hide the fact that she's lip syncing.
Austin, TX -- for location, which promises 169 start-ups. The first page is fine, but it has only 16 profiles.
Happy Belated New Years Tweeps! What did you do this New Year's Eve?
thank-you ,appreciate it:)
Thanks for hosting a great forum on social media in journalism/pr
*Wave back* hey!
Hey smoker! yeah u, the self-centered smoking asshole. believe it or not ur cigarette butts are indeed trash, and that's littering.
Thank you so much for the mention!
i have a ton to read. and we will be doing it differently in a minute and I'm about to tweet. please be patient! thanks:)
haha thank you...posting 6 now. your in this part!
Orioles will make the wild-card playoffs.....I'm dead serious..Zach Britton getting healthy..Machado and Bundy coming soon. BROB return?
Dude. Jealous.
You know you link to Tracey Flick twice in your Reese Witherspoon post?
Time to get back in with >>> Definitely inspired:)!
I've never hated doing taxes as much as I do now that I have home owner crap to include :-/
Come out for our #FirstFridays! Food, music, entertainment and GREAT HAIR SERVICES! Make an appt. now during #happyhour! 510-832-1100
Wanna jolt.. Read Jack Ketchum's The Girls next door. True Horror. Makes u wonder if evil is contagious?
its 3 in the morning, and i can't sleep!
Hi Colin - thanks for following us
Thanks a ton Chris. I'm glad you liked it!
climbing trees.
So far I have to say this is MY FAVORITE show of the year. yeah #uppers Panel looks/sounds light and youre a blast to watch
Did I seriously just miss a pre-sale......ERGH!!! 10am Friday can not get here fast enough!!
hi Bette!! Nothing else, just HI!!!!
only a ten sec difference! There is a previous tweet i made and if you can find and if you RT it you can win a kit too!
I have a paper due in the morning :( wahh
In six months, digital pub meetings have gone from an hour a week of my time to 3-5 hours a day. I guess times have changed.
Chants to recall Walker erupt during every break between speakers and whenever Walker's name is brought up
only you in my mind
Why I'm tweeting about Ian MacKaye a day late: I took his advice and stayed present in the moment. And enjoyed the experience.
I'm on my cell,no home internet other then my phone :'(
feature request for : auto-add people to orgs if they register with the domain linked to that org. manually adding is mad annoying
Caramel Mocchiotto....I guess that's how you spell it. haha
August 2nd I will be djing at Artifice @ 1130pm. Straight ghetto Chicago house. Prepare to heat"motherfucker" a lot.
Voted to do the night driving later if we dont stop... Yes have the girl that cant see anything while its light out drive
ehhh mayb but I don't think we are going to switch
Ha! By the way I enjoyed Rushdie's book.
There is no way the world is going to end in 2012. We haven't even invented warp drive yet!
I want to be a part of it!
Stop acting like that. Fr
giving my baby boys baths, reading them stories and then its a re-run of MAD MEN-love that show
But which chick?
I gotta get this straight.
Answering the question of the month to all my new Twitter followers - Yes it's my real name. =D
Toledo... Seriously..
Now that's an awesome bday extravaganza!
My headphones came out.
#DaveMatthewsBand will be performing at Nationals Park July 23rd! Get your #tickets early!
When the hell did this hoe said we have a quiz today?
Just seen a commercial for a website that lets u promo events by zip code & mail it out. Mixo is about to go ham
when u get time hmu bro
We are open Monday 12:30 to 6 pm. Thank you for your business.
is 2nd Lf all text? or is it voice chat too?
Lol I know you never wanted Dwight but at one point my TL was on fire with trade Amare and Tyson for Dwight.
Just going to point that that one particular new guy looks like is some good eatin' lol.
At visa! Ready to watch and Nathan:)
'Model food' is really not that bad once you get used to it... ;-) Hey it's healthy!
what is there to understand XD
Doin some R&D
yeah(: can I add you on bbm?
bout to play Madden '09 wit my son.
the black guys like al green and teddy P? ;)
who's Djing/ whats the deal? sounds fun......
Lucky you! I've been trying to do the same for a while.
You know its gettin real when your latest nights are your greatest nights
Hey Gret to meet a fellow screenwriter! Working on anything right now? Hope writing is going well!!
Blow drying my hair & tweeting simultaneously.
I lived fine before you but now why can't I live without you.
The thing about not being an especially picky eater is you forget your luck til you try to feed another kid who Totally is.
so many baby centipedes. everywhere.
Omg it is too Damn hot outside. :( Florida is wack right now.
☺-girls just wanna have
Met with the this morning about the Keep it Moving Program - #monument10k #homeless training team.
of course if you called! And whens your prom??
My throat still hurts from screaming at that gameshow :/
Nigga will fuck with a pitbull with a wig on! You niggas is crazy! # Baleedat
I think I'm hungover? Still not sure, but I'll keep you updated.
watching some romeo+juliet...
Totally confused...whether to love the wrong person or to forget i ever met you...P.S. I CANT FORGET YOU
I thought that was extremeley exciting. Many thanks for your unusual details. I'll maintain using this.
That Awkward Moment When You Call Somebody & Start Talking........... Only 2 Realize Its The Voice Mail! LOL ((I Always Fall For It))
#I<3Myself Do you love yourself?
thank u everyone
Thanks for the heads-up. Planning to mention DMPTool next week in an SRA presentation: is coalition taking new members?
Agreed. RT "You can't just DO a blog; you got to LOVE blogging." - , on the subject of ad agency blogging
Wow. So glad I watched that game instead of cleaning my bathroom.
...Followed by 50+ min of jump roping!Didn't do my planks though.Gonna do 'em today though.What'd you to upgrade your fitness lvl yesterday?
And I, good lady, like them extra dry, hold the fruit. Cheers! :D
Hahah, that's okay :)
thank you sir. See you at #paycon!
Who is Jason Marquis? He wouldnt pull his BABY antics over in the #Orioles dugout .... bet on that !!!!
Nice! RDFa going live on public website sometime soon?
Watching the kids' choice award for (:
sennie said its fine. And she said you better not call out or anything. You need to show up because its going to be both of
Please do not mock the chicken leg. Nor the turkey mini corn dogs.
Can't accelerate calendar of inertia change --
thank you for being brave enough to share your fight with us. We've been here rooting for you since day one.
I love the Insanity workout. Very intense. Hurt my shoulder. :( Go For It!
Promise to always give you me, the real me ~
I see that you've considered what we spoke about yesterday.
The accident in the Battery Street Tunnel has been cleared. All lanes are back open.
LOVE new song, 'We R Who We R'! Go get it!
I know the first draft of every screenplay sucks but I'm ready for rewrite and awsomeness!!!
NF the rapper that randomly started rapping near her house in humboldt park
Hey, daya! Hoping you see this tweet... retweet/reply plz.
"They gon love me for my Ambition"... -Wale
not a good sign for the future of the planet! Hopefully by raising awareness we can start heading in the other direction.
it was great to see you last night for the CTD film opening night! Miss you all!
White girl.
Attention! Attention! My former afternoon drive partner is now on Twitter
The game would be over by now and we would be in the lead if was on the court
why do people pretend like nothin is wrong when something clearly is bothering them? i'm not a fucking mind reader, just say it.
In honor of the Rangers Home Opener-- Texas Rangers Gelato is back! Go Rangers!
yup comes out today!
Glad you guys are okay.
"Treat other people exactly as you would like to be treated by them, for this is the essence of all true religion." - Jesus of Nazareth
I have seen about 50 pictures if rainbows on instagram!!
Screw gravity
Knowledge is power
i am new here
Women who say "I don't need a man" will be pissed when we start packing tampons in tightly sealed jars.
derrick rose took a beating his first few yrs in the #nba and he paying for it now. just rest em till playoffs!
what's wrong. Don't worry be happy
keep crushing stud! Thinking about you and pulling for you daily bro!
is it true that only 100 fans meet bvb @ wt cuz I'm pretty pissed about it >:( fuck some security!Meet&greets used 2b so chill :(
“: life is short & so is your penis” preach
Im up... i might knock out in a few
#unreal I'm mowing the air Rand I'm mowing the air
Shocked!! ...NOT "RT : RT Via , some members of #Jaguars org. believe Henne will beat out Gabbert”
5/8 "to acknowledge that they ever took place." This excerpt delighted me b/c it is the precise sentiment expressed by Chris Lehmann
Whats Havoc Saying Everyone? Someone fill Me In!
so funny... After its over I'm heading to walmart... Hm...
That moment when your phone vibrates and it's not the person you wish it was
Shaviro on panpsychism: Everything in the universe both public and private, exterior and interior. Science denies interiority.
standard? basic?
NWS: Blue Earth, Brown, Martin, Watonwan residents advised to be alert for possible warnings until 3:30pm.
I hate to inform you, but you can't look at the world through a mirror.
#17bella What was you're first initial reaction when you find out you were going to play cece jones ?
"Focus is great but you gotta live and love too..."
Lordy that 6:30AM run was brutal but much needed! Ready 2 start fresh hitting the rd for Derby Glam time!
great to follow you. For web designing, is there any specific ecommerce system you're referring your clients to?
Not having the game on TV is a disgrace. . . Nice middle finger to your fans.
stupid people really really really really frustrate me.
More knowledge...
The simplicity of the preparation yields the complexity of the result.
Biology but I'm also really interested in Journalism
11:30 pm, and it suddenly seems like a great time to vacuum. Which is weird, considering how much i hate vacuuming and love sleep
Jon Moulton wowing the crowd VC in Europe small and shrinking, with CVC a significant and growing part - acct for 50% of $$$?
my substitute is dressed like it's 2002
Hosting in Buffalo today. Good to have you here in real life...
#maythe4thbewithyou sorry I am a day late !!!!!!!!!
Are three year olds contractually obligated to adore Thomas the Tank Engine? My nephew will recite entire episodes without the TV on...
Wishing everyone safe travels this weekend with all the winter weather rolling in!
Fly over and be with us. :)
Tks for the s/o!RT :#TT shouts #winning everyday for their clients in #freight +
Nominee Berenice Bejo (The Artist) on the RC, who's roothing for her?
What a cutie!
Then how did they turn it around?
It was great to see you again, you did a terrific job!! keep up the amazing work n we'll all eat soon!
yep exactly. I was on Clevelands side
couldnt agree more
inspires me in weird ways.
Submit your poems today to the new SLAM! National Newsletter! . Deadline is August 31, 2011.
IMO, for it to be on track for 13. We need 4 new SP's. Won't happen. We can not go into next season with anyone but Chen.
We are excited to be partnering with for the ‘Treats & Beats’ bridal event. Swing by to sample bites from 1-4pm
RT : Q3) What are YOU doing to prepare for changes in your own role - e.g. new skills?
open school networks!
After 3 days of #SCOTUS arguments, Prof Renee Landers recaps hearings & answers your Qs today at noon. What do u want to know?
Despite many Negative Nancys poopooing on #DCRestaurantWeek, I'm going to bundle up and head to my reservation!
At US History and Online Highways (Travel), we're working to write histories for all American cities, mostly focusing on smaller ones.
The Imaginary Band Sept Birthday Bash! Mastrellas - Sept. 24th! Classic Rock like you've never heard in Rochester! Including Fleetwood Mac!
Another vegan meal 4 dinner. May become a trend if I keep making recipes. Reco Avocado Pesto Pasta & Oyster Mushroom Tacos
#FOLLOW me if you don't need makeup cos your
Good morning Twitter.
The way of a fool is right in his own eyes, but a wise man is he who listens to counsel. -Prov 12:15 - sent by my Aunt Sharon - God bless!!
Funny thing is, I'm a Kobe, Pau, and Hill fan..... Don't really care much for Meta, but he didn't mean to. I really believe that.
Yum! That sounds fantastic!
On the 2-1 goal I shouted so strongly and loudly that my dog started shaking....oops!
Omg I am tryin so hard not2 act my color with this manager but she is really tryin me. I think I'm gonna contact a lawyer
that explains it :)
lol i'm always like vasssshappningggggg to annoy people ahah my friends are just like where's the nearest mental hospital
I think Tom Benson should fire all involved. RT What do you think of the penalties that was placed on the Saints?
- ah, but do you want that in print? as we both know, the media never lies...
EMarketing Views (EMarketingViews) thanks for the follow.
is Alan Levine. Teaching #ds106 right now. Also interviewed you guys about digital identity a few weeks ago.
Wonder what thug thought of this
being single sucks
The Brooks Lockwood episode will hopefully be up Monday. You are mentioned in this show.
wassup fam it's your boy ANGEL of D.O.C. "Disciples of Christ" saying wassup & here with some music. Any questions hit me up! Real Talk. Fam
Great meeting you. Thanks for the awesome feedback about Look forward to lunch sometime!
Taking stock of the landscape, frost-tinged farmland, sun creeping out behind the hills...scrape the ice off my car and let's go do a show!
I want an iPhone just so I can ask Siri sexual things.
Our Pepper Workshop is ON! Scheduled for 5/19 (Sat). Preregister at Paradigm Gardens $15 or signup the day of $20.
Thankyou so much and and we too know that G OD has great things planned for him.He has inpacted more livesN 4years than most
Hi - hope you're doing well. Come visit soon.
totally jealous! Do report back on whatever awesome you see at MOMA tonight.
Do you love #NewOrleans? Do you love #MardiGras? Follow us today & you'll get to see some gorgeously detailed archival carnival designs
Can't wait to see and tie the knot this weekend!! No words to explain how exciting! cc:
#IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know my hands spaz out when im nervous
I am so ready for a night of some clean, wholesome blackout fun
Before having any Adventures Under the Sun, stock up at 's buy one get one 50% off summer essentials sale through May 13
I just Gotta give my wife props for a Mom employed f/time and 8 yrs of part time college Graduating from U of Indy today w/ Honners I Luv U
#FF Publishing Peeps
There's a difference btw reactive and deliberative use of social media. Faculty who don't embrace edtech--do they see that difference?
TOGA! TOGA!
My stomach is growling already. I think I woke up hungry. What's that all about?
#nccetl do districts keep parents in the loop so policy neither shocks nor disappoints
I'll be donating all of my tips this week from to the #2012FolkMarathon! Because nothin beats great music & coffee
Thanks for the interesting chat today!
Lol stop! RT : my city is based.
Going grocery shopping with and comparing grocery shopping apps #groceryiq and #grocerypal. Which one will win?
no one speaks to my babies that way lol
It's LOUD here at #LSP today!
or reply to them to go and hunt and gather... Lol
what time do you land?
The King and I steered away from prez politics, but we did chat about wardrobes (rock 'n' roll, not VP) and my pudgy Elvis tattoo.
Like id a comedy to those who think and a tradegy to those who feel. Shakesphere
#fridaylistens Deliver us from Evil by Baldacci - excellent narrator (McLarty) & a thrill ride of a story
Q's about going silent: will you laugh? (no); how will communicate with the dog? (hand signals)
You deserve better treatment than that!!
I seriously dislike any help/chat service that really can't do anything to help me. You hear me , its annoying to always call.
vs We need this. Also Aries vs and Aries vs Sabin.
Got back from DEC's Dansville #fracking public hearing and trying to process it all. Large crowd, lots said. Some protestors on stilts.
Make sure you sign up for the #BestSocialMediaBootcampEvah at the #AAMKT #Vagoose 2012 conference. It will be a
new twitter interview question: "now do that while banagramming"
. observing that our discussion has implicitly been about the identity politics of separating the humanities
getting ready to head down to for the funemployment radio tax week special sandwich! m....spaghetti...
SHOUTOUT TO TAYLOR FROM VIRGINIA! I LOVE YOU BOTH! <3 143
Hey Caroline! I love the music video "Rome!" Its amazing! Tweet me or RT!!!!
no not yet....soon I'll get to work n I'll have an email saying its available. No advance notice here...sorry!
Grats! RT : I can officially say I will be participating in The Final Four for Beach Volleyball !!!
Can I get some followers?
How 3 Mashable Readers Landed Jobs Via Social Media
If she can go long enough without talking...lol.
thanks!! You're too nice :) I wish he would follow me!
wine on a Friday is always good.
wow...time warner really must of wanted to keep you
I love this! RT : Now THIS is a woman exec I admire. Spending dinner every night w my kids is something I won't ever...
he wants to see who is taller duuh
I really hope everything turns out okay !
F you too you got hit with tht F-bomb now .
Timing is everything.
Posted a few reference photos in my DA scrapbook. I'll post more soon, as well as a finished project (hopefully).
I love how im the one who is called to help initiate conv with my cousins interests AND then to help her break up w them.
If anyone can will himself to the task, it's Kobe. But he's got 42K+ career minutes under his belt. He's Methuselah in basketball years.
Congrats to Lebron James. I can't hate on him for killing it for another year.
RT : Hahaha! RT : Daylight Savings makes us lose an hour. It’s just like checking Twitter.
I have a whole night. And a lot of thinking to do .
thanks! we are so excited to be working with young musicians!
go 2 the BB 4sig on ur phone, it wii take you there
gonna attempt to finish 3units 2english & 1geography homework packets i have 65% done so i can test on them tomorrow :3
I think I need to become 34% more productive
Huh. Schlotzkys has a banquet room.
I am sorry! THANK YOU!!!
I'm working on my short answer now :( I might not turn in the book questions tomorrow, but on Tuesday
TURN THE HELL UP LAKERS!
losing control of things..
Seal. He can handle it. He's had worse burns.
He was a really nice person. I can't believe he committed suicide.
Let me take my ass to work on my day off grrr
Denver office is happy today: Peyton Manning heads to the Broncos. Adds some heat onto the standing Chargers vs. Broncos annual bet.
My NYC life is now organized enough to start Tweeting again. What have I been up to? Job and apartment hunting, exploring and lots of coffee
because u don't watch glee, maybe? ": why do i not understand this tweet?"
You have to live with yourself for the rest of your life
i did add u
ITALIAN PRIDE ALL THE WAY!!!
Sounds great! and I would love to do lunch soon!
this shower scene is unnecessary (also I'm like 15 minutes behind, watching on DVR)
Everyone follow our Singer: Drummer: Guitarist: Guitarist: & Bassist: <3
Alright #Barves bring in the relief squad. Maybe Otis Nixon could throw a few.
doing some media today! Good thing I like to talk! Thanks for the interviews everyone!!
the dc dogs & ponies took a post-#BEERTOWN vacay but we r getting back in gear. 1st conspirators meeting of '12 this sunday.
make up time!!!
lol but it's making me not do my work .
I don't like either, but payroll tax cut + pipeline would equal compromise. The two party system is a disgrace.
Finished the day with 26125 blinds 200 400. Frustrating day.
EXPERIENCED Retail Professional...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
I wanna go back to when it all began...but thats impossible, so i must move on...:/
I was just in Bali and they are all doing your Sack celebration!
If anyone magically ended up with an extra Flaming Lips LP from Record Store Day, I'll gladly take it off your hands.
I hate how teachers r giving us so much work and making them due all in the same week. Dnt they realize that we have other classes too?? FML
don't forget me i beg.
Just spilled red Kool-aid on my crotch. It looks so akward o.o xD
Up to June 1982 & not sure why this isn't on every Americanist PhD reading list.
What u got I need a lot of, so I can't let u go...
Diet Soda...who are you fooling, you're no better for anyone.
i was hopin you would get another pick 6 to see your dance. maybe next time.
famished/Starvin' Marvin ... no marathon, even
where do the falcons and ravens sit with you now?
you have obviously never stepped on a lego in bare feet or hit your hip bone on the corner of a table
so I had a dream you called me to come in and eat Mer's muddy buddies
Back on this cardio heavy!
Get safe and reliable transportation on a Limo Bus for your next brew tour at an affordable price! Call today to book 619.225.8466
i don't understand why girls have to be in each other's captions in their profile pictures...
Hm. I'd been telling people the Mavs were more than able to make this a series...
Do you know how many lives a single donor can save through organ donation?
you're still a badass! No doubt! You'll come back from this stronger than ever!
I love that comment some people need to get there priorities together
I want to be one of the first riders!
you can only pick your co-workers nose if you let them pick your nose
Happy birthday to the beautiful Love yaa xx
did you get my DM
just won contest on 100.5 espn madison. for guessing rod woodson with most pro bowls since 1995 for a defensive player.i won a fuckn shirt.
. talks about interuptions as idea urges. I dig it.
awww seriously only two weeks again until back to chi for good...i feel like i live a double life but is this good or bad?
Oh alright I see who's more important!
you've been hacked again. :( but I might try the berry diet anyways
uh huh! ALWAYS HOLDIN DAT HEAT!
just a plain pink dress from forever
Rudy Gay!
what did you get now? And why does it make you nervous?
Had audition w/little kid who was burning up w/a fever & near tears.The mom says his agent would be so angry if they had to cancel. So Wrong
holy shit that interview was amazing!!
You're welcome and good luck!
Why do I always feel so R-Rated?
Farting while submerged in water >
follow limit still </3 :( how do i not be on it??
jajajjajajaajaj!! the grapevine is closed. LOL
Man I miss all my Akron cats!!!! s/o to all my fellas and ladies from the AK-Right!!!!
Don’t tell me I’ve changed when in reality I’ve just stopped living life your way.
Thanks for the follow! We love your Etsy too (and the name "The Phantom Limb" is #rad). :)
your welcome. if you need someone im here
You don't need someone to complete you. You only need someone to accept you when you're an idiot. -- Scott Eddy ()
Consuming the last of the coffee in the house. Usually, daily volume of coffee = daily volume of written output. Something has to give.
agreed, 13 years as an mlb hitting coach with one team is unheard of these days
At the kreative kulture house painting building and getting ready for our opening.
Wrath of the Titans lacked finesse. First time being let down by Liam and Ralph.
indeed, look forward to meeting you !! > RT : Just purchased my tickets for !!! All-inclusive = god time :)
Bruins are gonna beat Flyers
Red wine and Mary Jane
I just realized that there are only seven rings for dwarves. Time for a LoTR/Snow White crossover?
I hate people that talk a lot
And now it's time for basketball. March Madness just over the horizon.
I so can't handle this right now
OH: The sun moved? When did it start doing that?
Validation::Class method keyword now creates self-validating methods which can validate data input and output ... sweet :)
some girls never grow out of light-up shoes...
He sure does!
So wonderful!
HOW WAS THAT NOT A 3?!??!
they fill my timeline w/ gr8 content
In Blogger Corp training for
Watching "Bomb Patrol: Afghanistan." Wow! I love my country and the brave soldiers who serve. Praying for you!
dang wish I had some wake n bake right now never went to salem road fucked up
RT : 2-run single by Paulino after E-2 on attempted pickoff at 2nd let runners move up. #orioles up 3-0. Still no outs
I dunno. I don't wanna sound stupid or make a fool out of myself. Do you send him fan mail?
You're welcome. Have a great day
Watching the #movie Tortilla Soup. Getting hungry, maybe I should have waited until after lunch. Ha ha
Always remember... You will live, You will love, You will dance again.
you ain't ready!!!
#you'reaidiot once again proving to ur followers that u r a half retarded racist. Thumbs up!
Happy Birthday! Are you gonna be at the rescheduled Gambino Detroit show on Aug 3?
and thats from the heart bro....
But its not over , so whats there to do tonight ?
Calling Miley Cyrus a pot head & Chris Brown a woman beater proves that people only jusge you by your bad decisions.
It feels like that time of year where people come and go out of your life. Sucks cause I didn't want you to leave =\
Gasol tall ass needs to fucking wake up or sit down!!!
If Gary Karton doesn't want booing, why not want players that are very good at baseball? Is suffering in silence morally superior?
"Don't allow your circumstances to shake your faith."
Who is excited for ustream later?!? :D
enjoyed B2C 37 ways to repurpose blog blast! Been teaching recycling content for years & this has new spins. Thanks!
u need a hobby
thanks for the RT!
Don't stress out on anything thats out of your control.
Youll be fine on ur own
Monday is the day I get most new followers in twitter. Even if I don't tweet much weekends because I'm B2B. Weekend tweeting is a lifestyle!
Today is Spring Cat Cleaning Day, a day to give your cat a bath. Be careful. - or you could just get you car cleaned.
#PearlBistro Tonight. #Echelon3000 Thursday! Ladies Free All night ! Bday Celebration for &
Just ordered some Ecuadoran (Organic/FT), Rwandan (FT), and a small amount of Mexican (Decaf). I'll let you know when it's ready!
baby, I was born this way.
#futurewewant Flying cars!
Barry bonds, ken Griffey jr and hank aaron
Okay, it is currently 61 degrees in my condo. Do I turn on the heat or suffer until the weather warms up later this week?
Staying in tonight... literally feels weird
When I decide to open my window, no cars wanna ride thru or no wind wants to blow. This is a sham! No one should be this hot!!
We haven't heard anything about a FL #thacamp for a while. Perhaps knows more.
Easter. probaly. if everyones having a get to gether.
That's a BAD MAN
yo we been out all night.... Endless mights in L A . I love it : )
hanging at my homieess house lol
Failure is temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success Only those who dare to fail greatly ever achieve greatly
Oh, I had my moments, and if I had to do it over again, I'd have more of them
: "Good. I'm just wondering what different sources people use to find work. Outside of Backstage."
Startup on their complex color matching app for beauty and home: "our app doesn't discriminate"
I didn't realize that, how interesting! Stay in school!
not yet
The day after #starwarsday,
Don't ever EVER let them get into cars
The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down. (Dear old Newton must be rotating in his grave).
Facebook's acquisition of Instagram gives them a Cost Per User of about $28. Do you know what your average CPU/CPC is?
heard about the film project. good luck, sounds interesting. drop by 4 east sometime when you are ready to edit.
that was a great interview.
We #recruit professionals for #jobs in #DC, #Boston, #NYC, #Chicago, the #Bay Area, #Los Angeles, #OC, #San Diego, #Dallas, and #Houston!
Snuggling with Megan watching shrek (:
i'll fix that later.
I hope you have blessed holiday observances this weekend. See you Easter Monday!
Groupies? Does creating some via "Weird Science" count?
yeah, but I'm bored with it already.
SWNI grant to support art classes for seniors see our "workshops" tab to sign-up
Here Comes The Sun is stuck in my head except I'm singing here comes the "sub." Nice! Is anyone else stuck on a song now?
what's your story about?(:
Francis Bacon~ The man who fears no truths has nothing to fear from lies.
I feel loved 😃
#sincewebeinghonest UCONN is going to beat Butler!!! GO #UCONN !!!!!!!
Completely understandable!
: The night turned out to be pretty amazing.... <3 !
Tuesday lunch= How about our $4.99 special. Soup, salad w'Fuji dressing and chicken fried rice. Now are you thinking about lunch?
#freefridays #music #video #soundtracks by Earamas™ to soothe your savage beast…
i like royce though
And Then there were the bees .. hubby kept saying dont you hear something , I said no ... then holes appeared in our bedroom ceiling LOL
where are you?
what about Chicago
Tell your friends to follow !!! We love you guys!
the radios on your tuning me out, im trying to talk, your turning me down
hehe I was!! I promise(:
had such a bad time tonight:(
I brought sunscreen to happy hour last Friday for that same reason.
Submit to: !
any plans to make suggestions come up when typing in the search bar on get glue?
3rd tweet from jack for twog
Great, great advice...for anyone, really! RT Know When to Unplug.
Static stretching is best post workout to prevent muscle tears.
And I am about to makeout whis 's tongue. (;
So the Artist won big at the Oscars? That wasn't expected, except by everybody.
Burgers Doge Wings Juan Tabo and Lomas
funny. Very funny.
I hate waiting....
Once again, I'll ask you to leave my family out of this...
thanks for the shout out! We can't wait for Founder's Day!
Day 1 of not weighing myself is going good....2 hour down 22 more to go #babysteps , about to hit this workout!
I'm seeing on December 3!
Can't take my shine I do this shit everyday
follow back Ricardo. ?:)
Just back from a wonderful pier visit. There was a giant arrest downtown. Kind of Scary here in St. petersburg.
Great, thanks!
Niggaz Could Rhyme, But Ya Only Lack Originality…. Keep COPYin Niggaz Style See How Far It Gets Ya..
What happened when the witch went for a job as a TV presenter? The producer said she had the perfect face for radio.
i have to wake up in about four hours ... oh well
Damn!! is fucking annoying and a fucking bitch
Well...I'm 30 now. Guess that means it's time to be a grownup and get back to business! :) Look for updates on the website soon!
screaming females are fking KILLING it.
cant wait!
WHo has Oovoo?
Thanks for the RT today Laura!
Thanks for following us!
“: PREDICT Josh Hamilton's season homer total. #MLBFC” 45.
Happy Monday Tucson! What are you eating this morning?
i sent u a comment on ur website someone check it out please
