thanks for following
When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world. - George Washington Carver
Pretty great night, #sohot :)
Not to brag, but my Level 1 students totally kicked butt at "Yes And"-ing last night!
A cool new wok goes to ! (Thanks for donating!)
RT : Are you happy? Simple question, complicated answer, eh?
prepare for combat
Tip of the Day - If you use Twitter and Linked In. LinkedIn will automatically post your LinkedIn "Network Updates" to your Twitter page.
From everyone at Philippine PI, we wish you a Merry Christmas ad a Happy New Year! Thanks for following us.
maybe I spoke too soon...lol
Get your customers to call you. The more effort they put into knowing about your product increases your chances for a sale.
Its so nice getting to sleep in.(:
I need a new photo. Maybe can help me with that one.
no one's stunning my tweets
Thinking about changing my account, all smilers do is radiate hate and I dont wanna be put in there category...
belieber will always belieb in Justin
How can you not love Rick Ross? Dude is fat as fuck, blows kush in the white maybach, rich as fuck, former cop, good rapper and is on one.
No worries, - it shows how much fun you were having. See you next season for #dckaraoke!
Back by popular demand! ---> | Check out Trish on Tuesday's show. Oh and follow her!
Organizer at Ron Paul rally just announced crowd needs to squeeze in. Line outside waiting to get in
I am so bored lol i am in info tech
Oh, how I love the e-mail I just received/read/responded to.
follow back
Yes! Boudreau's Bitters (cherry) are available at the bar. $15/5oz. New menu tomorrow, come check it out and grab some bitters!
DO YOU FUCKING SEE WHAT YOURE DOING TO SHENELL??? DO YOU SERIOUSLY WANT HER TO KILL HERSELF???
can you please give me a shout out?
I despise that FB feature. "And incidentally, hey, look at that, we haven't messaged since November of '08."
Another special s/o to she be promoting her ass off!!!!!!! Giving us all a great look!!!!!!! We preciate that Forreal Forreal!!
once again thanks for the follow!!! Very appreciated!!!!
Looking forward to the game tonight! Good luck and
yeah, hardly productive my friends..
ok sounds good:)
Finished work early, having dinner with Jana and then going to the RC3 softball practice tonight. Not a bad Tuesday yall.
I dont think that they have there own accounts though..... :/
Sat and Sun folks! RT : Sunny and warm this weekend for ! Check out FB for details!
: Twitter should have a Like button :)) #thanks for sharing
ya, not sure- but feel 'uninspired' abt going spending more $ on gifts now. ?? oh well- i will have to 'get over it' ~ DM
Just saw a pin on pinterest for "healthy snack ideas". The picture. A bowl of fruit. Genius.
If you've never read "The Time Traveler's Wife," read that.
OMG THATS CRAZY!!! hope he gets better soon!!! oh yeah?!?!? I have been good super busy … how have you been?
aww thanks! I'm quite well, actually. Just been gone from twitter... Struggling to keep up with social networks...
I've been stuck on that week since I started. Seems like these programs are best case scenario. I suck at the sit-ups one too
Time to crank up the keyboard and get some work done!
RT : ...but we have at least been noticed and had a response, so now to have it played :-)
I have come to terms with the fact that I will never be a size 0
"Honey badger don't care" but he does get shared 4x more than anything else.
should be!! Sheesh!
While this is especially true with haircuts, also relevant to training! (2)
Ouch RT: Procedure for NFL draft is the pick poses first with Roger Goodell, then goes over to Saints table to get bounty set.
Standardized pricing will lead to pay raises for everyone/ well those smart enough to understand the big picture in our beloved wrap biz.
Yes indeed!! So fun. Thanks for hosting RT: Very successful girls #Oscar night!Loved having ...
It sucks when you like someone that your best friend liked first.
Hahaha yeah but when you're in the van with him he's actually a really good driver :'D -Tiana
Thanks for the shout out. I didn't realize you made such awesome sustainable baby gear. Very cool.
I feel like half of my school was walking around half asleep today...
Happy Labor Day!! BBQ later! :)
damn near
imho not offended #badjoke I think he wants to move on, not give #Limbaugh "more oxygen" tho panel needs more estrogen
lolz just making sure
Issac meet Terry and Chuck new puppy papas
admit it you still like the ICONic Boyz
Dang...life is crazy. I jus watched a vid of my fren Lee on my fone and I had to leave class cuz I started crying...
us too but our daughter is eyeing med school! Eek!
Where's the partay at?!
oh felt how you rule our lives!
LA Mayor Villaraigosa wants voters to approve an INDEFINITE extension of a half-cent sales tax used for #transit projects.
do we need a special pass to get into see Big Bill?
Gotta work on your own dime, until you can prove you have value.
Who is the scariest musician ever?
yeah mine. My Mixtape/Birthday Party.
Shopingggg!!!;D I have quite the passion for fashion(;
Idk bout that. They might win one but the way they was playing tonight ..... I don't see it.
Hey Fashion 5.0 fans! Happy hump day! We would like to know what our amazing fans' favorite colors are? Post a comment!
hahahaha it taught me how to tie multiple tie knots.
I saw her speak last year, I really enjoyed it!
you're too kind, sir. Thanks for helping us spread the word.
you smell
*granny voice* before u go and tryn talk about somebody else's front door, make sure u swept up under ya own shit 1st. LMAO
Congrats to the Kentucky Wildcats! I guess we'll never stop hearing it from Kristal Shannon :)
Anyone who studies Maya artwork knows that the ancients assigned multiple meanings to a single art piece/element. No single meaning exists.
this is coming from the guy who made the "snitch" allegation. Funny stuff.
yea, its not wut u say its how u say it... so I ask u how u said? Do u think u was rude?
15 hours. per week. How is anyone supposed to "provide professional direction, supervision, leadership" w/that?
Alec maybe you should hire a private media team that will dictate the questions asked you,and the answers that you want to give
Nothing more awkward than singing happy birthday to a person whose name you don't know
Agree! Thanks for helping make it great. I'm in Mexico and loving being in Houston @ the same time!
has Oprah + Deepak on right now. Compelling stuff.
lies u kno u wanna blow up right now
Enjoy life today. Don't get caught up in the worries and anxieties of life. Breathe in & out & say "I trust you God."
The most compelling name in the industry. MindFirstFitness.
Much of content industry looked like broadcasting 101. => Smart content providers are in the business of sharing & connections.
Story's not the only element of a game, though it's the metric I would demand progress in the most.
Good morning bro! Liking this rainy weather?
Think I'm jealous of a new nigga? That's why your my old girl.
interested in data and media file cleanup? Come to room 207 AB for the data cleanup tech tutorial!
If I had a British accent I would never shut up.
oh man.. that's crazy... sounds like he had an attitude...
Gym done , tanning done :) i feel good !
Realizing the hard way how difficult "Love on a farmboys wages" can be...
Just learned that I've earned a 'Best of 2009-2010' award from Stage Scene LA for 'Outstanding Performance by a Lead Actress/Drama'!
Get your tickets now for January 29th www.cagestars.com they are going fast
Just saw an Amish dude rocking a BlueTooth in his ear.
PickUpLine: I'll bet you $20 my dick can't fit into your mouth.
Thanks for the RTs!
My boyfriend got twitter to stalk me. I see you, creep.
Im watching fullmetal alchemist on netflix. I like this one better then the old one.
Yeah I love that stuff. My favorite marginalia was finding 17th c. quill-pen little kid scribbles in the back of an old book.
How can you guys let that happen D;
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
don't worry -- if I were your neighbor, I would give you an odd look ;-)
hey TLo - haven't been able to get to your site for a while. Are you down?
To caf or not to caf, that is the question.
tractorcade was amazing, the best, biggest crowd yet. this rally is huge ! the signs, the people, what an amazing day!
“: Thanks for the follow” thank you right back!
Its a monday for me. -_-
One of the greatest nights of my life lasy night. Lets hope I get to say that two more times!
I don't want to do this.
when's the last day you can pay ?
if i asked you who has the longer home run distance avg thus far this year, would you say Weeks or Ortiz?
Finally. The iPhone has arrived in my trembling hands. <hard to breathe>
aspiring/testing the waters. Would love a low paying regular to give me a deadline! I work best under pressure. :)
hey tom my friend or E, makes AMAZING MUSIC! hip hop, dubstep, and everything amazing. please check him out on youtube
Getting ready to JAMM!!
We hope everyone had a nice, safe, and enjoyable break! Enjoy your last day tomorrow!
dis is all bird fault which is y i turnt up & watch im really finna turn up on u two
hey brad great job tonight
Sending a special shout-out to - one of our incredible "PHAME: the H is for Honored Tour" sponsors! Thank you, CJ!
Congressman Andre Carson: "No doubt Near Eastside illustrates that we have already achieved so much! But only half time." keep it goin!
Are you gunna kiss me, then tell everybody?
online video stream of Lugar ed board isn't working ... que pasa?
was it on our lobby? I'm sure it was BC only idiots come here.
whats been up!!!
drooling over this iced capp while I only have $3.50 griff bucks left
8th Time Lucky For Nadal Rafael Nadal won the Monte Carlo Masters for the 8th consecutive year and proved 8th time round that he could en
South Dade's voice for justice was heard today! But the fight isn't over...
Just seated at Cadillac Palace Theater to see the musical South Pacific! Great seats!
Have 2 go to #Walmart, where some nationalities, who remain nameless, like 2 bring their ENTIRE family to shop. Its not #disneyland guys.
Resort Rentals of Hilton Head Island Announces the Launching of a Mobile Application of their Website
Another doctors appointment soon; hopefully I can finally figure out what I have...
I think should get a Grammy. :)
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Google+ Blogger Integration, Circles in SERPs & Larry Page Steals Zuckerberg 's Thunder
oh no! Everyone be safe tonight!
I have moved from page numbers to percentages.
Just sipped my 1st beer at the airport. Officially on vacation.
I will be releasing NBA plays tonight I am 21-4 in #NBA playoffs get my #MLB as a bonus 6-0 run for $75 or get month
Even better!
Looking for a quiet place to hit the weights? Look no further than ! We offer a 2 hour child watch program while you workout!
RT Looking for a blogger or two to regularly write about how to be an awesome parent. 21st century skills, etc @ if interested
It would be awesome if could support my web apps subscriptions such as , , and others.
are we together or what. I HATE LOVE its so compicated
Glee was WOW that's all i gotta say.
Headstrong Death Wish?
Yes ma'am, Friday the 27th. Shrine Circus. Love.
Buy fruit at its peak at a farmers' market and freeze it in an airtight container so you can enjoy it year round.
The google voicemail stuff = pure gold. I also love the Jen Kirkman calls, tho when I first started listening I didn't get it
Someone shout me out please, I will shout you back out!
coffee black,cigarette,spend my days like all the rest me & my buddies used 2 call coffee & a smoke a Don Williams breakast
No snooze mercy! The day doesn't wait for you. You must take it.
I just made up for the ones you didnt have haha RT : which turned into 12 more beers haha
Well it is all cake from here.
The awkward moment when my boss grabs my toes and tells me they're cute :l
or Porgy and Bess
We hear you in Columbia!
cool i send mine already it was small :( but urs looks cool
Just finished working a promo, heading back to my apartment to get some sleep, up early for day 2 of work as a Writer :)
FARO Focus3D vs. Leica HDS6200 side-by-side comparison today. Any specific questions/concerns? Email them to
Thanks so much Kelsey! Yay for short ribs too! :)
I want someone to love me so much, they're blind to my imperfections.
much love from Milwaukee to the east coast 1
Gotta love those post holladaze blues. This day can suck it.
May all that is metal be with you tonight! Have fun and be safe out there.
I'd rather have a hot head than cold feet!
awww yay I'm glad we make your day ☺
I don't get how someone can actually care about their grades.
Happy wednesday!
That didn't take long at all. CHECK BACK HERE at 5:30 pm Est, for the first exclusive clip from It Came From Yesterday!!!
That's what she said.
I'm late to this convo, but I've been thinking of tackling my diss again. There's some interesting nuggets there.
gypses are nuts
almost finished but I forget to set the time on my MacBook so that's why I forget to Skype u :(
Stations of the cross in downtown
The things I would do to
Gang Gang Dance awarded "Best Smelling Act" due to the burning of sage onstage.
how can cats be astmatic?
The trade boxes are in such an inconvienant place in MouseGears.
Pub stomping with and a few others message if you wanna play "xXHellacopterZ"
that's what I'm talkin' 'bout!!!
What about Old Spice? I thought it was all well integrated.
( is a visionary ) ditto that. Id like to think ur a visionary too. :)
It's tuna melt time.
HAHAHA, that's utterly insane. I mean, insanely insane! Protest more!
LOVES Calvin and Hobbes. Thanks StumbleUpon for the morning pick-me-up. Hope the 4th of July fires are out; except the fire of patriotism.
Watching rent makes me want to get some vocal training....
Carry some bad feelings/emotions from yesterday? Put it down on paper and then get rid of it. Good sleep is so important for you. Live love.
are you annoyed w your natural grey? or are you attempting to achieve the grey that's in fashion currently?
When I write using my iPad, I tend to type with my thumbs only. Does anyone else do that? #amwriting #iPad I like the "Novel in 30" app.
you were hilarious!!!
Kathy Payne, State Farm: Young people need to be part of the solution.
Wow - MVP-! Long way from Butte CC - also love (b/c it is genuine) his view that it's about winning more championships
sorry dad, I already have plans to go to the movies. Thanks for the offer. Have fun!
we want to see you again!!
I have Polished Diamonds Gsa Certified , 4 sale, small to large parcels availble,email wish list too Discounted
done with you, u don't get it.
Yay! Can you DM me the email address you used to sign up?
Jumping on s trampoline by myself...yep in cool.
Tht Twitter Jail shxt be whack . In the next hour or 2 nikkahs tweetin like birds !!
Smoke this long gar high as fucqq lol ......followers
Ramblin' w/ ramble on by Led Zepp. Please do a reunion!
Google Places makes your business accessible by anyone who wishes to learn more about what you have to offer.
Up Now: The presentation about
They gone look real ugly
yes and you're doing the same shit as the Florida fans. Don't give UK a bad name man.
The rain isn't pretty enough for you?
doing great just have a touch of sinus thing that keeps hanging on. How's your hand? How long did it take 2 feel better ?
shout out to all my followers
It is! The flowers are in bloom and this year there are a lot of black and orange butterflies. In the summer, lots of dragonflies
Lots of people claim you can't be both a #nerd and a sports fan. I beg to differ. I love #football as much as love
Big thanks for the FF! Hope everything is cool with you!
👌👈 <---- imma send that to somebody phone lol
Just saw headline saying "star abruptly ends interview". But it's about Megan Fox. Kind of stretching the use of "star" there...
Vince Lombardi: "Football is like life, it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority."
Swear to god I hope that little woman got geiko. We bustin out her windows.
Got a can of Jumex peach nectar (i.e. Mexican juice) in my fridge. That brand name is getting weirder every time I see it.
just NOW looking at that t-shirt- love it.. #wtf!
These classes is bullshit
let's go Mets!
The supplemental reading to the Creative Brief assignment is uploaded to D2L. Hopefully it answers some of your questions :)
At Garage, to hear Mike Dease's Big Band,played Dizzy's Oop Bop Shabam, brought back memories of how fun making & listening to music can be.
not sure, but i'm learning off of a roland right now.
#thingsiregret Leaving my 6th form, to go some sports college shit
Hurm. What was the nature of the hacks?
Thank you much!
Hey NBMAA, follow me so I can send you a message!
Bet thanks
That's good! Now I can finally take you to the deli after my next round of canasta!
Yes. It's really really good!
there should be any other synonyms to spitting sir
Liatris spicata 'Kobold Original'. Perfect background for my purple garden! Especially with the azalea in back and the daisies in front! JP
whatever ! Lol I forgot how open you were to answering questions 😏
Please do!
Project is coming along nicely! Our goal is show Route 66 to a new generation- to inspire them to reconnect with the Mother Road!
Love your tweets. Very interesting insight. Thanks!
+1: -> Absolutely, awesome time & great seeing everyone! Let's do it again soon
Today's pleasant congruence: teaching about minnesingers in day's first class, Wagner in the second.
very excited to be here
Arena Football League Attendance Needs Some Help: Fan Opinion
RT : where is my man when I want a massage and some one to take care of me
Forget no cheering in the press box. Who wouldn't love seeing Ricky Bobby aka Kurt Busch win today?
That's awesome! gave me a rundown of your adventure on Thursday. I'd say you've been properly rewarded.
My new favorite model Raina from Americas Next Top Model be still my heart.
Props for me: " I am a PR (public relations) GENIUS." If I cant do anything I can talk and public relatitikin all around town
Thanks for the heads up!
One Direction Infection>>>>>Bieber Fever
Good news everyone! My missing workout sock was found in my bike shoe. Also, you most likely read that in Professor Farnsworth's voice.
hey do you guys need a print model for your website?
Graduation day. :>
he's a blackhawks fan!
Aww is at&t park playing beastie boys?
CWI's SUMMER WEST Institute on Service-Learning, University of Southern California in Los Angeles. August 1-5, 2011
so bad. Bruises everywhere. I feel so bad lol
happy to see you using one of our shirt designs as your profile pic!
Good idea!
Come on Yotes
Dude, awesome music
Right back at where It left off.
“Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty
Great article on Tap Lab today. launches tomorrow, its location-based too. I'd love to tell you our story.
The Whitest Boner Alive
that's great news Jack!
had fun with and the little monsters but now I'm tired
I got burned today pretty bad with an April Fools joke. Yup I'm a fool.
Great. An interview with Mark Kotsay. Couldn't line up David Freese, ?
A excellent lunch meeting today with Charlotte City Councilman James Mitchell about the Space Museum project. Great insight and interest.
Cause you were born too late! :)
Every time I make a Mesmer, I get a network error.
A gesture of fairness to the Twins.
ok, so i think this whole vegan/teetotaler lifestyle agrees with me.
Boom Fizzle
Earlier today we had some issues with a DNS server providing access to MCNY's IQ mail server. The issue has been fixed, and IQ mail is back.
According to Kinsey, 75% of men ejaculate within 3 minutes of penetration.
Haha you should, you're your biggest supporter!
RT : Love Google but is where I learned to love books & find answers to hard questions
Nice meeting you yesterday. Let me know when those shirts come in.
Wow you wont do the ellen dance challenge with smh-_- lol jk
Nearly 2 years out of D.C., I still find the campaign finance numbers fascinating. Keep 'em coming!
joins me talkin' table to chat about how our local libraries are high-tech tools we need to use more. Only on CBS19
Tell your baby daddy that he super weak, f***ed your girl last night it only took a week...
:: Science Outreach Initiation hurt like heck.
the ones we sent a while ago or the ones right now ?
I cannot even. This pup is snuggling the life (and bitterness) right out of me.
Awesome! How'd it go? We will keep you posted for sure...lots of exciting things in the works.
Blue moon <33333
Sorry I haven't been on in awhile, y'all!! School has been mad stressful. But it ends next week! Mucho love! <3 xoxo
i saw #montecarlo yesterday. Why is Selena Gomez so damn pretty?
y'all gotta come hang out one of these days
Ditto! RT <----- Not naive enough to question where his blessings come from
Just found out that Tyler,The Creator is a year younger than me. he just turned 20. hmm
I havent had one of these in 5weeks, i was always with you, happy.
Ur student visa app will be in MyLearn account once you've made second payment. No worries, plenty of time to apply for visa!
Tuesday, Mar. 6 145pm Arsenal vs Milan 145 Birmingham City vs Chelsea – FA cup
"You may be ready, but your never really ready" Your Favorite Promoter, Shocka Shock
Huh? Why?
Can I be excused from school. I'm allergic to people
Pissed off level is at 20
got to pick 1 for the contest to make it fair
Picnic in the Park was great. But far fewer players and their families stayed this year.
ALMOST finished with #TheEnchanted rough draft! Happy dance! Almost there!!! Back to writing...
thanks! We weren't too shabby! (: good luck to you guys! 🎶🎵🎶👍 oh p.s. mr dean was there!! 😲
The family of red foxes by my house got big since ive seen them last.
meditation is not my thing.
sounds fun!
"I Will Be The One You Say Goodnight To" - Kina Grannis. Packed the Aladdin last night, sang like an angel & was as sweet as she looks!
Thank you for the love brother! Hope all is well and we will get you on the show again soon enough!
To Teachers and Educator the Time Has Come To change Your Class Room Now ! www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
I suspect that more truth is spoken in the small, private conversations, but of course I don't know. I'm not part of them.
Ugh, I have to cite every assertion I make in this paper & can't find an article to back up my statement that many people in a small room>>
Nice, a great value, I love the new bracelet.
followed. Follow back. I'm you 500th follower :)
I've been sticking to domestic locations. Chicago in May, LA in July.
Yo there's nothing tighter then random visits from your cool ass friends!! To my main man Jose Taylor!! CHILL!~!~!~
7:00 tomorrow is about to go down on TNT...
hey tweeters :) What is everyones plan for NYE? Anyone know of cool parties\events in LA :) LMK thanks <3
where u at son?
Me too! RT : Hello everyone: I'm a packer for life. It will never change. Go Pack Go!!!!
your'e good, just wanted to make sure:)
For once in my life,I don't want to be a 2nd choice, I want to be a 1st.
Everyone is passing away. So sad.
I kept it so muthafuckin real with you that I was blind.. Cuz I was to busy showing love I aint see the signs..
His Slow Ass Always Sending Dumb Shxt
Someone should combine the concept of a horoscope with Myers-Briggs profiles. Might be more accurate. Or at least funny.
If you would like to make a guest appearance on the KOKO Dennis Show please email us today. We are crushing all doubt as you move towards y
A wooden rod fell in my face at work today...now my face is swollen. Ah stress!!!!
I wrote down two different times for our meeting this week. Thurs. at 3:30 & Fri. at 12. Which one do you have?
do you bird hunt? Considering a pink GunMitt! maybe a contrib. to Komen or something with each.. think so?
hi how have u been?
why you ask?
<<< Will Be a Great Wife
Females don't have read on their heads while males do; true for Downy Woodpeckers and Hairy Woodpeckers. Was it around 6"?
I am not a defensive liability at 1st.
This awful weather makes me long for London. I demand marmalade, ale and alarming tabloids with my freezing rain. Also, the tube is cute.
Friday night yahhhh
Thanks for the follow good sir. What's new with you?
follow folloow follow follow follow follow
Thanks for the lunchtime meetup today! Nice to meet you both. I might start carrying pipe cleaners with me...
oh god i can hear it buzzing
What's up fellas, when should we #Mavs fans expect a song?
this one will be much more relaxing than Vegas! can't wait!
hahaha the icons are on a rampage 2012 nothing and no one is safe
Holy crap, Obama finally endorsed gay marriage. Hyperventilating a little.
Bill ,congrat's to your son. You should be proud.
Messy females talk noise, stupid hoes chase boys, ignorant tricks follow dick and bad bitches get rich.
Night Jo, thanks!
u watching? Xx
Somehow took me longer than that to shop online! When you heading to Palm Springs?!
didn't give me a good bye anything so I went home empty handed and sad hearted :(
i mean, i try! Back at you girl #UltimateSwagTeamOfProcrastinationAndBeingCoolerThanEveryoneElse biotch
what it dew boo??? How u livin out there???...
Hi it depends on our client however, we usually won't recruit a person back 2 back within the same month. But keep applying :)
San Diego CRM welcomes new client KenQuest Medical as newest client - turnkey surgery center equipment sales and rental
Don't even talk about that. haha they better hope they end up with jesus! Hes the only guy I approve of for them ;p
S/o to the Miami heat who are looking unstoppable!
Be in my life or don't. It's up to you. I'm sick of the bullshit.
gearing up for a new year of #blogging and #writing . . .
working man, working!
cool! thanks for the speedy reply, just seeing some wonky things in my data with IE8/9
jenna you will lose 10 lbs instantly. jared, 3-5
Coffee: the breakfast of champions
And here we go. On Wisconsin
Meta world whatever needs to grow the heck up!!! Smh!
the hearts!;)
they know my name like its tatted on they mind
I'm really glad Paramore are not splitting up :) I would cry.
A new Adventure Time! :D
Legs hurt/:
I've never posted on gwip
I agree. Q should stay. Maybe moving 88 for a goalie would help.
Need to get my hands on some after watching 's great video. <drool>
what level you on
... MT : Steve King likens Tony Perkins 2 Davy Crockett, fight over marriage equality 2 Texas Revolution, Alamo
Cool video,even though I find it near impossible to take anyone seriously who calls themselves by one name...unless you're Prince
fuck you, united parcel service
My Dwelling joins NaVOBA and the Buy Veteran campaign.
“Telling someone that you're going to bed when you're actually not, and then having to hold back from posting things on Facebook/Twitter.”
I wish Santorum would answer questions directly…
ima do the same sh*t you do to me
villian is a bad guy, like in a movie the killer or a mean girl. I got to be a witch in theater when I was little, so fun!
$1 OFF any plate special at Knawty Hawgs BBQ (W. Tennessee St. Parking Lot). Only w/ a
Turns out i havent missed anything. Phew.... Carrie Underwood is gonna be on Ellen today(:
watching Beauty Shop 
My today's lunch: apple, raw nuts and raw flax seed crackers. Very healthy but so good that there's still a possibility of over eating ;)
Love the hat!
Hi !!! My favorite breakfast cereal that I eat most mornings is Frosted
No im new im a friend of marrisa but u don't know her either lol : )
We should be more than friends
Jack Johnson + Apple Jacks Cereal = Great Morning<3
Confession #1... I'm insecure :( I'm don't think I'm pretty enough for the world..
Of cuhrse! :) What store do you wanna hit first?
what Blackaby book are getting these great quotes from?
aaaaahh crap....missed 2 items I was bidding on at an auction! That stinks! Hopefully I'll get the one tomorrow.
Sell your stuff online in your local Market Place on www.ServiceBox.com! Free item listings, no expiration! Feature your item, sell it...
Let's go to the #chillgrill ;)
St Patricks day 1 of 3. Canton Irish stroll!!
huh. I'll be damned!
Smart man right here folks.." thanks for helping me plan my next 3 nights...Dudes Dinner, Draft Party, Giants Game..."
Explore your own back yard; there's a treasure buried there.
I can assist if needed
I must be easy to buy clothes for your own twin.
Great photos! Very ominous looking sky. Could we share these on our FB Page?
Watching Marcel Bryar of #FannieMae speak about the speeding up the #shortsale process. Great info and thanks #CDPE for the broadcast!
sup miguel long time no see. I see you deleted your facebook so heres my twitter.
Yeah #Butler!!!! #FINALFOUR HERE WE COME!!
being difficult, I see
I'm in Eugene! How long are you there for?
So we know it's Tuesday. But why not come by for happy hour. Might have unusually cheap drinks tonight.
This time next week: Arizona!
It would be nice to catch a f*cking break this holiday. It really would.
Personally, I think #ebooks are amazing and hope that the restrictions currently in place will eventually be removed.
yeah man. I'll make sure to mention this is only for good looking people. If you're not good looking, stay away
Tru dat. I would prefer to over-plan and revise as I get to know those minds. The "batman" approach, I call it.
A relationship always needs tr(us)t
Fair enough.
I'm confused...
You guys were rockin on Friday night!! Thanks again!!
Going back to Miami...going back to my home...
These guys can't make a shot for their lives holy shit
I want all of your beats..
Happy Birthday, Rosario! Have a great and wonderful day!
you can start a fire from rubbing TWO dicks together. Its called the Clap.
": Drool on some cars for me! #HaveFun"I will even tweet pics
I hope the kids had an awesome birthday! Will they be future Drupalists? Drupalers? Drupalistas?
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #government because ... hey, who else are you going to vote for?
I am such a worry wart.
Omg It Is Gonna Be So Weird Seeing without braces.
LMFAO, THAT SKIN FAN OF AN OLD LADY, THOUGHT WITTEN WAS GONNA HAND HER THE BALL....G.T.F. OUTTA HERE!!!!
baffled actually
re: tenure decisions: they will now receive a letter saying their job category has been changed.
We recently updated our website. It's pretty haute! PassporttoFashion.org
You do realize this is hurting your UX, right? cc
Thanks for the delicious talk. See you next week!
congrats man.
Local copy? That's like a horseless carriage, right?
shouldn't the point be to rehabilitate these juveniles?
Awesome! Was that your first time there?
#gassohigh the dope boys just gone western union you the weed
RT How to sell beats: Lets work something out. How to not sell beats: Don't ask me for beats if you don't have any money.
RT RT : remember to bring your own bags to the store. the animals and sea life will thank you "ban the bag!!
Keep em coming!!!
Knowledge talks, wisdom listens.
Tks to all are new followers Hey dont forget to check out our page bonzgrafx.com also like us on fb facebook.com/pages/BONZ-Gra… thanks!
please follow me back?
May 26th at Beer Co? :)
Dear John is my favorite movie. And also My favorite song <3 Aww that movie never gets old. I cry every time.
not today foo. Who's having the fight tomorrow?
RT Are you ready for a new relationship? Psu:ama wants to take things to the next level... See you tomorrow!! 4pm sba 160.
I read one of your post & u said u like to go to da boat Witch one?
#1OfMyFlaws i tend to keep stuff in
Im cryin rite now for Scotty tears tears tears :( ;(
Having a midnight homework party! YAY FINALS WEEK!
Mom, Dad it's okay that your on Facebook. But please don't invade twitter now.
Renunciation being an effect, one cannot practice renunciation. One has merely to follow the Path of Action. Renunciation follows.
Thank you! “ U look beautiful”
Had an eventful weekend. Gearing up for Vegas this weekend and The Luxor!
People at the gym, It's a work out not a fashion show.
this stuff aint working
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657. i love your videos and i hope you will follow me back. =)
thank you, NBCLA - I can always count on your
El Meson for the second night in a row.
Just seen seen #KirkHammett, #PartyRockin in #WALMART everyday he's shuffling - I just #LMFAO!
Thanks for some of the most fun I've had at the theatre in a long time! We loved "The Complete Works of William Shakespeare"!
to sleep, or not to sleep.
i'm glad you found woodward gardens! it's a gem that i've looked at more than once. -
vanilla bean: red wine chocolate cake
Anyone have any good recommendations for design/media podcasts, audio only please.
nice earrings justin bieber!!.
I am
she totally is. I knew it
Coming to work on the same day that I'll be leaving the country for 3 weeks sounded like a much better idea last week
bottom right corner, I don't know
May your New Years be full of Peace, Love, Great Heath and Prosperity that only can b given by Our heavenly Father. Happy New Years.
What about us hoarders who already have OCD? We keep everything... In alphabetical order.
I don't wear hats to concerts because I might buy one LOL
Watching / The Singing bee
the joke sharae just told me >
Try "My Favorite Things" Serene, thoughtful and refreshing, lol
Cubs vs Brewers. Predictions?
IF U GOT LIKE 30 THOUSAND TWEETS AND 300 FOLLOWERS DEATIVATE LUV CAUSE U BE TALKIN TO YASELF
I don't split hairs, I split whats. What can they possibly do? What do they actually do?
U smile, I smile PLZ follow back:]
Can you please tell me how you got so many people following. My shuts down at 2,000. Please help! Thanks Ellen
OK. the challenge today is to find people who have not taken today off for Good Friday. To all of us who are workin' today Generate Revenue
- You're gonna be great. Just wish I could be there too.
Whaaa Jay-Z and Kanye sicretly made an album!!!! o.O
Great Morning to the universe.
2 more hours until we premiere our viral video!! Check back at 8 PM :-)
Cliff welcomes KCK Mayor Joe Reardon to the stage.
#goodiemob You'r my beginning my end you'r my sister lover and friend guardin your light from within gotto respect yourself before I can
Headed downstairs to shoot some post-game locker room video for #Nuggets-#Lakers. 3.5 mins to play.
Sometimes you have too accept things , no matter how bad you want things too change.
Megan Fox wouldn&#39;t want to be ugly
Tell him no but that you'll make it haunted real fast if it means he'll come lol
is sharing his creepy fantasies.
i don't wanna go to dance tonight because i feel sick. but of course my mom is making me go.
Pay those who work for you not as little as you can but instead as much as profits will allow.
sip ya toy vieja
follow me? :) #Believe 2
Looking forward to Columbia City Coffee Forch on Your Porch tonight at 6pm! Hope to see you there!
I can't tell you how many times he's given me the exact same look he's giving Milton Bradley in that picture.
Someone asked me if I have a place to stay in LA. I said, "I do and it reaches every floor of the building."
♀♀ Special Shoutzout ♀♀ to our beautiful #LGBT followers! KEEP rockin with us
Bout to save me some lives 😁😷💉
nice run! Keep Blue being noticed
thats typical with people that have no fucking idea about the technology they use to run their company
Thx! #outliers is the best kind of brain food! LIstening 2 it 2 & from University & earning extra credit as I go.
No. You are
will do!
Keebler Elves don't get nearly the amount of respect as their brethren in Rivendell.
Gus Johnson is another that no one can possibly hate.
Fighting the urge to get a Big Mac for breakfast... (well, early lunch I guess)
I dislike mondays
see you at school :)
I don't know what to do after prom.
no prob, Ravi! Everyone is great. Hope all is well on your end. :)
Official TJ Second City Summer Spectacular review: Amusing show but glad I won tickets--not worth the $30-45 ticket price, to be honest!
ditto man!
Oh cripes! C'mon Birds - do something good!
I want to swim!!!
{I like them}
hope you like it! <3
It's a boy! Tom Turkey has arrived on the park. Last seen sprinting from the park across Harbor Drive.
LMAO CHUCK NORRIS WHAT
When you can't help who you fall in love with love doesn't let you walk away.
RT : The Assembly Committee on Transportation is going to vote on RTA bill tomorrow. It's about time.
blah... good call, you're right “: FSN didn't televise that game.”
i talk hell of cash money shit. make me shut up
Thanks so much for the RT!☺
lolol I told you it was gonna happen ;b
I love ryan's personality he tew funny i adore it i be laughin for hours wit him
This means that politics happens on the level of packets, and we have to consider this as a "public address" structure.
Saxons vs. Vikings. Those were good times for the beard.
Another meeting for fest planning over and out. The venue search for Oct 2012 continues....
LOL and slightly obsessed!! :)
Family's back, guess quite time is OVER!!! lol. Maybe not!
absolutely! Always happy to share neat stuff like yours :)
Mike NBC has had the olympics since '96-Atlanta not '98 as broadcast at 6, correction for 11PM prompter...
do u think we're retarded~.~
Thx back at ya! RT : Just had a 1 on 1 coaching session with  thanks so much!
pop da pussy
We love you more!!!! RT : I love my fans!! That's all.
Thomas Gold tonight . Come early its gonna be insane. Chris&Dave
Fellow worker was thrown against a car by the richmond pd
Thanks and - really enjoyed the conversation at
I'm in tonight's episode of "Monster Man" on with the fantastically bizarre 10p/9pC
awww shucks don't flatter me
Honestly , I bet a bunch of people would want to buy 's braces from eBay. lol
Good for her. Steinem won't be watching NBC's The Playboy Club when it premieres in Sept. Me either!
Latos looking like an Ace for Reds
I had to. lobbed that one up for me.
like i read your tweets fuck nigga
Why can't I log into my account?
This is what I hear when my teacher talks womp womp womp
We are currently looking for a new handicapper! Please send resumes and info to now! Thanks!
Wanna know how to spell sexy? A-U-S-T-I-N M-A-H-O-N-E.
can sum1 please tweet me im bored
U da best
Nowak: Everybody is ready mentally, physically after the Seattle game
Fun fact: Twitter's fail whale page is responsive.
RT : LOVE MINE! RT : shows newest spring selections of makeup and fashion!...
did you go to school??
literally all of mine are me and band guys i need just me
I steal followers
You my friend are a poser
Thanks to all who went to last night! It was a great way to support HOPE worldwide :)
Lorri worked with GOP governor to fix military benefits and keep preschools open.
idk! its so stressful !
Sure glad they went with a run up the middle. They have been so effective lately.
thanks so much maureen!
Woo hoo! Finished an outline for a paper I will be drafting over the next couple of weeks.
coffee Fri 9:00 4-20 at Babycakes (sorry Mike ran out of room on the other tweet)
Who do you think is the best player in the league?
at least you are already there in case things change!
Just picked up Joel Piniero. I surprise myself sometimes with how good I am.
95-93 ISU with lead and ball, 35.8 on game clock, 29 on shot clock. Redbirds would travel to the Farm for second round if they hold on.
hate when people ask: "why himself will not find a guy?" it feels like to find a guy, anyway, that for some bread to go
fishing all day. < 3
duh. I put it at the top of our homepage. And by "our homepage" I mean the deleted messages folder of my email.
thanks for all the mentions. We can't wait to begin serving Sac.
Pumpkin spice latte! Needed it bad this morning!
not sure he knows how
I don't recommend using a pen to reach an itch in the middle of your back.
quite a bit. My YouTube channel is CockrumVideos. I'm mobile right now and can't copy link.
Being productive on my day off but still can't get this grad school essay finished! Severe writers block...
Adele is a confusing queen. What does FANK YOU mean? Help!
will I get to see you today? I am free after 3
You make a better door than a guy.
Im Not Worried About The Past , Because Im Focused On The Future
RT : Happy Earth Day! The single best thing you can do to help the environment is to go veg.
There's needs to be more of and less of that bullshit y'all swag fags listen to.
asks about writing process. Ping: "We interview, collect & try to hear language. First reading is for cast feedback."
Thanks for the Welcome! It's so nice out here!
hey it's still a step above waffle house... sometimes, lol
Solis Energy is your solution! Anything from remote power sources, emergency back up power or a bridge for an intermittent power source!
Ophthalmologists urged to be alert for signs of child abuse
Brunch at brocach
I'm still planning on writing the #lawschool Rules of Un-Civil Procedure.
It takes time to succeed because success is merely the natural reward of taking time to do anything well.
feeling lazy
EEEKKKKK!!! So exciting!
We hope that everyone had a lovely Mother's Day weekend!
Welcome to everyone who is new!
What's Mick Jagger doin with Clinton at the #worldcup?
Glad you are cheery! See you soon!
Good Morning world
its barely even misting, yet people are running around LA with umbrellas....would love to see a blizzard - would be complete chaos :)
..you guys have any good coupons? ..I take a cooler of Rockstar Roasted with me when I am filming, I'm kind of addicted!
omg let niall have a girlfriend! if that girl even is his girlfriend! he has friends in Ireland ok ?! he is aloud to kiss girls on the (c)
lots and lots of family time. Graduation parties, relatives from FL visiting! How about you?!
Please remember to use the #lxchat hashtag to everyone can follow along. Thanks!
So I finally watched that movie The Crying Game. I really don't understand British humor mate. Must be funny to your peeps? ;)
GO EAGLES! Kick some hockey ass tonight, boys.
: Cool, maybe Patti Smith wore 'em in for you.
Re on driving badly: I wonder how much of the world’s art can be explained that way, actually.
you can just call me rory.
- what the heck did I do?
I feel ya though
lol no i was really askin, i aint go outside yet
Dorsey at least a share of the Coliseum League /westcoasthoops
Don't Even Look Over There Act We Aint Trippin The Next Few Dayz Potna Came Up Missing!
Its backpack not packpack.
Exercising boosts brain power, melts away stress & gives you energy to make it through a busy day. Love your body by taking care of you!
I know I'm selfish but...
"If I was a girl I'd rape me right now" - Keith while staring at himself in the mirror.
Q on why Africa does not have a continent wide military to protect its resources. Amb. Ali speaking on the African Standby Force
I can respect honest criticism. If you think I suck, Tell me I suck. Just make sure to do that ish to my face.
RT ok. Right by room service. Hit me// bet!
ya! Wat should we do
so she may be a little chunky but she sure can sing!
Ask me some questions? :)
Sheila Mikhail uses technology to make her legal services more efficient, vs. the usual ticking cab meter approach. Kudos! #ACRP2012 (S056)
jealous.... Although it was a really nice day here too. Just no beach to go to not quite warm enough anyways
about to go out. I dont wanna go to school 2marrow!
Less then three mins till. spurs go to round two....
Can everyone please follow me on KEEK - missmahonex
Teaching the Tues/Thurs class the second part of the swing today @ 5:30 pm
In Syracuse for the day
Suns falling apart... I blame
how do u have all this time for twitter lol
On Another note Adele took everything home! True talent!
Us too! RT : Had a great time last night.
- Nope, the black ones.
aww thanks for the compliment, but no ones perfect. not even me.
Leave you flowers at your headstone,just sit and talk to you my dear.
tweeps - if you folo me & I haven't folo'd you plz let me know...
btw im a 14 year old gurl :) haha im just running this for austin
follow back plz now (:
With me nothing is easy, but we will achieve every goal, you should know that!!
Rewatched Vanilla Sky late last night. Perfect movie to enjoy before ending a long day.
Looking into doing a Ted talk!
Tomorrow night 4 beers only 28 bucks from me to celebrate SIXERS win .Number 77 must buy at least 4 .please retweet.
You won't have to get go "high" to see 's #schwingit tonight. Get to by 700pm tonight!
Texting could help create a Physician-Patient relationship with a young person; office visits alone may be seen as just transactions
It sure is nice having Matt Kemp on my fantasy team. His numbers in the month of April? .450 AVG, 11 HR, 24 RBI, 22 R, 2 SB.
Thanks for the mention
lmao! Yeah buddy!
Shout out to Otis Redding for these excellent Tuesday tunes!
Thank YOU, brother!
#Steelers vs. #Browns. Who are you rooting for?
please tell Katie I'm on my way but will be late! Accident closed my exit and going around
Friendly AND Delicious!
I don't think so. All I know is Nickelodeon hasn't been airing them lately. The ratings have been "ok".
Something I'll never get sick of...seeing the word
kinda funny how these jet fans are gettin all hyped up over their newly acquired back up qb
Until you get back on the road full-time, you haven't started anything.
I don't have one xD haha ! And awww I bet :D
totally agree
The plan came together like "chaffers"!
Check out the new Dry The River album Shallow Bed! It comes out tomorrow!
Someone keep my company while I'm on watch!
Thanks much, good sir. Hope all's well with you...
my bff's said : i know that you dresses better than me, i know you more popular than me i know you're pretty than me .. i know that xd
Casey McGehee needs to be benched. He isn't turning it around. Another wasted start by our offense.
Favorite Polanski film?
I'm surprised Lamar Miller took this long to come off the board. I hope CAR takes Dennard/Washington DT (too lazy to find spelling).
are you applying to RT this summer? :)
TGIF! Come ring in the weekend with a burger, beer, and bourbon!
alright here we go! GO !!
#IfIWasPresident Mary Jane would be legal
Say what now?
Ah you're in Milwaukee!! Hope you plan on hitting on your tour of breweries. It's the best!
This is so.... sad! RT : It only takes some letter swapping to turn "Bob Ross" into "Roy Boss". Also: new avatar thanks to
Best weekend with the beau and my family :) I'm satisfied.
lol no I dont want every1 to know me anymore.!! :)
When you get nervous do your bowels go crazy? Or have I just indulged to much about my weak sphincter?
what's good ms.p i just forwarded you precise dj pack for his latest joint "shot's fired" off of the shots fired soundtrack.
Nothing much just watching Martin.
WHY THE SAINTS WILL WIN #10 - DREW, REGGIE, MARQUES - AND THE ONLY TEAM WITH A RB NAMED PIERRE - HOW'S DAT 4 SOME SWAMP GUMBO??
"Serendipity" -- a fortunate accident. :)
RT told me not to give the niggas a chance to build hate, I say fuck it I'm gon help them.
aww! I got an A in biology and chemistry! Good luck! I'm sure you'll be fine!!!
what's up?
Me, too. Le sigh! (That's French...maybe)
I know you would and Id like it hehe ;P
Researchers say that pollutants may trigger an increase in the number and size of fat cells.
yes I justed added u!
#WHO IS EATING HEALTHY
WANTED: Experienced FAST order breakfast cook! Just shoot me an email to:
My auntie just said we out here tryin to function lmao
Minor earthquake. I think. Keep calm & tweet on.Seeing the tonight in #sandiego Can't wait!
Thank u! Flattery will get u everywhere!
the Faber house purge continues. i cannot believe how much stuff we have :( so glad to be freeing ourselves from unnecessary crap!
I was believing in you. Was I mistaken? Do you say, Do you say what you mean? When you say our love could last forever.
might you be interested in a local #leesburg author to review? please contact me!
Use gtalk? :P
Thanks for the follow, John!
Ironic how as a bus rider and daddy mack, I relate much better to Kris Kross as an adult.
Thanks for the follow! The weather is getting warmer, and that can only mean one thing...
Lets Join Forces We've Got Our Guns And Horses
Pretty big disappointment. There were some big mistakes in those last 10.
Yeah, what SHE said!! RT : "You're welcome. Be good. Start doing things you love. And take care of yourself!!" momma
Know the difference between the strategic and tactical work. Tactical work should be systemized so that you can focus on the strategic work.
Woah!!?!? WHo the heack is bullying her??? >.< Beilebers about to bust some Patheitc twisted ass
bad tornadoes today. sheltered in the stairwell so I'm a little dusty, but otherwise fine :) hoping the rest of dallas fared as well.
Ah thank you soo much!! Can't wait to get the stuff!! And you tweeted me... Holy shit!
whats up! and Lol... i see to hard!
If you want #KyDerby advice from someone who is just a regular guy, talk to He hit it big time for Blue Grass with Dullahan.
I saw him too!! He was pretty f'ing awesome!
yep we need sum beatz we wanna make a mixtape.
Wanna get high nigga blaze that blunt !
“: That awkward moment when you look at a picture of you from few years ago and notice how ugly you were.” hahaha
We can't verify this, but... RT : FACT OF THE DAY: 56% of dogs and 71% of cats that enter an animal shelter are euthanized.
excellent! thought so :) knew that chef has an API. was curious about whether the hosted service exposes API as well
I like Jeff van Gundy he's funny
Congressman, thank you for convening the NoVA small business forum today. It was a very successful and informative meeting.
“: Every Miracle...Has A Price. The Currency...Is Obedience." very well said
Great - thanks for the info!
Just had lunch with cara and her gma :)))
DEVILS SCORE!!! HEHEHEHEHHE YES!
I am very much enjoying the ability to watch daytime tv. I need to join the TiVo movement just am not really sure about it lol
#shoutout to ----> XOXO! Thanks for being the 1st! Hugs across the big pond baby!
Merry Christmas to our friends near and far! May your mug always be full and may you sip it slowly.
Theres not just one reason why I love there is a list of reasons
We couldn't agree more! RT : It feels like a Friday
Someone recommend a refreshing summer cocktail involving either gin or vodka. And....go!
Lebron needs to come back in focused. Melo is going to try and put NY on his back, need Lebron to stick him
my dear...its your turn
I wanna hear Roman's Revenge...
Wondering how to archive Tabula Rasa.
and if capitalism rejects the radical ideas? Are the consequences revolution?
Sun goes up, sun goes down. Tomorrow is just another day at the office
Guy said "cool beans" to me twice today. Twice. Same guy. Same conversation. Caveman restrained. Mission accomplished.
": Shits annoying. Gets old real quick"
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before--Mae West
Fuck this class hopefully hell let us out early
Hahahaha yeah I'm amazed people participate in Black Friday, when Cyber Monday exists.
too easy-
Thought you already had a Seattle office... Love the new name!
blarg. Chocolate. Love the rice crispies and huge banana split!
Please be mine.
Always enjoy the new routines and different music. 102 classes this morning.
good move...Twitter has a great app for the droid
I’m not immature, I just know how to have fun. There's a difference.
Bout to hit the town tonight........
my name is Idella
...and don't forget the Swish Tail...Don't know what that is? Ask me. I'm a Virginia girl married to a St. Louis Man. That's some good food.
Thanks to iTunes Match, I now have 256k versions of songs that I had put off importing for years. Job well done
great news for a great cardinal
Yo got that bomb @ cant say that word Gumbo out this world!
i did
find it?
RT : David Tutera WILL be my wedding planner. ~ Mines too!
Sheree Howard, Iris Monroy, Chad Strader--great live music in Richmond, Texas this morning.
The Mayor's office has moved tomorrow's community budget briefing. It will now be at Taft Middle School on May 1 from 6-7pm
Im bored who wants a S/O???
Do not understand congressional elections. Did the cong districts get redrawn too? Is CA-52 now 50? Who is running against Duncan Hunter?
kevin with the black and white back pack and who dated Avery last year
Is there a best day for you soon? I work Thursday through Sunday this week. There's a poker game in Bothell, if you guys want!
...in conversations about what a de-funded academic publishing landscape might look like & its implications for scholarship
It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has. — Henry Ward Beecher
- lol. you'll might have to "pre-load" - can you imagine getting a refill from a bartender?
Water water everywhere, but none that I'd like to drink...
oh god.
Rockies outfielder Carlos Gonzalez joins The Score right now. Check it out on AM1510! Give us a call at 303-297-1510...
Who knew Sonicbids was owned by Kraft?!
#amexarcadefire clearly hipster indie bands like to climb into the crowd during songs. . saw the same thing show Boston
thanks boogeyman for the follow,) J. Armani
challenge accepted.
just saw #Transformers. loved it!!! fav of the 3
Awesome Day! Our new #ecofriendly inks made the plane to Gulu, met some awesome friends & we're stoked 4 concert tomorrow in OC
Just passed by a slaughter house and saw a bunch of cows waiting for their turn:(
Never allow someone to become you're priority when you are only their option
Competition is a painful thing, but it produces great results.
"#Philanthropy's biggest public value is becoming the data we make available, rather than our grants." at
u r a sun is sinning dude, guy has to rededicate himself, to game if not out the league in 2 yrs same story as other b4 him
Can't sleep to excited for 2mrw feast !
When you lying in your casket at your funeral even niggas that you disagree w/ maybe had a beef w/ will start crying when they viewing you
Time to shine
I never do this but tomorow someones gonna get tweet num 800
lots of recent research dispelling learning styles. #justsaying Don't necessarily agree.
I maintain property taxes are probably the most unimaginative possible solution to the problem.
Yes, but you were smart and suggested people RT.
we will stand against violence & intimidation. we will stand 4 the rights & dignity of all human beings - President Obama
New York.
Tinky Winky is trending? is that supposed to be the gay one?.
I accept it I'm not normal,I'm a Psycho-Crazy,weird & different person It's just 'Cuz idon't follow the moves of other people,I'm not a copy
And definitely can't forget...#FF !! :)
rupert! Oh hai! bbc?! whatcha doing for them? that's awesome!
Can't wait to see it! We could use some hope!
Your the reason for my happiness(;
made the Deans List once again this semester. to think I was strugglin on academic probation 2yrs ago; proud of myself!
Don't let get going about merger talks, synergies. Tell him you heard someone at Oxford was eager to chat.
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate
That was me :-\
The truth hurts, but it doesn’t kill. The lie pleases, but it doesn’t heal. - Unknown
12/12/12 is officially Aaron Rodgers day in Wisconsin. Lets hope we`re all still alive to celebrate.
aw hell people finding me on #grindr , that saw me and are like "heyy cutie"
Watching The TI SHow
Merry Christmas everybody.
Cause twitter is boring without u haha
I am a retired LEO. He should have never been hired last year. There were better & or more experienced candidates for the job.
Don't the Jets already have one of those.
Wow! Great fight!
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
When we open our Russian office for The Idea People, we're going to partner with !
Throwing a party for my birthday Friday, I expect alot of people to show up!
Want to see Coop's on the Food Network?! Mention and let him know what you love about Coop's!!
a job is a job. Fight the blight and then come back and help us with more power behind ya.
Inside scoop: Big 3 out!
must suck to be in the public eye and not able to really say what's on your mind on twitter. OH NOES WHAT WILL THEY THINK?
Am I the only one who cranks up "Celebrate" by Kool and the Gang when the clocks strikes 5?
Ain't nothing like a little Mahalia Jackson in the morning...:)
haha, it's the same story here in #Spokane - lots of rain and some snow! RT Did I miss something...like Spring and Summer???
Can they just skip all this shit and get to Cena vs The Rock
Always been in N.Y.
You have to modify the playlist too. Easy to delete from there, but it is another step I've found that is needed.
Yes, I believe you! You aren't so bad yourself, doll face!
Finishing up planting tulips that were in the sunroom. A little late but they will be nice for next yr.
crashlanded from work, change clothes, which guitar tonight?, off to play the deli...
Jose Reyes pulling himself out of a game to protect his batting average with the title on the line was bush league.
Packers did peak too early, much like the Brewers in August.
You give me your all and ima send it back with interest
RT My grandparents arguing is so funny! Lord! Lmaf! <<OH LORD! LMAO
. Legislative Breakfast fixing to hear about Governor's priorities for session ...
Elvis Costello's "Shipbuilding" on CD101 and for just awhile, all is right with the world.
Lmfao Shawn An Ass !
In Providence today speaking at the Lincoln School during their Global Engagement conference!
Venue has been BOOKED!! More details to come. Stay Tuned. :):)
Don't lead me; I don't like it! Don't even follow me; I might not care! Just walk beside me and i will love it!
": I'm good enough, I'm smart enough, and doggonit, people like me!" Always a classic!
I tried. You don't want to be with me, You just want to talk shit to me..
Alright Alright Alrigghhht !
I guess we all need to bring out our inner child, to remember fun & delight. Grown ups can be +so+ sadly serious sometimes, haha :)
Dancing and singing to Adina Howard's "Freak Like Me" is truly entertaining both boys.
LLAMA FACE
Hey, don't rein in my parade! RT Ah, the Mecklem love of excitement and daring surfaces yet again. Rein it in, man.
The thing is, numbers have always been important. Problem was, they were the wrong numbers.
D.O.D. babaaay 😉 text me!
mine too! Thanks for following!
Working on a new article, you guys are gonna love !!
I have the power. WATCH.
Plowing through some work I think I hear the vague echos of 's voice from down the hall....
Have you stopped to see us in the Pittsburgh Mills Mall? If so, tell us what you think.
it's official, bob's pizza is for sure the best pizza in mooresville ❤❤❤
Picked up the Adele 21 CD a couple days ago. Good stuff. I heard the song on the radio and actually purchased it. Music isn't dead yet!
I'm tired gettin off of twitter
oh okay lol
haha and I was screaming Pitbull !!!!!!!
god im so ready to be done, next week i will be done with tests and ready to leave for home
What's Canada?
i'm known to be a kale thief. Although I'm more of a roasted seaweed guy.
After 2 weeks, finally feeling better today. Rewarded self with short hike and cocktail and now my cough and earache is back
Thank you for staying w/us while you were in C H I C A G O ! Hope you all had a great time! Please, send us your feedback!!
Go Hard 4 CHRIST everyday so that ur Light will shine for Him and Give Him all the Glory and Honor!! # God is great!!
Ooh just noticed this - where were higher ed camps and who came???
on the phone with my babe
Hap-hap-happiest of birthdays to one of my favorite people, XO
Your mouth.. Tastes like my cat? O.o
Point well taken.
Killer time at the brookwood last night with Brain...
Pechakucha tonight! My Dana is giving a presentation. Awesome night ahead
Hova the God nigga blasphemy. I'm everywhere internationally, ask for me. I ain't neva scared.. I'm everywhere you ain't NEVER there.
At da park wid my son; son and mom time
It feels Great to be Selling CD's World wide. Never let anything or anyone say you can't do what the FUCK you want to do. INDEPENDENT 4-LIFE
Why snitch when you still gone get time
RT : CriticalPast Introduces One of the World’s Largest Online Archives of Historic Film Footage and Photo Images...
Program cycle special for level 2 - $85 Program cycle special for Advance - $99 by registration only!
I gather them up Knit them back together Stronger than before #haiku 2
great talk by mandelbaum & last night at the 92nd st. Y. looking forward to reading 'that used to be us.'
is coming to the town ballroom.
Whelp , sitting at home...doing nothing
YOU are trying to make this just abt Bain. As gov???? How were those jobs?
I actually know other Bulls Fans who like the Heat lol i know a good amount and heat fans who also like to the Bulls.
gosh...the moonwalking guy with his own boombox. WTH?
You are welcome! Hope you have a great day! Talk soon! :)
Shopped at reckless records for #SmallBizSaturday in chicago.
Al parecer el Fan Book ya le llego a :)
I've closed many books in the past and vowed never to revisit them. Now I turn a page daily and write my own story!
Is having some fun still with my new elec. device
We'll be running some great promos this week! Stay tuned for more details.
A break from beach weather makes for fantastic massage weather. Bring in a friend and enjoy a massage date!
it's cool just let me know
cool! Haven't had a girls day out in years. I'm from Atlanta :-)
couldn't agree more! OR when they do that fake cough?! RUDE!
performing some quality control on a preliminary inventory for my behemoth collection.
Stop by the booth #1503 at 12:30 for a presentation entitled, " Mobility - Sybase" & you could win a $25 gift card
On the plus side, I'd also be able to earn the platinum trophy if I tried hard enough.
#RIP Jorge & Miranda
somehow I can't help feeling this is symbolic of something.
Go Saints!
Hello All, Enjoying summer vacation!! Reading about new education system of USA specially STAAR test
Possible. RT : I had an interesting theory: what if Mr. Harris is a hunter too? Or hired to watch over Scott?
Thank you to Scott W. for his positive feedback! "Armando & Chris were very friendly and they did a great job cleaning our tile and carpet."
Best compliment I've ever received. <3
I was just looking through the OB group docs, and I noticed there hasn't been an overcast in a while. What happened to it?
My schools dance class just did a flash mob to Nicki Minaj's song Starships!!! It was awesome(: shoulda recorded it...
Well that was quick! Our EC Support Center is back on the interwebs & ready to handle customer chats, tickets & emails once again.
Its something about ur face that make me wanna kick u in it.....ijs
RT #Oscars What is that beeping sound? am I the only one who hears it?
The way me and Genesis easily walked out of campus and stole mad munchies from family dollar without getting caught >>>>>>
and Seacrest is always trying to save electricity.
And if I remember correctly, you have a repeat offender on your hands.
Fuck twitter... fuck everyone right now
I think I'm a keep to myself ...
I cheated on my FEARS , broke up with my DOUBTS , got engaged to my FAITH , and now im married to my DREAMS ! <3
Omg saw this cute little kid with emo hair
#NBAPLAYOFFS White Swan, Black Mamba
Single-family originations by commercial banks and savings institutions jumped 23% in the fourth quarter
Thanks to for giving Rebecca Medrano a chance to speak about #OCCUPY GALA on air! Don't miss the show-- Apr 13 & 14 @ 8pm.
Great conversation with . Looking forward to all the possibilities for digital integration and increased footprint!
Totally could see it. Let's make it happen! Just have me on as a guest like once a month.
Just finished two math assignments smh... Now all I have left to do is read this history chapter that is 50pgs long -____-
#iamblessed to have a nice package! ;) (via ) LOL!!!!
I have to be honest...I have no idea what/who is a Suzie!
we love door county, let us know, we grow our own dwarf montmoroncey cherries on site, if the birds dont get them.
Seeing the Blue Man Group at the Marcus Center? Stop by for dinner and we'll shuttle you to the door! No parking hassles!
no i dont i just act like i do get mad :o but its all good
I miss you, too. Come see me sometime. I only live 3 minutes away silly!
Today is World Press Day. Have you hugged a journalist today
Greetings fr GORGEOUS Vancouver, BC - Mountains,water everywhere, feels like you're IN a painting!Looking forward to the workshop this week!
shoot!!! I missed "how weird street fair" again!!!!
Ordered some #GirlScout cookies yesterday...can't wait for them to arrive!
2 wrong on this UN test=A. Hell yeah
when your single it's great you have all sort of friends but then you become attached and suddenly you look for couple friends
If you need a job done well, give it to a busy women...honored to speak to the Women's Network of NKY today.
ok can we tweet you about the #Fakers?
they crushed it!
how much time till yer home?
Don't speak unless you can improve on the silence. ~Spanish Proverb
Watch out for soulless careerists. #networking night.
Holy crap, I got a RT from Marvel!! Awesome. I want to write for them. I hope they read that one too. :)
Removes embarrassing stains from contour sheets. That's right.
I know they've done 2 in a row before, not sure about 3. I think if they had waited an hour, they buses would've started.
Witness the fitness
Done hanging out with anyone who doesn't play Softball.
Lets rock -Al Bundy
Hello World! Just another Wordpress Blog. J/K! First official tweet from Social Savvy Geek's senior department. :)
Sometimes recordings document live improv performance. Sometimes perf is cut, rearranged - composed for the medium.
who? lol RT I'm watching this nigga snitch on me and he don't even know I'm watching...
Had a great time in San Antonio....but always good to get back to Wisco!
I think this teacher is a dyke.
Awesome - we are too! RT : excited for some late night rose tonight!
Watching a Metallica documentary, what a good Friday night
What else is there to do on a Wednesday morning at 10:30 other than go to an Aeros game?
you could but ur not. And its funny:p
Nice bikes!
Mental health, drug abuse agencies to merge - Chillicothe Gazette
#raw10 Had a Friend that had Turrets Syn it was bad when he got nervous. We was walkin thru the hood n a Gang got mad cause he cussed @ them
LMAO! They're all fakers on that side these days...sad! I'm glad you're there pointing it out for us KO!
That really does sum up the Northwoods. "Craigslist ad to sell snowmobile answered in person by Level 2 sex offender."
I will believe me..I am a pack fan NOTHING GETS ME DOWN!! Back surgery...sick..NOTHING!!!!!!lol
Morning Joe is live from Miami Beach. Live tweet it! RT : Kind of a slow social media morning isn't it? Someone entertain me.
Hey Want to get in our our pilot launch? This means free advertising for you on keychains around the city. DM for more info!
#Cardinals DE Calais Campbell signed a five-year, $55 million deal that includes $31 million guaranteed
And the worms?
:) we hope you have a good rest of the night and get some dinner! We hope to see you soon!
Friday the 13th again? Man, these come around so often, it seems...Running out of ways to celebrate.
Fraser says he really wants and cares about VP position
lol the worst 😳
I've got just the thing to get your mind off of it
RFT Expect the bs, but NEVER accept it
yeah I know tell me about it and please come to warped!
Clyde Stubblefield's drums are the backbone of hip-hop. Clyde Stubblefield is UNSUNG!!!
RT Israel and its Palestinian Authority by announcing a "deal" hope to make it a fait accompli on their own terms.
Reppin and s button! :)
okay Ill head back over there in a bit
Follow back :)
Golf basketball miracle and hockey all gonna b on in a half hour. If it weren't for needing to study this would b epic
Let's hope PBS does a better job than CNN.
the mosquito or your muscle?
You're not the only one.
Yeah! Morgan Freeman's dead hand!!
welcome to our neighborhood coach!
Thanks for signing up! Now share and win your free download at the end of the month!
Great!! “: Just saw my oncologist: cancers ass is still thoroughly and completely kicked.”
Harry's favourite vegetable is sweet corn.
Ouch! 8am Monday meetings?! I don't have one of those, but I still managed to squeeze in a couple hours today.
Counting down the minutes until America's Got Talent! Couldn't be more stoked. :D
Zac Efron's friends trash his house
": My daughter be having a full on conversation every morning about who knows what. <3" gabba gabba goo gabba :D
Good find. Don't know what happened. No mention on Twitter or NBC.
": In the office alone. Last man standing. Want my holiday to begin NOW!"<-thats you to a tee!
"to be smart you have to think...to be wise you have to be thoughtful"-creepy guy in the mirror
