Best seat in the house for Oscars and yes I'm wearing Calvin Klein...pajamas...cause the best seat is my COUCH....Oscar time baby!
glad to hear you made the right choice. Next time make it a glass of piattelli. We are an Argentine Winemaker. Great wine
Thanks to those people that came out for the event today. We had a great time and I think people liked it. Interview w/ KXAN tomorrow!
are you guys going to do anything on ESPN Classic for Joe Pa? In years past ESPN Classic has done some good tributes to coaches!
The way you talk.. that's me.
Rocky has a weak weenie. Any horrible shock makes him dribble a bit. I find it kinda funny and annoying a bit, too.
so far so good. I'm getting ready for the gym. Then work after that.
Happy hour!
I'll take a coffee jelly, too!
Ack - twitter spam takeover?!? Getting fake msg from followers and spam mentions?
Nevva Gave Two Fucks Double Rubbers
he made you guys write about it? o:
and you too!!
working on creating my own website...great communication tool to use with parents
RT : Thanks to all my followers the old and new- itz easy following beauty worth following :)
Success! Made it to Vancouver in time to enjoy the perfect weather for a few hours.
For tonight's guest list, send names to 916-295-0720.
So many bell and light options for my bike!
Does anyone have any awesome New Year's resolutions? How about some mediocre ones?
This sartuday night the full moon will be the largest of the year. Cool
Dropped 14.5 pounds in 6 weeks, 7 to go, goal will then be met. I think I can that in 4 more weeks.
Byron can die in a fire
Rise and shine, it's brunch time!
wtf...im so sick of every body tlkin bout the earthquake....you planning your death rite dere if you sayin we gonn die
Woo this girl is so shady
We're at LMU hydrating near the Del Rey North Dorms - swing by for an ice cold ! Stay Hydrated, Lions!
u rule back! Lol
Very cool and thanks for posting a pic of your cake printed with Inkedibles. Enjoy!
I knew you would appreciate my insight
#sixmiles are near st. Louis... might be my only fellow cardinals supporters at
Went in for summer highlights and came out with MUCH lighter hair! Lol
You'll just end up being someone else to blame.
Good picks! Definitely my micro-plane and lime juicer too! Also love my salad dressing immersion blender.
Traded for M. Lynch so that I didn't have to start both Texans' backs..he got hurt in pregame so had to start them anyway..it worked out ok
Unless you count it as a glitch in logic and common sense. ;-) /cc
I was referring to me making fun of the crappy #SawItOnFSOhio hashtag. I'm just using it to make fun of how stupid it is.
New Banging to that new put here in Miami just dropped like a minute ago..
#Dad2Be tips RT Single dad night tonight so its meat based dinner and "Senna" for me. Once I bribe the kids to bed.
The World’s Longest Bar is over 405 ft long with 160 bar stools! I cant imagine what their busy night looks like.
Its hilarious man..lol
ARod stepping up in Post..WOW
I don't know I seriously liked #HowtoMakeit and thought it was a great ode to the NYC young-gunners... You tryna shaft my generation??
I asked the same question at the show in Dayton two weeks ago.
I'm happy to share our mortgage dude's info, if you guys want it!
Can we leave our car in valet while we see #AdamCarolla? Show starts at 8. :)
Waiting for the bus on 27 & North an old man says to me "white man in the hood, damn that's good." Not sure how to respond I smile and nod.
Agreed! GCB is great! It will be missed! :(
ok. I just didnt knw wht else to say.
pray for those who lost family in 9/11. it was a tragic day.
Life sucks and then you die.
I love training so much, I'm going to two four hour sessions today. Yay?
how can I get the July/August 2011 Big Guns of Texas issue?
Pain is temporary, pride is forever
Are you planning on remodeling this spring? What projects are on your "to do" list?
oh my bad. Vinewood? Lakewood? Sound the same to me. Ha ha. Rob, I found you in our '85 yearbook!!! Classic!
Y'all are perfect.
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked saying "I get it" when someone tells a joke...you don't wanna seem lame so just say you get it when you have no clue
feeling blessed... got training tmrrw. im excited abt it, this might be the turnabout in my life, and set me straight!
nice. Vietnam vets are badasses... Everyone thats in wished theyy could be like those guys. Especially machine gunners, which i am
I love Animaniacs.
When your best friend is with a douche bag<<<<
so true
Aaron Houdini Rodgers....gets himself outta trouble, and throws a TD....this guy is friggin AWESOME
Good day 5280!!!
pandora, doing this packet !
RT if your sleepy :)
Thanks for posting photo of #drakerelays street painting. There are times when I miss Drake! (winter is not one of those times)
a word that was rarely used beyond academic and arts circles but has exploded and is everywhere--usually in connection with a cliche
GETTING THEM DONE FOR THE WEEKEND
Anyone looking for a website for the business? I'm working on a website that will be available for purchase soon! Be on the lookout!
yeah, one of the stadiums is in my city too, pretty cool.
Nearly 5000 without power on Albuquerque's West Side. More info soon on www.krqe.com.
Stay classy Big 12!
If the Nats are in contention, they won't shut him down.
“: really k was late. Go XU!” isn't it Go Gangsta's!
Screw pcs. Fuckin crashing and ruining my studio day.
“: I have the worst gay-dar.”- me too! Cannot differentiate.
We just walked by some 5th grade boys playing basketball at St. Therese and Letty went NUTS
SCREW EM! your the best Aaron!!! REPEAT SB MVP!!!!
Yay our pic is cute! You were a great model!
You know you live in the future when #hackers use data to make apps farmers use to grow fruit in hidden lands in one day.
Thanks for the RT and the follow ! Have any good weekend recommendations?
Misread that as giraffe at first. Might have been a more interesting article.
What's up my Sac'rs!? Super Amazing Man here (or SAM for short). The Sac is sending me to Des Moines, IA Friday. What is fun to do there?
Off to Antigua tomorrow morning- Can I really rest for a week?
Don't fall in love there's just too much to lose. Don't guys just don't.
Makes you want to buy an iPad!
Damn #ARod just bombed one over the #GreenMonster. Right down the heart of the plate. Ouch.
Nice, but where's our #NoNo. “: Scott Hairston records the 10th cycle in Mets history.”
It pains me to see ears that gaged.
If only there was such a class!
we are so in if u'll still have us! maybe you could do a library slumber party/support tour?
Is it something i said ? Or just my personality
That weird place where I haven't slept but am over-caffeinated and if I sleep I'll be chased by knife-wielding killer clowns in my dreams.
“: like probably 100...:)” that's a damn great probability <3 the probability that I love you is about over 9000.
Note: The Christmas Story sucks. BAD.
it was good. Thank you for asking :)
Students may change registration or withdraw from courses without Academic Penalty through Thursday, October 27.
Gaming in library instruction actibely introduces students to spaces and librarians
how did the Melrose show and shoot interview go ? Sorry I missed it but I'll be there for the next one !
Maggie Smith has delivered several of the best lines of the evening, for sure!
Drinking OJ and relieved my internet is working again.Felt strange not being able to read email except on cell which I hate.
you are real rihanna ??
Texting while I'm pooping >
thanks billy!!
yup back down to 40s tomorrow and snow on Monday smh..I love my city but can't wait to move next month!! Enjoy TODAY!!
ditto : I am amazed at how bad the design of Apple's iCal in Lion. The pg turning delay, the skin. The same company that made iPod?
#CoachOfTheYearAward goes to Pace for being the sickest coach I've ever played for.
For we walk by faith, not by sight 2 Corinthians 5:7 it is very important to speak positivity into life into your life and believe.
Sheriff Jerry Demings now talking at #FAMU #hazing presser: 27 OCSO personnel worked on case, he says.
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy.Oliver Goldsmith
Checking out Philharmonic
sure hope so!
Man I feel good.
Get off my twitter.
I want a new case 😒
good luck
you the truth!
Rainbow Housing’s “Partner of the Year” Awarded to United States Golf... Every spring, Rainbow Housing Assistance Corporation (Rain
Agreed!! I'll go with your thought process. Lol
wedding registry wasted... time for a nap
Thanks, ! Would love to see you at #happyhour on Sept. 20! CC:
Does Love Field Airport have an air conditioner?
nope. 15 1/2 for your permit and 16 for your license :)
ya it's the start of something bad a$$
Need to find an affordable overnight camp that we can send all 4 of our kids to this summer, so that the adults can stay home and play!
#nf follow back
Bad part of watching #SAG screeners in the comfort of your home? Falling asleep. Will try again tonight....loved the Hawaiian music tho...
Make up girl isn't wearing make-up. Holy fuck!
Just woke up looking good so for that's good much love to all the people around the world coming from the black royal star go
#thatawkwardmoment when you're the sole couple on the dancefloor and thieves/caterers/men in wigs are just waiting to rob you
I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I CAN DO IIIIIITTT!!!!
kink in my neck this morning...not fun
My hair is about to be so friggin sweet 😁 👍🙆👏💜
Friday feels so far away...
I've installed the app, but I don't actively use it. It's kind of annoying to get all those FB notifications.
- Kansas City Royals
I got the same underwear that I was mowing the lawn in on earlier . fuck it. YOLO
o ok I am one the nicest people in my school people just always wants to bring some1 down I get bullied all the time
One of the best feelings in the WHOLE WORLD is when you know you are blessed with TRUE FRIENDS ♥
Living without a dream is pointless. rt
follow meh cuz my tongue is unnaturally long. Like seriously, it makes my frends run away.
Happy Birthday Stephanie Mills~ May God continue to bless you!!!
in louisville!
I agree the guy next to Vinnie interuptes everybody all the guests : (
Pasties and glitter, it shows that you do not have daddy issues
Why. Why do librarians need to have SO MANY WORDS on EVERY DAMN PAGE?
How a man plays a game shows something of his character, how he loses shows all of it.
Awesome. I think Jos has dance, but Pay and I will try to come. Thanks for letting me know.
Well, mothers day is over, guess its time to take down the tree and Christmas lights...fucking holiday season.
as a NY-er (born and raised) who loves dytopian fiction I feel like #ZoneOne was written just for me. :) My thanks!
Just saw the actor that plays Stanley from #TheOffice in an episode of
At New England Steel Drum (Pan) Festival at Sugarloaf Ski Resort..found empty gym for shooting workout this morning..
Anyone in New York (E of Chinatown on Monroe) check in on my, Aunt Sunday afternoon that would b wonderful. Please, drop me a message in box
Super! Looking forward to your set! RT : We're playing at #SXSW! 5pm on Saturday. Sweet!
Daily GTKY Question: Who’s the worst television or movie waitress/waiter of all time?
#Spurs SHOULD sweep the
M&M's are my downfall!
Shirley, thanks much for the RT. I thought it was a great article.
downloading too! Congrats!!
Dennis Miller just tweeted the f-bomb now. What next?
WTF IS THIS? Is this music ! Nick cannon stop.
Is that my Browns flask?
Waiting to finally meet with insurance about the hail damage to my car several weeks ago. This is going to be more interesting than expected
I'm just waiting for a bold, courageous restaurant that IS responsible for lost or stolen items.
whether i have a little or a lot..i like to share
"We want to see a world where all data begins with consent."
hmm.. sounds like something id like!
A friend just said to me....children are like poems, only their creators really like them.
Aren't you a virgin Ant? RT : IF I have any babies out there, Happy Mother's day to their moms!
Getting ready for tomorrow's Food Makers Group in
I think I owe more of my success in Geology to Ross Gellar than I do to my actual professor.
I'm going with #broncos over #patriots next week...#tebow has convinced me!
I will always remember where I was when I heard about Steve Jobs resigning. Twittering on my iPhone.
See Blake live at Innovate! RT Blake Mycoskie, CEO of Shoes, On Social Entrepreneurship, Good Stories, And His New Book
I totally know. And I know how parental guilt can eat away at you. You're a good dad. Only keep ppl in ur life who LIFT YOU UP! xo
For April Fool's, we went meta and flipped to all-April Fool's Day Pranks News. But now we're back to normal & feeling much better.
SHOUT OUT TO the dopest dannonest most lyrically & rhythmically dannon album since pimphand strong
All right! Now it's going to be 105° AND humid.
Using mine tomorrow to make some pulled pork. Next best thing if you can't have a smoker.
4th reboot in an hour....as soon as I ge the edit suites up, blackout occurs.....shit!
I wish, Dubai looks like a cool place.
Get off your ass and go do laundry!
Happy Friday! Get in and try our Mahi-Mahi Torta! Topped w lett, tom, and housemade tarter!
Tough call for 24x7 support. My off-hour teams are just learning SoMe, so scripts are important.
I think there may be one more in store for you then...shh
that's a good one!! Don't think I'll ever get one though
now, how are we going to do load-out...
Man am I proud to be a part of #packernation. I love it!
Aw :). We love working with you too! #GoTeam RT : It's a pleasure to work with in #Vegas You rock!
": She ain't right, but she's just right for me. -Lee Brice"
Lol manny I see it now just watch! They boutta show up with short ass shorts and converse!
Pleasantly surprised by this Six Row IIPA. Can't wait to try a few more local Saint Louis breweries over the weekend.
Walden you dumbass...that is all.
I fucked up this time idk if she go forgive me on this one..smh
I would really like to live in southern california
played a kick ass set! There are still 3 more awesome #tinygiant bands so get to !
shout out to the bro 1 luv #LEVELHEADED THE MIXTAPE
dear st patricks day people, thank you for vomiting near me, not on me.
Ouch? Congrats? :) RT : Good morning, Twitterville! I get to go to the dentist today and you don't. :)
It's great! By the way, read your piece and really liked it.
Just need 3 more followers to hit 100.
Well I can't say this much I'm actually pretty sure I aced that test!
For some reason I really like thursdays. It's a cool day.
We love when our Coopsters take pictures of their favorite plates at Coops! Be sure to mention us when you do :-)
SPOILER ALERT
I hope u did lol
Insomnia...story of my life...grrrr....o well its not like have to b up early....night loves! Xoxo
It now occurs to me you might've been being sarcastic.
wrote up an offer tonight cannot wait to get to closing.
Sometimes life is just good!!! <3
It pisses me off that you even have the nerve to talk shit about me but act all buddy buddy to my face?
you're cut off I think Anita!
KDD Group NV - Update on Sky Towers Project
When #Republicans have no one 2 choose for their nominee but #Gingrich #Romney & #Cain it's no wonder they're so damn mean & angry.
I checked out your ozonemag Fantabulous! I think you and Lingerie are an Awesome Duo. Keep bringing it.
good man.
I don't doubt it 1 bit. Vegas always follows LA a couple years later, so I'm sure it's in the works over here as well.
"We aren't breathing air. Remember The Matrix?" -Today's yoga instructor. Conclusion: We breathe pink-bubble-goo made from robot spiders.
more importantly, why are you drinking coffee at 10pm?!
roger that, good to go.
Congrats to for winning 10k inthe Adobe Creative Cloud scavenger hunt.
Make me smile everytime I talked to you.. I wish we can be friends in person not just on fb :)
Ok in out night everybody
Planking and Owl-ing.
Going to with my love bug today! Great day!
Oh dear. Hopefully they treated you better at the gala.
While you're being tortured, I think I'll go spend my Friday at puppy zone with
Remember QR Codes? Yikes. What were any of you thinking?
Great article. Thanks!
sitting here chilling want to play cod later?
Did you know that Diesels that are 98 and newer are required to get a smog check to renew your tags
Sarah Palin and I share something in common; we both can't leg go of our blackberries! (-_-) Julianne Moore (great actress)
Hahah, oh man Youtube is so funny.
Everything is falling apart in my life :'(
Having dinner & spending time with my brother is always a highlight in any day.
Vacation is awesome....walking on beach, best massage of my life and lots of good food and drink...
What's everyones favorite track off "Finally Famous" ?
really misses owning Photoshop and Illustrator.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW IF YOU DO YOU COULD WIN A PAIR OF RED BEATS BY DRE HEAD PHONES!
"The Boy Who Could Fly" IS SUCH A GOOD MOVIE ! 💙💙
Really want to start a new tv series, but can't get away from The Office.
Kacey is afraid of it.
Remember when we were kids and couldn't wait to grow up...what the hell were we thinking?
I had someone tell me they gon cheat on me oh I needed that.
we living in ah fantasy!♡
It was a perfect blend of poetry and meanness. ~ You've Got Mail
say hi to the boys from They'll be foodservice equipment and supply experts when they return to Pittsburgh!
I just went through the same conundrum. All good band names are taken. You have a rad name dude, stick with d dep.
Didn't go see anyone off to prom -__-
Mac Miller >>
Spotify flow... Music.
in whitehaven , ion know why lol .. let me go see my grandma and go home !
Excellent healthy breakfast! And you know, I Love fine tuning the already Fit and Fabulous!
Me too!!! I suddenly thought about things I want to get and got more excited.
Sometimes you come across personalities like diamonds in life. HOLD ONTO THEM!
This meeting is #boring :\
thanks for connecting, would love to see your work!! Connect with us at www.Dance4Christ.net We need more ballet.
I remember that tourney from hs day ls whose on the final?
And you looked right at me and said you didn't THINK
winner winner chicken dinner!
Echoes of silence...the weeknd
Happy Valentines Day everyone!!!!
This "Task Lead" thing... Its kinda fun. Too bad its only for two weeks...
The Spanish-language news-source with the most followers on Twitter is cc
Sweet! I'll try to make it if I can spare the hour. Sounds like fun!
No school tomorrow so we can run the golf tournament? I'll take it.
#BestTVThemesEver fresh prince!
I like you...a lot.
haha I couldn't take it anymore so, I got it cut and hasn't been that long since 7th grade.
#Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers (write a poem hundred letters or less, and tag it accordingly^^. You can handle it...)
#kids Baseball Clinic - North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Fri, May 11 7:00p: Instructors-Head Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
Aaron Rodgers and Ryan Braun will have a restaurant bearing their names. The 8*12 restaurant in Brookfield is expected to open in late June.
The problem with losing weight is that the reward for eating less is Eating even less.
Wooooohooooooo!!! Life is super sweet! I love everything! Xoxoxoxo
no school i can do this game starts at 11 cant wait
Haiti to Miami...WOW What a AMAZING way to spend Thanksgiving...puts it all in perspective!
Follow us on facebook @ facebook.com/tebowtees
Ppl love candy?!
The Children's Author Academy Session 3 starts Oct 7th More info & register at www.LauraDuksta.com/academy
Omegle – A Site Like ChatRoulette That Promises More Strangers ...
About to listen, hate I'm working when you're on live.
yea we own the name NVMe.Ent
Please everyone follow me I always follow bak
Watching one of my favorite movies #IceAge The Meltdown with
I think they will finish tonight. RT : will game be final? Restarted where at, or completely redone?
may i ask what it is
About to go to bed then I realized I had history homework to do....
No more drinking for awhile my Libra scales are losing balance
It's almost party time!! See the map below if you need directions. Convergence 1755 NW 16th St. 7:30pm-Midnight.
keep hearing we need a president like Donald Trump. what we really need is a president that actually does what they campaign about!
Come to Philly <3
are you serious? i want details!
lockouts, re-key, repair and installation, full locksmith service at the lowest prices in town.
Steak n shake milkshake, yum! 
i want a beer and a goodnights sleep
Between #MarchMadness on my laptop and #SXSW outside of this coffee shop, this #AERA paper is completely screwed.
Paramore-where the lines overlaps.
yeah and?
knows me all too well
Don't forget about Mom this Sunday! There are so many things she deserves. What are you thinking?
If you think I'm gonna fall off you're so wrong
People need to start Riding there #SkateBoards to Bullard
Sorry about that! Happy to hear that it got fixed. #Tweet4Assistance if you require any help. Enjoy the day! Any fun plans?
One Cʘsmos: Freedom and Truth, Intelligence and Reality
Robert<3 follow me (: im trying to get the whole crew to follow me!!(: and your one thats NOT following me XD change that?(;
Thanks for the follow, Bob.
thanks for the rt! Have you checked out the site?
God is involved in your life to the degree you submit yourself to His authority.
Come out tomorrow then man! Hah. We have a show down that way.
“Ideas shape the course of history.” - John Maynard Keynes
when you come to moline i BETTER get another hug from you. ;)
Awesome time at + speaker series with and last night. Helluva turnout Chicago!
#smwchic speaks of 50s style decor we grow as people we change thank goodness for 21st century
Crazy weekend in DC. Walked over 8 miles seeing the sights yesterday. Worked my tail off at our booth today.
: Thanks for your suggestion. We agree; it's so refreshing!
Visit www.miajoycandles.etsy The perfect gift for the one you love on Valentines Day?
I love that musical.
Thanks for the RT!
Maybe. And yeah, followers have been dwindling.
you creepin, purple ninja?
team Lynda F., Teresa M., and Gretel S-K gave a very informative ipad project presentation
might have to look at getting a promo code out there for march/april for spring breakers and early summer vacation planners
Hi i miss you <3 How's school :p
what about the holding penalty on the Giants on the third down play when it was 9-0? If the Giants get the first...blowout.
Chicago RT : Now that we did the Rondo argument, Chicago pizza or NY pizza?
it's a good thing we have 435 days to get in shape..
3-1 in #Soccer today as #Corinthians wins 3-0 get on the soccer list
FREE! Limited quantity of 2009 & 2010 TX Judicial Summit DVDs - pay only shipping/handling. Order at www.child.tcu.edu under DVD Sales.
What can YOU do to make it a great day? It doesn't happen to you--YOU make it happen!
Ha, oh yeah. Forgot you could actually fly into Eugene from LA. Two places that couldn't be more opposite.
#Breaktime @ Grimaldi's Brick Oven Pizza
This monstrosity weighing on my shoulders, it seeps through my blood, just hovers beneath...
“ I NEEDA DRINK”
I ♥ love this song!
Good call coach.
cant wait
C'mon Celtics! You can't be serious right now!
RT If you were ever a Buzzie at ! -CS
Breakfast at 6:45. Job site visits till 10. Then heading to corporate.
Got my haircut at Roosters today. Good scene. Free beer! Where does everybody get their hair cut? (Taylor)
Congratulations on you're followers (:
I knw u voted 2day right? U shld come enjoy the evening with me at Ted N Wally's in the old market 2nite at 10p...fun shit is bound 2 happen
That feeling when you're really tired and you finally fall into your bed. LOVEBUTTON.
and thanks for your kind words! Greatly appreciated!
Thanks Arlington for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
because we have the attention spans of squirrels? ;)
Got new ringtones. Found out I can get new text tones as well. o too lazy to plug my phone back in and do it.
Sounds good :)
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Getting away from your laptop for even 2 mins will allow your eyes to rest & keep you from getting tired.
Hmm. Okay, keep us posted if car hasn't moved in 7-10 days. No limits to parking that side of JWD.
Thanks for following! Hope u enjoy the tweets! Mostly about food.
Blacks aren't ordinary Americans? Somebody forgot to give them the memo.
Enjoying Atlanta with my special friend...I'm happy... The small things means the most to me in everything that you do..
yeah, last day there sadly! Will have to check out Oxen next time. After Akkurat we had dinner @ Soldaten Svejk. M raggmunk!
In her 'Crocs' lol RT I bet Sally Smith listens to Nickelback
So apparently doesn't have "enough information" to take a stand on Afghanistan? Someone better etch-a-sketch him a position
I hope these Chandler Jones rumors do not come true, at least in 1st round
for you! I have no idea how to respond when they say that.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Enjoy it with your families and God bless all.
Ugh monsoon. Glad I put less than zero effort into my hair this morning.
Happy birfffday to me
Thankyou all for the follow i hope you enjoy our tweets and deals.
Had a good talk with Shannea yesterday.
u still gonna kick it wit us tonight
come home to me
is moving to New York City in exactly one week! ONE WEEK!!! (Oh, and she's graduating from college tomorrow too. About fricken time.)
the stabbing story was both funny and horrifying
is covered in scratches from crawling in bushes and being attacked by Mari's cat. And now Mari owes her. Huge. Cue packing. Ahh, favors...
My packaging project actually turned out kind of awesome. I hope I can get a good picture of it.
What is going on outside?! First I hear firecrackers and now I hear either someone honking a bicycle horn or playing the trumpet..
you should be grounded.
Every day things I wanna learn: how to use the m+, m-, mr, and mc keys on a calculator.
thank you for all your support
#digitalexperience team rocking demo of responsive design case studies
Will someone give me a shoutout :(
Who!! Green machine
2 favorite hobbies getting money and spending it
HRod crapped the bed, but bullpen has mostly been good this season. No question they need Storen back, though.
You know what it is
Holidays have officially arrived, family, awesome food, tennis, and just 3 days till San Diego.
I think Kate Middleton could've done better for herself
your mean to!
cuz we <3s you, boo ;) RT: I fuggin love having a Little Big Burger just around the corner from my house. They're always hitting.
Helping a friend move hi storage unit and I keep wanting to yell, "YUP!"
The inner workings of Chile's Very Large Telescope
Can't wait to drink some mojitos for my bday tonight!
mayb he'll get them for u now that he know
I'm trying to remember the words but I really can't.
can't even swim, why does he have a surfboard? Lol.
If your thinking about using a QBBC strategy this year I would take a long look at Kolb...got plenty of weapons...
it'd probably more along the lines of mental health, stress, behaviors, etc.
Apparently the underscore was too much for some people
Newt Gingrich is an expert on space. He put the ass in Astronaut.
Surely everything is created for a reason. Surely our lives have a purpose.
FYI, your yahoo email seems to have been hacked.
thanks for following George and Diana! Have a great evening!
Droll droll droll
No 3: the delicate set of ergonomic requirements that must be met if I dont want my arm to go numb after 30secs on the comp.
wait, isn't your new place ovenless? If that's the case. you may need that pie maker.
html/css driving me nuts.
What sort of design for the Shirt? We can help you make your design a reality so you can get your shirts printed.
will your new place of employment pay for tuition?
Roommate wisdom: Passwords are like underwear, you should change them frequently and never leave them lying around haha
15 minutes left! “: better late than never! Just voted to elevate Baltimore! #otis4mayor”
Congrats to everyone who passed the HSPA , and to everyone who didn't.. Let's go hard in October guys.
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE !!!!!! (: <3333 tweet it!!
In the hospital all alone. I wish I had someone here to support me
I said alien. I think you misheard...
You are remembered for the rules you break. Douglas MacArthur
we always do!
How is it possible that I, as a garlic lover, had gone my whole life not eating garlic bagels? I want those 26.5 years of bagels back.
Everyone follow my homie real movement right here
Wade was worse for sure -- the play WORKED! He had a layup that he missed.
St. Aloysius School Breaking Down the Walls - Jackson NJ Online
I truly hope that 2012 is the year that all of this ends.
Bowling all day as Long as its Pete Weber. Gotta love a guy that talks smack and wears shades while bowling
Descendents were amazing! On to the ALL show. This is the best day ever.
Howdy, Did you get my e-mail re MUSE? Sent it to emphatic.org
exactly. Missouri is second to none for supporting a basketball team. Miami is apathetic, but sure could be good
it is all about the standing meeting.
#goodluckjohn ! :) RT I love you all the way from here in the states :)
Three Thornburg Mortgage Officers Charged with Securities Violations
Wasn't for sure w/out the suit & tie but the SKC shirt should have given it away. Next time!
Edmodo is amazing! My students love it and so do I!
This your boy Lope = Dope + Lyric and you now rocking with cha Boy. Quarta Lope aka Qp. You Dig!!
let's have another.one.... 1970s disco, lol
yep very busy so far, hoping things will calm down a bit now it's April! ;) how about you?
Omg what type of crap is going over here omg no sleep and a toothache this sucks
#school ooh well today last day soo I'm gonna miss alt of ppl :(
Exactly, so good!
My students love the semicolon. I don't know how to make them stop.
Everyone pls follow They are a wonderful organization! I hope to be doing some awesome events w/ them in the near future!
Today was an ok day just af
The only good thing about being this sick is being able to do absolutely nothing!
Congrats on the article!
It's jacking it up even more. Moving paragraphs and the picture stays in the same place.
thanks for updates. I think becuase your twitter private i can't retweet your posts to me.
it's like just now starting to bruise. But it's still all swollen),:
When I Come Home.. I'm Gonna Be A Different Person!
omg your so narsistic
Chillin with the fam before the week away
Live christian rappers lol fun fun day
some have already tripled.We don wan no middle class in collages! Sined Mitt!
1st thing we need to do is to get our talent to make there auditions that they keep missing. That's part of the $30K right there
You're right, must be the meth making me suspicious and jump-to-conclusiony.
I have no use for bodyguards, but I have very specific use for two highly trained certified public accountants. Elvis Presley
True happiness...is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose. #HelenKeller #quotes Thoughts?!?
That sounds great! I'll contact you before. Thanks so much. -Dan Jimenez (Director)
If I were to name this next class I'm looking at I think I would call it- sit Indian style and chat to your neighbor
I actually purchased and attempted to cook frog legs after watching an episode of Chopped. The show plays with your mind.
It's all thanks to Stephen Colbert.
ok, then I'll slightly agree with the "personality" part mainly because most women are born crazy anyway! :)
Thanks to Sam for calling in and a great discussion. Stay tuned - your e-mails are coming up after the break!
Sister for sure! You wouldn't ever be able to loose him!
Racing tonight at Toyota Speedway Irwindale. Come on out and watch in the demolition derby. Meet & great before the race.
Saw #TheHungerGames movie. The bf is now hooked!
Waking up after an hour and a half nap >>>>
Oh and who the hell is she?
Walking on Clouds
im tired and i dont feel good. fml
BREAKING: Chick-Fil-A employee misses target; pours milkshake mix on Goldlink server causing final grades to be massively altered.
Hella my boy got 11.hours to go": Dis nigga prolly board on his way to Jack-Town"
thanks for leaving the note on my desk. Sorry I missed you.
That's awesome!
I like your chinese blocks <3
Creativity is “gift” possessed by a lucky few. Right? Wrong. says there's a Steve Jobs or a Bob Dylan inside of all of us.
i swear i thought they were girls ;O
Want a movie star smile? Give us a call! www.kravitzdental.com
Merry Christmas, kiss my ass. Kiss his ass. Kiss your ass. Happy Hanukkah.
I'll be in LA on the 26th of this month and we could meet up like practically anywhere up there. Is that okay?
Congrats!! What did u do??
A 9 point lead on the lakers is just as good as a tie game
congrats! Keep tweeting so we can follow!
hope we get to meet up for some good old C&C time :) I miss you!
We honor the ancient games by imagining them modern. WWW.Pokatok.com
This is our House!!!
honestly, love the iPhone, wouldn't use anything else...
Tuesday special $20 Suicide Bubble Hash and $35 Sour Bubble (Sour Diesel X Bubble Gum)
Go back to where you came from....
I wanna see them again soon too :( apparently in April a bunch of awesome bands are gonna be in Covington!
Hey now! Merritt will be playing Atlantic City all week.
oh my land, chuck brown has died. so many college memories with his music. he will be missed!!!
I will hold you to it. I hope the application is victorious!
*Heartless K boot walk across timeline*
so excited that you folks understand the joy of reading missed connections.
happy new year, John!
ease up! I will eventually.
Good Luck! You'll do great! :)
My panini toscano was missing its basil today, bummeroni!
...and is a better QB than his limited playing time would indicate. Still a wild card; Wallace, he won't improve. Keep McCoy.
Your body is like a pill I shouldn't take
you're very gunny
This weekend if you want to submit questions you can! :)
☼ Super wow. Psyched to get my kayak out of winter storage tomorrow for some early season paddling!!!
Shoulder workout!
You and me both, brother. I'm 4/5ths of the way through watching the 'prequel' movies.
what do you do exactly?
just pitched in front of 500 wonderful supporters, feeling ecstatic to be here
I celebrate no man's death.
My today acting lesson was overproductive.
Librarians: if you're at the airport pass up Starbucks & check out Coffee People
haha you just woke up?
I got 37th today. No dice. Did you make it?
Hey cousin, nice to see you on twitter! Looking forward to your culinary tweets!
Ready To dance! "Today, plaza will be blazing with a fiery National Dance Day celebration. #SYTYCD ”
How bad are the ? 12-22......come on. You're the defending AL central champs!
nd yea, forreal niqka. nd yea i got a job but i wanna get another one
follow me I put pictures up of my butt all day ;)
just wait untill you read the 2nd book. It gets very emotional... But still kinky!
(Napoleon Bonaparte) Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Oh yeah! And doesn't Tinkerbell fly out of the castle?
NO ONE GETS TO DO THAT EXCEPT FOR ME!!! ABOSLUTLEY NO ONE;)
#welcometoparadise #codyjakeustream shoutoutt to Megan, Sammy, and Jackie in NY ? Pretty please ? <3 Or follow ?(:
May 17 is my b-day right? Well could you say happy birthday if u cAn? Ur my idol! ILy;)
i was told i had a big fore head by some #faketits, well u know what?I had a haircut 2day n my stylst said its not big soo booyah
endnote import endgame
HAPPY THANKSGIVING :)
Round two with the royer...I wish this thing didn't cost $1000+
Always fun when your team comes back from a 7-0 deficit
We play at 12:30 on the Aquarius Stage at ! Get over to Quik Trip park in Grand Prairie, Tx!!!
Ah. I heart Elaine. Ginger cats rock.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked will you stop singing?
He smokes weed too much!
We shared our lockers in high school.
Our crew is looking forward to hearing you speak, Stefan.
Zach ~ Wine for the people!!!
TruthRT : Im still tripping of this Nashville girl who made the show , that put a bad rep on the girls from here!
told me to stop talking to her:(
haha, did you call him Josh?
yes ma'm it is.
That moment when you secretly grab something from your friend and when he looks for it, you take it out and say "I'M A NINJA.".
Lol. RT : #D1debate needs to refer to notes to say she's been married to her husband
Congratulations on the house! I know what that's like.
- Keep your chin up my friend, things will get better soon, I'm always here for you.
Flexibility is a very attractive trait.
It don't matter. Where u at?
Endorsed RT NO PLEASE LET'S JUST PRETEND THIS WILL ALWAYS BE REAL!!
ok that link is awesome thanks a ton!
what's that like? Have you started watching Murder She Wrote and clipping coupons?
IM SORRY IM JUST SO HAPPY!
It's not really hit me yet! LOL I'll probably break down at the funeral & burial! They'll b playing Taps, always gets me! :-(
A handful of Roasted Almonds and a piece of Dark Chocolate
lol not yet, we need more money
Great. Thanks for the heads up.
As a result of not having insurance,we have decreased access to the preventive services that would allow us to live longer,healthier,lives.
this is great, we are the only ones in chucky cheese.. full run of the place :)
Thanks! You too!
Senator Alex Mooney speaking at breakfast. Excellent event!
#Christopher Plummer well deserved best supporting. And so f***ing sweet.
Time is going by so slow can't wait until I c my baby.
what's good
I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot.
you blamed oit
Too excited for tonight.
was hit by a car in a hit&run as a pedestrian...tore my shoulder all up, my surgeon had 2 put humpty dumpty back 2gether ha
But... I heard you say you loved me. And, that's the part I can't forget. I wish you'd come back to save me, 'cuz i'm dangling off the edge.
Sometimes holding a girl when she needs you, means more to her; than any gift money can buy.
Blended Learning Designs is my fav session of #eli2011 so far.
“: Picked up my show (left) and win (right) purses from the office. Only in Hong Kong!"--- Wow. Real purses!
actually they could be random ill rap to anything
surely firm decisions! and to get what you want is to recognise what you dont want and stay away from it.
Have a Slammin Sunday Tim!
Same question can be asked about Dr. Zhivago (for me, the movie)
What's the most wicked thing a group of young accountants can do?Go into town and gang-audit someone.
Booking some shows! Anybody wanna play? Check out the Facebook and comment on the status! facebook.com/collaterallive
you could just have them tweet everything. How bad can it go in 140 characters? LOL
Back in LA after a very good #rbms10 conference. Great sessions on change mgmt, born dig mss, and others. Philly a great meeting city too.
See they can trigger me But they'll never figure me out!
Besides economics, 2 trends related to RePEc: institutional repositories, open bibliographic data.
Hoping for Zack Ryder on this one
Wendi! Watch out for provocateurs bearing pies!
You bothered to wear underwear?
I LOVE LISTENING TO AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE SING
OMG I think Floyd Merriweather is so darned m!
Golf tournaments, Galas, Cigar Lounges, Steakhouses, Trade Shows and Conventions... we shine anywhere!
You're in NYC, I'm in NYC. You work for E!, I want to work for E!. I'm starting to see a pattern. Let's make this happen!
realest to ever do it.
Finally made an Instagram. I'm a photographer now, right?
You don't do Connerys? are you for serious? great to see your back on the road. I am sorry for your loss.
Not them specifically but I certainly have libertarian tendencies. Thus the Movie "Anarchist."
haha! Thank you!
Maybe not unethical, but def disadvantages poorer students (esp. if they lack unlimited data plans)
Wow! That is very cool! Thank you for sharing!
Haha, I was referring to the Peach in Gaffney. :-)
January is coming to an end, how are your New Years Resolutions holding up!? Let Wild Canyon Games help you #achieve them!! Stay tuned...
Just bought extra clickers for big division talk and student GAVE me his; said bookstore wouldn't buy it back? Lots o'good karma to you sir!
That may be the first mention of Seoul in an SOTU since Eisenhower.
haha! That's definitely how he did it.
I want one so bad hahahaha
Hi school.I'd appreciate it if you'd go my fast for the next 2 weeks.
#German #Shepherd #Dogs have even been trained by the #military for parachute jumps!
Mercury goes Direct today! Energy flows better in all communications, technology & transportation. Sign contracts, initiate new beginnings!
your gonna keep begging him until he folows you??
being Blk mean. U Against all odds. But i still wont trade it 4 nothin n da world. :)
guess what ill have an apartment this summer! you better visit :D
Just got emoji....i have been missing out...
How much can you afford?
Enjoying pour-over at Frank - Getting work done outside the office today enjoying Austin on 2 wheels :-)
Thrilled to now be connected with & #FF these brilliant folks!
Home sweet home. Think I got all of the hashtags out of my system this weekend.
Joe Daggs zips in for a try. Score now 30-5. Conversion no good.
hahah how could I ever forget lol especially how ya did me wrong ahah
Apr 1,1922: King George V congratulated Churchill on his role in creating Irish Free State.
whats even funnier, "thoughts are my own."
Lets go Brewers!
Dj Cyn at MotherLoaded Tonight for thirsty Thursdays!! Hope 2 C u!!
ah me too!
"Who do you think you are? I am!!!!" Pete Weber
Thank you so much Timothy! Happy THanksgiving! :D God bless
Hey douchebag! Yeah, you #Obama! #DontDoubleMyRates!!
Fat Peoples Necks o_O
So for my day off all my teachers gave me homework! My English teacher gave me a lot of pages to read in this book,they think I have no life
Closing a show is a bummer, but being proud of what you do is an unparalleled gift.
One more final tomorrow then i am outta here!!
Well, that would be a positive! lol RT : The only positive about this meltdown is no more Vinny next year
I keep getting food caught in the holes Where my wisdom teeth use to be. Finding it hours later. Yuck!
What did I do to deserve this? You're out of my life for good, it's my fault. Fuck my damn life.
RT Don't talk, just act. Don't say, just show. Don't promise, just prove.
Man I got some fine frats. Lord help me!
Lost? Follow me I'll take you to the high life
how's your day goin?
ill be there before that! the doors open at 530 lol i can try and save ya a seat :)
I'll be on FoxNews around 12:40 PM (EST) tomorrow. Hope you can catch it! Thanks!
OMG YOU TOO?!? :o You've actually talked to her ONCE. Remember that crazy girl that was stalking me & my friends?
I wonder how many lesbians it takes to eat a watermelon?
National Library Week will be celebrated April 8 to April 14
Any fool can downsize; it take brains, vision and fortitude to grow a business.
Scramble with friends, draw something RT : Bought my 1st IPad today. What r the "must have" apps to download?
There's so much rallying on the streets. College towns are pretty awesome.
We will be offering a special tonight - Tokyo-style Shoyu Ramen. Hope you'll stop by if you're in town this holiday weekend!
I felt like Drake made all them songs for us when i was with that mf. Smh I don't want that back.
Just won our game against ME 9-7
HITTIN THE HOME STUDIO TODAY!!
cool showing off bet
good morning Jeff
Bootie Boston now has an amazing light show! Hell yes!
I forgot how much I love Yats :)
What big plans do you have for 2012? You don't have to wait until January 1st to get started get a jump on everyone else!
If kid in coffeehouse shrieks one more time, I'll obtain legal guardianship & put him up for adoption. Stand down, tyke.
We are filming this afternoon for 'The Wall' at a wall on Rhode Island NE! Thank you to all our supporters on for this piece!
What now, Indianapolis? Let's not lose the momentum.
And so ends another Robot vs. Dinosaur sketch revue. Love and Friendship abound.
Raw kicks off with the game H!
ppl tell me that all that all time cuz hes all over my binder, and i say im just a true #Mahomie, and im proud of it!
Weather in South Beach is perfect! Can we keep it like this year round?
Gonna watch the Dog Town and Z Boys documentary with some Chado Tea Room smokey tea. #LA combos...
We have a tentative date for our Grand Opening, keep the date open..February 16th :-)
what is a great Christmas present for a couple who loves boating in Lake Havasu and Martinez Lake and rhino off roading?
Looking 4 #Love n the wrong places will eventually result n settling 4 situations that leave u feeling degraded &
Traffic makes me tired
Do you need to be bailed out?
Can we put brackins in game 2 just to rose rondo? Wrong? You bet
...miss u to babe
J. G. Gallimore: Image creates desire. You will want what you imagine.
I'm on call tonight too... 1 of 6 eh? rough...
Been wondering all day why this pair of boxers doesnt have the hole in front. Just now realized I put them on backwards this AM
ooh i love creepy/stalkerish times ;)
I'm happy today is Friday.
My first attempt was terrible. Sticky goopy dough, then spongy thick noodles. Try again! I improved. What was the problem?
I feel like hashtagging porn isn't really a smart idea.
Silent mornings are like muted operas that waltz in slow drag for that omnisupernatural cloud of exhalation through godless exaltation.
Not that the Tigers aren't capable of coming back in this game, but there's really no way in hell this game should be where it is.
4 day weekend here I come!!!
thanks for the recommendation! Sounds like she needs a Fresh Juice!
Thinking of starting a cooking blog... thoughts?
oh man, we can't be friends anymore.
Just wrote to Toyota. Prostate cancer awareness is too important to ignore!
Shouldn't have spent 9 bucks on that food
Thank you for all of the tweets!
I think I might!! Lol. I'll take lots of pictures and post them on here <3
Just voted!
Focusing on filling in my #career gaps, thanks to advice from
/ And the BUZ loves you... Way to #bringit!
1 of every 5 homes will experience a break-in or violent home invasion. Contact Alliance Security at 877-760-2143 to add a security system
I just cracked up as much as we did in science last year! haha
Congrats on reaching WS. Would root for the Nat'l league…but I haven't forgiven Cards for "rabbit-ball" excesses of the 80's.
what the fuck. are you kidding me??1
#whatilovethemost when a guy is honest with me(:
I keep getting errors when trying to link my account to my Twitter. Any help?
As in, "site optimized for PC/Laptop/Mac/Desktop/Netbook/Tablet viewing"? :)
I tend to freak out about things faster than I probably should how can I calm myself and keep relaxed?
Ewww. Almost as bad as, "Was that a cockroach?"
You should have overtly nut-punched him. Unless that's what you mean by "rejecting", in which case, high five!
Hello Twitterworld! I just made a new account to keep track of my history and museum interests.
Motivational speakers are popular for all types of meetings
Fun seeing in a comedic role! Makes me love him even more!!
So much fun! Happy to be a part of it. G did an awesome job!!
I just had the same thought yesterday. I ended up being out somewhere on 35 in the boonies.
aaaahhhh Glee and Bieber. Nothing better.
So whats up with people doing "#thatawkardmomentwhen blahblah" when they havnt even been IN that awakard moment!?
I would love for the American people to compare something. W.bruzzesiforpres.com. Take a look at the difference.
Happy Thanksgiving Woodland family! We miss you guys!
They look like they're designed by tentmakers and with lots of room for shoplifted items.
savoring the quiet house now that the boyfriend has left town for a few days...yoga time! :-)
Hold on...when did #T-Mac start playing with the
thanks girl
Las Vegas. Why not?
Now that i passed all my nursing exams lets celebrate yall! who cares if its 11am?
There are over 10 webcams monitoring the robotics lab at all times. They are watching me tweet right now.
Thanks for following, Mic. Look forward to your posting on 'BigIssues' - Heaven knows there are plenty of them.
I just heard a department manager say, "I dont know how to make manwich". Really??
well than u must hate ur self
did I just see you at a Greek restaurant on 3rd ave in NYC? If that was you my gf likes you more than me :-(
Thanks, Lisa and Becca!
Eating a vegetarian sandwich whose main feature is "ginger teriyaki seitan." It tastes much less evil than it sounds.
i like Arleen.
First class over. Students presented on proper use of punctuation. Now grading papers during lunch.
Thanks again to everyone who joined us for the May Day parade! Check back for updates on future parade opportunities.
Hey! Are you there?
you should make two of those.
HE'S SO SKINNY FJEWBHGTEHRED
Yeah, and in a strange twist the Teajadists...
is a FOOL #CelebrityGame !
Shooting scenes for "La Virgen"
Anyone searching for a super great deal in Simon Kenton Farm in Springfield, OH?
Working out with my bro time to get RIPPED!! n then baseball with the bros! ;)
haha, OK i will
It's just as bad in the US, with right-wing conservatives...male, of course...thinking they know what's best for women.
Shut up.
Tonight’s performance is by the talented band, Smalltown. Happy Hour is from 4-7 and the live music begins at 9 – see ya there!
Oh I'm fine. I was too lax about my long run hydration. You'd just go for Sunday, right? We could have a Holy Saturday funday!
Thanks for coming out D. I must say it was awsome to put smiles on so many youg faces!
I was just at a dinner and in my group was the editor of The 'Burbs and Matinee...my night was awesome.
lol well its awkward yo talking to me again
yup! So nice.
Final moving day! So ready to be done packing and carrying boxes. Limited internet in next few days. Should be back on by mid week.
If you really want to break in China, I've got the person to talk to. Not kidding.
Hm. I picked Saints by 17. Didn't realize it would happen in the 2nd Q. Come on Lions. You've got 'em where you want 'em.
Yummy Pasta Alfredo <3 My Favorite!!
Life is meaningful when a person's heart is full of love ~ Peter Dunov
well from what I heard last night. The leak? Nah. J bakes
All the way
RT :My music and certain artists are apart of my world : Dear music, thank you for always being there for me when nobody was
Hello. Maybe we can help each other. I need a programmer to work on one of my inventions.
ugh. ima need them too break up. how do you know?
Let me know if you ever need help with promo, merch, street team stuff etc. I'm looking to intern this summer. Free is good :)
I made something out of nothing thanks for NOTHING
INCREDIBLE night of dancing at #byxbarndance so blessed to have amazing guys involved in BYX here at the Eta Chapter!
what would you do if I told you id bring you some corndogs to the show on june 2
"Garbage expands so as to fill the receptacles available for its containment." --- Parkinson's Law of Garbage
love it mere bear
Part 2 on Navigating the Casual Dating Relationship forthcoming this afternoon.
great how u been
Mark Teixeira is a fan of musicals, and says his favorite play is "Les Miserables." He also enjoys "Miss Saigon" and "Phantom of the Opera."
The path of the one ends at the source.
Are we still on for the Nickelback concert in April?
Does anyone have a sample business proposal and business plan
HOLY CRAP I heard is at the JBC. He is one of the guys that made me want to get into covering games and I am here. WOW
No good holiday movies this year.
Marvelous Irish music here on Johnson Avenue in the Riverdale section of the Bronx.
I applied to target in their store. I've went to little department store in cal city by the mal & they say i have to do it online, i've
I'm not getting any of your texts and I have the same number..
so i think you and I should apply to Buffalo Wild Wings together.
This is torture. And I've heard that about book three. That's sad.
bo ties all time UW wins mark with 265. hats off to you sir.
you write about saving money and you play the lottery? hm
Enough with the "I just saw something terrible said about you" #Spam feeds! they are ridiculous!!!
Perfect weather for a hate crime.
girl ur body is always sore
At HIGHLANDER open mic (hosted by Andreas Doctor) Fredericksburg @ Medical
being a hardass is becoming the new trend
"I remain open to possibility!"
Welcome to PBS the series looks awesome.
The Political Hurricane is looking for people interesting in writing for our website. Looking for Tampa and Jax area writers.
Murley New Year!
1 day people and I'll be in Chicago!
Kudos to organizing and working on the great #NSMN event tonight!
I know I am and I'm trying. Self confidence has never been one of my strong points.
Her name is Maria Hill. Get it right.
Fast, efficient and on-time closings are just some of the benefits of working with the Randy Watkins at WJ Bradley Mortgage.
#nisoEbook Eschenfelder licenses requiring print first are increasing; also print delivery for I'LL when permitted
I think gratuitous is the word... the Mad Men writers are better than that.
Haha. Btw, since you work there, can u tell me what happened to Tommy Anders? I loved that guy.
I'm leaving the GPS below of the place that we're staying at because I am pretty sure that we will be murdered in our sleep.
create a wall and knock it down
I wonder who took that pic? They are an amazing photographer;) Beautiful as always
guuesssss il go to sleep 💤💤
How are ya on this beautiful Friday morning?!
French Market this Saturday
Forget the taste of me and follow your instinct
hey davis! whats good? i'm doing great. any shows coming up?
I cant stop crying...
#Tribefest takeaways. Read to kids--often. Get tested and get your community tested. Do good as often as possible. Drink tap water
How are you my friend!!!!
Eli wins in big brother's house. An extra special feeling for the Manning family.
Lucroy is probably one of the best hitting catchers in baseball
We are talking to bryan out there now trying to set something up in the near future ;)
Good night guys! Sucks it was raining :( it will be until Thursday then at wheels-n-meals at :)
is it from Japan?
Nicely played, my friend. :) cc:
2 more hours left of work whewww
Congrats on booking a movie in your home(Mo)town!
I got caught up.. I'll be running late.
No it's back online
Damn Flyers Come on #DEVILS WTF
I should have included attempted pun titles in the hashtag
Fck. its too late to b foolin. Lol im taking my ass to bed. No more straight vodka.o_-
as if playing uke wasn't challenging enough already - tried playing in a dream last night. fingers bending worse than usual
Looks dope!
Look forward to a great and VERY busy weekend!! And a wonderful weekend to all of you too! :)
Take it to the head 
TODAY 4-5 p.m. Art-Socy 2309: David Cotter presents "SLACer Life: Composing a Career at a Selective Liberal Arts College," reception after.
I just called my doctor to proudly announce that I self-diagnosed through WebMD. She just said "stop that"
i hate sharing a 6pack..now im one beer less
I hate it when my parents talk to me about american idol. They of all people should know i dont care about that show
more games in dimes during the regular season to adjust to the sight lines, why don't they bring back The big four games in Indy
Love it! Interception becomes a Touchdown by Packers!
it won't load the video
where did you go?
The 99th anniversary of the Federal Reserve Act is later this year and our the dollar has lost 99% of its value. Keep up the good work guys.
What would you do if you won the $54 million Mega Millions lottery?
I'm in love with baby cory :) I wish I had a boy like cory matthews #cutest 😘
Looking at the message of the campaign, one would think that having female plumbing is a special qualification for governor.
Ok, the person who answers the trivia question correct first, will get an amazing prize.
Alison Margaret jazz at Brink tonight, 8pm, no cover. My blues and soul at Sprechers Friday, 8 pm, no cover, and Sat Fitchburg Days.
I have some dumbass friends . . .
Language is the dress of thought.
yay. Your work matters “: I'm so excited that gay marriage is gonna happen in California. This is great!!!!!!!”
Absolutely! That and that it can be difficult to shift gears when you do have a bit of time to do your own stuff.
Any Chicago sports leagues looking for local sponsorship hit me up!
You'll be pleased to learn that and I are en route to Austin, in part to terrorize our boy Suggestions?
Follow Back
Lol, this live stream of UIW's commencement sucks. Do they even know there's a camera off?
ofc i will buy then i will send to your address :) ahahah
we would party!!!
HUD is making community planning tools available online. I'll have to check that out.
RT : Happy National Volunteer Week! / cc
a happy one, my dear!
Nice day for a run at lunch. Feeling good about the Baltimore 10-miler on Saturday.
Criminal justice, engineering or legal/paralegal, we offer online college education for an array of courses. Benefits here are immense...
Spending an hour on math homework is not my thing.
seersucker is perfectly acceptable anytime after Easter!
And who can love you like me.. Nobody. Who can make love to you like me. Nobody.
word up. So true, that is..
Only 8 episodes behind in watching Glee. 1) Quinn w/ pink hair = hott.
Come unto me and I will give you rest -Jesus
Anyone know of any shopping centers looking for an agency to mange their social media and online marketing?
no i lied...i hate when people wear high heeled crocs because they try to be cool...
As curator, Jay-Z is hand selecting the acts for the festival. Check your DM for further info.
Takers should have been a way better movie
Many submit to despair and fail without realizing that they already possess all the tools required to acquire excellent wealth.
And iPads are everywhere!
So sad to hear that the horse that won Steeplechase died after he finished :(
No more blimps would be sad!!
No! Like we need to work on this Booship! I asked where oh where was my Boo yesterday? No response.
major melt down 5 minutes into it. Lol
oh that's good! :D so where are you from? (:
Fn standing room holy
How did I know you wanted to order some cans of Bud Light? No, I'm not clairvoyant, I just saw you picking scabs off your face at the bar.
obviously! She doin the most. When they sing, Sue's the one who has to save the song. Hahaha
Go see "The Invention of Lying." It's crazy funny. Ricky Gervais is the sexiest chubby, pug-nosed guy on the planet. No lie.
The Cinco De Mayan calendar predicts that my world will end by 5:00 tomorrow.
RT : #edchat in Ontario you are not allowed to count any work done at home as part of grade - WOW!
Side effects suckk.
pedicures with mom for mothers day (:
Ask your Vet about Salmon Oil (Omega 3) we have it-helps reduce the allergic inflammation in pets.
Tesla 'What You Give' is an awesome song! MC Retro Rock keep it coming!
Yeah it was pretty comfortable. I think I'm just going to steal it.
Remember Stories in the Sky is free this AM at 9:30 - perfect outing for kids under 6!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Beach in the morning
RT : Catch us this Friday opening up for SLICK RICK at
haha you like that huh. Lol
Tomorrow is the big #HGTV reveal at our house! Can't WAIT! Thanks
At this secret hour, I was in my own chamber. Contrary to your expectation, I was absent.
After spending over an hour clearing snow, a second breakfast is totally justified, am I right?
Tonight is Student Night! Bring your student ID to get 2 ounces off!
Given the size of the universe...Life's ups and downs are meaningless!
I'll help the cause! lol.
I refuse to think of them as an evil. They're good things. They make civilization possible.
also: beg borrow or steal your way to Powell's and then die happy, lost in the stacks.
Marley B will be performing @ DV8 tonight for the "Stop The Violence Summit" check him out
In love, as in life, one misheard word can be tremendously important. If you tell someone you love them, for instance.
looking forward to hockey season, and ready for the hot summer heat to end, whos with me
I wish I could Google anything. I'd search "WHERE THE FUCK IS MY IPOD?" and it would be like "UNDER THE COUCH YOU DUMBASS!!!"
You like music and you want to talk to other people that like music. Then add yourself to this Group!!!
Donald and Peta are amazing,I'm in shock that and are eliminated.I hate when top couples get eliminated /:
Pretty good. Lots of stuff coming up this month: teach-ins, marches, City Council meets. We DO miss you. B good wherever you are
Music 2.0-Sonos Inc. (Santa Barbara, CA) gains US$25 Million Series C led by Index Ventures & adds Mike Volpi to board of directors.
You need to tweeter more haha lolz
There is no such thing as writing easy code in objective C. Ask my students, they know.
It's just an EP. She released it independently. It's amazing though, her sound and her vision is so unique.
seriously just wish I had money and I could just relax. I try so hard on everything and it just never pays off I want things to be different
You'll be out before me! I go till June 6th. But one day in June we go to Cedar Point(:
u always do
Worst christmas in a while.
#DJ ing @ Lucky's Lounge tonight! Eubank&Montgomery! 9pm-Close! No Cover! Top40-Rock-Hiphop-more! $2 & $3 Drink Specials!
hah! That's unfortunate.
Just signed on www.twtmuzik.net
Got a new ipad
It's such a beautiful 3 minute expression of fury and energy. It's never gotten old to me.
yes! Chicago is not a cheap place at all. We have tollways every where. Those are suppose to pay for the roads.
good luck Rupert! You really made life easier for thousands of folks
#Perfect is trending because of 's amazing GOTV work today. Also, someone named Phil Humber.
hahahahhahha i hope he does :))) what r u doing?
yeah, its harsh. There were so many bad calls in that game. But we are enjoying our bar we are drinking and singing the night away
Got muscle? I'm putting together a team to move boxes before Race for the Cure! This Sat at 5:30 am! Please let me know!
Shopping in Boston has been fun...so fun that I will be playing a game on how much I can get in my suitcases w/out breaking the zipper?
Unless you walk out into the unknown, the odds of making a difference in your life are pretty low.
awesome workout! Nothing like finishing dripping in sweat! kicks your ass!
How 'bout them COWBOYS!!!
#budlight waste of money
Aww thanks!! Yeah, Nachos are a great deal, too... so much food for only $5. Have you tried brunch yet?
your dog is the cutest <3 I want him
#ThingsIDon'tLiketoHear RT A construction crane snapped at 4 WTC, steel fell onto the site. As of now, 1 minor injury.
It's been about a year now, aint seen or heard from you. I've been missing you crazy<3
Drove past with and Liam started crying because we didn't stop. Thanks ...he's hooked :)
Cashman in tough spot now. Sox are much better and Yanks haven't landed anyone to-date. Can't see them sitting still. Grenkie?
Whole lotta sirens in Midtown Manhattan.
Liberal populist Jim Hightower on my flight to DFW this morning. In first class....hm.
me me me
#ARealBoyfriend would send two dozen roses to your door step just because. <3
Thanks, Alan! Steal away!! :-)
I used to drunk text my friends and now I send little funnies from parenting magazines.
With all the sunshine, this definitely counts as a patio friendly day! Stop in for some lunch in the sun or drinks on the patio after work.
I absolutely love & have been fortunate to be able to watch the show for many years. Why am I inclined to not tune in?
Haven't been on the twitsphere for ages! I should check in every once in a while... Cheerio!
She has presented so many Oscars, It's good to see her get one! :)
Wassup with the weekend doe
Happy #Halloween! Anyone wearing interesting costumes this year?
Last time I saw that it took a week. :(
listening, question for you...why in a drought can millions of gallons be used for gas drilling? Love Love Bible.is
re: regular education measurements - ask a museum educator
what???? Find her!! Maybe I should come now. Haha
LOL it's okay, I just bought some!!!!
You me lady ;) always gorgeous. Good seeing u, even 4 a Quik min. Go fuck that mic up grlll!!!
For great Gelato, stop by Salute Wine bar & Cafe!
#DateNightsDC Reserve a unique evening tour of the Cottage, Feb 10. Email for more info & to make your reservation
Get 20% OFF your next online order. Use Validation Code: 14nov @ www.solopizzanyc.com until this Sunday
Sorry about this issue. It should be fixed now!. If you still are unable to request, just let us know!
follow rt if u follow all of them! I will follow u back
“: So u kno I had to get down too ain't hit a nigga hard like that in a minute” I kno u ain't down there getting beat up lol
Only 4 more classes, and 4 more finals. Summer here I come!! ☀🌸👙🍉🌴
adorbs! I'm pretty sure the only reason our cats run down to the basement is so they can get rides back up in the laundry basket
If you provide me with an ETA I expect that you will be somewhat punctual.
Welcome to Twitter, ladies & gents.
Yes. He and I are Cofounders for
- glad you guys are watching and tweeting too - I don't know why I'm so into awards shows this season
thanks for this inspiration: ://articulationinc.com/blog/
let's do it.
awww that's cute :) And yes, bananas are an all time favorite of mine.
#CasualTrick gets his name from his breeding, as his dam is a daughter of Red Ransom named Casual Look
Never mind the time keeping! Thanks for your excellent moderating of the great Payments Session at #WIMA # NFC Monaco last week.
Fairly cool weather with morning clouds & fog next two days then, come Friday, we start warming up and next weeks is looking very hot!
I'm searching Facebook for people named Hontas, just because I think it would be cool... to poke a Hontas.
Is having an insane crazy brunch at Bagatelle in NYC!
is it true???
#ipad2 is. In. My. Hands.
Wassup with that Rematch????????
I just participated in the Baltimore 48 Hour Film Project as an actor. Our screening will be June 22 at the Charles Theatre in Baltimore.
Lord please have mercy upon the ones who are trying to live right. This world is getting crazier&crazier
The "gin joint" selection and housemade tonics at New Heights' Babinga Bar in NW DC really are top notch, even at $12. Also: good morning.
Congrats on the new redesign -- #nextbillion2.0 looks great!
#runningonempty ...no really though, being sick and not eating then working 9-5 the next day SUCKS. can't wait until the weekend starts.
board your face with my ass.
How about strawberry flavored penis? I'm sure you can find a guy to do that Someone come feed me strawberries
well, cuz I'm lazy and the fresh salmon at my Giant is questionable at best.
As a south asian artist in Los Angeles I found the venue for my work to be viewed and apreciated by a wide audience. www.zanbeelart.com
I wanted to hop inside of it and take a nap..
All that other shit is irrelevant.
going to pphs winter concert tomorrow, yea im a
I have no energy in my body... I guess I studied too hard lol My brain can't hand all these information plus other info :(
As long as no one knows than nobody can care
If #Romney loves this country so much and feel that #obamacare is bad then why didn't he do anything in last 4 yrs?
RT Really paying for not doing any form of exercise what so ever in the past 5 years. Is it really worth it.... Really?
Lessons from the NFL Draft: If you make some moves and trade 1 or 2 you can move up & improve your chances of getting the 1 you really need!
TOO BAD MY DAD EMAILED HIM AT THE BEGINNING OF THE WEEK TELLING HIM! MEHHH HEEEEH!
Congratulations on your wedding!
Turn on channel 3 if you were at #nopantsaz - we're on the evening news!
Girl I know how much you really want somebody, somebody that don't really need you smh. He speaking to em
I know right! We don't even really get a winter.
and not just thick in the waist but Beautiful in the face
Words can't describe how happy I am that it's finnaly friday.
Every week? LOL
yea bro I don't even make anything of it anymore...he talks shit about skip but with comments like that he is skip lol
True, but librarians need citizen support RT: Also, librarians are the best advocates for our libraries
Good morning! RT Morning!
I feel like that fish in franks twitter pic
It pisses me off so much how my friends act like I'm so stupid...
New iced teas in stock!! Blueberry, Strawberry and French Plum.
I need proof.
#np Renegade - Jay-Z x Eminem
I'll check it out:)
Nba is back!! Its about time :)
I forgot to tag y'all in my K-celeb envy but you did it for me by hollering back! Obviously I'm not as good about my Hootsuite...
by shaving one tenth off our budget for the military industrial complex, we’d all have health care and groceries forever.
to live is the most rarest thing in the world. most people exist, that is all.
oh that suck you should for get everything and come back to Fresno
Welcome home- if u haven't found a church home yet, would love to have you join me at
it takes awesome to know awesome
It's funny because I've been seeing him for years. Things just turned now. #goodnight <3
My mom called me around 1:30 and just because I didn't answer my phone, she assumes I'm still sleeping. Gee, thanks Mom. -___-
I think my room is to dark maby later I will take a pic and tweet it later :3
just at koi having b-day dinner for my buddy ice cream. Wow had the best bisque ever, so spicy so good!!!
heard a weird sound during a phone call today...i think Pioli may have tapped my iphone...
Trying to get going this morning isn't easy...I'm so congested, it's leg/booty day & I have brunch with a client! Ugh...
but how exactly?
Did I mention how much you guys rock?
Dont worry goober, I'm not! You best be getting to school on time though (;
I forgive myself for perpetuating drama in my life. I release drama and embrace freedom.
