Missing Tucson a bit
oh sherley you hit it right on the head
If a girl doesnt tell you right from wrong
Ha! Well done.
one time right before we were about to leave the flight attendant made them leave....
Great thoughts come from the heart.
I've got one for all LA County Libs, if that helps.
I wonder if banks used the same robo signers to sign the original loan documents....reading is over rated.
BET rocks but rocks more
Monday Night is Service Industry Night!! If you are in the service industry--come on in and enjoy 30% off everything!!
"Nobody Move" by Denis Johnson
A rush of blood to the head :)
Morning Houston, TX
Listening to wax on social media 'history'!
at paneras havin breakfast with my sis :)...a first
Man this class is about to be cake. He makes it so easy to get an A in his class. Lol
or bubba. Bubba might be able to bring the spark, but its way to soon
Good Morning Everbody! Have rehersal. Love you guys! xx A
Thank you so much! Don't know if you saw The Velvet Underground Tribute we did too. Doing Nick Drake's Pink Moon in January!
we don't really care for her, honestly. :)
added all those now. Also, Rocky IV & Miracle for obvious reasons.
Another lonely night on dolphin island
I'm 's belieber til the end no matter what. Luv ya <3
As Black Friday approaches, will you honor the created...or the Creator?
4 Facebook steps to Business Success: 1. Create your Facebook page 2. Connect to fans with ads 3. Engage your fans w/quality content
I see has joined the team! Welcome! 📲
HAPPY NEW YEAR! :)
I heard Mrs Obama say her fantasy and I have to say, I felt a thrill up my leg.
The Changing Book Business: An Interview with John Ujda of Better World Books (, ) by
Go to bed
A great leader’s courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position.
Look I'm not saying we are/were perfect, but managing against sharp downturn vs. LT is bad advice in my view
Friday Special: Come in for any Salad or Sandwich and get one Free! That's right its FRIDAY BOGO TIME! Buy One, Get one!
Hey Kier! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
awesome reel! follow if u like. cheers, bob
You got a email so i could send you some beats ?
Damn. I read that he has 3 kids.
I am happy
follow back?
they played Milwaukee, iowa, and indianna too!!
This stage is where the advertiser is building awareness of their product
because they left already & I don't know where is it at :p
yea i know. im the same way
Anything you think we should consider for coverage today? Tweet your story ideas to
dont no if you saw what the hawks are doing...dont no if u are keeping up with the pacers
I'm i'm happy to note I can move up/down but not r/L. Bummeration. I can stand on my toes!! woohoo!
Honestly Mike, I just don't trust you anymore.
Sassy has a show with Daniel and the Lion & Bulldancer at Baba Budan's. We play at 8PM. Shake yo Sass! and...drink something too.
Hi there ShawnSwanky
Thanks my man for the RT! You all set for the run in the big dance?
Play by play guy previews Winterhawks and Kamloops at 6:15 on NW Sports Tonight
babe , because God put you here to make a change in world or on someone, babygirl dont ever say that ;o
lol n u know this yes u gone have to come hard cause u knw my skill r great whn it come to bbys n um gonna b moven soon
What's going on with this crazy weather in #mke hello Wisconsin welcome fall
Its just that if I had the options of looking at you and burning, I'd choose to burn.
That's awkward for me.
I just got your and Genna's tickets for tomorrow's Pirates game. I'm hoping to have a tailgate. Look for a colonial flag!
Thank you Douglas. I truly don't get why the DOJ doesn't see the obvious. But asking for logic in govt is illogical itself.
South Shore's Emily and Megan Gustafson combined for 47 pts and 33 reb in tonight's win! Good job girls!
If Palin really stops whining re liberal media bias, it'll free up time to talk about other parts of the world with "zoning problems"
TICKET GIVEAWAY: Follow Tweet #BlacklightPartyOct22 TICKETS & RETWEET/RT THIS TWEET PASS IT ON!!!!!!!!!!
love those. So cute! Cane one purchase online?
At Olive Garden with my Grandma and Favorite Aunt. So glad to see my family
Any body wanna chat Im bored
I HAVEN'T EITHER!!  have you started the final?
SIICK!!! RT : LIVE PERFORMANCES, free food and more at Rock High School's Block Party SUN 5&7PM Rock Church
he was very personable! So cool!
And for that paper, look how low we'll stoop Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe
RT : I'm excited =) You should always be excited Cee. :-)
The most adventurous I get is visiting Amazon on my Safari.
I'm so sick of "rebel flags" on the trucks around where I live. But I understand the appeal of a good bar :)
If you lived in LA or were a Dodgers fan you would have to drink heavily too
Good win tonight.
Youth Night was pretty sweet. OH how i've missed it!
podcast. Slides on line
Bravo Live shows that Harrahs St louis has 1/2plo and 1/2nl going right now.
Attending the Supporting Individuals in Caregiving Role Institute at the #musictherapy conference in
Thanks for the good times, #aha2012 and #thatcamp! Good talks, all around.
Sure! $500 for great logo artwork from , and you support creation of the album!
thats just too freaky...
Me & the kiddos are going to get an Akita when we move to the 808!! seems ok with it!! Lets hope
undercooking pasta & oats makes carbs harder to digest. it's beneficial for keeping ur blood sugar stable!
I hate when my internet is slow-__-
Congrats goes out to Superstar/former #MNM guest and his beautiful wife on the birth of their newborn son Tate McKinley.
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves when they ask questions on something I do. Like "omg since when did you like/do this.." STFU, its my life.
LM City Manager Dave Witt sharing how city is planning to deal with the end of the defunct Redevelopment Agency, including money it owes
Small business is a calling of humanity. What would we be without the shop around the corner? Entrepreneurship grows from inspired living.
let me know how I can help!
We're doing dirty santa
where are you today?
Too late, you just missed Song of the Colorado. Working with kids now and showing them how to set up cameras.
Sometimes in life when you trip and fall,it opens the opportunity to bigger and better things:-)
Awesomenauts is indeed awesome. I'm not a fan of MOBA games but this is pretty damn fun.
When your enemy hurt you 7 times, forgive him 7 x 70 times. :).
is over
Thanks so much! Keep the FF coming!
come on over (: haha
Who's the kid in #ABQ that sings like ? Come see on July 10!
Aaaaahhhhh ........ that first cup.
Psycho Sally rears its ugly head. Again!
Saw the #Grim Hexenbeast woman in a BofA commercial for first time...she's always been there, but never realized it was the same actress.
Travelers passing through Chicago O'Hare airport purchase 2 million Hot Dogs each year according to restaurant and concession stand reports.
Follow them Take care!
5 more days until the weekend
I fully expect the city of Baltimore to embrace a team that doesn't choke in the playoffs.
Congrats! What's next?
Spread the word! Student award from SLA's IT div. Contact . Use the subject: "SLA IT Student Award 2011"
#bbcamerica RT Omg #luther is really even better season 2. I may break dawn watching all the episodes.
“: On the enemies list! How cool is that?” Congrats! That's quite an accomplishment!!!
OMG Happy #OneTimeAnniversary So proud of
quite possibly!
amazing! It looks good and ripe, too. Time to get the berry buckets out, hee :D
When i see crazy people on the street who talk to themselves, i wonder what the voice in their head sounds like. Saw 3 today #siri?
Yes, I'd like to know what's going on with that! Thankfully, no threats at Lindbergh.
Thank you & for your support! All of our children deserve a safe learning environment.
What I just say she having a boy
Why in the world would you care or even be engaged with such a thing?
Watching TV Haha!
Day 3 of caffeine detox round 2...
Why is it always raining on half days?
gah. 2 *tumblr* #fails in one day. maybe i should just step away from the computer and tidy my desk.
Just happy I'm not near #wmata right now. Look like almost every line is fubarred.
it's crazy how fast time flies, Keith my oldest is 9 and I'm so enjoying every minute! Thanks
(pt 2) "I see no basic difference between a poem and a handshake," says Paul.
Ha! The weapon was formed, took its best shot, be I'm Still Standing! God is so faithful to me.
word on the street is its madonna
ONE MORE STRIKE, LET'S GO
We got some crazy tracks on Commencement... Wow
Happy Bday, Big Fella! Cabrera big boy baseball
Dang, my TL is full of excited people because of the fact Boosie was found
November 2010 HubSpotter of the Month: Karen Rubin
you are so crazy, you sure you want to follow me?!
Probably going to Lakers and Clippers game next Saturday in LA
Big brother G'd up!!
where in NYC r u? I may come by to say hello :)
Russian Orthodox Church urges 'gay propaganda' ban - Denver Post
Going to the phillies game! Can somebody text me the #Sixers game?????
One of The Things I Appreciate Abt - The Dude Exudes Positivity. :)
Thats awesome bro! Nice air! We dig it!
Considering the TESOL convention in 2011 to set up a booth and talk to 6500 ESL teachers... in New Orleans.
So true James
I donno about advancing ball up the field...more like helping us play goal line defense until our chance in 2016.
Watching aaron rodgers getting golf lessons on golf channel
You can upload the online request forms to your account as "other documents."
Hey thanks so much! :) Yeah I've been told I was going a bit fast; my bad! But I'm glad you liked it! <3
New All Time Low DVD...legit.
Eek, the movie is finally about to start!
U they look like wingtips.
fox football guys www.foxsportsradio.com live 6a-10a eastern this morning. leading to Fox coverage of Dallas-Minnesota
I'm in! RT - Troy has gone surfing. Be back after deadlines.
"and in the end, the love you take. is equal to the love, YOU MAKE!"
Yes but I don't be on it in the morning time at all just hit me up a little later for FaceTime
heading to Phoenix, Albuquerque and Vegas this wkend to recruit visual artists and designers for Cornish College of the Arts. cornish.edu
Durant the real MVP puts the Thunder by one!
Yum.... Turkey Chilli
daughters.... lock up ur mothers, the locksmith is back!
Have you been to Earth Bar?
an elephant never forgets...or forgives.
Thanks for the follows!
have a good one
The "prettier" that tarantula is, the creepier he is to ME....Don't think I would have liked Anansi....I would have freaked out
Don't forget to head over to Dell Diamond in Round Rock for weekend series vs Cal! Tonight's game starts at 7:00!
Happy #Purim to all! What's your #costume today? #Megillah reading this morning at 7:30am.
well i still bet u got that sexy momma to be glow!! what are u having?
Darn just got caught robbing the bank....damn where is that do over button!
Hanging out with the girls at the Children's Museum. The Barbie exhibit brings back fun memories.
we got to meet your mom today :)
well of course! :D
This weather.... Two plants in one still waiting. Ohh the fun in the mud... waiting for mom to say. "clean off" gotta luv it.
< there's another $10 charge for "Pharmacy Visit". I don't remember visiting a pharmacy. At least not within the hospital.
RIP good R. Weeks
Wow observation...No one CAN cover Voice
now let's be honest: would old-school, "real" journalism get ratings? nowadays, we truly do value punditry and opinion
you know damn well t was coming
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 46
Went to the gym with my homegirl n this bitch came to the gym with a lollipop in her mouth trying to work out n she wonder y she still fat
when will you be in ATX?
well we know it's not tube steak
Ay y'all..never forget your peoples that are locked down in the system! Send em money on their books.Commissary is very necessary!!
Hi Twitter friends. Happy New Year.
Are you kidding me #Rubio !?!?!
oh, the usual, pork chop and wine. For sure wine. Be back soon!
okay i'll buy the forks! :)
Putting Shook Ones beat in a commercial w the #Spurs was the best thing anyone ever did with a commercial w the
Way to go, #Mavs!! Congrats! Now onward to bring it ALL home!!!
Catchh Me When I Fall , Simply Flaws &All .
Now, what to do with all of this refunded season ticket money?
yup i jus put ha on
Kicking wit my home town girl cafe for my born day
I admit, some days you do feel that way...maybe that's why 1st person shooters are so popular...
Transmission is shot on my Caddy. $4 GRAND...I DON'T THINK SO. Time to go Car Shopping....! (YEAH!!!)
r Absolutamente, estamos positivamente su mayor fan! aka WE LOVE YOU!! R 30th anniv. soon...How can we get you here?!
#WhenImBored I listen to music :)
see you at your game!!😊
RT The real contest is always between what uv done and what ur capable of doing. Beyond quality work
On December 13th DIW will be hosting a local celebration in lieu for receiving the 2011 National Arts and Humanities Youth Program Award
yea? who played it for u?
Pool Party 2day @ The Silverton w/ Spadoni & Twin Brother! Cheap food & $1 beers! After party w/ This Is My Empire! 7pm $5 21+
77 in happy valley today. Happy valley has yet to hit 80 this year.
unpublished materials here until copyright until death +70 so many 19th c. items still under c for the long lived!
Its not too late to order your January Treasure Boxes - $32 feeds you and your family quality food al week long! www.thetreasurebox.org
I can get pillows from :) RT : Best. Idea. 2012. #liveatdaybreak we should have a flash mob pillow fight in MKE.
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close? More like Extremely Not Good and Incredibly Not Good, am I right widows?
I missed xoXo
sharp! RT : Everyone, go to nwasianweekly.com RIGHT NOW and check out the slicker, cleaner, awesomer version of our site
they look good!
The white trash on Steve Wilkos
Woot! I am very happy to hear this!
tan lines are hot. hahaha
At Napa Valley College for volleyball
Just saw some of my first content published online. Nicely gratifying.
"with a dinner bell."
True statement.
The simplest means to convey your #style statements >>>> #Custom #Tshirts ...
If I could take dog hair and turn it into an incredible energy source I would be a genius. And rich. And wear a cape. #gothusky?
merseyside derby this afternoon
Coach Knight was GREAT at the #Palladium tonight in
People are such hypocrites
I got news a couple days ago that she was really sick and in Isolation cuz her blood count dropped down to zero.
You got that Hall Of Fame Swag
We'll highlight an app for the PlayBook today since it's been awhile and we hate to ignore 'em
d-d-d-disco nap.
why are the candy apples all about abby lee?
"Business Networking & Sex..." It's not what you think! Join us at 10:00 ET with Dr. Ivan Misner. Learn how to really network!
Since my extra AMPs have distorted all of my electronics I can not update my site with my new items :(
RT : Can you believe that I have never read a James Patterson book? And neither have I nor do I intend to either.
Love to ALL moms! RT: "A mother holds her children's hands 4 a short while... but their hearts forever." -Unknown
at the moment opening up a salon, hotel, and doing a few rehab homes. Also got a day care facility opening up. Interested?
You're welcome! Back atcha!
Omg my mom just surprised me with the perfume. Its smells like heaven.
Heading over to for a demo - It's a lovely morning in Dallas!
“: RT : Sometimes a player's greatest challenge is coming to grips with his role on the team." - _Scottie_ _Pippen_”
Sick beats.
That's the new motto RT: "Are you with it or not?"
That awkward moment. When you`re yelling at someone and you mess up a word.
This abc booklet isn't gonna get finished .
We in the press, by our power, can actually undermine leadership. Christiane Amanpour -
gonna go see otano during 1st period ;)
I find myself using LinkedIn more than Facebook. just the next step in social-network evolution -- follow your interests and not just past.
how's the clinic
Naps that feel like it was only 5minutes when it was actually 2hours<<<<<<<<<<
appropriately-- j-pol just offered to get me tim ho's.. he's the visitor- why u playin us? ;)
RT : RT if you #feelthetingle of and Toy Drive!!!!
“: We all have that one creepy neighbor that never comes out of their house.”
“: #FollowFriday " Thanks! I'm in a #SXSW line and I could use a bottle. :)
See our production opening THIS THURSDAY! "Someone WHo'll Watch Over Me" is HERE! Tix are $12-students/artists/seniors and $15 general
They say to wrongs dont make a right
splitting service is a regression. It's insane, and conflicts with a major use case.. tracking what to watch. IMO :-)
Step #11: give up on your fears
Right on good job!
“: Jeremy Miller would have scored a TD on that catch” Haha! I love where your head's at DelVerne!
Day off. I could really go for a forever lazy right about now.
our baby is growing up, so so proud<3:')
Going to Manhattan for the last #Mizzou vs #KSTATE game! and I might fight today!! Go State!
Loved "Motherless Brooklyn"? Come hear author Jonathan Lethem read from his new book "The Ecstact of Influence" March 13th
Welcome back to El Lay! May it be equally as enjoyable as daily intellectual sparring w/Trebek.
You'll note that every Obama campaign ad on TV thus far focuses on energy and answering SuperPAC attacks on his energy record.
Tuesday - Sunday Open at 11:00am - 10:00pm We close at midnight on Friday!
Nf , can o get a follow back?
you should apply for the #BEARS offensive coordinator job. I hear it's open. You can use Travis as a reference.
Oh Shut Up Now I Know Why people Are Unfollowing You.
Phoenix won. Fuck that. If they'd penalized Torres like they should've they wouldn't've won.
Well.... I still bleed orange and blue.
We are babe! Wish u was here :( ": are u guys having so much fun yet??! Soo wish I was there :-("
Aye, yall put the question # in ur answers, it makes it easier to see what u are answering!
At Startup America Live…chilling, recharging and "being like water my friends"
I got 2
What is wrong with Wisconsin?!?!?!?!?!?!
Shit talking the people in tthe car next to you THEN realizing the window is open ...
#CWFOTD On this day in 1861, Robert E. Lee formally resigned his commission in the US Army & Union forces evacuated the Gosport Navy Yard.
Event of the Week: Tàpies – Image, Body, Pathos
its illegal for to steal a nigga feelings n leave. In my gates voice
..kind words? I love how you go against the grain and try to enlighten..I love how your word influence, even when you think..
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." ~ Aristotle
Pleasantly surprised by the movie Real Steel, well done! AndI must say... Evangeline Lilly is still SEXY AS HELL
RT : WI Consumer Protection warning: email looks like Verizon Wireless is a fake. Could lead to a serious breach of data...
negative campaigning? good quesion!
Your disappointments, setbacks, stresses, circumstances, problems & blessings are all highways to trains you .
It makes me sick to see how many mistake pitches this lineup consistently let pitchers get away with.
Q: Why was the birthday cake as hard as a rock? A: Because it was marble cake! #joke #silly #q&a
Guy just bet $100,000 on a 20-1 horse that's $2,000,000 if he wins god bless him
Hey how ya brother doing now that he home and shit?
Northwesterns family day today! Parents come out and get to see what we do in med school!..my parents could make itbut ill b giving the tour
Well Boudreau's Ducks have already scored as many goals in 1 period as the Caps have scored in the past 2 games. Just an observation.
Today's market prediction is cloudy with a chance of meatballs. Ok, AAPL may see a sell off & one last chance b4 $400 happens. Tech bearish?
Charles Barkley: "I think George Karl is a better coach, no disrespect to Coach Brown"
We were the featured artist this month and it was awesome Love the
SUPPORT VETERANS BUY A POPPY TODAY!!!
Morning! Massive stomach ache going on, but the show must go on. :( How do you deal with getting sick at night or early in the morning?
Wishing you all a Happy Thanksgiving.
PRODIGY I'LL PRAY FOR YOU THAT YOU WON'T GET THAT BEHIND TOW UP CAUSE WHAT HAPPENED AT ROCS PARY I'LL PRAY FOR YOU🙏
HAHAHA, maybe maybe.
Great to meet you! ~Conna
I think i started getting hungover before i went to bed. Fuck work
Love the old Hollywood tone of term "lavender marriage." Much more picturesque than "mixed-orientation marriage." Using that from now on!
lol...you jealous??
Anti-comma only cause I never know where to put it.
I'll just wait for something great to happen, -_-, with my luck it never will.
CP is good though, don't get me wrong.
'There are certain things that grown ups do that children should not be aware of '.. ' I know.. they f% ' -- Esther , Orphan movie
#FF our digital publishing imprint, , for books from Ross Thomas, Donald Westlake, James Ellroy, and more!
Just appreciative of this space...! No ties, no obligations!
happy birthday Nate D! (: <3 love you buddy!
Happy Friday, Sunshine!!!
A woman on fox31 news said needed other things not just dance skill to be an NFL Cheerleader?!?
My parents totally know I'm a stoner.
That 10 minutes of depression you get when you see a really hot guy and know you're never going to see him again.......... Then I'm over it
where r u guys at today
Support our friend YOGA GIVES take a class this August! Bring your kids to BOL Board Member Susie Lopez's kids class, every Thursday at 4pm!
We all in the same struggle
letestu gone. room for sid for friday!!!!!
Attention all Intermediate students: broad sword weapons cycle will start on May 5th and go until June 8th. Reserve your spot today!!!
Dont underestimate the things i could do !!!
To be truly objective you have to be willing to upset those about whom you wish to be honest...including yourself.
Dear cabbie, no u r not a psychologist, no u r not a psychic, I was walking towards u that's how u know I needed u, and please just shut up
my twitter is so slow.
Ill two way page it to u. RT : I just want to watch #Boston sports, someone text me play by plays.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #24hours !!!!!! LEGGOOOO 51
☼ Uh..nevermind I spoke too soon...
Daniel Tosh, you are a gentleman and a scholar.
“: have an awful time trying to get lean again" my plan has 7 meals/day so not starving. Just bored w/same few food items!
How's it going out there?? Your Dallas teammates are thinking about you. cc:
Opportunity hides in plain sight, and until I have a dream, I can’t see the opportunities that are right in front of my eyes.
arent there always plenty of stories?
Kramer is pretty much Beast
In the studio with Noah Sugarman and Kevin Hogle recording the second Noah Sugarman Album!
Cooking channel : innovative recipes for delicious and easy meals. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Paula Deen
were you Jack and Chance was Kate? Does that make me Sawyer? Najee is totally Walt.
Going to the Cardinals game Sunday, ride there in style, call us to reserve a Town Car, SUV, stretch limo or a mini bus before we sale out
I hate some asks me to send them a pic !
needs something to do with her life today......
yea I was wit u were bombed
YES OKAY
Thinking of opting out of #klout. Wild swings; non-transparent scoring. What use is it?
ITS ONLY ONE B**** OUT THERE THAT I REALLY REALLY TRUST
tomorrow game time!!!!!
haha yea forget it it's totally cool that it happened and the pics for maxim one day will make it al better :)
Living room, dining room, kitchen, mud room and bathroom floors all swept & scrubbed by hand. I must really love my house. (Yes, I do!)
hell naw idk what to do
POLL: Are you OK with women breast feeding in public? Reply to us with #yes or #no to vote!
yea for #BLUEBLOODS!! highlight of my week will be seeing you Friday night, WOOT WOOT!! ; )
RT : Slicer in Excel 2010 can be used to provide people with info without teaching them pivot tables.
I'm a 15 but I'm ready to take that up 10 more notches real soon. This is waay cool. See ya soon. Gonna kick ass in 2012!
DCPS Food Service Director: This generation of kids is the first that will have a shorter life expectancy than their parents.
thanks for stealing my tweet
I hate it when I can't find the songs i'm lookin' for on youtube. All I see is peoples coverings. I guess my mental library is too enhanced.
I think nice leather ones work! Need to get Kurt a pair. Are Toms on guys cute or douchy?
Coffee dinner on wednesday, starbucks cant hold a flame
it's funny how people can so easily forget you
Bummed the TRAILS session was cancelled.
what weekend is that?
Spank my butt!!! (OK not mine!) But watch as we have models spank themselves. Nice wiggles in SLOW MOTION!
last time, trey songz.
Kershaw just got thrown out of a game. He was throwing a one hitter!
Last day today of 5 week! great kids!
not foreal... i'ma call tomorrow....
Sometimes, I forget how amazing Coltrane is, and then I spend an entire el ride listening to 'Giant Steps' and crying. Then, I remember.
Vanilla & Chocolate go hand and hand.
Yay! Congrats to Ray Allen! Couldn't have happened to a better guy!
where are y'all sitting?
This is easily about to be the worst day of my life
sweet! Where did ya see it? church?
Congrats to and Megan & Liz will be opening up the iHeartRadio Music Festival this year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
make me some cereal milk.
because you're so cute and I love your tweets
It's actually pretty inspirational until he tries the damn thing.
I hate when I'm going away and I wanna pack but then I realize its still months away
you have forgotten about your bff!
Just saw wrath of the titans.. Pretty badass!
Brittany went around snorting ladybugs and lightning bugs as a kid. Knew it.
Feature: Raskally fellows: Are copyright infringers "pirates" and "thieves"?
I wish tomorrow night would get here faster!!
thanks for the follow!! GO YANKEES!!!
Thank you for the retweet...hope you are doing great and are still writing your story! : ) Thanks for caring!
If I'm not answering your emails, its because i'm cruising around Sonoma in a convertible.
you still have till August 31st 2012
I asked the surgeon if she dreaded or loved hammering metal in to bone. she loves it.
yippee! I can't wait!
My mama is so tough she had 5 kids, then went to law school, then worked as a lawyer while single parenting 5 teens. How tough is your mama?
Stop being so destructive! Copying you on reply to ILL request. Is Benjamin Franklin really on English Faculty? lol
I think she hates me now.
Thanks for the RT :) Think about sharing your thoughts on this topic -- even just a webcam testimony is welcome!
we're test driving one. Ah im in love.
Not at all. Just
barca best club ever
No Lines at Disney Parks?
God I just want to sleep. Damn dog is snoring now.
My heart still breaks as we remember the tragedy that took plc on this day 10 yrs ago.
That moment when you say to yourself "If only he knew I loved him as much as I do".
Forget the #ValentinesDayNight flowers, I want #DavidBeckham in those #H&M briefs.
Want me to to shout outs?! Then just ask!
Santa: door's unlocked since my gift won't fit down chimney. Despite "issue" in LA & "incident" w/ NYPD I was super good this year...right??
Happy mothers day to all the feat moms in the world!!!
Sugar / caffeine coma : /
thanks, it was a fun event and it was great meeting some of your team!
hey are you already in austin? ping me?
it would've taken the person less time to google it than to ask me via twitter or facebook. Heh.
Great. Right after my first tweet I spill coffee all over my pants.
he about to rob an AWARD lol
Glad to be here! Yep we were the first in the U.S.! We'll send you a free Dining Guide if you like. Thx for the welcome! :)
I think winter has just arrived . Sigh...my springg...
only in Nashville does one of the biggest entertainment lawyers in town have his bluegrass songs playing on Sirius...
The paradigm shift this was when Barrera and I first threw out concept a year ago.
Going #Green as an artist makes life interesting.Today I almost took a broken lamp from a dumpster...anyone else have this problem?
Am able to stand still on the correct side of the escalator. I AM COMMUTER MAN.
Nothing ever goes as planned anymore...
Gee, thanks for following me, joe!
I love that you ask "Who are you?" That makes me happy. I'm glad I'm not the only one trying to break the cycle.
we liked hearing about the men who met their wives playing racquetball. do you play?
": All of Kayla's lil friends are like in love with me smh lol." Lol no were not
Hi there handsome! :)
#ARMA11 Cobalt Award goes to Cisco Systems.
no problem! and yes! and i'm so glad you pick New York over California!
Tweet a shout out to your favorite Massage Therapist! Let them know how much you appreciate them - we sure do!
Nothing like hearing a favorite JAM right before you #crossfit Aahhhhh!!!! :D
The I will find each of them and try them out.
I respect the person who let girls in the army. girl on period+gun= Unstoppable
#artsummit Salt Writer's motto, the only prison is the prison of the self. Arts transform prison experiences.
This Sunday were releasing the first track off of our EP "The Mechanical Sunrise", spread the word!
So perhaps I should mention I'm giving food blogging a try?
two years ago was a completly different kid. he always told us that fame could ne'er change him
we won!
whats her name again
Had a great time at tonight and now live-tweeting about #MissCAUSA prelims on Love my Saturday nights!
To all of you who don't know what twistaid is... it is a class project we need followers in order to recieve a good grade. so please follow!
Maane i swear im too tired n dont feel gud
now you and I can start playing a nice game of "whose state is more ignorant"...this sucks
Make that a double;)
Just got gym membership :-) time to build that body i always dreamed of
thanks t! Pending date tuesday may 1 at cafe Hollander - tosa. More soon! Thanks.
Stuffed mushrooms >>>>>
Good 4 U She needs to blocked and gagged This is the poison going back in2 the universe. May B she's the cause of nat disas
RT : Giving up alcohol, there are no positive outcomes of it.
9th June is coming.
If your turned around looking over your shoulder in your avi your a hoe
#DemonicDerek deadly things are coming for dungeons of delhi this year!!
Lady gaga makes a very sexy man!!! LOL
We would love to sponsor and her family, contact us if interested....
Last night I had a dream about booking a huge project.
umm... Rick Perry's still blocking me. Guess I'll ignore his invite to a fundraiser. Wonder if I'll still get a Christmas card?
I expect you to be killin' it in Vienna right about now!
Just got done hanging my fangs in some great smoked pork....:)
#dontbelate Center lane blocked. STALL, NB- I-25 AT THORNTON PARKWAY--CENTER RIGHT LANE
3 Men and a Little Lady ... So good
MSMQ: Doing Digital Humanities is doing Humanities for keeps. Because you can see the implications of your assumptions.
25% of healthcare organizations don't conduct security risk assessments - HIMSS 2011 Security Study #iHT2 (huge opportunity for vendors)
Read Charles & Mary Beard, economic history of the united states
Another morning. Kiddos starting the day with fresh blueberries pancakes <3
Added "Locklets" to the domain collection. GoDaddy MUST love people like me-
I really need to jump on that bandwagon, but Twitter is still so much more overwhelming than FB to me. D:
Getting ready for the New Orleans Bowl! Geaux Cajuns!
twitter is being retarded.
these glasses make me look #awesome fucking
Clock management will win the game...
when you fall don't just sit there like a retard get up!!!! forget the selfish loosers who put you down!
Thanks for the heads-up. Amazing the power that book still holds. I thought "Willie McGee" was very powerful in its own right.
what did tante mickey do to your feet? Shaun says to ice your feet :-)
& i aint speak to yal. i rarely tweet now. i know yal miss me lol
what did you do now!?!? Hahaha
Waking up to the news that Nadal beat Federer in four sets at the AO is a good way to start the day. Get em
you're the best, thx for the follow!!!
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhoods.
Getting ready for Social Skills/Friendship Groups today!
Has LeBron taken a shot in OT?
I see you walk by, extra fly baby where you going, can I roll?(;
What did you guys think of it? I loved it! Obvi some things were different but overall great adaptation.
You have no right to judge someone you don't know. For all you know, today could be their last day alive.
I haven't but I have heard of them. I want them.
I.coach poker. Have not done study group
"Plaything" is rockin' at Gravity Studios with Ashleigh Ashton!
I like Indian fans as much as I like American fans. I do not like carefully euphemised racist sentiments or twitter spam.
but he's so adorable! ;-)
CD release show at the Lab tomorrow night, you really should be there....seriously.
I love it - a digital pack rat! I'm totally "borrowing" that phrase :)
someone verified has been dm'ing me!! i have a new friend thats famous(;
Now I get to tag his sexy self in the picture.
love your thoughts. Have you checked out my book:MyNameIsMahataa? Clear mind meditation is dessert.
He is already on the east coast!
I just finished a 4.60 mi run with a pace of 9'03"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
So True.
well, in addition to being "influential" about Donald Trump, Klout now thinks I am influential about the NY Giants. so, strike 2, I guess
Freeze dried fruit is my crack......love it
Christmas sweater shopping at goodwill.
Depending on the state, the school has to have permission from the parent to spank a kid, so black parents have to stop this.
Well, that's one way to really annoy a #yankee fan. Way to go #redsox!
yes ma'am!
You can use me as your refer a friend & get $100 off DIRECTV :)
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Apple has announced that there will be no 2012, only 2011S.
Sorry to miss out this time, but glad to hear you've got things planned. Best of luck! Looking forward to the new stuff.
Owen Wilson Enlists To Protect His Family From Violent Rebels In ...
Morning...so tired.
Bruins fans boo the team at end of 1st period. If #Caps stay ahead, TD Garden will clear out halfway thru 3rd. That's how they roll!
She mad cuz idgaf bout getting the silent treatment. Happy af can watch the game in peace. Mayb I'll care tomorrow *shoulder shrug*
do you accept gift cards?
- Thanks, Bob -
Sounds like a blast. Have fun!
nigga i kno u not scared,lowkey i was
Here we go again George
ripped up the stage homie. Performance was ill as always. Don't let your music ever stop playing
i have it on my personal account in my messages, but it doesn't show that many details about it): as far as i know it
I'm sorry :/ I know how it is to have a class with no one you know. It sucks. I hope it gets better for you(:
Man, the Germans can string some dependent clauses together!
for a #kondike bar i would jack off to justin bieber....on second thought, nah they're not that great...
Every time I meet someone from the midwest here they turn out to be seriously cool
A representative from the TX Music Awards contacted us about involvement in their event this year. Awaiting details.
Brandon Jennings and Monta Ellis in the backcourt. They are two shoot-first guards, but they both can dish. I'm way pleased.
Phew, now I can sleep easy tonight.
Did AMAZING :D
what been Goin on.. Ima be bak on Tuesday
you can't make it for a second day,what is up with u and these schedule changes?
sexual songs directed towards me >>>
That's great news, Congrats!!
My daughters are 9 and 10 am I wrong to say that when they are 13 they are getting on birth control?
Anthony, you mean YOUR dad & 's dad were both butchers. That's sweet!
I'm just teasing you anyway :P
nope the stores on delay but I got upgraded to next day shipping so soon hopefully
Very cool stamp choices on that #ShowAndMail!
my cousin is fully convinced that i have a boyfriend...he doesn't know that i'm
Hey , great idea to post your CIF link
cause really, who wants to die alone?
beauty and the beast theme I see????
Congrats to the cast and crew of "seven minutes in heaven" for an amazing opening! Do not miss this one tonight! www.yatkids.org
Operation "bring little bird home" in full effect... Diana and Victor are awesome.
Ron Nored's overall offense has really picked up. He is getting to the basket a lot this year, draws foul and makes layup. Butler up 6.
If JESUS returned today-what would you say to him?
Want your #IPAD to work as a phone? Davinci has a free app for that! Buy our $59 automated phone service and make calls from your app free!
One more stupid love song, I'll be sick.
They say when a man holds a woman's hand before marriage, it is love, after marriage, it is self-defense.
Shake it an' pop it--- like a ketchup bottle!
What an unbelievable play by Brodeur.
is it weird that I like my the way dead roses look almost better than when they were alive...i just like
Come check out advance methods of tree braids in room 309 noon to 130pm at bronners brother today and monday
at last i get to rest as tmrw's a weekend!
we all can't be in the "ain't ish" category
RT : Just got off call w/ reps from groups that support #INTransit. Passion & energy for #INTransit is STRONG. #won'tstopworking
How big a rush? Are talking blow-hard radio host or Canadian power trio?
Fact: Space Mountain NEVER gets old
Only a few more weeks until you are crowned American Idol! Can I ask for a #followback?
I really want some more bright nail polish.
John Legend & Chris Mathews received an honorary doctorate from HU!!!
I Love Youu! :) Just Letting You Know :)
Okay, I admit it. Zooey Deschanel and her show rock.
Freedom is walking around my apartment sans pants while testing ukulele acoustics.
Apple's aggressive licenses and patents give me pause. But I must admit that their products are double-plus-good.
working mane, let's get it
I think it takes true talent to get into the shower! .....with your socks on VoV
Today has been a blessed day and i'm truly thankful.
sorry bro i aint been online. its on facebook.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! can i get a HAPPY BIRTHDAYY!??! It will mean the world to me(:! <333 plleassee!
I'll still be here! We'll definitely have that Slivovitz whenever you are back here!
Going to school late >
Chris Tomblin is hilarious. You have to get him on KSR. Half way through. This was worth every cent.
"Now that #Snooki is pregnant somebody needs 2 ask #Santorum if he still thinks contraceptives r a good idea" - Bill Maher
Good Monday morning to everyone!
#Np Skin - Rihanna
So, the mixtape release has been moved to the 26th in order to let people properly show their mommas and baby mommas some love on their day
Wishing that I had more time and energy to fit in school and dance every day...
who managing tonite Dwane? Nita there? Tell them you my friend ( repent later)... Lol.. Small world. Seriously
Amen sistah!!! RT : M, yummy coffee makes the world go 'round! Happy Monday!!!
I'm glad you like it!! I listen to it at least once a week. Different kind of music.
kind of why we were interested in having Henwood publicly dismantle Berman's tepid Keynesian statist imperialism
Who watched the #DavisCup this weekend? Go USA!
Oh how lovely.(; Haha isn't the book report (that I haven't even started..) due on Thursday ?
#writers: How do you use your iPad?
This is not any of our businesses. You can find out how to contact them and tell it to them. Not us.
New APUS will push skills over memorization. Less guessing what will be on exam that year. More flexibility for teachers
Thanks, Maureen. He's one of my favorite poets. It's a dream come true!
RT Horse Back Riding this morning, then who knows. I think today will be all you can eat Barbecue at Hank's Smokehouse.
RT : Those with no followers say twitter ain't shit , yeah it be like that
"Join us, sit where everyone can see, we've got magic to do, just for you"!
Cheers! Thanks for the RT love. Hope to see you tomorrow at the event!
is going to learn to sew in order to have the couples costume from the #jollyholiday scene in
lol mines hilarious
We pulled it off y'all! Hundreds of red umbrellas marching through Treme to stop the spread of
#ReplaceTheMovieTitleWithSwag Hitchhiker's Guide to the SWAG
I thought that queer was a name aimed at gay people by people that did not approve of their life style. So what is a queer?
Let's give it up for Marriage Equality passing in New York! (this means we can have more gay jokes now, right?) Just kidding (not really)
This moment... This moment... This moment... This moment... This moment... This moment... This...
Gardiner: Understanding the economic profile of small business owners is needed to develop social insurance policy
Bathing suit shopping #summahhh2012 (;
that moment when ur friend steals something of urs and ur about 2 scream cuz they wont tell u where it is
Oh Michael E.... umph!
we serve it with the pork chop and specials
This is the anthem for BSI for 2012. New music from www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqbUAbHpntU&feature=youtube_gdata_player
It would totally awesome to be in a relationship with someone who likes me.
cannot believe it's this cold out and going to be 80 again this weekend, this is craziness
Seeking jr. litigator for a labor & employment position at the small office a large national firm. Please message me for details.
Suck that Missouri, Marquette is number 7!
You're a fake, Davin Heller.
U wanna be my man but u gotta girl
Just wait til they start reading their textbooks & lit readings there too. It will all be Webz.
I thank Obama everyday that my 401k rebounded after Bush's recession.
follow me i follow you how does thatt sound to you fair or no ?
:D thank you!
So, today I'm in a cab to Soho and the driver in broken English says: "I'm new. Could you tell me the streets to take?" What THE?!!!
Love to have all my social media accounts sync'd so I only have to share my thoughts with the world once :)
#PurpleHaze in my brain.
The alternative to being is reacting, and reacting interrupts being and annihilates.--Winnicott
#writers, if you need encouragement, #FF He always has something nice to say!
Hotzpacho? Ain't nobody got time for that.
"Hypocritical Kiss" may be my favorite song of 2012. And Blunderbuss is definitely my favorite album this year.
I'm the one you love to hate ( ;
#Avengers tonight at 12 w/ , and Taylor Jeffers..awesome movie aside...we plan on making candy go
It's snowing outside my window!! Hello Winter, so nice of you to join us! ⛄
couldn't have been better put
RT : "Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." - Bill Gates.
It works until it quits working. Marketing methods can lose effectiveness when overdone or become outdated. Cars were once sold door to door
Cookout time: shrimp, steak and salmon!
Yeah, I do know what U mean that feeling that UR not w/ any1 but some is in some strange way U R) oh yeah yeah I know that
I realize I'm not enough grateful with my parents
omg this is a badass piano solo 😝
Gonna start dancing again in August♥ FINALLY. I miss dancing. Last time I went to a dance class was 4 years ago.
Love it! Ryan Braun and Aaron Rodgers are going into business together, opening up their new restaraunt, 8*twelve.
Big S/o to all the people that took their precious time to unfollow me...thank you so so much:):)
that legit made me laugh out loud. no joke.
only if the banks start to lend again
Now heading off to #OAH2012 and #NCPH2012 . Schedule already packed, but it includes some a couple sessions. Thrilling.
D0 i wanna be there ayaaare. in my citaaay
That seems to be the favorite so far!
Throwing up the peace sign...nothin but the middle and trigger fingers
Lets go Kane!
very proud. finally wrote a song that has potential.
I always wonder which friends will still try and keep in contact with me when i leave in july
Make some!
Misconception #2 It's good to mix it up. New members bring energy and fresh ideas to a team.
well the band played a show and from the looks of it they had a lot of fun c: if they're ever in your area you should see them maybe!
Back tonight. Spinning Funk-Hip Hop-Rock from 10pm till 4am. No Cover. N. 14th st and Berry. Williamsburg, BK
A win is a win , however the Cowboys need to look at the line defending Romo.
November is National Marrow Awareness Month. Bone marrow is the tissue in center of large bones where new blood cells are produced.
Never stop learning; knowledge doubles every fourteen months.
" : How many MAHOMIES are on right now?..." you already know, HOLLLAAA (;
Thanks for the follow Adrienne!
I'm sorry bro damn
WELL... We gone see tamorrow.! :)
I am
I agree!
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
I can't help but be wide awake as soon as the sun shows up.
Ever wake up and feel like today isn't gonna be your day.. yea well I feel like that.. hopefully it won't be bad
Paying a CFO to help you with your 2012 budget significantly increases your changes of it actually getting done. via
so i'm pretty sure i'm gonna rip my dermal out after school gets out.
i feel u on that! hang in there!
Wanting to wish everybody a great Thanksgiving
hurry up bae...im hungry...i really think im u kno wut 4 real if so oh well yea...ily
Yeah!!! RT : Well, off to go save the world for a second time finally...
The Rangers need to beat the Flyers in regulation for the #Caps to stay in first place in the Eastern Conference
"Attitudes are more important than facts." - Dr. Karl Menninger
Santa, can you hear me? I have been so good this year! and all I want is one thing: tell me my true love is near! <3
Drinking some hot tea cause I lost my voice a little playing n making fighting noises w/my little man..
Is "Laura" a true film noir or a murder mystery?
please kick his ass. I am kinda getting tired of his pompous ass
Last shows of the weekend kick off in an hour. Don't miss in Broad Ripple or Downtown! 8 and 10:30pm. 317-255-4211
busting your balls again ! Lol!
The more I'm around you now the less I like you. It's funny because I don't feel like I'm going to be trapped liking you anymore .
only a stupendous dinner late at night can invoke the cheese phone!
1.I <3 One Direction Turn On: Guys who are emotional Turn Off: Guys who are full of themselves
was there suppose to be a link for scrumcast 43?
SO many people on my SEA to SanDiego flight this morning all bubbling over about going to ComicCon! Wow. Kindofa geek fest.
Enjoying my first snowfall of the season in Massachusetts.
I thought #JasonBiggs was openly gay?
Likely shock. I haven't seen you in a year!
It's a spaghetti night
Everything I know about hockey I learned from "Slap Shot"
OUR GOAL: PROMOTE SPAIN while helping our country, which nowadays, is suffering.
Down town<3
That moment when someone posts a picture with the caption "no makeup" and you wanna comment "I can tell."
ride a bike to work.
Lol I like that
1/2 off limos on friday nights!! W.limoservicedenver.com
lol cute. do they behave on set?
Who did you use to design your logo for your website? How do I get in touch with him?
I want my TOM'S to come already.
Is still following BTI on the Watterson trying to land final 4 tix.
that's just your opinion. There are many other players out there that can help improve the Bills.
Our website server is being flaky still. Working on it...
Classic movies on TCM!!! Love, love, LOVE!!
Tomorrow night, Monday july 18, join @ 12th & porter lounge for a night of rock! Doors @ 7 is slated to play 3rd!!!
She said they were due the 17th so I've been hustling all day trying to get them all in before midnight.
#teamfollowback i FOLLOW ALL. check my followerS(:
considering it's a book I got for free, it doesn't matter either way.
who makes music videos in #toronto ???!!!
May we do what is needed to see new congregations planted that are centers for the furtherance of a Messianic Judaism future.
Remember we are openfrom 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM! Come on by for your fall veg! Great tips from kitchen daily!...
whats the matter?
Despite a mountain of exhaustion and stress, I'm all smiles today. I think this year has some great things in store.
28-17 Spurs at the End of 1. K. Leonard the Spurs leading scorer with 7
Millenium Restaurant in Egleston Sq. Warm owners, great food and coffee!
Apparently the French love seeing horror movies in large groups . . . and having no control over the volume of their voices.
Well I might just have to...
Jr Seau shot himself?
..aint that the truth. The silver bullet theory at its best.
Sushi boat 👌
I'm so proud though of Jordan for standing up for herself with Shelly!! Tell that backstabbing bitch off!!
Thanks guys! As always...you are awesome!
Well then. I suppose the most the Browns can do now is take Blackmon at 4 and shove up the Rams ass.
Should have known follows
Alabama is losing badly to Georgia in this game.... smh
I was on the edge of my seat and then Gold getting back what he lost but STILL wanting more. Ugh!
Lmao ima take you out to a buffet we gonna work on that booty ok ??
Knowledge is power, but ONLY if you APPLY IT!!!!
That epic moment when you almost drop something then catch it in mid-air.
Been working on this paper all day. Think I'll just pick things back up tomorrow.
- You guys are flat out rocking Jacksonville! Armor Up!!!
yeah...but I'm here
Civilian in car < big ass fire engine. Remember this, boys and girls.
RT reporting deal with Knicks is very close
Im Bored Can Someone From TB Talk To Me Plz
Theres always a way.
Not to be rude but that kind of personal, but if you need to know he was a egotisical a**hole and a beater.
Inbound links are "Votes of Authority". In addition, search engines look for clusters of thematically similar content says
#IndyIndians they're doing pretty good this year
This umpire's strike box is all over the place
you look like eminem😚
At first I wanted to say 9/11 but it just might be the information overload you get and the rise of cable news and talk radio
a week from today #LaSelecta to play in town! They should arrive prior and train nearby!
Current answer is "no", but it's something to explore. I paid for VT out of my own pocket. The new committee (DL) should help.
To all da haters:You think youre hot,but you know the deal...well its me and you know who be keeping it real!
non much
Why cook? 7 food truck meetup tonight at the Eastlake Design District. SB Expressway to Otay Lakes Rd exit & head east to Fenton.
I'm listening to some Gaga's remixes hahaha. Some are pretty good.
I am from Indianapolis.
We just signed up for #Hubspot...excited to start digging into the toolset!
Thank you :)) Happy mothers day to you too :)
Ladyfriend is handpainting albums for our performance at the Viper Creek Club show! Pick one up for cheap at Nectar in Fremont tonight!
its rough =[
Drama drama drama. No. I don't deal with it.
Into the Woods was great last night! Fantastic job to the cast and crew!
Are you a exhibitor? We're throwing a VIP party for exhibitors on tonight. Visit our booth to learn more.
I thought I'd have more time to tweet !
Attendance at Pacers home games may be a problem, TV ratings are not. Ratings of Pacers games on Fox up 12% this yr over last yr.
+1. Rally Towels 4 Life. RT : Cool, but I'm getting 30s Germany vibe MT : Props to OKC for wearing giveaway shirts
TJs... I luv it there... We drive up from columbus a couple times a year
GREAT EPISODE #Warehouse13 gets better all the time Thank You All :)
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire 🔥🔥
Louis Posen of Hopeless Records says: "Not every [label] is interested in blonds w/big boobs."
Great playdate brunch with allergy friendly Mickey and Minnies Mouse pancakes, thanks to recipe. All of the kids loved it.
Getting some cheap grub courtesy of #AmexMcDonalds. Surprisingly I'm going healthy w
Does LinkedIn want to beat Talkbiznow? Aren't they already successful? They like some of our ideas, but we have a pure business vision.
Thanks for the tip Brian! We went on our facebook page and liked them!
thank you!!!
thank you! He made it!!
I miss warm Tucson rain. Icy cold Minnesota rain is unpleasant.
I think like her
"When you engage employees, you transform them from knowledge workers into empowered employees."
Fill in the blank: _______ always makes me smile.
where the blunts at
Damn Lark Voorhies done fell off. Lisa Turtle where did you go?!
i feel like i'm always tweeting about how happy i am lately.. and i LOVE it
800 followers :D
I have arrived in beautiful AZ; what to do before rehearsal? My options: Spring Training game, wilderness riding on a wild mustang, tacos.
WHERE DO I SINE UP.
pre-order from Amazon... Frustruation: The Mark Huntsman Story
I'm watching it ! It's so cute. ☺
Fresh cut peonies on my desk. Everything else that happens today will pale in comparison. At least that's the plan.
hello ladies!! #tgiff be productive n feel blessed! Make it.awesome!!
Thanks ;D
If you're going to do it right, you've got to log and transcribe your video. --Gayla Jamison
Thanks for the vote!
If you attend someone's graduation, after that person's name is read, the rest is agonizing. I don't care if Rachel D. Asshat graduated.
xoxo back to you from Roo :)
slapping time
I concur, but what if she is not allowing T.O. To be said parent. I'm not taking sides, I'm just a curious bystander
Thanks! Can't wait to see the loons, lupines and ladyslippers
It makes me really happy.
City Council will review a financial stability agreement tmrw 4:10pm in special session then we plan to vote Friday or Monday.
however by GETTING the flu you will have plenty of time to get cozy with your IPad! :))
120 Videos up on the YouTube Channel
today felt like the longest day ever! -_-
“You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.” - Jim Rohn
Glad to hear you're into it - I can't wait to read it. And yes, Nook app on the iPhone/iPad is AMAZING. Yay!
Sitting in a truck while these dudes move our stuff. Weird feeling.
Happy Monday, Houston! How's everyone starting the week?
Do you post dick pics on twitter because your parents didn't love you enough or are you just that big of a self absorbed monkey knob?
Lakers are getting trounced by the Nuggets.
Just as I decide to get out of bed it starts raining and thundering
Looking for some more reviews/reviewers over at Let me now if you're interested.
and Just saw it on my dvr. Damn eve, why
Oh Taylor, I would drop everything anytime and meet u in the pouring rain and kiss u in the sidewalk and AND… I♥U
jesse - "how long does a teabag last?"
If you never have you should, these things are fun and fun is good - Dr. Seuss.
I dislike #2omf now :/
oh snap
Congrats to our new author Taylor Marsh who has her new book, The Hillary Effect, in the Nook First program that launched today!...
Starting The Shallows: What the Internet is Doing to Our Brains -- will it revolutionize how much I use technology?
Spooky night!!
you too bro! When am I gonna see you?
we'll get whatever's missing into the LOD Cloud cache, maybe next week. You can also send a ping to us via our support forums etc.
you love me anyways <3
Without music,my life would be a living hell
Laying of twitter for the next few days for fear I'll die of #SXSW envy. Later tweeps!
If Prince Fielder knew about Straight2YourDoor's delicious restaurant partners he might order daily
excellent!! Please keep me updated. That's one I'll join for sure. I'd live to cross promote as well.
lol you follow me, i dance too
i love true blood
trying to compensate for the fact that he is shorter than #Romney but he is making himself look very small.
Lifting wieghts to kid cudi is like vodka & redbull.. Having a downer & upper
yeah. but he will a gr8 job
someday will follow me his personality is just amazing... absolutely adore him <3
RT : She took her last breath.... The same day as her mother- love you *hugs*
Its official...I've gone psychotic. Goodnight.
you rocked the white outfit. Loved it! I only wish I could do it myself!
TEXT ME
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best out of it.
Reality tv makes me feel so good about myself
That's the last time I don't bunt
: Have you ever listened to "Erotica"? Me: Probably with my mom.
"I wasn't drunk!" "Dude, you grabbed a pineapple, screaming SPONGEBOB, ARE YOU HOME!?
Thinking about Meagan all the time! Hoping for a good day for her today.
So cool to have my daughter in studio for my radio show today. I still remember going with my parents 2 work when I was a kid.
Order sent to Jennifer in KY!
dude, that was SO funny... ! and right after i got major hiccups! hahahahaah (:
Call me a "goody-two-shoes" or whatever, but I honestly just DON'T find drug use attractive.
Love me or hate me.
bro, cool story
Austin told me last night he couldn't see me being a lawyer bc I'm so happy(:
- our president just told me to hit the twittersphere to save America... so... I guess keep on doin whatchyou're doin.....
a! jealous of all the things!!
TGIF! LOL OMG. IM SO HAPPY IT'S FRIDAY!
Maximilian Schich: humanities data modeling always has to deal with a multiplicity of opinion (not present in say, tax records)
Praying for all of our east coast friends.
HI Bert; my talk was about citizens taking reins of multiple avenues to improve their control of gov, incl feedback loops
ve your level
I couldn't help but worry. D; I thought you died. T.T
im bout to scoop your girl up like a ground ball
its not that people don't have self respect with what they wear its just that you're jealous cause you don't have the body.
Excited to get back to San Diego in about a month!
And we love people who love usable websites! RT : Always exciting to see a new startup in town, like !
Trust me I do
Don't look for your happiness in others, ppl make too many mistakes...
When it comes to numbers...SHAWTY! I do that!
Oh my god I am so confused right now... I need ice cream
Whats the most innocent way to get fired from a job?
If we get 10 Retweets tonight mike will post nudes.
(wrong use of "too"...apologies)
good grades & social life. -.-
You will have to come back & have some more drinks very soon!
But, I'll friend you up here, best of luck in making your film, I'll do my best to track its progress. (big indie film fan)
Watching Too Cute on AnimalPlanet. Newborn Mittens!!!
no its not!!! I never ment to offend you!! gosh me saying tht isn't hating!! look i dnt wanna fight i nvr ment to make u mad
"so we can steam on the way 2 the telly, go fill my belly, tbone steak, cheese eggs and welch's grape"
oh god no. please not him too. >:( wth???
hello, im part of the solid steele radio network. Nice to meet you...:-)
and he has abs. I know you wanna touch his abs.
Re: Suspended- Reason we still need unions! Who has the tchr's back? I UNDERSTAND how he feels! America's WAR on Teachers.
I've been out of school for 10 years, and still "find a partner/group" strikes fear into my heart.
RT : Lots of great photogs here at #iconG about to start beer tasting!
Jesus now Twitter plans to censor their site? Well... As long as it gets rid of the damn egg picture spammers. #TwitterBlackout January 28th
too short
i wanna go home now!! all the things i could be doing in the city on this beautiful day!
Edwin P. Whipple~ An epigram often flashes light into regions where reason shines but dimly.
Fuck was I thinking!
Can't wait to relive the memories with MGS! How enjoyable is it in HD?
I'm the sweetest bitch you'll ever meet c;
"oh wife!" hahah so cute
Rachel Crow is so freakin cute. Amazing voice for a 14 year old.
this was my exact rxn to the finale. i was so incensed i spoiled the series for my phil & race class the next day...
Good call.
Big A done got brand new on me! Lol j/k :)
Do you want some grapes?
I wanna lay on her chest and give her kisses :(
Remember when texting wasn't free?
A week from tomorrow for the next YAA show. Wishing the best for all those nominated.
if you find bugs or want to suggest enhancements to #DPLA code, submit them to
agreed, I detest liars
see you Thursday at west canada?
have fun! I'm glad you will be tweeting the important comments so I won't miss it.
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're making that into a movie too.
MY AUNT IS PLAYING WITH MY EMOTIONS, OMFG.
If the purpose of #opengov is to get info out there: play nice. If to gadfly: well done, don't change a thing.
Quite possibly! Thanks!
lol nope but you can teach me(:
Follow the
Bad day.
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Um yeah what are u doing there when you can be with ME (your wife)
Your blog/site looks good! I too have little love for editing, compared to raw writing. Congrats on the book!
if I'm not dead after work tonight I'll visit!
That shits still in my system I guess..
YES “: SHOUT OUT to ! It's his last day at his cube job (FIS) & he is becoming a full time dev!”
You're missing the point. Hard to claim you don't have staff when 25 people were at a conf half an hour away.
I know. Like when they walked across the freezing Russian tundra and had to go all the way back. Like LOL r u dumb
I no this is going to end but until it does, thank u jesus, went in with $40, came out with 1200.00, calder again!
yes skipping the mustard.gloorioussss;) 😁
& Have a good day! and Thanks for RT!
and my phone I can't get Chris off my mind
That was the most terrifying 15 minutes of my life, but the giant, angry bee is dead. May he burn in bee hell.
I guess when you live around here its different than when your visiting. I Opened an O'Charleys here and the people from Nash
Pitt county GOP convention is underway and the room is energized to #takebackNC!
Troubling too is lack of attention to "sick" baby (description said she has a cold)-only 10 months old-no checking on her?
Slow Down open rehearsal tonight at PushPush. GHOST SHIPS! 6-10
Use promo code C2GHOLIDAY during checkout on www.Clear2O.com for #FREE shipping on your Clear2Go bottles with filters!
let's get together soon. It has been way too long!
Watched the next round of Operation Rising Star. Don't have a favorite yet...
Thank U beautiful :)
Sounds like heaven RT "jerk chicken taco. #TEJAS"
Idk why but school was pretty awesome today oh wait I didn't have school
finals are over! going home in the morning
Headed to Albuquerque. Going to spend some time there and in Santa Fe with the family and some friends. :)
APSE Client Derrick Mason organizes an informal workout on Tuesday where 27 other Ravens players showed up, including a few rookies!
hey , we'd love to partner with you! if you're interested, we can send more info!
SUMMER KICK-OFF PARTY JUNE 4TH!
": Count so much money my fingers fucking aching !"shouldv let me be ur count machine I love countin money hatin to spend it
Thrilled to be added to the AD100. Thanks !
just received invitation to Google Wave. If you're interested, looks like I can submit a few more invitations to the beta's queue
WTH!? How does gas go up 33 cents from when I left for work this morning at 4:30???
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED its still trending ;)
I hate being sick! Blaahh
Same question for the Polians ....
Damn, yeah I'll trust you with that. I drop my phone so much too. I was kinda leaning towards the HTC anyway. Thanks gurrrrrl!
The #Avengers hits theaters today! If you could be an Avenger for one day, what Avenger would you choose?
i luv u i saw your movie three times in the movie theater oh and i love u so moch!1!(:
College Life when your actively learning .. And succeeding at fulfilling your goals in life!
Friday afternoon and jobs are pouring in for HR Professionals to apply against. www.hrjobboard.com
NOW you can say you're 15 ;)
You are blessed to be a blessing! Congrats to Humanitarian, Broderick Steven (Steve) Harvey!
Learning safe and sound on the uke:)
It finally feels like spring here. :)
Corel(R) WordPerfect(R) Office X6 Expands Suite to Deliver New Time-Saving ... - MarketWatch (press release)
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy - Why, Chick-fil-A Biscuits of course!
last time for the first day of classes.
William H Macy wrote this episode he's such an amazingly talented individual.
"Keep Calm Carry On" by
And i think that should be the goal of everyone, no matter their body size, is to feel healthy, whole, complete
Y we gotta play spurs y we cant play lakers let thunder play spurs
RT : I saw the renderings for It will be a phenomenal use of an otherwise unusual slice of land. Can't wait.
I'm doing okay. How about you?!
Summertime grind #freedomoutreach is on it
yeah I know.. i think I'm going to bed pretty soon :'(
The Spurs passing is unbelievable
Negra mas fina = a more refined black
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever!! :D #PutyouHeartsUpDecember20th ♥
help us with this local peace officer memorial Rt please
#SMBmad I am hiding at the back of the conference room with tweetdeck open and plugged in! will chirp in as I see the opening!
Watching #GleeremembersWhitney It's a really good memorial.
so, uh, I've started watching Doctor Who.
You know someone loves you when they buy you a big bag of takis! Thanks
I expect a full recap over drinks!
Anytime you can play Nick Lowe's "Crackin Up! From your "old time" request girl from the early 80's! Have a great summer! *Lisa
Come visit Pleasant Farms and for Sunday's Pilsen Community Market, next week!
Sunday had a great dinner salmon, red snapper, clams and of course mussels entree's..excellent..great ambi..Chef Ronnie
Graduates within the past year, Web Design students...we(I) need your ARTimation entries!
hell and you too!!
We lead people. We manage stuff. Difference between leaders and managers.
Catch the ball JONES!
sounds good! Will be looking into new gear this summer
please email me to let me know if you are going to be able to help with this matter.
Perkins gonna get heated with somebody this series I know it.
you a fool cuz tha keep it poppy n low budget I jammin we can collab we always down
#mymomtaughtme To eliminate the smell of onion or garlic from your hands, grab with your fingers the handle of a stainless steel spoon...
fingers crossed that everything turns out okay. thoughts and prayers.
Cool. Where is it and when?
Yep. I'm still in the Milwaukee-area.
Why do I capitalize "Communism" and not "capitalism"? Capitalism has enough capital.
Gonna go buy me a tortaaa
damn three more days until we welcome the newset Miami Dolphin
#IfMBWasOnPunkd should see this maybe it'll give them a clue we want them there!!!!!!
WAFFLE HOUSE!!
Wish the ozone would hurry up and and burn up so it will be summer all year round I hate the cold
Who wants a Bamsmash sticker? DM me your address and name. :)
I really, really, REALLY hate "Contact Us" forms. Really. They make my job as a producer at that much more difficult.
The weather is cold again. To combat this -- be extra polite today. It'll make u feel all warm inside!
The past is now.
I am mature!
do you know when the RSVP date for the Olympic gold pack will be , or playoff 12 date is . And its a random time correct?
Hell no, it doesn't mean immunity. It means if you suddenly decide it's not cool, you say, know what, I just decided this & we >
Mental Health Association in Wichita KS helping people every day!
No joke, my van drives better than any SUV in the snow.
Working Turner Hall for LIGHTS. Sadly, the people waiting in line look to be about 12. This is not gonna bode well for my desire to drink.
ohh nah thats ok we can guess it out for ourselves, i want them to be unique
He wanted my number but I just walked away :)
Winner, Winner Tulip dinner from another attendee RT : Wow I won a free dinner at Tulip and a great Photoshop World book at !
New alpinestars shoes came in!
I'm done. Too damn tired and annoyed.
I feel your pain
Yep that's what I meant. Perfect. If you email me at we can set something up.
I ordered Cuban.
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 28
Guess was spot on!! Not so sure about the loss though?!?
Rule No. 451: No additional valuable information comes from the question-and-answer session.
If you can't find a reason to wake up this morning, don't bother going to sleep until you find a reason for tomorrow.#life is short
BTW, we have been cranking out records lately..., , , , and the rest of the fam!
IF U AINT WINNIN DEN U LOSEIN AND I DNT NEVA LOSE! JUST ASK ABOUT ME
I can't believe today is really the last day =(! My mornings will never be the same.
Early #cardio. Then work work work.
Told the guy at burger king that I had diabetes because he didn't like give me an option of what kind of drink I wanted
“: Congratulations to for being accepted to GASCAP.” I laughed. Good one!
yup yup. Ron's used tires $65 special.
Hopkins Coaches getting ready to speak at football clinic this morning in Scranton, Pennsylvania
Folks, connectivity is making Papa cranky, so I'm adopting the new convention of (M) = Mauler, (R) = Rottenchester, (J) = jammer, (L) = lead
will do!
#thevoice should be crazy for letting that Juilette Simms sing Crazy by Ceelo...She sound Crazy
RT Shout out to my new followers #PackerNation #GoPack!!!!
pitchers are only $6 tonight. As if you needed another reason to drink on a Monday.
Waaaaah! Sounds GREAT! Going to a clambake in CT...
do you miss me? ;)
I am bursting at the seams with excitement to show you all this movie! :). What a great night at the studio.
Thx for linking the nyt story, hope all's wonderful in SF, need to plan a trip out there soon.
it shows up on mine so stoves phone must be toasty
C'mon lob city!
