lol i kno what to do
Go by LoveSac Scottsdale, AZ get a Sactioanls demo from David, Jeanne or Carmen and receive a free gift !
one month from today: Tour de France
Don't ask someone for their opinion then get mad when ever they give it to you.
don't hog all the fun XD
wow. my parents left me to go get the christmas tree. i feel unloved. ._.
Tyra Banks Fires Everyone on "America's Top Model" | The Adrienne ...
I sure was about to comment on that RT.
I will paint my face blue and storm the castle
Do you have a quarter?
Wow just realized all games today are 3-1
When someone moves on from hurting your feelings to actually hurting your soul, shit hits the fan.
could definitely see that happening in some european countries RT maybe its more like a civil war kind of
Love Sleep !!
Anyone in NYC/NJ, have an extra ticket to devils/panthers. DM if u want.
lol thanks Jason :)
Do you mean, Hank, that Huff is better at both? Or that Belt is better than Huff at 1B but not LF?
“: Lean over, tap his balls & say, "Oh...sorry, thought I dropped my iPhone."”
Dan Geronimo, name sounds familiar
Happy Friday! For C+S client updates #FF For C+S staff
that b word is very rude tsk tsk..HI MY ZI BUTT!
Yes! The lemon bars were to-die-for. We gobbled up every citrus-y bite :)
Thanks for the RT
Heading out to our very last show of 2011 in Walnut Creek at The Red House! Stoked to be ending this year with what we love to do! We have
Lawrdd they cuttn up on the book!!!
emWave Biofeedback Products by HeartMath - HeartMath is recognized as one of the world’s foremost authorities on emotional...
I MISS YOU </3
It's a fairly quiet afternoon but of COURSE I get two phone calls at the exact same time.
don't lock it tweets cause I want to retweet them I can't
p.s. I haven't forgot that u may have a surprise for our anniversary event.... ;)
i need one now!
no doubt bro
Thanks for the #FF!
I'm on my own time getting to school today muhahaha
wow trying to date my twin now??? #howlowcanyougo<limbovoice:D
Yes. Except for you. You get a juice box.
If I were competing against my allergies on The Hunger Games, I would slaughter them.
Seriously coveting hipster glasses. Should I?
it would be spectacular if i could sleep through the nite just once -_- work 6-3.
Bout to grub on some #Tia's in #Boston with gang.
Now presenting at #codeforoakland: OaklandWhere, a smartphone app that would help Oaklanders connect to services based on location.
worst day ):
Is digging all of the intense choreography in this years VMA's. People are stepping it up. Love it.
They're a machine....But why is the fandom dead?
Morning. Hope you're having a great day.
I'd love to! I have no plans yet! :) we could do lunch, meet in a panel- lemme know what you're up to!
what are the conceptual issues?
is reporting the long Glenwood takeover of the site on 46th and 8th. $76M was the UPB of the mortgage.
funny fucking show. Watch it. Now.
These late night ads.. 350,000 people in wisconsin sit n smoke on it
Fuck i do not feel good :/
Classic Rock 104.5 FM is over here giving away ICE RAYS tickets & signing people up for Megadeth tickets. Moore Plaza, Staples & SPID. CLEAR
dam i fell off the twitter train but im back on
I hate it when I'm showing someone a picture on my phone and they end up looking threw all my pictures 😒
New library hours: Wednesdays, 3-6 p.m. Stop by and visit.
What boy uses creamy shea butter?
tranlib: Awesome! RT : Going to propose tech reports start requiring datasets to be provided. Thanks to idea ...
Thanks for the mention
BOSS I SEE YOU MAKIN POWER MOVES !!! DIGG DAT !!!
Honestly, who does Frito-Lay think they're dealing with? I don't think anyone eats a serving size of chips and is satisfied.
LOL, I'm just messin' You better give Flicker what (s)he needs!
BGP took a week off to celebrate moms day! Gorilla's have mothers too damnit!
please follow me i love Dianna
Great quote from my tweep Credibility is a leader's currency
Dammit Dave! Calm the hell down. Fuck.
CONGRATS on your RITA award! So thrilled but not surprised :)
thanks for sharing!
you're going to get suspended from 50 concerts if you don't watch it!
Bleh, I just wanna go fishing.
Last day at the beach.
Mira you're so wise.
Movie night with my girlfriend #love her
How good R U? U Can B! #singingforaliving with
Texas in July is the shit
8ball&mjg tonight where d f#%k u at
derrick+rose+injury
Obama is against the patriot act...didnt hear him complain when he took credit for osama
We're bored to death in Heaven. And all alone in Hell. We only want to be ourselves.
pretty sure I asked you that everyday we lived together RT : RT : Do I need a jacket?
I never followed him. Nothing but a fame leech in my book.
We gone make it happen! Ima write the business plan- we going to get this budget!- Line of Credit! & get money!
I text you (:
MESA, ARIZONA
“: SPOILER ALERT: Santa isn't real.” haha! Nice
i need a blunt
how bout some imagines!!
HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY! Hope you have an amazing day(: I love you <3
Masks are put on to please those around us.
- Thanks for the follow, Tiffany. See you on stage with SAYS.
Sweetie! Thank you! “: "Something" by the Beatles. The song.”
"It's a hell of a thing, killing a man. Take away all he's got and all he's ever gonna have"
havent been on this in forever... for a good reason too, ITS POINTLESS!
Agree but then again 3 days rest versus 10 days rest
i agree lol we were just seconds apart on that statement lol
Prob not my fav but most memorable was making me feel small with his talk, gj tho. Don't get mad, get better.
I remember in elementary skool we ate off lime green trays. Them chocolate milks was good as shit
Lol RT : Ladies...goin out in public in your dudes bball shorts/shirt isnt fly. ESP when u dont shower or wear makeup. Drake ...
Looks like a two horse race between us and them Gophers.
is busy....tastings, contracts, emails, just plain ole' keeping organized.
“If Taylor Swift put on black eyeliner & flushed her head in a toilet full of glitter she'd be Ke$ha!”
one step closer to Miami- lets go sailing!!
OMG! I think im in love with my past crush...again...<3
yes so me the pic & I wil size it 4 U
NorthStar Realty Finance Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
I'm back at home now..
lol haha girl omg lol you cracking me up !
Happy Monday my dear. Great to see you yesterday. Hope you get some rest after all your travels! : )
I need one of your Mr Mince Productions hats that you had for the Bash!!
News PGA Tour Confidential: Steve Williams's racial insult, HSBC Champions Our panel debates Steve Williams's racial dig at
Can this Celtics fan from Tennessee get a RT on her 40th birthday? Best Wishes Always!!!
Good morning everyone hope you have a great Tuesday!
Thank you to everyone who came out to Sound Swap last night!
Happy Friday to you!
Go Beat alaska!!
I think its going to storm soon!
I'm right by Lincoln center as of now. I can move though...
I will never get mad at fast food workers. Unless they really deserve it. This is what working fast food has taught me.
Movie recommendation is Ralph Fiennes in "Strange Days"
Heartfelt prayers & speedy recovery go out to Warren Buffett regarding his prostate cancer diagnosis.
Bestfrannn isn't texting back! D:
What is this word, "boss" that you use? I haven't had a real job for so long I've forgotten.
like what?? ELABORATE.
Working hard on a new project.
had to play four innings lol. Sounds good boys. Can't wait!
Road Quote of the Day: "The journey not the arrival matters.” - T.S. Eliot
ugh I don't know
I don't think I've ever disliked you as much as I do right now. I'm just starting my finals.
Seeing Dirty Dancing at There had better be a group cheer at "Nobody puts Baby in the corner," people!
Throwing it
Jamming to drake as I wait 4 my brother
you are now I see thanks for the Follow
What's everyone doing for #CincodeMayo?
You are absolutely welcome!
#WeWontWorkoutIf You don't make me laugh
RT : Today on Rag Radio: The Republican Brain dissected! Guest:author Chris Mooney. 2-3 pm - KOOP, Austin & streamed live...
great day in the mornin he's right! "the album was so good it made me smack my dog and marry my wife"--josh, va.
my real favs are rock & stone cold, im big on the 90s era.
getting #AirJodans ! So happy :)
Last nights Q and A
Re-read YGB last night for the first time in a while. So well wrought. Need to Re-read Colacurico before class.
Let's hope no one has a pacemaker.
Bring it. RT Hey Louisville..in the word of Omar from "The Wire"..."you come at the King...you best not miss"
#ThingsILookFor if any cops are around
to tired to even think...
I will be the Host of Impact TV with Greg Davis on Saturday!
Happy birthday!
#itshardwhen everybody dislike u because u are belieber...
Can someone tell me why I NEVER receive the LS coupon I purchase?
I can already see June is gonna be a busy month
Drinking wine while doing Church History homework. Yes.
You there by yourself? Starting to hallucinate? ;)
o teach is to learn.
I fear being poor 2nd ...homeless....thats ill
": why would I carry stadium blankets?!?!?!" For when your legs get cold, of course!
hahahahhaa i wanna see :o by the way are you coming w allegra and me after school so we go together?
Thanks for your support! Do you have a bracelet yet?
The traffic this weekend is going to freaking insane.
U a jackass like johnny knoxville
#Reading #Hereville, just saw a reference to #Bone . I love visual references. (Incl. music posters on walls in graphic novels) Dork out!
Nook Tablet vs. Kindle Fire - which is more desirable to you?
I'm pretty sure that heaven will be this temperature.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that acts retarded!
Put the liquid painting crack down
it was nice seeing you on Friday 😜
i'll tell you when we meet up tomorro
You should! I took a linguistics class last year and it was fascinating. I learned so much about how we communicate.
MOCHA COOKIE CRUMBLE
Sad Maurice Sendak is gone. 'Where the Wild Things Are' was a favorite as a kid. Looking forward to reading it to my future child someday.
omg omg omg I love you
LOL what flavor did you get? Pomegranate and the orange are probably my faves.
Fantasyfootballmd.com will follow and relay your Weekly Fantasy Football rankings as well as those of other fantasy experts
Moonlight Sonata, conducted by Beethoven always calms the nerves.
Speechless! So who killed the poor child?
Social tagging validates others' tags- builds online community of observation & comparison. Works for art museums- others?
So the #Patriots select Chandler Jones.....never heard of him ....
S/o 2 the real daddy's out here n the mix really gettin it 4 u n urs
shower then sleep
Party time!!! Martha's Vinyard here we come!!! I love this job ... we take more vacations than anybody!!!
no, but we have XBOX 360 w/35 games in every stretch..
Passion is to kiss or to hug and to prove that action speaks louder than words."
We love Barack Obama! We love peace! And we love Celebrity Apprentice! Peace, love, & Business as usual!
I'm fine girl. Just kinda pissed but it's all good
Big ups to the guy with the #Packers visor in the crowd on the #NFL Network post game coverage.
what??? your moving?
God must love stupid people,he made so many!
Wait, Denver has orange! And they drafted Tebow! RT I've followed Broncos. Time to pull 4 Cinci :)
it's chill, you know I fit in, where I get in.. Lol how's thieveland treating ya?
I was bad and had a cheeseburger for lunch. Commence food coma.
thanks David! Hope all is well in Chicago.
Tell Golic it's called the "Notre Dame Victory March" - Know your school!
& hello new friends - lol - i just followed yall
S/o 2 the "rappers"/ "hoodstars" that cant keep track of their house keys
and now there will be 2 ginger quarterbacks in that division hahaha
Real time fishing.
There are 4 tools that help us to see what can't be seen with the naked eye: microscopes, telescopes, statistics and meditation.
I want to see the Mormon Tabernacle Choir perform live. Witness beautiful music being made before my very own eyes, giving glory to God.
So weird to be listening to with and while also seeing the back of their heads on ESPN!
#psu today, let's go are you ready
Common Sense Media will release info re young children's use of media
Anyone in California do Affiliate Program Management? DM us your contact information.
think my tassle needs more time
anytime bro, when's everything go live?
Had an amazing dinner at the Paris Club last night. Maybe I did miss Chicago a bit?
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS! <33333
Worst day ever
Lawd!!! "Ribbon in the sky" Stevie wonder...all time fav and he revamp for
Oh ! Look who else is talking 80's country. We're such trendsetters! RT Now playing:elvira:the oak ridge boys
a 7th grader pregnant? Holy shiiiiit. Wow. That's fucking crazy. What a whore.
They are getting a real Brazilian.
"We've always done it that way!" Talk about stopping progress.
Thanks for the RT on my posts... Have a great day! -Kevin
Hi Kate, Thanks for following me
You are such a two-faced, conniving, manipulative, little bitch. I can't wait till you fall on your damn face.
I'm home today & I'm lovin it. Bae's off as well, time to catch up on our shows & our baby making skills...lmao
you got this..
ritz 22nd : is this anywhere foggy bottom? my sister was looking for him around her job today...
thank you for the follow
I think Congress should opt out of any COLA increases since those cost jobs. At least they say they do in private sector.
Went through the people following :hive and wow did we luck out on the 900+ followers we have... what a great group! almost to 1000!
he located the red headed woman he had married in philadelphia
According to FCC filings, President is Jim Bahri.
i was waiting for you to retweet it
big game tn wit
time to grove with a new world, a new breath a new change
is chillin' and wants to know what everyone is doin' for Halloween?
I would freak!
We'll have to see. Perfectly willing to believe I got gamed. But we'll see.
#UndoIt by is SO relevant to my situation right now! The song puts my thoughts into words. <3
Don't follow me if your just gonna unfollow later.
Hey Twitter fans, I need a few Buyers Agents that have experience selling BANK - HUD and Short Sales.... Don't forget the EXPERIENCE part!!
I just read that finished High School! Congrats Justin! :D Just 1 more year and i'll be done, too. Exciting stuff!(:
wouldn't be here without all of our backers/preorderers and want to extend our thanks to their family/friends
thank you so much, my dear. xoxoxoxoxox <3
these customers are ignorant...im about to cut a bitch!
We’d all be a lot happier if only we were given the chance to blow our favorite member of 1D.....*sigh*
Wow, pretty cool - I just learned how to text from my phone right to my wall - I'll tweet more deals now - AWESOME lol
Ah dang, the cat likes Cap'n Crunch Peanut Butter Crunch! Knew he liked Gingersnap cookies, didn't think he'd go after a piece of cereal.
yeah, I usually like him too. But you're right. Antagonizing #BBN is how some of them make a living. We're just that powerful!
do you have numbers for the others too?
Doing some homework.
Why what happened Tiff?
Right now I have a negative number of Tweets... it's kind of a shame to mess that up! I guess this one will make zero...
What a weekend, successfull Greg Jennings Golf Outing and ReStore sale! Thanks for the support
Hahaha true! RT Regal beagle. because its the one that serves booze.
Havent been to sleep yet .... i decided to stay up all night last night ! D:
Doomtree: The Hip-Hop Co-Op - NPR
To everyone at Coachella, I'm glad I'm not in 100+ degree weather in a desert with a bunch of sweaty people Not Jealous. Enjoy.
There's a "frozen Semin" joke in there someplace.
We're thrilled to be working with you too!
Check out FL got Skills! Listen to new music! @
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!104
Good point! Anyone care to share? #FortWayne RT : I would like to ask non-voters: "Why are you not voting?"
im gonna #kms in the morning -_-
Do you know what your tattoo ink is made of?
but anyway, I think that's still messed up that it didnt happen.
no. im not into fruit and pastries together. it's gross to me :P so my opinion is stupid
it was so crowded that we left at 10....too many people!
STALL: I-5 southbound ramp to the Morrison Bridge, left lane blocked, expect slowing
hey & others we run Accessibility Camp DC once a year, but we have monthly meetings at MLK library on 3rd Tues each month.
Every time I have plans... Something goes terribly wrong
I think you answered your own question robot. Thanks.
Tweeting from the set on the last day of the shoot. Good morning, friends!
Feel like curling up in a warm blanket and reading a good book! Its so cold..
I've got a feeling like the 07 LSU game. Wish I was going. You're on Twitter. Awesome!
If I get 5+ piercings in my face, brag about smoking weed and pretend I don't give a fuck about anything will I be considered hip and cool?
WSOP Main. Finished w 47K. Plyd well overall. Probably b around Ave stack w 94 BBs. Play again on Tuesday, Day 2B.
Goodnight twitter xo
Calling giants v patriots in the super bowl
i feel like we're having a twitter moment :) xoxo, xolondon
#BBW ignorant immature bored bitchs!!!!!! I've never seen anything like this from ppl over 20 years old...
Good job to whomever invented yoga pants
Ive said it a million times."If your a fan of Atlanta PRO sports, prepare to have ur heart broken.""If it hasn't happened already."
Great (if sweaty) times today at Jim Moran's campaign kick-off in Falls Church.
me to imma try to get all my shit did in a week I gotta wait cause dude still drawin it
There are many types of writing tasks – essays, coursepapers, thesis papers and many others.
it doesn't matter wateva is gud for u
So they painted and cleaned the terrible elevator in my building, and for some reason it smells worse now...
we are set up and grillin sausage and zack has burritos.15 north tejon. we will be setting up at city rocks N parking lot about today at 330
I have a family function Friday night. One day we will meet up.
Nasty people everywhere! Ewwww!
Goose Clooney for me?
Check out some of the star finder apps. Also allrecipes dinner spinner, although that's a bit of a gimmick.
My favorite part of the clipper/Memphis game - Chris Paul to the reporter "that's a nice suit, but Easter passed bro"
#kids Toddler Story Time: Toddler Story Time from Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 10:30 AM to Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 11:30 AM Green Tree...
#thingsgirlswantboystodo Check out www.tomorrowbook.com
“If man has no tea in him, he is incapable of understanding truth and beauty.” - Japanese Proverb
I need to step up my tattoo game on the real :o
How'd it go today? Had protein shake for lunch - then had cheese & crackers at 4 (grading STRESS).Repenting:salad for dinner
Running on like 3 hours of sleep lol
It is definitely not my native habitat!
Hope to see lots of librarians at lib recept tonight! Follow my aka for romance writing conf tweets this wkend.
and myself are much obliged!
Dear lady in although I love animal print, putting cheetah and zebra print together in one outfit is a big no no.
my favorite band!
The pit misses you already!
tea smells so good
It's been a good day (:
I haven't tweeted in a while iv been busy i had school, practice games im glad theres no more volleyball but next basketball yay
Glad we won both games today!
#emac6v81 OL community class: Please check email for updated schedule of Feb 16 and Feb 23. eLearning discussion through Feb 6.
No one wants this game.
When you talk about me it says more about you.
and u such lebrons dick for a living
Great moments in life often come from friends.
I need my paycheck so I can actually have money
You know it! But they act like hundreds of people have died over the years. Our whole bar laughed out loud. Unreal!!
RT : Soyuz launch looking good. I am always amazed and thrilled that we can do such things as put humans in space.
well good evening lovely lady ...
Thanks Jim! We appreciate the support
Good luck.
Bye Matt! Good luck.
...he thought cosmetology was a photography class
Introducing my MIL to Wallace and Gromit - Close Shave and Wrong Trousers. Love Gromit knitting!
Crew retreats to bridge.
hope my tootsie roll joke was ok for air! Thx freaks!
So the Red Sox saw Scotty Pods' .289 OBP in A and thought "we need to get some of that?"
This week is extremely busy (-____-)
right. nothin wrong with his lips and eyes, he's kissing and winking at people in the crowd
All them bitches love me!
Apparently, one accidentally falls and a dick enters their mouth.
what should I get my mom for mothers day?
I need to take a picture of myself for Twitter... I don't wanna just use an old pic but I'm not very photogenic. -.-
Rereading An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations, by Adam Smith. It's the how-to book for robber barons everywhere.
check us out. Where we've been, where we're going...far into the future.
the first two. Phantasy start 1 & 2. Love the whole series but the first two... My faves!!!
Anybody out there know stuff about vintage typewriters? I have an LC Smith & Corona Silent c. 1938 and I have a question. Anyone? Beuller?
Thanks! x
Only 9 followers away from 1000?! Unreal! Let's hit that landmark!!!!
It takes money to make money!.. invest in yourself!!
The mighty Z will be bringing sexy back starting at 9 tonight. Come hang w/ one of MKE's best bartenders and take him on in some bar dice
Still trying to figure out Twitter!
any colorists want to come play? dm us!
send me sumin let me see wat u got !
nice job getting that done....two days past deadline
Happy new year all! (slightly belated - my laptop has gone in for a new year detox!). May all your dreams & new years res come true.
#bulls win !
You're welcome. I'm trying to get into a productive writing schedule, now that the software project is over.
Great first half for the #Badgers. When they're making shots they can beat anyone. Now, need to keep it up.
Our guests beat the heat with one of our many pools. How will you beat the heat on today (expected to be 113)?
Where will you be heading in Las Vegas this weekend? Pools? Nightclubs? Lounges? Casino?
New videos have been posted of actual stem cell treatments for Tay-Sachs disease and COPD. www.stemcellregenmed.com/testimonials4.htm
we will not go down without a fight! :D
Paying tribute to Thomas
DON'T YOU GET IT PEGGY = DON
I just realized I forgot about Sherlock. Goddammit'
North Korea is just embarrassed their rocket didn't work. I know when I'm embarrassed I threaten the life of millions of South Koreans.
#Iah_Said #PlanetRockMo Has Really Been Out Here On The Grind
Big L #dopest Big Pun dopest. # its a tie
Leather suit!
Good Morning, My tweeter friends it's Thursday again and we are stepping up towards our Media blast April 6th www.rickeyleewatson.com
I am enjoying a plate of Mandy's home made chicken chow mien!
I think we're following a 100 new people today lol wow. need cleaning done? Call 586 663 0054 today!
I love how after awhile of being "friends" with someone you see all the fakeness. Oh well
Need food now
Guess What?
Interesting things happening at with Bruce Murphy joining the team. Can't wait for his first couple stories.
My mom was begging for a fb, now she doesn't want one because she likes to be private haha cute
Earmarks as a whole just need to be eliminated.
Getting excited about PLA!
I'm getting so annoyed by the leering men on the metro! Stop.staring. It's crossing the line when I go to work feeling creeped out & unsafe.
thanks for the #follow! Keep me up-to-date on your #music!
One day at a time
If i told you.. well.. You'd know.. lol
Live every day like it's your last because one day you'll be right
It's 2012... Hard to top 2011
Check out: Fresh+Food+from+Small+Spaces via .
is he the new endorser of penshoppe!?
:D thats what I like to hear
is the best basketball team in the Nation in my opinion.
If he could make my dream come true,just onceI would be a happy girl!I've always dreamed of meeting Jb,and have him follow me!
Feature:southern fried cod sandwich w/roasted poblano tartar sauce,chipotle caramelized onions,lettuce&tomato on a baguette.$9
agreed :) hashtags should be defaulted :) but still... WOOOOHOOOOOOO
“This was not a good start” — line from debut episode sums it up well for this new series.
What a Beautiful day in Miami, I wonder whats going on at the beach right now...
Hahaha, well, that's ONE reason...
Chain Music - Wale.
We already know what happens when you let religion run a country. Theocracy is not something to which a free people should aspire.
kids nowadays make way too much noise
You can tell me. I won't mind.
Yeah. I'm going to be a professor so I can somewhat justify it. Isn't an office full of books a prereq?
Omg did i mention that at prom called me a homo i almost kms but it's ok because his hair looked nice.
Financial Peace Starts next week here! Come for the preview night on Jan. 16, 6:30pm to get a glimpse of the class and purchase your kit
I think its time to be off to find some delicious food since I'm back home.
I wanted funknation to win
oh my goodness you are tweeting from the beyond! Good to know there is wifi!! :)
Excited about having a show to bug you about. Listening to AC|DC, slamming some coffee, shaking my fist at the sky, & burning lampshades.
This is a very good, very opportunistic, defense.
Good today, gone tomorrow! Try our weekend special cocktail, the Sweet 16 Sunrise! Stoli Oranj, Fresh OJ and Cranberry equals awesome!
Crap you're totally right. Thanks for reining on my parade.
HOLA Twitterers! If $500 fell into your lap unexpectedly and you could do anything in the world with it, what would you do?
I'm gonna b at work the next couple days so if u wanna drop it off at my house tht would b cool if not ill come get it tuesday
that's classic!
are you guys on the chat today?
100+ students in Annapolis with Gov. supporting offshore wind.
No manpris? :p
lol. Going on 7+ years where I haven't had to coexist with BS like that. Thanks for reminding where the grass is greener.
Truly amazing that when you catch me staring at you, you see right through me
Congrats!! I'm at a casting right now! About to do the same
Driving to Greene Street Club! Is anyone who was at our show there with coming tonight?
what movie are u watching?
Mayweather beats Cotto... Kind of a disappointment, considering Mayweather is going jail this summer...
I hope we didnt lose the tech n9ne we all loved since angehllic. Lets hope the industry wont corrupt him. 4 EVER FUCK VIACOM
The show reminds us of what's important: supporting those in need, keeping things in perspective, enjoying every moment.
Big game for Downing tonight. Wants a more regular place; finally needs to replicate outstanding & consistent club form internationally
So excited to be at the ICA awaiting remarks from our First Lady Michelle Obama. This place is electric...we are 7th row from her - center.
Basically in a nutshell we can utilize our past learnings to ensure that we can achieve this deliverable from a media perspective.
Well! Happy belated birthday!
I didn't know they made timberland boots in lime green ....
I might even be able to see you from up here, if you were taller. ☺
I think you should retweet this ;) yeah?
we will miss you at the we will schedule a debrief
Thanks to all my Woolly pals for coming out and watching the game tonight.
On NPR this morning I thought I was listening to Marty Funkhouser from Curb Your Enthusiasm but it was actually Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin.
Learing of ancient celtic culture, i have come to realize that you are a fili'd, poet and bard.
My 3,000th tweet is dedicated to the one & only ♥ I love you baby. This account is for you :)
Just because Andy Sixx does it doesn't mean you have too.
Just had a caramel frapachino
its my pleasure :) thank you
beyond adorable!
Early morning online coupon shopping to be followed by Target for the Wu collection. Meeting friends at opening! Crazy? Yes!Fun? Absolutely!
I wanna go ham at something just once in my life.
lol dude i cannot wait. i LOVE <3
at school doing nothin...all my work is done for week...
my mum does. Hahaha
it just my heart
Blood Diner = best use of a ventriloquist dummy ever.
The most important thing I learned this year was how to be responsible with my money. School is better with books and food.
I have been gone from twitter for way too long! This is what happens when you lose your job, find another, and spend 3 wks traveling
I'm your new teacher
I always leave my mark...so a b**ch can remember Me by!!!!!!!!
Reviewing some quality Cherokee Challenge applications...
Hittin the club w ! Gonna get rowdy tonight !
A 2011 psych study stated that 6-year-olds have trouble changing their biases when faced with conflicting emotional cues.
I always imagine Flynn Rider from Tangled saying "CAN YOU IMAGINE THE POSSIBILITIES" whenever someone says that... Haha sorry
You sad old lady. I feel sorry for your bastard offspring
so awesome!!! you RULE!!!
Happy Pi Day!
Music cures.
ah one day down 68 to go!! :) I miss you!!
It not gambling when you know you going to win
Yesterday was a good day. It's only Monday, and I'm already looking forward to the weekend.
I know you didn't make up "everting," but are there earlier uses that inspired yours?
pandora is doing the most right now. Never listing to the trey songz station again
It's alive, IT'S ALIVE! Look around the brand new www.ArlingtonLibrary.org & tell us what you think on the feedback link on the homepage.
of course!
My hair always looks good on days we don't have school
looks sharp!
There's nothing a couple margaritas cant fix
Recently noticed that my mother's age is inversely proportional to her ability to edit her spoken thoughts.
Yo yo yo ! The posse has arrived. What's new and fun to do this week while we are in town?
better follow back
Awwhh Thanks(: So Much.
I have no idea...and normally don't understand most of your tweets..you're way too clever for me. But I do know I miss ya! :)
Oh yeah! Forgot about trivia! I should be able to make it this week. :)
Thanks! Good luck on your piece.
Hi sorry Just noticed your mention. What is the url of your current site so I can take a look at that first? Thnks
Like I said, maybe just the 1st domino. I just think this scandal goes deeper and others implicated don't want questions asked.
RT : : "Longer narratives hook people in and humanize the lives of others [in slums etc] around the...
"Are you going fishin' or fishing?!" #KennettProbs 😂
think i got what i needed :)
Heading to the Detroit Athletic Club to hear the 2012 #DetroitJazzFest lineup announcement!
“: It's possible for a vagina to literally fall out. This is called "pelvic prolapse."” excuse me miss u dropped ur vagina hahaha!
Excited to rock with you guys tonight!
So ur coming to Food Court right??? Riggghhhtt??? RT Damn i want some So bad
Yea i Can't Really Rock With Them As Far As Rela, Both Of My Parents Are & i Def Can't Mess With People That Remind Me Of Them
Laughter is Free.......Laugh till it hurts! Now that's what I call Pain Free. ~ Lisa Morgan
NHL on NBC's "Name that squirt" is the most ill-named tv segment running
I need a bitch that'll pour my drank, make my plate and take the garbage out.
We're closed for lunch today to cater a function! We'll re-open at 3 pm & remain open till 8 pm! Can't wait to see you!
Another RACK opening tomorrow to serve San Diego county in National City Doors open Get there early to join the hype
I don't know who u are
All bets are off. I could definitely see Nolan incorporating elements of DK Returns. I'm excited for the possibilities.
Thanks to all of you for a great time :)
RT : In Baltimore? MT : Glories of Jewish deli -- Friday w/ Knish maven Laura Silver 1 pm
#KevinNa has yips we can all see but he's still striping it. #TigerWoods' yips are between his ears. We can only see their results.
I woke up this morning and cried because I thought I had to go to school.
GYM Time! GYM Time!!
Sitting here helping Gramps write an obituary is pretty humbling. Tell your loved ones how much you care, will ya?
Just be careful that you don't die from alcohol poisoning.
The difference between a mosquito and slut, when you slap a mosquito it stops sucking.
It was a pleasure to meet DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz on Friday. Thanks for stopping by our office
Chicago Taste manager speaks to Newschannel 3 - WWMT The Health Department has told Newschannel 3 that they'll be meeting with Chicago Ta
just because you dropped a Kenny bania quote. I'm on it
SURF REPORT: 4/28/11 Pacific Beach 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 62°F
Prep for winter w/ our Sports Basement Shopping Party January 26 for 15% entire purchase. Win $10 gift card on FB today!...
Are you giving the red wings props?!?
hey #packers fans wanna play #fantasy football against #Antonio Freeman Get signed memorabilia too http:www.legendsfantasyleagues.com
We passed the exit. And now we have an hour to go. But we were 5mins away. Smh
arms and legs soon enough!!
#MadeUpFactsAboutAnimals Most snakes are very affectionate and would love to be petted, but don't realize that they intimidate humans.
I look just like the girls next door... if you happen to live next door to an amusement park. - Dolly Parton
Thanks, lady <3
A child develops individuality long before he develops taste. I have seen my kid straggle into the kitchen in the morning with o
One day my belly button feels fine and looks healed and the next it hurts. What's up with this?! I'm over it 😒
Double bouncies allowed? RT : For one UFC they should replace the floor with a bounce mat and have a out of cage rule
MT : It makes me so nervous when people stand near the edge of the subway platform and I have a bad case of The Pushies
Crazy In Love.
Hahahaha! But imagine if it were.
Thanks for following us. Will keep on touch we have a new album coming out soon. Be Blessed
Just had lunch I was starving! (: 2 more period till school end.
No clue!!! He watched film on vhs RT : Does Kenny Smith know that Duke probably had 10 films on Lehigh?
POW...Youve been donkey punched lmao...sorry i had to
My family rolls thick like syrup and milkshakes -- Leland Nelson ✈ () whats up with it bra?
Going to Knoxville to get my AI/ISMA Yoga Instructor Certification! Yea! :-)
Thanks for spreading the word!
Chinese was blah! I dnt think i was really even hungry to order that mess. Smh
Scouted on E! Is on now- theme song "Watch Me"!!! Yayyyyy!!!!
Not bad! Just stumbling blocks...and the world could use more cream-filled stumbling blocks LOL
so where we getting crazy you in Belltown?
thank you!!! I thought so, but I was unsure listening to this talk at
I love you, Cam!
Excellent! I look forward to meeting you!
EVERYONE FOLLOW the best guy on CNN He needs us!
HOLY EFF!!! The POLLEN COUNT is WHAT?! 2100?!
good so far a few kinks here and there, but working on it!
Uconn woman basketball is amazing.
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: We open the Rock & Roll Yearbook for 1968 - Where Simon & Garfunkel do a movie soundtrack and...
Today was the first day of food trucks in downtown #SanAntonio! I hear the truck with the brisket was phenomenal!!
Good one. Or I put the ick in classics.
Okay, now let's get the 2012-13 way too early rankings and prediction out!
Today was a good day. I got to get out with Leah and go visit my grandma at her resting place.
maybe cuz no one can smell it.... ~.^ lol
Q4 When I was in my teens I worked at a charitable grocery for the elderly. Helped me learn how to deal with the public.
I wonder if will see this on his timeline...hi Alex <3
my muscle hurt so bad. Who's tryin to give me a massage
A society that has more justice is a society that needs less charity. ~Ralph Nader
Boyfriend is spending the night and we ain't wakin up till 12 in the afternoon AMEN((:
Family Yoga by Triyoga and City Park Movement and Art from 10-11AM this morning
pretty cool! Thanks for the tip!
In Amarillo for the night. Hello Texas and get ready Dallas cuz I'm here to fuck shit up!
#SometimesIWonder is this the right choice?? Are you the one
nothing better than homemade sweet potato and butternut squash soup on a grey day ? m
This moment in time I'll find the words to say, before you leave me todaay. . .
Don't over stretch and get crushed by a freak event
"A doctor once told Zayn not to lift anything heavy for 2 weeks. he replied with, 'guess i’ll have to pee sitting down then" OMG I NEED AIR
tonight @ the Taxpayers Dinner, governments get awards for good or fleeced for bad! Who do you think will win?
Dear LA Drivers, What happened to the courtesy wave and the use of your turn signals? Look up from your Crackberry every once in a while!
but around your friends you be frontin. putting up a show tho.
Thanks! Should we look forward to seeing you tomorrow?
its heats year this year. you will see
thank you! You made my day/week/life! It was such a treat, its amazing how we can pick up just where we left off. Love u tons!
um, of course!! I can't wait to see you! I'm gonna be there in like.. 2 hours! 😁😘
you haven't even given poor Karl a chance yet! M'awww sad noises with trombone for Karl. Weemp womp woooohm.
Or maybe some other time. Good god that's a lot of people.
Caddy, do you think it is a sin to play golf on a Sunday? The way you play, Sir, it's a crime any day of the week.
of course. I work here? Lol
Its always good to have a couple of drinks with your boy while you talk about how great life is..
I'm addicted to my Starbucks app!
~ Thanks SO much Chris!!! God bless my friend :)
yeah?? I heard i smell funny too! Lol
Agreed. People under 30 have never seen IU as a rival. We hate DUKE more and never actually play them.
This man has on a plaid cap, shirt, shorts and plaid boat shoes. Smh only in southside chicago.
u completely detroyed my tights...
Kings Speech.... AMAZING #win!
all speaking at #cnndialogues series about The 'Arab Spring': A Path to Democracy? In Atlanta, GA 2/9/12.
For a law-breaking, rule-manipulating, potentially racist Texan, Rick Perry sure sucks at debates.
SPECIAL PRICES FOR FIU STUDENTS,AND FACULTY! FIU ALUMNI CLASS OF 91, GO PANTHERS!
Rob has rt me & tweeted me twice.. My lifes made.
thanks for the shout out!!
I saw "Think Like A Man" and laughed near tears at moments! I wonder if critics like take a Grump Pill B4 seeing movies. LMAO
No we did not. #thinklikeaman instead.
Over the past several days, we have been debating via bc my proposal to call off the physical occupation of
I'm wondering if I should post these student comments in their entirety. Who is it that does that pretty regularly?
Two coveted front row $100 VIP table tickets just became available for Saturday's Gladiators Cage Fighting in Milwaukee. (414) 967-7767.
m let me guess who said that
We have a new server ready - vpn-mj1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, FL. It's available in your customer area now.
yup but it was him and another dude double teaming and cena was hurt had one arm
March 1983 with the North American title vacant tournament was set up for the Dog's Yard in
Rocks have been thrown
Side note #Indy restaurant tip from Nicole: Machu Picchu on 38th St. Peruvian food in Indy! ;)
I admit, when I saw the red 'painted' TOMS wedge on , I thought it was bacon printed.
There's nothing better than a holiday romance
Something interesting is bound to come out of this...
Shout to for following!!
You are! Tell your friends about us! :)
Get ready for those fireworks! Happy 4th of July!!
Boom! had a booking for Footlocker. Heard you gave him a good workout! Thank you Ellis Casting!
OMG YOU DIDN'T 'POST A BLOG' STOP IT ALREADY.
Damn, get yours girl RT “: "I'm still just as horny as I've ever been." --Betty White, on turning 90. #WorkItGirl”
<3 my burn one day-tan the next skin 8)
I wish it worked more for me, usually I just take an ambien and that does the trick hahaa
Who dat said they gonna beat my motha fuckin' Saints!! We goin' to Miami to put Peyton's lights out boi!! Yezzir
you think if I asked for one AB of $ he'd donate to my tuition fund? Lol
The Community Action Org & their after school programs to join our effort on disparities in access to healthy food in Bflo's "food deserts"
i'm black and i dont have a pair of Osiris's lol so what does that make me?
RT : Dorothy Parker was an uncredited screenwriter for "It's a Wonderful Life."
So weird RT : I can't believe that it's almost been a year since we graduated.
Why didn't he get a chance to talk about education?
Great concert tonight by Eileen Ivers & Immigrant Soul tonight in Batavia, Il as part of the series.
hey but I bet you make the most of it, must not be that boring!!
I'm pretty sure I'm inlove with !
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Texas!
we could always have a new year's lunch!
I never got a tweet from u ..,.,
LeBron James has been named the 2011-2012 NBA's Most Valuable Player. It's his 3rd MVP award in his career.
We're proud to be #Grizz fans, and tomorrow will be an exciting game! Join us for the tip-off party - it starts @ five o' clock-open invite!
Hope the Fakers lose.
at 16th st building ripping apart a pair of pants while waiting for class to start. Lang kids look baffled....
Agreed. "The key to digital storytelling is restraint." --Sabine Dantus, YouMedia Miami
eyem a miami heat fan
Just two bestfrannds all high and junk!
It's called ! I am glad we solved this mystery.
great piece. Well, said,
The DrawSomething word was "lotion." The drawing was a woman and a dog in a hole. Of course I guessed it.
Have mentioned there is a Southeast music competition for high schoolers at my hotel?
medicine has progressed south since then.. Wish insulin was made sooner! :-/
Reading dat..omg
Should I get something to eat after work, or fuck it; Idk
If any of the #Flyers are awake right now, please turn on ch.233 on FIOS and watch the end of Rocky I. Give us something tonight.
that's peak.
I have been tweeting you NONSTOP every friday for the past 1 year:) please make me smile this friday?I have never skipped one!
There might not be anything better than listening to John Williams at work.
But you're a baby, what life have you lived?
Just come on down and the bartender can set you up. One time $20 fee, but then we give you $53 for ever 53 different beers!
maybe one day keep practicing
what time does the game end on sat?
Thank you. I love my authors. They inspire the hard work.
so happy for you Tiff! love ya ♥
Normal Bean-I got your e-mail and YES of course I would be honored to sing with your band on stage-S will be in SPIRIT too :-)
I like my friends STD-free incase you didnt know
twitter absolutely didn't need to know that.
that is funny. It sure does get crazy out there. They love bball and treat u like a super star.
Tonight. The Black Dahlia Murder. dolleeyuhh
No service on Friday, but catch us in Hayes Valley on Saturday.
If you were to see a feature #film about #PrincessDiana what aspect of her story would you be interested in seeing brought to life?
Who has actually read Charles Murray's "Coming Apart"? Anyone? (cc: )
Watching easy A. ❤💋
no one cares about hockey, but, yeah, I think they started out really, really hot.
Just walked in on Mr. Swalls & Stayte taking a team shit & holding a conversation.. Hahahaah
Happy Hour starts in 45 minutes!
literally cried when i read this. i'm so excited i love you all more than i love myself<3
you got a stress fracture?!
MT : #RaiderNation has spoken - The 1976 Raiders have been voted the GREATEST TEAM OF ALL TIME. Thank you
a special hello to
have a great sunday everyone!!!!..feliz domingo a todos!!!!
“…we will either find a taco, or make our own…” ~anonymous
That awkward moment when someone thinks that because you're a Jew you celebrate Passover and you have explain you celebrate Good Friday
Lord keep me today cuz if not I'm just not gone be kept!
Great meet today Eagles! Now heading south to get a little rowdy
Well hello, Chicken Florentine Calzone. I think I love you.
you're irrelevant.
if u were any cuter i would tink u were one of my seven dirl friends
I hate my mother.
Congrats followed :)
Happy Cinco De Mayo! Celebrate with your favorite Mexican dish and Dundee's Spring/Summer Variety Pack. Ole!
awk last minute decision to go to prom, i have 3 days to get a tux, ticket & someone to cover my shift @ work before sat. Challenge Accepted
list w/ us for Free use this code. US270911
oh by the way to add to that
are the bands still on schedule or has that changed??
... Give whatever he wants!
......wait *stops in tracks* wasn't Charlie like a little boy??? Why was he driving??? Lmao
well its a start
Remember how long we begged to show us his abs (:
Great Food, service and style-my Fam and I experienced onight at Tremont Restaurant in the Village,NYC-Keep it up!
procrastination at its best
Enjoying listening to Grover Washington Jr. album Winelight. Classic from 1980.
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Words I never thought I'd say: I LOVE Texas!
The things you say , get me so upset sometimes . I just wanna cry /':
Havn't seen not on heat fan on my timeline lmao
No kidding ": I know you may want to blame Obama for the secret service thing, but really... there's better things to focus on."
Exciting news: Artists and Brands has an AP for the Android! Quick, go download it now!!! An Apple version is on its way!
Well look who Twitter thought I might know :) love you! So proud of you xoxo
Im drinking "vacation in a glass" and it's got me counting down to Austin baby! OH LA LA
Random ? ya'll...do you prefer a male or female bartender? I was told tonight I would never get hired at some places because I'm a dude?
Next week...some of my fave shows return. Castle, House, Fringe, Bones. GO DVR!
Watching The Fighter again...great movie and Mickey is a great guy...perfect representation of him on the big screen!
they must not build FB apps if they are crying about change :D
*snort* there's something wrong with u. I stg! Lmao! ;-)
How do you know when is lying? If his lips are moving AND there's no billionaire in sight, then he's lying.
Check your facebook inbox
My money is on the Mai Tai
Just gonna do a big cartel store for now. Only selling 2 items (with low quantities) at first.
What happened to my shoulder
Agreed, we need one message to hit hard on all fronts.
#FDA refuses to ban BPA yet continues to intimidate farmers selling raw food and patrol farmer's markets undercover for illegal milk.
Not the time for Obama to campaign.. Let this please be about the veterans..
Wonderful time spent w/ my daughter and her soon 2 b in laws, deets of bridal shower was soo much fun! She is going 2 b a beautiful bride.
You two Indiana University people oughta know each other. (Even if one of you is actually DC-based.)
I follow them on twitter. I know they've tweeted scrapple pizza as special... I'll see if I can dig it up 4 ya!
Huey lewis rocks my world and that's the power of love
place is the shit
Producer of Forrest Gump and an Oscar and co-owner of the Giants and a Championship Good on Steve Tisch
but you're not stupid, trust me ;)
How to get librarians involved in DH projects throughout its life instead of just during the grant writing stage.
Haha...High-octane twittersphere ranting is where I feel at home. I'll be back!
Thanks for sharing! Correlates with my subjective experience of analysis and intuition in creative work - does Kahneman address that?
Clouds on the increase with cooler temps tomorrow. High 69. #VCUNATION is heating up tonight though. Let's go
You're a nerd, but you're my nerd, so I love you.
Terrific. Have a great time. Be careful in your travels.
Great #quote about #risk I just read - "Never forget about the 6' tall man who drowned crossing the stream that was 5' deep, on average."
#Maturity MT Crosby on hitting Voracek's glove as he went to pick it up: What did u want me to do, pick it up & hand it to him?
Mariah Carey on repeat
Ohnoes. How will this news affect the Iowa caucuses?
shunned by the liberal NYC media elite?
you bet & thank you Texas hunger fighter!
IDOL KARAOKE Competition tonight at OUR HOUSE EAST - 52 Gainsborough St.
same! Did u drop ur stuff of yet?
Going to get my nails done with the girls!
Her face is like the best.
Its That Nut.
What to do today..what to do
wouldn't be complete without some island <3
PLUS I'm already packed. WHAT?!?! Who AM I?
Chef Geoff's would be good. Pizzas + nicer entrees for adults.
Just a reminder that the deadline to file and pay your taxes is next Tuesday!
good kid!
I don't think I know ya, but I know fo' sho', that you are beautiful so baby, let me know your name
THIS SATURDAY! Hair guru and author Cozy Friedman will be at Wild Rumpus for a HAIR-DO WORKSHOP! PLUS: Free give-aways!
always pulling for Kyle he's the best, love to met you two someday, go 18
Shot my Curb Your Enthusiasm episode. First day was tough, second day was GREAT!
I'm fired up and ready for our meeting tomorrow. #IUSF. I'll be on the road bright and early!
just pulled a Halo all-nighter. Haven't done that in ages!
#libchat q4 I had an interesting experience with trying to volunteer... "lib students want to do lib stuff;union rules prohibit this "
my new single coming soon "Can You Believe It" video shoot in about 3 weeks
Are you serious??? : What??? How??? Aww RIP #Leslie. Good memories with shim. RT : Leslie passed away. Only ...
Holy Guacamole! You know in keeping with you being a vegetarian and all.
Nigga can stay anywhere but with me!
Good morning! You cannot become what you need to be by remaining what you are. If you want something different in life - go get it!
“: If tomato is a fruit... Ketchup is smoothie.”:D
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, learning from failure.
“: Popping corn. The corn that pops.” biggest faggot award
are you at the game?
I'd fire myself if I could. Elway is way more positive but I'm thinking we need to get a whole new staff if the Broncos want to win.
Did I just hear an commercial on the radio? Legit
How can we help you with your transfer student?
I love #poetry, and a glass of #scotch, and, of course, my friend here.
so nobody want to be in my story ?
Omg this is funny some lady was like who's lipstick is this and I pointed to my friend Brendan and said it's his and he said Iware Chapstick
Sleep over at my house. So far it's just me, and my whiny, cry baby ass split personality.
RT : #LastTimeIChecked yo bitch was with me last night HA! <--- str88 like that
ha. When I crack open a lone star tonight, I will dedicate it to you. :)
I was there Feb 1967 untilNov 1968. We will never forget, even though a nation forgot us! SemperFi jarhead!
Let's shake it for 2 hours! 2-Hour Zumba Party Saturday, May 7th from 2 to 4 pm. Anyone can join & it's FREE more info
u rock
thanks, Belleruth for your support and help in my campaign for cuyahoga county prosecuting attorney.
You have to question the intelligence of the American voter who swept the radical republicans into Congress.
a pedicure lololol
: think about what happens if, in your writing, everything just "happens" & everyone is a "happened to" victim.
I need to go buy some stamps & print these pictures out so I can mail my letter!
Im at ya neck like a bowtie..
New holiday, #FREEShipping day? What do ya know! Lux has #FREEShipping everyday! Downloadable gifts! www.wearelux.com
#sadbuttrue Most of us will tolerate #abuse bc we have convinced ourselves that #Love is #Drama. #Love does NOT destroy ur
I know right?
Shout out to singer Jason Hemmens! Ya'll should follow him: Live at Whisky a Go Go 3/18/11
Awkwardly watching people bowl seriously... with the gutters up.
Kevin Hart has me dying on this floor .
next time my mom and dad let me come down and visit I'm going to hide everyone of your shoes.
and I are so sad to hear that our favorite spot is closing! Im coming sunday for my last meal!
Creepy show won!!!
We're pleased to announce we have 2 engineers certified on #Mac!
Good morning San Diego and happy May 1st! Looks like #MayGray is already here.
KY Next Generation Learning Accountability Model heading for the finish line!
Hope to see you tomorrow! I'll tweet my location and maybe we can sit together in a conference or two
you? I wanna see! Wait, is that considered kiddy porn?
worlds dumbest competitions. According to brad lokle, a bunch of dumb asses running around in spandex.
congrats! we have to do something soon hun.
So excited to visit the Poetry Foundation today!
For now its back to my Ibanez BTB6...great problem solver,tone for DAYS! it does it ALL with ease!
Thanks again, Neil!
Fresh powder brotha! Can't wait!!
I will not rest until #HappyBirthdayMadison trends
you should go to the entrance of the summit :D I just saw you and someone else in your car and you had your video camera :D
No, just no.
Every Detention Center within the same County opperates Differently. WHY? Different City, Different Judges,Different Fines. WHY? SAME LAW
RT : Are you ready for tomorrow? Who will you be cheering for?
I think this is the first trip I've ever taken where I didn't take a physical book along. Never thought I would spend so much time in iBooks
TGIF! That's all we have to say! .....(except for this) Enjoy your long weekend everybody!
Movers called. They're on the way right now... a day early. This is NOT good news.
Less than one month until THE returns. I'm excited.
Marathon reading today at Ocean Beach! Find us between stairwells 21 and 28 starting at noon!
How could i not tweet someone who said she loved my show Chicagoe was good to Milwaukee talent..
my friend mikes new nick name #PEDOBEAR lol and lindsays is
Great new listing in the Buckman Neighborhood. A rare Complete Fixer. If you are looking for a good home to make your own in every way i…
yaya been taking showers for yrs boo all her life lol
I fixed the cloths washer, taking a break
Go Irish!! Now can I get a Baylor win so there's a championship game I want to see???
"Kick em when they're down" is no way to run an economy
Goal of the Day: We're in the thick of summer. Commit to keeping hydrated!
PURE AMAZING !!!!
NP appreciate ya bro! Thnx for all you do, we should set up a phone interview for the show
Tryna get comfy with a girl.
it happens. sounds like some fun surf though. hopefully we can get out for a session next time you're back in LA
#MyPastRelationships have taught me not to be afraid to let go...because someone better will be waiting if he's not the right one. <3
A sharp vision, supported by definite plans, gives you an amazing sense of confidence and personal power.
we can go back downtown or some where else
when u finally catch up the show will be over same with avatar lol
Beware the Bromigo.
"have you ever attended a meeting while sitting in the beach? YOU WILL."
Apple (AAPL) iPad sales are obviously slowing...AAPL has had its run....party's over.
The impeccable law of karma governs our lives. If you follow it, you will not be in trouble.
Been on running hiatus for 2 weeks - Runners - how long will it take to to get back to where I left off?
Just saw a crazy woman yelling at and hitting her dog!! :-( some people really shouldn't be responsible for another life.
Dr. Freudstein will play the Tuba.
nah they have a good D and Hester Knox Marshall and Jeffery, with Forte and Bush? Holy cow they have weapons.
: RT - Which is better off now than it was in fall of 2008? Al Qaeda or your 401k.
Why are you sleeping in the closet?
AP: US hiring slowed in April to just 115,000 jobs, unemployment rate dropped to 8.1 percent .
Inventor gets 106 patents
Driving back to west palm to break kevin out of jail..why am I still awake??
well, he worked for Scott...
Walk Two Moons is one of my favorite books to teach, for so many reasons.
My black light went out on my phone so I got to use the glare of the light bulb to see my shit
...the poor white person or anyone who was I thought more or less getting a bad shake. (Gordon Parks)
good morning.. Oh well.. Will see!
#PrettyLittleThings is always looking for more followers! Have any recommendations? Send them our way.
GREAT Show at Anthology tonight! I enjoyed your performance & sang all those songs right along with you. We are close in age.
Proud of my girls! #bhsdance!
I am finally recovered after dealing with that crud for over 7 weeks. Antibiotics didn't even help. Feel better soon!
Heading over to SMU, looking forward to talking with young voters about how they can get involved in the political process.
does it count if I was already following ? Btw your tweets are great!
lol I'm gonna hit up Hawaiian BBQ instead
Good night everyone(:
I use 3 waggles
I'm going to be in the car for 2 hours! Can you play Boyfriend by
On my way to the studio, suckuhhs! ( :
I close my eyes, then I drift away, into the magic night I softly say
A5. Facebook, for both. RT What are the best sports apps and which ones are underutilized?
Excellent #Raw Supershow tonight. If you didn't see, make sure you don't miss this show.
with the goal assist by Silva score: 9-1 weather: still cold
you coo
Editing & mastering H.L. Watson's "World of Ryyah" 6-hr audio book. Also mastering an EP for former NFL football player Ben Utecht.
Only my second year here, I still don't get why they pass stuff in mid of night if they're such good bills. don't you want folks to see?
RT : Its No hiding it now its about that ring NOW..
Only 6 Days till Christmas...
kind of admire Felix for not demanding the ball for the 9th. no reason for him to be out there anymore except posterity.
Just learnt the Addition Snake Game today!! Now I really really want my own set to play with!! :) #Montessori materials It's so awesome!!
www.twistaid.com is happening and happening well. ITS TIME TO TWIST PEOPLE
you should try to make it out to the Chicago show! I'll be there! Gotta get my #levilowrey fix!
I gotta warn you, I'm a loud fuck
A flirt is a truly rejuvinating experience.
Was up way to early this morning tired 💤💤
charity (the giving part of KS) in its various forms has existed forever. Kickstarter added relationship and made it hip.
fuck this night!
Was watching and found out there's a "Wet hot American summer" sequel in the works! Yay!
I am embarking on the proposal of a lifetime. Wish me luck!
Yeah, I'm in love with their love. #Beautiful #ILoveThemTogether #Jason&Jordin (:
Out on the road today I saw a Skankin' Pickle sticker on a Subaru.
Hey, i love you ♥
He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High will rest in the shadow of the Almighty. - Psalms 91:1
you are welcome!!
Dude on the lightrail is beastin the guitar solo
Other Nba fans gone start talking nobody messing with lebron .
volleyball: the sport of manly men
Recorded bass and guitar last night. It was a long day and now I'm mixing and the song sounds amazing. Really stoked on this.
thanks so much! We're u at the first set? I didn't arrive until the second ;)
I love big black cock!!
Hahaha, I don't blame you either. At least have fun while you work! :)
I don't get it he already hit 3 Hr's on you and your still going to pitch to him?
I meant to ask you today... Are you rocking an lv backpack? :)
Virgin Mary >>>
Had an amazing day last night absolutely killed it!
Now, you're just somebody that I used to know.
Everything is meaningless.
*That* and dancing with John Travolta while he whispers Scientology lore in my ear were the last two items on my 2011 list.
physically yes haha :p
Yay! And Good(:
late, prolly last of three bands, like i dunno 12? headed there now though. pop in if you feel it, breh
Let's go #nyrangers!!!!!
We have a few beta tester slots open for the up-coming point release. Email us at if you are interested.
I think compared to NFL where it seems half the league has been arrested and NBA where guns are the norm, MLB is pretty docile
Aw Tina you're so good to us!!
Certainly no need to apologize! Open Source is what we do :)
Red Hot Alert: We'll be on Living Social next Monday - the 28th - 5 classes for $25. Get 'em while they're hot!
oh my gosh HELLO!!!:)
Ahh I'm sorry I spelled your twitter wrong earlier. Thank you for being my ride buddy :)
watching The Beautician & The Beast. Brings back memories with the sis
God is good :)) so good.
LOVED the movie limitless! bradley cooper might be my new celeb crush!
What's a good movie to see in the theater??
RT Former teammate/ Friend Ken Clausen gives #Huguely a hard look when he walks in.
Having a great morn! Ready to seize the day!
"Back when I was nothing, you made a brother feel like he was something, & that's y I'm with you to this day boo no frontin." ;)
End the school year good... With a referral.
"we had to score for you"
Lol “ Please stop lying its not cute, fareal serious RT Lies Ya bed time! RT SVU TIME!!!””
2 hours until my last CRTC event as President...
Big sis is getting married today :) so excited for her !
haha im going to kill myself anyone got a 2 oot rope im tryna hang myself precisely 1foot above the ground just in case i change my mind X_x
That's how we roll in the burbs : Wow! RT : Headed out with for his first 30 mile ride. Wish him luck!”
that work out had me panting!!
yesterday is today. today is tomorrow, tomorrow is yesterday
We would love to work with you, please contact me to discuss; Thank!!!
well, that i don't doubt at all ;)
SFMOMA's party last night was pretty fun... I especially liked the part where LeLe kept making the crowd chant 'All-American Dildo Show.'
shut up blake
Stay Cool Indiana. I am indoors building another cool website, Central Air on full blast!
but srsly tho. i need a cigarette. life sucks.
Want to know what my #1 tip for pleasing women is? Get the stamina to last a long time!
yes :D just one!
BEEP BEEP. WHO GOT THE KEYS TO MY JEEP. Someone drive me to tonight for IRIE SUNDAYS! Reggae- Dancehall... with
?why? It's actually a lot better then you might think.
In the Murray Hill neighborhood? Cheer on the Rangers tomorrow night !
GO FOLLOW
Are they awesome? Are they fan-friggin-tastic?
Def up for it Lets make some noise!!! :)
I'm thinking that it's checking in after 2 am and again before 10 am, but ill do the bacon egg and cheese/orange Gatorade combo if i have to
Philadelphia is playing like an 8 seed who smells an upset.
John Candy??? on twitter wow- mega!
thanks for the info I gotta bring the Chicago back judi got her Ass beat
Oh, reading it _was_ fun. That's how skewed my world is. :)
ha :P That sounds amazing!
Jews celebrate mothers day right?
It just gets better and better! Until it explodes, I guess.
Yep. His atty was on GMA this morning also. There will be more and Trayvon will be portrayed negatively. It's coming.
Heading to a Bloomsday celebration in Philadelphia. And to think that I didn't even like 'Ulysses.' But I read it.
Lazy Sunday reading. Feeling bad for the boyfriend who has two finals tomorrow, before he flies out to NJ for a month.
I didn't do any, but I will be optimizing soon.
Give that guy a coke, ok?
“: "If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning."”
your 14 followers are proud of you. On Mothers Day no less.
i'm sorry,who are you again?
this may be extremely late but oh haha, thanks. Me and my friend don't know what to cal them so we said slippers :3
Today: 2 schools touring museum, 2 schools meeting survivors. great opportunity for students to learn directly from eyewitnesses.
. Oh the joy of being and admin pro!
The jungle at radio row is epic. The best interviews with the best stars! Bring it on Romanowski!
BUY N4H.DE BUY N4H.F NEXT ALTERNATIVE ON THE FRANKFURT AND XERTA EXCHANGES
please follow me!! Your so awesome and gorgeous!!
I remember this guy! Great product but a bit confusing with his vision.
Oh, good one Rich. I'm adding that to my list!
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 8
#fpn2012 on lack of humility in philanthropy, occupational hazard
T.Harpold - using wikis in teaching value 'wit of the staircase' knowledge: what you think about after class.
RT your all time favorite merchant!
Seeing someone dressed like you at the mall….one of us has got to change.
Oh i will...you'll get to watch me on shtuff ta daa hahahaha
Going BANANAS.
have u got a anything jedward does it cost you alot since you are from the usa i want to thier cd on amazon it shipes from uk
Amy! Beach Boy Rad loves ladies. Any place who does not allow ladies,is no place for Beach Boy Rad.
lol we might go out tomorrow for my cousins bday I'll hit u up
if you can find me!
I bet she was having a bad day. Maybe a white person cut her off in traffic.
it's ok!
Happy birthday to my fave MADE gals! RT : Happy Birthday NOVA Roller Derby!
#WaysToBeginSex Get consent. (really, it's the only way.)
I hate labeling maps
I hope today is a good say!
I'm going to bed. Cody punched me way too hard. Night bitch.
oh I do believe you ✌
Why is it so hot?!
Stream back on. Thanks.
Go Niners! Great start.
Come see Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket' before the stress of papers and exams returns next week. Starts Friday at 7 & 9:30pm.
Thx for your persp. I agree w/ you, tho I chuckled at 15 min on soc networks. I'm finding rel building online takes time (&fun)!
Only one in the whole office. Is there a workaholics anonymous?
Heading to Havana to try their mojitos
#MorePopularThanTheObamaBudget Suppository laxatives
Life is good...after coffee. And when it's Friday.
Hey I heard you were a wild one (;
Am I the only one not watching the fight? -.-
interested in the TIU diet plan. Is there any way to see a one page sample before purchasing to make sure it's what I need?
Very interested to see who Bill and the #Patriots keep for receivers. Probably will have to cut up to six players. Glad for competition!
Where in Westchester? We have some folks here, too! Let's get this going!!!
MICHAEL FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW PLEASE IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME AND HER! <3
work account- would never have an account there, myself.
So happy ! My tween Fashion show is April 14 ! & my mom agreed 2 get me a Hollister Cardigan for my first look ! Omg I'm so siked !
Are you gonna kiss me or not?
were you just at the chick-fil-a in Baytown?! If not, your unknown twin has descended
It was through ActBlue though.
Phonecasting back online. We had some server and firewall issues. Everything should be working fine now.
I think you meant Chris Brown
Adolf Hitler is my inspiration.
Nurses rock, esp in 6W: Caroline, Michelle, Vicky! And Liz in Recovery! & all other staff - amazing place. Lily Marie luvs u!
S/o to for waking me up this morn extra early
Dana Scott and Co. Shooting here at R2K today!
Just ordered my books but they're gonna come from April 27 - May 14 THATS A LONG TIME!!
I'll be right over, baby...have some wine ready. RT So ready for my much needed facial this afternoon...
Im thinking of leaving school... and becoming a potato...
Burger King =D
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names. -Chinese Proverb
Use your Taxes to repair or something new on ur home. 305-232-3344
what does a volcano sound like as a symphony? Come check out booth 13 right now to find out!
Thank you for supporting the LAMB community
4 8 year olds not going to sleep
local news media on rampage - must be November sweeps time, eh?
how do u get it to do tht..?
The Fox affiliate is always great, it's local. My fav was in MN & in DC. No pick in #CLT yet.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Suzy's Green Tomato Relish 3.83 / 5 Stars | 5 Reviews by OneKeeneKat "That patch of green tomatoes can yield a d
I'm ready to move around because the longer i sit the more i think...... :-(
I wonder how many cops salaries could be paid with the money wasted on the grand prix?
Ohio turnpike
Acquity Group has offices in LA, San Fran and Irvine, and strongly encourages relocation
Enjoyed and agreed with guest column by in recent issue of The Hockey News. Game can be safer without being watered down
yes it was. Thought I was the only one who caught that lol good catch
you know it!
Very cool! We LOVE it. Thank you! cc
Holtgraver walked away with the sprint feature! I don't think I fared very well in #fantasydirt tonight lol
Nope, unfortunately there has been no inclusion of WOC. That aspect of the show remains awful.
#np Corinne Bailey Rae - Call me when you get this
The future isnt even here yet dude, thank you for supprting the cause
Congrats! RT ormer F signs 2 year-2 way NHL contract with Anaheim Ducks.
Congrats to Francie Pepper for #ywca2012 women of distinction philanthropy award.
A person who keeps breaking up with you because of something so small is obviously not worth your time. Your obviously a joke to that person
that's funny! Why?
Happy Hump Day! is at the Castle this morning training our awesome associates. Start your hump day w/ an O face!
lovely and relaxing - as it should be. how about yours?
check my fb page. I got to go to the post game press conference today!!!
at Aspen Ideas Fest-biked Rio Grande traIl to Woody Creek -warm sun cool breezes white water snocapped peakshillsides of buttercups. Sweet!
I want to keep studying but my brain can only remember so much about sex organs so I'll just sleep lol
I would glady give someone my bad kidney for a biggie sized black coffee please
