u guys amazingly rock!!! And this week really rocked!
I love rain
lol im tryna get back in the hang of things lol
My first and last baby sunburn of the springtime has appeared in the shape of a razorback tank. 90 min of #patiotime in the Texas sunshine.
Dinner before #ypweek Gala with at Calderone (miss u )
they've apparently gotten some really useful help in identifying implements found at the site from enthusiasts around the world. [+]
they may also use the Gaelic sláinte..perhaps tonight we'll make it a double :)
Im glad i gave the name of first puppy Brutus!!
Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount. – Clare Booth Luce
mayweather says he's #1 all the time. No loss record. True. However if u want to keep that record quit or fight the best.
Love & Theft "Angel Eyes" #NowPlaying on
I know you can rock it!! Let me know how it goes.
you are almost a wifey!!! Yay!!!
you pick your top 3, and you could win a trip for the finale! I'd die! :)
That is great. All wedding portraits should have robots!
wah i wish i was home with you, especially tonight
Transparent but so hard to break through.
: we can find new and unique ways to advance online campaigns & take them to the next level.
Fingers crossed!
Shepard is the greatest galactic badass ever... he makes luke skywalker look like Adam lambert.....
who woulda thunk we'd end up in largo...at a checkers..
I have stomach problems :((
All the same! "I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming." - Bach
Don't be hating! I'm not just a pretty face! :)
"Okay, it's Toon Town, not Toonton. You've been watching too much PBS." ~ Mitchell...Modern Family @ Disneyland = favorite thing ever on TV.
my favorite is short and sweet, the youtube video bell hooks "on rap music"
“: I will push down the garbage for days before I'll take it outside. #BecauseImAGuy”
Glad to be home. I missed by little girl and big guy.
Thx for sharing!
i kno that was still messesd up wat he said
smh im super young!!!
Unknown~ Antonym n. The opposite of the word youre trying to think of.
Thoughts before falling asleep: "I wonder how many ppl w/ You Only Live Once tattoos are pissed cuz now it means you're down for anal?"
"Aiemwitu" by Musiq Soulchild is still the most beautiful love song ever. It brings me to tears everytime. Happy tears. #memories:)
yeah I just need to get on my PC and go thru and weed out a bunch one day real quick. Just a matter of finding time.
Sabotage at
Valentine's Day gift ideas please. Feeling stressed about what to get my man.
Excited to be working with Dell for the upcoming #DellWorld Virtual Summit (Powered by #Social27).
Pretty sure I am the lamest social media user ever. Last tweet was 75 days ago. My, how things have changed. New job gone, back 2 basics.
I'm waiting for one that I think will turn out to be a 150 day one. Rejection farming is fun.
you should go with me!!
Also #FF to those who RT this week and thanks for mentions
yeah I fucking can't stand jack and all his bullshit and his ass lickers
Our Next SEO Seminar session is Feb 25th 10am-4pm at BlankSpaces, in Santa Monica CA . Save $50 by using discount code "Chad".
Hunt: how we left Bosnia was a mess. It's still politically frozen. Still have to identify by ethnic group.
Now you're just someone I used to know.
Will someone come and carry me home tonight?
I love this spring time weather but my allergies are kicking my ass lol :-/
If you're single, stop waving it around like a damn flag. Its annoying as hell
so neat. | the 1st 5K I ever did I felt like I was floating on air (I do, still) ;)
he could straddle a goat and ride off in to the sunset.
im now sucked in watched the 1st and 2nd movie yesterday. Can't wait to watch the wedding!
Fml i have 2 go 2 stupid skool and my sister freakin gets to go to santa cruz i hate when this happens my parents always put my sis over me
Sadly no. Been wanting to hit MuseumNext for yrs. Perhaps 2013. Mnwhl, I'll hashtag fr afar :) Let us know when you plan 2 visit!
Tweet me if you have a tumblr!
We each travel different paths but that does not mean we cannot walk together.
hope aldy is doing better!
": I'm a huge Colts fan but i'd say their done for. #SuckForLuck..." I'd say you're not alone.
What a great morning, we may not be where we want to be, but we are far from where we were.
please tell me you have seen tweets
your tweets are making me sad!
"DON'T YOU FUCKING LOOK AT ME!!!!!"
HA can you make me copies so I can sell at cons!!!!!
#houstonevents Joe Jonas with Jay Sean: House of Blues - Houston 1204 Caroline Street, Houston, Texas 77002 United States
If you are interested in taking over the Lyons Hotspots just email us at (You get the started blogspot, fanpage, twitter page)
why all that man :/
Starting to work on annual dinner honoring Eugene M. Grant in November. Back in building after being evacuated yesterday. All is well.
Ok, my head is back on track, just needed a good boost of Xtamina Energy Drink!
First, I laughed. Then I realized Lizz was jusy fuckin' with #uppers. At least, I hope she is.
FOLLOW BACK BRUH.. PUT ME IN YO CIRCLE :)
Yea so how u been
Might go home after lunch . . . #Debating ..
Let's Go
Took my first football type hit since the last time I played football, and it felt great! I do see why you a mouth guard and helmet though.
Remember tonight you can get shots of Jack and Absolut at Kilroy's Sports for only $4!
RT : SO great seeing everyone!
Seriously. But I hate all of those dumbass girls that obsess over cats.
Congrats! And welcome!!
goodnight Annie. Sleep with Angels.
Oops. Turns out the J league is a professional soccer league. They granted our entry because they were too polite to point that out.
The one thing in this world i hate more than my neighbors... My neighbors grandkids.
#thatawkwardmoment when you've talked to someone for so long, they get a gf/bf and they ignore you. Why ignore me if I'm just a friend.....?
2012 Annual Grant Panels to day at the Indiana Landmarks Center. Be sure to follow us at
Glad to be sharing my birthday with have a great day friend!!!
wea u work
Of course, now I am hoping Bangkok is not Atlantis before we arrive. Must. Get. Galoshes.
It's quitting time! Come down to Sabbatic and get 2-4-1 EVERYTHING from 5 to 9! Check out MKE's Best Happy Hour, and have a little fun.
Im tryna get high
Anything new after we spoke last week about your upcoming seminars??
/me crosses appendages for your inquiry to be successful
2 out of 3 fouls on Ray were bogus. Taking him out of the game. Go #Celtics!
There's no one awake to talk to....
lots o' shit. Why aren't you ever on IM anymore?
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. Think positive, be positive, and do positive t
There's no rain in the basement of Sweet Melissa's. Slip free mosh.
same here!
Guys, it's ok that I can't read bus maps cause I can just take a cab!
Being hot then suddenly being extremely cold <<<< #sickprobz 😷😱🔫
There's a twitter account for that: RT : Bryce Harper at bat
Oh Yeah! I'm a bitch lol
So you are my new favorite youtuber(: Your really funny(: <3
it's swagger south by my house but the original swagger is at 85th and wornall like I've told before!
Arabic Proverb~ To the pure all things are pure.
Two days until Next Big Nashville!
Just left a frou-frou DC happy hour to go to a 5 Guys Burger & fries. Best decision I made today.
the beard philosopher has spoken...
I woke up in a car, and traced away the fog so i could see the mississippi on her knee
Jodeci - Love yu for life.! My song
Any of my fellow bloggers going to c2e2?
I feel pretty good about this decision now! Thanks, friends.
Eh, I'll survive, I'm sure.
I like Charlize Therons character but idk just seems very blah-zay
I have to say I don't really like songs from a band group but this group is pretty good they have some real good songs
let's do it !! Thatd be sick!
Come on! That is ridiculous. We don't live at the North Pole...
Seriously ... I have to go to work tomorrow? I mean, come on!
Hope you have a good day, I know I am 
Most courses give a common final exam - same across the building, some even across the District. 4 courses give state EOC exam.
Wanna be a tattoo model ??? Contact me on my Face Book or on my Twitter.
Hm gotta love a KFC meal touchdown #Bears RT : Q5 #FoodieChat Who makes the best Fried Chicken?
Which have you found more valuable: answering on LI or Quora. Agree that offline is highly valuable.
Sorry for the message tweet but my account for hack
i love you ❤
Dammit, I missed that. Yours was much more concise than mine, too.
I think I got to work today fuck
QuestLove on Jimmy Fallon... I know old news, but first time actually watching. Still think it's crazy.. Love it.
P90X Day 2 Done. Sore. Muscles tired. Goal: In remaining 88 days, get into good enough shape to do P90X again, but all out from the start.
Congratulations Seniors! We'll miss you guys.
good job last night! it was amazing :)
loving this new romance! You two are so cute! Great episode!
Good Company! Thank you for sharing & the RTs!
": Absolutely Bro... It's Bout To Go Down This Summer.. Ready? Haha" yeazzir time 2 get more tatts. Lol
this shit better be blu-ray
ima listen to it
Bronx Zoo is the Beast ^_^
I don't have to justify myself to anyone. Perk of living alone. :-) (Though I also can't blame anyone else...)
..and so it begins... < congrats!
Ask u gotta be a (Gritt Monsta) that's "Gucci"
Goodnight everyone sweetdreamz follow also please & thank you!!
Cool. I was by Caesars Friday night. Just walking down the strip.
for VERY inspiring health info follow and look how gorgeous her skin is!!
I apologize! It was a must. But now we shall never speak of the horrid moment.
swagg I do!
what party? :) btw steve.. We must have a drink while ure here.
Wait I am #dreaming again ? Lol
Did we mention that there's no credit check for our discount card? We're just sayin'! www.diversityplatinum.com
i heart you too only i would do that
Oh that WOULD be awesome! But no...it isn't that. Soon come. Soon come! Not until the summertime. Lol
Then again, I did see Eric in concert..
Columbus Mayor Coleman is clearly fired up and
dont make cool music,MAKE INCREDIBLE ISH! im goin crazy behind thismuzikproduction n mixin ish,i'll b n a strait jacket when we reach da top
Congrats on the win! 1 more "W" to Indy!
GUYS.!!!!!!!!!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
hey Cory
probly going be my last day at bullard :/ hopely next week can be my last week!! going to miss my bullard high familyy!)):
hm where should we introduce our product first???
Who hates social media, but has to use it?
Anyone who uses Microsoft SkyDrive can get a free 25GB upgrade by logging in and following the prompt.
Smores is totally an acceptable breakfast substitute ;)
I am not my career, or my accomplishments or my possessions. I am a divine creation. I no longer let the outer world define my inner self.
I'm seeing it fine here.
lets go time to roll
I feel the same about Drew. Get Dwight in here, add DWill or Nash, and ship these boys outta here.
Deion, how will the Cowboys look next season? How have you been? It's been a while.
I'm actually allowed to be on #Facebook during work, I get to create our Facebook page!
LOL!!! RT : Guess I'll grab a Falcons sweatshirt from the airport in Atlanta....... Nah, I rather freeze.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good
quit being a whorebag at work and hangout
What a great time we had last night at Shanghai Jazz. Thank you for coming out.
I heard it on radio TODAY: "That which you do not know, you cannot use"
Y is Erry niggaz rapping story the same?
Sorry to have to reschedule today, can you do tomorrow or Friday?
Thanks, Patrick! You're the only thing I miss about the GMU shuttle! :)
This can't be real.
hey I like what you are all about =)
No school Monday ! Pretty nice
your diet sounds awesome, maybe incorporate more cardio like biking or running, and also try HIIT workouts!
love this place!! It changed my life when I took the amazing creative insight journey by !! :)
you and your medium will be dead I hope to help cause it.lol and no lol.
I'm taking a new leaf; I hope the rangers win tonight so my friends are happy.. I bet you assholes believed me for a second there
Sounds like a panel put together by the Republicans in the US House of Representatives. Both sad & ignorant!
So much for him being the #Cavs victory cigar
I probably did worse shit than Romney in high school.
Libs dismantle capitalism brick by brick, then blame it for consequences, or say they haven't gone far enough e.g. War on Poverty, education
Thanks Zoe :)
We will air Part 2 of the Donlin Creek Gold Mine story at 10
I will go point-by-point de-legitimizing your points on Saturday. Can't wait.
don't Sass me!
TONIGHT inside #barcentral...$3 whatever u want at the bar and any 2 bottles of ciroc, sky or goose for $75!!! Hit me up for bottle service!
Listening to Bored Games, wild nothing. And it's honestly depressing the crap outta me. SKIP.
Aww thanks! We'll checkout the comedy!
Only women that have been the love interests for the superheroes.
No problem, I am sure we'll hang out for more than 5 minutes one of these days. Not your fault!
Kinda hot in these rhinos....
Looks good to me. Putting together a GN order next week.
Whose goal was to over throw Ferdinand Marcos and his dictatorial regime and bring back democracy in the Philippines.
Thank you for #FF!
#Raising money for our is just what is doing to help our #Chief stay in charge.
Oh my banana bread looks and smells amazing:)
Went to Bobcats last night.Lost the game by 20 but won the fan count by 30.Good crowd.Hang w/ your cats/hornets. 3 players away
Tune in tomorrow, Saturday the 5th ONLY, for a special discount on U ST Jam tables!
But I'm excited about the potential for 40s and sunny. That's easy to pack for.
haha! Ok, will do. Can we reuse the phrase, too? :)
I am enjoying my days off from work i got football pactice torrow......
Watching #GreenyTheDance right now. Good luck Greenyespn!
I consider myself a megan(pronounced me-gan). I like potatoes, though. And corn. Peas, too.
And an american boy (estelle ft ) cover. Again, killing it.
I be that pretty mothafucka
#InMiddleSchool I dated the biggest sleaze that had ever walked thru RMS... I loved every minute of it.
thanks lady! appreciate it :)
Hi new friends. Thank you for your follows:
On my music flow, kooling to the max.....
listening to it right now love it :)
why dont you.
it is a show that's completely unpredictable, complex, & entertaining.
If one does not drive the 2005 #Chevy #Equinox in a 24 hour time frame, the battery drains.
do u want to? Lol :) I know u want madison! <3
In the streets
I think two & a hafe men should just close the casket & just get canceld
Love me some CN Blue remixing!!
TOO MANY TBH STATUSES ON FB.
S/O goes to my new follower & tweep Thanks for the follow. Appreciate It
“: I turned down the volcano lava cake. My mom doesn't understand skinny bitch season” Buahaha not the lava cake!!
Its alright if you smoke weed but why brag about it?
Interested to hear more!
To all of my ex gf's or females related to me in that nature, in a few years you will recognize me as "the 1 u let get away!"
that boy is ridiculous lol
I fucking hate being ignored.
Just concentrate on the edits - TwitterWorld will still be here when you're done ;) - & good luck, btw!
schweet! So excited!!!
not sure.. i gotta get off the computer too .
So frustrated w/ USAir. Flight to Phili - canceled. Flight to Charlotte - canceled. Flight to Syracuse - canceled. Reason: Maintenance.
I love the ones where the belly is exposed, just to make sure we *know* that girl is pregnant, not fat.
then they hang up and call back and ask why they are on hold that long
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected. - Charles Lamb
it is what it is <3
and you apparently know what there talking about when they say it and if you hate the singer or person so much theres is a unfollow button
Already too hot? RT : Complained. RT It's a record breaking 82 degrees. What did you do to celebrate the heat?
Thank you for your great contributions in womens basketball both over at Stanford and with the Minnesota Lynx.
my bad i had class but yeah i was in the study hall were are u now
sounds like an awsome.time if I a had cable or that Chanel :-(
Sometimes it's okay to play defense and NOT PINCH PAUL MARTIN.
its on CBS which is 12
I don't know you, but ignore all the idiots. It was fucked up what that girl did. Stay strong, it'll get better!
Never fails, happens every time....glass or two of wine at night = random, weird dreams. Can't even remember them, but I know it was random.
For those who haven't already, please follow me on my new twitter Will stop using this twitter in a few days
s/o depaull bball squad had it going crazy too
One of DM team's top three objectives are to get uptake by non-medievalists. Nothing particularly medieval about this tool.
Who are you? >_>
Looking through my book collection I found #OneFlewOverTheCuckoo'sNest. Time to dust it off & remind myself why I love it so much.
A pair of Tickets up for grabs! RT this post with #DealSaverSac for an entry into today's 4pm drawing!
story of my life
Oh no, bad for everybody! So sorry! Do you all have an actual diagnosis?
Wow he is missed! RT : The function of the artist is to make people like life better than they have before.
Awake since 5:30 this morning. All caught up on Draw Something. So I have that going for me today.
What does O stand for?
For students living in South Phoenix, South Mountain Community College will offer a great education with a short commute
RT : Cheer! RT : On the way to DrupalCamp Manila
Finally on the road to Nashville!
BUY ME FOOD PLEASE IM STARVING!! jimmy johns will do, you know what i like and my address
not LA but most likely the Riverside,OC area.tHIS IS GOING TO BE TOUGH.
Will do. Building my Xmen-like school of the Artistically Gifted...
Serious about the math part, though. Math wasn't offered beyond what you need to plant corn/raise hogs.
gee thanks a lot angel if u were not my neice i might be hurt by that!!!
hard to believe i've been back in the Chi for 3 months, today.
I need speaking engagements to educate execs re: awareness & compliance to reach a market worth $8T that includes 3B on earth! :)
where is that exactly?
Adimu just gave me hug, I'm waiting for to come to Ozio's :-)
what u mean r u hacked I'm concussed
Lmao at all you sorry ass knick fans. Pack yo bags and get the fuck outta Miami
Now playing w/ Brass Heaven "Umi Says"
they having anything in Chicago?
Starting off Thanksgiving with an early morning run--my favorite.
Hope your day turned out good for you! :-)
im ready to see the great gatsby !!
My friends brother: "I don't like 1D. Screw them" My friend: "yeah I'm working on that" #truestory haha oh my goodness.
I love when say " #BOOM_BOOM_POW ON #RGR W/
and are about to blow it up big at the El Rey tonight here in LA. Stoked doesn't even begin to describe it!
No comment......lmao
I don't even know who you are anymore.
Has there been a sitcom about baristas yet? Maybe it paralleled the rise of Starbucks. Or maybe now is the right time w/ "Intelli" craze.
YOU don't want to miss out on this awesome chance to win a prize !
oh i love you
you live next to a golf course too? I'm off the 17th hole.
We are already preparing ourselves & our booth for the Michigan MEA coming up next week. Hope to see everyone there!
Not feelin this Thursday and I even woke up early and did #p90x!
Wow Rosie is really dykish
lol same. And my dad is bothering the heck out of me. Reply to my vid lmbo.
But not as much as me RT RT : Ex-Patriot is a hero RT : Report: Cassel saves woman from burning home
still at the naca fair. waiting for counselor session.
I don't mind rolling the dice with Gerhart this week over Pettigrew, should get more touches
Looking forward to the James Weldon Johnson Medal Awards ceremony tonight at the Carter Center.
Ha. RT : It makes me nervous when my horoscope says "something wonderful and unexpected will arrive today."
i guess im just not important enough
I have always regarded myself as the pillar of my life.
So, put in 11 1/2 hours of work today and for what? No results, you gotta love the mind aspect of the Air Force... 131 days to go!!!
Keep thinking that! #RigSoHard RT : "Our guys are fouling too much" - Coach Vogel
Yea and ban teaching evolution too! “: Why not throw a constitutional ban on abortion into the debt ceiling hostage mix?”
Hey #SDSU did you know you can get an ice cold #mix1 at any Aztec Market?
damn i gotta check twitter more often. Thanks!!
I want to live like All Time Low ❤
I thought he was a robot.
Be cool, stay strong.
my glases are broke great i cant see anything
3 garbage bags later, got cleaning done, but still can't find what I'm looking for
Storm respond with a long touchdown from Wasil to Amarri Jackson. Storm miss the extra point, still lead 41-17.
Jan 31,2012: Milwaukee Panthers Men's Basketball vs. Youngstown State Penguins Mens Basketball: 7:00pm: US Cellular Arena.
#mixed_message chocolate is good for you sugar is toxic
Grant Oliver September Promotions are just around the corner! Keep an eye out for the Go Fast Pass and check out gofastpass.com
Ladies text me or message me if you want to hangout or go see a movie.... 304-612-2469
I need massage
Gateway powers its way to first-round victory...WPIAL High School Baksetball
I am going to quote your advice on ditching low value work in an article on New Lawyer New Year's resolutions. Happy Holidays!
i meant to tag you in my last tweet guurlfraan but i spelled it wrong:(
dang almost a senior
So glad your new job turned out to be next door! More dates to come!
I have more alcohol than food in my fridge.
snow, hail, rain, and 75 degree sunshine today. Its only 2:15 pm. Might as well just call it a day and go home
#FavoriteClothingBrand Hugo Boss, Calvin Klein, Kenneth Cole Puma, Nike
songs, beats, hooks from Konvict/Cash Money artists, songwriters with major credits and of course the Multi-Platinum Producer!
Second Screening of Hands of God Sold Out.
I lovelovelove warm weather 😍☀
Ready for my show tomorrow @ branded saloon in brooklyn tomorrow. Hope y'all ready too.
hey. You're beautiful
RT : Very good food ! I look forward to coming back and trying the rest of the Oktoberfest menu!
Ellis County To Explore Replacing Jail
how are you??<3333333
In any event, if people smiled, good for them.
Thanks for the follow! Have you been to Long Island?
Bud Light Platinum is the new
Your my hero Russ!
do they say the name a lot? Soooooomoooo. I'm digging it.
Why is it that we have Hanukkah on our calendars, but no Kwanza or Eid??
Yes I am. Looking forward to it!
Tried restarting with the trackpad button held down? Opened Terminal and typed 'drutil eject'?
happy birthday love u for ever little bro
late night calls <3 >
you aren't following enough things then. You will find all of the news and gossip you could ever want on here.
hey. I may need your services. Give me a shout when you can so we can discuss
So...Gonna fight for pink slips? (sorry had to ask with you just getting that slick Bentley!)
and actually it was used in the 20s against Cy Williams originally..but I share your frustration
Can someone explain 4 straight hours of presenting without a break... is it purposeful that we don't speak to each other?
I'll keep my 99 Civic for several more years. Safe, efficient, reliable, yes; chick magnet, no. And that's fine by me.
#idol - Phillip made a risky choice that could pay off. Smooth, cool vibe. Very interesting.
Maggie's Vegan Bakery (next to Orale Kitchen) is open during Brite Winter fest. OMG..this is so amazing! Bands playin outside, fires blazin.
Well it certainly wasn't Al Sharpton who started "lynch mobs!" So what's the "right's" problem! Lynch O.J. but not Zimmerman?
not for nothin' but it is what it is.
Actually left the Dave, Shelly & Chainsaw studio with my dignity intact (mostly) this morning. Thanks Emily!
Looking at the starting 11 for both sides, Man City is far superior on paper... Gonna take a lot for Man U to get a point and retain title
Just saw someone wearing 2 collared shirts, the outer most collar being popped. Looked pretty stupid, but it was a good effort
For obvious reasons I want True Grit to win!
What are you guys doing today to honor Martin Luther King Jr Day?
Marry me, Bilge.
that was my explanation for not visiting you.
omg I know hurt it's beyond uncomfortable I hate it there just plain Evil
The more things you love, the more you are interested in, the more you enjoy
Tonight’s the night! Come see celebrated artist Joel Shapiro’s New Installation at Rice Gallery, opening tonight at 5. Shapiro speaks at 6.
Its clearly reached the point where your using the death/murder of Trayvon Martin to benefit your own agenda and career.
I hate that groggy feeling of waking up and going back to sleep.
I'm listening
so which ones do you buy? What sound level?
Thank God. Been praying for you. Glad a huge weight has been lifted. Hang in there.
We would also like to add anything covered in chocolate :) RT : M, sounds good!
Talking about my forever :) I choose you I can't shake you your in my future as far as I can see. It's true love. I miss you.
And tha Captain's Yacht has re-docked.
My COBRA is $400/month. Should I just be looking for my own health insurance?
What?!?!?! Turtlenecks are making a comeback with the ladies? Fantastic!
"ask not what your paper company can do for you, but what you can do for your paper company"
RT : Teri Carnicelli says to get on email lists and network to get your first job.
I wanna make you feel wanted
I said the same thing when Davis caught that ball. It was a flashback. TO is just a folklore in the NFL and Niners move on.
Pet allergies could be due to food allergies.
i kno yall c these tweets...... im not goin 2 sleep til i get responses
My brain won't let me sleep....
good day 😃
Thx for the follow Jonathan!
fuck!!! We're blowing it!
Need a great deal on some used #Electronics or #Instruments? Come into STUFF!
tht wuz aele fun day!!! i still have the whole outfit!!
when you start a full blown cupcake fight at a confirmation party bahaha
This is stupid. I'm done. Goodnight.
No i wont lol
It's a #Marlins sweep!! I know was watching!
Best night ever :)
Beat the summer heat and work out in the AC! Treadmills, ellipticals and even the new Startrac E-spinner!
#funfact On May 24th, 1998, the greatest ever number of tap dancers gathered for a single routine at the Stuttgart City Square in Germany
many YT video commenters are lucky i am old and choose not to respond to many of the funky comments i get...woosah!!
#Patriots fans, who do you think will come into Foxborough next week? The #Texans or #Ravens?
Mane im tryna get out this crib but i cant stay off the toilet...its gone be a long day!!!
Every time I hear the name Goldman Sachs I cringe.
I ate chocolate ice cream for breakfast. ^-^
Biggest game of the season and I can't make it... This sucks... But
do u remember the place C?
Terriorists are not stupid, when they see that airports have all this security they will blow up something else, like a mall....
Watching the game and drinking beer, wine, etc.????
Happy 420 !!! What y'all gonna smoke today ?
I'm still working on Spring 2011 Cleaning.
Yes! Go Chiefs! RT : Ladies, are you looking forward to the upcoming NFL Season?
WAKE UP Houston, it's NOT ok for cops to repeatedly punch & kick someone. Something WRONG w juries here! Cop beating #ChadHolley goes free!
We have a new server ready - vpn-gh3 OpenVPN server in Munich, Germany. It's available in your customer area now.
Wahl® in Search of Best Facial Hair in the Country
TAMALES!!! Yum! One of my fundraiser...hey I HAVE to sample them to make sure they are right ;)
Oh, and I whip my stache back and forth ;p
Fact: over 500,000 high school seniors graduate every year...only 2% of them will play division 1,2 or 3.
you meant so hott right now
Me & my homeboys had this conversation yesterday while we were in party city; 🎉🎈
So does my mom! Haha
tomorrow is a new day for both of us ! Let's do it big :)
are u here at techraking? Would be good to connect
Guy Kawasaki is wonderful! Thanks to Keith Ferrazzi for reminding how Guy's Evangelist was so vital for the Mac community.
Great to say Hello to you on Saturday on the hike near the Hollywood sign. :)
RT : Everyone follow ! Their quotes are amazing!
Superbowl ads a solid C- so far
Vote for on Teenchoiceawards.com!!!!
Wish u were here! MRT : Tracking #CareerTL2012 for word of wisdom from the Career Thought Leaders conference in Baltimore
Love Peruvian Food!!
#ThankYouBTR for everything. Whether you know it or not, you help all of us in so many ways. You've come so far and we're so proud. We <3 u!
Shocked by how scared #Nuggets look out there. Ty Lawson took a huge step backwards today
BizTip: Make yourself available to your customers, try to answer feedback promptly and whenever possible with a personal touch
Watch Yer Mouth Open Mic TONIGHT! All Ages FREE. At Golfernoggins (San Mateo and Lomas) Sign ups at 8pm show starts at 8:30!
OMG seriously! I don't know how I am going make it. I also have a programming midterm! Can you hear the panic thru my tweet?
Just saw the flaming lips in bricktown
ha ha. You don't have to stop posting about it!
Excited to hear Lee Aase's presentation this morning about the evolution of SM in health care.
Jeff Green had an aortic aneurysm and is out for the season.
Hey Sweeties long time ayee(: ~ Maricarmen
Sounds great! Please do let me know.
ugh, my brother is such a bastard.. i want to fucking beat the shit out of him.
I. Fucking. Love. You.
Dude, I thought you were going to be at the e-records workshop yesterday & today. Not a single person yelled something awesome.
Does watching basketball while singing showtunes put me smack dab in the middle of the whole Kinsey thing?
thank u husband lol
I do hope they get a team though. You gotta watch awesome documentary!
Was interviewed by a 5-year-old today about what it was like to have a train go by the back of my house growing up. Was very cool.
Y am i steady gettn this sick
No problem. I'm using your 'Clouds of doom' as my desktop pic. Great photo. :)
John legend kill this best you ever had record!!!
I look like a rainbow.
I agree
... Ashee left me! D': I told her if she left meh, she gets no more Ian!
Fuck u pay me.
Boys will be boys.
-smiles and laughs- Haha, yep :)
aye call me tho
Three shows this week! 2nite @ Red Carpet, 4/21 @ One Eyed Jacks, 4/22 @ Harrigans South!! Hit up the FB page for more updates!
Yes we do! Let's coordinate a day. I'll text ya.
god , this dudes breath stinks ! looks like he jst ate an ASS for breakfast !
#quote "The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities." ~ Stephen Covey
#FF Our fascinating tour guides
we just had a 23.5 hour drive from Laredo to Chicago and your records were the only thing that kept us from gnawing limbs off.
Need a 3 night, all inclusive vacay at Club Med Sandpiper bay? What about a new Manduka mat? You can win both!
Bwahahaha! They look a hot ass mess after that fight...
& if you want these kinda dreams it's Californiacation.
Saying goodbye isn�t the hard part, the hard part is that the memories just don�t erase themselves.
Okay, let's try again week after next.
no problem! follow back if you can. #
that must have taken you all day haha; it's awesome though :)
Yes. I use premium themes from Elegant Themes.
lol. My teams looking good in this moment!
so nice outside! first run around the loop with the xc team and a hard gym workout
The Saints and Packers won't be leading the league in defense.
My nigga Ju is a fool tonight wild but he called out the play before we got up in here so salute
ok, I'm supposed to head up there with my boy, hopefully I'll get to see you :)
Life is a lesson you learn it when your thru
RT : Don't forget to join us for our Fun Run this Sunday at 8am and Tuesday at 6pm!
Any news on the #newarchivistsRT?
He will deliver highest ratings on election day and then hopefully you will give up Twitter!
but we miss you :(
Why did I wake up so damn early today?!
probably would involve Kevin Martin and/or Scola
thanks for the shoutout!
no not at all
Don't forget to visit the Prize Center at our virtual summit on ebooks for info on how to win an iPad today at the show!
No offensive shooting flames present nor extinguishers needed or compromised in tonights #knicks game! #they'regoinghome #they'regoing home
At Gardensk8 ;D
Super excited for #Community!
I need a vacation
what's that saying about when you keep doing the same thing and expecting different results?
I was wondering where you were.
RT : #1: I already know I'm going to Hell. So, at this point it's go big or go home.
Yay first day at school was so good , sykeeeeee!
At Wendy's with my big bro's! This is to funny 😂😂😂
Nothing says breakfast like this gin & tonic and annoying a grumpy
Exercise to enhance your quality of life, rather than to achieve an arbitrary goal.
good job 2 day
gurl, you got this! #stayclassy tell them you want $20 an hour ;) ahahaha
there r so many people that look up to you :) Im one of them! U have gone a long way. God had done amazing things in ur life! Keep it up!
thought idk why you'd want to follow an asshole. Especially after beans or broccoli.
I like a certain kind of eyebrows on men. It's not weird at all.
That's good! :)
Also 20 great ways to get unstuck and thinking differently in general. Thanks for the post!
an its gone be 81 shit shit people gone let the weather go to they head
sounds perfect! I'll be there. Do you still have that extra ticket?
As Walt Whitman once said about an outfit similar to mine, "My blues don't match? My blues don't match! I am large. I contain multi-blues."
Great job on YouNow. Any chance I could get a follow back?.(:
“: We all made the team!!!!! #MIOBI”<---yay! It had an amazing ending! Will miss so much!
we got a pic of our dead ass lawn too:)
by the way, I'm going to buy your book. I'm not even going to try and illegally download it.
awh, thank you so much! it means a lot. :)
Ya first well have to stop and get your 10 dollars though for watching dogs for a whole week
The 'suscribe' button on FB is the best thing to happen to creepers since myspace and the aol chatroom
If I took you home, it'd be a home run.
Do you think "T-Mac" Tonacus McLain is watching fellow Channel One alum, Maria Menounos' match at mania?
You sir are a douche....and your socks are two different colors. They clash with your bandana.
-- HAHA nothing says sex like some neon reflectors.
Good morning twitter
I wanna get my belly button pierced.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Great framing and moderation, thanks Drew!
hahaha that's funny man
“: A recent survey revealed that 25% of Swedish women had had sex with more than 50 men.” hahaha vad tror du?
Yes, pls! Would esp love to hear about your paper, Ward's, May's, Downie's. Looks like an amazing conference! Enjoy!
they're definitely mine! lol Interesting post for sure.
God morning, New York City! If you had a few hours to play in the city - what would you do?
So cool to be watching #WhiteRoomChallenge & seeing kick some ass! Congrats my dear! #cheers! Cc:
Nice, good job!
RT : Why hasn't anyone monetized clouds yet? So many people take pics from airplane window. Seems like gold mine.
I'm free for lunch
Hugh Jackman, aka Wolverine in the X-Men series, turns 48 today.
Who knew this debate would be so hilarious?
Illinois. Still. This is how Odysseyus must have felt. Never. Getting. Home. (cc: )
I'm too tired too sleep!!!
yes; it was a custom order, delivered today; you can order one from the next batch, though :)
Sheldon's correct, if you don't want something taken back you have to say "no backsies."
There is no such thing as a "Fake Friend" Because if they're being fake, then they aren't a friend.
How many runners?
boi you know when you get back to the states we gotta pop a couple of bottles.
: ha! and 2 yrs + 5 days ago, i changed my name & got Fakebook-married precisely to "speak noise to power."
Verona town clerk: Some roads down to 1 lane due to high snow drifts and stranded cars. 5 vehicles in ditch this AM on Hwy M
Twitter = Magic
But I like sharing my thoughts with you all! I feel like you guys can relate to what I'm saying. Am I right?:)
same here! Same here.
1st base side vs. Royals at Camden Yards, yep! Dove over empty seats and crushed my buddy's beer to get it.
we've been together trying to write music for probably over a month now and we're working on band accts and recording and stuff
I have a funny feeling about today :/
Food Allergy Awareness starts with all of us. You can and will make a difference. Just talk about it!
Happy Birthdayy! :D
Happy Friday & Happy Fall! Any big plans for the weekend?
The one morning I leave early to go to work, there's traffic jam that makes me late. #Douchebag Traffic
Q: Hottest holiday fashion trend? Enter to win our Holiday Wardrobe Giveaway here...
just learned why the sky is blue
Oh, the Indian casino mob beat up a detective and left him for dead in the woods? Yeah, let's not look into that at all.
she's got 5. They've been great. But lots of missing assignments and tests. We'll get it all done. :)
Leave it to Carlos Gomez to deny #braun chance...
that was suppowed to say drive thru but i'm sure you know what i meant!! haha
can I come!??
12 is considered a magical number, with appearances in legend since antiquity.
There's a high chance of releasing a new song today with a FREE download
ppl are mean :)
What’s best at brunch?
Well they all are.
I need a dollar dollar, dollar that's what I need
Finished my first ! Officially a #RunnerofSteel!
whew I can't even...
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and non-sourdough breads. Call (703) 519-8020 for info!!
saw your weekend tweet, hope the puppy is doing better!
and fluffy! Doesn't Scotland have an indigenous forest cat too? Thought I saw one on a bottle of Clynelish...
Kenny Baron & Bobby Hutcherson breaking my heart with the beauty of In My Own Sweet Way
just worked her butt off on the treadmill for a good 40 minutes. Whoo!
omg #41KPSANDERETTES I'M SO PROUD
OH at the air show last weekend: "yeah, but she was chesty too..."
Ewwww. I was hoping for a pic of a glass of wine.
Having a stupid q&a about who they would vote to reelect. Henderson votes for everyone, mcDuffe no one, others a couple.
The first 12 to order the Mystery Beer @ 5:30 gets a free glass.
Its fuckin freezing outside
The "Who let the Dogs" out piece at the White House Correspondence dinner is a killer! So say bar patrons at the Ritz Carlton-west end.
Were at the gym trying to burn some butter.
Some boy already done stole my heart. Good luck trying to get it back<3
RT : Pets in workplace creates more creative environment, lowers absenteeism, can lead to employees who work longer hours.
thanks Skin, Mavs front office is waiting...we'll be there to greet upon arrival. Keep us posted.
I know what ya mean I'll be there if I don't start back on my designs been lazy!
I will see yall in the am at the #Dreamdrive!!
hahahaha oh balls. But no seriously guys, I wanna get fucked up..
Why does my entire endocrine system feel like its going to commit suicide?
My night has become a sunny dawn because of you. Ibn Abbad
“: doesn't matter you're rocking that ref uniform like a #boss” if anybody can, it's this guy
word claiming they messed with basketball players.
All those analysts on TNT saying the Lakers in 6
Might as well stay within walking distance from home. Heading to Axels for a bit
thx dellabella! It was pie, and it was fabulous (blackberry & blueberry)
nothing like a headache/hellish day to start the week FUCK
!! RT : Hotel Chantelle is starting up a Saturday and Sunday brunch this weekend. Live music and DJs late night, err, afternoon.
in Christ, my identity can never be shaken! that is the best solid ground.
I didn't wanna end up like him
Judy was out for a run & just hanging out earlier. Having lunch with her now & we'll check out the town this afternoon.
Lol thats to funny and I will post in a little bit on there and on soompi
Media agrees a powerful Ron Paul and Newt Gingrich made best showing in debate last night.
That's why you pinch hit for Wandy Rodriguez.
come listen to some hip house at pink elephant with me tonight.
I like the phrase, "am i right, or am i right?"
CD/DVD Duplication, Posters, T-shirts, Postcards, Flyers, Business Cars, Banners, Magnets, Brochures!!!! MusicalStop.com!!!!!!
I wish - #12NTC wasn't in the cards this year. Hope we overlap at another #nptech event soon. Enjoy the conference!
RT : tomorrow with six startup teams to talk communication strategy & the pitch
oh by the way, any good new tunes or dubstep you highly recommend?
Nap time. Watching this play.
yep. Zucca pizza. U got time. I'll be here till 3:30am!
Every tear-soaked whiskey memory blown away.
french breed! -lisa
Yup. She should have stayed innocent
Wearing a shirt at a #Johnnie Walker event. Party foul? CC:
oh, and it was a good turn out everyone enjoyed theirselves and it seemed like everyone was drunk cause I know I was lol
aint it something!!!
So Nicki has her twitter back??? Lol
Yeah, I'm blocking her. She's not getting the time of day lol
#theLordsblessings when i'm wrong, prideful, and stupid. thank God.
Hello, world! Almost made it through a year of the without Twitter, but with the upcoming Prism launch, I couldn't resist.
Got a manicure today...didn't seem to help much.
Thank you! Your support means a lot to us here. We believe!
push crew on the way! We leave asap! Chicago bound!
I'm starting to like this guy RT : Bruce Irvin gets $9.34M fully guaranteed over 4 yrs, w/over $5M signing bonus.
I wish I could figure out how to follow someone on mobile Twitter
who's driving??
yeah that seems like a good size. Will peruse Amazon tonight. Glad I saw your tweet!!
RT “: I guess there really are no real men left”| Its some out there.....
#Librarians, #libraryschool- give a follow to for info re this summer's #SLAChicago conference! (Plus, I'm helping w/ tweets) ;)
#GeechiShit RT : i dream about foreign cars with names that i don't exactly know how to pronounce.....
RT HURRY - Free Monster cleaner & cloth for the first 10 people to show up at Baillio's. Tell them I sent you.
my boy getting his new wheels an tires !!
LOL somebody please tell us what y'all were cracking up about at the beginning of the show.
Baaby just left
I'm renaming my toilet to "government think tank"
Listening to author Richard Rodriguez speak at college of San Mateo. Brilliant and inspiring.
You will never antagonize me! haha
don't i get excused from hw since it's my birthday? ;p ahahahah
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. ~Winston Churchill
I'm falling in love.... wit my workout bar :)
Sounds delicious RT: You should try ourVince Vega. It's the Lady Gaga of our drinks...shockingly enjoyable.
Our new single, Miss Me Now, will be available on iTunes on January 3rd. Please RT!
By the way - did we mention that Tim Thomas went to UVM - a publicly funded school to play hockey?
Oh dear, Panera Bread left a metal screw in my Chicken Tortilla Soup last night. Thought my tooth had fallen out!
#Artist MAke sure you Tag, and EMBED your Info in your MP3's!
it is the worst. Someone only joined the team as a joke and made fun of the team while on it.
Revival of Judaism on Iberian Pennisula defies logic but is an exciting reality - Rabbi Athias -Robles
I'm finally at the point where I need a break from trilogies and series. May be asking for recs soon!
living the dream, aren't you!
...and James Franklin.
We'll let the MFX Director know, he'll love 2 hear that RT : If I ever make it to LA I have 2 meet ur make up ppl...
This Uncle Tom Republican Herman Cain Says if you are out of a Job or Not Rich Blame yourself so I say to This Punkass Loser F U, H.Cain!
Today is the day for happiness
Omg That's My Dream!(:
for some reason, specifically today, i miss that internship ruled.
Hahaha - thanks - I'll show you a few moves with a spread sheet.
you always speak the truth. You help me with stuff I didn't even know I needed help with.
glad they are keeping you busy... You need some lens cleaner for your phone 😁
Id rather be a crying little pussy then some faggy goth kid XD
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. ~ Walt Disney
Hi Matt! Just wanted to say hi and happy new year! Let's grab a drink soon!
I believe this bravery calls for a celebration! I hereby decree a stroll down mass ave hunting for chocolate & wine for you! Xo
My financial future is controlled by Muahhh💋💋💋& reason you don't have anything now you is need to grind more!!!
Ugh! One of our producers hacked my twitter!
Guy behind me: " they run this team like Wal mart"
Going to get a haircut!! (:
not yet pimp but I.LL check u and get back
i heard you good w/ them soft lips ;)
Fuck not having a car that works 😡
I just finished Steve Cash's The Meq.
ORALE! FELiZ CiNCO DE MAYO M.O.J.O. FANS!!! HOPE EVERYONE HAS A DRUNKEN GOOD TiME! STAY SAFE AND BLESS UP!!!
Mangia Fresca is simply the Best Better then the Rest!!!
RMFT! Yess : All i can think about is my bed and cuddling with my pillow pet
It is explicit headlines like this that compel me to not watch your newscast. It appears I can't follow your twitter stream either.
LIQUID. Liquid, liquid, Liquid... :)
Really not in the mood for work to tonight!!!! 😔
What's with people attacking my pursuit of happiness today?
I love the smell of breakfast in the morning :]
We're playing at 11pm TONIGHT at 1808 E 12th w/ Victory and Associates and Trophy Wives. Last minute SXSW show.
Great first half spurs about to blow this lead wide open second half
No way! Already?? Time flies. One of my best celebrity sightings ever was Tony, on the Upper West Side of all places.
Lou Sanz from Australia means it when she titles her show Not Suitable For Children!
MT “: Btw, starting a new course on data analysis & visualization next spring." Would definitely be interested in that
Thanks 4 the
always wonderful good luck!
I slide for my niggas dawgggg
bwahahaha! Girls, girls, girls, girls in Jay-Z voice...that's what they do!
That's it. I want a summer fling.
Thanks for RTing my new blog post!
Big goal is to build a community of creators
hawt RT : On such a nice day, I am reminded that I am too sexy for my shirt. Going to take the Harley for a ride.
hahaha oh amanda...
Aye my man que funny as shit
I'm not a huge Tim Burton fan. But I would love for him to make a live action Peter Pan.
Painful! Breaking: Source tells that #Colts have terminated contracts of Gary Brackett, Dallas Clark, Joseph Addai &Melvin Bullitt
Hello <3 I haven't get your phone call yet :-( for the questions for business
#Cincinnati is a perfect fit for Vontaze Burfict. Plenty of teammates to help him with legal advice.
oh my gosh!! That's terrible!!
HAHA. That's pathetic, you don't even know me. You must not be happy with your sad little life. IDGAF what you have to say
I love the smell of tanning lotion. It's reminds me of Summer. :)
I love dogs! My last pup was a black lab named "Kevin"
It's true, I'm obsessed with and her awesome podcast "Making It with Riki Lindhome"
anyone know what Alex cole's season high for stolen bases?
Just finished getting ready... to go where you ask? Nowhere in particular just got really bored!
drop off dorm keys at the Kress Inn
Good morning! This is the first Monday I've worked since 2009. I think it's gonna be a good one. -sw
yeah he seems tight as hell! Next time im gonna stop
If we have the exact same car, please try not to park next to me. Totally confused me for a half second.
Disney Movies and Arcade games.
It's an kind of day
Rockdale County will abolish free speech Thursday @ 7pm. Only 501-3(c) orgs qualify for event permits for tea parties. SPEAK UP!
oh. whats up?
your good to go !!!
idk I'm confusedd:O itgought it was vocab so I didn't bring my spelling sheet
What a beautiful wkd for that!
Can't find any words. Carl was one of the friendliest guys around & did such fantastic work.My thoughts & prayers are with he and his family
I see what you did there >:D
the twit validation capcha maker doesn't work on my machine - just keeps spinning no image, U may want to check it.
Yeh. touch = devil ! & I'm skeptical of slides durability but the android app marketplace is pretty extensive.
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 17:21 with Nike+ GPS.
Is it Saturday yet?
Talking about use of StratML by state government
Break her heart and I’ll break your face!
Enjoyed every minute of this day off
When I met you I was afraid to kiss you. When I kissed you I was afraid to love you. Whaen I loved you I was afraid to lose you
LOL!! Yes. Perfect..
THIS THURSDAY @ PEJUS LOUNGE LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!! HAPPY HOUR 6P-8P THEN AFTER WORK PARTY 8p-11p w/me
it looked like Gardner just gave up so they could not see lee again.
Hey , are you going to Miami in June for Morning Show Boot Camp?
You put the "mo sex" in homosexual!
Awesome blog! I want to play too! RT My trail race over the weekend ignited my imagination... Andirunslikeagirl.blogspot.com
Just found the perfect pair of mint green skinny jeans. Then I realized they are for girls. Little girls.
A tiny bit.
Thanks, too, for the RT. Have a great day!
Rockin !!! thank's reverb , great jams i'm posting . ---- thanks for all the contacts ! you rock !
Brewers should have a Shyam Das bobblehead day... plenty of time to schedule a 6th bobblehead, or just lose the racing sausage, huh?
stop reading twitter SEO tips and just HIRE AN EXPERT TO DO IT FOR YOU, while u handle your new customers
totally agree - I'm going to work on an "About" page right now! :D
what's it like to walk through amber waves of grain
dang!!! that looks good where is this place
Atlanta. Its good to finally play a show in your city.
Try the veggie roll. We love the flavor of fish and shrimp, but the addition of vegetables will help make your meal more well rounded.
I know it's so good!
oh god lol. but i HATE its the same night as graduation -______-
happens. Still isnt fun. I'll get through..like always. Gnome freedom!! Release them into the wild. ;-)
I don't want to be a hater, but 's whining now exceeds his talent and performances. See ya!
Advertising builds awareness, but brands are built through customer experience
i was going out with him and he started telling me stuff and i believed him but he was cheating
So much for "taking care of our own."
Stupidly chose to take train over bus to Silver Spring today. Only bonus was stop by farmers market for a cheddar biscuit.
Leadoff Triple. Nice
New Purplespace CD coming in January 2012!!!! Stay Tuned!!! <3
Nice! We wish the Cee'd would hurry up and come to the U.S.! Mind if we link your review on our Facebook page?
Hell Volunteers! Orientation is getting closer & closer! Don't forget to come on July 27th! :)
Being wifed up during school, and basketball season is hard. I give up.
Must stop nibbling on the raw cacao nibs....after one more nibble.
Good stuff!
- The dictionary is a playground full of delight.
thanks for the. Follow
Wow! Josh Hamilton was preaching some good stuff on today...really enjoyed listening to him talk about his faith
. I am going to ask for a rehearsal skirt to go with the hat.
Thx! Yeah, wanna focus on comedy, so I need to up my game!
Social Security 2033 date isn’t the end. SS will still pay 75% of benefits w/ no changes. We can fix the shortfall w/o cuts.
thanks I just did it! and your welcome ;)
I'm bout ready to slap me like five people.... I swear
#potassium is great for muscle cramps & increased energy! Other than #bananas what are some other good sources of this mineral?
Going out
This month marks our 6 Year Anniversary- Just wanted to say thanks to those who have made it memorable. Looking forward to the next 6.
thank you, lovebug! It's a whole new world hahah
Love that
Good morning to you too! Have a magnificent day!
it's in the making homie just show them it's possible!
no coffee for the ride to school today
Always find it funny when an ugly bitch thinks she's the shit..haha suck it!!!!
Why does it smell like ocean?
Omfg the man-woman from church is here.
It's so weird to see cry. Cause she never does it. Like ever. Ever. Never. Hahah.
“: finally get to watch some football tonight. #excited” hell yeah man
I CAN'T DO BUSINESS WITH RAPPERS FAKE GANGSTER WITH NO REAL STRIPES IN THE STREETS TRUST ME MY MAN KNOWS WHO YOU ARE
It's b/c they realize TT's value, tho they hurt themselves the way they show it. Realize TT is asset
UK regulator investigating Sky News email hacking
nope it was on may 5th
#cmls2011 Loved your creations!
i'm already set bob , quit being a bitch !
He's not eating anything yet! #ManvsFood Adam Richman prepping for grand marshal duties
This section of my paper on Marcel Griaule would be much thinner without Merci, collègues!
They worked a lot on the Grease song too...
Ever gonna perform in Hawaii? I know from visitin that beautiful place, ur Hawaiian fans wants to see u badily.
We had a great table read yesterday for "I am Gabriel" (the movie). I'm so excited about working on this project!
I agree! Totally hot!! Looking good :)
Juror #6 is a simpleton
The Cards have to play with some heart if they want to win today. There is always some luck too
[5 - 0] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 4th inning. Houston Astros 5, Milwaukee Brewers 0
i didn't see your text until this morning. dm/im me when you have a moment?
yeah probably!!!! Anyway I'm gonna go to sleep talk to u again soon!!!! Night be safe!!
haha awe green so goes with Brown tho so you're good! :D
Summer Sale at www.justmeboutique.com you will receive 20% off your purchase.
Jammin to to his world-wide song Ai se eu ti pego.
me either but its okay im fine
so this banged up o-line gets to play against Detroit & Chicago's d-line the next two weeks.
No Homework = a good Sunday
Go to the problem, talk to the people who will say no. -
If you're not into Polar Bear Club's first record, I dunno what to tell you.
i dont LOVE one direction
Show starts in 1 hour! P.S. The Grove also has AWESOME food... =)
Get the latest event info. via tweets by following the 'Aventura Arts and Cultural Center'
well, it looks like no hungry academy for me. this year, anyway...
Diff between people who do meth and don't is obvious
Okay. So night people. <3 i think i'm being awkward.. :3
Straitening my hair , and getting ready to go off to Ruby's .
Gonna run #FF for a while. So far, so good with #FF 10.
Practice Greenhealth Celebrates Ten Years of Environmental Excellence Awards
so suppously im married twice on fb ?
any more old video questions for me
at $3/sq ft
: I mention it now cuz it'll sell out I imagine. Also meeting w/some peeps I've been doing midnight nerd movies w/for years!
you look very straight.
RT : Support Sojourner House and shop too! This sat at 10K Villages in Squirrel Hill fm 4-6 pm.
idk a charlie , his names jack name.
We could start our own commune!
Dane County has been selected to host the 2015 WI Farm Technology Days
I hope everyone at my school is too stressed or busy to register for fall classes so I can get into all the classes I want next semester.
ah yes, I'm a little slow. There was also from what i could tell a Prolife display in the parade. Irish culture alright.
Fanny Pak did good stfu and stop hating...
Fantastic! Also, jealous. :) FMS validated.
I have a profile on now casting and actors access. 
You can't expect either - just roll with whatever comes.
ohh. Okay(: well red looks good on you!(: haha(:
YUM! Love okonomiyaki... minus mayo.
Every Sinner has a future, every Saint has a past.
OK #Patriots - time to bring the Giants down to size - and send Manning crashing in the house his bro' built!
tv ads say it's getting better but my service became awful the last two weeks, any calls i make/get from home are dropped!! =(
never trust sugar sugar sugar
BELIEBERS! #BanBeliebers will not over power are awesomeness they are just jealous. is inspirational<3 and is always there
have they mentioned lumbar puncture? Not gonna lie it sucks but neuro said its pretty spot on way to dx
Our show at the Satellite is coming up quick!! RSVP on our Facebook fan page for this free show Sunday!!!
Back to reality tomorrow
isn't a glitter eyeliner every night?
: follow back please:) nice pic btw
good how are you!?
gonna go gawk at today. sure to beat this marriott crap.
We appreciate your RTs:
paradise drops june 5th ......
I don't use my twitter i dont like when people follow if you looking for young mantra catch his foot on the throttle wit a model on a bottle
Congrats! Had to head out so sending you a twitter hug. Would that be a twug??
Day almost ruined by unexpected medical bills (nothing crazy). Day saved by the Health Savings Account I almost forgot about. Phew.
Cowboys Open camp Wednesday. Hell Yeah!!!!!!!!
not bad Fitzpatrick
“: Really missing and !!! #sadtweet”>>> awww miss YOU:) come see me
hey, where's did he chicken out!?
Working in basement office all day, catching up on Big Love. Sore shoulders & swollen glands tip me off a fibro flare's on the way. Dang.
5-4 Tigers. The Sux hit a two run homer. Bottom of the 5th.
Car door busted.
Thanks for tuning in! You guys rock!!!
Few plants are more graceful or versatile in contour than the fern. (1850)
Hope everyone is having a great Sunday! What a great day of Sunday Football! & both win - everyone is happy!
I hope you have a good trip!
I'm voting for Geno... ya know... for than 20 times... less than 200 times..
ok cool! I think I'll be in Miami Beach next Thursday if you want to get together for coffee or something!
Who has the nerve to judge you??
lol yeah they gettin picky now! They had to take 3 pics of my neck and send it to the commander
RT if you like to RT things.
Vent With Us. is on right after 's #Preds post-game. Also joins us, taking calls.
I LOVE your blog and will be following it! I'm making a documentary about sensory perception: www.spectrumthefilm.com.
Hi - pls connect with
Editing the sheet music for "Snowstorm!" So exciting! :)
oh gee is that code for something (;
it was a good time hanging out with you
Sunday football....who are YOU rooting for?
What not to watch while on : Top Chef #JustDesserts. Seriously considering eating the remote. But on Day 3, I'm down 1.5 lbs.
I'm excited to get a tattoo that's going to have some color!!
Even if conservative politics could be proven to be correct, I'd have to remain a left-winger for the music (and the comedy).
We're cool, but not THAT cool!
Faculty Members share your thoughts! Participate in the AAMC Faculty Forward Engagement Survey - look for survey invitations week of 10/16!
"There is one constant that is true of all Generations" -- that Morgan Freeman must introduce important stuff.
OMG i love draw something!!! Add mee amandac61399(:
Obama tryna just chill Nshit but niggas won't let that man be great.
Shane Mosely is the ultimate pro!!! Clearly outmatched..he still is competing..
Everything i like is either: illegal, immoral, fattening, addictive, expensive, or impossible.
Why are we reviving 90's velvet platforms like there is anything at all okay about them?
Social is on the 31st!!!
Yall ready for the 2012 Spring/Summer line on Night Owl jams yet?
Calling nizooooww! RT : needs to call me this morning when his ass wakes up!
Adam Levine marry me
Thanks - snapped it!
“: MobileMe to 'Castle' (iCloud?)". Castle in the sky. #iCloud Music to my ears...Hm?
ceo/founder of is speaking now at Global Social Enterprise! #lawac #socent follow us tonight!
maybe todays a beach day...... do u agree?
Excited for tomorrow night but idk if I'm ready for it haha! It's gonna be crazy!
#Yankees have a lead! OMG! ::faints::
I'm not a Facebook status though, you dont have to like me.
": What do you expect from Tony Romo this year?">>Rough start, great middle, tabloids, then bad finish. 9-7
take a baby goat, you know "kids!" It is the USDA afterall!
Definitely have a little bit of D&D geek inside me. Pumped for #GameOfThrones Season 2 this Sunday night.
thx! We need to figure out how we can use twitter with class!
#Moore, Spirit House. A different Christopher Moore serendipitously discovered writing earnest, not bad Thai ex-pat detective crime fiction
Tonight treehouse!! Rawkadeus, one more sun and the domes. 10P, $5, 21+. Let's party!
Feel free to visit our blog too, We look forward to viewing your artwork-www.theadamouski.blogspot.com
#AlejandroVideo - lets get a move on monsters!
can I get a RT, I'm gettin drunk.
I called u girl
For those families and professionals that were affected by the sudden closure of Wellspring: Our hearts go out to you today!
Hoping to see you/ on Friday at Billy Bob's.
Disappointing performance. That's all you can say. Not a great deal of confidence heading into the tournament
That awkward moment when you stretch & your inner pornstar moan comes out.
We hope we're creating a
Corey Hart came to join and sing for us at Mickey Roo's! So cool! :)
Sound familiar? RT "... throwing the ball and we had a good visit. This is another important step in the process."
Love the fans. We got something to prove
I'm taking moments to regroup spiritually, due 2 past/recent sad events that have transpired. I'm still here, new music in about 2 wks.
Hey I'm joking
Date night with The perfect ending to a perfectly shitty day.
This dude singing the star spangled banner >.<..<<<<<<<
You were super sassy on that runway! Thank you so much for signing my book!
#lxchat TONIGHT! Lighting design in found/nontraditional/unique spaces.6pmPDT/9pmEDT. #lxstudio/
In #boston and its a pretty nice day!
#fuckyes Sharon Needles one RuPaul's drag race!!!!
Today's greatest invention ever? Dunking Donuts drive-thru. Coffee and donut and still dry.
blah blah
good luck with the blog. The weekend pics look great. Looking forward to seeing more.
I wish #teenwolf wasn't over:(
People who reject there family till it's to late<<
ivory ridge .. Nice
Kinda sad & pathetic if u believe Zardaris possess what u call pol vision. Keep doing the bidding 4 these imposters;)
Happy New Year from The Gathering! We resume our regular meal services today.
I am so tired of excessive government regulation. Why can't the government stay in the bedroom where it belongs?
walking The Weeknd down city streets.
Too cold out today to not get some pork fat in the diet! Double Zombie cheeseburger add bacon and a basket of bacon ,blue fries is in order
Smells like humans
vodka and laundry... what could go wrong?
Holy HELL I'm in the wrong place.
Alton won again. Still alive for third!
was thinking out loud about this earlier. Think the term betrays assumption that players should always define the situation.
Why is it that we don't always recognize the moment love begins, but we always recognize the moment it ends?
We live and in effect
Roller derby countdown sequence initiating in five...four...three...two...
oh ye of little faith.
that's my girl! Great #Oscars coverage baby!
You never know when it is your time to go. You can be here one day and gone the next, so cherish every day!
They should warn people on the brochure for the "City of Angels" that most of those "angels" speak spanish.
(lol) RT : It's so hot...winters in Wisconsin are starting to sound good again
The sun has a lot of vitamin d in it.
Looking forward to an amazing event next week at #BizDen2012 Summit in New York CIty! Yeah! :)
We would love to work with you, are you interested in talking about your blog?
I'm doing quite fabulous, thanks. :-) I'm playing 3 places this month so I'm excited
Bitches be takin the pole swearing their legs closed /the stories told are like Swiss cheese they fulla holes
Get 'em!!!RT : haha! I know thats right! I want that,but first I'm going 2 keep doing this cardio to get the
It's like when I say "herbs." "do you mean "erbs?" "No, there's an 'H' in it."
I actually have a youtube channel and it's more just about information but we could do workouts for sure
I thought I was starting this day off on a good note...but I guess not!
In golf, the costs are high from the beginning. Other sports costs go up as kids get more competitive. Big barrier to entry.
Holiday Pick-Up Line: If you jingle my bells I can promise you a white Christmas.
Selah just squeezed my neck lovingly & said "a game of pain". Then she said "scuse me", started singing about my tooth pain & her umbrella.
smh. Yeah I know. Tweak moment...smh
Turning off the world until my thesis is submitted. I assume I'll be able to print out my diploma shortly thereafter.
u a single parent ?
I would rather cook than have to do the dishes or not eat than have to do dishes
Good morning! ~ Gorgeous as always!
lol hell yea im serious im heading up 2mar Night So I be There Thurs Morning but ya Sat Gone Be Official BlackShadeMafia
why the FUCK does everyone do this to me.? I dont get it.
What Makes You Beautiful is playing! NOT One Direction themselves lol my bad :) -g
That's plenty for Crawford. I'd pull the trigger on that trade no problem in a deep league like this with so many categories.
Today's diversity event at the Univ. of Pitt was a success.
The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them. -Albert Einstein
Gary Pope - online video has far > potential for emotional connection w/kids than TV spots. See & share.
I love Ray! Now I'm even more jealous. We must meet sometime and drink wine.
I hate the Celtics. They suck
because they have nothing to loose and everything to gain! :-p
The chickens are lovely, but getting them processed for retail/wholesale sale is extremely difficult.
5th in the league in scoring
Twinkle Twinkle little whore youre cheaper than the dollar store (:
Green Tip:Tea Tree oil is one of the most popular essential oils. It is one of the strongest natural antiseptics!
What the crap! The way they run these VIP tickets is ridiculous. I hate it! You'll get them soon, don't worry :) thank you!!!
Tweet me a number for I'll rate your account!<3.
My head hurts, there is snow on the ground, so fuck school.
Restaurant week! Enjoy a 3 course meal for $20.11 for lunch. Or join us for dinner for $35.11 including a glass of wine! Happy hour til 7!
Watching HOUSE. He's the man
Don't phase me tho.
Twitter is being a bitch right now..
upstate NYer, Tim Horton's eh?
#BellTQuiz143 Totally in its not to late right
Don't miss the #HIMSS Southeast Summit here in our hometown of Nashville, TN. Sept 28 and 29 at the Gaylord Opryland.
I had my earthquake kit ready to rock! :)
why not?, It should be funny
Time to eat. Sour cream overload!
I just heard there is a park called
what you say for that to happen?
The #Lord is a warrior; the Lord is his name. - #Exodus 15:3 Awesome verse!
I Wasnt Even Payin Attention To Her Arms Like That.. That Heel Jst Messed Everything Up! lmao
Let's go #Indiana beat
"The price of greatness is responsibility." Sir Winston Churchill
Our book LIQUID BREAD Beer and Brewing in Cross-Cultural Perspective won the UK Gourmand Prize!
CCT is looking to hire new graduate student workers for a number of positions within the program. If you're interested, let us know!
Another fruitful Sunday shopping trip we only spend $187.35 for 2 weeks worth. We saved $105.17 on $292.52 worth of stuff!
APD calling Israel Keyes "a person of interest" in Samantha Koenig case.
I just found myself saying EXACTLY what my mom tells me...
shut up keith
can u wash mine too..lol :)
O lalaa!! I just fell in love with the color red all over again!! :D
Texas is pretty crazy
All that creamy goodness (that's what she said).
We have almost finished the profiling of you. We see you have experience jumping out of planes. Impressive. Most impressive.
It smells like cotton candy and pretzels in ... what's going on today?!
Every week since the contest started when did u start announcing the names and has my name been called yet?- Kiana, NY
Uh, earthquake, right?
Bitch I am the man no longer the kid.
Come out to the group #art show tonight @ Variable Space in Wicker pk. 1564 n Damen
do you have your booth for Albuquerque? March 11-13 at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino www.rocktheink.net
The earthquake machine didn't work either. Still a pretty cool guy, based only on the stuff he actually did.
GONE HEAD BUST IT WIDE OPEN
Uncle Boonmee, laundry, and wine.
Absolutely! Tha ka for being such a great role Model to younger women! xoxo, Downtown Donna
#Scan our qr codes this weekend for great deals all around #sandiego!
Its a wrap from here
