Los Angeles, CA -Need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 600 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
I HATE Twitter spam.
Awesome. Kudos on your win and for being a good dad, too. Thanks for the response.
Where in heck is Obama's plan? This guy is a great speaker, but a lousy leader.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue.
thanks for having me - it was a lot of fun!
Patty Mills has made four 3-pointers. He has 30 points and the Spurs lead the Warriors 101-95 with 5:05 left.
I am my own person don't care to think nor be like the rest follow me y'all
u don't like girls Clive-
About n hour ago here on the east coast, which is incidentally the only time zone that matters.
Today was the most interesting day I've had in a while lol
We are at the Conference NYC follow our updates with
The only thing has to do is rt tweet and my life would be set! (: #guymahomie! (: and btw I'm goin to your online concert!:D
Needs to go "cold weather" shopping! :-)
any reason you aren't making the newsletter a blog? Easier to share, you can still email it, search it etc...
Where yall hookers @!!!
You said you were leaving over 20 minutes ago, just fucking leave
not here..it doesnt show
Witching hour in the east. Goodnight tweeps.
oh..... “: You're more likely to die from a vending machine than win the $640 million Mega Millions jackpot tonight”
It's 2012. I carry the future on my belt. Why can't we make a fruit cup that doesn't spit pineapple juice when I open it?
I've even had to replace my entire wardrobe once and am working on a second time now
thanks for sharing good stuff!
Games still going on despite the power outage. Thanks to the natural light!
I'm cracking that smile i just can't seem to loose.<3
I love my dogs(:
"The posthumous is the category in which the unthinkable must be thought." (Sandar Goodhart)
I would very much like to read a book tonight... but which one?
I got my tickets for the Seattle show :) Section 115, row 3, seats 1 & 2! What did you guys get? :)
I love the #pens!! I love pens fans!! I love everything about them!!
it's ok. When I make it. I will just blast them lol
it's never too early. I have *secrets*. When we do the tea-bag drop I'll share.
Ima Write a book "think like a woman"
I guess you're not retiring
Remember, our reaction to life can turn a gift into resentment or transform an ugly caterpillar into a beautiful butterfly
Them hoes dont owe me NOTHING
never to late to try and fix things with your friend
*When my parents are asleep* Me- "Shh! they're sleeping" .... *When I'm asleep* Parents- "Let's vacuum the house for 3 hours"
Holy shit every guy sucks
That DJ is the best thing to happen to Phoenix all summer.
I find it interesting that Pinterest users won't title their pins. They prefer visual browse to keyword search.
Do unto to others as you would have them do to you.
Drusen are small, yellow deposits that form within the retina. They are sometimes associated with macular degeneration.
Thank you for translating and sharing!
Fuck the shit im done nobody will ever see me again im leaving my phone on the side of the road love you bye
the only thing making me nervous about the as-of-yet unscheduled move is the vinyl that should be making its way to me 'round then.
"utterly predictable" as many see true for climate change. And there are deficit deniers and those who think we can wait to act
I love those pair girls. They are to great and to much fun!!! #friendshipbraceletes twitter less "Chis" :)
RT <== haven't been there in awhile (well come on over and #getUGLY )
Rick Santorum wrote an autobiography that later became famous entitle West Side Story
; i'm not known to be a bubble buster.. but those aren't ducks. those are commonly called geese. #lmfao :o
Tired of lines yet? Performances of DR HORRIBLE-LIVE @ 6pm and 10pm Tonight! Sign up for $20 Standby tickets!
No, Google maps for Blackberry, when I search for "park" I don't mean "parking."
when i need you the most.. where are you?
They just silenced the word "Mexican" in American Werewolf in London when the Brit is telling the dumb airplane joke. Fuck liberals and Syfy
I'm officially checked out, no more work today. Ready to devote some quality time to my family. Happy holidays everyone!!
doesn't pronounce the "t" in "often" I'm so proud!! 😂
why no DB in the draft? Oh well. C grade draft. Better than the last couple years.
Onion and thyme.... I would be angry. Really?!
Fucking boredom. Someone save me.
LIKE! I cant tell you how much I wanna be there.
I'm thinkin' Valencia in 2014!
Did you send or receive any awesome mail recently? Share a pic with #ShowAndMail!
Home builders gearing up lately for a robust recovery!
ha, right on.
I hope you get out safely.
For my mistakes that i kno I can an will get better on
I wudnt be aable to fall aasleep if I knew I had some money in there hahaahahha
I swear to lord I've been down to earth but more times then not I've been lifted
Well played. RT : Now that the humidity is going down here in Indy- Sign up for and save $$ on golf
your the worst
try being 6'4 in coach. Love midwest airlines 4 that reason.
Agreed. RT : This city should be embarrassed to have voted Potbelly 2nd best sandwich shop in Best Of.
Does anyone have an excuse about why Kobe didn't do enough when the got that ass whooped
point in a direction and I'll do wat needs to be done.
“Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.” ...
great thanks. I will check this out!
OMG I know! I was so ticked off when I heard what Geraldo said!
OH AWESOME! IT'S Tuesday! Two piercings for the price of one!! YES!! All damn day long!! Because we love you!
Great having you back at CG. Welcome home!
Yeah hopefully! Can we go back to sulphur soon?!
book signing at B&N in Savannah GA was terrific!
what a tune!
Older adults (age 60-84) exhibit more negative age-bias than younger adults (age 17-26) Source: Georgia Institute of Technology, March 2011
Eat get fat
I take it back after you said that.
#findUW we have our first hunter at clue 3.
So I'm not alone, I just hope is not a killer or something lol jk (x
Happy Birthday Darrell. Have a great day!!
i can't even say happy mother's day to my mom cos she's not here.....
#TrackTryouts are tomorrow i hope i make the team.
I was the best out of all if you guys!
Thought the same thing and I watched him at Temple.
Do you think there are clear leaders in the debate, personal preferences aside.
aww, you missed me? i missed you too x finally i'm worth someones time. :)
must be why u failing
The Kings are the only LA team with a chance to win it all. The Staples Center workers wont be that busy after this NBA round
You say one thing, yet you do another.
you know desire gonna be working when you gey there
hey bobby will you be doing any in-stores signing copies of your album?
Last chapter of the semester tonight! Come and give a shout out to A. Esquivel. See you all at 7PM!
back to bed again.
“Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.”~Charles Luckman
Off to Dubai.
Me RT : Who's in Detroit & coming back to EL today?
Out in 6th for 0. Ak < kk for my 14 bigs. Possibly could've found a fold as absurd as that is
It's my birthday, can I get a follow? Please :)
Wake forest is doing work.
ur mi beautiful queen ^__^ i love u
so prom is looking pretty lame for me.
“That idea [of generating new content] wasn’t something that made sense before HubSpot taught me why that would be a good idea
When I miss the bus & have to walk, I keep my mum on the phone & talk shit about the creeps. Getting quite good at shit talking in bangla.
anything I can do? Lol.
If my family and my hood loves me That's all I need real talk
No comment should be necessary
Ah I get what you're saying. Don't know how I feel about editions either, but with my fine art background I can't part from it.
I wanna play with a monkey 🐒
Hope mama sanders has a great birthday!!!
I'm flying from Boston to Baltimore today and I am not nervous in the least. We've come a long way in 10 years.
"Power comes from love."
that's a good reason to turn down an app. next in line among bad fonts is papyrus and tempus sans. all hard to take srsly.
Good night for Tony, great night for Ducan, & goodnight to the Phx Suns!
....oh RT : Baby....let me....show you how yo pussy works, since you didn't bring it to me first....
Money make up a wig n jewelry can make a bitch cute buh wats underneath all that shit doe is wat I'm wondering
Talent is universal, but opportunity is not.
I'm single and yea that my daughter
For all this politicking shit, there has to be something in the middle
If God favors you to send u an amazing spouse....everyday make sure you love and appreciate them!!
my neighbor is outside screaming jump...to a tree :/ I won't ever understand his ways
With our books out!
wow. That's just great.
everyone should watch kailey's new cover. My boo did an amazing job and loved the song choice, obviously <3
Lol everyone is freaking out how one of the crews took the boyz move
hey man love your stuff. I work with 9-18 yr. old hockey athletes. Would love to talk sometime. I interned -Adam
Camos Brothers in Chapel Hill is Closed for the summer, we will re-open in August! See you then!
luck in AC this week you are gonna compete against my best friend from Dancin Queens :)have fun...love you Nick! <3
DBU Music Alumni--Come tonight at 7PM to Pilgrim Chapel to hear the Chorale lead us in worship at their Spring Concert!
Alexi rally killer
Pleased a proposal I authored with to use self-employment assistance in our efforts to create jobs was inc. in payroll tax deal.
Oh awesome! Both the NBA and the NFL are officially locked out!
Moyer came to a cancer treatment school when I was living in Seattle & hung out all day, a super awesome guy!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Can you do me a favor ; take a Look at this& give Me feedback? it Would be helpful, thankyou. # www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
There should be temperature limit on UGGS.. It was 75 today in NY.. Why do you have on them feet Warmers?
MKELive All Stars Thanks for the RT's this week!
Everytime you analyze how you live you get mad
The perfect temperature for tea is two degrees hotter than just right. ~Terri Guillemets
3 more days ;)
ADD kicking in right...about...now.
i'm not sure how well it'll go over on all time slash though
Now this is the way to wake up!! YOU TOO! 💗💚“: #SKEEWEE! Have a WONDERFUL day. ": Hey SKEE WEE!!!"”
Thank you! I will be sure to post pics when we are there next Saturday!
Guess I'll go see what's on tv.
you guys look amazing!
Oh good. It's raining. I am a nervous wreck. No pun intended.
I do have a life. Its called my twitter life. And it sure as hell is better than my real one. So suck it up.
yolo ;) good timing
you dropped a half rack on the floor?!? You have to cradle it like a baby! C'mon
Hollidays are right around the corner think about a scooter guy membership, arrive safe and keep your great rate
Good morning from LiLLiES of #WoodleyPark #DC ! Head in for our $7 sandwich/salad lunch special! #dcfoodies Just a block from the zoo!
#GameofThrones is on...don't eff with me..
what's up homie?
small business loans
please follow me <3 #loverng Itd make my week
Still taking your questions for tonight's sports sunday. Tweet us your best and we'll answer on the air with Canzano.
me neither ! LOL
Queens people always trying to act hard with their middleclass @$$
are u lesbians ???
My parents didn't even notice I was gone the whole time...lol
#gametime Lets bring it to trinity
it usually involves my boyfriend and I, or family and friends. Someone always ends up passing away.
Shout out to my boy he is going off this morning follow him and laugh with me
Where do you go for good ideas?
I am keeping busy and steady. It will get busy later when it rains. I talk with u when I am waiting to see new patients.
I agree!
well he said he goes with the easiest girl he can get so your right i guess your just the #1 choice
Presents Shopping :)
nice win for the Aggs
every day. Just especially so today :)
this culdesac has changed my life don't talk bad about it
I love you picture!!
I wish I was strong enough to lift, not one, but both of us . ❤
“: Is there such a thing as unintentional grounding?". Yes, a Matt Ryan pass.
It was now or never, so I picked never.
Newest spot for a paper cut... My top lip, ugh 😒
Eating trail mix this morning. Feel like I need to do a hike. Maybe I should switch to potato ships and I won't get those feelings.
Heat is ridiculous. I should move to a place with more buildings, trees, and hills for shade. #kansas? Oh #wait they don't have any of those
Just claimed my first #Facebook offer to 3 of my favorite S's: social, shopping, savings.
sounds good to me...Bryan what do you think?
Good morning beautiful people!
My biggest wish is to find a sketchbook along similar lines of Smash. One that has different colors and types of papers.
Feeling like Something is missing..
BTW...thought you were following me. I was going to shoot a DM to thank you for the live updates. Looks like a cool event.
I wanna bitch from everywherw
Match.com here I come! Pathetic I kno but gotta get out there sometime, why sit around n wait?
Pranks, Gags, Jokes, Novelties, It's all here in our Amazon Store ---> www.amazon.com/shops/Fun_Squared
UMBC is buzzing w/ #URCAD12 activity today. Heard great poster presentations on Chinese investment in Sub-Saharan Africa, Arab Spring & more
When y'all gon #WakeUp and recognize real talent? I swear I'm on my swagg. #Woke!!
Alright! I'll talk it out with some people, see what works. It was great talking to you again, and meeting you last night! :)
Going to 's tonight :D
Apollyon's theme by >>>
RT : So far we have & Pattie Curry attending #SHRMAtlanta from ILSHRM - doing survey of board now.
In other news, my cat just went ape sh*t, jumped to TOP of my bedroom blinds and split them in half! :/
49. Ugh! :( one day I'll what I want to do when I grow up!
Goodnight twitter, <3 & goodnight . I know you'll notice me one day.. Anyways, GOODNIGHT!
- they're rebranding the Spicy Chicken Sandwich as "Wendy's Fire Crotch".
Thanks for the mentions/RTs -
good luck. You'll kill that exam. Love you 💘
Hooves & Beak has been on my "must see" list since 2010. Shameful that I haven't made it happen yet. Plus I'm loving The Thoughts these days
Wahoo! Can't wait to see you there you gorgeous geek you! xoxox!
Genius is eternal patience. -Michelangelo
It is me. Eddie of Eddie's Attic got the boot. I wonder how JM is feeling about the guy that put him on the map getting canned!
I hate existential crises that pop up in the middle of the work day.
my dude you already know!!!
In order: nope, nope, nope. But correct city. Just wring addresses / brands.
‎#MarryTheGaga is trending! I would Marry all of you in a heartbeat. Sometimes I wear a monster paw ring on my wedding finger. Yours 4 life!
We will be at the Pittsburg mills strongland EXPO this weekend
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired. ~ Robert Frost
I bet you are. Golfer. :)
Where the Wild Things Are. I was so sad! Especially because it's leaving theaters today. :(
Coming home for lunch is a tease. I don't wanna go back😥
YES! but u r buying the drinks :) lol RT : I'll come to the tweetup if u still let me after missing so many
Thanks for joining us on the Radio Show tonight!! :)
I Hate You.
Do what you think is best to understand everything better.
Is this just a game? I don't know. <3
Canada has glow-in-the-dark dinosaurs on coins, and America can't even get "In God We Trust" off our money. Getcha head in the game, U.S..
I feel bad for all those people who lost their homes in the tornado its so sad
Karma at work, clearly.
those babies are huge!
Love the idea of "Godet" writing a #Kinkade obit. Send me a link when you do!
me too. I was pumped!:/
Braun just got enough of that one to put it over the wall in left.
I wanna go to six flags let's get a group and go
Day 15 on the platform, ready to go home. Day is going good so far, have seen 3 whales today, 1 as close as about 50 yards.
your not ;)
When will #badgers get a real football coach? Can't wait to hear this year's excuses.
I had a beautiful Marroccan sandwich at Casablanca on 1st avenue between 61st & 62nd street in Manhattan. Great service, fresh and gorgeous!
It's a lifestyle – train like there's no finish line.
Ready to book your load! RT : #EYEOFTHETIGER over here in #Truckload Sales ! Can you dig it?
yea but i gota set it all up 2nite but ima hyu once i got it done
that seems weird. a bug perhaps? I can't see any reason for them to do that.
i second that! Kindle Fire would be sweet!
We are going strong for #SXSWInteractive. Looking to keep my team active during
Ann Romney believes we must respect the choices women make...so is Mitt pro-choice again?
WOW I'm glad I ain't bet any money wit any of my #Philly followers, I call it how it is , Good comeback.
Welcome back Intern Shalynn Vaughn! We hope we provide you with rewarading and exciting projects this season!
Happy birthday ... Have some bourbon. Like I have to tell you.
First day of last week down! :)
“: #Gemini hates dull lovers.”
Can't wait to hang out in Austin again. Your travel photography is amazing!
Happy Valentine's Day 9Round Nation! How are you showing that special someone you care?
at least you did somehing
Breakfast time.
Thank you for following!
#veryimportantpeople CEO of Apple Inc. RIP #SteveJobs I'll always remember you.
Way to go Wings. Keep that forecheck.
Don't hold on so tightly tour path that u miss the magic.. opportunites present ursef at inopportune times # wov12 jennife chayes inspires
#oomf is so intelligent
If all food tasted like the uni/garlic/chili/clam linguine at Son of a Gun in Los angeles, there would be no more war in the world.
The bright side: when teams get new stadiums, they get Super Bowls. The Packers play in Super Bowls. I could celebrate a Pack title in MN...
RT : Why do we park on driveways and drive on parkways? Just to be silly? ~George Carlin
It's almost #draft time! Best of luck to all the former #bsubroncos over the next few days. Can't wait to see where you all land!
Happy birthday !! You guys gotta stop growing up! Makes me feel old! 🎉🎈🎉
The Link Magazine is currently undergoing Web design changes. We hope to have an interactive, user-friendly site. So stay tuned!
Cant decide if I want to get my membership for the month of May at the AC or at the Y
hi remy i knw u dont knw me but i understand how it is to have friends den they betray u im going through the same thing now
Come on 11 o'clock.... Waffle House is callin my name!
I think might have run her out of town. Or he secretly seeing her. We can't decide which.
i guess she like is ruff
Sleepover almost got awkward as I very nearly blasted my snoring recording.
hope everything is great on your side. So, as we talked before, which app are you interested in? Mac app or iPhone app? Let me know.
Did you know Henry Blair, the 2nd African-American to receive a patent, invented a corn seed planter in 1834 and a cotton planter in 1836?
The snow is falling in Downtown Seattle! Don't feel like driving home? DM for reservations
Daay of silence..
awesome game. i love the fluid game play for sure. Plans for any new ones in the future? Thanks.
yeah bitch you boo boo! you turned down,you thirsty!
Haha...jelly beans will do that! Enjoy your walk and have a blessed day! :-)
Yeah, you should stick with marine biology....
There are so many paths to Super Pac success for President Obama probably just can't choose one.
I think there is sign on 27 as you enter Montauk: "Anne Weiskopf, please go home"
Hey baby. Wish I was relaxing too! See you in a bit. Da Dockta!
“: Oxford! I'm playing this Friday night at 10:30pm! Come one, come all!” I'll be there selling hot dogs outside.
love you too, Mama :)
Welcome to twitterland where you'll spend way too much time :-)
stupid tweet limit
Better than a thousand useless words is one single word that gives peace. ~ Buddha
I ask that same question every time they post something about one another….
G1 test post. Also testing protected updates
Read in
I feel like every road in avon is shut down.
Oh that is very pretty. Like the one-shoulder and color.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe Guys telling me we can be the next Jay-Z and Beyonce but they are unemployed!
that's who i am right now!
hey brother!!!
here all about C.L.A.P. on newest podcast out today!!!!! PLUS a GIVEAWAY!!!!!
yea, easy to write a check your ass cant cash too....ego got the best of him....even coaches said he did it...own it
That super cool moment when uses "you're" instead of "your".
will there going crazy killing everyone
C'mon #Brewers!! Too many meat balls served up this season so far!
Fracking porn! RT : Latest oil and gas engineering term to make me blush: "open hole swell packer"
well, i wanted go hang out around MSG to see if i could get a glimpse of bieber, but my dad won't let me out of the house these days.. :|
The deadline may have passed, but you can STILL submit your application for the 2012-13 Corps!!!!
M, I had a couple of those!
Enjoy your labor day everyone! We are open all day..Come beat the rain & pick up our beautiful flowers to ease your pain. -_-
herbs in a bottle are perfect for cooking when you've got no time! Love them.
Now watching Serra vs Pasadena
has received a Rosetta Lenoire Award Nomination for Diversity from Actors' Equity Association!
"I'm tired of reading films. Less text, stats and more stories with pictures" said Fri by Loira Limbal but credited to Mable Haddock....
What Would Bear Do?
Not really, that's not his game. Forcing him into that role if someone else has a better shot is a mistake
Packers Mike. By the way, your the greatest of all time
I'm covered. thanks so much, though:)
headed to Key West this weekend. Anything doing there we should know about?
Happy Easter
Asus is usually very fast so I'm sure it'll work just fine
i mean have some respect for your team. Lots of great players never won a title and still out on for they team
My partner is interviewing for his sub license today. I know my boy will do well.
I HATE homework...
Thanks for saving me during the awkward car ride! :)
why r the #Colts n #Redskins taking all the time to make their picks tho?? # NFLDraft
Sorry, I can't hangout. My uncle's cousin's sister in law's best friend's insurance agent's roommate's pet goldfish died. It was tragic.
At a CATO green energy policy lecture... No words to express how this makes me feel.
My name is Diamond Shore and I love Teresa because she is beautiful, a great singer and dancer, and so inspirational <3
i wish for a time when equality is such a given that we only talk about it in history class
Up making that good musik
musicians have very little leverage due to the perception that they are easily replaceable. and hell, DJs are cheaper!
prob after I get back to the crib
Looking forward to seeing James Galea on the KTLA Morning News on Mon, April 25th!
Jerry's 8pm tonight in Wicker Park to support some good music making! come join.
Let us not be too particular; it is better to have old secondhand diamonds than none at all.
Editiing the pilot episode. Stay tuned for airtime & web addy. Follow the Freaks on Twitter & on www.yournewsdetroit.com!
It's a rare occasion that I have to get up early on a Sunday for work. Of course today is the day Cookie decides to be cuddly.
So jealous you're there. I love the ugly win...Lakers baby!
Check out our new and spooky cookies for HALLOWEEN!! Stop by the store, mentions twitter and receive a FREE treat!
When my hands go cold, my nails turn purple.
not every single one of my pictures are of me.But some people post pictures of them selves like in every picture they have .
Probably a good idea
you bet and thanx for the compliment
boo! You just missed me!
Our Friends at Song Of The Day featured #callmemaybe by yesterday.#NowPlaying on
where are you moving?
If the #RedSox can't win against the A's and Orioles, how will they fare against the Yanks and Rays? Is this a lost year?
the VW commercial, with the little boy dressed as darth vader. love it!
At getting my eat and drink on for the first time with the wifey!
I love a good disaster training meeting, it makes me feel like shouting "Bring it on!"....hoping I didn't just tempt fate.
All the world's a stage - or so they tell me.
tweeting about yourself again?
that sucks homie
hey ya whore :)
i get this, just don't see it happening and don't think it's realistic at this time. thots?
I've decided to watch every post-Leone Eastwood film. Just finished WHERE EAGLES DARE, so it's now time for PAINT YOUR WAGON.
has tons of opportunities if you're looking to relocate to San Diego! When you do, let me help you find your new home!
How about smoothly shaded 3D objects?
Hey! Aren't you supposed to be out of town??
Getting so stressed and nervous for Thursday
Sparty is in trouble!
Delish!! Hot spots to check out: in The Cosmopolitan - BEST Bamboozled milkshakes & for BEER!
Its a wrap on A VERY STRANGE MAN! Quite possibly one of the funnest projects ive had the pleasure to work on!!
At Brocach. Live music - Irish style downstairs. Somewhat strangely, Guitar Hero upstairs (a bit loud).
Heading to Midway for the #bmorebookfest! Little nervous!
that's not true.
Thanks for noticing!
lots of yawning :)
E-reader petting zoo creates a dynamic hands-on learning experience to the e-book/e-reader session this afternoon. Bruss
Let me get off this computer.
You're welcome! I love reading other people's stories! (Guess that's why we're writers!<g>)
So, who else is up??
The Los Angeles
#WFFConf12thrilled to be having social connections with amazing Social changers/leaders
Lucy in the sky with diamods.
The Chicago Music Festival Coming Soon...
no. But they need to get back to sac state.
the basic PLOT: pickles, lettuce, onion, tomato
"I aint go to high school, i went to school high"
video photoshoot at the fire station! We just took pics with a fire truck! Hope we get in the video!
Lmao, Alesha! I noticed it was on and planned on tweeting you too lol I think of you every time... Never fails.
shut your dumbass up, nobody in there right mind will do any of that shit you speaking
. grilling Brietbart stooge re O w "radical" professor @ Harvard diversity rally but why cover nonstory?
What a beautiful day for a Brewer game! Go Crew!!!!
Big things to come
Finally boarding to key west, about time!
Oprah Winfrey~ The whole point of being alive is to evolve into the complete person you were intended to be.
my phone hasn't been ringing off the hook this morning - does that mean has finally stopped calling?
On da way to Canton Jones birthday party,lets go
i know i can smell 'em...yum...
I want a pair of Isabel Burlap Ballet Flats, and they seem to be on back order everywhere in my size (5.5). Must be comfortable.
I'm drunk
Settling down to watch The Voice. , you carry this show and steal it often. But we can always rely on your honesty!
Is it Halloween? Cause I just saw a penguin and an orange fuzzy monster walking down the street...
it would be awesome if you followed me! it would really make my day :]
Does that solidify or discount my observation? Ha! MT I think the paper boxes in the NGen Lounge are so we can write on them
I start with me eyes closed. Can we artificially open them so I don't start with close eyes? Or do someting?
come visit Missouri!!!!!
Louisville is MUCH better when you are in it !!! Please don't GO !!!!!!!!!
thanks for the compliment on the shoes! My girlfriend (CeCe) says they make me look like a 15 year old skateboarder. :(
What do you mean we run another gaming community website that has a pretty big To Do list? :-p Next for a touch-up
Back home. Good ole Pennsylvania! :)
Vick is back as a guest in his old houst
Nobody ever told me playing with data sets was this much fun.
I'll put my big Loufa wherever you need me to Michelle! Just tell me where it would feel the best for you! Xoxo
Ah I love the sound of #rain while lying in bed :-)
Heading to Cincy this afternoon, haven't been in yrs. Have a casual, dining alone, dinner recommendation?
Thanks for joining! Happy to see more Emersonians added to the community.
Biden is making all these 'less experienced' people look better to me every day. LOL
so hard to find a job. huhu
I know what that means...gets the people going!
My dad was washing his car & his soap bucket got stolen dear god
yeah, I saw that. What a piece of work?!
WOULD U SELL UR SELL FOR FORTUNE & FAME
I got vcu at the 12 over wichita! Think they keep their magic from last year
: one more cup of Caffe Mocha and you're done!
Overcast, love notes from San Francisco, swoon
I want to start doing yoga again
See I can't decide whether to wear red or green for the evening. At least I know where I'm going to be.
Funkotron is next!!!
Wrestlemania comeback in the works for Lesnar.
That girl in that Honda commercial is cute!
I know because my job keeps me informed. Lol. I.e. Christmas program at church
Thanks Laura!
Thanks Everyone for follow me ... I will follow you back ;)
anytime gorgeous :)
I got a job!
send me those pics you took on your phone of us
I hate it. You wanna trade me places?
iight bet Saturday it is
Gotta go peeps. C everyone later. Thank you to my new followers, ngood to meet you.
Baffert's Liaison draws unlucky No. 20. Bodemeister still to go.
lol no :o ik u go to south rite?
I've got it - I remember bc it was Horizontal instead ... I remember I got 2 bc I thought my cousin wanted 1, I'll look 2day
I LOVE YOUU
FOLLOW IF U LIKE OR THINK U GOT SWAGG :*
Can't let highs get too high or lows too low: Isn't Empire Strikes Back that much better knowing Return of the Jedi soon follows?
Can anyone recommend a good Mexican restaurant on the west side? I'm talking a good margarita and good food...
Well here we go. is following you again ;)
Time for a
So how was insomnia last night. Did you jinx yourself?
& ill do the same thing so chill out Dawg smh . whicho gay ass lmao bitch can't get it . It like mine .n awh left me up n here
good morning
Nose looks good.
Best weekend ever thanks to my girls 💜
Um why do they think Justin is cute? He is far from it.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Before you approach the media, are u ready? Is your msg clear? Do you have something to promote yet?
We passed through a long area of fumes that smelled like thick natural gas. it made me feel nausious and then really sleepy.
OMG it sounds like heaven right now ": A tropical vaca is needed asap<St Maarten"
RT : Cubs and Bulls game tonight.. can only hope for 2 Ws for Chicago go
What's a tree book?
Hopin' I'm not forgettin no homework.
There is already an Art & Entertainment section, but not enough content detected. May be time to curate a Friday Arts edition …
": #TooMuchDoubt Troy Davis."When is he set to be executed and is there an online petition?
Happy to help...many variables is right!!
Sippin playing dominoes
What are we doing here? Why is nothing clear?
right? Basketball awesomeness
bry if your rap game was half as good as your twitter game you might get 120 views/listens.
Breakfast on breakfast on breakfast. With bacon strips and jack daniels syrup!
Thanks for mentions and RTs!
let me know. The elvisito is a winner.
": Good morning" Well good morning wood to you too ;)
...Mike Mullady, Don Matsanoff, Greg Thomas, Tom Fischer, Jeff Lyons, Todd Greiner, Phil Pelok.
whenn are you putting it upp?
Alright time to be sick today at
Except when they have breaking news on Favre's retirement, right?
Heading to Buenos Aires--anyone have favorite translator or city apps or must do's? Thx!...Gracias!
Another meeting today - looking forward to new guests & the introduction of our photographer as a new member!
Capturing photographs of lightning must be an art form in itself.
lol u can make a lil spread sheet lol
omg, this guy on the Mules News. LOL.
workin to birth this new whipp !! Ya dig
": CAPS AT 7:30 LAKER GAME AT 10:30 LAKERS SHOULD TANK LOSE ON PURPOSE TO GET MIKE BROWN FIRED" Ha, but doubt it.
I hit over 1400!!! Good shit twitter! Hit me up tell me what's going on guys and also hmu with new song ideas!
if u follow me ;)
I hear that Chris Judd's taken to dressing like Edward Scissorhands and listening to The Cure. S'pose that'd make him a Visy-Goth.
hahaha it was so easy. Magic Eraser, drop shadow effect, and save it as a .png. Will I be able to drop .png files on most media?
lol I don't remember
What makes you think blocking me is going to solve your problems?
A9 My buddy and because just about everything they say cracks me up.
“: jus tryna find out why are people so bitter”<<<< when you find the answer let me know
"When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on." ~ Franklin D. Roosevelt 1882-1945
Follow me. It's makes keeping up easier.
It's been over for years
I want tacos O.o
Love waking up to the sound of the birds chirping. Stays with me all day.
Enjoyed having you guys over. Good luck with the move and job search!
I am loving watching season 2 of the 1970s Hulk TV show!
I see allot of K's are you a nupe.....
Whatever you see you gotta keep a sense of humor; you gotta be able to smile through all the bullshit."
Thanks so much, Jason!! I truly appreciate it!
Today I am making my own fun by coming up with truly awful, pun-filled titles for a talk on historical beekeeping. Coworker is not amused.
Whitney Houston is dead? Fuuuk!
Vote for tonight !!
. I don't know how you missed it in Isikoff's list...."intermediate range"....it's a big deal
then what i'm saying is: yes. please. RT What I'm saying is I have food done today if anyone wants to come over and get a plate.
the law is the law, but I need to understand why a child would need 11k a month for support?
My daughter and I saw Avatar 3D last night. Amazing! The movie lived up to it"s hype. A must see in 3D... I was very impressed. Go see it...
is enjoying the very warm, sunny, tropical, and clear environment of the Hawaiian Islands. Swimming, surfing, snorkeling, and hiking!
That attitude will have to change when is your sister-in-law.
I can always make you laugh :D I'm good at that !! :)
Another new vocab word: 20K for a startup is known as "Ramen Money"
What is the deal when a human girl sneezes like a Disney princess? Is it real life?
pretty sweet!!
#Watertime is a few!
Rebound second shot 3...
This man suddenly decided to start using all caps in all of his tweets..
He hates you bitch.
Item-level describing in a finding aid and feeling a wee bit guilty about it. Still, will be huge help w/ specific q's about publications.
Yes!! I loved that and you should def propose it as a session. I will come if I can :)
AYE YOU DOWN THERE ☟ THERE'S A MONSTER UNDER YOUR BED!!
Natural Health Magazine Subscription, as low as $3.19/year: Subscribe to Natural Health Magazine for as low as $3.19 per year. To tak...
Melancholy men [possess]... a divine ravishment, which stirreth them vp to be excellent Philosophers, Poets, Prophets." - R. Burton, 1621
First Evotek SYM 026 Formula 1 Simulator Arrives in US after Receiving Rare, Real-life Endorsement by Ferrari Formula ...
#occupysd protester (who says he is vet and fed employee) broke into meeting, tells journos to spin coverage for movement.
remember us at rayovacbattery.net and usadeaf.com
thanks for the follow man!
i'ts hard to conceive that somebody like you, could be with someone like me.
I like two-a-days. Now I feel like I've had enough exercise for one day! Dinner with and Dr. Crazy-legs Wright!
When he or she comes running, tell him or her that your feet are sore and could use a little rub down.
LUKE!!! How are you, my friend?
Hello World!!!
www.thesoapguy.com Bookmark it!!!
Holy shit this rain...
#Inspiration is an energy that is always there waiting for you to connect to it. It takes #courage to notice it.
doing ok little under the weather but dogs are keeping me company :-)
just listen to say somthing! *TEARS FALLING FROM MY EYES RIGHT NOW* i just gotta say 1 thing iloveyou austin follow me plss<33
RT : KC Chiefs draft pick Devon Wylie has agreed to terms on a contract. Congrats
: Woo! That's quite the compliment! Lots of those in the derbs.
#ASimpleWhiteName O.J.
"Dominick. I dunno want me to ask them?" Yeah ( I say ) "Ok, god damnit! Lookin' for builders"
going for a run and then beginning training for my backup career as a professional sc2 player. Ben.Prime.WE
How is your day going, from a lovely Angel:)
Because only public tv/radio does actual history broadcasting, that's why. And why so important to protect.
Esp since it'll be his last in a Rangers uniform.
#ArtFact - English artist Andy Brown, created a portrait of Queen Elizabeth II of Britain by stitching together 1,000 used tea bags.
sned us over line sheet and info of your brand. to look forward to hearing from u thnkz
Lmao Touche on that... well i know of one in particular :)
can i go over to the elementary school, and take nap time all day!?!
First pool party of the year went...um....yeah. It went.
MIDSUMMER at is magical, joyful, and thrilling. One of the coolest things I've seen.
WINNING! k I miss youu! but I never see you because we have messed up schedules :O
Harvard baseball team>>>>
Work it! RT : spinning tonight. See you there.
Museums & are like two peas in a pod. Looking forward to a busy last hour on the phones with Reynolda friends for
By creating a commercial startup you also create social startup by creating high value jobs, benefiting the society
#Occupy folks - ESPECIALLY people of colour - need to get down with anti-settlerism or we continue to alienate indigenous peoples.
Happy bday to my good friend TimO. Funny to say it here because he's not on Twitter or Facebook. Know what? I think he's on to something...
Niu Valley Middle with
RT : Julie Andrews laughed at my joke and leaned in towards me. We are best friends now.
Facebook = Social-network? NO! It's an online-market!
not having my phone <<<<<<
HuffPo "PRIMARY PAIN" thing reminds me of RNC's "Fire Pelosi" imagery from 2010.
My love is in the Galapagos. If you somehow get this message before you return, bring me back a tortoise. Thanks.
Faith is more an act of courage than it is an act of knowledge: Alan Hirsch, The Faith of Leap
vanilla ice cream and chocolate syrup, one milkshake, two straws.
are u ready to get FUCKED UP? Lol
Is it okay if I do it tmrw cause I gotta go to bed:)
How have you been?
I'm so glad my assignment is due tomorrow and not today. I was running out of time.
#Baltimore,MD we need a Hunger Games advance screening!!
Thanks everyone for joining! Exciting
Holy crap - that's a great deal! Definitely interested, thanks for letting me know about it! :)
also those players were allowed to leave cuz transfer market was so cash rich u couldn't turn it down?! Beckham same deal.
a "total recall" remake? tight
I tell myself when Im lookin in the mirror, face it and walk away cuz you're no heartbreaker
looking good!
I'm sure he does. He's also a Red Wings fan so he isn't THAT bad, lmao
Engagement requires conversation. And good conversationalists always talk more about you than themselves.
Yeah, and a few blitz calls as well.
Can't wait! RT Just learned in news mtg abt potential BREAKING info that could develop in time for 10p tonight on
...except for the scattered guys in Argentina soccer jerseys.
RT : SKC>Yankees "Will be interesting to see who draws more..."
In Visual Resources Roundtable at #saa11 Also hoping for good summaries and tweets from AT/Archon
welcome to Twitter!
right chyea come to richmond
oh I bought a ticket lol they didn't take it
Me to the guy at Subway: "How's the new Pizza sub?" he stares at me and goes "I don't eat cheese"
see a doctor. quick.
The old bowl system.
Good run stuff by Markelle Martin
Never Say Never :)
RT : Make sure to arrive early tonight
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 43
FOX sucks.
The bigger question is, how much longer will Kim be on TV?
Happy Monday Morning, Twitterers! We're kicking off our Next Actors teen #audition workshops today at High School of the Arts
bout to head to my auntie house so i can eat
:-) RT : RFD happy to be involved in Happenings in our hood is where it is at!
Casting new reality show! Have a friend in a destructive relationship? Email your story:
Stop being jealous because I'm actually happy. You thought I was going to be sad? Yeahh well I'm not :)
More prep football action in the Hollow tonight! Lincoln Cardinals kick off their playoff run against the Gresham Gophers at home...1st qtr
George W. Bush just depicted how most core Republican "compassionate" conservatives support severely conservative
#np jah cure-what will it take
Any great fall recipes out there?
please tell me your going to be home for mifflin.
sorry, unfortunately justin bieber wont be coming to kansas city anytime soon. i'll keep you updated when I hear something
no I won't give up on us,even if the skies get rouuughh.... asdghjkl I LOVE YOU AUSTIN. ♥
peel'n off the police decals takes hella courage... precise engineering... and a dope ass getaway bike...
LOL!! Aww. I just love that song. It's one of my favorites.
#iDoit2 living the American dream
Awesome! We're always open to feedback.
Great to hear Sarah!
Tomlin with a STRONG outing! Great to see him pitch well!
Was up Twitter ain't been on in a min
It will Rain. There will be pain. Trouble will come. Understand. But count on joy. Morning will come. The Sun will shine. Keep ya head high
Happy Mother's Day from all of us here at ATM! What are you doing to make Mom feel special today - and every day?
Elevator rides with other people are so awkward....
Who needs NBA when we have #KU basketball?!
any numbness or tingling? Swelling might indicate compartment syndrome
Today is International Day of Awesomeness, which happens to coincide with Chuck Norris's bday. LOL! Celebrate your awesomeness today!
#fact about the #8 It is 7 + 1.it is the number associated with Resurrection and Regeneration, and the beginning of a new era or order.
So when you're lost and you're tired when you're broken in two..let my love take you higher cause I, I still turn to you..I still turn to u♥
To the 9yo lad who looked me in the eye to tell me why he likes my daughter: "She has a cool dad, & she's nice to me." Well done, young bro.
I'm so very worn out and tired right now
his outing wasn't that bad. He was better than Kuroda, but he was hooked too early. Hopefully he will get better next start.
Has anyone tried yet? Eager to hear reports!
It's time to be happy again
I need to see you guys play!!
its all good lol
Social Savvy Elite #smbmad #ford -
help us Lord! I have my music on and can't even groove like I usually do lol
Brunch and a movie
Hangin' in there! How are you? :)
#MittRomney, I do not want to follow you. Please get off my Twitter feed.
dikembe mutombo speaking at 2010 college commencement. and i HAD to graduate a year early.
it was nice talking to you! I miss you all the time!
The shortest way to do many things is to do only one thing at a time.Richard Cech
Second leg matches for the Champions League starting momentarily. Which are you tuning into?
oooooohhh..... very good to know. All I have is Red Bull and well, it's gross....
Right now, your website is being viewed on a smartphone. Will you embrace the mobile revolution? #Mobile #Websites tiny.cc/moire72
Angel was an Amazing dog & Austin is probably Heart-Broken. Tell Austin We are here for him. Mahomies got his back.(: <3
it's okay. Just be on the lookout for me plz =]
“: sorry I was grumpy I lost my contact 😡😡”its ok my icecream was good, I had fun, & you get paid
Thats what I like to hear! RT : was bumpin some in his car haha
To recruit bloggers get to know them. Comment on their blogs and retweet their posts
Rest!!!!!not yet...work on commercials...Talk about that later......."Funny Stuff...like... ha.... ha"
I decided I'm going!! I think my dad may comee with me if not its jus me n my baby girl!!!! She's so excited!!;)
Dr.Angelou called him"genius--maybe"; actually,she's trying 2 get him2 admit his ignorance. And until that day--our 'beef' continues
After a week of not working out, I felt (and probably looked) like a wet cotton ball on the treadmill.
I should gossip less.
This guy has 50 and bieber carry out his belts
Josh Smith emphasized the need to stay off of his knee as he did an interview with Lisa Salters while standing.
I know. If their's anything I can do to help, let me know. It makes me sad to think about animals that are dying because of this.
I keep mine in the freezer & take them before bed. No fishy burps!
Much love back atcha!!!!!!
France was a young black student? Who's writing over there tonight?
Try some in a gin martini. Thank me later.
. Oh, kolach, good idea. Know a good recipe out there on the 'net or have one to share?
I don't believe in the hype. I believe in hard work and discipline!
Hi! Follow me and connect - we always have need for your talent!
"The era of self-publishing on mobile is over," says head of mobile publisher.
Is a proud IPad owner! How does this thing work?
Last day of the Holiday Fair, hope to see you all downtown today!
Thanks to everyone.
Art & Science? Complimentary I think, then as now.
Davinci is expanding internationally! Need a new virtual location in Spain? London? China? Dubai? Call #DavinciVirtual today.
So Stop Askin Me...About The Hoes That...I Use To...#FuckWith!!
Four Loko... Oh how I hate you!!!
Now following !
s/o to all the moms!
good morning cuz! Make it a great day and be blessed!
I need to get more active on twitter!
it funny bc its true
Yes same torta! Come back for it!!!
: How did you score this interview with ?
I know :-/, but compared to some People..gosh, I so so poor! :P .. oh, thanks!! <3
hey thanks for drinking with me I had a blast and it was great seeing you
oh yeah oh yeah?
? where U club,cafe,sweet mangoes,busboy.n.poets,where man I'm in yo cityeee
Just for fun, check out the topics you're "influential" about.
Stay tuned...the winners of the MyHeartMap Challenge announced next week!!
WOW THANKS.
I mean I want u to stay on twitter!
Specials: Soup: Beef Veggie, Pasta: Tomato Alfredo Fettuccini with Chicken, Pizza: Sausage, Pepperoni, Onion & Mushroom
Great meeting with the #CEIC yesterday!
All class, that guy MT : Statement released by Gov Walker welcoming Barrett to his "soon to be third statewide losing campaign"
thats good (y) , so what r u doing ? xD
RT: its been a long and crazy trip... 6 years with #michaelscott, #theoffice won't be the same without you. you will be missed
Congrats to all of the #40under40 honorees! It our largest event nomination pool EVER.
No WAY! It's raining out, 40°, the wind is blowing and some eager horticulturist is out doing lawn care. Dude, I need to work!
The Forum has one..1604 & 35N
Shoot I wish. Sounds unbelievable.
And the answer is me. "Dr. Jones, there is nothing you can want, that I cannot have." Or something like that.
“ As an android user, that instagram app aint shit. Dont even waste your time downloading it”
#RatchetGirls look for Boyfriends over Twitter
darn. Literally doing my show on all those dates.
so, what, like 35 cents for a zing and 45 cents for a burn?
These alerts always bring me back to 2003. ": Great Fire Update: 2000 acres 25% contained. #Great"
no, it actually does not.
It gets more confusing everyday. Sometimes it's heaven sent, then we back to hell again
"Sefl-praise is for losers.Be a winner.Stand for Something, Always have class and be humble"-John Madden NFL Coach
Tried it, thanks for the advice! My favorite was the pork ribs
if ya dun no mi ah rudegul
Masters in Info Science with a concentration in Health Info Tech, Info Session TONIGHT @ 6:30 pm. Tuition discounts! RSVP:
That's a great joke!!!
My friends suck...
brobro, I have a sneaking suspicion you're playing dif characters during the show. Is that right? The edit makes you look cray.
Hanging with the radar late on this Sunday night. Tracking showers & storms as they move into the area.
Just a fever dream? RT ": Wow, didn't expect that, Don. #MadMen" i know, right?!
On the way to church(: just 3 & 1/2 more days until summer !
January is pretty hot, but September is my pick.
In a heart beat
Help you look good out there! Keep the head down on the downswing
Not a bad little video-- like the funny bits. Nice job,
Of course u and ur friend can sit next to me, undergrad. It's not like ur pointless and stupid conversation is gonna bother me one bit. Nope
tiger shot 74.. just fyi
Did you hear about the monster who had an extra pair of hands? Where did he keep them? In a handbag.
I just fly Southwest. Or I comparison shop on Kayak
Confession17: im looking for a girl to plant seeds and have babys
#MyPastRelationships sucked. That's why they're.........wait for it.........PAST RELATIONSHIPS!
You're too nice! See you soon :)
best wishes
you think any chance my #Ravens lay an egg today vs #Browns ??? No chance, right???
Yep! I'll follow your lead. ;)
It's raining..I forgot what that looks like!
its the simple fact , why put it on twitter it was our own personal conversation. Twitter don't got nothing to do with it.
I just going to throw this out there. 49ers Super Bowl Champions.
Everybody. Don't be gay, and check out ISOLATIONIST. Pretty tight music, and some cool dudes.
Cleaning up the logo and making some business decisions today with
Engage w/ lib users, offer them exquisite lib care & experience, mitigate risks to alt. sources of info
" Yes, I'm a girl. I get jealous sometimes, I push doors that say pull, I wish for love at 11:11 and when I say I love you, I'm not lying.”
If you love One Direction, you need to go follow NOW! help get her some more followers! thanks guys! :)
Giving Amazon Mechanical Turk a spin. Such a cool name.
RT: The has made my cant miss list. I love this community of people. #Ideation12 //// AGREED! Amazing!!!
thanks for the invite! Lol
I don't always drink beer but when i do i prefer dos equis. Stay thirsty my friends. lol
aww never feel awkward to say hi to me! I'm like the weirdest person ever myself, haha
Going to be at the game with us Friday night? RT by end of All-Star game for your chance @ a free DAP #Orioles hat.
I've used them many times, but as it's run by volunteers they aren't always online when you list. keep with it, worth it!
When I only begin to read, I forget I'm on this world. It lifts me on wings with high thoughts.
that literally makes me hate everything.
Getting a pedi 💁💅
Naked & Famous concert
thanks for the follow Corey!
I see you boo
Good recap but off on MD. Don't get hype ab some pretty girl, spoiled by Daddy then Don, whose had 1 good idea
Orgs scared were not relevant in social media
catch up dinner with
to a room FULL of marketers. crazy.
these guys have great customer service!
Daryl my favorite though lol(most realistic)..Hell on Wheels is very* good. Dark.. lots of plots. Miles O'Brien is a great.
Tell Qaddafi "Welcome to America", its not like we have a border system that can be control, free welfare, heathcare, jobs
hi chris. i'm working on a mobile/web project and need some design/creative help in exchange for equity. interested?
They act out and scream at umpires too
You should go to disneyland in july cuz thats when me n my Bestie Chelsea are going and I would Die to meet you! WeLoveAriana
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven because have sex with me.
You asked for evidence, is that inadmissible in this court?
I'll stay tuned. Keep sippin', lady.
Pat Summitt steps aside with dignity and class. When asked to comment, Bruce Pearl said: "Here are your groceries sir."
Awesome. Only 2 hours...
OMG what's your problem tonight?
RT : Learned a lot about composting from & eco-driving from at today's Lunch & Learn!
Big Shout Out to Leuzinger HS Football Coach Ron Jenkins. Coaching staff HELMET-FREE-TACKLE Certified in 2012. Accountability in Action.
The Sixth Principle of Kwanzaa is Kuumba (Creativity).
Sittin on the bench. CUZ I DON'T EVER PLAY.
you ok?
Probably? For New Year's I may need to bring a cousin in tow. But we're BFFs, so it should be cool.
Haha wow, men can be dorky sometimes!
Catch NBC 15 tonight during the 5 p.m. news cast! We'll be on with details for Evening at the Casino, only three days away!!
Ok, thanks!
no man bro's home from college so were goin out to dinner
Lovin' Vegas today. Its a good GCL day. (Gym, Charbroil, Laundry)
Stop by and grab some Sushi, My President. 1620 Market St. Downtown Denver's Sushi HQ Sonoda's Sushi LODO
is there presale?
it's looking that way. At this point its probably Matt Flynn or bust.
Great news, #FringeBinge -rs! To make our marathon an even 47 hours long, 4x11 "Making Angels" has just been added to the schedule!
i hope i will get to meet you soon maybe during the summer that is my life goal to meet you love you bella <3 : )
Lebron James will be named NBA MVP, wow good way to tarnish another award....
My tweet number 100 goes to for being such a good role model and inspiration and for reached 200k Mahomies today!(:
Watching these annoying ass lil niggas, reminded me how much I hated it
Heading out to the track to watch FIL and Indy Car qualifying, ALMS race and to top off a great afternoon, Joan Jett.
Thank you to the people who have tried to sabotage my success and work. Adversity was just what I needed to help bring out new talents.
thank u:)
When I wake up I don't feel like I do when I'm with you. (OracleAndTheMountain)
That awkward moment when a so called "Directioner" ,gets mad at someone for calling the boys gay...
I had to make the assumption that you were around a lot of black people... Which one are you at?
Anxious to get great blogging tips from at
I believe it can hold 40-50k, so no, but the idea is that by adding another PAX you spread out the attendance a bit.
$2.50 Lakefront tastes like full price
Feeling tired? Take time to stretch and relax (<5 min can do wonders!)
I was just about to but then I saw ur tweet that you were gonna eat so I'm like nahh, shes already full lol :p
is in search of InboxZero this morning - the bottom is there somewhere (I think!)
RT : Obama's budget goes down 99 to 0.
ISTA supports due to issues that fall thru cracks - cyberbullying
reason y u blocked me?
I am listening to dubstep
ah I'm jealous! What grade are you in?
You don't give away Three First round picks and draft another QB in the
Rec'd a Thank You gift basket from today! #SoSpoiled #I'mNotSharing
My school offers a Senior Year Project option - take 2nd semester off for a large independent project
the dream was too too weird to explain in 140 characters or less, a lot of running but I didn't get eaten
Being better everyday never push my self so much like this before
Hoppy Sunday! We are taking the day off; Hope you have a good one! See you Monday 2-7!
Oh, to be a kid again.. fml.
How do I take an Honors Course? Will it appear on my transcript? Answers to these questions at our Club Rush table! Stop by and talk to us!
ect* Physical copies will also be available online for purchase (:
wow! the thought of relaxing and doing nothing is really bumming me out
That's cute we'll come on over
Monday full of doctors offices but I'm still handing out business cards! Moving forward!!
and chocolate. RT : #AGirlDeserves a guy that treats her right.
they suck.
having one hell of a season. Should Boogie be on Team USA?
#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo each other
Me: did you know that a platypus has two heads on its penis? Mom: haha they must be very active. *LOL*
Holloway-Attaway How can we use our affective experiences with texts to create and share our own collaborative practices?
it's because we bananas love you <3 I love you onision :P
Find someone who can make you laugh when you want to cry. Someone who holds you at your weakest, and loves you at your worst.
yes! very soon! and hopefully it will be GORGEOUS out!
Thanks for the tweet ! Soon you'll also be able to get us live on your mobile devices. Stay tuned & Thanks for Watching!
Or Ruger I suppose.
What the deuce is this Twitter? So and So and So and so and 49 others have stories for me email? One of these tweets is from May 9th
wow my coffee sure taste differenct from an hour ago what the heck happens to it as it sits? lol
no not at all just wondering where all the fans came from that's all
My Kindle Fire has the Hanging with Friends Cheat app available, but it doesn't have the Hanging with Friends app. Huh?
#Question Who is your favorite Phillie?
would like to get some sample pens for my classroom? Is that possible!;)
Imma be exhausted in the morning, just great
is there a number I can call to actually get help?
I don't know about you, but I always appreciate the warm and caring messages I receive from large, multinational corporations on my birthday
: RT : Rivera said he decided in his hotel room last night that this isn't the end. "Miracles happen," he said
Hey fans/soldiers, Keep Calm & Carry On. Eddie will be fine & the band as well.
Life is a book and you are its author. You determine its plot and pace and you—only you--turn its pages. – Beth Mende Conny
Text DAL173 to 61721 right now to help win a Dallas Observer Music Award! If we win, $10 off tickets for 24 hours!
u lock awesome baby, for real.
Should Obama waste his time on the Olympics?
I'll only have a brief layover in town the weekend of the IIT Hackathon, but will try to get there for a while!
Just Walk has a new website! Please tell your four-legged friends to get on the internet and check it out. Many thanks to
is it cold in my house?
haha.... just for you.
lol. Well, again, congrats. Alternative medicine or not, 90+ pounds lost is awesome!
If you refer to your #ChristianLouboutin heels as 'red bottoms,' you don't deserve to own them....
Congrats, on an amazing race this weekend!
Micheals last day episode of the office still gets me
RT So I'm sorting through the collection basket booty and I found..ready for this?... a hermit crab & a tooth! WTF!
Okay those tiny chihuahuas are cute....
anything that's not in tip-top condition and bring it on over! If you don't have time to wait, you can just drop off your gear too!
Also friends tweet at us and say whats up Yo ya dig...
It would be seriously cool to get a cash windfall right now. C'mon windfall. C'mon.
make a new cover :)
I want a weird al accordion
I stop RT alot cuz my grandma told me she was tired of seeing dat shit on her timeline. So just search my mentions.
Sorry dear, long week of holiday/family festivities! I'm going to Bikram Sat. 8AM, let me know if you're interested!
Day 1 0750: Just spent 15 minutes sharpening pencils.
a thank u is good :p haha
Emotionally: I'm done. Mentally: I'm drained. Spiritually: I feel dead. Physically: I smile.
I wonder if Liam Payne uses sporks..bcuz yanno its half spoon..
Oh my goodness I think I'm on caffine overload! I feel like I'm super charged and my mind is in full throttle!
Watching the Leonardo da Vinci special on right now! Super fascinated. We've followed this since studying in Florence! -CK
Tired, awesome fun with the amazing team on
People can temporarily fake it, but In order to get what u want u have to be willing to do what nobody else is willing to do.
josh you dont got friends
Thank you and same to you!
I love the signs on LA highways that tell you how long it takes to get to certain places. Reminds me of waiting in line for a Disney ride
That is just awful. I'm speechless.
How many servings per jug?
Tiger considers following Kevin Na in advertising a namesake element on his shirt,but he cant decide if Argon or Radon is the better hot gas
Next time I see him I'm taking a pic!
Hey Everyone! Some person is posting horrible things about you...
You get my Facebook
Craig Gentry of the #Rangers has successfully stolen every base he's attempted - 14 out of 14 - the best rate in
RIP Joe Fraizer!!
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
hahaha I know I need some inspiration in my life...yet you choose to reply to one that is not inspirational?!??
:) RT : #winning! re: But, like veggies, it's good for you! RT : Hill running is not fun
is so what i needed on such a chaotic rainy day. it is a must visit site. simply lovely.
I'm good all day till 6:30 presentation then I'm done with that class
Watching this weird but interesting movie call perfume
I wanna try a placebo experiment on someone
What's up ;o)
I aint even gone lie and say I got hacked, I bet u make noises
Will li'l Timbit be welcomed by his siblings Dunkie and Krisp, I wonder?
ok brofers can we go on a mystery tour
Oh GREAT!!! My tires may be dry rotted......
cheer up champ, your beautiful.
That one text convo from last night >>> 😏
: thanks for RTs and follows!
can u been my 300 followers plz I woud really be happy thanks : D
I ship you with Zayn! omg, you guys would be the cutest couple .. :o
Vote today! Polls open until 8pm..Let's demonstrate with high voting numbers just how politically engaged we are in WI!!!!
i hate those moments when my sister tries to tell me about her hw and i really just cant be bothered cos i want to go to bed
says he'll hold 50 community meetings and will have equitable distristibution of infrastructure dollars.
i think you dig our new stuff :)
(1/2) I grew up rooting for Maryland players and Jordan of course. When the bullets moved to DC....
We're all in this together.
#Weeding in the BFs. Some dusty stuff in there.
Today, we raise our voices for all who risk their lives for the idea that no one should be silenced.
The Blue Angels are ripping through the skies this afternoon.
Agree. Sometimes level of HS competition does matter.
Dreams r our fruit of life, its our job to make them alive, once we stop having them we stop living and start dying. Chance your dream
you are only allowed to date nice jewish boys.. so not avi lol
Ok now will the REAL fight ever happen? And we all know what I'm talking about.
Another BSB song?! I need to start shopping at your Ralphs.
#FF Best sources for #WV News on twitter:
Man they really are charging aren't they?
I just printed my boarding pass to a PDF and some strange Southwest logo watermark showed up. Is that supposed to happen?
So many subscribe 2belief English &math can b learned outside meaningful context. Skills not learned in isolation!
hello beautiful followers(: ~ helen :)
Meant to say- theatre games , cobalt 500
up an hour ago- couldnt sleep- thinking of you.
Karen - "I just don't want anyone to get hurt." Rebecca - "Well then let's get out of show business Karen." - Best line
Another kick ass spin class... Waiting for the sauna/steam room to reopen to relax my muscles. Then errands/Car wash. Drinks(later)
Good excuse for a coffee break...
So over living in Seattle. Europe take me back.
Bored in english &loves hoe the teacher leaves us haha free period
happy high five day!
and Surfers are so dope! Hang loose boys!
just realized im in avi.
Twitter's suggestion engine is terrible if it asked me to follow
Enjoy the day!
I like the Oxygen Show: Snapped
I hear that. It's all shiny outside.
I just threw up wow.
Happy Birthday!!!!
The #EnergyEfficient ROOF SOLUTIONS products we use deliver reflectivity that meets or exceeds Cool Roof Rating Council (CRRC®)
Tell us, what song should DC jam to?!
Damn. It was the MCL for me. ACL is fine thankfully. RT : But let's not blow out our ACLs jumping to conclusions
you are salty as hell!
Time to chill :)
digging in to #OpenID & #OAuth on #appengine thanks to
you crack me up. "it's about the site, not me."
There should be a sarcasm emoticon
did they allow open communications? If so, did a lot speak?
What cooler than being cool?
JEEZ!!!!! How many people were there? :o
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend-
you should follow me that way we can direct message all day long and become best friends! :) That way you can do something!
Just another amazing day. RETWEET if you feel the same way. #ColeHart #Atlanta #UrbanFiction #Streetlit .
Jesus saves.
Fuuuuuccck! My mom's boyfriend is a dumb mothafucking beaner man! So is my mom for listening to him. Stupid people in this world.
Survived Fargo blizzard & now safely in Minneapolis.Grabbin a late dinner @ 8th St Grill.Marketing kickd my butt 2day. #beer&burgerplease
Balance the informed intelligence of your thoughts with the practical effectiveness of your actions. Thought without action is not worth mu…
Aw man, I'm working that night. Is there any other time that might work for you?
Jane Lynch looks great -- and launches into lesbian comedy bit.
hey! I'm back on twitter, I donated a photo to your Dad's auction for charity at Harley Davidson :) How are ya?
Wishing you a beautiful day. May this day bring you Joy, Gratitude and Rebirth as we enter the New Year! Much love and blessings!
Man this thunder lakers game feels like its coming on way too late, damn west coast games
I really need some sleep.. If I don't get some sleep people tend to bother me:/
So I thought I would take vacation only to find business picking up. Mo money mo money mo money
For that negative comment I sneezed so hard I felt like I broke my jaw and rib -__-
Yay #OctFC RT : A big welcome to our new team member , another good follow in the celeb/brand space
And I REALLY want an opinion/answer to my question plz
“: have a good time kids” thanks BT, wish you were here with us.
we didn't say ALL cases are bull, just that people use it as an excuse... duh!
Dick Clark dead at 82. Yet he'll continue to do the countdown on New Year's Rockin' Eve. It's in his will. Sorry Seacrest.
MUSES: I think CORNY FAMILIES are adorable u know the kind! Dey give each other prizes&ribbons 4 stupeshit like: "BEST DRESS FOR THE WEEK"!
Get ya shit together, bro.
Should I hoop next year ??
ESPN should take sports nation off the fucking air the hosts are clowns and don't know wtf they are talking about shows a joke
finally saw #TheAvengers. My god, it was an assembly line of awesome!
after watching mratha stewarts show for 5 mins, ive come to the conclusion that we are complete polar opposites.
Is it me, or is automatons really creepy?!
1) buy cheese 2) melt cheese 3) eat cheese
yeah! they can be best friends! awww.
Lol!! RT : This fool wins the award for idiot of the year!!
BIG Dolphin weekend continues TODAY at 1pm when Coach McCord and the Womens Lax team hosts Siena at 1pm in 2012 home opener!
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Four Bean Salad 4.62 / 5 Stars | 11 Reviews by Kathleen White "If you are a bean aficionado, you'll love this sa
Friends with Benefits Party is tonight! Live art, performances, DJ, Raffles and drinks. $10 donation www.turkeyandfriends.org for more info!
Finally done studying! Listening to some Justin Bieber before going to bed.
Ratatouille is a fantastic film
RT : RT : An inspirational, heart warming story about a new mothers journey through breast cancer....
cause its funny. and true!!! except for the drug part i stopped!
Send some cool bands my way my pandora needs some more flavah
Morning. Rough getting that energy up today but gotta 2 it. I cannot wait 2 view a lil rome tennis later. Curious about that 105.1 interv.
France is nice to but Prague is the place to go visit lots going on there.
your guesses are all wrong so far so here's one last clue: betudonthavetolooktoofardowntheOPRratingstofigureitout
Stay strong New York! Portland is with you!
how ya doing??
It isn't possible to love & part, you can transmutate love, ignore it, muddle it, but you can never pull it out of you, Love is eternal. 
Another day another dollar.
just trying to figure out if my sister should do modeling with me?? What do you think look on my timeline please yes or no
wonderful wig!
Who else be laying in bed all comfy, wondering if it's worth it to get up and go pee?
Madonna just sacrificed herself for world peace
I want to sleep in but I have work.
Thank you for the birthday wishes! Excited to spend my birthday tonight amongst my closest friends. See you tonight!
#FOLLOWMEKIANLAWLEY i voted... I deserve it
Everyone defends her hair. Nobody defends her idiotic statements.
RT : We're about to start the live U-Stream of my cupcake decorating demo at the event!! Watch live here:...
That's amazing fabric! Did you design it?
I'm always a little ahead
They're awesome. RT : Yay for Easiest way to get rid of old sofas, *and* they'll get it to charity. Worth the $$.
Partly cloudy. High chance of PR! RT : Manhattan Half in less than two weeks! What's your weather prediction?
Congrats LeBron James... Here's your Kia & a trophy!
at least it was your undershirt, underwear might have been a little more uncomfortable
This is the perfect spot for me today to get some blogging done. Hoping to head over soon!
haha that happens to me all the time! XD
Defeat never comes to any man until he admits it. -Josephus Daniels
Twitting, watching tv.. at the same damn time... Lol
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy caroline~ hope you had a fab day~ love you so much my dear buddy <3
Is anyone else getting a lot of Romocalls? I guess things must be pretty bad in Dallas.
So many more iPads at this year's #podhbcu conference!
God I love archives. #saa10 reaffirms this for me year after year.
I really like the injection of two highly motivated mid-major (hate that phrase) coaches for UofL. Avoid complacency after a huge run.
Social House Tomorrow night!!!! Setup your reservations thru me and you'll get 50% off your bill on Wednesday Night! 7027506103
no Saturday is safe!
Well im leaving for Wisconsin tomorrow morning..... Whos going to miss me? probably no one O: o well
Finished cleaning the bathroom. Now I need to mop :p
Going on a romantical date with
So Vampire Diaries is tommorw #GottaLoveTeamStefan :*
RAN BITCH RAN HE GOIN TO EAT U
dang. My mom lives 1 hr and 20 min. I live with my bf's mom.
Ate..now I'm sleepy again
