that's just wrong! Are you paying? Hell, if you are paying, I'll mow it!
Trying to get a Kent bobblehead, i cant decide
Yes, it's actually really good. RT : Should I download Adam Lambert's new album?
Thankful I live in the United States because I am
Last Chance to submit your Feel Life entry!
#bettywhite always bringin class and good humor to the
RT : You can't exceed expectations if you've never established them in the first place << yes!
Thanks for not inviting me.
hey its the j man. looking forward to playing with you guys again next month
"We work to become, not to acquire." -- Elbert Hubbard
i went sledding. c:
That's the reason for the question mark in the title! The issue is who gets there first in a way, so I want people to think about it.
Opening day
that's cause we live in a different reality than they do.
The Fray actually just did some cool shit on the national anthem
It feels great to be able to be actively engaged in both my passions as an educator and musician. I give thanks.
this account is cute, i'd date it
#FF #Music #Art #Dogs #Cats #WashingtonDC #Rocks!
we did that last week too. :( this week it's in post.
Sure thing, , happy to help
my arguments with my parents never make sense.
My value is not measured on pounds
It's official, I suck at soccer.
2mrow THURS come enjoy a FREE COSMO on us from 8pm - 9pm! **while supplies last**
Today, I will love myself. If I get caught in the old pattern of not liking myself, I will find a way to get out. -Melody Beattie
leave my ppl alone....
Determined to make this week as not-awkward as possible. Which will probably result in it being super awkward.
what a frigging catch! And I hate the Yankees. Damn he is good
hm... thinking about doing some xmas shopping tonite, will the mall be crazy?
I haven't felt this way in such a long time. It might be temporary but it feels so damn good. =D <3
please follow my new account ! RT!!
"Fall cleaning" is like spring cleaning... but in anticipation of filling my house with sweaters etc (so making room).. :)
"The Artist" discards the climax from the film's original score in favor of the temp track, and still wins best score? Bad precedent.
Or "sincerely, Haiti"
GoodMornin s/o to everyone
yea & if someone commet on it they get mad. U put it out there
Yep. We both agreed that it's the best program, best chance for funding, and we can make Atlanta work.
thats true man, that is the year they blamed alot of the collapse on Plaxico.
Everyone falls in love sometime 😘💑
Favorite driving song right now? GO!
Very tired from doing tons of studying for finals next week
Does any Political Journalists or News Junkies care to discuss the Pres General Election?
absolutely! I saw a job description that asked for 10 years experience in social media marketing (FB, Twitter, etc.)
excited to bring vibes to Oakland, along side and &
Today is the part that sucks about poet residences. The wrap up.
Hanging with the incredible "Michael Grant"!!!!
RIP Steve Jobs
Making badass website.
339,000 lost an all in pre other than that card dead. Had Anthony Soprano Jr at my table but it broke and I'm at 330 seat 8
#SometimesIJustWant my parents to leave me alone. They make big deals out of a LOT of things that are nothing. ♥Bretana♥
I do the best buns ever!
we love you! Happy Birthday
Google Beefs Up Apps Script for Docs
Shaq would be the dude who gets bored and gives up before it's over RT : If we were playing Monopoly, Kenny would be the hat.
Support The Plug Exchange by Jelly Chokehold; "junk jeweler"
thanks you too ^_^
Thanks for your support and helping us help these kids! All kids deserve to be happy
RIP Davey Jones.
Come cheer us on tomarrow night at the Homestead Race track for Test and Tune our Beds for thew Coconut Grove Bedraces 2010
Ensure that your general dealings with your #dog encourages balance and tranquillity in him
Hope this hug helps. Hugs.
From a transcript: "those of us who aren't lawyers are kind of afraid of you guys. I mean lawyers are -- you know, they can sue you"
dont feed me that American moral bullshit, no the fuck were not faggot and being black two different things girl
We'd love to feature u as a daily deal on Promoted to over 20k students in San Diego. Interested?
I predict is very happy in two years with TCU commit Jamie Byrd out of Pasco. He can be nasty.
Don't let stupid get in your way.
The complete, unabridged FORSYTE SAGA is now available!! 28 CDs for only $49.95! This, and more, at www.audiobookcontractors.com
Check out www.CigaretteCinemas.com for the latest The Mondays #webseries trailer, pictures from sets, and blogs from the crew.
Feeling sorry for myself and for society that I can't talk about my latest poems without being extremely vulgar as they are vulgar.
Dinner actually went good :) both families got along :P
Frances Richard reads w/ Miranda Mellis this Friday the 23rd at Unnameable Books in Brooklyn.
Sitting on my porch making websites at 4 am?
music as usual!!! And thx for asking btw!!!!
Shheesshh. Don't have a hernia!
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)12
Why, yes, I would rather be asleep, thank you....
What is Q8?
R.I.P MCA it will never be the same without you
Hey guys were in skoo learning things
Agreed. Just saying I've accumulated a lot of detritus in my FB friends. This is a good opportunity to start with a clean slate.
Happy Wednesday! How is everyone's week so far?
Anyone else see the illogic in this: "The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid pre-empting the announcement."
i can't live my life for nobody else's but me .
#WhenIWasALittleKid RUGRATS Was The Best Show In The World, And 5 Dollas Made Me Think I Was Ballin Lol !
Just got back from a great Acceptance Journey training at work from Diverse & Resilient
Holla i see you and love you!!
Great - let me know the details. Would love to check it out.
it's okay <3
stupid dreams!
- Okay Goodnight < 3
Agatha Christie "The secret of getting ahead is getting started."
Mercury retrograde go bye, bye. Game on!
Foley: 'I Choose to Be Glass Half-Full'
You got paid to say that, right?RT: Wow Black Eyed Peas killed it!!!
Hurt people, hurt people.
So how're you all?
We are currently not planning on conquering the world. – Sergey Brin
#rappernames When the world says,"Give Up!" Hope whispers,"Try it one more time".
Whoa...typing too fast...We mean Sloane's dad.
Out of all the Mash-up artists currently, I definitely think is the best so far. Been jamming that mixtape all day
with this 😘
already is. Belgium requires retina signatures for their citizen's passports.
Justin Timberlake got to slap Kobe on the ass. There is no justice in the world.
Nah....I took the last buffalo jerky, yesterday.
7 minutes left...
thanks! And nope, I didn't forget my password :-)
hahah, shuddup! that wasn't even my job, i did it to be nice, lololol.
no way am I missing Alvin Risk in Londontownnnn
Thanks for reading our book. Do let us know what you think.
Who does laundry at this hour of the night? This girl does
I'm wearing my contacts today.. My class will be like " omg where your glasses?" hahaha
will Grape and Bean carry your Rwandan?
We enjoy your tweets! RT : Thanks for the #FF!
Cats fed.
well we will be in town for your next one. LOL
Tweeting, cycling, iPod playing the best Prince playlist ever and it's sunny. Yes!!!
Stop tweeting already
That's a good post...and yet I aspire to the Golden Ticket!
You sandbagin' son of a bitch! You old sailor you...
i like your new video... You was sexy !
thanks meg!! Litle before mile 5 and doing decent!
I wish to weep but sorrow is stupid. I wish to believe but belief is a graveyard.
amazon's outage was bad. we get it. rinse, repeat and please STFU. oh and stop fucking using the word "cloud". thanks.
yo how are you?(:
the princess diaries is such a good movie
#Ivewalwayswantedto try drinking my own urine.
Mob wives<3
how're you liking Downton?
Classes are forming now. To reserve your spot, call us at 505-888-0747
i emailed it to you
So busy
-20 is horrible lol . They better act cute now !
White girls politican that's the Sara Palin
How many corny rhymes are left? Stay tuned, as Drake & Nikki Minaj discover & perform them all.
Wow someone just pimp slap someone Else for a parking spot @ the Aventura Mall.
whrn i ot home i cried thy night. i hATE BITCHES AT MY SCHOOL SO MUCH
Stay free maxi pad! When it's the time of the month Boo Boo, put this right by your who who! Stay free maxi pad! Hahaha
you're right, it probably was only 1. In that case...Gonzalez is leaving him in the dust!
damn why philly gettin ran like dis
It's working now.
REMEMBER you are conscious light, let it shine!
its not cause where human and where scared of that feeling we fight it
HEY A LITTLE BIRDIE TOLD ME THAT CAPS GETS YOUR ATTENTION SO SINCE THAT I GOT YOUR ATTENTION, PLEEEASSE FOLLOW ME!!!(: <333
Two shows of support for Candye Kane!! The first, Wednesday March 21 at Croce’s Restaurant & Jazz Bar
Haha. :] Nice. You are now special . ^_^
I didn't understand most of Katy Perry's Grammy perf. - or the blue hair. But I remember my Dad's opinion of Elton John. Uh oh - I'm old.
Hope everyone had a fantastic weekend!! Today is 4 gram 1/8th day!
Time to read something.
#FRIED PICKLES !
Yall understand how many THIRTY is?? The closest person got 11!! Smh..that's still blowing me
Responded to FIRE @ 167 Post Ave, Westbury, NY 11590. Red Cross auto update.
What's Gucci
haha, yeah! what've you been doing lately? a mess of video prod?
Rob Ingram came through for us today. The summit was amazing and also a beautiful day. And it truly was life-changing.
thanks for the support guys ^_^
of course.
just need 2 make sure buck is def coming back next year right?
For the fashion-clueless among us, can you describe mom-jeans? Now I'm terrified that I may own a pair.
the round red fox waslked over the tired dog.
My weddings coming up. Beautiful Milwaukee brides!! Oh and of course Summerfest :)
Janitors' march leaving, heading down Westwood.
of course you knew
Trust Issues
"Mystery is the catalyst for the imagination... There are times when mystery is more important than knowledge." -J.J. Abrams
I just had a dream that I was forced to eat a hot dog. Now I feel really sick. Groundbreaking, I know.
You all have opened our eyes to lots of things you go through. Were gonna keep makin the music that makes it a little bit better
RT : Whoever on the sidelines seeded #flipcams to players was succesful, huge unpaid placement value
yea happy hallowen
I am babysitting fuh the day and these children will make me turn old before my age
28% of Ancestry subscribers in a monthly package, 42% in a premium package . . .
I just heard some of the worst singing in my life on the radio. thought is was a joke but is serious. It's called
We are currently getting many, many calls for mosquito control in Milwaukee, Madison, Appleton and Rockford...they are something fierce!
Hola Sat..Shall We Rock?
And to that I don't know what to say
I have absolutely nothing to do this summer except for 2 weeks in July 1 I'm going to camp, then the other is (c)
Freedom by Jonathan Franzen was great.
Thought it was me
lol I was just thinking the same thing
why wait till spring? Adopt now :)
Morning peeps headed to work in the rain
I wouldn't be surprised if they crashed various servers with pre-orders.
YES Green Beer 4 everyone! RT : Les go #SatNightDanceFactory I'm up now hosted by Happy St pattys Night!
In Austin today for a gig. Return to the set of I Am Gabriel on Saturday. Shooting 5 scenes! Busy day.
Happy 420 ents have a wonderful day!!!
when do you think one for the money will be out on DVD? All the theaters where I live stopped showing it already.
It'd be nice to see some sincere generosity & have students stop selling their free concert & graduation tickets for insane prices.
Melissa Haberman, UW Colleges Financial Aid Compliance and Training Coordinator.
uhm...that was supposed to say CHECKED IT... :-)
I'm all worn out from HBO. Roller coasters and really uncomfortable sex scenes. Also, I don't buy that anybody eats a cupcake near a shower.
Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
Awww I have 2 very sick little boys 1 has #strepthroat & the other also has strepthroat & a double ear infection
I hate when I struggle getting my thoughts on paper. It drives me to such a dangerous level of anxiety. Gender, sexuality, L, G, B, & T! Ah!
you took the words out of my mouth when you commented on georges dog addiction
Ow! How did you hurt yourself? Feel better!
Hiya! Thanks for the follow ;)
I would define beauty as love, kindness, humility.
❤s my wife
it's true! good thing I left though. am now officially sick. boo. learn the words to rah rah rasputin!
new england date for what...?
We always have a theme. Makes it more fun!
Twitter signed a lease in Detroit's growing technology district in a building recently rebranded, dubbed M Big news for that market.
My mom is the queen of grudges she still mad I ate her last slice of pie...when I was 3 lmao.
Snatch mode ;)
I was at someone's house, golf was on and I woke up hours later not knowing what day it was
HA i just soundedl like a hick but ya
I will be at the Channel Inn, tomorrow in Washington D.C for my book signing! Hope to see you all there! It starts at 5pm
Are you a #Chargers fan?
That's what I say!! Ok, we get some more space..well, you should have known people! LOL! :)
Yes, absolutely. Give a place to send.
no i meant why do I live with my crazy ass family. But yes you is a
I'm greatly disappointed! I need some soothing graffiti to calm my ass down today.
13 more days till its your birthday!!!
Damn clippers playing like the lakers
seriously? Some chick wants 2 be a doctor & had NO clue until 2day about Moss? I call BS. Get w/the pgm for real! Woo hoo!
And duel pianos! Idol stepping up its budgets!
Happy Birthday Sweetie :)
Should've kept to what we said, we would've been better off.
Z has his work cut out for him. I didn't think macklin would make it past 6.
My stomach hates me!!
Nice, let me know if you ever need a "dodgy Brit" for your films. ;)
Can't wait to see what ?'s you come up with... Hope to have something on the treatment next!!!
thanks randy... :)
Have to go back to court at 1:30pm... the judge gave them more time. haha- for nothing b/c they have nothing. We have this case beat!
Amazing lunch with and GWSB Living Team! Thank you for a great time and conversation!
yes, overall a solid platform, the 1 drawback is the transaction costs at $9.95, a little high vs. comp
umma rep Texas \m/
created an app for that helps them document their events/trips.
LOVE ME
I like her friend though...that's Fergie bro
I'm in
Omg..got robbed the other night got some of my stuff back thanks to my bro!
RT : I can buy a flight for that price RT : RT/ Every DTLR store will carry Lebron 9 Elite "South Beach" The cost will be $250
That is exciting... I love Trader Joe's!!
Thank you, #Boston and everyone that made our Vertical Fashion Show opening possible! & many more!!
girl look at that body (3x) I-i-i work out! (:
Caps score!!!!
I want summer!
Before going to the concert though i told Donte straight up that i would leave him in a heartbeat for Drake.
gives a $10,000 to Thank you do much and welcome to the community Lowes!
I DIDNT REALIZE WAS FOLLOWING ME THIS MADE MY WHOLE LIFE OMFG FLIPPING AND HAPPY YAYYYYY!!!!! :D
Operational definitions. Key to problem solving. DMAIC MT : failure to reach a consensus on defining Al Qaeda never more evident.
lol I heard!
Does A Salvatore count??(;
ah ha! that counts!
i guess my lul sistah mad etd what i tld ha but oh well
Found out I'm going to the PGA Championship in August at Whistling Straights - Sunday!
Alright, but not too much on Queen Ci please! :) RT : whatever! I was sale #4, so I'm entitled to state the obvious
May the 4th be with you...Happy star wars day!
no cats will ever be allowed in our apt. Can't wait to snuggle!
yea! and its pretty much been amazing ever since!
You shoulda asked me about Lampley's show. I watched baseball instead. He is one of the guys is talking about.
days you wish you were tall :(
thanx bro! He's amazing and crazy lol
Had a great nite :)
Today is gonna suck ass
Two thoughts from the #NFL playoff weekend.
you want to use my ice skate?
on top of the excitement of having you on the show has just jumped on
Absolutely LOVE !
Awesome band!
I love u very much an can't lose u at all
We're not going to be adding an all-star type player into the mix
My teams combined for a total of 6 this weekend but I am on a cruise ship just off Cabo so I just don't care. Much anyways.
#Reedsburg Independent named official City of #Reedsburg newspaper, official #Sauk County newspaper.
I'm only speaking the truth(;
is more fun than a barrel of bokeh!
no true..I like the bulls and the clerics
I promised my best friend we will go to the #Pool today its #Sunny out there ☀ but I guess am not gonna make it really tired
'Every winner has scars.' -Herbert N. Casson
I love seeing you walking around but the minute youre out of my sight I pray you trip and fall
Follow me I will follow back
All the end of the day , all you have is yourself
Can't wait to get a mani 💅 and pedi👣
Thanks for the follow. Excellent quote from Thoreau.
feel better!!!
The same as every day, trying to keep up with a fast changing industry and loving it.
HEALTHCARE-Order your book today! Start your own healthcare reform now! www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Finally control your healthcare.
Red. Hot. Chili. Peppers.
another OT. Here we go!!
Wanna know how tired that work out got me? I'm too lazy to get up to eat. Dang
Today @ 3:Bruce Hornsby Teaches U Sociology in Song on the Legends of Rock Today At 3pm
West Kansas makes Louisiana look like The Bahamas
Sleep? Nah, Weeds just got to real!
#YouKnowBetter than to be cheating with your mans father...Smh
NO BLAH PAULA.
Now if only can go back to the old pricing....
okay until u get ur head on straight about whos better i wont talk to you
nice! What do you use on the snare?
I ordered something online and had to give my number so in the comments section I wrote the lyrics to Call Me Maybe. I regret nothing.
Right here? ;;
There’s no better way to end your day at #drupa than with a special performance by du Soleil starts 45 mins – hall 8b
We would love to have you! It should be fun!
Final prep for #GoodFriday message Come join us at 7pm as we prepare ourselves for Easter!
#EventTips The most important part of a Dinner Party is the menu. Your choice of food and theme can make or break this type of event...
Going to tonight with some hot ladies for a Bachelorette party! Love #roofdecks, especially ones in Philly:)
Reality just set in.
TalentGuard thought for the day: A truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery on a detour.
Austin should really tell us how we know if we got m&g or not for his concert June 22nd... :)
woot! the cake was so good I actually can't finish it. I get the same reaction from fudge too.
Thank you for braving the elements today and coming in for our fish sandwich. Hope to see you again soon!
aw thanks:') .. Yea I hope he does call :).. Aww glad I meet a mahomie lik you.:)
Just curious, why are you not considering an Android based phone?
Yes. A great moment with his family in attendance, and in front of Angel fans. Baseball connects people like no other sport.
I didn't screw it up, I made it better; Chili Powder Bitch!
We have performances for different #Chicago artists. All you need to do is apply to be part of one ;) We'd love to see your work!
check out my boys at , theyre doing great things for the DR just like is doing for Romania
Had my first official "Bridezilla" moment today...all in the name of Bacon-Wrapped dates for though :)
In situations unpredictable stay cool everything will play out perfect if you play your cards right.
just changed my twitter name to
gogogogogo do your thing
Invitation to connect on LinkedIn
wow, quite the jetsetter. have a great flight!
“: #Follow Back #Done #welcome” Thnx
my dog decided to wake up at 4:30 so I had to get my lazy ass up too lol
I can still sleep for another halfy... Eff
im cold
Pride is just one of those things, sometimes you have to swallow it when all you want to do is spit it out.
We hope that's enough for us to get our share ;) see you there!
Ordinary Girl + Natural Talent + True + Amazing Family + Amazing Fans = Teen Inspiration & Idol = Demetria Devonne Lovato <3
how many suits do you own ?
Headin to Muncie for Kyle's graduation. Got the D800 ready for some action.
my parents had those plates
"We all get distracted. Question is...will you bounce back or bounce backwards?"
sweet dreams. Goodbye =)
throwing at the head may be illegal off the field, but so is Ray Lewis tackling people! On-field action diff than off
Wow. Happiness is getting four 5-star reviews from well-knows review sites for THIS TIME FOREVER, my Civil War saga set in Chattanooga, TN.
just came in my mind #jammin to GodsGirl777
I'm available all of next week -- pick a day that works for you!
no I have this app that is called foursquare. The more checken have you can be major and get special deals
NATIONAL LAB DAY TODAY!
I talked to Bert wooton about him going to the berrics to film his recruit and I think its gonna be one of the best yet.
This is awesome. You have an amazing team. Go Team Blake!
Happy birthday !!!!
: Thanks, Rob! Appreciate the encouragement. Back at ya!
can u pls teach me how to be a SOCIALIST?
what's the most calculated investment you have made on shark tank and whats your favorite shark tank generated business?
Freddie McGregor performing LIVE @ the #VintageReggaeWinterFest TOMMOROW FEB 19TH Miramar, Florida. Live Streaming online will be available
Really excited to see Jersey Boys tonight! Haven't been to a live musical in ages!
Fighting back all these mixed feelings.
so today i have a "field trip" from school to lowes (pretty much just walking up a hill)
Kirk Cameron should move in with Arnold and teach him piety and how to keep his little friend in his pants
yes, that's y people luv him rt Yes he definitely is. That was very classy what he did.
That's very true
thanks for the RT! the vid dropped two days ago
I watched it this AM! It's sad but there r causes here in the US that need as much attention. The US cannot save evr1
:) we best be having our hang out night soon
Monday seems to show up each week, rain or shine! :-)
Got it!! Thanks BB...how often can we vote???
Mane...Um Coolin' Tonight!
Yeah! 5K down, next year the mini?
#LongShot Anyone have experience with the CA single member LLC form 568 with isn't playing nice, leaves out answers to half the Qs
Thanks! We appreciate it :)
go cuss out the principles :b
it was a lazy day/errand day over all, it was cool.
Alicia G. & Joe.
Yes, after the fact. We do have a few twitter feeds as a way to get out news fast (phys library-- Physics News) w/o web editing
What? Your getting married?
What comes easy, won’t always last. And what will last, won’t always come easy.
what about kazoos?
What up girl? Happy Thursday. #ifuhavesomethingtosay #textme!
'i would be proud to adopt a korean baby with you' - , the most romantic thing anyone has ever told me
Have a great day!! Good luck w/ your books!! Will want to learn more about Green Living!
Is that even legal?!
yea so wyd?
The Messenger cover looks GREAT!
Appreciate the RT! Thanks!
Jon, how is London? I'm hoping to be produced there!!! Matthew
Day 4 of the NJCAA Region XIV Tournament is now set to get underway. Texarkana/Navarro will be leading things off. Loser is eliminated
Working perfect 10 today/night, sugarsperfect.com, Austin.
let me know when you do :))
Q1 Easier to get access to the print encyclopedia than wait 2 hours to use the public computers.
Morning to you :)
Good morning people. In the words of U2, "it's a beautiful day". Wishing you all fantabulous one. :-)
consider it done
Using the line "I get money" is not going to inspire the chick to talk to you!!!
if u only knew, only knew....
Made it through my entire workday without looking at my Twitter. Spent my entire workday on Twitter.
Ha! throw on the Kevlar vest and stay away from the windows.
We're the Sunday Spotlight band at the Nashville this Sunday. It's a full band show from 630-730pm.
Just saw Ahmed Carroll was traded to Arizona. ...of the
Watching #ronswanson eat steak is funnier than an entire season of
Went out to my car, smoked a bowl, came back to my office, shut the door, and youtubed curren$y. Yupp.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand people in Walmart
I feel so out of the loop
Haha no way ;)
hahahahaha didnt get away with it huh
remind me to see you a link later.
It was great to finally meet you, Nathan! It was good to run into you, Steve and Ricky! :)
but I gt one now
that's wassup, anyway nice to meet u, keep in touch
I gota headache! Time to lay dwn for a min.
fantastic job! Glad you're saving some juice for tomorrow. We'll see you bright and early
Lol favorite quote by , "Let the paramedics suck you." haha
Awe, my video got a dislike. :(
thanks for RT!
I like the 'made in egypt' Lmfao!!
yea i will! :) thank you!
And I'll remember all the words to songs, up until about 2002 or so. Oh, and Smashing Pumpkins.
The problem with making 's really good granola is that you have to make it so frequently. Because you eat nothing but it.
Advice for a novice real estate investor
yes i did and i liked it lol
Did I just hear say "...and I want to stay here (#Detroit) forever..."???? YYYYYEEESSSS!!!!!
NO not a deftones show. But they played deftones in between awful el paso metal bands.
I need to find a job. I just finished school and still can't find a job.
Give a gift of a beautiful room with a Protect Gift certificate! Just ask us how!
How are things going? I took a mini Twitter break, but I'm back now :)
Happy Sunday! Here in Portland, OR we are still under cloudy skies and rain.... Who is lucky to get the sunshine today?
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. Jim Rohn
We can't wait to see how 's mud-paint project turns out!
The down and dirty on the 'new iPad' Here's the nitty gritty on "the new iPad" announced by Apple in San Francisco today.
happy friday
So, we'll all have to go out this weekend or something... Cinco de Mayo!!!
haha that's true I suppose
that seems like the future of PTSD treatment as well (with a modified application).
#RIPSteveJobs You left your mark on our desks, on our ears & in our hands. Our thoughts & prayers go out to the family & friends.
Great news! Five more years of on ! Today is a good day : )
I just drank a bottle of red wine....on accident
Saw a shirt at Dicks today, on the clearance rack. Someone doesn't know the return policy I guess...
haven't tried that yet. Thanks for a promising coping strategy.
At #livestrong challenge in #Davis for #pancreatic #cancer action network . Perfect day
How is it tht U can rate service of the best cafe in town online but the customer (patient) is never asked abt a hospitals service & quality
flying out to Monterey to visit
finally feeling like a real person again
Amy Levine: #FCC has long advocated creative uses of #spectrum in #healthcare, other places to drive #adoption,
Sweet. Waiting for the bus I pulled off "novation" for 80. Great word.
Badgers looked great today in a tough road win at IL.
RT if u agree that kony should be stopped!
oh man. The implications.
Anti-Fraud: The highest form of control is knowing when to let go and hire an expert!
Happy birthday to my child -> 🎉🎈🎂😘 big hug child !
Bah--shoes are highly overrated. Unfortunately, I'm going to be on vacation next week, but I hope to get a chance to meet soon!
Gots me another job finally.
not really
get your life from my new bg
THIS LOSE HAVE NO LIFE TALKING SHIT ABOUT ALLI
It's funny how we can remember the lyrics to hundreds of songs, but cant remember anything when we study for a test.
long story!!!
Whole Foods local maker fair today. 9am-2pm. sampling my fave cheese bread. SASS launching their "Undressed" line!
I feel ya. I'm a beer league superhero by night and a cubicle jockey by day.
I find their noisiness charming.
I can see big cloud of smoke from Berkeley apt building fire, hearing that all got out safely
no I mean for the lady to turn haha
RT : Have social media skills? Offer to "reverse mentor" someone with experience in a field you want to learn...
I bit my tongue :(
Not all Internet web hosting companies are the same. Still looking around and trying various companies for a INNODB foreign key DB.
thanks for tweeting Livehoods! :)
I will be handing out pre-denied job applications and bars of soap to everyone who asks me how I'm "celebrating today."
so why none of my friends tell me had twitter.. this mans voice melts my soul
Coworker, as I put headphones on to listen to the BYU-Marquette game online: "I'd say this is a very manly office."
Cherry pie ... Is all I smke on !
"Retire a Champion" Obama 2012 Campaign slogan?
sure you do lol
How my legs are so long and my torso is so short <<<
I almost died off that one lol
I'm glad to be (mostly) vegetarian. Lard, despite its lack of healthfulness, is why food from the Deep South is so tasty!
Live on set in our very own O'Hanlon's bar on 14th and 1st avenue Length: 1:12
your commitment isn't full until you turn off the notifications!
You're welcome! RT: “: ... Thanks for submitting questions for the #AskAg chat on the WEAI!”
hell yea! It was the best. Remember kenan&kel too?
Has there not been an article written yet on the Knicks historic season of injuries? It merits reporting.
I don't think I've ever paid higher than $25 for a Tshirt. Something about that price point is easier to justify.
I like to follow all of my followers:-)
what did u say to me??
Flo Fusion Fitness is making Olympic hopefuls dreams come true... Join us on the countdown as this incredible journey continues...
Everyone follow 's new band!!
Turn me on ;)
This spicy tuna has got my insides rockin.
layovers are how I've been to most states, pretty sure it's not #cheating since you're actually there...just briefly!
nice to meet you too, Machiavelli! Thanks for reading my ex alley tales :-)
yeah- as is the comic book series based upon the movie based upon the novella. A maze within a maze...
You know, I think they don't realize how pissed of the electorate is with them. They think people will blame Obama.
true how could you top that? I'm laughing just remembering
I see that you're a natural foods connoisseur. Next time you're in Atl, go to Lov'n It Live, all natural, raw food eatery!
Im of the firm belief the world would b a better safer place if every kid had a backyard a hoop in the driveway and a basement of their own
Brilliant tip >> RT Pay it forward. Also, never become complacent. Always strive to improve.
oh god yes
Russ man, thank you very much!
no one does that punch buggy shit anymore lol
haha hey no problem:) and me too!
It's not set in stone yet, we're still waiting to hear back. We will know for sure tomorrow.
Ron Artest is a piece of shit. I hate that a worthless asshole like that has had any success in life. Fuck him, what a loser.
lets not lie. being drunk lets me cope with life.
I just had an awesome idea: make your weekly plans & clutter weigh-in available as an iPhone app!! (plus knowledge base etc)
#doubtful RT : maybe my boss will let me play pingpong once all my work is done?
BAHAHAHAHA so true!
I'm loving my bschool "last hurrah" but for the first time I think I might be ok with the idea that its almost over...
Wonderful productive day for a Sunday.
what's shakin my homie that don't eat #bacon ?
Congrats You were amazing and made me a believer in you! Now I have to redo my Olympic predictions! Keep up the good work!
I've got big ideas.
Beer cheese + honey roasted peanuts + blueberries =
if you are still looking for work you can come to the EPIC hotel terrace tonight and spin some old school r&b/hip hop with me.
How can anyone be gay and call themselves Republican is beyond me.
While Im knowledgeable in identifying and completing M&A transactions, this also includes the selection and implementation of ERP systems.
Word is good on The Avengers. Can I see it now?
if it's a societal need, which it is, then it needs to be a societal fix.e.g. broad based and stable. Linkage fee is neither.
Wrote a LPSE + IDT + Safeguard.... Thanx for your Leadership..!!!
Boyfriend video was amazing ! (: can't wait for #Believe to come out
Wat up bored ass hell
Thanks for sharing our Single Arm Plank Core Video. We appreciate your FXFITVID workout video of the week!
Pinkberry just came to Houston and it's in Clear Lake! Yum!
Class A slacker.
“: exciting, best wishes Hun!!”>>>Thanks boo!! 😘
Need to print a project or paper? Printing is free to all Sullivan University students! We have black and white and a color printer
goooddddnigghhttt it's past my bedtime 💤💤💤💤
Have you been to SXSWedu? Is it as great as it looks? I am considering going this year.
So true!: RT : - great time of year for the Apple Fest!”
Any great fall recipes out there? Last chance to be featured in our Fall Recipe Digest!!
Capsimax. Heard of it? It’s a hot pepper blend that claims to help you get a leaner, fitter looking physique.
One of the perks of living in Seattle: Same day book delivery from Amazon. Sometimes you need expertise quickly!
The Town
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something. - Jimi Hendrix
Last night And noticed me and said they loved me like 47845273948262 times... And I saw .
Phone dying
Not a good day for the Big Ten in bowl games today. Michigan State trying to buck the trend in the final minute vs Georgia.
Inside scoop @ the El Cajon City Council meeting from El Cajon Brewing Co. CEO Stephen Meadows: They're ready to open their doors very soon!
RT UCONN is the program & Jim Calhoun the coach that everyone thinks UK and Calipari are. Where is the media outrage?
My car tells me it's 101 degrees. I know it's hot, but I'm not buying 101.
thanks man working real hard
So Jessica Simpson named her daughter after a coffee brand and her ex husband's brother?
please follow me<333
About to put a new video up :]
Will someone please tell me why one of the top golf towns in the country, Pinehurst, doesn't have a miniature golf establishment?
Doing ok - overcome by life but hoping to get back to class in the near future. And you?
Thank you to everyone who turned out yesterday at F1 Boston for a fundraiser for Mass. Fallen Heroes. Inspirational, indeed.
Yoga class today- so refreshing and stretches everything
On now: Original Sin Cider, Rust Belt Peacemaker Imperial IPA, Great Divide Yeti Imperial Stout
“If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.” -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
My thoughts exactly. And hopefully it lights the same fire under Long Beach media outlets.
Isn't he cute!!? :) His name is Marty!
Nothing much! lol & you?!
is a scandaloua bestie she ain't get me no wings smh
Not a big fan of how Sully is laughing at these ref calls all night even tho they suck. Doesn't matter when dominating like this I guess.
Worked in Mount Vernon, today..Lunch at King's Southern Delight Soul Food Restaurant
Even God will forgive me for being late to church for watching this game. What an ending.
my dad's cooking something that smells like penis. stop. awsfikgwhl
call me
All the lights just blanked out!
Call me ASAP please.
Check out 's Livestream of the tech forum, happening now! (The Social Media Roundtable starts at 1:30)
So true! RT : A3: I also like to participate in forums like #ynpchat...let's me know that I'm not alone in the struggle.
Protect Ponds From Too Much “Moss” | Iowa State University ...
i never will underestimate u at all
Jennifer Wilson breaks down the percentages for digital project time spent: 30% production, 70% audience engagement
#St. Paul Council approves zoning changes, paves way for low income housing.
Thanks for the shout-out Sean. Much appreciated.
Drinking  at the pool > studying for my test tmrw
But...but....sarcasm!
Niggas who don't watch law&order don't have lives
you did, but I
New Belgium Brewing -- Fat Tire is the greatest. We need to get it in KY!
you aint never lied... :(
It's like this thunder storm has a bad case of turrets
Waking up to my little sister>>> I love her
Roll one.
What are you doing May 26th??
Her: "Shanie what would do if I insulted her on twitter?" Me: "1. Ignore you or 2. #ClapBack at dat ass!"
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend -Kevin
interested in #FutureofPD? Students are hosting a conference on it Friday. Would love 2 get your input via Twitter!
Sign in restaurant window: "Eat now - Pay waiter."
that's awesome.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live
"vivacious" I like you effective use of adjectives.... or effective use of a thesaurus (sp?)... :)
Teaching myself to be more Girly & lady like :/
me to! they're so good!
was there a failed EAS test in LA 6am? ALL stations black for 10 minutes. No earthquake/solar flares http:www.electricquakes.org
Our condolences to Whitney Houston's family. Her sweet voice will continue to melt hearts.
haha a definite warning sign
now I'm gnashing my teeth.
IT WAS DEEEEELISH!
shm dont forget to heil hitler before you eat
"Peace is the product of Faith, Strength, #energy, Will, Sympathy, Justice, Imagination, and the triumph of principle. "
Performance with tonight. Swagg?
If you don't have pizza and beer, why bother?
I think there is more chance that you will be swinging by this way first! Lol
me too. it's like, i feel so vacant...so cold....makes me not even want to get out of bed in the morning.
Windows does not detect a keyboard...Please press 'ENTER' to continue...
Thankful for one of the best bday presents I could ask for - the chance to work with my great colleague and friend
I knew that you were a woman to be reckoned with!
Just got a copy in the mail of "Life Without Limits" by Looking forward to reading it!
Eating with the team. Keep me posted. /cc
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. ~ Judy Garland
And, no, I didn't have poop for dinner. I was having dinner with my wife while my kids had a bath.
That was clever lol
She does nothing for me. RT : Can we, as a society, just please decide to be OVER Kristen Stewart already?
RT : Today in 1963, America heard The Beatles for the first time when the album "Introducing The Beatles," was released
Either do I anymore. Mine is all over the place. Might even be working a 16 hour shift this weekend if they allow it.
Long as he does his job, and does it well....who cares. It is the off-season. Everyone is entitled to a break/vacation.
“: Strikes me that "storylines & subplots" is more macro than "tasks & subtasks" and also easier for clients to relate to. #idea10”
Try rubbing alcohol
How was everyone's day?? (:
over this day, goodnight!
Watching Netfick found some nice movies tonight📺
u need to post some them doo's do we can see how it's done in the dirty south....
Why the hell doesn't Photoshop have spell check?
Damn I finally downloaded the crackberry application for twitter thank goodness lol
I declare May 1 the beginning of #comicstravaganza wherein there will be weekly adventures in shopping for comics and reading over espresso
Yeah, that would be nice. I haven't tried V'thread yet, either, which seems like a much more interactive take, and that's good.
We're sorry.We have determined that you are blacked out of watching the game you selected, due to TV broadcaster restrictions.
*Random fact* I DO NOT have a twitter....I know it's quite sad. But I'm not aloud to have one. ~Ashley
let me know when you start expanding in Portland. I'd love to help out!
I got someone else to take my 12 year old son - with friends.they are so happy! #minecon but he hasn't gotten the cape yet. when?
880mg of naproxen sodium. I hope it kicks in sooner rather than later. Thought I'd never say this, but I actually miss running.
Is it me or are Brussel Sprouts the new Kale?
see you at 8...
were you even a girl scout????
Prolly don't matter but happy birthday man
BUSY day today.
u should follow
Ah let's see how this goes
Can't wait 2 get there!!
i got totally new HONDA. oh and i also was paid $310 in one week... it was super simple owe it all to www•reportmoney•net for teaching me
Planning some time in FL w/ for book writing. Plenty of Vitamin D to help the process along :)
there playing coldplay just for you at the Grammys.
ah! The horror of having to spend another 4-5yrs in school hahaha
try and get up at 5 wit me big boii!
Part 4: Answers to Readers&#39; Questions on Financial Aid
David downloaded the new #HappyBlueSlideParkDay. I feel hip.
Your shirt doesn't have the TARDIS on it, it is the TARDIS only way to explain fitting that much inside!
thanks for have me on the show!
It's all good. :) How are you? Okay, I'll try that one, been to it before. I'm swearing into the Marine Corps on Monday.
Getting ready for my doctors appointment :o at least I don't have to go alone now :))
Help get followers! They're new to twitter &amp; are holding a charity concert with performers like Ryan Beatty.
cheney's heart transplant surgery amazing...that they found his heart at all! Amazing what technology can do nowadays
Today is the feast day of Saint Nicholas. St. Nicholas is believed to be the inspiration for the modern day Santa Claus.
We are glad you like the posters, let folks know where to get them
30% of friends and family sale at Diesel. Text me your email address and I'll send you the flyer that you need.
who wants to hang out with Christian today? :)
Saying "i miss piknik" in your photo caption isn't gonna make it come back..
omgomgomg #football is on my television.
- Thank you very much!
we wanted to go there but it was too far away! The song was a tribute to the great lady
Just hit level 50 on #SWTOR! Took me 7 days, 20 hours, 24 minutes. (about 4 months in real-time)
yeah I'm a girl, why ?
Get ready for an ugly week. #Romney doing well in polls is going to unleash negative onslaught from the "Hope and Change" crowd
Binge reading like a boss.
GM ... Looking forward to an AWESOME Saturday! I hope you have one too.
I wonder if web analysts who LOVE are paid to say so because my experience has not been lovely. My <3 belongs to
Awesome! Dm me your #. Not sure how much free time there will be, but fun to know you're near by!
Round of applause we got them girls that make ya hand clap #primal tonight
Tonight was one of those "hide in the biggest sweatshirt you can find" type of nights. And that would be my XL old school one
This is ridiculous, Washington. Get it done.
Wow. A horrible free throw shooter hits both. Pierce 2-9. Bass 5-15. Rondo 4-12. They kind of deserve to lose this.
Wife told 2 y.o. it was time for his nap. His response-No, I'm watching the race.
#g2s Google's Hal Varian recognizes value of skunkworks for innovation: not trivial to setup (and defend!) in a gov organization. Gr8 point!
about the same...working &skool. U kno
My God I love the
Fidelity launches two new stock funds to tap global dividends
I can vote and I eat Fun Dip regularly.
However...everything I've been through was a lesson learned & made me what I am today. Someone I'm extremely proud of :)
Not seeing tonight at white river. #wahhhh :(
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail! - Kurt Cobain
retweet this if you love your finland fans :)
Please follow back! :D
so get ready!! Lololol
its andi...wow Devon said she thought of the prank... she asked whta it was
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains. - Proverb
On my way to the "Can Independents Reform America?" Conference in NYC! so looking forward to this important conference!
I experience insanity every day
#WeWontLeaveYouJustin I will never leave u! The true beliebers will be here until the end! We love you! I love you!
i'm just going to hum "the final countdown" while i pack and run errands all day today.
Sometimes I wish I could hurt you the way you hurt me. But I know, if I had the chance to, I wouldn't.
“: Keep your head up, We win and lose as a team. With Class.”
My overactive sweat glands take offense to that. However, yes, yes it did. :)
don't you and have essentially the same followers???
Hey twitter looking for a sexy brunette in Houston well here I am!!!! Check me out alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
It's an incredibly broad question. I have no regrets. This isn't just about the JS, it's about the newspaper business.
While turning my TV off & getting rdy to go to bed I saw a spider crawling up my wall Now I won't sleep any tonight
don't worry--if I ever have money I will VC the crap out of stuff.
If you think it bothers me, it doesnt honey (;
Is there a word for when you combine working-from-home and working-at-the-office in one day? Today was a productive "hoffice" day for me.
Austin and his puka necklace.♥
lmaooooooo! That's pretty ugly then. Fact is I am intrigued by killers. I guess I always wonder WHY they did it.
GOODMORNING! now watching the very last harry potter, deathly hollows pt 2:)
Ok Im relaoded!!!! lets get you on some projects cause you are smoking hot let's do it!
I east coast swung the shit out of the east coast swing.
Happy Friday! Thanks for all u do!
SO LOOKS LIKE WE GON BE HITTIN UPP DOWNTOWN DALLAS THIS WEEKEND
RT THIS: Follow me and I will follow u.....
good job today, I came and watched and you were super fierce! :)
want to start P90X, but live in an apt where installing a pull-up bar isn't possible. Is this a worthwhile solution?
See "A Hard Day's Night." Grotty is short for grotesque & they *made* him say it. It was a made up word!
happy birthday
I am because you are.
Anytime, Thanks for the follow back :D
but then they fall in love with guys like heidfeld, trulli, who have not won anything
Feeling like a rock star...fuck like a porn star!!
haha...yeah.. I guess a little experience at the bottom this year propelled you to the top!
OK, point taken. So, who do I vote for, or do I just throw it away, period? I want to know the alternative...
haha only there to taunt puppies I swear
yaaay I'm not alone :3
#HTH2012 LoC does "scripto spatial mapping" linking data (all sorts of data linked to regions of a digital document) will have prototype
Building services exchanged. Simply.
Smith Barney answering your goddamn phones
Test geo tweet, again
omgggggyes he does!!(: #MarasAss is bigger then most guys lol
#wheniwaslittle I wanted to be like my big brother and #thenigrewup :)
Good Morning Beauties! Inner Quote: Apparently there is nothing that cannot happen today. - Mark Twain So create your day!
I love being in control of the jukebox. Merle, Conway, Milsap followed by Salt-N-Peppa. (K-Weezy is in the building! )
#IJustLoveItWhen the suns out
sounds like Shirley's mom was OCD.
All right ya'll we on and poppin @ TryOuts for my b-day. come tru, its $10 to get in & is BYOB
If I were a GOP candidate, I wouldn't want Cain or his "endorsement" anywhere near me.
I wish I had the money to send my saintly Mother on a European vacation, oh well...HEY MA I'M FUCKING THIRSTY HERE GET MY ASS A DIET COKE!
Finally! Hahahaha. The Portland Mercury wasn't so fond of that line either. ( :
The guy on tv isn't funny, just stop.
": Kids love me." Yeah we do! Lol
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY! I love you, Mom!<333
Seriously, how is Lindpere not captain of this XI?
I would really like a cookie. Who wants to bring me one?
no walkies 4 scraps today. got a bum paw. STUPID PAW! letting down scraps.
RT if you want A MASSIVE shoutout and a DM to INTERSCOPE RECORDS and MTV. (Must Be Following Me).
I took this picture <3
Can we come and take pictures? Sounds like a great event!
I can admit when they are bad They are 1-2. Plain and simple I'm still a realist That doesn't mean I'll stop being a fan
Who wants to meet at Skin in Scottsdale around 2 for a little HH & LD's?
Green has to be one of the hardest colors to get right.
MERRY CHRISTMAS Everyone!! I hope you have a wonderful safe one!!
Im really annoyed too.
Wild Turkey & Vanilla Coke. New video of me working n the studio ft. Add our facebook n check Self Serve Entertainment!
If I use a time machine to go to another timestream to READ, so that I'm just more well-read in this one, will that f*** s*** up too much?
its hilarious watching Dwight Van Gundy act like a worldbeater
Donkey Punch RT : Poll: How many pro boxers can you name? A) 0-4 B) 5-8, C) More than 8. Letters Only.
Get get get lit lit lit
If I haven't done it with integrity then I don't deserve it. Rocket up not down.
#Followmeontwitter please and
Had to reply to your tweet.
Girl keep dreaming wit tha rest of us! Lol
At the tweet up for
I'm afraid you don't have any physical evidence lol
you sure know how to #bringit - i'll see what i can do.
I'm taking a break from writing and I am restoring chairs from the 40s
I'm at work right now on 42nd and 2nd. Goin out with some people tonight though if you wanna join
So and #RyanBraun are teaming up to open a restaurant in Brookfield called 8*twelve, an MVP Grill. Who's getting a table?
Have you been hitting up any of our local farmer's markets lately? What have been your favorite spring finds?
we're all gay for you
I can get wifi on the beach!
sorry for the false Harper excitement I thought he was number one
"Was that an outside bird?"
Really not looking forward to putting all my stuff into boxes. I loathe moving.
:((((( that's bullying bitshes I'm gonna call my other bf jushtin so he can beat y'all up
“: # SHOUTS TO MY NEW FOLLOWER YOU #WINNIN” nall compared 2 u I'm not n da game baby u
Hi your funny..hope you guys are having a great night!!
Saw that coming...
many thanks- the rank and file graciously accept all the support for #socent possible. quiet trends move mts
Ohmy, I have missed you so much in my life. Yes, please. VERY VERY SOON. :]] I love you too! :D <3
Mayne! & just shut it down on the radio! "I put it down for the city that im in"
I fucking hate scho, thanks to girls and their bullshit drama they involve me in. :/ lame ass-ness!!
There's some good research that even students who fail an AP test are more college ready.
tells me "i die all the time in my dreams" eep.
Well its good that you did talk to him some(:
Busy Bee was DELICIOUS
Me & my brother is watching Go Diego Go!
#LTNY - maybe - but the question of value drives the dialog - not rates - otherwise it's a race to the bottom
tweet tweet tweet
#OnceYou go black you'll never go back
Congrats on the Harley! Ride safe and have tons of fun!
Thank you so much Andy!!!
My 11:11 wish every night is for you to either DM, RT,or Tweet Me! Or all of them!&hopefully someday it comes true. iloveyouu
Missing the crew.
how exciting!! Take lots of photos...Maybe post one here on twitter if you have time :)
Lol homework #whatisthat it's not even done at home tho
Make the right decision by choosing the Earth-Saver Bags!Contact us @ to get a free quote!
picking up dinner at Ay Papa Que Rico!
hooray, you know about it! had to spread the dyac gospel, just in case you didn't. *G*
I am pumped to be moving to Charles Village
Finding that ONE person you've waiting to find and knowing they feel the exact same way you do about them
From lived there for most of my life love it
true true , that jawn hot .
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities
wanna see a magic trick! :D go to my page when you click the "follow" button it goes from grey to blue! :o
make it easy.. Follow me!
lmao she live 30secs from that Sonic on donelson pike...my apt was right off Briley on Elm Hill
I have been told that a relative of mine may have illegally forged my name and took out a life insurance policy on me.
Lucky ass bitch
Someone better have a soccer game this weekend. I'm tryna go
about to watch Heat. don't talk to me for the next 3 hours.
I'm giving you an order woman!!!! Tweet me NOW or no dessert for you.
Extended clips thick chicks forgein whips exotic trips...
Post a pic of the ring :)
": I'm not a teacher. I am a Marine. #TheFew" Ok congrats. U spelled that right. Ha.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.~Mike Ditka
Pat Galloway is amazing. Love learning about the history of my program! All about digital preservation at
found ten dollars laying in the parking lot. lucky day!
Wow Eli is on point!!
Big, exciting, and slightly scary plans, no? Yep, I'll be at IRE! Hope to see you there!
what time? Is there a solid crowd shot of the attending Omeganauts?
we'd like to have him as a follower too. All #Colts fans welcome!
the fast green fox jumped over the boring dog.
ohh okay fine be that way then..now im mad at u
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
'Turn To You' has that Down to earth feel to it, a song that has an actual meaning and comes from his heart. it's beautiful.
PickUpLine: If you were a screen door I�d bang you all day long
So the new "expanded" WPT coverage is basically the same coverage as before plus 2hrs of ClubWPT shilling.
Shirts and ties when cleaning the beach, please
RT : lol The look on your face when that WAISTRESS FELL ON YOU #priceless<<~~~~lol girl
If I make millions by Xmas it's a done deal!
No one can live life without making mistakes. I've made mistakes.
Who would be up for a live Ustream show-and-tell of Akira art tomorrow? Time to show off some neat new original Manga and Cel art :)
I love you to!
Can we design (or retrofit) buildings using ductless air circulation w/ in the building envelope?
Is it weird that I think unique is wonderful. She he it always performers great numbers.
RT : Violent night in Milwaukee. police investigating 3 overnight shootings - 3 people injured. We're live at District 5 HQ
But others are so misunderstanding
Bout to listen to James Causey speak @ Milwaukee Neighborhood News Service 1 year anniversary.Excited to hear what he has to say.
hm... woulda been nice to have all this student aid and tax breaks before i graduated.
"Zionism" by David Engel. Great read, succinct, well-written thorough account of IS nationalist movement
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two
I missed you :(
Which song?
cheers! Can't wait - ill get you back!
And boom goes the dynamite says kevin Garnett
So is everyone seeing my avatar sideways??
Very bizarre, I never lose my keys!
Holy Santa clause shit did Frolik actually get a point?!
I am fine what's new
CANT WAIT FOR MY PHOTO SHOOT TOMORROW =)
I'm great! Doing deliverables for Berlin! :). Can we grab lunch in the next few weeks?
It happens.
Reading submissions! If you haven't heard from us yet, don't worry - you will!
Grinders with my ladies.. yes please!
Starting to plan new research on online dating + relationship MGMT online. If you have a question you'd like us to ask, DM me.
Dear Ted Nugent, When you haven't been relevant for 40 years no one gives a rip what detached empty suit you endorse for Prez.
is being far too kind! “: Whoa! RT : John Edwards is a fucking douche bag.”
I still miss my ex.. but my aims getting better
We want to do some great pest control on 8.6 #spop12 #bug killers
Random, but sorta cute.
I know the heart of life is good.
Mexico City!!!
why can't i send you a direct message?
Exciting News. The Harbinger, my first novel, is available on Amazon and through Barnes and Noble. Thanks to all.
been away for 3 months for training. How u been?
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
RT : Don't miss out! The half-off Groupon deal for the Best of the City Party tickets ends today!
I often wonder why the fuck I ever started following some of the people I follow.
i tried to be a good christian lol
US Navy Band "The Destroyers" performs LIVE today 11AM-2PM at the Balloon Museum Lighter Than Air Fair. It's free!
naw no time soon... Miami first
« cranberry & vodka with a splash of apple pucker Lol»lol does sound good!!!!!
I am almost done with Improv 101 at and it's been a great experience. I know I want to dive into 201 right after.
maybe it is all the booze and weed. You might want to take a break for a little while.
Same lady from back when i was in high school still works at Mi Hacienda. Surprised she still remembers me.
No. 11 on Air Play Direct's Top 50 Albums!!!! Yes, 1st day out, and I'm number 11. See for yourself www.airplaydirect.com/amyames
True, but for Walt Disney Corp to sill hold copyrights on Mickey Mouse (not an origanl idea) for years to come is crazy.
Taking photos w LUCAS.
I think they just put the scary parts only on the trailers so people can go see it
I like how my neighbor is rockin her big bubble jacket today. G'ma said she ain't f'n with this weather.
Middle School Library question? Is your library budget keeping up with your database needs?
Oh my.............it IS a bit early. Oh well - that's what holidays are FOR
nobody care bout yo attitude
Thanks for attending!!!
Yep. In the Baseball Encyclopedia officially as a pitcher.
is taking the TAP rubric to task for being too focused on direct instruction.
I am enjoying it -- I even had a dream last night that I was applying for a job as a comics cataloger
Tweet tweet I need to tweet :/
well either you used laxitives or purged? i mean idk any otherthings you could have done
dnt start with me big baby
Maryland says thank you!!
What?!?! Really?! Crazy!
My cat just gave me the ultimatum to get rid of all my fireworks or he'll set himself on fire and sleep on them.
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring inspiration hope financial support families affected cancer
Come see us at the annual Simchapalooza today at Marriott Cleveland East 11am-3pm!!
Second HR for Harper. Took a ball up and away to Center. Nice!!
Who just knocked on my door and ran away?
I love y'all. wish I was going. Frogs.
Shouldn't you be asleep by now?
Younger guys who date older women are not in for the long haul! True or false? 222-9800
You had me at chocolate chex mix.
haha, of course
Dallas's production values are better than Houston's.
DailyHookahTip#111: Put some milk in the base for thicker smoke. But not too much, or it'll bubble up into the hose and rot.
love your Bloody Mary mix!
stealing public transportation seems wrong, but it is how tonights adventure begins
Doesn't sound good, I called an ex that once.. before we broke up .. Now I see where the problem may have lied #6monthrule ;)
didn't realize you folks were here ...i just finished up the facebook API class with
You are going to see *such* a great show.
how you vote fam?
when is it? My gran lives in Huntington Beach...
I hate going to "Ghetto Basket" (-__-) lol
CONGRATS!! Out of everyone you are so humble loving and deserving!! Xoxoxo
Happy Birthday beautiful
I am beyond sick of being part of people's games. I'm giving up on men and becoming a nun.
naw not me, that's you
And...cue the Steve Novak racist headlines.
2night will break 3 records "HOLLYWOOD, RISING ICON, FREE AT LAST" 8PM-10PM on sikmixxradio.com (Tune In World)
1921- #FieldMuseum opened. It was housed in the building originally called the Hall of Fine Arts in the Great #Chicago Exhibition of 1893.
Well off to get my hair done todays the big day.
Every setback is a setup for God to really show up in your life!!
cooking food with
na he's good can't hate on the person u love
i been quoteing forever
#OnlyFatPeople Drink Diet Soda With A Full Course McDonalds Meal , Thinkin' iTs Gone Make A Difference .
Hanging with in gym! #TGIF Last Friday at MSHS!
With the bros at the Brownsburg Bowl!
Dynasty by is my ringtone. Today is a good day.
Good bye my love!
They do love it! They've been making me sing rubber ducky since I got it. And trust me, he already has it!
My cat meows all the time
Books & Thugs! And BYOB
RT : Happy customers now.. enjoying Fresh Lenguado/Flounder for our special cebiches and tiraditos…just
I had a great time. If I don't see you in Vegas this summer at the WSOP, I'll see you at next year's event.
RT FOX 29 Joe Estrada, Jr. has been sentenced to life in prison for the death of restaurant owner Viola Barrios
Today is my bday!!!! So excited!
Forever is composed of nows. -Emily Dickinson
Maybe the cause is not remembering conversations one has when one is drunk. Stop drunk dialing.
Choke-crying.
Be joyful always; pray continually; give thanks in all circumstances, for this is God's will for you in Christ Jesus. 1Thessalonians 5:16-18
This game is just stupid...
not at all. it came from the 1rst class, a conversation about marx & melville being babies at the same time . . .
Yes I know it hurts at first but
Use chckdisc to see the default partition size of SQL Database drive;Standard recommended for SQL is 64 KB allocation size.
#edulive Would add that Library Trends and C&RL publish some great articles about computing environments and students within higher ed libs
and i can only assume i have the seat next to you?
if you want. i messaged you on there
#9sM i really want those
So tired wuz does skol have to starr so early
Ugh...well my Stanley Cup prediction is officially busted. #TeamKings now
You can live your life on the bright side, but never live it in ignorance or delusion.
I'm at an international school in the Philippines. The long break is because we shortened summer break. I'm craving april!
Three days off and got paid today
let's do it after this week cuz of exams an stuff. What do u wanna do? Have u heard tori Kelly sing someone like you with some guy
Me too, dude. Guilty pleasure.
Those after school long naps > >
1000 galleons to the plebe that constructs a lighting device for and i's 2ftx2ft pitch black shower. And... go.
Best tweet ever.
Things are good. You guys will see me soon ;)
My 12 yo had a cardboard cutout of The Doctor at her birthday party!
write a paragraph, check twitter
Still debating taking fashion cues from (spawn of ) & wearing knee high rainbow socks with a skirt to school.
with my girls family! How was last night
I'm going to buy a king hat tomorrow down on south street. Hey, lets go drinking if you're in Philly again. I'll wear my hat..
are u scared now? I took pictures but they where really creepy I took them in my basement with a lighter and a flashlight
I wish the Dollar Store would sell gas!
then I guess OKC can't even beat old people with saggy balls
I don't have a problem with it either. I'm more shocked at the players who keep doing this. At this point, they're just assholes.
Girl, would you love me if I was down or out, would you still have love fo me?
indeed. well-said.
Haha! Yes. Especially because my PG shot 53% from the charity stripe. Felt so bad for the shooter that travelled on that play.
BLOUSE -SELF'MADE
Hands down, best halftime show ever
I just took the power pledge!!! It's so amazing how you guys want to stop bullying ✌,❤,💑
I have a test tomorrow and I'm gonna fail and get no sleep.
Non-lottery draft order goes by regular season record. Lakers pick for the Cavs will be 24.
Oh my gosh!! You guys must be so sick of skittles! I'll take some. ;)
I will if you follow me (:
#FF To my fav #Health & #Fitness Bloggers:
jojo what r u doing up? You have 2 work 2morrow no I will never hate on u jojo
I WANNA RIDE I-I WANNA RIDE!!!!! HAHAHA LOL LOVING IT:)
An awesome Indian wedding!
I know right haha it was by the vending machines
Bad: my allergies are creeping up on me. Worse: forgot to take my meds.
Everyday, you can get one step closer to your goal.
Doing homework is much more exciting w/ a soundtrack of the showing some beantown hostility...I mean hospitality to ATL.
Favorite Taco Recipes These taco recipes give you lots of ways to enjoy one of kids' favorite foods. Of course, you can make classic grou
Who the hell gave lady gaga an HBO special?!? They really really need fired.
HATE ON ME AND GET YO ASS LYRICALLY BEAT THE FUCK UP! BY ME AND MY TEAM>>>>
yesterday Alan Kay called it "Ma" Japanese term for "inbetween"
The pessimist complains about the wind, the optimist expects it to change, and the realist adjusts the sails.
I love M.O.E because its all about that dollars when people see us coming
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
Working out...
shitty.. what's wrong with it??
Who has extra coats lying around? There are plenty of people who need them! We are a #coats for Colorado drop off location
WOW what an honor! How did u get a chance to have tea with Mother Teresa? Amazing & very blessed.
Fika: Swedish for "our line is shorter than "
WHY in the name of all that's good would ppl-no, punks-trash for his decision to cut UK? Seriously!!! Shame on you! Get a grip!
I'm a dalmatian...NOT a cow....I have no utter.
You drunk?
Thank you :)
My smartphone has saved my ass so many times.
Is it not a lemur?
Greek Proverb~ To love is nothing. To be loved is something. To love and be loved is everything.
OMG looks so sexy on #Glee tonight!
Why can't it be Friday already?
I hate how bilingualism is encouraged in the workforce, but not accommodated in education.
can I vote for you
Dreams are only in fairy tales. #not real
Taylor Gang or get headbutted by Rihanna.
Custard: it's the best thing ever.
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.
umm "little man"?
Thank you so much for sharing inspirational poems by Houston children through the WITS Poem A Day campaign!...
Those that would stand in your way are only relevant to the extent you allow them to be.
It's a really bad thing to have Montero hitting after Jones...
Happy New Year, everyone. Liberty lives in each of you. ¡Viva la libertad!
oh I do. Let's start with low eyes pouty lips one
crying into your beer?
Doing some research on making documents 508-compatible in the U.S.A., i.e., able to be used by the visually impaired.
Thanks Jenny! Hope to see u there!!
spent the most amazing weekend in san diego. Was amazing. Jet skis and quad cycles. Insain.
you too?! come over.
Is it bad any time Lebron fails miserably it makes me smile? Didn't think so haha
DANG - she's caught up :O
English mid-term was Easy! :D
I'm seriously obsessed with the new record. Can't stop listening. Very, very, very excited to see them play next weekend!!
Got it - yes, I enjoy her works related to leadership too. I would like to tweet and/or blog - just created a Tumblr account!
Interesting! Small world :) Once all debts are paid, at the very least I'll find a way to rent an R8 for a month or two :)
The deadline for the Los Angeles Fall Program is Monday, May 2nd! Apply now!
Good morning
in addition to being MVTweeter is quite the presentation delivery / slide preparation ninja!
