Clean or dirty, We'll take you. estudio925.org
Thanks for the RT!
That's what happens when you raise an entire generation on Ritalin. So shameful.
If you have to be a certain SIZE for your man to love you, he ain't in love with you- he's in love with a measurement.
Those random moments when you notice a bruise and you have absolutely no idea how you got it...
So far I still have school but it's still raining n flooding soo :D
Bloody nose and a cup of coffee.
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
The world is full of Monday morning quarterbacks and not enough Sunday afternoon players.
haha. Just LOL'd. Yeah. Classes. Calipari. NBA draft. Does not compute.
Happy mothers day to my mommy! 🌹💙😘
Enjoy the Badger game All you can eat tacos $4.50 starting at 4:30pm. $3.25 Margo's and Corona.
who is that piece of prime beef?!
I'm with you on that!!!
can't ask more from Saunders there
aw well that's good :) I'm great as well. Lol I'm shocked u replied haha
Children's Communication Checklist-2
Well today wasn't any better really giving me a hug in the hallway in front of everyone but your girlfriend isn't helping anyone!
Being famous = having more than a million stalkers
Sitting in Naked Cafe listening to a female diss'ing a guy to her friends while simultaneously planning a date w him: she likes his posh car
Do you need more followers, likes, etc? try the site on my profile. It's free promotion . Hey lets follow 4 follow
Being in a relationship, isn't about the kissing, the dates, or the showing off. It's about being with the person who makes you happy.
Please follow only one of these: the tweets are substantially similar
Hi stranger :)
plus just as a tip... Pnc atms can give singles.. Just ask for 4 bucks.. Do it all the time
Since I'm late I might just go to McDonald's
Dinner at MOMMAS ON THE HALF SHELL !!! And then home to watch some of the game and bed !!
I hate dish! Raining no signal... Thank god for #tnt with that overtime on the website
Happy to!
Last Laptop Repair in Pittsburgh: Sony Vaio LCD Replacement
Time to put in work..
Since 12/2006, we have served more than 40,928 sandwiches/meals to homeless clients
My boys r growing so fast I can see the beginnings of the man my 12 yr old will one day become. He's quite impressive
Smh.... Whens the reschedule... And ya probly wanna make it a 2day stay if possible... Save the rushing.
Headed to Oak Park CA tonight with my Tupperware Love!
you cant even twerk!!! You cant even move it!!
chill with me & Liz then!
10 pts in the final 49secs, solid way to finish an ugly first half.
damn twitter is ahead of the MLB radio broadcast…must avert eyes!
understand he played at little 5 at iu
Here come the Hawks. The mighty Blackhawks!
I just witnessed a Kentucky fan eating a SANDWICH while doing his business at the URINAL. I'm judging the rest of you UK fans accordingly.
nice :) RT: : Today is the kind of day where I think I would let the Pigeon drive the bus just to see what might happen
Thanks! Can you tell me which you voted for or is it a secret?
we got this.. #believe “: GRIZZLIES BALL!”
I been around da world N er body hat'n If dey talkn im da topic of da conversation Now clear it out, clear it out I had it up 2 here
if i finish this verse tonight then tomorrow yeah!!
- ditto! I just gotta remember to register when I get back from this cursed money hole of a town.
is mourning the celtics....oh well there's always next year
Totally :) I want to get that too next year!
I hope Taylor Swift's new album is like her Hunger Games songs. They're simply amazing.
TRAFFIC update: WB Belt @ Gammon Rd. Semi rollover, blocking the left lane. Backups: 1.5 mi
#Smash is awesome. Uma's "Rebecca" is a Super-DIVA.
The holiest of Sundays is upon us. Let is give thanks for friends food drinks & football!!!!
only game I care about tonight......#NYR vs. Devils
what is a healthy meal for ppl who are highly active with type one Diatbetes and celiac?
New moon viewing party in the dressing room! Team Edward!
We have models in 95 countries and over 500 cities world-wide
what color of tie again?
EVERYTHING MUST GO!!..
Got to be rockin' both. Shed the long sleeve before sideline gb's....come on bro
Kobe's got 31 pts & yet LAL's this far behind? WTF's every1 DOING? Apparently waiting on a miracle. #24 nds 2 slap the shit outta some folks
Every parent wants a healthy baby. “Think 39” weeks. Healthy babies are worth the wait!
That was fun love the new track by and need to take their twitters off protected so i can RT haha
Cute is momentary, smart is earned, wisdom is acquired, but truth is inborn
President Obama at halftime. Doesn't he have something better to do?
Man my taxi driver...she was beast mode...that lady was speeding down the road so we wouldn't miss the bus...shes awsome!
:) MT : I am the proud possessor of an ORIGINAL Gustetic NASA business card! NASA prizes and Challenges Mgr. Follow her-she's cool!
Take a picture ..it will last longer...and you can have me forever!! #greatideas ha!
She is seriously a retard. How have you made it this far in life not being able to function on your own?
Hash browns.
We are using all the methods they have used successfully in the past for even larger crowds.
Merry Christmas y'all. Feel free to celebrate with me later at The Black Rose Irish Pub. We're open at 7pm and yes I'm working.
Thanks and you're welcome. I've got some more things to show you whenever you're ready. Heh
Chat with me people I'm bored as hell
fasho and give ya boy a shout out...
It's stupid how someone says they love you when they can't even show it.
Last night Fanny stole a PB&J off the counter. Now, she's angling for the Chinese food.
What do you think makes twitter better?
It's about time to start crank calling all of my friends who 'All-Nightered' at #disney24 ..would hate then to miss this glorious morning.
direct message
How cool! Not too long now thankfully. How close do you guys work to the cafe?
"Takes 6 - 12 touchpoints in mind of consumer to get to purchase."
chocolate cake all the way!
Great workout today with # power method studio.thanks anne!
I heard there was a big storm over there! Hopefully it doesn't get too bad. By the way how have you been/how is Idaho?
Omg im gonna die tomorrow
This weather is perfect.
After a bad weather this past weekend...Sun is out today :)..We love the Sunshine :)
Come see our leather floors!!!
Overheard in class: "DON'T think about dead puppies! That'll just make him laugh MORE!"
great idea dcdesigners! my work can be seen on www.alyssadesigns.com
what poop no
since you are passionate about selling art, out of curiosity, how is the art market these days?
GOODMORNING WORLD! How is 1 hour and 11mins into your day.
Precal just puts me in a terrible mood.
I don't think I'm supposed to have all the black and blues :/
PCDay...Love it! Enjoy ur week ;))
I see a lot of people checking for me.
I want to develop an idea into a Full viral Web Video with anyone who is interested over the Next Few weeks. You can contribute on the Blog.
they're talking about being stuck in hotel rooms to bring in the new year.
While filming the concert with I witnessed spit hot Holy bars that would make a trap rapper get saved.
Oh no, the fire is growing...
thanks Elizabeth!
Man....I can taste my Thanksgiving leftovers at this exact moment!!!:)
“: Looks like I might get back on the Internet more lol... Still thinking bout deleting the Facebook, who knows” ..should he??
Interesting quotes out of TX Dist16 debate. MT Mendoza - "...We need to think about makng MX a commonwlth of the US"
I wonder how people make themes.
We can make electric cars and iPhones that talk to you, but we still haven't found a way to make delicious food with no fat in it?
Happy Christmas
Clambake! Still a few seats left. Sept 18th 6pm Prix-fixe multi-course dinner with wine pairings $45/person. Fabulous. Reserve now....
if Juliet doesn't win the voice i'm going to scream
Feels Good To Be Home...
Good luck with your ArtWalk book mission!
that's cause The Cranberries are awesome! Was listening to them again last week.
Okay just wondering :)
Im bored....let's shoot a wall!
Oh and i didn't just get kicked out of school for beating that kid up...the other thing is a secret ;)
Happens way too often (according to booksellers I know) ... You can imagine my relief when Peter Nimble finally got a quiz!
Got my car washed today .. That's why it rained -.-
thanku ;) Make it a great Monday!!
cool. girls straighten their hair a lot.... haha
A $116 million loan secured by Tishman Speyer's Colony Square mixed-use complex in Atlanta now faces default, Fitch Ratings says.
I think needs to cut the roadkill off his face.
on somethings i do
There will not be a watch party tonight in the LSP Members' Club for the Sporting KC vs. Chivas USA match. Go Sporting!
definitely would be overkill.. even more so than
#boosie lawyer must of been that damn good cuz cuzzo got off when they was tryin to give him the death penalty
i like it. ill brainstorm this weekend and lets be in touch next week.
I was gonna say who is Lance Stephenson...No really
I'll try it again with a bigger pan or cook it longer.
You're doing great. Just keep that notion at the forefront and your craft will not be secondary. Or something. LOL
5 months... Can't come soon enough boo!
I love watching stuf about Hitler
Sometimes, I wonder.
I'm craving some KFC Mac and cheese right now.
Enjoyed an evening of peace and quiet and a sky without light pollution #Sandiego :)
ZillyDilly creator will be at #IRA2012 next week! Give us a shoutout if you'd like to meet up!
Fuck me im not famous
xo RT : Just finished lovely convo and bites with and her family. Couldn't ask for a better afternoon. :)
Money Mayweather with another win!
Comics, booze and drugs! I love my life!!
Ever have a song stuck in your head and you literaly cannot stop singing it??
Thanks for the RT!
Why am i so short jeez
I am going to make this wonderful week count for a lot.
thanks for the follow
Cool dude I'll start digging on my end
Mack hits huge 3 @ at the buzzer. Butler goes to half 22-19. Very sloppy first.
Where's the luck dragon when you need one!
first softball game tonight! Gonna freeze me arse off
Thanks Lisa! :-)
Wish i'd though to record the sounds coming out of my lungs the other day. Amazing Anakin-without-the-helmet-at-the-end-of-Jedi wheezing.
Hoping I never have to stare at a b-law case again.
And whence they said this, they also had mentioned
RT : Thank you Doubles Poker on for supporting
Just heard the ice cream truck. Suppressing urge to scavenge the sofa for change and make a mad dash outside.
Bitch, not even nation wide is on your side!
Take your time.
hayley do you tallk to anyonebesides friends like fans or relatives or anything like that
" You must be a Weasley your kinda cute" "thanks"? " hi I am Angel. and you are?" "Fred,Fred Weasly"
Just Watched The Heir Crush The Easter Egg Hunt, and Somehow The Queen Found The Big Money Egg!!
what did you guys submit for last year? did I miss something?
Dad always told me when I would complain about trains... trains = jobs. Yes, Dad is a railroader.
HA my dads trying to get me to get my wisdom teeth out today
No, truck is still sick! It sucks! This weekend we'll be CC Sun 10a-3pm and then back next week for sure! Thx
What's the style on words that begin with lowercase letters when they begin a sentence? Recently struggled with the band "fun."
Creeping on twitter.
a must in the woods in Wis ": Have to pack the Thermacell. Sounds like it's a banner year for skeeters and ticks in SW Wisconsin.”
We The People bail out wall street and The banks because they are too big to fail We the 99% are too many to fail where is our bail out
I have no ideaa
behave yourself.
in production discussions for 3 features.
1st time flying out of this crappy airport & I get randomly screened. I can't remember the last time I was screened.
#borntodance: Once in a while you find someone who's iridescent, and when you do, nothing will ever compare
Good morning Tonya! Enjoy your weekend:-)
Identification with an object or being is a result of constant thought and feeling flowing towards it. As you think so you become...
I bought it for my mom, but I'm sure I'll be hogging it. I'll bring it in!
It should be renamed to: "this is going on my Facebook wall."
RT : 4 California king Mattresses left at the Washington Co. ReStore NOW ONLY $10!!!
i can't listen to depressing relationship songs anymore now. definitely on my hip-hop sh*t for forever lol
thanks for meeting up! Very insightful meeting! Look forward to meeting up again!
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  19
!followed RT : follow back ?
Big day for Arnold Schwarzenegger. Lot's of gifts coming his way.
Love seeing Aston Villa right on the relegation line. They won't go down, but it's enough to know they suck.
Rehearsal for new song called Muvete have u heard it?
Last days of gym and I can't even play... :(
Happiness is a choice. Make it.
There is one in the Galleria.
Look your best in a Dr. Wiggy's full lace wig that matches your natural hairline with precision, including a widows peak! www.drwiggys.com
I'll pay for gas and getting there and back, you guys can split the camping, and we'll all pay for our own
#Miami here we come!!! Cuban sandwiches, Cuban coffee, and my southern fam!!! Whoooohooooo!!! Thanks for the getaway!
#1 #number retweet the next # lets see how far this goes .
Heather Peters on Honda victory: "It's a sad day when regulations designed to protect consumers are used against them."
A memorable moment was when we created our 1st pass at core values. Smoothly ratified suggested, "100% jerk-free."
Yaaaahhhh got the promotion!
I love I check it out every day. Keep up the good work.
Yeah all I kinda wanna do right now is sleep.
#imagine (your talkin to austin) Austin:sorry,i got lost in your eyes what were you sayin? You:*kisses him* Austin:*smiles* -anna
: oh man, AIM…& zephyr, on my undergrad campus; AOL chat rooms during highschool. up through LJ, all free-form txt.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Talking to my nigga jhood just seen him downtown just chillin you know got a lot to think about with my future don't know whats my next move
really looking forward to June 3rd and our screening of episode 4 in the Snowballs Film Festival!!
Hey mr, please let beast perform their song right now. After it, you can scream and shake malaysia untill you die (?).
ThU! I've had my BBerry Torch for a few years, do a lot of emailing and texting, I've been NERVOUS to be without a keyboard!
Talor Battle announced his return as well. I'm just saying.
First time at last night and loved my induction to storytelling. Not to mention that our host was #amaze &
Spitfires are at the Boston Seafood Show working with 15/20 of the top North American food retailers on
thanks for all the support wife!!! You da best!
Stay away from going N. on Hulen across the Vickery Bridge.
hand raised
Another thing don't text me I like you so much I want to kiss you then text your girlfriend I love you right after that!! Again way to hide!
Watching 90210. Dylan just said, "How can you use the words 'making love' and 'bimbo' in the same sentence?"
Hi! All of our vinyl banners are created custom, individually. Nothing pre-printed. Email us!
Lord help me to hold out cause this hospital is wearing me ouit
I'm loving this app. Block, block, block!!!
Last minute road trip to Princeton University. Townie skateboarders everywhere. Campus is a ghost town otherwise.
wrong city, I'm back in Seattle ;)
Is the "circuit breaker credit" on my taxes for techie people?? They should add that.
RT The average age of a fast-food worker today is 29.5, up from 22 in 2000, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 2
Do fans really care about coach's vs media? Ever
The plainest man who pays attention 2 women, will sometimes succeed as well as the handsomest man who does not. Woman what u think?
Have a great trip, buddy!
please ask: Why would one pay for a daily email edition if they can access the day's news on the CS Monitor site for free?
Hey Brothers, today is the last day to purchase banquet tickets!
You know kid fury just went off on ignorant ass bitches a day ago..but I'm a KICB on twitter tonight because today was a good day
Agreed RT : needs more wine.
"Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops." - Arsenic and Old Lace (1944)
not gonna happen. Lol
Listening to old Prince albums with Joe Donnely in the loft I imagine he lives in
I LOVE roman in moscow!¡!<3
Happy Valentine's Day to all!!!
ehh it was alright.. I hate mondays -.- n u
Yes & no haha she's always been like that 'cause they yelled at her cause she would try to get some of the food
I hope u did get in to much shit for useding your phone. I'm sorry :(
Bouta lay down with some tea and a good book. My favorite!
Great vibe @ Woman's Success Summit Miami with
"Adapt or perish, now as ever, is nature's inexorable imperative." -- H.G. Wells
Good night :)
Shame on
What'd you get?
The joy of the Lord is your strength. -Nehemiah 8:10b
I stop caring when a person show me their true colors.
Does anyone know y traffic is stopped at 635 & parallel pkwy?
Nah, you like fell of the face of the earth and now you're back.
Cool, man. Hope we get to play a show you can get to in 2012.
I can't stand it. lakefront brew is only place i'll put up with it RT : #MKEfoodies: How do you feel about communal dining?
Driver, take me to Omaha. Oh, wait, I am the driver....
Gail Dobson Latin Jazz Septet at the Coda Supper Club San Francisco Thu, November 4, 8:30pm
/ ditto! Again soon !
In Florida, an Ecological Disaster Becomes an Artistic Statement
Its too quiet
Don't wanna do shit!!
I miss you too! How've you been?!
#Sixers Home Opener this Friday. Offering $1 hot dogs, FREE rally towels. According to Fan Cost X app, avg tix: $41.
Driving & Tweeting At Each Red Light ^...^
FFUCKKK!. its okay bring me some food back .
I should teach my mom and dad tht too lol
Horrible angle
if I do, you must tune in!
Should gotta pic!!!
Anyone know the latest stats on websites displaying Google's +1 icon?
"World domination!" Best line from yesterday's ABC Nightline segment. Thanks again for this opportunity. You're the best!
Finished re-read of ACACIA (Bk 1) - fantastic! - & starting WAR HORSE by Michael Morpurgo, so I'll be ready for the movie.
killed it on the radio! Go watch them at Easy Street on Queen Anne tonight at 6pm and pick up your copy of "awE naturalE"
Don't be afraid your life will end; be afraid that it will never begin! ~unknown
True enough. Please come explain this to some of my faculty.
RT Also, nervous spec. within ACC is that if FSU goes B12, UM may try also. Academic prestige of ACC may not be enough to keep UM
next weeks's season finale of #Revenge looks amazing. i can't wait!
BH, just now seeing your kind thank you. You're welcome. Keep the GREAT info coming in 2011. GLF
Confederate States of America?
Dick Clark's legacy will be around forever. He took tv hosting to the next level
Im just an awkward person
Whats Good Fam? I Got My Order In The Mail Today And Is All Mess Up......Didt Get What I Suppose To Get
aww thanks! I'm sure it is nice. My lease isn't up for another 16 months though. :-( You seem hot from the side. ;-)
i'm gonna visit there soon! hope to meet up with you!!! :)
& I = Moulin Rouge next Tuesday.
hopefully there wasn't already too much monster consumption, otherwise u may b taking laps around the whole damn plant!
Omg Jennifer Lopez is sing kinda good. Tf
Someone text me :* .
wow. I'm just as smart. Meaning, I'm an idiot just like you.
he simply is the best at tricks hands down
CHICAGO! I'm broadcasting LIVE on at #VerizonWireless in Lakeview on N. Clark w/ from #DaBears! #Autographs 6PM!
Monday's chicken n' waffles night. Tonight we've got blue cheese waffles and wings. Delicious! We also got festive and decorated today.
not much of a difference - they start telling you why you cant and they are just SUCKING THE LIFE out of you and your kids
Drinking wine from the bottle because our water turned brown today and I can't wash the 2 glasses not in storage.
in fact i am now unfollowing you.
I like when she starts singing, "I double dog dare you" and so on... Haha.
Congrats to my girl Jahnae for getting the Model Call Baacks ! (:
I will not subtweet. I will not subtweet. I will not subtweet.
Whats the point of having cute sandals if you don't have a cute pedi to go with it!
hopefully sometime today but I'm pretty sure he's comin home today
Appropriately, I think, the A+AES avoids calling the access "open" using instead "free" #OA not = 8 months reading access
i am seeing it next thursday night
Account was hacked. Changed password twice and ran SpyBot and Anti-Virus. Anything else I should be doing?
Whereas the buffet rule alone, deemed a symbolic gesture toward lowering US debt would have raised 47 billion
“There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder.” - Ronald Reagan
such a lazy day two whole days of work start tomorrow
I caved! Out getting a muffin.
Why is it raining outside?
I have literally done nothing tonight and it feels wonderful!
Follow Us:
Next Man Up-Shaw.
what you up to?
I was just playing Mafia 2 with my son. Omg, great father son time killing through the streets of Empire Bay. Love those Tommy guns.
FRI Entree Special:Prosciutto Wrapped Irish Salmon on a Bed of Sweet Corn, Fingerling Potato & Wild Mushrooms w/a Smoked Tomato Butter Sauce
It is truly harnessing energy from GRAVITY, regardless if you believe it or NOT. Energy, from a "Force"
haha... anyway, it was nice to nearly meet you at the author's lunch at BookExpo, before you got kicked out of your seat!
It's school day for everybody. Have safe, happy, and bless school year everybody.
it is your world, I am just merely living in it.
Kenny: Thanks I will keep my ears open. Have a great Christmas! Tom
What's up Mikey?! You married yet?
yea I know. I have gotten any news since
Hey, thanks for all the RTs lately!
I have no reason to complain about the things that I ask for, the things that I pride myself on being. A student, a leader, son, good,
Can a brotha get a nurse?
Follow You don't even have to follow me on this account
fascinating stuff.
#Fact RT : Everything Goin Indiana Way Right Now..
I'm holding my breath. I think I'm turning blue..
Packing for the scout trip tomorrow. Can't wait!!
Luke Perry is so beautiful.
#nicholassparks #luckyone is the next book I need to read :)
These noddles actually good
- At least you get to work with a cool person. Patti. Also, I will be there.
Thanks for following, I'll be sure to keep all of my Tweets entertaining. :)
Bay View showings today ....
that's the real Mathis
Love the wing dribble from Rip Hamilton
“: I really hope that rumor and leaving The Game is false!!!!”<~~~
almost more fights in stands than on ice. The rivalry lives on. Good luck tomorrow! Bus rides home after losses do suck.
It is about time we have a kid make the McDonald's All-American game from Cali!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Also don't forget to come to the Student Group Happy Hour tomorrow from 4-6 at Barney's Beanery in Westwood.
Birthday in 11 minutes
im so picky sometimes
Hoping verizon takes care of me tomorrow. Have a short with the charge connection. Been a loyal customer for a long time
Nick Swisher currently leads the league with 20 RBI
Dinner is at 3!! Be there!!
This is why I can never sleep >:( I bump some OF before bed and get pumped a/f only to lay down.
Best part of day was certainly the 8 kids on the block who took off training wheels, raised the seat and fixed the bars. All under 9 yrs old
Ready for this season
Spent 1 hour on tinychat with bad connection curling my hair to teach my friend. then i ate a mango in front of her.
2016 cars will display 30-second stern warnings against speeding before the gas will engage. People will make up the time en route.
Dude Google, you'd think the print calendar function in gmail would work correctly from Chrome, nope, had to open FF to print
Big muscles with abs
Tumble kills my battery so fast and that kills me.
To my Cedar Rapids, IA friends: My good friend /songwriter extraordinaire & artist will be at Java Creek TUES 7-10pm. Stop out!
Ain't no woman alive that can take my mommas place. -2Pac
Been even so far. Mosley fight is rather entertaining
I remember sayin C/o 2011 this time Last Year. Boy does time Fly.
We'll get #Coachella 2013 tickets if someone can verify that hologram Biggie will be appearing to make peace with hologram Tupac.
has it been 3 years already?
the event starts at 8, but try to be there before so we can set up! Just be prepared with the small group study & that's mostly it!
i am so bored i wish my dad would hurry up and leave so we can tinychat
I used to stay up to make a wish at 11:11 but I realized it doesn't really work when you left...
thanks for sharing our event!
National champs. Thanks and gig 'em.
aren't you happy we moved it up!!! I am!!! Can't wait to be Mrs. Coscia
you be killing this young man.
haha yea they should have gotten Andy samberg as nick cage in this movie.
FL attorneys: vote Gwynne Young for Pres in Florida Bar run-off election. Ballots out today. She will do a phenomenal job!
“: So do most netbook owners, I think.” / as I reply from my iPad.
I think your cupcakes look better then the other contestants.
I understand the world spatially and not rationally
This crazy Dave interview is wild as hell.
Just got a ticket for ..At This Performance. I'm so excited! Esp. to get to hear sing again! She rocks at life basically.
Movie starting Samuel L Jackson looks like a pirate
In Hamilton. Were all my Hamilton people AT?
You think #KimKardashian has been using skin care products to prepare for her big day? If she's smart she has been :-)
I have the sheet music for it....": Only if it plays 'Southie is My Hometown.'"
RIP DONNA SUMMERS!!
Boss *shows up in silver suit* "Is this the #NASA press conf?" "Yep" "F-ing right it is. Glenn in."
Go away Justin Bieber.
#Congress: “#Afterschool programs are a matter of supreme importance!” –Sandra
#savior! -- lol.. much love
Look like shit. I might wear my glasses to school today.....
Every time i date a leo female they never know what they want, time to explore a new capatibilty ..
Still holding on to #Bucks playoff hopes. #EternalOptimist. After that, time to root for
here's to new experiences...
Jackie Chan is a great man.
Music has been becoming fake sounding over the past few years..
Plz focus on issues USA is facing and dont make this a SOTElection speech. We r counting on u 2 make the diff u promised
If I don't meant Austin soon I swear I'm going to die okay.
my favorite film clips have to be "Little Rosanne" in Walk the Line. ;^) How ya doing sweetie?
Tape her and then play it for her. she will understand then
Danny Green gets his first basket when the Spurs convert off a Jazz turnover. The Spurs lead 40-39 with 4:39 left in the half.
“Prepare a path for God so that he can enter your heart.”
hasn't quite figured this whole twitter thing out.
You have all these haters bcuz they envy you and want you!!! Keep doing you and keep them wanting what you have.
Dance is like life, it exists as you're flitting through it, and when it's over, it's done. -Jerome Robbins
ha ha thanks :)
RT : I will never shut up about this ..she kissed him! ..omfgggg.
I need to leave this shit hole.
I mean your never-aging face :)
We're on Instagram now. Just follow, wait for it, thePPC. Shockingly different name from our twitter name. Most pics to come from Aruba.
Dear #ICE, let's get this started!!
Questions that aren't properly answered never go away.
post dinner entertainment is sudden dousing with ice water, followed by a complete blackout.
#WhyYoShoes look like they from the 90s?!!
trolling through tj's prom pictures...
Drawing tip: embrace fantasy; eliminate fakery
Happy Friday and Mexican Independence Day! Is it 5 yet? ;)
used an app that froze up my twitter and accidentally dropped off several people at the end of the alphabet-You're back now :)
Nice pics from at the Baltimore Contemporary Print Fair. Look for his post Wednesday afternoon on the NAP/Blog!...
Fuck yu mean turn around and bust it open for me
how have you been doing? Hope you are hanging in there <3
I want to go to sleep but I am still waiting for a DM
I agree RT : Win like a champion and lose like a champion. Laker fans should be embarrassed how this team has reacted
Luebke may need Tommy John
We actually tapped it last night, but , uh, yeah! RT via : did you tap that new beer because it's national ipa day?
Centennial High Environmental Club & WPR are hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th @ 9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA from 1-5pm
please please have a vermont date. i'll love you forever x
#15peopleilove My Family
REAL LIFE HUNGER GAMES RT : Great cant open our fridge.. Gonna starve to death!!!!!
and was like fuck Barbies lol they have nothing
This is also just the 3rd time in school history that the UK baseball team has at least 18 SEC wins in a season (1988, 2006, 2012).
he thinks the pressure of the glasses on his ears is giving him a headache.
Gordon and Hosmer have to come to.
Have u tried either using 64-bit JVM (CF) or -Xss for smaller stack? Catching up on ur thread w/ Mike
When first line of p.r. email says "New children's book tackles importance of" I know I don't have to open it.
good morning Trelly!
Agreed! RT : Always good to see the RALC #techtribe, at least some of them (, , )!
DEAR LORD. Ostrich Eggs on #Chopped giving me flashbacks of the most horrifying Fear Factor ever.
Beautiful photos of the Boundary Waters on your site. Great place to get away.
its 9:42 am here too. where do u live? i live in Winder Georgia
ill admit though you,are an awesome champion... :)
What to do, what to do....
well except for the triple jump. We both know who has the real hops here...
I coulda told you that
RT Whip yourselves with scripture before and after you sin. #HotelBiblePurpose <--- Placed by The Gideons. Lol!
10 thoughts on the Bears&#39; draft | NFL Football News and History
And you heard M*A*S*H is no longer on the air, right? ;)
#SomeoneIWantToMeet ! I'm sure wouldn't mind meeting her either
Good morning how's your day so far?:)
Check out P.E official FB @ Facebook.com/PristineEmpire & P.E official Blog site @ OfficialEmpire.Tumblr.com
Sleeping by myself;
US and Algeria are tied at half. US had chances but didn't capitalized on them yet. England is beating Slovenia.
im not rlly close to it yet so i have no idea
Thank you! RT : #SHOUTOUT #FOLLOW these great friends! Have a great day!
Why is chinese food so good? Like really!
I can't tweet upon my twitter cause I haven't done shit.
Shout out to for a great event tonight with
so great, I ordered it twice! Also denied twice
Michael Cole needs a sharpshooter from ! Meowww
You had your chance,
Been in the lab all day......loyalty
Expectations are pretty low for Obama's big "Jobs" speech Thursday. NFL pregame or speech?
yes. I will set my alarm.
Nolowe going to school! The stories are too profound in my head! SHUT UP YOU FUCKING DOCTOR
Ready to watch #CHIvSKC? Check in on #SportingExplore. Live play and trivia kick-off at 7:30!
Show at Fitzgerald's this Saturday! Come out and rock with us! We go on at 8:20 PM!
Would love to have a gametracker right now.... #usf and #syracuse both failing.
asked for
better check again lol
its not ur twitter its that cheap phone lol jp
Whoa. That so sounds like something I'd expect to say.
Why is MSNBC doing a segment on how awesome Delaware is at attracting big business?
Q8 The Postmortal. It's probably going to end up depressing, but still pretty great.
I wish RT There should be a place where you can call 24/7 and they will deliver whatever food you ask for.
We play around 9 pm tonight!
Grateful for sunlight at 7pm!
And the crowd at the Belle Isle Brewery cheers Mark Cuban dropping the F-bomb, and Mavs fans leaving the AAR early.
was a stripper?! Why couldn't I have seen that? :(
Easier said then done when they have ppl handling everything for them the majority of their career.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves. Sir Edmund Hillary
haha. love it. thanks for the giggle. poor chica!
Happy Friday Twitter. Can't wait to enjoy this nice weekend!
Follow Back ❤
Flashback of Shirley Smith's 9th grade Honors English and diagramming sentences. Do the kids still do that?
well just got off of youtube watching
Same here!!! RT : RT : Friday and Saturday I am going to rock the orange and blue!!
You thought mobile was just a buzz word or a fad, think again #aea conversations tell a different story
Dinner tonight!! Reservations almost full.. New chef is doing amazing.
Just donated to Feels good. They're such a great resource here in
More like I need to get to business!! However, thank you for the encourage my new friend and i'll get on that!!!lol
Yes! Olga Borodina is a goddess!
Every new follower to equals a $1 donation to Mission's Champa House. Can you pls RT?
your welcome :)
Tweets from Price's "Two Tracts on Civil Liberty" (1778)
Cant wait for winter
Lol aww junk Johnny gill videos banging this morning;
but better to break 2-3 $15 glasses than one $200 pair? I own 3 pairs from Zenni & have broken 2 others
ello new follower!! (:
Bang! Bang!
There is a chance that you would win if you tried . think about
Some things aren't meant to happen, but everything happens for a reason!
I'm happy I'm alive
that skeleton arm in that pic is just worrisome. I LOVE RZ, but homegirl needs to eat a burger. Or 3.
And of course the free station coffee.
readin da messages ova ad ova ad ova ad ova bcuz every word maks mi heart drop ad soon itz go really b at mi feet
lol it happens...
Am I the only one who thought will smith was the actual prince of bell air...??
I saw "Children of Men" several times at the theatre.
Don't ever accept what you can't tolerate..you'll regret it if ya do!!
Note 2 self..actions speak louder then words
Check out battling, one of my all-time favorites who routinely bodies opponents. Enjoy.
hacking with science makes me think of chemisty
How many versions of Cinderella can be written?
Having awesome day with my family. Enjoy your weekend and be safe :)
What a pleasant surprise at the car dealer yesterday. The total bill for services rendered? $5.26!
My roommate went on the Anderson Cooper talk show and failed to mention she got us 2 Dyson bladeless fans as a giveaway. Bring it, summer!
If this is coffee, then please-bring me some tea. But if this is tea, please bring me some coffee. A. Lincoln
#20ThingsAboutMe I keep a small group of friends cause to much ppl fake now a days!
I don't want to hear about your AIDS-ravaged nation, I got a HAIR in my GUM!
We'll scream it loud! This is our melody; it's time to sing it out So give us words before we all forget!
Good friendships are fragile things and require as much care as any other fragile and precious thing. ~ Randolph S. Bourne
hm... Eight or eighthirtyish?
Do you think that engineering enzymes in the photosynthetic process (ie RUBISCO) for improved efficiency would help 4 this?
Thanks for the follow Shandra! Best to you. Have a good week!
He stood so straight and tall a tree trunk grew within his chest, rooting him to the earth, as he roamed.
nice picture
Its okay :)
FREE CONE DAY! On our way to ptown hahaha
#whendiditbecomecool to trim your bushes at night? My neighbor's doing it... I wonder how he'll feel about that decision in the morning...
Manchester City wins the Premier League!!! What a badass game!
oh no! D: how did it happen? Lean against an iron? :\ :[
that right! Check out the shot put one too!!! Haha
omg i love Dylan-Lee Cooke<3 this boy is like my whole life! Hes changing me casey! I love it, i rllly do(:
I hope not cause I missed it
Late to the party, but congrats on the new job. That's awesome.
Consumer Sentiment at More Than 4-Year High in May. US consumer sentiment rose to its highest level in more than four years!
Just burned my finger with my lighter. Baby blister hurts like a fat bitch
Great News, Coming soon to NYC Printing 123 are Black Business Cards. Go more unique yet professional. Call NYC Printing 123 at...
If I have what seems to me a good story idea, what's the best way to talk to you about it?
ur hair looks red
lolz you almost brought a tear to my eye! .
it was great meeting you today at #WCO11 Thanks for the follow and for helping me patch up my toe :)
Next time then... Have fun in San Fran!
"Social" is the key for informal learning
Will ever notice me? ive lost hope
got it. Low PUFA to avoid oxidation which compounds damage of high fructose. I'm excited. I'll keep you updated with progress.
One bad apple... still didn't profit from volume... no one believes they are encouraging abortion. Women need them. Always will.
If you hear the words "oh yeah, suck it" coming from my bedroom, it's probably just my boyfriend vacuuming
you are so awesome! one of the greatest translators of lyric ever!
Latin Proverb~ The doctor is to be feared more than the disease.
U of O's response to LaMichael James-to-NFL report: Not only is that 100% not true, James has yet to make a decision regarding 2012.
Steven Jackson causing problems??On the show, back in December,I set the over/under of a clash with Skiles of The Super Bowl.
When your friends think that your joking, but your pants are brown and soaking.
Change and adjustment can b some of the hardest shit to go thru... Things u did shouldn't always be the things that u doin...
Me neither! I feel like I'm missing something! :) RT : I don't watch Mad Men.
Epic week: 3 screenings of # DETENTION, # OCCUPYMIDIAN is growing daily, THE DEVILS CARNIVAL sucked, and #RSD 2012 got the rest of my $ :)
Tonite is teen launch party at Rockville Memorial library. 5 authors, pizza, and advanced reader's copies- starts at 6!
#imagine you were 's girlfriend and he tweeted you everyday non stop . <3
That awkaward moment when you remember last night really happened
#confession I want four kids.
Some people call me a bitch, some people call me stuck up, some people should mind their own fucking business.
I'll sleep when I'm dead, and on Sunday afternoons.
": A nigguh need his own producer or sumn doe" dm what u looking for.
I miss you guys so much :( those were the days!
"What is the best dog for cat lovers?" I am not going to fall for what is clearly a trick or loaded question.
Girl You deserve the Idol and more. You're amazing.
So cool! Thank you for saying hello. I hope you're having a wonderful day. So what language do you speak and where are you from?
i still dnt get it
when did you go back to forever?
Hi Frontier! Flying home to Colo. this summer & I love flying with you, but do you have any specials running? So pricey ... :-/
Above the Treeline --> Penguin Group --> DK Publishing
#Fact: I watch Food Network more than the average male.
It's incredible that there are still so many people in the world that are ignorant, close minded fools.
thts rly mean! I would never say anythin like tht an no ur not I'm the fat one literally thts wht I think
What did everyone think about Alabama's 21-0 win over LSU last night in the BCS title game? Ugly game or great defense?
for sure we need to see whose going to be in this crew first before I book it!
I thought I was too! Twitter glitch, I suspect.
What Washington needs is adult supervision. ~ Barack Obama
Luckily you won't ever have to in real life! :)
no PT in high profile media market! RT not good science but captivating to audience & good marketing for chiro.
miss you baby 😘
The most important single ingredient in the formula for success is knowing how to get along with people - Theodore Roosevelt
this is where you'd like to have any southpaw other than Patton
Used a neti pot for the first time today, and I swear I can breathe more easily now. Might just be the placebo effect, but who cares!!!
Time to retaliate Yankees! Beam one of the Orioles
Dear Col†on, I love you♥
I'll be stopping by for at least some new gear.
job interviews today! lets hope we get them.
Dinner w/fam, good food and good laughs = wonderful ;)
You aren't fooling anyone with those eyebrows...
Left Phoenix with Rackers missing a short FG, landed in Tucson learning that the Cards pulled out the win in OT. That was too close!
note-to-self: never buy loo a bear
Looking forward to a shoot this weekend with three lovely models!
yes yes yes!
thanks for the thought but I'm not quite a size 6 =\
It's like seeing NYC the way my grandparents and great-grandparents lived it.
Forgive & forget. Not revenge & regret.
Go follow !
I'm on team "cute little schmeckle" FTW
Good News For People Who Love Bad News might be one of my favorite albums.
“Be yourself, don't take anyone's shit, and never let them take you alive.”
*scrolls down TL ^ fake fake fake^
The key to a productive day? It's keeping one finger on the delete key to avoid getting sucked into what's unimportant. www.chadtimothy.com
Whose ready for st patty's day weekend?
Holy cow, that breeze coming through the window is actually chilly! Wow.
Looking for an inspirational read...I highly recommend "The Soul of Leadership" written by Deepak Chopra.
Bring it! Though she's no Aimee Mann.
I KNOW, RIGHT? Golden Eyebrows! Evocative :-P
can you go to sleep...and never wake up. HAHAHAHAHAHAVSISKSD.
SMART MOVE...T-Rich can't run without an OL stay away from Weeden...if Colt can't do it this year then next year get the QB
shoot how much you got to lose ?
I'm pretty sure, as most might also think, this is stemming from Mr. Shield's off field woe's (not to be confused with hoe's).
I need mo followers!
One of these days, I'll actually see you when I'm in your hood. (I may or may not have longingly looked at your apt... creepily.)
Me 2 let's go!!
:-) thanks so much
Fantastic projects - congrats to all! RT : Very pleased to announce 14 winners of 2011 Digging into Data Challenge.
Send your light, love, healing, positive energy, and prayers to our friend Steve ( ).
lmao we silly as hell
Happy Easter... #childhood Memories.
IF THAT WAS THE CASE I WOULD OF TAPED THE GAME AND TOOK MY TAIL TO SLEEP.
thanks for the RT! :)
If what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, should I bring the kids home? Just saying.
Yes! Make it a positive one! RT : You have a choice every day regarding the attitude you'll have that day.
Right back at ya! Great group ...
Or not. Already has appealed.
Even though the wounds are still fresh, looking back, it was an unbelievable season Here's to passing '11 with an even better '12!
Me and going to run in the 90 degree heat....
we are an important swing vote in some crucial states!
your facebook profile picture just killed me.♥
If you are really content with yourself you shouldn't care what other people say about you you show you care because you responded
More like I hate American History
NP Can I Come Over: Aaliyah
I say NO to drugs, but they don’t listen.
Signed the (virtual) dotted line - La Jolla Half Marthon incoming!!!
just stop :)
We wish the the best of luck as they go for their sixth league championship this weekend!
Kids, my movie won The Oscar. Its been a good week.
So I'm also realizing that we can only lend a few books such as the classics. I do have a few of those, though.
u guys fought hard tonight!!! U made us all very proud! Keep up the good work.
you should get one of those hat cages you can stick in the dishwasher.
giving honor to god and saying a prayer for everyone in the world
Tomorrow I'm off to a Writer's Refuge for a week of solace, solitude and the beach.
Nick & Sam's + Princi Italia! Anne says hi!
uh, yes plz
why not African toast?
Lived in Green Bay for 2 years and am eating at Krolls for the first time!
Just saw the place across the street bringing their American flag down the pole for some reason. First thought: "O crap, we ARE seceding!"
school is almost over!!! Get down here and go out with and I.
Japanese #earthquake and #tsunami used social media to find survivors comes in at #2 on top social media
Focus on the WHAT not the why
What holds us together is far more important than what is tearing us apart.
hey pretty thug !!
Tonight I am cooking up duck breast w/ pomegranate sauce, sweet potatoes and and southern green beans.
you mean that guy that ran the Olympics 10 years ago ? He's a pretty man.
I know that was a great suggestion on Linked In...following you also.
So good to have a productive rehearsal!!! Gig should be fun on Saturday. :)
I feel special now :)
I always have the biggest crush on straight guys! >.<
Thx bro. RT : i sent you that track
See you on the horizon!
I don't think that deserves a suspension. I'm fine with the 5 on 3 and him being out for the rest of the game.
I think the Yuma e coli can be a direct result of illegals going through fields.
yes, I knew you would understand.
you'd be so proud. Only TWO! :)
Let the water baptisms BEGIN !!!
I am embarrassed that I did not quickly turn off tv show about royal wedding. (I like the accents.)
not just him.. the whole team. They are hitting the ball well
Make ur kids FUTURE better then urs..
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped.
she saw it on Good Morning America. Hahaha
Why is that?
Let me know if you think of others!
good and yourself
you are such a good prankster :D :P luv you
I LOVE THE VIDEO! MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE :D <3
Good bull, she have a good birthday? She's a baby so probably so haha. Weekend was good. :) Yours? Training is going okay thx
- I'm officially weak :(. Got any gym recos in lower manhattan/brooklyn? I need to re-enter the culture! cc:
When mind is weak, situation is a PROBLEM. When mind is balanced, situation is a CHALLENGE. When mind is strong, situation becomes an OPP.
Then you will LOVE what I'm playing next on ;)
not bad, Clarks not that great lol! I want to go to palo
can I come? “: Best buddy from grade school lives south of Atlanta. Divorced. Three spare rooms. Already hit him up. #Catlanta2013”
Our digital learning rep is at #mozfest (Mozilla festival) in London, keep the DY flag flying!
u r not coming over?!
Retweet Extremely heavy rain/wind now nearing down on Galveston proper. Island being hit pretty hard.
I want to go to the next bulls game just to say I have been to one
Kings nation rise up !
You Hit Me ; I Hit Your Ass Back . iDGAF iF We At School.
sunny anderson making peanut butter & jelly pancakes? no ma'am........i can't get w that one, & nobody will change my mind lol!
Just signed my own birthday card at work. Wonder if I should start paying more attention to what I'm signing?
Hey #ATL friends! I'm looking for a photographer for an event this weekend. Know anybody? Please @ or DM me with any suggestions. Thanks!
Damn I love me some
I think it's fun to see pics of what's in grocery carts! Some blogs showcase readers' pics, like how does! :)
Doing better than Cousin Dyer! True History of the Kelly Gang is the one I've read from him, y me gusta mucho.
I'm right behind you!
I'm convinced there's no such thing as Celtic Fans, Heat Fans, etc.... There's Laker Fans & Laker Haters.
Why, thank you!
Feelin kinda down
Thank you everyone for participating in our celebration of World Literacy Day! We hope you enjoyed it as much as we did!
Love it!
ADAPT IS open today....no delays, no change of schedule. Be careful driving out there and we'll see you soon.
RT : A moth flew into my ear, its still in there... How do I get it out? [ stand next to a bright light? ]
First I burn my forehead, then I burn my arm...
I can dig it! Lol
I'm just the new kid in town.
Just visited for the 3rd time. What a cool company! Always feel so inspired after a session with -Thanks man! YOU ROCK
Hey I am down!
what's up with the delay in ordering #USWNT new home kits? Big bummer for fans.
I like not only to be loved, but also to be told I am loved. - George Eliot
pretty sure thats an old folks home
I hate breaking in dance shoes... :(
so you'll still be working at gsw?
be there in a minute!! Hahahaha!
I'm ready for #GleeNationals!!!!!!!! ♥
"Campana" and "James Russell" are trending
I knew this is what I wanted
Do those 5 hour energy shots work ?
Too many funerals, not enough graduations, too many babyshowers, not enough weddings.
You're using the wrong tube. You see, the Internet is a series of connected tubes and you need to choose the right one.
Filmstock went great. Got compliments on Pick Me! Met reporter for indie film journal. Best in show was doc Vending for Change.
Sorry to be missing #mithdd talk, since the early project was supported by a SUG. Please say hi to Bill from the folks at ODH.
We #would like to #take this #time and wish all Mothers! Happy Mothers Day
Jen Cole: "what's important about the fringe fesival is that you have the opportunity to form a new audience"
just got really up in here!
Follow il follow back
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 20
Well done, Jen! RT "I personally think everyone should jump on Twitter and compliment "
Thanks for the RT, :)
lol nothing wrong with Miami Beach
Creating new projects & products. Love being productive!
I've got the Folsom Prison Blues. Thanks, ! :-D
A fruit is a vegetable with looks and money. Plus, if you let fruit rot, it turns into wine, something brussel sprouts never do
I hope you have someone to talk about these feelings with. Your words remind me of how I have felt in the past. Don't lose hope.
let's go this summer ! XD<33
Christmas day
Blake Griffin is insane.
~ Thnx for the #FollowFriday! I forget to add my own #FollowFridays! Please remind me when it's Friday!
Awesome! Keep up the good work!
You know what kills me ....we number one and Yall still throwing pussy and Dick around like we AIDS free
In parent teacher conference for our second grader: "He's a movie star guinea pig."
Great for #NFL interest, but also great for migraine if you're trying to keep up with all of the unorganized chaos!
We live at Scott house lol
Dayummm, Castro with the glove scoop and toss for the out!!! So fine.
Still here. Just finishing my last year of high school. What you been up to?
Why do lawmakers disrepect teachers?
have fun
i want to see Young Adult! have you seen previews for that?
Pyromaniac up next! Say hi to us at the merch stand! Oh and buy some merch!
cuz i'm in beast mode, beast mode, gimme dose beats i eat dose
Excited to be at the Kolbe Prof Growth Seminar in Phoenix - Great to see and - amazing work from Kolbe Corp
Paging Santorum "Every form of life is unique, warranting respect regardless of its worth to man" UN Gen Assem R A/RES/37/7 RT
Ashy ashy Youze a stupid fucking hoe ashy ashy you need to take yo ass home
how about all their songs....
until Sunday I might stay half of the week im gone see though u not going to summer school
It was! Thank you!! RT : Event at was so fun. So many people and lots of book recommendations. Yay! Thank you!
Nope! We don't identify wit losing much...so it's on you!
Wish was here to watch the Nats play at Dodger Stadium. Miss you Dad.
Funny i was craving pizza at practice & then when i get home my parents had pizza for me! i hadnt even told them! :D
If the going is real easy, beware, you may be headed down hill and don't know it.
You is coming out tonight? I am eating Scotch Eggs by myself?! Again...
"We've heard a lot of Bush since getting to Alberquerque." -Mike G, Al Lover & The Haters 2012 Strange Blanket Tour.
nothing. agreed. breast to impress!!
You stay drama free by minding your Fuckin business
Ur an awesome lady!
Our manager is in Austin now. Just fyi.
Text rec'd: "Sentient, Living, Breathing" ... <3
Great job to all of CCB's amateur dancers at the Big Apple Dancesport Challenge this weekend!
we'll have the rare oppurtunity to watch another football immortal play his final years. Great memmories are upon us!
Begins run through of "The Producers" today
sluts sorry if it was awkward haha
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!
im in love with this song, so just hush baby shut up heard enough, stop tal tal talking that blah blah blah <3
Proud to be Lambda Pi Chi.
Woah, Scientology advertising on prime time? Who knew? And with prominently featured Israeli flags no less. Hidden message much?
ok, "old fashioned". I eat with a hat in the press box all the time, sorry in advance.
lunch time going on Sara n Amelia holdin it down. Patio open and its awesome out in the third ward. Went to benelux last night, twas rad!!
TGIF! Because this weekend is going to be AWESOME! Spring Fling/Music Festival, a Padres game and a banquet! visit our FB to learn more...
Wow, really missing Tweeps lately, craziness going on here.. new job, traveling, house hunting..Serenity Now!
Somebody do my hair
It's so chaotic how could you not be controlling?
I'll be your Linus if you'll be my Sally
Capt. Barron of the Chesapeake refuses to be boarded. The Leopard opens fire capturing her by surprise forcing Barron to surrender.
We really don't hear enough from our fans. You all ready for a new sound? It's coming. It'll be "us" but with more feeling
47,567 people like Wines That Rock.
way too excited to get my glasses on friday. yay for not being blind anymore? gotta love buddy holly glasses.
-smiles and takes a sip from my smoothie-
Omg I just got invited to the prom lmao! Damn I feel young again lol!
I just made my own shop and could NOT be more thrilled about it! THANK YOU!!
aw bless! Shame were not coming:( your gonna be bored!
hahahaha yeah, probably just gonna get people angry with me.
Also, putting Fruity Pebbles in brownies is a good idea.
I cannot image how his super-PAC attack ad with Lithgow doing voiceover could be surpassed this year… no doubt someone will try…
Lmao ugly bitches with cute guys
They actually adjusted the gross for '21 Jump Street' up. Disney investors scrambling after 'John Carter' mess...
#DearMarch , please bring us warm weather. I am BEYOND ready to wear sun dresses, gladiators, and sunnies :)
system education of india . Mentorship ply their teaching interactive multimedia systems – education, exhibition – Education
Dm's are down, twitter is having issues today
a giant pink elephant that's about to snort up paul bunyan.
Thank u
I wish i would at least get a peak at how Ringer was going to be ended.
you still the best, don't worry you will get them back next year and get that ring
lmfao!! All bad.. y'all old dawgs gon go out like Barren Davis.
Good thing this game means nothing
GUYS....FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!! FOR THE 5TH TIME!!! FOLLOW ME BACK1!!!!!
Not able to watch the game and I guess I'm glad I'm not. Let's go
We spend hours talking... about nothing.
Boozer is in the zone right now. LOVE IT!!!! Lets beat the Heat!
Thanks, Brad!
to our loyal viewers, rest assured "I HAVE A MASTER'S DEGREE." LOL
Feeling a bit overwhelmed by all the love and support that's been washing over me the past few days. Thank you so much! <3
the hologram of Jimmy Hendrix.
Hahha!!! Oh Martin, that's a good one. :)))
yea man we bout to have a big party for him tonight
Yankees: "We believe in AJ" Do you also believe in a extra long off season?
Thanks coach! Much appreciated.
Sorry you got attacked by this douchebag!
happy birthday!:)
looks fabulous in green!
Being the best me I can Be.
Hello, Santa Monica. I can feel the ocean breeze... It's been too long. So excited!
ur movie looks like its gonna be good
Matter of fact, perkins look like the black ghost of sparta kratos!!!!!!!
just updated some portfolio samples on the website (print and flash). check it out.
Im sick but i dont really wanna drink pee tho
": Scrimmage #showtime" Go Irish!!!
school is almost out..but imma miss my friends specially the crazy ones abd u knoo who u are!
watching my shows :)
I just love 's #Mistletoe video. GIVES ME CHILLS BEHIND MY SPINE every time. <3
Btw, I'm done playing Syndicate poker after this season. Too much
we would love to present our new program and certification with you!
“Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.” ~Buddha
T2 I have seen providers utilizing mhealth tools to improve point of care documentation and patient interaction
So irritated
.-_|!! SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..$2 DRINKS..SEE THE VIDEO--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
you have to take the bus? that sucks ass. I'm all warm c;
Celebrating July 4th by practicing on my American violin made by Phillip Injeian with my American bow made by US Paul Martin Siefried.
But is he happy?
Good morning everyone :)
LaRussa never got suspended for eating babies though...
Odd person out
Vicki Callahan () on microtopia: places of possibility for conversation without constraints, to imagine improved environments
lianna told me to ay that fighting is gunna lead no where so they shud just stop!
lol what am I thinking
#20ThingsAboutMe 6. I can't wait till I can drive.
thank you for the rt
Jesse - will be emailing you :]
Yeah you did... ;) ": I just got RT'd by a baby. With a potty mouth."
Q: What's the difference between a Wagnerian soprano and a baby elephant? Let's see some good answers. Don't look it up!
Or sexier... #trybeforeknock “: "Carnal Priest" might be one of the scarier pairs of words.”
Enjoy the sun while it's here! Great day to sit outside :)
#tax questions? Tweet us now 888 895-5727 call in line
why I love #GEEBZ - I learned that you could pull string away from a tooth by using a pliers! XLV gon' POP TARTS on REPEAT!
i will hopefully be going!
I have to go :( I'll tty 2morrow Love ya, Goodnight <3 xo :)
I dont care.
Every time I feel down about the job market - I read my resume and my spirits shoot up. What a great ride so far.
im on a slide this week they pushed my shoot back till the 14th.
Heat vs Pacers game 3 tonight. Watch the game at Whiskey Tango!!
“ who to text , who to text . . *goes through contacts*”
Two hours left on this tour. Get me the fuck off this bus.
- Thanks Peggy! Have a nice Friday and a great weekend!
- just read the article. Wanted to find out how long he's out.
RT : Bring on day two conference… JOIN US on the 3rd floor at the Booth
A fun quote from M*A*S*H Colonel Potter, "I don't care how poor a man is; if he has family, he's rich."
fun for kids of all ages!
THE LACES WERE IN!
I realize I've got the best friends a Pony could have. I love you & miss you guys already! ( idk how to direct twitter)
IM FREAKING OUT MARTALIE FTW
Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
I wasn't the first person on the roof. Fuck.
We are at meeting with some folks from Wichita State University about a communications panel we'll be on tomorrow.
follow back? =)
Damn! Love tacos but don't live in Austin
RT : At EdTechLink Jason says we need to give kids tech tools to fix the problems *we* have created.
Feeling motivated
Let's hope heat lose tonight
I'm sorry for any problems you are experiencing. Please follow and DM us the info of the acct in question.^CS
so when are you going to divinity school?
Of if iuyf
We are excited to keep you connected! Have a safe trip to Mexico!
yep yep. penguin pride! totally won the soccer game!!!!!!!!!!!! :)))
To the mall with and #twitterless Kayla.
“: Do NOT free Boosie” He garbage lol
Summer break needs to get here faster.
have a great time!
I'm not your brother! I'm yours! I can't leave you alone! I can't forget you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Forget the lakers, thunder, and the heat. I'm ready for football season
Looking forward to cardio latin class this Saturday at
found my sister..
taking pups on their nightly run thru #missionhills. hopefully won't see guy who almost ran over me last night. bastard.
omg WHEN DOES YOUR ALBUM COME OUT IM WAITING??? <3 XOXO
but how do we get the time? It is hard to convince admin to change a rigid school schedule
yoo me need fe start sell donut again! make some money cause me tired of stayin home
what about saying "Adult Only" seen that one many times.
I don't want to go to school.
Damn I hate when girls lie makes me sick!!!
I'm so irritated. I'm so close to snapping.
hey , when is a good time of the week to show up and sell books? I gots me a LOT.
I miss you too man!
Have to change my Twitter handle to Sorry for confusion, but it's still me! :-) Betsy
nope Florida State is we're it's at
Oh hell no Irish Selena called American Selena a bitch!
very powerful!
well if you work with me I'll help ya out!
Shocked to hear about Junior Seau. Thoughts and prayers go out to his family.
i wonder how many music sub-genres there are on wikipedia
Riding aboard for our Defining America trip through Texas! San Antonio, we're bringing and , too!
Wednesday morn I'm on discussing summer movies. Tune in! Also, what color shirt should I wear? Leaning toward mocha.
*joins you?
Squeeze till it hurts.
Why bother with that when you could be seeing at Sticky Lips?! :)
me too c:
Which Christmas movie should I watch tonight? I forgot the Muppet Christmas Carol and my fave A Christmas Carol in Indy.
looking forward to hanging out a lot, buddy
Thanks to and for mentions and RTs.
Nail Shop Flow >>>>
Thank you so much for joining in! You were a wonderful voice in the conversation!
and last question and i should be good to go he says: come in to my place its ok for u to stay i need u for this partay?
looks like #gaga is divorcing Target. Wonder if its connected to the Target suit against our coalition parter #canvassforacause?
Singing so LOUD AND HARD "rather die young" by Beyonce.That song just takes me somewhere...yeaaassss!
Don't allow a 3 , don't foul them in the act of shooting and rebound the ball. #NBAPlayoffs #Defense #Knicks !
New Mixtape coming early this summer!!! In the meantime, you missing out if you aint hopped on board with everybody else.
Yuh Know Bo ?
Dear twitter people can u please help me reach a 1000 pllleeeeaaassseE?
If you sent every e who follows you $20 you would make a normal wage like us.
She's beast on the court!
Sandburg GRIND BOLD flavor is Blue Heeler!
Enjoyed consults tremendously. Some interesting books pitched. Well done, ladies!
the appraisal came in smaller. Don't wanna dis Geddy Lee.
The best!!!
Great to meet you too and hear a little about #sd36 at
Ladies dont ever let anyone tell you what to do, I hate seeing that shit. You are all strong as hell so stand your ground.
I knew I was on to something: "Nothing is more important than an unread library." -John Waters via
You owe it to everyone you love to find pockets of tranquility in your busy world
OE on a full stomach. Always such a good idea.
I'm losing everybody.
what's a five percenter?
“: How did the banner distribution go? Have a lot of them left?” They were all distributed! Tiger fans rock!
MB Not gunna be at no event in nyc may 5 :(
Hmm well I don't think I will be at the games as I have a beer fest on Saturday and Mothers Day stuff on Friday and Sunday
Me, my husband and our two children. Thank you :)
Are you a sorority girl?
I have no mom
Dear Pearson, Thanks for the intellectually numbing tests. Really made school worth skipping. Sincerely, Students
BookMobile is exhibiting at #aam12, come say hello! Booth 1909. See locals at local convention.
where you from sweetheart
Had a great day at da gym i played hard back to school
Oh, he's going! He doesn't dare cross me. We spent half a hockey season together. The man knows better.
No, more about town getting too big and dialing area code for any call :)
Cool! It will be available ONLY as a premium through the campaign to fund a new video series. This week!
neither did I but I enjoy the movie thoroughly
Thanks for sending your friend the link to this cover. I really appreciate your support. Thanks again!
Thank you!!! RT : happy mothers day(:
aw! That sucks. Buffalo won a playoffs spot
Lol. On the People Mover.
"May the dreams of your past be the reality of your future”
XL is for big kids!
thanks so much! <3
awesome. Congrats. Grew up with Goldens, they are great family dogs.
I'm always tired yoo.
What's it say when 2 sessions of #RVAgptw for 300+ HR professionals has less than a dozen tweeters?
#Educare of Chicago will celebrate the theme, "Early Years Are Learning Years," with a series of classroom based activities.
Judges are off to make some decisions. $10,000 on the line.
Hey couple taking self pics while kissing on the metro, STOP IT.
Whats up world! Finally Back on here!
totally jealous I was just in South Beach & Delray last week flurries here in DC today
exactly I do too
Who would have figured Anthony Weiner WOULDN'T wind up being the Douchebag of the Week?! RT : Tracy Morgan: I Would Kill My Gay Son!
Rt ": Off to the airport! DWAir is headed DOWN UNDER BABY!!!!!!!" LOVE it!! Safe Travels XOXO
That's okay. I just finished watching Season 2 of Torchwood, and I cried. Since when does scify become so moving?
Lauren Gaskill with a leadoff 2B for VT and Mitchell is onto pitch for Gillen.
Just now listening to this Dream Chasers 2, so excuse my delayed tweets.
Praising God at Harvest Crusade w/ the David Crowder Band in Anaheim. Where are you tonight, why aren't you here?
Hope everyone has a wonderful 3 day weekend .
I just watched it as well..same reaction ..but Horrible Bosses was rockin RT : Bridesmaids: meh
Nook lending "laughably restrictive. ... lend a book only once, to one person, for two weeks, during which time you can’t read it."
Lol at how my mom thought I was actually going to leave my phone home today.. No my phone belongs in my pocket.
Just got off the phone with Patrick Calder running for Congress in Maine. Neat guy. If you live in his district you need to pay attention.
Sometimes I keep my thoughts and feelings to myself. Because its hard for others to understand..
S/O to for getting accepted to pharmacy school...I'm praying that can be me next year
God expects you to answer when He calls you! I am grateful He will call until I answer. What a God!!!!!!!!!! Be Encouraged!
how many classes do you have left? I'm taking 2 classes in the first session then 1 in the second.
you got I've already said enough
#chidatadive story up tonight, lots more #shareablechi coverage to come this week and next!
You'll love this. RT: Oh, so you think women belong in the kitchen? Tell me how your dating life has been.
Damn. is a fuckin cutie ;D
Opening statements by both sides are done in the Washington County Sheriff contempt hearing. Witnesses being called.
If you are doing your own pressure washing, only use the Red Tip on very hard surfaces and tough stains.
#GetAfterIt in the parking lot kid
you are AWESOME I love ur music and everything about you Follow me ? :) that would be my birthday wish :) <3
im having to wait a month or so becuses im gonna have to use another song
No, I wasn't planning on it.
I really wanna see, "The Devil Inside."
Thanks for sharing our post! :)
love this!
Looking forward to the Apple media event on 1/27. iTablet? iPhone enhancements? We'll know soon enough.
Never...but Never..bet against your Mom!;)
New video almost complete be on the lookout fa me
hm....what to do with my last day on Earth?
On Earth, on the North American continent, in the United States, in New Mexico, in Clovis, on State Road 467, a cow knocked over a woman.
haha dont u have anything else better to do a UB aka China town o.0
Happy New Year, Sid.... miss ya!
was wondering about the reunion. apparently she had a dream about it.
Got to meet today Good dude, nice meeting you man!
You speak the truth too much its awesome!
When u get to that point where you're half asleep and u get a txt and it scares the crap out of you <<
You don't want to change that's why you said no.
E-Gads, she looks like the standin for Jack The Pumpkin King.
looking forward to Comic Con this weekend!
Those guys at the rac who think they're good
Are you on?
Finally they play Starships on the radio!!
Thought for the Day: "Men are born to succeed, not fail," --Henry David Thoreau
