Wow, that just happened
Man the way janelle monae blends her songs are crazy.
is out on DVD soon! Add it to your Netflix cue today - JESS + MOSS
#WW fabulous folks to follow
RY “: Every time I look over at Larry Byrd during timeouts/between quarters he is signing autographs for fans. Good guy.”
I do what I want (:
People are very easy to juge brah. It ant right but they do it anyways.
Woah! That's awesome!
I used to keep a jar of Nutella and a bag of pretzel sticks for dipping next to my desk...but then I started to hate myself.
Just pre-ordered the album. Can't wait to hear some new stuff from you guys.
outside of Oakland u gotta scope out Kinders.
With his 0-3, Rickie Weeks is now hitting a smoking .153. Sad really. I hope he turns this around soon.
I don't want this #Patriots game to become a shootout, Pats' D needs to put pressure on Tebow, force a mistake, and capitalize on it...
WHAT WHAT WHAT. COME TO SAN DIEGO BBE.
Yes, would be lovely to finally meet you. Decide on a time and let me know. Looks like the rain will moving out by AM. :)
Hi, great! I saw photo! Cool! :)
You are FUNNY man!! Love it... pianists/ music theorists save the earth!
(gaspp) not going to school is bad ;o
Just had a great meeting with about our Epic Scale Brainstorming Session at #SXSW looking forward to it already!
Bad decisions, good intentions.
and , I'm checking out hotels for Vegas! #GirlsWeekend!!
Save on your next insurance policy. Http://www.hotwireins.com. Get your quote today.
asap rocky school boy q joint. Its kinda reckless. I done fucked her once... some shit.
that when you look your best ❤
I can beat you , ive been doing them :) haha but your stronger tho :(
I just got a shotout from Adele.
I don't understand accents. They way accents make voices sound different makes me ponder
Thank you for the RT! Very much appreciated.
Yes RT : You trust John and Pete?
Big boobs don't count if you're fat...
James Franco really coming up big for the Bucks... But D-Rose is too clutch. What a shot
NY has been home 4 over a year. Still here. Before I traveled constantly. Time I got back to that. Life of a writer/musician.
Eggs and sausage...and salsa chips?? OK Mom.
I know. I'm an idiot.
that's what i was thinking … the trailer totally went against everything i thought the show was, so figured it'd be futile
Whos chuck norris?
Thank you so much for your information.
Phone's back! thank you byron's beer garden for getting me blackout and babysitting my phone for a day... for free!!!
Wonder if we can take a tripod on the plane?? We have lots of camera equipment to get some super nature pictures...
“For the LORD is our judge, the LORD is our lawgiver, the LORD is our king; it is he who will save us.” -Isaiah 33:22 (NIV)
fuh! Ok! Lol this necklace better change my life
Thanks! Ha, I just read yesterday: our bodies don't betray us; we are the ones who betray them.
lol I'd be we'd be in some hardcore marriage counseling if it were me and tony. Omg. Lol
Looking at embedded Tweets. I'm not seeing the "Embed this Tweet" link. Has this feature not been rolled out to all users?
I'm in Barnes and nobles right now but ill walk over (:
Thanks for the mention yesterday.
-> no question, bro!
alright thanks so much;)
Random question of the day: other than Wonder Woman, are there any female superheroes who don't have "girl" in their name?
What I always love most about #thanksgiving is that it feels like a Sunday, but really it's the start of a four day weekend
8. Try not to use the oven. It heats up the rest of house, forcing AC to go into overdrive. Use an outdoor grill, toaster oven or stovetop.
RT Jaimie Cloud fr is here at Kamehameha. Teachers are buzzing and there's good work to come tomorrow. Canʻt wait!
officially going to my first conference! got my tickets and am so pumped for the crazy awesome things the Lord is going to do!!
The THIRST
Bday 2ma smoking until I pass out 8 blunts damn high as shit
MANIA! continues to creep up the CMJ Top 200 chart. This week up to #47!
ha kay *starts slideing one side to another*
well this is awkward
I clearly remember channel 9 in KC doing a "teen slang" story in the 90s: "'In the house' means 'hip' or 'with it.'"
Wtf , perrie was at zayn's apartment last night ? Um no .
Grand Opening today 10-7pm 110 Morningside NE. Don't miss out on the 15% discount ! Come see us for your favorite scents.
really cute
Amazing ideas and conversations at #tocpdx yesterday. Portland is such a great place to be involved with publishing. Thanks to everyone!
“: I'm actually nervous...lol” U will be awesome. What's the topic? Come by the Madison tomorrow and practice :)
RT I thank God for #discernment and the ability to recognize it...So true! Must wouldn't understand!
I'm thankful that music is such a powerful voice in my life!
He loves to party 😳
I'm working club ambrosia
i am scared of facebook
It's been a long time since I talked to how you doing what's new???
"does digititizaton make the reader a user?" what happens to the practice of reading? - Eric Bulson
Great shots Adam, and those costumes are amazing!
Stay Beautiful with the care of Healthy hair by Racheal products.www.iamhealthyhairbyracheal.comNow available nationwide
Case-Shiller Index ended 2011 at new lows. The national, 10-city and 20-city composites are at the lowest level since mid-2006!
what that's awesome!! What can we watch in 3d?!
TSV 1860 v. Duisburg live on bundesliga.de radio. Nice lunch break.
Tomorrow I'm gonna fuck around with AE CS6 all day
first requests we've had for those subjects. :)
That awkward clap you do when something is really funny..
All interested Volunteers! We are having a Volunteer Wrangle tonight at City Hall from 5:30-6:30, all are welcome! City Hall Chambers
Participating virtually in the "Primary Care Forum: Integrating #PublicHealth and #PrimaryCare" from and
Yes, does amazing things to fight hunger. RT Do you know anyone who works at an organization that fights hunger?
- Welcome Pat! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Filming this week for Hansel and Gretel and then leaving for tour for a month! Stoked for the "Love/War Tour." So busy, but very fortunate.
Great run speedy!
Another great one..."you mannequin"
Laughed with him over the snowy madness of the first story in 2000. 1000s of people shopping the next 5 days & buying everything in stock.
My bucket got a sick lean, I play dirty but I look clean
Ready Set Tweet (A speedy guide to Twitter) is available for $2.99. This price is only temporary. Get it now... Very helpful....
#verizoniphone now set to be released with the same voice, data plans currently in place per #WSJ, in late January (pre-2/3)
lulz. On purpose? An American voting #Republicrat is like a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders...
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (16)
Got my license ! Drive the streets of Yonkers at your own risk!! Muhahaha
no no, it's Saturday t'sup yo?! :D
Sorry for including y'all n this childish stuff I jus can't stand dis
Wow! This sidewalk mask vendor has masks for every occasion, including "romantic role playing".
and would give anythng to say told U so to the TT haters a few years ago But hard 2 find them now a days since everyone is on TT bandwagon
Guys relax. Lebron will drop 45 and Wade will drop 40 and the heat will win by 20 in game 3 and take the series in 5
Giants practice tomorrow with my uncle For once I won't have to reply on for my gmen fix
30mins later, my mom pick me up!
happy belated to the man with the instantly recognizable style!
Att looking to buy t-mobile... Guess t-mobile is going to loose me as a customer. I'm not a fan of Att... Hello CDMA carriers!
we are so there!
That awkward moment when you go to the bathroom and your zipper is already down
Tech support has started sending us emails in all CAPS, inbox now looks like a desperately lazy #Craigslist ad.
. alum and Albuquerque native Brian Cavazos-Galvez called up to the hometown !
Hi there!!! How are you?
Can you name the first song that will be played on the patCAST when it converts into a radio show? If you can, you'll get a special prize!
You were humping your mattress this morning yell "A-rod, save me from chubacca!
Oh, I so wish! I had to leave this morning & am now back in Chicago for client meeting & to-dos. Have so much fun!!
Just tapped, Lips of Faith Super Cru (replaces No Equal Amber Larger) $10 growler fill
If you're late, I'm even more tardy. MT : I'm probably late to this party, but Ken Cosgrove's wife is Alex Mack?!
...-ended, this was seriously about how i have 665 followers... but way more fun as written!
Anyone on X-box live right now with all these great new games?!?!?! tell us what you are playing!!
Thank you for the follow Eric Your Wisdom Heart work is lovely.
RT Plans for the National Slavery Museum hit yet another snag
Do it! RT : & I found our future NY home!
Better yet, failure is only apparent.. It's making way for you to recieve the greater good!
BTW, Bev, our owner, raves about Cueva! Just looked at your menu.. Plantain crackers and goat cheese?! Sign me up! -Kerri
Same to you !
Tomorrow Caitlin will be at in the Yawkey Center from 10-2 with Alumna ... come visit us
I'll be there!! Go wolves
welcome back to Charlotte. We love having you as one of our champions.
Q: Best TV show on right now? Can't wait for Mad Men to start up --- love the vintage fashions they sport!
I love OU.
My refrigerator is purring...
Finally checking out is one of the most interesting actors these days.
Thank you!
Interesting how gas prices are 35 cents higher on all the main tourist arteries into
when are you coming back to Indiana?
lol “: Keep yelling your opinion to SCOTUS about Obamacare. Justices comb Twitter and blog comments at night for ideas.”
Thank you for the mention! It was great to be in Palm Beach and nice to see such activism.
Good peeps for
Revenue and Data Management
Yess i love talking to you guyz too !! :D #HomeGirlz untill my twitter life is over ! LOL
One thing I'm looking foward to this summer is ... ONE DIRECTION CONCERT! yay! (:
Why would you go somewhere when spring break is comin to a close???
Ready to go Home!!! now!!! hehe
Megan's bachlorette dinner at Zentan
Our burglar alarms are deafening and might impinge upon your own ability to concentrate on the art at hand ;)
yayyyyy ;) party downtown boy!
Meaning it stops to buffer on a clear and strong WiFi signal.
Goodbye Mr. Clark. Thanks for the memories.
that is awesome!
dude the Irish Tenors doc is my favorite
Self promo: most chill pens fan ever, if you follow me I follow you back. Ride or die Pens 4 life. I even watched as Letestu was #1 C (lol)
I find it interesting that comedy central thinks they r the sole arbiter of what can b considered comedy & what isnt.
we checked. That's an hour out of the way. :(
And us social justice & multicultural educators are supposed to help change these attitudes? That's why I'm goin to the gym AND happy hour.
well it was real nice while it lasted!
"What you don't see with your eyes, don't invent with your mouth."
I'm so used to dealing wit these hoes I know how to treat a real woman
Good Morning Gang and Happy Mommy's Day
So i've signed up for Netflix again. I'm surprised i'm back
Nothing like housin an XL coffee from Hortons in order to get in a groove
Must get to work.
Way to go getting your proposals in early. And you better be there no matter what. :)
Cookout and sweet frog are a 'thing'
I absolutely love Arron Asham! He's one of my favorites on the Pens.
we get excited when students create awesome music!
good friends will give you a wave goodbye but best friends will jump on you're back like a spider-monkey screaming"DON'T LEAVE ME!"
YES!! I thought you were gonna be in Baltimore?! Obviously we are gonna rage.
#TeamSharonNeedles for the win!!!
I'm sorry Kent.
FOLLOW BACK.. AND TELL PPL CHECK MY MUSIC OUT
Playing at Temple U's Edge Fest tonight at 7pm, Broad St @ Cecil B Moore Ave. Free and outdoors!
What's up TAAP fans!
Why don't you call the cold case squad and ask? That'd be more straight fwd. than assuming racism on twitter.
. have been on Twitter for like, 20 minutes and already have 1000 robot followers. Boing boom tschak!
Jaden had a T-ball game Sat and then we went to Stephens grandparents and they had tons of ppl, food and dancing!
$5 Shakes, Malts and Floats!
#ihatewhen i im talking to someone and someone else jumps in the convo
OMG G
touché on both accounts. See you soon.
Wholetime im high and been just sitting in the car in front of my crib for almost an hour now lol
unread emails are beginning to bite me in the ass.
#rebels = deer in headlights
can't wait for tomorrow!
RT RT : Dear Spider, Unless you pay rent in my house, YOU CAN'T STAY.
we're watching House and eating fish tacos...like a boss.
Have a day of art supply shopping ahead of me :) Life is good.
The list of things I don't care about includes Carrie Underwood.
that's what i thought.
Two w's closer to 36-4.
Goin out to the island to get el stonay
Mango smoothie with Olivia's Guiness chocolate cake is the perfect ending to an Epicurean home cooking week-end.
Gentlemen + Trust -Worthyness= A girls dream
Peacefully RT : "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting 2 improve the world." ~Anne Frank
I don't know what store gave me a canadian dime but whoever did it I hope you burn in hell.
I wonder what happen to the matching shoes...
“: Trey Songz did NOT invent sex. #IJustGoogledIt =/”
Be entered to win a free office for one year by liking us on FB!
*You stink.
It doesn't matter what i do! you'll never be mine again! so no matter what i do that won't change -.-
text me tomorrow if you go though.
hey there!
YES RT !! RT : Wait, is getting a treadmill desk? JEALOUS.
good for you!!! let me know how it all turn out. should give you free upgrade
Just added a 60 second execution pause in a rake script. Otherwise, the github API freaks out and stops responding (or something?)
thanks for the heads up on this, it isnt our intention to alienate people at the station.
RT : After earlier crash, VA Power is still on scene at 16th St/Buchanan St. Estimated re-opening of the street is 3 pm.
- Counting Crows suck. Hard.
Join us in the storyroom for Cuddletime, this morning at 1130! For babies not yet walking!
The moment I get over you & move on.. Is the moment you'll come crawling back to me.
Heading out on show floor
haha i love you too:):) and sure I will! :P
what r u doing tonight ? I'm at prime in uptown
Retweet if you know who A Meezy is!
Wtf is this!!
In what context? cmd+click works for me.
u welcome :)
feel better samuel i love u:-)
i want to so bad,but i can't afford it. Kinda bummed.
Hoping McNabb is hurt..for a loong time
Just kicked it with and on his tour bus for a and coast2coast interview
RT : Obama, in Reno,NV LIVE announcing new list with 5 items on it for Congress. I think a #obamalist hashtag game is in order.
all the black kids singing michael jackson<<<
What if we lived in a non-suppressed society? Politicians self-censor, women tame down so we don't threaten men... We have such potential!
do you know me? No? Ok thanks for playing.
Today's workout is going to consist of box jumps, weighted chinups, weighted rope climbs, and deadlifts! Can't wait :)
I Want To Be A Billionaire Warren.
RT if you don't like Jericho
yes , talked in the accent and everything talkin about tea and cherioos and shit .
Thanks much and likewise. Have a healthy interest in the Chilean wine industry. Cheers!
yes! Baseball game sometime this week? With ? Then we can do it..?(;
#twittertips my wallet look like a bible
Ur an popular rapper.. whose wealthy.. why the fuck r u still in the street life...
The ToyMaker is partially set in the town of Lidice which was destroyed during #Holocaust Read more about the show.
RT : Bears 7th-round CB Greg McCoy's four-year deal worth $2.16 million and includes a bonus just over $60,000, per a source.
check out my zombie research website and become an exclusive member for free ! www.sandovalnation.webs.com
I LOVE YOU COME BACK TO NY SOON XOXOX
God our Creator, your kindness has brought us the gift of a new morning. ~RT
retina! I like it!
camera take over:cheese,smile,laugh,shout,jump,run singer: what the hell who is the singer just kiding guys
It sounds like when you cylon on TWIG.
direct message
okay! I just want austin and keyra to see it!!(:
Crashing Cars on Unregular Radio In two days!
A team is being formed for a medical mission in the Amazon region of Brazil for May 19 – June 1, 2011. Contact Jean Broyles .
Go Organic - Your Skin Deserves It
I wish you would.
you're like royalty haha
ah tired
Cant even count the # of times "All These Things I've Done" has gotten me through a paper-writing impasse
Uhmmmm...not weird at all! That would be sweet. Literally. 😊🍰
": "It's never too late to be what you might have been.""
My boyfriend is eating a steak before dinner.
You had to have your camera to upload that one!
The Help, The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie, and there is one on my wish list that takes place in DC I will check
LOVE your program! Have a FB page?
"Leader of the Rebellion", "Employee #001" & "Videologist" are taken. How about "Truth Seeker" or "Head Honcho"
Janet Jackson killed it 8 years ago and no other has topped it.
oh okay then I am not offended bhahah I still love you.
Beauty may attract the admiration of the passing hour, but it is the richer beauty of moral worth...that commands the deepest reverence(1850
Ditto. RT So Texas over Cincy wasn't one of my better picks, I gather.
Working on the new house!(:
there isn't one 16 & pregnant where the dad doesn't leave. bitch come back & take care of your child!
He's too busy drinking coffee.
could just about purr right now.
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight for Ultimate Frisbee!!
Rev. Shuttlesworth, RIP
>> I appreciate the follow king
lol u hell
Gonna shower and get the day started! 👍
yea sure or yes sir? "yea sure...sir?"
Extending brand: problem with publishing is infastructure - need to quckily build &amp; release things. Distribution is now easier.
Wednesday needs to come sooner!
Its taken too long. I been waitn for like 4 days now
man spell something lol!
great to see you this week! Safe travels back to Detroit!
Jammin' to some old school Good Charlotte.
I know its weird ctfu but i love it!!!!
#SOMEDAY you will follow me..<3
We will be in PA very soon! :)
but its for julina so its worh it.
Thanks Frank - Enjoy your gift card! Please note you can combine your card with free shipping if you order 2 or more
It was thursday
That's why I make cocktails. They are mini homages to my tastes and predilections.... Drinking Tequila tonight?
some things were just meant to happen
did u get that email?
There are very few things worse than Friday evening traffic
warn your fans about !! Looks exactly the same....:/
I know. Me too.
its none of my business what an ex does, but when trust is broken its hard to get back a positive perspective about the past.
Pretty awesome huh?! Good for him but I just don't have the time to do...great idea though.
good morning hope every1 has a great day and if you are looking for a smog check we still have our discounts available at our website
Just happened upon your page, haven't seen your show yet but excited to learn more!
Enjoying 's session on Designing Experiences. Who else draws from Dewey and Maslow, and connects the dots to business value?
I really want orange juice.....
that awkward moment when no one cares.
You good?
Yo! MTV Raps greatest 40 moments is on VH1 so ah YEAH that's what will be on as I finish uploading my NHL debate video.
Although it may no longer be the most popular
Gearing up for the 1st day of shooting Season 2 of #teenwolf. This is going to be good.
Thinking about our friends at WFNX Radio right now. They've done a lot for us.
I am a not suspicious character I am simply peculiar...eccentric...
Anything for u Boss <3
Despite cooked foods draining my intelligence, I'm down.
So a fight breaks out on the bus....
whoa! I don't appreciate the disrespect! Shoot ill hop on twitter when I want cuz I'm grown
Daily Kos: The Geeks Should Inherit the World (Wide Web)
Electrolux and Artisan Agreement Marks First Step in North American Licensing ... - Exec Digital (press release)
was so great on loved it! Hilarious when he was about to do the AA on the host! It was great!
wow...that's...that's something...
Pick 24: The Great Divide: A Mathematical Marathon by Ann Dayle Dodds - Elementary (division)
thanks for coming out fellas. Always a good time.
Listening to the US Air Force Band play Journey on the mall
floatin down the river down in New Orleans, diggin the crazy scenes in French Quarter this weekend. Weather is terrific! Jazz and more jazz
loved hearing you speak last night - You're fucking hilarious and awesome!
I just finished the play "The Miracle Worker". Amazing, very good. Any other plays I should read?
I bet you John Mayer takes a shit like a douche.
don't skip tennis practice.
Woke up today alive so I really can't complain
Thanks for the #ff shout out.
DONT FORGET! Semi-Finals are TOMORROW! 7PM at the William Pitt Union! Admission is free so come support your friends and schools!!!!!!
I wipe away your tears come and hug me I love you like you love me
is barely twittering
You are braver than I am, then. You couldn't pay me enough to do what you do ;)
At my homie L.U.S.T party DUDE GOT SO MANY JAZZY WOMEN IN DERE!!! THINK IM BULLSHITTIN....100 TO 3
Quick Q: who do you get to do your games' graphic design/layout? Any recommendations for contract? Esp for cards. Many thanks!
yeah go to the box peace out vrbatta
sunset discgolf? yessir. time to try out these Innova Blizzard discs.
Grateful for paying work, and also that I can get some paying work that involves deeply exploring things that matter.
This hummus would be so much smoother if had bought me a for my birthday.
Dear Post Office, Please don't misplace any of the million invites that we worked so hard on, especially since I had to buy extra postage!
applebees then transformers 3 with the boys!!
Thats great. Did u get the score right or something? Thought city wld win tbh. I'm good thanks. Came down with illness after the game it ...
No, they keep coming for YEARS.
Empty and broken....
- You can also check out Mt. Evans after practice. Much closer and it's the highest paved road in North America.
Mark Newman is a freaking idiot.
. The #CBO says cuts to #CHIP could kick 300,000 kids off health coverage.
Oh. So this IS what I'm doing with my life.
We keep it Grown. We keep it Sexy. There's A LOT in the works for 2012...you DON"T want to miss ANYTHING...TRUST
Want to read stories on every #MLB team from the local papers in 1 place? www.ussportspages.com
Now that would have been awesome! RT He really should have just gone on "Ellen."
RT : Congratulations to the team that will represent USA in Lyon in 2013 - Richard Rosendale & Corey Seigel
so great to hear. Hope to see you soon!
NOTY Fetzer: online teachers always have a plan B, work harder than they did in trad classroom, and train themselves if necessary
Gonna do a lil afternoon renegade INB4 Sessions on Freqbase, live in 10min
Best wishes to all those running the Boston Marathon!!!
Thanks for the post on your blog. Much appreciated.
Bynum 1 block away from a triple-double. Even Kareem didn't get 10 blocks in a playoff game...
need instead to ask "why are libraries not resourcing MORE staff to do Web archiving?"
Knock KnockWho's there !Candy !Candy who ?Candy cow jump over the moon !
let's go!
HS girls soccer: 50 min into the game Oregon scores. Panthers up 1-0 on Edgewood
smoke something
I agree. Great game by Bucky and the coaching staff. Just a frustrating final 15.5 seconds.
Eating Jimmy John's and using the wifi at Starbucks. This is going to be a fat time for me.
Also, make sure to RT so everyone gets free cookies! You don't have to buy cookies to get free cookies, you just have to visit us! 313 E 3rd
In response to our local fireworks ban, try the LCP's homemade 'hood fireworks recipe!: Emptied gunshell powder + rolling papers + caution.
That's awesome RT : I also have students run EdCafes on their thesis statements for part of the writing process
"Do I contradict myself? Very well then I contradict myself, (I am large, I contain multitudes.)"~Walt Whitman
I have a feeling lots of baby boyz in WI will be named Clay this year!
handing out #thenamesake at my old high school this Monday. What a honor to put my favorite book in the hands of young minds.
Hosting a couple of colleagues from the Biggio Center at Auburn. Great conversations about teaching ctr websites, Twitter accounts, etc.
I need to review a jazz concert for a class, but I'm still looking forward to the music, something to eat and a good brew.
#do you #titter on the
Loving the list feature...not sure why I didn't play with it earlier.
you were apart of the first all female #WMMA fight card!
I'm so pissed that my IPod didn't come today. You just can't trust people.
About to give another local reading - still get nervous!
Thursday power day. Leggo.
Just pre ordered Believe! :) and I uploaded a photo for the mosaic <3
I'm starving. Haven't eaten all day. :(
How does RF's goalie Carter Hutton not get a game suspension for his actions as well?! Unbelievable!
thanks Erik!
Nothing better than baseball season
I'll beat u up
plz tweet back
Why is Justin beiber on American idol?
Hahahah, I know right!
If the dress that's on you is wrinkly, a good thing to do is bend your knees to make the fabric taut and roll back & forth w/a curling iron
TOMORROW BABY!!!!
Pretty sure i've never cried as much as i have these past two days.
“: RT : Kudos to JHUs Becky Clark for scoring David Simon as tonight's Banquet Speaker #aaup11”
Seen it twice, once in IMAX both in 3D. I'm going again this weekend...it's A-mazing.
Why do folks get that gnawing feeling that it's not just the bad guys we're up against, it's the evil behind them that's the problem?
Excitedly I got me one, I got a runner. And with that he aimed and fired his 30/30. I hope Mad Jack was looking at the Beautiful blue sky
in data session - students with chronic absenteeism at risk of dropping out had no relationship with an adult in the school. Sad
Kids who have been abandoned by bio-mom, Mothers day should still be celebrated. It should be the day to recognize who is really there for u
It's 11:03pm...keep going!!!! I'm just sayin:)
Trying to get a del sol
Fingers crossed for the right place. It is exciting to hear that you're heading that way.
HEARD THAT PLACE IS POPPIN!
Don't like being awake and not talking to Jose.
Real Interesting Blog, Keith!
i may rip my eyes out
give me Manu in a game if 21 it usually turns into a game of slop shots and he is the king!
good to have you back on the outside. did I tell you I was lockedup a coupla weeks ago?
yes. He's so dreamy.
have a really bad headache
Eggs. Check. Sausage. Check. Cheese. Check. English Muffin. Check. Could it get any better?
The youth is sick
Need more boots! Mother said I can't wear my cowboy boots anywhere except the barn because they smell like horse crap!
Make sure to follow and support as he travels to #GoldenGloves National tournament!
of course!
Some attorneys in the industry are now billing $1,250 an hour per the Wall Street Journal.
About to see my play the #orioles. Hopefully I'll see !
This paper.
Rollin in the Deep, my favorite song about food fried in the South.
This game is getting intense. Vandy takes the lead 51-53!
Reminder: Christmas happens on December 25th every year. They didn't change it. Turn the music off.
what an awful tweet.
It's just about that time...
Happy Friday! Here's to no cracked eggs this weekend! Rise+Design every day. Like a boss!
thank u for #peacefrombrokenpieces as I was reading I felt myself become my best me, my warrior woman, bless u for sharing!
i know I'm in the vast minority here, but I didn't care for THE HOST.
Happy National Small Business Week to all the other small businesses in the U.S.!
Help! What kind of tape is best to use on a car? Duck tape? Or sth else? Need to cover a crack b/w headlight & bumper. Thx in advance!
#HoodFebreezeScents homemade fried chicken.
literally sat with my hand covering my mouth so i wouldnt scream and wake up my parents.
Just saw a infomercial on a "Buzz-Saw" and thought...where is in this?
my penis hates me today. Dicks don't do weather well. Balls are even worse. Cowards.
Gregory Bateson, 1970: "My motto is 'divide in order that you may not be conquered.'"
So true. You just grew. :) RT : Think Friday 13th is dreadful? Wait till Saturday the 21st. But what doesn't kill us makes us stronger!
aw love u too E! Haven't seen you in forever 😥
doesn't deserve this
i wish you were still apart of my life. <3
:K love!
the sarcasm was unnecessary.
Wow! Atlanta..
this is genius! I might give it a try this weekend, thanks for sharing
Up early back on grind mode, where u at?
Lmfao they some stupid ass putas!
One phones calling limit has been reached
The Sears Tower will always be the Sears Tower. I don't care what England says.
I wish I can vent on fb. But No! I have too much family members on there -_-
- Just noticed that I was credited for only one of two flights on Ethiopian Airlines last year. Can you help me sort this out?
Some people are worried about the wrong things and ask the wrong questions
As I have said, the only significant thing about Barack Obama's bio for the Harvard Law Review is that it is a good joke.
Oh man #LoveGame3! I hope you win love you girl!
is looking for film crew members that are available to work Fantasy Fest in Key West, Florida from October 28 to 31, 2011. Please email me!
Neon Bible...this track never gets old. Love the new album too. Thanks for making amazing music.
This girl keep callin me Z I don't even want to correct her no more....*shakes head an walks away*
Ah man.....the new Kellz. It lacks both the uplifting qualities of "Happy People" and the raunch from something like "Double Up".
I installed for the first time last week for a digital project I'm working on. Easy install. Good luck!
i hopefully get my tax refund on feb. 21st! yippee!
im so afraid to tweet about him i feel like he'll see it...my tweet about him walking a woman to the bathroom omfg if he saw..
time to slice 'n dice my sim card :)
My stars said I would meet the woman of my dreams tonight.
Thanks! RT #FF these career experts:
I hereby declare today my video editing today.
Working. bosses don't buy 'rockies fever' excuse
Its good to see people from around my way make it, D.C./VA you killed the Boston College show in April!!! Keep holding it down fam!!!
Dang. They're getting desperate.
nice jerseys!
Meh, I dunno. I'm kind of over solo shows.
new word: "Slack-a-demic": the unhurried scholar
Buy Now - Sell Later - Make Huge Profits - Only in America!
where you been, btw? Gonna be at bocce tmrw?
Bloomberg TV's "Taking Stock With Pimm Fox" 5:30 PM EST TOMORROWNIGHT
a sleepless night...up since 2am. On the up side, I did swap some messages with Paleface on the road...PF and Mo kick some serious ass.
What's this go Heat stuff ?? You turnin on your home town boys??
So good! Love it!
It's 12:30 in my heart. Thank you KLock.
"Overuse of the word 'grace' leads to our avoidance of naming the Holy Spirit at work. It masks our functional deism." Jason Vickers// Ouch
probably won't tweet 10pEDT often; seems so dern late back east. Personally? I'm a night owl, its fine (better?) for me ..
dont hurt your arm patting yourself on the back.
Thanks for the follow!! :)
thanks for the support - looking forward to our event at the Phoenix Zoo on 4/21, Hope you can make it! Haven James is playing!
Beautiful afternoon:-)
dude, you gotta give Salma a tie breaker! Ungentleman like...
not for all girls
ok so i got the maps but the playlist wont start a game. this sux worse than waiting for the maps!!!
Your fucking drama smells of implosion.... 
Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep
Thanks for the RT boo. Stay tuned for more vids to come
my pleasure Dan have a wonderful New Year filled with love, light and a little enlightenment where needed.
Thank you for following Peterson Chiropractic in Manhattan
help the SDCC reach 1,000 fans by Friday by clicking on the "Suggest to Friends" button!
You're making my back hurt again. . . .
No. Whatever makes YOU happy. And that "whatever", is me. :D
Yes a pencil...As in that is what's going to be the only thing left of our public schools if Gray gets elected
Thanks for the RT!
wish i could retweet that
Madison police say they will assist inside Capitol if asked, but would only remove ppl on Chief's order for public safety reasons
damn I would but I have no sitter
wow!!!!!! What a segment!
Directed kid and dad to storytime.
yep! $8 corned beef sammich w/fries ...$2 beer brats and hot dogs!
I just DMed u check ur box
People behind the plate at the UT game yelling at ump on pitches that aren't close
What does your event entail? Sounds like a great cause :)
NBC moved Chuck to Friday last year for its final 13-episodes. I'm interested in seeing how things are without EPs
When it comes to #landscaping, create the steps you wish to take and prioritize them according to your desires
lol @ coconut ERL!!! I stay say ferl, erl, and berl so I'm not mad!
RT : New draft of Kline ESEA bill includes 3 percent state-setaside for tutoring/school choice programs.
Lebron is still better than KD overall
thanks for the tip - we ha lunch there today! Good food, tho the guac side was pretty meager.
love wheeling 25 year old broads at the bar when they think I'm 21.. get some!!
how are the slopes?? Always wanted to go theree..
congrats on the TV interview today you rock " a by baby "
#ODU brings infield in, Rob Fonseca sends baseball out for three-run shot. #Northeastern takes 9-3 lead w/ no out, B7.
Does a one legged duck swim in circles? RT Should the NBA factor in the past when disciplining Metta World Peace, yes or no?
SHOUTOUT to !!thank you!:)FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK!😃
NO GIRLFRIENDS TILL AFTER WE TOUR
it was a good run for her. She needed it. Hopefully she can build on it & turn her luck around.
iRockz My Heart On My
Sticking to my roots. Rock Chalk all the way baby!
thanks 4 the heads up
TONIGHT - SNL with DJ's J-Roc & G Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Place To Dance!!!!!
only you can wear themm !:)
Attention all SWH fans! Send us more pics of you in our merch and we'll post it in our fan photos section! Represent!
Ok boys, let's give QPR, and my blood pressure, some help. Score another!
I wish I can take my ass to bed!!
Gym to run my butt off.
YOU Guyz Rock! Keep the info and + vibes commin
Got a DM from you - have you been hacked?
all i need is some motivation to do this essay >.<
If that's your worst confession...I think you're just fine! LOL!
Congratulations to Mike Rogers of Columbia, MO! Mike is the winner of our latest custom guitar strap giveaway.
Having pho at the new place on cap hill. Ba bay. Which just makes me think "ba bay booey". So already I'm enjoying myself
I saw you got the botox for your hyperhydrosis? I had the surgery about 4 years ago & I'm so thankful I found it!
I'm sure they said the same thing when the telephone was invented.
Just had a delicious double burger at Shack Shack. Goodbye bread, old friend, I'll miss you.
searching online for peacockish patternish fabric
rather have a fan in a free or cheap seat than no fan at all.
I hear you...
Jay Z in the morning can cure all problems!
": That's Collin's second goal of the season and Zusi's sixth assist. Zus leads the league in assists."
“It's not the will to win that matters-everyone has that. It's the will to prepare to win that matters.” - Bear Bryant
I don't think I'm going to have FX when I move. Will have to watch AHS online next season.
My job has been fun building this site from the street upward, I been in some hott spots gathering my footages. I'll be n da UK soon Sonia.
you guys like what you hear? get us up to 2k likes and we'll release another song along w/ a show date. help us out!
Regarding 'Tess of the d'Urbervilles': "Damn, that woman was in the wrong place at the wrong time in the wrong century." - 50 Shades of Grey
Ayoo ICONiacz.!(: -_- i lost 5 followers...i see how it is ;P
My dads morning got ruined cause he couldn't find his coffee cup. Lol
on it now thanks. going to take first picture very very soon.
In extremely related news, I get to write a headline now.
I will be playing Whitney all day!!
Corporate & Private Events ★ Event Coordination ★ Event Management ★ Consulting ★
"Obama has to use a cartoon character instead of real people to justify his record." ~ MItt Romney on Obama's "The LIfe of Julia"
You can render humanity no greater service than to make the most of yourself.
man I'm low til Friday cuz
thanks for the follow back
I know that seemed out of left field (hehe) but seeing your tweet reminded me of comments at the end of the IHE article.
Memphis made plays when it counted. Tough loss for Clips, they dug themselves too deep through 3 qtrs.
haha doesn't hurt to give in ;)
Totally agree!!! RT : "Perfect" is the enemy of happiness.
Nah man I'm excited as hell. Love spendin time with my family. Especially my cousins ahah uk
A lot of our members have already signed up for #RWA #conference...are you going?
I like to chop up the veggies pretty small but of course it is up to you
ha you had my heart & soul....
There's no need to rush. If something is meant to be, it will happen. In the right time, with the right person, for the best reason.
"I AM NOT YOUR BABY DADDY!" LOLOLOL Nick >> you
too many to list in 140 characters or less ;-). What sounds good to you today?
You're welcome!
“ Don't take everything I say personally. If the shoe doesn't fit… Don't fuck up your feet tryna put it on...”
Headed down to to check it out! You should be there too!
I'll get one :)) , where I get it from ?
what!?!?! This changes everything. Next your going to tell me Weird Al has been wearing extensions. Is anything sacred!!
Tell the teacher that most professional writers do that too and to back off.
There are 3 things you can't recover:the word...after it's been said. The occasion...after it's been missed.The time...after it's gone.
What has everyone been listening too lately?
This is where the Kinect seems to come into it’s own
wow...been too long! having too much fun! haha
we keep talking about doing it but were worried we wouldn't have time
"Maybe I have it & I don't know." -owner of a store when asked about tums #miscommunication. What do u have/don't & don't know it?
What a wedge shot! So clutch congrats!
Taking an hour for blonde to show!!! #DarkHairProblems 💁
Ok, i need your help, Could u help me ? it would mean a lot to me (:
loved the event. Keep us in the loop on future opportunities to connect at
"Don't wait for the perfect moment, take the moment and make it perfect."
“: so anxious ."^ stuck in my head
I couldn't find him when I put in Aaron! CHANGE YOUR NAME!
“: how everything going bruh is that shit hard” naw it's a cake walk..u gotta humble ya self thou, dats wats hard!
It's very odd to spend the day watching romantic comedies with strangers and then get paid $15 for it.
Seriously,no one touched L-BJ and he was deeply hurt that no foul was called. such a fucking baby
Thanks for coming by today!!! I got u as soon as we open!!!
got frosting all over my touch screen ~•^•~
Onnly one wine when it's this hot- #VinhoVerdes from Portugal. Lots of great choices, fresh with a hint of bubbles.
Kenny, it is meek, humane, and temperate
"Don't worry honey, cleavage makes your cross hang straight"
loved you in "The Pact" at Sundance. Thanks for following.
#healthy garbanzo bean and potato salad with kalamatas roasted red pepper n saffron aioli! Superb!
i'm not ... could care less
join today post highlight tapes and photos make player profile and blog about player all free get free exposure today
I'm hungry! AGAIN! :/
Getting paper !!!'
Hiccups in class <<<<
Love you too! : Haha love you (:
He looks so sad and lost and ill. Time for an intervention?
what up bro been along time how r u....
SOMEONE tweet mere : D ?
It means you're supposed to try to figure out what the prof thinks is best...not what you might think is best. Which is bullshit.
Happy Valentines Day:)
Ch. 11 Annual operating cost per inmate in 2001 for Alabama was $8,128
Krissy birthday is over. It's happy belated after 12. Smh lol
When I'm sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead C:
good day just read some algorithm papers now planning new visualization tools to show off the work.
Not our friend Scott. lol! I haven't heard from him in awhile actually.
Give yourself enough time to warm up before and cool down after exercise.
Terrible fucking day.
oh no, it's never too soon for such things! People keep sending my mom Rainbow Bridge condolences...
Having a blast. Thanks Jones Family come and see us again next Wednesday!!!!
lol wow. Too bad we kind of broke the bottom of it......
I get it. But it doesn't have to be that way. The guys who play hard deserve praise even when things are going bad IMO
Roads once traveled can lead to paths unexplored.
A brilliant member of our team asked an insightful ? 2day, "Are we a SOLUTION or R we a Device?" I'm Firmly ensconced in the Solution camp.
Ebony on #ANTM just said "I didn't get chose..." She's officially out for me.
That's awesome!
lol you meant a purse, didn't you?
Fist pumps for Miranda lol, this is awesome love! Keep up the wonderful work, continue to shine & lead by example! 😉
Thanks for the RT!
Registered for the SAA meeting in San Diego and immediately got sucked into a hotel researching black hole. I want to stay in every hotel!
arrived safely in Chi for #cocoaconf Would like to hang out, but I am just too durn tired. Need to rest up for the tutorial tomorrow!
Hello Brooklyn how you doing where you going can i come too
me too:(
cannot stop crying. oh my.
Hey fans!! So who's coming to rock out with us on Friday?
tweeting at 5am. im such a college student
Love Love Love Love ♥
I will be there! C u at FB202!
Getting nervous about driving on the left. Countdown to Ireland: 3 days.
Number 4 throwing picks....then Culpepper to Moss
Special Prosecutor: GET TO THE POINT!
Gettin ready for my 2deep niggas to get in and !!!!!!!!!!
The day is over after 17 hours
Media email from Bdwy Across America's Matt Porter says: keep your tix if you were at today's #lesmisindy matinee. More info Mon.
Awesome surprise of the day- just bumped into Ralph Bronner (As in Dr. Bronner's soap) :)
We up here way to early!
There's a story behind every person. There's a reason why they're the way they are. Think about that before you judge someone.
Mike, where are you located? Your website has no address listed.
Congrats on nixing the caffeine! What alternatives have you been drinkig? flavored water? regular water!?
It is the province of knowledge to speak and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
You've got out on the edge every time you call.
i love you! <33333
we need to do lunch/happy hour later in the wk! When r U free!?
Great stuff. Bring home a win
no word yet. as soon as I hear re: classes/rehearsals I will announce
looks like vomit RT : need that whole pack RT : badly RT : Yo i want them white/gold VIs
Visit our City Year Milwaukee blog...there are lots of cool things to see www.cityyearmilwaukee.wordpress.con
Time to clock out and see what's going on at the "Round Bar"...Slide in for one!
follow me on twitter
fear cannot exist in the presence of trust and faith. It's the perfect example of "three's a crowd."
I'm feeling more and more apt and in-line with my career aspirations! You have to revisit that once in a while.
my wife loves U guys She walks around the house saying "You want to help me or what?"
“: y'all still at tha red gym?” yep still here
Obama lied. Expanded the wars. Prolonged patriot act, signed NDAA. I'm not voting for him again. Ron Paul!
watch the ticks!
#WhoeverSaid The sky is the limit lied , because we have walked on the moon
forreal. yeah i got to fill in this week tuesday and thursday all day - b/c they don't have avid this friday b/c of minimum day
Everything in #lincolnpark is worth a tour...naturally ;)
I want a a truck like that but filled with pudding. MT DC celebrity sighting ... just passed #pothole killer :-)
Im bout to fall asleep
Don't know why I play golf?
Kevin Stott's got his head between his cheeks...
Last year I came to parade of classes & then to DC to see this year he came here first and now I'm at the parade
HUGE SUMMER MEMBERSHIP SALES ENDS TOMORROW!!!! Call for details 206-283-7246.
If you still haven't gotten a copy of Passion 101 or Your Best Day Today, see me June 8 at Nubian Bookstore in Southlake Mall from 3 - 7p
Ok will do!:)
it's illegal to be ghetto at 1:30 in the morning.
Playing Hotel Indigo (West End) with & tonight @ 7 PM!!!
Are you sure you didn't lose a bar bet to some toy company exec?
RT Got my 3yr old all set for school. Grabbed keys. Turned around & he'd changed into Spiderman costume. Late, but smiling.
S/o to doin it big in the underground!!!!
Thanks for the retweet!
little five points is one of the COOLEST places in Atlanta ! Check out the thrift stores they are the best !
proud of my boys. the outcome sucks, but they did well...especially without Kendall Marshall.
I wanna stay UP ALL NIGHT! :D
its cool take your time.i have so many ppl i am watching on twitch right now.i can watch them in till you come back. :)
GET THE NEW ALBUM ENTITLED "THE END IS WHERE WE BEGIN"! IN STORES 4/17/12 VIA
Happy #Easter. You fools!!
lmfao x) i used to tweet a lot, so that might be it lol.
nothing is worse than the mini heart attack you get when you accidentally call someone and you're trying to end the call..
So glad you reprinted "Here to make friends." I think of the phrase all the time and finally ordered me a shirt.
they're from Canada. So I guess we can give them a break...this time.
didnt know that life is so awesome and is this challenging.
Buying #followers just shows that you have as much #integrity as people who buy prostitutes. If you gotta buy 'em, you don't deserve 'em.
Gonna get sunburnt today...... ☺🔥
we hope so too!
Good morning twitfam! Hope everyone had a great Mother's Day weekend. Back to
Holly cougar
“: This team is so poorly coached it makes me sick” another game in the
Get your legal documents served by Expeditious Process Servers in Sacramento, CA.
I agree. You make a really good point.
I feel you
Looking forward to the day when we can travel instantly to locations telekinetically.
If everybody would just be REAL about everything, the world would be so much of a better place .
2 and a half weeks then... Jamaica!!!
Nix baby
N/P I'm Still A Hitta
Oh my poor feet are killing me =(
Im confused as fuck
Suffice to say the list of shows not to watch is WAY longer than the "to watch" one.
yeah I would love to be sent to do all those awesome things for free!!
GoodMorning Fellow Tweeters :)
A true, uncompromising American visionary...RIP Steve Jobs.
At karaoke! <3
So, basically, the next 36 hours are gonna be a shitstorm of rain and snow. Great. Welcome back Spring.
what does that mean? :0
Augmtd Reality: extra data; impact education in 2-3 years; could be additional signage; tutorial; bridge virtual and phys
your recovery period will get shorter if you and B hang in NYC more often. Thanks for sharing. Great weekend. Big finish for M 2.
I wish things with us had been easier all along,Yeah I know what happened, but you didn't really need to make that big of a deal now did you
I have to make so many appointments today.Hair.Nails.brows & dinner reservations
Harry gets an A for effort tho #FormerPlayers #FreePass RT : Hey Harry on 107.5 the plural of series is still series. Not serieses
Just added to #WFX2012 Creative Animation Studios
Watching KDKA news. I love when live TV shows or radio shows take calls from the dumb ass yinzer public. They just don't know when to talk
wish I was near that
Gah! alright. we'll try to work something out. My seat is a lawn chair and a 32-inch TV hooked up to an iPhone.
I don't need a map because Melissa has it all memorized.
Looking for candidates to fill a #solo #Law #Library #Manager role in DC, candidates must have some management experience and 4-6 years of …
#That FAKE laugh you do when YOU don't understand what somebody just SAID to you.
Your life can only be as free as your perception of it.
The heat must be coming back cuz my TL is turning back up. Lol
Good morning....gotta go 2 work 2day
RT : It makes me feel a little guilty, how passionately & unequivocally I adore my children when they're asleep.
Some FP code can be easily shown to be better than non-FP. Some FP code just seems like code golf
We are excited that you are excited! Thanks for helping get the word out!
Damn Celtics come on!!!!!!!!
“: I love #TeamBieber. No one can stop this family” we love you so much more !
you bad
All that aside. June is STUNNING
A good reason to use Facebook - For every one Facebook fan, your company is said to receive 20 extra website visits per year.
It's not as offensive as Gary Thorne comparing Pete Weber's courage to a Wal-Mart greeter reluctantly helping on a spill
Congratulations To The 6th Man Of The Year
Just picked up our first catering job of the year. Can't wait. Thanks Brown Mackie College!
Checc me out
it's been awhile uncle. How's the mojo?
Total time on the call: 30 min, including hold time and two dropped calls. These people better not suck.
Oh yer watching tv
Seriously! Weirds me out.
their surprise is odd given their line of work, no?
SOX: #Royals take 4-3 win to capture series win over the #RedSox in Missouri for first time since 2006. Back home to Fenway tonight.
This guy loves calling me a school girl.....what's up with that?!?!
Bark For Life this weekend at Jerry Cline Park from 6-8pm. Christine and Alia will be there with Sammie, Misa and Nym - hope to see you!
That is so exciting! Congrats my friend! Sounds like you're having a blast!
Flip Flops as well. Somehow that still creeps me out.
Happy Earth Day!!!!
Over 200+ listed companies on StaffingMarketplace! Don't miss out and get listed today!
Looking forward to this Thursday ! I know your about wild out and put it down in So Fla K Hart!!
I can't wait for the book and now I want the skirt from the font cover too.
RT if you remember Tyler, The Creator & Chris Brown's twitter argument! ahahah he called him a lightbulbb thoughh ?
I love my right and my bff my sista thanks my
exactly. But ill get 23+ miles on them at Ragnar and another 14+ on my Type A5's
it's still trying to recover from your wrath
If you want to recapture your youth, just cut off his allowance. - Al Bernstein
you know datttt !
It's friday Friday! Gotta get down on Friday!
they say Worthy. But nothing confirmed yet
: Its possible my argument hasn't been entirely hypethetical. See previous tweet.
#oomf has really frustrated me lately.
It could've been Auto Corrected. You never know. And plus I mean it rhymes! 😳😳
God is good all the time .
Why'd u lie? You should of told me first
Glad to be home from 10 days in Texas... Stay tuned for a fun announcement on Wednesday that you won't want to miss!
Feels good to be 20!
interesting story! side note: Is that iFly pic from the one at Universal City?
just working and hitting the gym. You?
R.I.P Donna Summers, your words of encouragement will always be a source of inspiration for me.
Happy Birthday Sam<3
I agree with you. He's useless. If he was a GOOD doctor, he'd be in a hospital full time. NOT on tv.
Does Chris Parente have any jokes in which Dave Fraser isn't the butt of the joke?
Note to all your #pr ppl out there: PLZ make sure what u send media is NOT a 6 pg email. And make the time and day easy to find
Wednesday... Charles and Baltimore...beautiful 73 degrees for a grilled cheese
send me that fuckers info everyone get together and report that dumb fuck
Or just ignore me, I don't mind. I mean it's not as if I wanted to talk to you or anything
Black jack cola!!
Saw a Panda Express with a drive-thru window for the first time. Sadly, the drive-thru did nothing to improve the taste of the chow mein.
q2: Wow, GOOD JOB finding a position and congrats. Not easy in this economy. Srsly
Did you get a copy already? Let me know what you think about the songs, please. Thanks. =)
that stat has its flaws
I know someday being upset about this will all seem stupid , but for now it hurts :/
jeah eats truely Rihanna you is the best my successor
Agree no me gusta la photo.. Did you trade me in 4 a drag queen :/ can be your bff but you can only have #1gaybff me
We're playing tonight in Philly with , and down and get weird with us you fucks!!!
Q6 #TechTea #Ultrabook A few minutes, but it runs a lot of software. The Rapid Start tech would be awesome to have.
Studio 24/7 congratulates Chelsea Alden for booking a LEAD in a Feature Film - shoots in June.
i want to work with you musically
well, what a guy that is. He did you a serious solid.
Overheard well-dressed AA woman@ kroger: I aint never seen a preacher wearin no muthafuggin tight body shirts.
Congratulations! Our Style Agents are coming for YOU!
True. Plus? FREEDOM!!!
watching yall on ! (;
Thanks for following us! -Dove Express
Lol! The financial risks of watching beauty vids on YouTube...Will definitely keep the vids coming. You'd better do the same : )
Love the sound of steady rainfall at night.
All out to join us at #SaveOurClinics at 12pm tomorrow. Large coalition of Clergy will be announcing their full support for our movement.
omg... what happened!
how was this past weekend in Boston? Sorry I couldn't make it out, man.
Give me a call if you were thinking about giving that perfect candy arrangement as a christmas gift!!!
I am at a wedding reception that has a camera on a crane.
It's the way I’m feeling I just can't deny But I've gotta let it go
either way id be surprised if he plays for ND again. Not getting the starting job...he'll transfer.
"Why does water have an expiration date? I mean you don't take a drink of water and spit it out and say 'Ew, it's stale!'"
Clinical tomorrow!.. Vincentian bright and early 👵👴
Wish I had a girl to say goodmornin to =\
Playoffs finally! Way to go
can I get a RT to grab some followers so a beer league west coast hockey team can get a sponsor or 2 follow:
She better
ALPHA NEWS: Eta Lambda, Alpha Rho, Alpha Phi, and Zeta Mu Wins Southern Region Charles H. Wesley Award
Rick Santorum is what happens to you when you accidentally walk in on your parents doing "it".
it means "How are you doing today my good friend??"
Thx for checking out the blog! :D
She's over Smirnoff Ice?
Feeling Good..Can't Complain..All I Need Is A Lil Rain...take a break with me:)
lets work
RT : When we dismantle policies that criminalize students of color then we can talk about if we still need Affirmative Act ...
Now where did we put our mechanical bull? Someone find that dog that will wear a cowboy hat. Thank god we have an illustrator.
Working on UC's virtual campus bookstore
aw thanks Devri!
ya know, I used to live in Germany.
Thanks for following!
Am hoping Barry Manilow will hop next door to the Lyle Lovett concert at the Fillmore for a once-in-a-lifetime duet Saturday.
I cnt breath
Thanks to everyone who came out to lessons last night ! Msg us your email to get the step sheets and weekly reminders!
you receive an email when your app passes cert. Then you either publish it or wait for it to be published.
Too funny. Do you bake? If so, pumpkin muffins are super easy. Better than impulse ice cream. ;)
it takes 21 days to form a habit! and 7 to break one!
Hating someone is not hurting them its just hurting you from having so much anger within yourself
This asian lady drops a case of sunglasses at least one time everyday and always got the same dumb look on her face
15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.
i like watching my strange addiction because it’s like ‘hey i cry about bands but that lady is addicted to smelling doll heads’
She just tried to ruin the mood something serious lol
Tobias was a nevernude, which means exactly how it sounds
and it all sounds so good and soo good for u!
no sir. Its game 7.
#Yankees Rivera carted off field with apparent knee injury
yess! Cause my bf will be home tomorrow for break from college.
Be one with my femin-ay!!
WHY AM I SO HUNGRY
That's because it stopped being relevant years ago.
Testify on my nigga.. I'ma blow up yo house, for the next few years I'll be in control of the south #TheHottestTopic aka
omg...i hope she gets demoted for all of this
Visualize this thing you want. See it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blueprint and begin. Robert Collier
#Iona can ball.
freshman year is finally done!
Awesome! Thanks for sharing -
whys this train so fuckin crowded
Is having a hard time getting going this morning.
And what do you do to come home to yourself?
Yes but "written" just means "published" right? So like folk songs, roots could be deeper. Also, links you posted appear dead.
I try my best to feel like a young girl again... i'm growing up too fast :/
I'm sorry buddy! Come up here!
Peace going to bed
Amile Jefferson is set to make decision Tuesday, per
Heard Dakota just arrived.
Welcome to the rotation Estrada! Strikes out the side in the first.
Wait, Payton Manning doesn't want to win a Super Bowl!?!
ah stupid questions I missed by two!! Oh well next time I'll kickass <3
Brilliant flash of light right outside my window and then loud boom. Yikes
Thanks guys!
Ugh. I hate my name. :(
Gettin my #fringe on!
haha sweet. I've done the StarTrek sequel,Glee,Gangster Squad but all background work I'm waiting for my first TV or movie break ;)
No school today! Eating breakfast then going to work on things(:
Gosh. I miss him.
Solo show next Friday night at The Court in New Brunswick, NJ. Get your requests in now.
please keep that forever
2X": “ Im very understanding but I feel like ppl dont hear me out!"
Fabulous weekend with old friends. As usual, so happy to be headed home.
Watching Benjamin Button. Never gets old
Then who did I kill?
that does get annoying
Surprise, surprise. Komen quickly reinstates Planned Parenthood funding after intense public fury. Politics+medicine=explosion.
Hahaha seeing things you didn't really see
My sister doesn't wanna share her wingstop 😡 #whatabitch 👊
Congratulations on new position as CEO of - can't wait to see where you take it next!
I find it odd that libs dont speak out against sharia when its worse than anything Chistianity would do to freedom. NT
Money money money... how much do you think 'The Scream' will fetch at auction? RT
I dont even see my promo on your blog..
after this season I AM OFFICIALLY DONE W/IDOL!!
If you weren't already told this today .... know that you're Amazing and you can do anything you set your mind to!! Follow your dreams!
Cloudy in Orlando today...miss the sunshine!!! But, enjoying the day! :-)
Temporary relief for Sunday night anxiety.
you & better GO! “: NBC is sponsoring 2...and I still dont think I can... unless I walk lol..."
watching on should kids goto college
Good luck to and the rest of my guys from Team Nebraska! Do work in Arkansas this weekend!
If you don't swear off wrestling for 3 months.
Great performance from IIOS during halftime of
Obviously, i like the way you think
Get Weight Loss Tips and Causes of Weight Gain
hey bro
this guy on my fb just called country music not music. Hes not getting away with that. #thingsidontlike:
was disappointing tonight. #buzzbeachball Bush stole the show, for sure.
How about an underground tunnel? (could double as a wine/spirits cellar) ...
shame...shame, where is my drum?
#WideAwake, so my tweets waken up.
Fred! RT : blubber soul
thats just plain stupid
I ain't even mad
Today was definitely a #GoodAssDay ^_^
Oh yeah! Let's get it :D
come watch me on blog
Did I smart-ass tweet bout CWS getting Big Donkey from the Nats last Dec? Ya, I think so. Ignore it, OK? His mojo was in his appendix.
My man #roooooonnnnnnddddddooooo🍀💚🍀💚🍀
the skinny nigga in the white shirt with that crisp ass spin lol
PS spolestra isn't a good coach!! Him and Lionel Hollins make really bad decisions
One of the reasons I got out of academia is b/c I think the university is going to change/collapse. I have Opinions abt it.
get used to it girl because that's how it'll be soon. ;) then you got a whole other year to deal with it ha. 💁
thank you! Sunshine always makes it a happier day :)
The freshmen get a lot of well deserved attention, but it took a Senior () to get us to the Championship game.
Keep dreaming gypsy RT: : I think secretly wants to be my maid!!!
The hardest thing in life is to figure out which bridges to cross, and which ones to burn.
what are you watching? And laying on the couch watching tv. Haha.
bcuz its warm and never snows there.! Ugh I hate the snow and cold so much ew.
"Do you go out with friends?" "Well, a boy's best friend is his mother..."
Business class is the .biz, son
oh thank you <3 so much
Thank you so much Med! I was looking at your portraits and they are lovely! Glad you enjoyed the music <3
Worked on an interview with Seau and at a charity event last season. Junior was so humble and concerned with giving back to SD
: Did you go to high school with Dave Stieb? That helps a lot.
creeper on my shoulder.
Shoutouts to our producer
$2 Bottles and Burgers at LaSalle Power Co. tonight! 500 N. LaSalle, Chcago! We go live at 8pm!!
God damn court is gross !
Nah, I think it's cause we're 1 in HE, 1 in the PW and 2 in the nat'l ranking with 9 wins in a row haha. Really good season.
If you get a chance we should talk
Don't you hate it when you are out of microwave popcorn and also your balls fall off and then you are forced at gunpoint to eat them?
Enjoy! What class are you taking?
What the heck? Why is the wind back. There goes my park time. Mommy doesn't like her hair getting messed up.
We got the questions, God has the answers.
Pussy nigga....scared to get popped by the chicken grease
Just another reminder: the official twitter page for #AnnieAutomatic is !! LoveLoveLove
#ThingsIWantTheMost a voltran full length movie
The 2 h glee tonight is so making my night right now!
“: You know you're CALLED BY GOD to do something when you enjoy even the dull & mundane parts.”
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
pat metheney - the way up
Watching Eminen~Like Toy Soldiers
st Lucy's playground
Very cool showing a book he created in iBooks on Google Basic Search Tips
The idle mind knows not what it wants.
(c) The street to get some Gatorade. :/
Females that lie about giving head that makes you look childish when someone already knows the truth
I'm sorry I haven't been tweeting much from this acct. You can find me also
The rain misting on the camera lens makes me think this #49ers vs #Giants game should be showing on the Lifetime network.
" Vanity Fair‘s website relaunch on Adobe CQ5 " & dozens of accessibility errors
sweet!! Thanks. There's another one on #cxcw of solo as well. It's a fun festival
guess what
Heard woman from Cville introduce her two kids, Gucci and Chanel, on a train to NYC.
Movie was great!
No Response Yet .
can't sleep!
DOIN SOME CLEANING TODAY
love the tie is wearing with his white/cream colored coat.
I have some. We are working on getting the show back on the air as well. Keep you posted.
Dana Laurent is talking about women's health.
it should be done wednesday or thursday,just got to start cleaning my room to make room for it
I'm sick,it's cold,it's boring!
if i have to call AT&T 1 more time, i might have a nervous breakdown.
oh cool haha
I swear is so freakin retarded man!!
I would say to get your mind out of the gutter, but you weren't the only one who misinterpreted that. oops...
One of my favorite investigations!
Happy New Year
I Wish describes me right now! x
It was a pleasure finally meeting you tonight at the screening! Hope to see you around soon!
CHECK OUT THIS WEEK'S GIRLS HELPING GIRLS PAGE FOR THE FEATURE SITE OF THE WEEK - IT'S ALL ABOUT FOOD!!!
still some good free tools as Glen mentions | RT : I
just because I look HAPPY to YOU... dose NOT mean I am HAPPY...... THIS IS ME....
A great day to honor those who have served and those who are serving to defend the freedoms we enjoy as Americans. Say thanks to a Vet!!!!
BC is of course worthy of hatred, and I understand how BU can cause jealousy, but poor NU, Harvard, & little Lowell too?
Would love to see it with scholarly journals. Associations/universities for editorial, libraries for access, archiving.
1D on American TV: Niall on Cake Boss. Harry on Cats 101. Louis on What Not to Wear. Zayn on Americas Next Top Model. Liam on Super Nanny.
You're a ginger?
Praise the lord for no school tomorrow!
Swim forever or learn to breathe bullshit.
We're really starting to see a lot of interesting session ideas being thrown up for next weekend's
I need to get back to the gym...
where da FUCK are you ms tonsils me and are slitting our wrists with ms. Quinn
RT NO PROMISES, mind you, but is any other THATCamp in negotiation w/a Taiwanese surf rock house band?
Rickie Fowler is playing some serious golf right now.
Am I in over my head or does every chapter just say the exact same thing?
Lets get some questions for tonights show!!
We move from Anthony Hoffmann's Helvetica to Nick Proferes' riff on Penguin covers.
I want Donald to go home.
fan of what???
yes you do you ):
From my window, I can see the Crew team practicing on the lake out in the snow. I give them props and respect.
actually he was my boss when I was 19 & in college! I can email you some galleries to look at. We WILL travel ANYWHERE
Please email .
Hi there! RT : Welcome!
5 minutes until the music starts at Church. Patrick Coman up first. Come join us and grab a pint. Max and I need more BEER BUDDIS!
why should what matter
#shitmyparentsneverworriedabout I have no idea why my computer is sending you ads for boner pills
nea jazz masters awards last in ny ctr. awardee johnny mandel conducted jalc orch in sublime "shadow of your smile" feat wynton
Can I get the Radio Promo code?
…and by “read,” I mean digest over days and weeks, returning to each book in different moods and at different hours of the day…
oh you gotta love #HCO hahaa
Dog barking CAN & WILL get u kicked out of a dog friendly motel 6.
I go to Proteges, so I get whoever. This new gal did it this time. I'll like it when it's time to get it cut again.
I really don't even have a preference between them at all, either way I'd be rooting for the kings in the finals
so P Diddy just yelled out "Black Power" during interview at dunk contest. um...im not even goin there
That's crazy. On Mother's Day people be tryna dawg single moms but on Father's Day ya'll wanna praise them.
Whoa! Sounds awesome! Hope you were trippin like crazy!
I wish for austin 2 be bigger than jb coz his voice is epic ♥ wen ppl say they love him Ill be like I was here first kid !xx♥♥♥
"Whatever happens, at least we’ll be together for infinity and beyond."
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by presenting Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect bundles to the guests.
hi Giang! Running late, won't be there until about 5, can we push it back? Apologies!
lol shit I can work with that
Aw thank u twin sis for supporting me!;* please follow she is a fun girl!and I love her she looks exsactly like me lol :)
umm...that doesn't sound too good.
This is going to be the Fall of good mellow & soulful music releases! Between & , Sep will be a good month!
You are the SCARIEST guy when you get that crazed look in your eye and drop the gloves. The refs were even scared.
do you know where I can get a compost barrel thing. I know you can make em but jeff wnats to buy one
just because you love food, that has nothing to do with weight gain
Stay tuned this hour to 's Morning Mess for Kelly Clarkson tickets and a spot on our Karmin VIP guess list!
