RT : Facebook buys Gowalla <--they deserve each other
princess of promotions I see, how so ;)
Man I want to go to McDonald's
i no ut we wee siize i no its color an evertthsg =P
Hunger is an inner city issue? USDA says ~2.8MM rural households are food insecure. JOIN THE FIGHT!
seeing breaking dawn !
what do u think about what's going on in Oakland?
I'm actually here through the weekend, so I'm around. :) You?
2012 Crenshaw combo guard 6'1 Brandon Baker is the real deal he is a MM+
I'll get right on it. Sounds like a great way to start my day.
(1/3) There is a MAJOR difference between Happy/Happiness and Joy. Being Happy or Happiness is Man Made and can be taking away by Man.
I would NEVER.
just livin my life, one awkward interaction after another
We're at Plush on Thurs. March 22...some see us with Sheila Shahpari's band, Suzie Cue and Langen Neubacher. yeah baby!
Best cab ride from Dupont to Woodley. Like me, my cab driver proclaims "I believe in science."
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Partly cloudy. Lows in the upper 50s.
I have yet to mail in my DC voter registration, however I've found the time to vote Pavel for NHL13 cover about 100 times.
Good turn out at tonight's pastor's coffee. Space still open in my Disciples Path group starting next Thursday. Contact me if interested.
they got the new jordan cements at footlocker for $70 in boys -________- i like those better than the grey ones! lol dammit
Victory is with in EVERYONE’S reach, some just have longer arms….hm!
Of course, baby. But I need you in bed.
Easter Egg Hunt at this morning at 10am. 75th and Oaklandon Rd. Community event. Bring your kids!
My best friend comes home in 12 days!!!! #AH #soexcited love you! 💜💜💜
"Im a Hot Tamale , you just a Lemon Head" lmfaoo
congrats! i usually get the online version emailed to me, but haven't gotten it yet. i'll keep an eye out for it :)
It not foxs news cnn is a joke they are not real news
The real Yankees' No. 42 steals that base cleanly.
i need a pint glass like that one that gives me kitty cat whiskers! (didnt mean to tweet that from !)
- glad it was a success. sorry i couldn't make it ;-(
Glad I just saw a slow-mo shot of Angelina's bony knee. I think she might crack in half if she walks the wrong way on it.
Too old to go out every night. not enough sleep -> too much #coffee -> not enough sleep -> too much coffee.
I'm the real domination.
Done. Sorry.
introducing his session on Open Data
New vids up on Delofted. Even some sick rickie fowler and cam tringale footage. Check 'em.
we getting tipsy with
Did u missed one of our shows? Or Is there a show u just have to hear again? Well no worries #ForTheLoveOfMusicATL is posting shows today!!
there goes my friday .
Thanks for the help!
just now it'd be 100%
Finished #fiftyshadesofgrey. Thoughts: Poorly written BDSM version of Twilight, where a clumsy girl falls for a hot weirdo. Don't read it.
I've found a work around - I can place jpgs which will work in most cases - just a bit disappointed in Adobe's response I guess
South Africa is where I come from
Twitter is crazy
SO be REAL cool and Follow us :)
OMG thank-you soo much u made my week :-)
sorry to hear about the pizza
good of you to comment that the tebow/linsanity/vanity fair story is non-news. On your nationally broadcasted show.
Thanks for sharing :)!
That doesnt count! :)
SOMEDAY by: bieber
Also. RT : I might also say - it takes courage to care, and it's worth it.
Haha that's comedy. RT : Reggie Miller called Paul Pierce's big shot a "wide open, contested three."
hasn't lost a step Loving the new tunes bringin the noise and with an 8-string bass!?
On #lastword now:
Good luck today !
Taco run 🏃
Blazic Rebula is just 12% abv! A perfect summer sipper! Lemon, lime, blazing acidity. Now wheres that sushi!?
Just walked by a mirror
I might bring one pair but I just want to buy some shit, and nah I rather go with you and spot you $$$
iam following them now can you please DM justin please
#ReplaceSongTitlesWithTampon .. tampons in paris . ahahah haallaa. and i shall not ever do that.
i have a feeling that if we walked near a corn field we could take out an entire crop.
Some problems are solved most creatively when you embrace the problem.
INDEED MEE LADY .. As onto you a bestow a great glorious venture for towards the end of light.. I bid you ado!!
New Superintendent of Catholic Schools for the Arch. of Miami = new opportunities for improved food allergy policies in these schools!
LOL I did the same thing w/ that horror movie we got. Cept it was only 4 days..
I can't wait until and start scoring again!
TO TOWN QueremosNegriniconda U
RAYS losing some momentum but hype is still on!
how you mate?... ill jump on SH twitter wagon haha!
/dry-eye-summit : The Dry Eye Summit’s mission is to facilitate this kind of innovation by fostering knowledge
low key Carlton use to kill that shit
I was just asking
It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
Summer break... Finally!
It's #FollowFriday! as always #mamamafia, too!
I know she needs me, but her paternal family has refused to let me contact her for 3 years! I hav joint LEGAL, physical c
thanks for posting.
i can't find my headphones.. if I don't find them by tomorrow morning & I'm stuck listening to my dads music the entire ride imma freak out.
I think I'm due for a little nap time! -
Whats up people
There are things that governments and private sectors can't or won't do. That's why is so critical to our community.
I think that yogurt needs to go in the fridge...
Off work early, let's do something!
Just ROCKED my LAST final exam of the year! :D I'm officially a sophomore in college!
Dude I just wanna smoke and she's stallinG.. NotCool
Hi, Rachel. I just wanted to say I love keeping up with you on here. Keep it up!
Love Your Site!
I want to be able to say "academy award winning film Real Steel"
#ifyouknowmewell you'd know that I hate it when people are late and I can't get through anything when I don't talk about.
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle gold member.
Monday is the Day of the Moon, a #Tarot card of facing fears in the journey ahead. Whats in your cards? www.shindigtarot.com
Yes my last tweet was about
Isley Brothers some of the Best House Music....
im heading back to Hampden after - on my bike :)
YouKnowYouAHoeWhen you have to see your OBGYN every other week for infections....yuck that's a nasty Hoe.
This rain is not motivating me to do anything
#69Factsaboutme 27. I LOVE cold weather.
More disappointing than Chicha news. #mex MT : FMF announce Carlos Vela asked to not be called up for either the Olympics or WCQ.
Today's a great day for deals! ;-)
Who is worth following (in #Boise or beyond)? Thanks, in advance, for the #FF assistance.
maybe you know...it cost a tad bit too much? (;
Oh the drawbacks of being a distance student! RT : The Museum Studies building is buzzing..
"No matter how small a star appears in the sky from far away, never underestimate how brightly it can shine."
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 82
happy to help!
Humby you ain't nothin' but a whack gumby, gonna knock you off your pedestal like that cracked up humpty dumpty
Well occupation continues until there is no more terrorism. Choose peace or we continue. Israelis always wanted peace.
If ur free in Atlanta @ 7p were having a special event with from Q100's 915 peachtree st ATL. VIP all day!
So is behind all those suicidal teddy bears hanging all over my neighborhood? GREAT.
Taking a good nap after my morning class, then hitting the music theory books hard.
Snow Answer: Labor costs a company a lot more because of healthcare law. Insuring your employees is expensive. It will be resolved
is swamped.
I wish! Maybe when Allstar Weekend releases summer tour dates! I'm sure you'll be seeing them too ;)
You already did and you picked Nightmares in Red, White and Blue, remember?
I like the part that says "pooper troopers" in the piggy care guide
She's still in Cincy.
It's the new black version of the beastie boys
RT " :once a cheater, always a cheater."
Mobbed is my new favorite show<3;*
Jennifer Wilson on thinking beyond the frame: do you need to make a film or do you need to tell a story?
1 in 4 US children go hungry everyday. ExactTarget - you can help! Purchase your co-workers’ baked goods from 10-2 TODAY!
“: Spotted my #tweetheart cc: but I bet he just came to see #bromance” where's ?
#ThingsMyExSaid "I don't even talk to her anymore."
Should I order a Shirt or a poster from your merch? What do you think?
RT : Emotional moments like Octavia's speech are what the oscars are made of. Don't rush her off!
Sounds like its very possible, thanks everyone makes things easier. The things you never try with a single Apple ID.
Woohoo! RT #Unwined, here we come! #TOAST, you're next!
The one and only just threw some stupid tasteful electric guitars on Easier As Us. Almost there, folks!
do you know anyone that does cleaning/preservation of 40+ year old textiles with multicolored hand embroidery? cc:
you know the media will play class warfare and convince them it's the GOPs fault...
Life really is about how many hits you can take and how well you recover from them.
I dropped my phone on the ground last night and the battery fell out. I have yet to put it back in !
Re: "Cave of Forgotten Dreams" - You had me, Werner, right up to the albino crocodiles.
so god seeing you today
A relationship without trust is like having a phone with no service. And what do you do with a phone with no service? You play games.
Well, yes, still unproven. Anyone can amass an support for their biases. Where's the data?
Clubs R over rated... This shit is wack
did you go to Camarillo High? Class of '93?
Overheard after rehearsal: "it's too bad Liszt didn't live to write for the movies. Some of that sounded like score to Vertigo."
moves in very soon, and is extremely excited to start practicing with the team.
Wow! Love Victoria Sambunaris landscape photos at Yancy Richardson booth.
wo0t! app for my iPad 2 is up and running! Just needed new MyServices acct since i moved recently.
Hi Sarah! Just replied with info, but let me know if you have any other questions. We'll make sure you get what you need!
"you should've come with us!" "well, inviting me would've been nice..."
": Late night showing of enter the dragon I love it" was watching that too! High-YA!!!
sweat dreams
Hey Sweetie. You like Johnny Depp? TIM burton? Burton's Dark Shadows comes out May 11th, while we are visiting. Wanna go?
Thank you for everything as well!
Looks like you're getting great results, congratulations!
It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse. ~ Adlai Stevenson
With the Polar Bear crazies
would it kill you to hit Play?
Let the record show that 50 mins ago I said that I wished that #Toonami would show #OutlawStar. That's happening. What a night.
Everyone ain't the 1, she needs to stop falling so hard!
#sla2010 what is status of wifi at conference center
Curled hair tomorrow :)
you welcome
That was all very neocon. Except for Ron Paul of course. Interested to see the Tea Party reaction.
The truth is....life is so, so good.
Gold team starting to pull away with 2:30 left.
no you walk away
Lol! RT : RT : Happy Mother's Day to my mom who's not on twitter.
Some1 asked me last nite... if I was living or existing?? How annoying is it thAT I'M JUST EXISTING THESE DAYS
American panini for lunch
Do we need to really hide the learning in play? Does education have that bad of a rep?
In a court of law, you are innocent till proven guilty; in a relationship, you are guilty until proven innocent
did you ever play baseball growing up?
she crying....0_o
I know more now. Thanks.
Electroconvulsive and Neuromodulation Therapies 8211 Conrad M. Swartz MD download, read, buy online error: either unsupported url or the url
Oh how I love
In Life... The Journey Is The Reward..
Yea I remember it well, went to school there, 1st,2nd,3rd grade. However Franklin High School did burn in the fifties...
nice to meet you too! Hope you got your car okay. Librarians rule.
Come on #USF Bulls The state of Florida needs to dominate! #LoveMarch Madness
Save some for the Vegas guests.
Where is everyone watchin' the Sounders kill Salt Lake?
Home From Cheer! Just Ate Sonic... Yumm.. Shouldn't Have Eatin It,, It's Too Late:/ Ohh Well!
I know you say you love me girl, problem is you prolly tell that shit to everybody. So we hear you talking boo but we just dont believe you.
american pie, tball, bluehole, softball, lookout, and baking cookies.
That moment when your coach makes a Charlie Sheen reference.
In just one week, i will be in my city.
i want some FONDUE ! OMG !!!! D: i wannnnnnnttt sommmeeee .
Last day of #mladla12. Enjoyed hearing about everyone's connections with UT!
GOD IS AWESOME!
Had an amazing show/night in AC. Except for losing all of our indiegogo money at the casinos.
Sunsets like this are a small but clear reminder that God still loves to give me nice things, even when I've been a total bitch to him.
Keep it up Frat RT : At GP City hall working for the people
always up there. Summer is just a R&R period.
It's a huge problem! Our PlayThru solution increases form submissions by 40% over recaptcha.
“: What would you do for a Klondike bar ? Lmao”let's hear? 👌
A beautiful day in the 'burgh!
anybody seen tha maniac short film?
My first time here. I enjoyed it. Good night all.
RT : RT : Stop being deceived to have a computer and webcam to earn Handsomely. Sign up and earn $10,000 enjoying...
Sure thing :) Thanks for the follow!
Either way, congrats Robbie RT : Just finished my last final...not sure if I'm happy or really sad haha
no its not lol
Get ready for the hologram tour. Michael Jackson will be next. If theres $ wait and see. As soon as his estate sees Pac at Coachella.
define very old. like 90? you are only as old as you act or feel. one of the two. which ever fits for the day not sure. ha ha
Has anyone else encountered children with CP who are severely delayed in reading suddenly picking it up easier and do you know why?
breakfast for dinner. yup yup
SENIOR WEEK TICKETS 7:30 -10pm, get a seniort-shirt and get access to a exclusive senior event next thursday at riverstation! details soon!
Would you like a Rogue-style portrait? Like Rogue Scholar on Facebook before 4/30 & receive one gratis (donations always appreciated!)
I have a lot of friends who are real show stoppers. I never let them come to my shows.
This song, I can't tell whether to hate it or love it.
I am fully armed with Claritan, Mucinex, VapoRub, Kleenex, and a sick day. Allergy attack: I am coming for you.
(Slow) Congrats!
shouldn't that be "throttles challenged"?
This is a 4 game series too! GREAT! Said nobody.
and you have sinned, he has not so who should be afraid?
Living the life that I love!
Anyone seen a good movie lately?any recommendations?
Wow—that should definitely be a good learning experience!
So has anyone noticed that Louis looked gay every performance on the x factor?
ahww, thank you!
this girl voice is so annoying…
better than the alternative!
#Dope! That's all I gotta say
watch your mouth
Maybe Kim can finally get that date with Gallinari now.
repulse? you repulse easy!
How the fuck do u expect me to get to kendale in this weather
Day number 9 of work in a row, leggo
#HHD have a great day!
I know, I can't get enough!
Happy mothers day to all the hard working moms out there!!
wow...i see that! lol...cool logo!
The best thing about commuting again is absolutely getting to listen to NPR during the drive.
Made all my little brothers and sisters dinner and desert tonight. Love them so much! Even though they drive me up a wall -
Six days left to Out Write Janet!
Better call it a mite
What up Friday
How about Easter Basket? Mix of grass, lily, and vanilla or sugar cookie scent.
What if vin comes out of fucking nowhere
The feeling is mutual. I love me some Denise Scatena! Best partner eva! “: is certainly the yin to my yang”
Visit the Riverview Women's Boutique on April 24 between 10:00 am and 2:00 pm for an open house featuring the newest post mastectomy.
i cant with you!!!!! that shit is a hot ass fucknnnnnnnnnnnnn mess!
King Kong.
Sent you an email with last minute questions and I am off to bed. Can't wait to hear all about it and see your awesome coverage!
It's a fact nobody ever tells the whole truth
Upload your #TSPARMY pictures now to be featured as the band's new profile picture! c:
move on
Yes it sure is!! Hope your toes are staying warm. :-)
Finally got a chance to pause and get caught up on sporting news. Looks like the Lakers made some power moves today.
So #excited for the up coming season of #MadMen!!!!! it was about time.
we should find time to hook up the office one morning
you're very welcome! Thanks for sharing more widely. My preso is by NO means comprehensive, just a jumping-off point!
Aw I just read this, my phone died lol. Hope work is ok.
We hope you like us! :) Let us know how we can help! RT: Giving a try today..
There are a few more spaces open for reservations at our Valentine's Day event! Call now to get yours 317-327-7580
. and Do not sleep. They only wait. The Phylicia Barnes case broke at 11:30 p.m. last night & they're still working.
Hi Steve, how long have you been playing? Do you play with a band or etc??
and he keeps a smile on my face all day long<3
I don't like Cox either. Doesn't build me up like others.
Had an amazing weekend packed full of gymnastics and swimming classes, cartoons and long naps!
I hate winter. This too early spring is making me sweaty.
I"ve really enjoyed my time being back home in Mississippi felt good to get away from ATL, my job and the stage for a couple days
My mentions are dead so ima go listen to horrible covers oF Boyfriend *Le cries* i feel so alone!! D:
"Jina, I think you have pinkeye"--me "Dammit, did somebody fart on my pillow?"-- Jina
I don't wanna go to school yes it's true I don't wanna see your teachers face again! Wise words of
Planning on firing up the bbq, cue the Tornado sirens!
: Oh yes! I know. I sort of realized that the next three weekends were all jam-packed... so three tweets worth.
I'm on twitter, so if you have one, you can tweet me! Fallow me ;)
i am gonna be 20 in June
That joke was so fucking weak. Get off my nuts.
Off that list, the only two I read in HS were Gatsby and Lord of the Flies. Read some others in college, though.
You have gotten me through many days!U do it right on time so thk u for ya love“: hey you! thanks for all ya love :)”
wow... you're nice to your mom.
It's Sarah Phillips, I don't believe you.
definitely having fun with it! Getting things organized for the new year, good to hear from you!
Clean Energy Coalition&#39;s impact is starting to ripple across Michigan
One of my favorite restaurants!
Thanks for the
Shit man if your hollering to God via twitter don't you think he at least deserves a hashtag how else is he gonna know?
Jordy Nelson and Victor Cruz not going to Hawaii?
` You Think I Love You.. Do I Look Like Cupid ? lols
The dates are all booked! Candyland here we come!
Loving how my twitter fam is developing! HR/Training/self-esteem/pageantry/non-profits/ close friends/spirituality....my eclectic life ROCKS
Thought you would be interested to see the VIDEO of the INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE WE HELD in Jerusalem
haha awe poor little you 😁 lol
Thanks Courtney!!! You're very sweet for saying that!
": RT “: RETWEET if you watch football”" - watch it? I play it lmao
Bitch Im Rollin
good requests
AJ is kinda cute.
What? We have a new episode? Peeps should refresh their iTunes feeds?
that page is more interesting viewed on a phone
Hmm, how about some persimmon, kimchi, or gochujang? I must be in a Korean food mood.
nope a lil work playlist
Wait, what happened?
Strawberry Swing - Frank Ocean <3
French drinks group Belvédère has reported a 2011 turnover of EUR910.7m (US$1.2bn), an increase of 5.8% on the previous year.
wow, paranoid much? ;-)
thanks I got spell check
back up plan... going to a hookah bar with my cousin! im so excited to hang out with her. we're so much alike...its scary.
Electrolux Earnings Down in 2011, Hopeful for 2012
Bucks beat the Knicks today. And in case you were curious, the Polish won today's sausage race at today's Brewers' spring training game.
I would have opened my mouth and ate it:)
I'M from Russia and if you think it's good to live in here, that's bullshit, if you read that in a book, that's complete baloney.
Shorter, though, doesn't mean less responsibility, less insight or less power. It means less fluff and less hiding. -Seth Godin //Sums me up
#ICantDateYouIf your past boyfriends where found face down in a creek
Wonderful!!! Thank you!!! Yes - if you do come to the area would love to host you! Will also check in with thxs!
Hey our buddy got your NPR interview posted up online. Good stuff!
So what if Reese Witherspoon got hit by a car while jogging. She was in an UNMARKED crosswalk and the OTHER PERSON was cited. What gives?
I'd laugh because I liked mine too. Didn't want to give it up.
Plzzz follow me
Ur welcome.Did it for the fans. thank you so much for asking to about the new album! Hope she come back son!
I can't even laugh right now this shit is depressing =\
Colton Dixon: Please win American Idol. <3 I fucking love you
o m g ilysm
just had a huge freak out and crying session over the phone with my Dad about school. actually scratch crying... SOBBING.
that was our last shafer date of the semester :'( — with Alex Schools
spit comes from his asshole!?
in America we use Gray. In the united kingdom they use Grey.
Jarod and savannah r honestly the cutest couple <333
Bed bed bed bed bed bed bed
How was it?!
missed the double at , but looking forward to trying Cuvee coffee. Where can I get it?
Top rookie goalie in the WHL? The stats are unanimous -- California's own
A new Cleveland-based clothing company promoting Cleveland pride, please check us out! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
I watched the Mets for the first time on TV this season. The game ended 6-6 after 10 innings
When someone close to u dies... move seats
RT : Q3. Do today’s youth have a right to feel entitled to anything? If so, what?
Mercy Academy's Whitney Hartlage () has been named to the Kentucky High School Girls' Junior All-Star Basketball White Team.
come and visit tonight!
not if I beat you to it
Thanks for asking! I'll be out of town, but maybe next time!!
listening to jigar da tukda on repeat! the best part of the movie? easily playing the delhi girl!
Finished a #radio interview #Mix103.1 #Anchorage for #ARaisinInTheSun -- thanks [Marketing Director]
Woke up at 7am on Saturday for work. Going to sleep at 7:30am Sunday. Cinco de Mayo: 1 Pat: 0
Finally catching up on idol, watching the boys perform!
I love everything about this. You rock Lisa!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! Love you Peggy :) hehehe (happy birthday to the ground!)
hiyakutake was big in the news when I was a kid. Wasn't it really close and amateur-discovered?
Ill go with u to broadway, but u gotta come back up here and come up to Supperclub wit me
About to go to school late but who care
Likewise :) RT : we look forward to seeing you guys there again soon :)
It's supposedly always James and Wade. No bosh
#shoutout to all of your Texas fans love you Mikey we all wish u a happy birthday and your present is having us fans around
Yeah man. Send Oceania my love.
Boise's Loss of you 2 is WAND's huge gain!
Tim Tebow's biggest vice: vanilla ice cream. Deserves his own Ben & Jerry's flavor: Plain White Tebow.
spinning my wheels here... need some inspiration
So accurate. Like we got them to have a concert here. If we can do that, we can surely get them here for a signing (: x
bro I got I got a good for y'all lmao
On fan appreciation night guard tells crowd "Everytime you guys come out here you make a difference"
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again
I didn't plan it sorry
we got some guys coming back. Nobody scares me. Every year is a battle.
there needs to be an eye rolling emoji. I would use it all the time
You have to pay for BBC somehow! :) When I lived there, I got it waived as a "diplomatic employee"
Mind bothering, can't even sleep, ugh
Well, at least we got ONE back.
Well today we a got a surprise gig....We are playing the Atlanta music room at 9! Come check us out!
Breaking news.. three SD pet stores raided.. dozens of animals taken by authorities.. live report coming at the top of News8
US Ambassador Ken Merten, Rep. Frederica Wilson & Sen. Bill Nelson will update efforts to help Haiti @ 4pm
trucker hats have hit the streets! online store coming soon, so hit us up to order! $14 each or 2 for $20 with FREE shipping in the
Geting some OT. Had to come to work early to cover somebody. What was I thinkin tho!
Parentals in town...but let's chat. Scott wants to see you soon.
I'm a strong person, but every now & then I'd like someone to take my hand and say everything will be alright
feel the same way today
LOVE IT. Really, really cool. Totally different POV.
RT : One of my commenters suggest starting a New York Public School Teachers Fantasy League.
subway sucks!!!!! Give me Jimmy
Snow here has melted. All fogged up over here.
Get out and do something! "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." - Edmund Burke
Good morning all!
Anyone else addicted to streaming the Wonder Years on Netflix? This show has such a great soundtrack.
Tennis at 2pm
Re: Also, this show is like my life in NYC if I were slightly less attractive, wittier and got $1,100 a month from my parents.
WE GIVE PROPS TO CLEVER NAMES HERE - THANKS BEARGOGGLESON!!!!!!
The ones that makes the snacks!
This bucks game...
.: “Analytics have always told us ‘the what.’ Social now tell us ‘the why.’
It has zero to do w the players. The ownership doesn't care about winning. All about $$$. I love the O's. Hate how they're run.
omg cant believe u took a pic.
thanx for the great leads. Heard speak at ALA! She's stellar :)
omg that picture for your thumb clip thing is so cute, follow me If youu like(: Avan and Victoria make a cute couple
Betty & Sally, gonna be a good one!
Congrats to 3rd & 4th tonight at
which one
Maybe it's a conspiracy . . .
It's a beautiful day in sunny San Diego, right? And will you guys be hanging with fans at any malls or radio stations today?
Hi! Will you be playing the Lakers game tonight and will there be sound?
Love it! Thanks for sharing. I've been looking for the perfect iPhone case + I think I just found it.
Snap outta this funk collllll 👎
A different language is a different vision of life. - Federico Fellini
Being with you > talking on the phone with you > texting you
3 things that are guaranteed in life: 1.) LIFE 2.) DEATH 3.) TAXES
Go see the 15th anniversary show, "Dance Your Story," this weekend! Saturday at 4:30 and Sunday at 1:00 in the McCann gym!
Flipping between NBA All-Star and Oscar Red Carpet! Too much on TV!
This looks great. Can't wait!
Driving home from the dungeon on the GW Parkway was beautiful. The first leaves of autumn were falling in the wind.
Don't get me wrong I want the joint 2 succeed & get exposure...just not my cup of tea, but I'm only about 1/2 way thru it
The Blast has opened each quarter with an early goal for a 6-2 lead.
Sleepy but can't fall asleep. 😒
I love the layered flavors...the way the hazelnut hits you long after the chocolate.
Well, there goes your prediction , about to be Stanley Cup champs!!!!!
Hi Chris, I'm the staffer (friend of Mario) who met you last night at #ThirstDC. Loved your sea star talk!
#69Factsaboutme 9. I support To Write Love On Her Arms.
we are excited New Town Builder is using the beetle kill pine!
Need to learn how to multi task. I'm either all over Twitter, or all over Facebook. More importantly, I should be writing. :/
I Hate My Face
Use LinkedIn Answers to network and earn expertise in your field
I dont know if its a good omen or not,but in the convoy to location our director got stopped by state patrol.Verbal warning.Luck be with us!
Hey Falala is so sick (: lovin it bro (: sweet job bro
and yes there was a dash of sarcasm in last post. rofl
I would have Louis' cousin's wife's dog's mother's bestfriend's sister-in-law's hamster to follow me and i would cry.
Shit Son Prolly Get A Bottle Fucked Up Friday. . . For Me
I thought it was just open to the public. ?
Hey Bryan! Good to hear from you.. here's your follow!!
and this makes me ill
lol! I remember that night like it was yesterday!
Yes, you are right Lori Goldstein, skinny is not over rated.
Have fun and recruit peeps for @#eaTweetup! RT : "The Ultimate Social Networking" event! (@ Segafredo Brickell)...
uhmmm I sorta missed you today in practice, sorta.
smartphone users are leading mobile ecommerce growth; 63% more likely to shop and buy than other mobile users
whatever, this is STUPID /:
Lady is ticketing residents trying to get spots on front of their homes 3 mins before it is legal.
its one of their slower songs, but idk it just shows alot of what they can do
Be sure to archive ALL of your events! You never know when something will go viral. Great advice from Paul Holdengraber.
You still wanting to do something with sponsoring??
I don't know, I still remember when Jeremy Renner was doing his stretches, getting ready to jump in that turbine thing!
"A smile is a powerful weapon; you can even break ice with it And we all smile in the same language."
Thank you for support Dr.Riba's Health Club with your kind donation! We really appreciate all of your help with our upcoming event
I dont like Justin Bieber! Jacob Latimore is way better to me! And he is a Killer Dancer
It's Saturday. My behbeh did not get the memo.
Surman @ #inplay2012 - #Hackasaurus from Mozilla is "x-ray goggles" for the Web - see through to HTML elements and remix thrm
my hips are so stretched right now. dang
thanks, Brian!
Sugar!! Lmao!! Fight fight fight!! Ha!!
you have inspired every musical nerve in my body. Playground is exactly what I've been looking for. Thanks for being you David
Watching A Walk to Remember. Could this movie be more depressing? And why didn't I drink first?
I need to be eating a lot more than I am. I'm not sure how I'm even keeping up 200+ pounds.
I wish I was in that class with y'all so badly.
Just got one of those scam emails asking for verification of email account info from WED MASTER TEAM. WED MASTER TEAM?
same here it's like a drug cant' get enough
Agree. To me additions look best when they mimic style and proportion of the original building. Webinar will be interesting!
": Love the #innovation in #music #videos brings - presenting at #nyvm. Awesome A&R discovery angle too."
#FridayReads is TENDER. I need a yard.
"they just don't have that spark"
My chats for the next hour will be for
After losing the lottery a guy said he won by supporting education. I said u r a better man than me & he said thanks that's very flattening.
good morning tweethearts :-)
MERRY CHRISTMAS-LET IT SNOW!
well I mean its all true. I have a 105% in this class. And I'm the only one with an A. Out of 24 kids....
We might as well avoid El Masons all together and just get drunk instead
U have been a inspiration and motivation. Ur voice is abs. Amazing and luv ur personality.. Skies the limit for u..I kno u will get signed!
New music coming soon and send some followers this way the may want to hear this
Why thanks! RT : I have admired a background of your page))
There were some hot girls there last night
Well, looks my Hawke swings both ways. Giggity.
I may.
My Klout score just went up - I seem to be an expert in Tennis, a game I don't play or watch. Hm....
But I think the last few weeks of school are gonna be like this cause everyone is so anxious for school to end already. ;p
Isn't that a no-no in journalism? Paying for stories? Or is that only paying for interviews?
Back at Atlanta
Leaving now.
It was about you lol
When she weighs more than you
they all do
yea bra!
Publius SyrusA bold onset is half the battle
Stop playing nickelback for the love of god NBC
Thank you!
I confronted a co-worker on rudeness once (ok more than once & different coworkers) she stopped talking to me. I did this 😄
Have you ever been Bowling at Jillian's?! We'd love to have you come by sometime!
Via - Wells Fargo (WFC) has won an auction for Bank of Ireland's (IRE) U.S. commercial real estate loan portfolio. Sources claim th
Why do I bother reading the news? I secretly hope the Mayans are right about 2012.
I gotta go the Arts Fest first and get an indian taco. Want me to hit you up when I head down there? Probably be about 2 or so.
very jealous..I just found out they have one in the ville which is pretty dangerous
their hot
What happened to Catherine Bell's baby on #armywives?
ESPN's 2.6 overnight for US-France (via ) is WAY up over last Wednesday's game against Sweden.
I was making dinner tonight and realized I am *finally* through with "homework." Except, you know, for that dissertation chapter.
Which mouth is . speaking out of today?
today is gunna suck
That moment when you give the right answer but the teacher doesnt hear you, so some bitch steals it from you & the teacher praises them.
#Nuggets crowd doing it's job in the 1st half. So are the point guards: 22 buckets, 15 assists
The Invention of Penis
The party don't stop till I walk in.
oh you need to send me that site! :)
That nap was essential 👌
Will you be in Bologna in June? I'll be in Italy shortly and it would be great to meet up with you
Such symmetry.
OMG Froster's Home for Imaginary Friends is on!!!! I never watch Cartoon Network but this is my show!!!
Winter Ball is coming up. And I have no date.
Thanks for the follow , , , , and ! Looking forward to keeping in touch...
jimmy john's un-wch you are my favorite. especially when you have bacon. and avocado :)
Can anyone tell me if Aaliyah was in the video u don't have to call by usher? cause' in the video there was someone looked like her.
The best people in life won't ask you to change but will encourage you to grow every step of the way. ♥
Nights like this make it hard to be a #BrewCrew fan...
Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by its breathtaking moments
If any of you have the 'Twitter', you can 'follow' me on it.
fuck what everybody thinks
Times like this is when I need someone like too help me with all these girls hair and makeup for prom
House cleaning and re-watching
My 5-year-old says to me: "Dad what movie is that billboard for?" I say it's called Cabin in the Woods and it's a horror movie.
yeah I think we fixed it lol.
Glad to hear everyone made it to spring training safely. can't wait for the season to start already.
Numerous Internet researchers have done the same thing as #Google did with streetview; difference in degree or kind?
Uncertainty will always be part of the taking charge process
good morning wooorlldddd
yes I wuz!
Why did we not pick Konz?!?
- Grade A presentation & team. Congrats Vijay , , and Johnny on all the hard work and progress.
I meant the profile :D
I can't clean my room because I get distracted by the things I find.
#OHSUeffect RT All new OHSU Effect tomorrow 8am! Hear a preview at 5:20 today on Portland's Afternoon News!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
that's for the love!!! Xoxo -KB ;)
estimated percentage of blue vs orange in TBA today?
THANKS EVERYONE who supported the Calvin Jones #BIGBAND #Jazz Festival in ANY way... much appreciation ... on the 1st International
How many of y'all know where y'all really want to be 5 yrs from now ?
“: Steve Blake's season-high 19 pts has up 84-78. 3:40 left in the 4th in Game 7 on TNT. Does Denver have another run in them?”
I like Thursdays cause they're one day closer to Friday.
Tonight is my only day off till Saturday & I have to spend it studying my ass off... cool.
Why am i still awake -____-"
Yo am I really arguing with my film professor on how christian bales abs is better than his ass in american physco?
Graduation is just around the corner! Call us for a reservation 512.320.8883 or email for a private catering!
Uh lol once ..!
Somewhat switching channels for just a day, from basketball to ufc. Love UFC, just not as much as b-ball. Lookin forward to Jones/Evans.
Re: I'd like to be considered head #RaeBot -That position is made available to the person who makes the largest financial contribution
Prom on friday! Gonna look dappeR
Feeling reckless, refuse to make wish @ 11:11, will wait until 11:19
Glad we don't have to sweat out tomorrow. Won't have to blackout in anger. Love it!
Dear Last 6 Months: nice try but I'm still here. Stumbling. Learning. Growing. Laughing. Crying. Loving God every step of the way.
Glad I'll actually be able to watch Parks and Rec live tonight. Usually I work at 9:30 Eastern 8:30 Central!
So want to #FlyMeToLondon we can spend the evening together.
Passed a guy talking to a telephone pole just before Rose St. Wonder how that conversation is going.
. how are you doing?
What! Cant upload my sexy nurse picture.
OMG 20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!! LOVE
Fighting to change foster care - Austin News
Line of the week: "I finally understand the ending of THE SIXTH SENSE. Those were the names of the people who worked on the movie!"
Crazy game
Thank you so much. <3 Can you also Tell your followers and everyone else to vote for Germany? It'd be so amazing. <3
Nailed it! So if anybody needs help on their bracket, I'm finally done with my analysis. Should another year collecting winnings...
WhatsThe411? Got some hits under his belt damn
No we have not. I will def look into that tho!
stupidest thing i've ever read
how much does D3 cost?
Sounds like an incredible show. So sorry I missed it!
I'll use to update my status in real-time during the Nationwide Better Health Columbus Marathon on Oct 17
I am all Bulls and cannot stand the Knicks, but we are all people and treating each other so terribly breaks my heart. Sorry for that
but I still wanna see it!
Yes I can be very nonchalant at times. Its not that I don't have an opinion... its because I really don't care.
Performing tonight in the MAC Lobby as part of the IU Jazz Celebration! Opening for Peter Erskine, Randy Brecker, Bob Hurst, & Alan Pasqua!
think our meeting should be at Perkins since you like their breakfast so much. hahahaha I luv Mr. Perkins thou...everything there
Always! And I'll help you mix up sauces for skin stop.
Thanks! I'm glad to have everyone's smiling faces up on the site!
lmao I hear u man.....aye check your dm
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 14
get at me asap
Why is it so hard for me to focus enough to study?
u coming to eagle tmw?!?!
#rhiannaslaw <3 getting it trending to stop the bullying!
Everybody left me and Max. So we decided it would be best to go to Arby's.
“: Shearers still on my case..."I know I f*cked up Alan, thanks for stating the obvious."”Did u have money on City?!? Ha ha!
How do bands get involved in the Lend-a-Hand, Hear-the-Band event? I know we'd be a great opener..! Thx for letting us know
I am honestly paralyzed at the sight of a cockroach.
YOUTUBE. O_O WHAT IS THIS?!
good looks bruh!
lol, I'm sorry! At least y'all are going to Staples now, right??
I'm SO tired I JUST got Mi PHone to work I NEED A NEW PHONE!
I love the person I thought you were.
Doesn't seem to be a big storm coming, looking at the radar. If you don't mind being rained on a little you're in for a W!
why hellur there stranger, i miss you.
The bluest skies you've ever seen...
Jack Johnson?
almost at 500...
i get my shit the fast way... SKI MASK WAY!
« « I don't have time to hate people who hate me, cause I'm too busy loving people who love me.»»
I do really well with people who are type A personalities. I keep them balanced.
Truest statement in football: "Games are won and lost in the trenches"
#FF and of course,
IMA LICK U LIKE A ENVELOPE
Ready for a great December!
tried leaving a comment on your recent post but it didn't show up. maybe i went to spam?
mike is my guy he is the one that fixed my swing :)
some people said gall bladder and some said appendix. But I'm having trouble "detoxing" maybe that's why I have stomachpain
If She Fuck Me Right Then She Shopping
Nolan..don't get it confused with Noah... Have ya runnin to the ship Cuz u floodin from the way I work my d***
Congrats to and his new brothers that initiated tonight.
not if it is a band that allows taping. Many do.
is giving away last minute tickets to tonight's game. DM me, and you'll get a pair!
Doing my first 2000 person crowd tonight at 8 at Dallas Baptist University. (no Sandusky jokes)
I meant marketing for Also, considering the price of S3, I figured you were in jest.
lol the things girls do for attention smh
I like saying hello to Zombies !
cool! she's my diva & role-model! Xo
See if I can throw you off... This is coming from Twitter! Ha! Don't let the fingers slide too hard of the pad! Ha!
Exploring TriBeCa this eve. Any suggestions of places to check out?
Thanks for the follow; if I'm ever in France, I will have to check out your resort!
All of the pretty gay boys are at
uh, yeah
ATTN: 9/11 truthers please just stop it you're embarrassing your selves and those you associate with who do not share your beliefs.
Oops, just spent it all!
our LOUD PAK came vacuum sealed...
thanks girl!
do u Twitter anymore?
I was very pleased to see you get carpet tweet-bombed by #fsgd after your tweet! Nice jobs guys... And gals.
ha, thanks! I clearly dressed up for the occasion! ;)))
Mediocrity requires aloofness to preserve its dignity.
Most people have plug-ins to use Flash. iPhone and iPad don't support Flash. You must know what devices viewers use.
What kind should I get? >.>
BREWERS WIN!!! Yay!!!
Everyone tilting their heads left to read Townsend's graph
The guy that won $77 million in Powerball worked (now past tense) at the same company as me. No, I don't know him.
I feel like all I do is think about y'all. And all y'all r doing is forgetting about me.
You guys are both invited to hang out on my porch with me all summer, by the way. I'm close to Hikari! :)
A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future”
definitely. Now he can draft himself a hefty DT with that pick. Andy loves the big guys.
no idea. doubt it thoo. I have too do a French project thoo. but it shouldn't take long.
Heard they r having trouble selling tix for ntl. TV TCU gm @ Jerry's world, risk of making the school look bad
OMG, an ICONic Girl followed me(: ! Yay!!!
None of it might have happened without your role, Michael. Thanks!
My best bet is probably to hang in the vicinity of Linden Lane close to O'Neill
why ppl date and don't wanna marry
Doc Rivers: "I thought ten different times [Ray Allen] was hurt again [tonight]."
UNYEIP Budget Initiatives: 1. Full Restoration of all cuts to EI Services and Reimbursement Rates 2. Adequate compensation for 18 years …
Wow. Thats all i have to say is Wow. I dont care what anyone says is a legitimate NFL qb, he just wins, and thats all that matters
RT : It was nice 2 see a guy for once display emotion for steph & for u 2 get a sexy ass date! BOUT TIME!<<lol
I want to say thanks for all of your encouraging posts. You motivated me to not accept no for an answer and to follow my dream!
Productive workshop last night. Thanks to everyone who came out.
Last class of the day then I have to spend my night at Thornton...hate study hours.
": On the show, couldn't stop talking about how sexy she thinks Obama is." so, so so sexy!!!!
Even though TSCC won many viewer polls, I understand the decision. Production costs for it have got to be incredible.
RT : Targets for disruptive innovation -> poverty, violence, corruption, people trafficking. (Tx for RT )
Every time I feel like I'm losing my way I dispose the anchors that dragged me there to begin with Unfortunately new anchors always emerges
Would Mayock stop referring to these guys as "cats"? And why is Goodell hugging every player like his mother? Note to Rog, THEY DONT LIKE U!
I just wanted to make sure y'all knew that KG passed Ewing for 12th on the NBA All-Time FGM list and Cousy for 39th on the FTM list
Heading out with my son Michael and Alyssa to look at the wedding reception hall.
#3WordsForYou suck it bitch.
she saved him
He said he doesn't want to come over, cause then he would have to meet my dad. He just doesn't want to go off on him..God I hate my dad
It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man.
but not heavy metal, if he put a sick rock beat down with some lyrics it would be tight to bridge the gap between rock and rap.
Bout to take a nap. Get up then do my homework! Thank god tomorrow is friday!
#AskKeke how do you keep yourself grounded?
oh yea,ok2 sometimes i open twitter at night,yah i'm rarely opened twitter):but here me:)
u askin for a paint fight
Everything About You is my new favorite song! <3
Thanks for the re tweet ! :)
Yes! Stop crying!
can you tell me how to get the gold coin emblem with the 10th prestige skull on it? please i really would like to get it.
There's a spam message going around re: rumors, we did not send it. Disregard please.
Tummy starting to rumble? Head to the Cow for a nice $4.95 lunch!!! Giddy Up The beef is calling your name.....
Im glad desperate housewives is over. There i said it.
once again I am affirmed that I made the right decision 2 1/2 years ago.
jack scared Bennett n Bennett pushed jack who scraped his leg hahaha
i heard they're only nice to tourists for tourism $$$, but they talk smack about them behind their back
Pretty sure that's a stroke. Call a doctor.
Thanks for the #FF!
The work that you do often goes unnoticed, but I see you!
Opportunities await SMEs in Kazakhstan
Christian school invite track meet im excited!
Army Post Office
just ran 20 miles no Runyon for me!
What is going on #superbowl #XLV #CAMERA MAN DOWN !
great run today in the 38 car
And if she ain't tryna get it, then she get dropped off. Lemme bust that u.e, bitch bust that open
What exactly is a dealy-job anyway?
America, are you stupid? The Repubs cause financial crisis, want to steal Social Security from you, yet you'll vote 4 them? To do it again?
omg u should've seen them :O I got flashed twice
it will be better to have extra tickets versus zero tickets though right. Which one is more important?
I am having a "sleep over" with my daughter in her room. 5 is a great age.
Thanks for the Falling Forwards shirt
Work week finally over! Time to f'ing rage. Join me tonight at Vamp Ultra for dem grumpy beats and tasty liquor! Yousa!
Cautionary metaphor: scholar-programmer like carnivore/herbivore hybrid that "perisheth for lack of food" in trad academy?
I love coming home and hearing about more people dying. It's really great. So its nap time since I can't get drunk and hate crying.
With in Nashville for the hawks - preds game. Missing and
names MA as #1 and MD as one of the most-improved! A good day for both of my homes.
The Black Dahlia Murder is this Thursday! Who's coming?
Because as an elected official he's also subject to ethics complnts/issues. It's complicated to say the least.
JUS MADE ME FEEL BETTER WITH THAT VIDEO!
or us as a collections of 'yous' ....
Creatures walk the earth all the time, on the dime.
when and where will you come to Portland, OR for the Bruce Lee benefit art viewing?
Went to the London Supreme store today. I got yelled at for taking pics of the clothes but it was so worth it.
god does things for a reason
One of my biggest internet #petpeeves is when refuses to load YouTube thumbnails.
That really sucks you actually paid money for those gay Oakleys.
I just wanted to play them one more time so we didn't split with them. I didn't say we would win, just that I wished.
Stay Beautiful through the hot summer. Permanent Makeup makes it happen!
You deserve the best. nothing less.
lol yeah i still do that to :)
Meant to say, looking forward to it, yee ha
Thank God that Jazz saved the day
idk. Its just ironic how he is tweeting all these love quotes and hasnt tweeted its a rumor but he inboxed my friend.
Thanks to Pinkberry for grabbing your banners! Dying to try it..... ALL of Magazine Street needs one ;)
#healthtip: Bring it back 2 the days of playing in the backyardAccoring to magazine, hula hooping burns as many calories as running.
A3: Meeting lifelong friends from around the world in Cape Town South Africa
I'd like to be....ROMAN
See you soon! RT : We have a great team from MD heading to the #a4aChallenge next week to tell Congress that
Appreciate the shout out man! Thank you! RT : check out these boys some quality music mayn
ima box ya ears in
great video. I agree about the "why", want to talk about the "how"?
marry me
Chris Paul's demand of trade to one team really destroys #HORNETS ability to obtain maximum value in a trade. What other team would deal?
confusion b/w public page and profile page. cant i have both???
This weather makes me wanna sleep all day.
Just because you have one, doesn't mean you have to act like one.
Getting oriented, if not caught up. Registered for THATCampAHA. Sent emails. Discovered staples and reloaded stapler.
I'm sure glad no woman I know dates you.
do they need to be told/shown what people sacrifice when "selling sex?"
Twitter exclusive: Testicles.
I'm mad souped brittany replied back to me :')
i die for joan and melissa!!!!!
Thanks! Have a great weekend!
The real question is, will Hedo regain his credibility in Phoenix? You have to imagine that Steve Nash will make life easier on him.
Had a nice winner on #SQuerrey (ATP Internazionali BNL d'Italia S Querrey v J Nieminen) in a Trebles from 4 with
Expendables looks like a bucket list film for all the actors invoked. Arnie, Bruce, Chuck, Dolph. Only Statham still making action vehicles.
On some stupid trip with school to an art gallery! I would rather go see tbh;) -sophie
I want to get close to Myles, but it's like he ignores me -.- whatevas.
need one of those
That game tonight was won in the waning minutes of the BC game on Sunday when Sammy redisvovered his shot.
my cat just shut down my computer. that bitch.
Fina Lay It Down HMU If Yhu Have My # !
Champion KTM #LasVegas is hosting an open house & 1 year anniversary party May 4th. #Text CHAMPIONKTM to 90210 for info sent to your phone.
our wedding rings / engagement rings – dscf9049
first impressions tho
-______- Don't you just wanna slap the shit out of somebody when they say something that's really stupid..
Delighted, How did seminar go? Pics of our event, Civil War Encampment, are now on our FB page,
I Miss Hearing and Phunk During the Game! #doesanyoneknowhowtopostvideostofacebook who agrees???
RT Call me crazy, but i would rather be hurt than see u hurt
No Ceilings vs Sorry 4 The Wait ?
was up for a competition today . #PROUD #
my folks get busy RT : Need some of my mc friends to come on stage tonight and rip shit
Finally getting GQ'd up LOL
Every tweet goes a long way towards beating hunger in #Milwaukee! Thanks for the RTs!
That trick can work for a bad zin or Merlot, but bad Chardonnay? I can barely drink good Chardonnay.
Nerlens Noel Picks Kentucky!!
in virtual worlds you can connect with people everywhere - with people you wouldn't have the chance to meet f2f
i love to talk to you all 2nite for free! will you come to keep company with me in free chat? see my sexy clothes!
I know it's hard, but you have to be the bigger person. The world will give you more respect that way.
you got it boss. hope all is well.
Thanks for the RT!
Everyone wants a pet phoenix like Fawkes in Harry Potter...or is that just me?
CBA's up in September and Donnie Fehr now runs the PA. Sadly, do the math
I'm so stressed out...
Well today has been a shitty mess.
that pit/sd/put stretch looks daunting but team will be up for it!
great session sun event for music dir michaelroy.. that was prob one of the best livemashups i have ever played, w/ great vox harmonies
Matt Kemp has been placed on the DL (hamstring) he will be on the DL for 15 games.
Watching The Hangover for the 8493412 time
Tony Styxx started performing during a fire drill at Broad Ripple High School. Styxx is one our Art & Soul featured artists.
It is, i have obligations tomorrow so i.m observing today :-)
Unfollow this pagee it got hackedd follow my new one for an instant follow back!
Wait—you dyed your hair with someone's blood?
Existing Home Sales Slip in February, Still Outpacing 2011 Sales
Alcohol helping with the wordplay?
ahaha i forgot u was moving there! ayee! we def gotta hang out then fa sho!
By box office or bill's taste?
thanks all! So cool!
Had a great night with and her hubby
So obviously we need to #GetAustinToShowOffHisAbs ! But not this ustream cause I'm going to see the Lion King tomorrow! #Nextweek <111
Welcome to Console Game Jobs
Bo... I'm working in Atlantic City next week so maybe the week after!
Going to check out my girl and my family 2nite 7pm at Le Poisson Rouge!!
#instantturnon man hands
Your an inspiration taking time for your fans. I hope to have fans to give my time to some day! keep rockin!
RT : RT : A2: The power of perception is that what I perceive, I can achieve.
Barnes heating up a little.
I FREAKING LOVE ALL OF YOU!
I don't understand what your issue is with the KATU page, it's readily apparent that it's a bikeportland.org story.
noticed fresh graffiti on the front of this morning : ( people are dumb.
Thanks for mentioning our event!
Mood bored!!!! Missin Victoria tweets ?
In class with
Congrats on the Warrior Dash! I loved reading your experience of the race. So impressed with you.
Uhmm. Next week? c:
Shady Brook Farm Grove
hey I am over tweet limit :) - Nathan :)
OUR FOCUS GENERATING RESULTS FOR YOUR BRAND!
So I experiment with artists, styles now. And Pandora's algo is pretty damn good, fwiw.
yeah blonde attract them but brunettes keep em, so I figured I try something new and go back to my natural!
thx out on the #ff mentions
i hate you.
why haven't I been following you? Here. In this particular corner of the cyberhood. ?? It could be that I'm a twidiot
I see the resemblance! How'd you land in Scotland. Always wonder how folks get gigs overseas! Like on HouseHuntersInternational!
oh my heart goes out to you and your family. I'm very sorry.
Good Vibes...
now if u dnt follow bck imma come follow ur ass for real
Can't figure this out. Just took a cab less than 1.5 miles in Baltimore & it cost $10+tip. I can get on a bus to NYC tomorrow for $20. Huh?
Today is already a crappy day, only to be topped off with last episode. Woe is me.
I HAVE TO GO POOP! Girl knows what she wants!
asking me that is like asking me for advice on how to approach life. (: Is there anything in specific you want to know?
Morning workout then #rugby in the afternoon
I'm sure it has to do with weeks in the Fox schedule for SYTYCD RT : what's the point of that?
PR/Brand/Marketing tweeps - I'm updating my media kit this afternoon. Who wants to see it first? Let's chat! :)
I'm a chocolate chip kind of gal, myself, but this is definitely the best oatmeal raisin cookie on the planet.
those are not sandals. Maybe your problem is that you don't like to see toes...
cant i get a freaking break?! like come on. this isnt right...
The feeling of your wet feet in flip flops... So gross
You are strong enough because in the end you will win!
I know this makes me a terrible 90's adolescent, but if my husband's Nirvana sing-a-long does not end soon, I might scream.
are we ever going to meet up?
Gates at Pentagon Metro station not working. Letting us walk through? Hmm. How will #WMATA goof this up?
ohh, i know(; i saw. i was stalking his twitter(:
Nah, no disrespect! lol I didn't know....I will
yeah - you have have no choice. You're simply keeping your wife happy.
#thatawkwardmoment when you accidently gleak all over your laptop because you opened your mouth funny....yeah...
Instead Of Putting Yuh Partner On A Tight Leash, Give Them Some Room& Let'em Do Their Thing. If They Fuck Up You Know It's Not Meant To Be.”
& tell he left his wife home with his 8 kids lol.
Did you know Smashing Tomato is 1 of less than 40 restaurants in America with the VPN rating? Guaranteeing you authentic Neapolitan Pizza!
Im Tryna Go Too
Once a Dawg, always a Dawg... How sweet it is!!
will y'all be there a while ?
librarians offer something the web never can. curation. they need to be more proactive in offering it.
thanks for the love my dude i got u ill go follow her now
Yeah, that's what I ended up doing. Not quite the same. Thanks for lookin' out, though. 'Preciate it!
Hey actors for sage advice
Any after parties going on tomorrow for ? We wanna play a house show!
“ Without wonder and insight, acting is just a trade. With it, it becomes creation.” Have a wonderful weekend everyone :)
Bet. “: I will get my tweets up to 1000 by the end of this month”
Loving with at #flattsfest so far!! Hoping to hear "cool thing" & "here's to you"!
Did you suck some dick?
Sounds like it's time to start a new leadership hoodie trend!
End of June might work. The #SotTJ is on its way to Europe at the end of this month and going to 2 EuroPads. Send me email.
Its Hot As Fuck IN Arizona....WHy
After talking to me for 5 minutes, Bertrand Russell-quoting cab driver says, "You seem like you've read a lot of semiotics. Is this true?"
Surrender Your Wednesday! DJ Mighty Mi rockin' industry night...hit me up if you need anything 480.612.3337
me too but I'm mad they just killed my boy
I've never been this tired in my life.
The fact that my stolen car stereo was broken anyway *almost* makes up for the gaping hole in my dashboard. *almost*
Just finish the first show at forestwood MS! Now headed Briar Hill MS!
Good luck to my babies and at cheer tryouts!! Make me proud! 😁🍀💗
Don't make me break out the ass whoopin cane
you crack me up :) How are things going?
Hey #coachjags just won two more games. UNC forfeits 2008 2009 seasons. #coachjags record needs to be fixed to 22-6. Go
Mother Goose Parade officials not ducking their duties, asking El Cajon city council 2B the title sponsor of... the 2012 Mother Goose Parade
RT : "The art of simplicity is a puzzle of complexity." - Douglas Horton
me too! Queen of Jordan rules “: I love when is on 30 rock! She brightens my long days! Watching her now!”
When a man tries to play in my hair (weave) when I jus got it done!!
my apartment manager keeps knocking on my walls, i keep yelling back at him that my door is in the hallway, he won't listen so I yell louder
I am going with Memphis and Miami meeting in the Finals. What do you think? Does Chicago stand a chance without Rose.
Excited to get my women's tee later this week!
I hate people who lie , saying they are somewhere . When they're not.
do u have tumblr
Just saw the new RTGX #Nimbus Solid State #Storage #mobile demo using an #HP #Ultradense Server using the Doovel #Hadoop Big Data Solution.
Why is Kate Beckinsale wearing a silk toga?!
Calvin Johnson on the cover of Madden 13
If u want 2c #BATTLESHIP in IMAX in Miami, u'll have 2go2 AMCAventura24! AMCSunsetPlace24 seems 2b catering2 kids' movies not Action :(
If I had a# KeurigVue brewer I would call it my java pit stop. -- cyberdol () -- cyberdol ()
shout out to my little cuzzo
Home from school.
Dang! Good stuff. Have a great weekend and enjoy the bay!
I'm not smart I just listen to smart people.
An Epic Fail Can Only Lead To A Monumentous Rise....-Breeze DTA-
yes they are who doesn't love them <3
John Seely Brown laying an intellectual foundation for digital humanities at De Lange Conference
we are in Michigan on vacation
Its on Queen!! RT : My days of struggling are over thanks to
RT : “: WE HAVE THE CAUSE.YOU HAVE THE EFFECT. Donate 2 #Help4Hygiene & make an impact.
Yes, it is! But I'll look into why you didn't get a text. Did you get an email or twitter dm perhaps?
#INeverUnderstood why so many ppl were born without common sense
Tix are on sale for our Artisans' Fare on Nov. 18/19; Indiana's premiere food & drink artisans will be there, like www.localfolksfoods.com
what do you Ay??? hell
Want to see the day an HBCU beats one of these BCS teams. That might get more Black athletes thinking about playing for Black Colleges
TIV will be May17 @ Level 3. Annual bday bash 4 Free cover. Huge event. Dont miss it. Will you be there?
Three minutes.
I know, hence why I said it LOL
none of my friends knew about you, so i showed them your song . AND GUESS WHAT . YOU HAVE JUST WON 500 MORE MAHOMIES <3
Omw 2 get this check. Drinks on me. Just bring cash if you wanna drink too lol
Maybe they're just super comfortable for ass-kicking. More flexibility.
you bet!!!
You would there would a business in geek-centric piñatas!
Thank you. Someone else sees it. RT : Those two doubles given up by Veras were fair by about a combined 2.5 inches. Tough luck.
So excited that has a twitter... was listening to Fallen and was thinking it'd be sweet if she did! <3
Hardest working mom in showbiz
I think I'll start a notebook with Pinterest recipes. ;)
RT : FOX NEWS REPORTS: Romney Could Make History by Defeating First Gay Muslim President /
Another field goal!!!!
Have fun.
Sick stat ! - RT : Milwaukee Brewers P Zach Grienke has a ERA of 1.51 since the All Star Break
Proclamation presented to Lady G
Final dress done. Always a little depressing to be the only designer in the room...
A lot of lemon and grapefruit citrus on this Colombelle Blanc for me...crazy acidity.
Now it's time to play some COD.
yeah I stayed commited with quiting but yeah >.< Yeah I'm done! Now I just gotta move out :):
ha! Thanks!
I was kidding guise.
Be grateful for everything you have today:) Remember there are people with much less!
They're just cardboard cutouts.
Check out our Facebook page!!! Press 'Like'! www.facebook.com/flighttoathena
Morning cardio...check! Barre at tonight with
come home to me
Mrs. Janice bought me a bracelet & clutch for prom. Seriously, she's like a grandma to me. I love her <3
What's this all about...are the #Packers rocking alternative unis next year?
Congrats to ABQ for Top Honors for My Story is Written in ABQ - most innovative.
Okay, I'm officially on a kick again. Yayyy! Last time I went through this phase about three years ago. Haha <3
S/O TO D HOMIE BRUCE IRVIN
there must be somethin in the water...
A Fav place to visit! RT: Tourism #1 job creator in Oregon. 8K jobs in the last year.
I don't want to be creepy, but I dreamed we created the Antichrist last night.
happy to help and pretty sure it's better than going to the dentist, and can make it much easier for you ;)
Rihanna's Where Have You Been is my ish!
Hot in Cleveland
Awww... it's already over. I hope The Bowery shows more concerts live.
Finished work on a new song. Details coming soon
Red State : cool and funky. Waiting to hear from kev his reasons for.
Luck + Horseshoe = Duh
mom believes the angels sing, but dad believes the devil brings..
#Florence is only 25? More like 34. (I'm talking a lot of trash tonight)
Party America does not sell fake dog poop.
Tweet to the FACE!!!!!
When no guy has liked you in 2 years. That when you no you
So Like Tommorow Im Gonna Like U Know Try And Get My Nerves Together And Talk To Him <3 :)
I'm the luckiest woman in the world. Sometimes it takes something big happening to see that, but Im so glad I finally did. I love you baby!!
After Hours Blog : Bluebrain’s “Central Park (Listen to the Light)” Location-Based Album
Wow signed to Cash Money records!!! Big move big homie!!
How qanqster does this make me look? I qot to find me some dum dums to eat!
"Prefer to spend money on one sharp developer to make an application do great stuff for users" rather than vendor customization
Looking forward to meeting you and worshiping together! Praying for you.
Tonight! Is our amazing guest at ! Join us w/ Dj for glitter, drinks, mashups & madlibs! 10:30!
Happy Birthday to my big bro, Ray. There is nothing quite like time with family :)
Sent the hubby to the mall-should be interesting!
I'm doing good. How have you been?
is a genius. He's following in my comedic footsteps.
ur welcome! It occurred 2 me hearing u sing "how gr8 thou are" that u can never thank some1 enough 4 their voice. Thx 4 follow
- Hey! Would love to introduce you to our video platform!
Have him hit us up on twitter or
#LakeShow mothafuckas!!!!! Bring on the thunder!!!
ELIXER TOMORROW FOR BDAY BASH COME PARTY WITH THE LOVELY LADIES OF #EnvyMeEnt & #SavageLifeEnt 🎉🎈💿📷BE THERE OR BE TALKED ABOUT
Penn State has 25 Media Commons locations that are similar to the digital union.
Working on Xmen parody video, hoping that it will be out next Sat.!
Haunt you to your grave, lightly.
I love this verse!
1/2 Price Sushi, Wine & Beer from 4-6pm. Don't forget about the FREE wine tasting tomorrow from 4-6pm!! See you there!
my nerves are already going insane, can't imagine how Steph feels. Thankfully it's girls night, jemME!
Nobody like him. "Coach Coattail Rider". RT “: Lakers fans.. U like Mike Brown?”
It was hard.
I am so sorry to hear that. I just got to functional this morning. I can do without migraines entirely.
I say lead him off still. Can't think of any one else to put in the 1-2 slot. Izturis? Morgan? Aoki? Yucks.
Thanks. RT : Hi thanx for your keynote earlier. Was interesting, and good to speak to you afterwards.
Yeah I'm in Cali driving the PCH from SF to LA right now, it's beautiful. Where r u Chinca Chinquenta Face??
Rise and shine fans! We play a game that counts tonight.
We play at Toby Keiths in St. Louis Park from time to time.
Happy Father's Day to all the Dads! We appreciate you and love you!!
Getting comfortable w/1.3. Wish for: narrow columns, clicking on Growl notif opens tweet, trackpad side scroll, search in columns
waiting on a sunny day to shoot some new video for the hydrobikes!
RT You Assume Things = You Look Like A Dumbass. You Don't Assume = You Look Stupid When Your Assumptions Were Right. -_-
Pretty badass Free Vertical Jump Training course! It works Instantly! wanted to share www.theverticalpro.com
--extremely and utterly comical! Thanks for all the colorfulness and eccentricities your twitter presence brings.
Who is Sue Burke?
Hey, thanks -- been fun!
if I was your best friend, I'd want you around all the time
I find that I'm a connoisseur of fine literature. Currently reading 'Barbara: Barbara Striesand's Life in Pictures'.
Bahaha.. Android just drank mini bud lights and fell asleep and now I'm listening to him sleep talk about dry wall.. Hahaha
Shucks…It brings me joy knowing that it brought you joy. Some good stuff indeed.
Sometimes i set my standards 2 low ..its ova 4 dat
no, but we are all pogo'ing in our offices
Got it! Thanks!
Ask Ray J, Miles or Hump RT : How do you spell tanorexic anyway? Tannerexic? Tannorexic? Is this even a real word?
Day at a Time..I'm just chillin plottint
Us bearded bald guys stick together. And kick ass.
“: can't make it to the Evansville show, car trouble, but if you go thru Owensboro, lemme know” ANYONE WANNA GIVE GURL A RIDE?
If Anybody knows Anybody that's selling a Sprint or At&t iPhone4S please hit me up!!
There is no futur there is no past I live this moment as my last ( )
Network Programmers needed for a rapidly expanding #MMO company in the
Tweet, eat, sleep, repeat. <3
No, we just expect pro athletes to earn their keep and not pass the accountability onto someone else.
I haven't heard anything official yet but little bird at #afta11 just told me that we got the California Arts Council grant we applied for!
when I first read that, I thought your hashtag was "donut onto others" ... which is also a very sweet and giving sentiment ;)
Yeah!!! Bulls won!!!
encourage one another.
Good morning to you too!! :)
three white guys and a Mexican!
Haven't been up this early in quite some time.
I miss my bo <3
#uicdae audio descriptions: be the eyes not the brain, don't describe too much, don't interfere with native audio & speak clearly
A flock of teenage girls came in the cafe I am eating at, and I am reminded how happy I am to no longer be a teenage girl.
well those r the good ones lol how bout the bad ones
Wow. I love seeing my friends doing well in life :) especially ones that deserve it most! And when they let me drive their new audi! :D
Thanks it's fully recovered this is just first REAL test. Good luck @ LSU but remember, everyone wants to be a Nole!
Imma take Steelers lanyard and put his keys on my #ArmyStrong lanyard when he's asleep! 😁
thanks for following me back!
NOW STEVE MCNAIR? WOW! RIP. HOPEFULLY THEY FIND WHO KILLED HIM N HIS FRIEND!
Shout out to my Bro bringing my other mother to the same show, I know both of them are excited...Gotta treat mom right!!!
Not much Tweeting Tonight, BUT can I just get a GO PACK GO...????
Orlando, around 9am and after...
I'll be honest, I had to Google him. And even still, he didn't register. That's what happens when you're not a 70s Royal. Ha!
not happy. Hope he can ball out like he's capable of. Dude drives me nuts, tho. I'd do anyting for da Pack so I won't hate jus yet
My new picture on Instagram is getting no love.
smh, what you get a ticket for?
I hate not having anything to do.
Guaranteed Ratings Beast RT : Check out 's discovery channel show Butthole Garage
my mom posted that on my page. haha
Who's watching some football and enjoying Rubicon beer? I am!
great game from Mat and Hell of a hit at home. Glad x-rays came back ok!
ha I didn have time yet
where's that?
Tonight at Kilroy's Sports cover is only $5 per 2 people. Well worth it, considering everything is HALF OFF!
#20ThingsAboutMe Im an easy person to get along with unless i don't get along with you or like you.
Watching Damages. Such a great show.
All experience is an arch, to build upon. Henry B. Adams
