Were it not for music, we might in these days say, the Beautiful is dead. ~Benjamin Disraeli
With all the foursquare mayors out there, have any been inspired to run for actual mayor of a town? Gamifying politics?
what's good cuz
So would I!": I'd buy tix for that! RT : should look at fir next year...I'm just sayin"
Expats, by Chris Pavone. takes place in Luxembourg, where I studied for a semester! spy thriller, which isn't my usual...!
Everything is breaking today! My nails, my chairs, buttons on my shirt!!! #%!$ it's like I'm being punked.
SCHOOL TOMORROW!!! I'm really scared and upset! my eye just healed from last time :(
as Rebecca Black would say "yesterday was thursday. Tomorrow is Saturday. And sunday comes afterwords"
Pretentiousness is not attractive.
Dude....that is far from me! If you would have been West that was only like 15 min away.
Bear down
hi hows feeling...???
so true. Haha
I feel so much better right now
Well... you could have been sent to Russell, KS. Try to enjoy Berlin! lol RT : Meh. It's for work.
": Getting the kitchen fired up for bacon night. See everyone in a couple of hours!" Nom nom nom
Sending good thoughts.
haven't heard that one before.
: text me.
No sun... I can't wait for that May weather like Floyd.
I love u more than words!!!!! Wow! Another memory to share!
So I had a change of heart & offered my help. She took it without hesitating. Haha aw
Can we play Clue?If Killer Bunnies is too complicated
yep. every boy needs a pickup truck.
Waiting for someone to link mother's day to thankfulness for our strong military... so I can UNfollow them.
Mayback music "That Way"...Wale, Jeremih and Rick Ross
Seth Woods playing tonight at ! Show starts at 8:30 pm.
Ever since my company had a Mad-Men-themed Holiday Party, I was like, No.
The German mind has a talent for making no mistakes but the very greatest. ~ Clifton Fadiman
"Golf fore Groceries" recipe, RT
Pittsburgh in the house celebrating Birthdays!
What? That bad?
Not that I'm a Nats fan, but I'm always up for a good prop bet. Winner gets control of the other's Twitter feed for 24 hrs?
Most endangered continues... Meadow Farm, Caroline County.
hello. Tell us all a little about yourself.
Happy Friday everybody!
good luck!
"Stay" is a charming word in a friend's vocabulary. -Louisa May Alcott
How you gonna yell at me for someone else not passing a drug test? How is that my fault?
I'm looking forward to see The Vow this weekend. I hope no one dies at the end - I will bawl my eyes out.
omg. just failed over a production server using #ganeti for the first time. technology is awesome.
": get ready. I travel with 3 rubber dicks at all times." That's the name of their morning show!
When we lose someone it is amazing that we expect everyone in the world to hear about it, especially if it was an injustice...
Congrats to #Darius Johnson-Odom, #mubb, and all join us for extra Lombardi mojo before meeting UNC in Newark this week!
How's the box ?
Why do some women sit on the sink to make their ass look bigger? Don't you realize your ass goes back flat once I stand up. B real.
i think it starts with a W or M i am not sure i heard from a person who knows her it starts with a M or W i do not know it yet
can you direct msg us ? thx ..
Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some stay for a while and leave footprints on our hearts and we are never the same.
you better be ready at 7:00 am
"no I'm not lucky, I'm blessed!"
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit. ~ Anonymous
I hesitate to call what I do with my all my shit 2x/year "packing" because it always ends up being something closer to "purging"
- God is the wind ; we try to shut it out and parcel it...therein the ( apparent ) problem
#throwbacksongs iris- goo goo dolls. Pop up video for life.
founding an anti-social network.
“: great service. Awesome! I'm awake & alive thanks to our GOD!! Your service was has moved me!! Thanks!”
Way too fat today - just ask dubey
Thanks for coming!! glad you had fun
I... I was expecting a burlesque show because it was billed as such.
Hey Mandy! I'm in the office today. Sorry! I should have texted you earlier. What's your plan for tonight?
All I want right now is a hug . This is such bullshit .
Last thing I'll say about that, drink that koolaid. DRANK IT. Okay that's all about that.
Thank you Karl! That means a lot to me!
for sure
Good evening twitter friends. whats is new in fashion and in Houston
I need wine. A nice glass of quality red wine! What are your favorite wines?
S/O to my diamond team , follow us we #followback Check out
On the bright side, though, whoever wrote ppa-purge is a saint.
#Parenting Tip: Raising our #kids entails helping them manage disappointment constructively.
wish i could be cuddled up w/ #oomf <333
"I think fundamentalist Christians and atheists are both extreme". <<Usually said by someone who thinks they're superior to both.
February was good to the Grateful Pet family....really good! Looking forward to the madness of March :-)
Q: Why is it dangerous to let your man's mind wander? A: It's too little to be out alone.
when you hang wires from wooden poles above ground, wind fucks them up. Just to let you know
Im trying to arrive close to one of my roommates times too so we can share a cab.
We had a mama duck & ducklings on the property, but she tired of all the silly humans & left.
Sangria...yep
#argentina-Bolivia someone give messi a barça shirt ahaha or maybe he needs xavi and iniesta next to him
love you lots lots & lots <3
So unhappy in this house..
thanks for the understanding! My mgr is working on getting it towed!
it's such a big topic. My response is coming in a blog post in which I humbly attempt to carry on the conversation.
I am not touching myself during class.
Laying on the couch eating pringles, and chili cheese fritos.. Yummy..
That's great! Hopefully you'll find my products interesting and give them a try sometime. :)
Silent Night, of course.
You hear that new Drake?
God emailed us and said to go to 3036 n. elston to see TBONE, CENTAUR NOIR, TAMBOURINE, and more. 9pm. do it for Him.
The Gunplay 'Jump Out' video is terrible, the hook is inexcusable, and Gunplay just looks silly in a beanie.
I accidentally bought 3 yards of fabric instead of 3 swatches. :(
Free Lunch Today come and get some delicious mexican pile on!! Looks super good
N E W E D I T I O N! '80s memory in full effect.
I heard MAYBE Mick might play some Stones gigs next year for that 50th Anniversary tour. Bill Wyman may be as well.
Didn't do a #FF, but these people truly chase their dreams. Follow them:
Just heard Flava Flav has a book out . , , how is that possible?
Major reality check for me!!!
// He wants our sacrifice of self. Earthly Traditions & culture are comforts that #Heaven wont have. //endrant
That just should never happen
Damn someone shout out to me like seriously i have like no followers..... I love the people that are following me though :3
Thanks! Glad you find it helpful.
S/O to and for being great friends !
We're looking forward to it too!
Can't believe it's the last week of my freshman year of college. It went by so fast.
Happy birthday to the fun and gorgeous !!!
#Bulls playin like ass tonight!!
Thinking of me turning another age in less than a week. I see Y folks dont handle aging well. Time moves too fast once ur an adult
looking forward to hearing more
✋📖 I ain't drinking like last night
can't wait to see! This is going to beer than Christina Aguilera's suddenly slut phase
live chat any minute now! aah! i'm so excited.
Lol...62 unlucky tweeters are gonna be unfollowed. Today could be your day
so good Mr. Wills! It keeps getting busier :)
Totes forgot about the Old Pecan St. Festival. It's always something, eh Austin?
RT : Of course he took the last shot. I don't like that guy's Jere-me first attitude, and I find it Linsulting to the game.
Happy Hump Day! Going to a closing then to get my hair done
say what you will about whatever the Hell friends we are -- we need to see that movie together.
True. It can be hard to emphasize how important the choice of CMS is.
Cleaning room=throwing everything that will fit into your closet that fits.
oh good. We need to find a time to get a drink, though. It will be fun.
So sleepy.
It's sorta like Friday...
I hate to kill 'em. They're practically family....but I am an exterminator. Actually, I only use live catch traps at home. Only at home..
oh pookie...maybe someday you'll be allowed to stand in front if the board instead of kneeling down under it.
ONE-LINER: The repairman will never have seen a model quite like yours before.
yup! That's him.
I'm that guy whose iPod is filled with pop songs from car commercials.
n e way u laughing at me n u still up too ah ha ;-p
We now have a Twitter account, hope all you Cardinals have a fun and safe Friday night! We are open until 3AM tonight, give us a call!
go look at Justin Biebers latest tweet!!! Like now. ASAP.
That's awesome! Congratulations! :)
RT : RT : RT : LeBron can't even get the refs to call a foul on him when he tries to give one.
welcome to twitter !!
So glad to have shared the highlight of my day with you.
Off to then to play some #poker & try to perform a skrillarectomy on some of these cowboys in town for
it is getting on my nerves that people are confusing 'then' and 'than' when writing
OMG! I thought u were talkin bout my "beef jerky"! LMAO! I told peeps @ work bout ddub kiss. They didn't care!
If you do a general search for temp agencies some others come up.
A great new record label releasing high quality music, and they'll keep you up to date with all the news on my new album ()
Most people will accept a likely lie to an unlikely truth ...!!!
Love me some Albert Mehrabian! RT 7% of communication is verbal. Tone of our voice constitutes 38%, body language or physiology 55%
Um NO RT : you know you're a fat ass if you retweet a restaurant. If you retweet McDonalds you got some serious issues
"oh sometimes I get a good feeling"
I'm on my way. I have a #BoxofTissues in one hand and #Food in the other. I'm prepared. ;D
I have no appetite this isn't normal
After the Broncos stunned the Bears in overtime (Tim)"Tebow has been dubbed The Mile High Messiah."
as we get more connected aren't we all changing the face of what theeatre is.
yup;D ill tweet pics later:)
Ayyyeeee #classic RT : heard the sexual healing mix off the chain you put yo foot in that!!!!!
yes please bringeth it on TURTLE!
Mighty Texas Dog Walk today Check in w/ Mud Puppies & add to Biggest Hair Ball! Drop by 2nd St #austinloftydog 4 goodies. open @ 9am today.
shares the same birthday as I'm sorry, Aaron!
Happy Leap Day!!! A leap and a hump day!
Who says you're not star potential? Who says you're not presidential?
No probRT : s/o to for da follow
Forecast for tonight | A great party with at with a myriad of Ace and Dom. Contact me for info.
i slept good last night
Maybe if I had a better attitude and wasn't so sarcastic I'd actually have friends.
with train. :p
5 yrs ago there was no Facebook platform or iPhone. “These two super-platforms enable most innovation we see today,” Spotify CEO
Wish I was curled up in bed with watching 90210. On that note
Working on a client computer
Gratitude, it is tough to show, but it is something one must show on a daily basis.
Yeah...is that okay Jessi? -Samantha
It's National Dog Day so a shout out to my pups Pepper & Ginger. You guys are the best dogs on the planet.
this chemistry sol review packet<<<
Would you rather go to Orlando or hang out with Europeans?
that sucks ... Does it still work?
My wife is away at a conference, I am trying to pack for an overnight, clean up house, ship something, and amuse 3 year old
Step #7: give up on the luxury of criticism.
I know the feeling. I was in school until the game started and then I had homework.
“:At this point in my life I don't have any problem deleting people in my life, you wanna leave,I'll open the door for you !”
He's an architect. It's all leading somewhere (in addition to the bank).
You look great!
Wonderful. Can you please provide your email address for us? Once I have this, I can check the status! Thank you!
Indians in 1st place!!
Why does my mom have to take my car when she goes out with friends :(
- kudos for your motivation to "get back on track" - I think we can all relate :) Go get 'em!
Best Mother's Day ever... RT : SEX TAPE OF TYSON BECKFORD IS BEING SHOPPED?!
What a day god is so god
so where are they now at 9:45 pm May 15?
If you wearing any other color but blue today you should just probably stay inside
I'll be going off on a whim tonight at Governors!!! Come on down 10pm
stop halsey lol
Yeah, it hit me hard too. Didn't realize he was that old. He was a real influence on my work, especially his muted colors.
Who would like a couple of FREE tickets to the show tonight in San Francisco? (we always save some guest list spots for our Facebook folks)
Haha absolutely karma!
Loving life and touring the world!!!
- ATL. Gotta love the Falcons.
Thanks for the RT! See you next week at our first PRSA-C event of 2012!
r.i.p heavy d "greats die bfore i get a chance to meet em"
AVENGERS next friday!!!!
My Saturday night? Removing a trojan virus acquired by my sweetie pie.
I like how live tweets the entire time we are at a VERY IMPORTANT meeting!! She plays while I have to work!
all I know is I need to get the EFF outta Boston... September where are you? ATL is callin my name
OK THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT IT
hope you insomniac , sleep on me if you wanna take a dirt nap; nigga i'm talking rat tat tat !
Question is now: Will Romney 1 Up POTUS by backing marriage between a man and a corporation?
#1 did you survive fall break and #2 how the heck was your weekend event lady hurry and BLOG it I'm dying for your story!!
5 months until EdCamp Social Studies. We think you should share this with your Social Studies departments!
Is very happy when life unexpectedly turns out great
The only day I ever want Chick-fil-a is on Sundays
Caroline was affected by our last hotel breakfast too. The hall was crowded. And we're watching the spread in Contagion RIGHT NOW.
ok ok sorry fam I'm drunk. Lol plz send me a link so I can promo.
im proud af of my peers
Ohio n teasing cincy n lehigh
It's funny when Heat fans act like they care
where do birds go at night?
L.A. needs more biergartens.
Went to visit my brother yesterday. Did a double-take because one of the inmates looked like he could be the twin of someone I know.
Carlisle: Roddy is gonna have to play...we need him. Marion is a big difference maker for us. This time of year is good pressure
I wish I could hug you. God loves you, and I love you.
People who used to rely on snail mail to communicate are now able to exchange letters within
I do. Thanks!
Evidence of God's existence! Pittsburgh wins Stanley Cup.
'Tis not where we lie, but whence we fell; the loss of heaven's the greatest pain in hell.
Thanks :) “: #NF cute smile by the way”
it is. But took time to get it. Very thankful.
"That'll Learn Ya!!"
If you're not good at something you love, just commit so much time to it that people associate it with you anyway.
well wen I get off
just popped open a can of hormel chili, pouring it on some chips!
Your toddler is probably happier, too! Thanks for trying AmazonFresh! We sure hope you stick with us.
In the mood to blow up a tv!
oh, now I'm even more pumped. Still down to see in June, or will you be all ffunnily ffrended out?
Oh my... those new strawberry cheesecake frosty parfait's from Wendy's are too damn good!
Planking Seems Stupid Ass Fuck Just Saying..:D
Hey tell your hubby I was in his old stomping grounds today and passed the Jasper Engines house!
Beer and free hot dogs. Perfect end to the work day.
I dunno why, but from all the toys in the world, People choose “Feelings” to play with...
Please dont apologize,ur hilarious! : i know you get updates so, im sorry that i kept tweeting...
Watching the home alone series on
Incredible lunch ! The chicken or the egg. Thank you and !
Crazy morning. Fuck.
Sorry to hear that. It's nice and sunny here in Pittsburgh today, Mercedes.
Needs some inspiration. Thank goodness for #cupofinspiration via
what do I win!?
I heard he was stapled to the chicken but either way works. :)
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave. ~Calvin Coolidge
Damn, produced a bass sax 2day. Damn, what a sound. Gotta use that in the future. Also tuba. There's a cat in New Orleans, whew!
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: Males with mutant MeCP2 typically die within first year of life because...yup...only one X-chromosome.
Had a lovely egg, cheese and bacon bit omelet with cottage cheese and Tiramisu flavored coffee that a lovely European slave sent me
please please please please please please please please please please!!!!!!
I have 9 days to decide what I'm gonna do next year...and I don't want any of my options. I just wanna stay inside and hide from reality...
Fuck the world.....!
Working out the details to be a part of the biggest charity event in DC this spring!!
The best thing about waiting is having what you really deserve.
is #boehner not wearing a flag pin? has he become one of those European socialists? dems are too afraid not to. where is his?
but he died! Yesterday! And for some reason this is one loss I am not mourning.
huge fan of Mike Floyd's ... It's a good deal all around
Well guys, today is the day! Let's make today the best graduated class Mayfield High has ever seen!
ugh with all the dang food! So ready to go back to chicken and wild rice..
Thank you Chris!!!
sounds like fun- I remember seeing Danzig in white plains ON Halloween in 1991, and they played "Halloween" - mind blowing at the time
Lining up Jelly Bellies by flavor and number so that I slowly savor them and don't just pour them into my mouth all willy-nilly.
Haha, nice one Elliot, I think Keith came to the same conclusion. :)
": MT : "With the delegate sweep in Guam, it is worth more to Romney than Oklahoma was to Santorum." Delegate math!"
Amazing show at the White Out! Great win by the Yotes, just an incredible day all around!
brisk sunday morning jog
Come back and visit soon! Take care and eat well :)
I'm gonna start yelling at Mike Davis even before he drops the pass from now on. Yelling at him afterward is getting old
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "This game is fun once you get the hang of it!" by Ariana
So inspired by at !!! Can't wait to ask her to speak at Girl Talks Project Inside Out!
Loving the new show "United Stats of America" on the History Channel. Funny, educational, gratuitous boobs. Watch it now!
well hello hello!
Pink eye suckkkss
Our first breakfast in Paris a walk down from our 2nd floor Apt and into La Boulangerie! So many choisi...tarte au poire ou pain chocolat?
We need YOU!
very nice work!
The most #famouslies is "I am fine"
"Sent from Twitter for iPad" Looks like you had a pretty #luxurious birthday already, Bitta
I'm playing the CNBC Million Portfolio Challenge via
dear #akronrappers, if u ain't my nigga, & hopefully yall know who yall r, FUCK U!!! im done being supportive...Shine On Pt.2 coming soon
Just knocked down a MKE Burger and Buffalo Chix Eggroll & kids polished down strips Best Sunday in a while! Family & Peanuts
I need to start getting more sleep
call up this # & ask where their guitars are assembled-they honestly DO NOT KNOW: 1-866-328-4146
Jersey Mikes Subs for lunch <3 bringin back the old memories <3
Our pleasure!
i kinda wanna see it ha
“: BATTLE ROUND IDEA: Juliett Simms vs. Eric Church. #justsayin” WOW!!!
Just lost my cool big time with the RCN lady after an unsuccessful trip to their inconvenient central office downtown.
it goes under the category of bitching which is depressing
"I wasn't that drunk!" "Dude, you asked your girlfriend if she was single"
One more week to register for the #a4aChallenge! Registration closes May 2. Help us make the case that #AfterschoolWorks!...
giving up bogeys for lent
Good morning! I really had to stop and think when I realized it was Wednesday again ALREADY! It seems like it's gone SO fast..
Read the last two lines of the column.//Fair enough, I guess I just think his apology was sufficient for foot-in-mouth.
I really wish it was October.
Too bad I don't have 1MM+ followers like or Delta might care
Sandburg has a power outage? Oh, this isn't surprising. Hahaha
Happy St. Patrick's Day! 
Just waiting for the cover for the new book The Sentinel. I think it's a great story for kids to read. It & the screenplay is for them.
how about a blogpost;-)?
The things I do for his love. Smh.
so sick of work.
Barbershop Punk theatrical premiere Tomorrow Night! reRun Theater in Brooklyn!!!
oh nun.I just was seeing wat u doing
Check out Scholars' Thursday tonight with . The night of music, poetry, trivia, comedy and more starts at 9 pm.
My nose runs every time I eat.
Sure enjoy!
i need a #haircut!
hopefully the NFLPA is doing the same.
Petroleum Jelly 2.) - Long term damage becoming evident-side effects from impurities in manufacturing process implicated in causing cancer!
I'm here 'til Wednesday (Downtown LA). Shoot me an email if you time for a drink or a meal or something.
thanks girl (:
Thanks for the love! We're very excited, too. Hope to see you soon!
Excited for OB Jazz Fest tomorrow! Music, food and beer garden = perfect Saturday!
oh yeah, nbd. check your e-mail!
without good friends, you have nothing
<----- #Shoutout ! Thanks 4 the follow I will
Thanks!! :) “: I love the theme of your blog, "There is no crying in PR!" Very clever.”
Words don't describe how much I'm dreading going to school tomorrow..
RT Bounty and Regular Nightly Tournaments have good value ($125/15)
Remember my prediction during the Manning saga and Marshall trade; Moore to Hartline starting qb/wr week 1.
Good to see everyone today! Thanks for coming out and braving the cold weather to make a statement that Wal-Mart is not welcome in our city.
It's funny because he doesn't know what a television is, and everyone has bad hair! COMEDY.
OMG NO #NYR score against #Caps!!
"I'm not sure about this." "How can you say that?" "I don't like the sound of that."
You guys are the greatest! Thanks for the customer support!
I was the neighbor to your left. Nice to meet you on twitter. You have some tech skills...
thank you. no there isn't any more cause i didn't get the gig. rewriting a script for-hire now. must focus! lol.
Whats a matter??
So there's some hot guys at the beach .. 👍
Makin the intro
sad not to have Canadian thanksgiving this year, but 2 days off is pretty nice.
LEGGO #Sixers. That's a huge win. Going home with momentum
Some facts about me:: I love question
Follow me please!!ILOVEUU!!!
Welcome to Walmart, go fuck yourself...
The use of our highly attuned essences can remove or "overwrite" painful memories and limiting beliefs...bit.ly/floralivemission
No problem ma, I really do love your album
I heard it's easier to do your job with a computer.
I missed this! I fell asleep! Thanks tho.
well here's the thing I had one that was awesomeaglet but then I decided I wantd to start fresh so mynewone is "twinsofliberty
Cant stop listening to mixtapes
The largest 4th quarter comeback in playoff history smh
Great seeing & at Chilly Gonzales.
Why is unpopped popcorn even listed on nutrition labels? WHO IS EATING UNPOPPED POPCORN?
Battle of Atlanta World Karate Championship XLIII is June 17-18 . Join Us? Vacation in one of the world's most exciting cit
No worries! I got your email! I will add you to the next update. Thank you! :)
hi! do you have suggestions for playgrounds in SD for 1 y/o kids?
If you live in or near district 21, I need your help these next two weeks. Call me at 512-814-5138 if you can help!
this thing is weird
PS. My walk up song would be "Counting Murders and Drinking Beers" by Coalesce.
we may or may not go.
you stopped talking to me love so i thought you were just done :/
i know. plus a lot of people have argued that parks will survive bc it's owned 100% by NBC and is relatively close to syndication.
UTSA head football coach Larry Coker joins TMD next
Reports that "Brookfields...the people who own this place...are on their 'last wits with us.'"
no problem! :)
RT Anger is a weakness in an insecure personality.
I know god has something truly amazing in stored for me. 😊
At the Hornets game in a sweet suite with
.babe wants me to go over {;
If guys wake up with "morning wood", then girls wake up with ... #pondering Morning birdies :)
have a beautiful fall weekend!
Why does your nose run and your feet smell?
jusss woke up, not in the best mood today. I was never informed, that love hurts this fuckin' bad. #mehhh. :/
Jenien , just saved me ! I lovee , her . (:
Dellinger: the ACA doesn't contain an individual mandate, it's a choice between minimum coverage or paying more taxes
You're welcome! What are your thoughts about PGR et al?
Aw, thank you Tessa! I really appreciate that :)
there needs to be a restaurant that sells healthy, correctly portioned food at a reasonable price. It should be called "Noms"
for sure and ditto if you come down to Portland.
On another #starwars bender. Please intervene with contact solution and Blue Snaggletooth action figures
*Placing 18,000 plus hot dogs on chairs so Thunder fans can throw wieners upside ron artest head.
Omg. He keeps calling me babe. That's my weak spot bro. Kills me every time.
wow, that's dirty.
Thanks you very much, Rachel! :-) How are you doing? What have you been up to?
Oh, I was talking about the city in general but that works too. I think from like the 50's to the 80's we were never more than 11 GB
He saw the best in me, When everyone else around me See he's mine, and I am his, It doesn't matter what I did, He only sees me for who I am
Join our twitter family!!!! and we hope to see you here at in Chicago AGAIN soon!
Black Theatre News for the week.
": Luv this fr my girl : "I'm not here to please you. I'm here to raise you." #Moms #Dads" I love it!
i got a brand new one still in the plastic. ready 4 yu
well thank you! glad you got to listen :)
loss is so strange
What friends?
Get to hear Corky Seigel and his Chamber Blues Band in Three Oaks MI tonight!
Or like some relief package for Katrina victims.
Must practice discipline in my practicing. Trying not to let the mind and the fingers slip away in the middle of scales and arpeggios...
Scott Wallace is an amazing story teller, on paper AND in.person. Thanks for hosting him!
yeah, we were planning on stopping by.
"they are crypto-Derridians embedded into collections of fossilized bones to pervert good positivist American school-children."
The amount of sleep required by the average person is just five minutes more...
Help me get 1000 followers? :D I follow back btw
Hope You have a very Happy Halloween! :-)
Hah the Ivey anecdote is pretty funny.. what an animal. Sounds terrifying, can't believe ppl would try to rob aviation club
Yay! Glad you love your hair. “: thanks! did such a good job!”
My God u are quick on the Twigger! Get it? So fun to see u too!
“: Can anyone tell me if Brew City is sold out yet?” still some tickets left! Not for long though...
Princess Cruises sale extended thru 10/31 Get reduced deposit & coupon booklet!There's nothing as relaxing as a Princess cruise 800-803-7245
Poised Creation has gone through some growing pains!
Thanks for the follows. Have a great weekend. @
Up way too early but it's for a good cause.
Thank the good lord we have a pet bakery boutique in town now. Our dog population had been living like a bunch of savages.
Umami Bag of Tricks: Tomato,Wine, Garlic,Onions,Beef Bones = Beef Barley Soup to write home about!
#ToPlayAugustaIWould cheerfully accept your kind invitation to do so. (There's a sponsor to pay airfare and greens fees, right?)
Not gonna have my contacts / glasses for the senior assembly tomorrow. :o
Fine, Obama got Bin Laden. But we need a Republican president who will focus on trashing the economy with European style austerity.
Bobby Knight is such a tool. Talks about POY and doesnt even mention Anthony Davis. That is some of the worst bias I have ever seen!
Christmas is almost here! Make sure to hang the mistletoe! ;)
Exceptionally dirty. Shouldn't you be packing?!
i absolutely love having my license.
You act all hard on twitter, and at school you ain't shit (;
Lil wayne verse on that Mystikal track >
Money from strangers is such a brilliant funny show.
Thrilled to try out the new tonight with the crew!
do it!
Thanks for the Sat. shout out!
Obit entirely by Ryan, but I have to take the byline since I'm here and he's now in Iowa!
We work out of Wadsworth but Barberton has the best Sausage and Bread in the area that I can source locally. Now to answer...
Might sleep in my trimming belt...
Damn damn damn
Daily Special, Mon 04/23/12 - Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
Cat: it's so cute! Like a baby meatball Andre: meatballs are brown Cat: YOUR SO MEAN TO ME :] #CatQuotes ♥
Signs is a pretty good movie.
Just worked with Hulk Hogan & Troy Aikman! These guys are both over 6'5", which made my 5'10" self feel tiny! Love it!...
#FACT Larvae can develop and hatch into mosquitoes in seven to 10 days, depending on the environment.
Sometimes meetings are so unnecessary especially when they pertain to absolute nonsense...JusSayin!! Anticipating those NBA playoffs later!!
FINALLY seeing #TheHungerGames!!! (So that everyone will cease in disowning me lol)
Listening to the late Eddy Shaver play some amazing blues licks on "Necessary Evil". Wow, what a talent. R.I.P., Eddy.
swag swag u love me u love me swag swag i love u 2 i love u 2 just a song that went in my head
July 2012, price not set. RT : do you have a release date and price for the temp controlled electric kettle?
I was a mahomies for long time ago ahahaha!
You cant win missing all those free throws down the stretch.
Yes we can lol I'll find new viruses and bacteria to play with and leave the pet alone :D
> Have fun at Lambeau today! I'm on the DL with flu like symptoms today. Think Walgreens will refund my flu shot? LOL. :)
Thanks K! I miss you, too! First year it hasn't iced on my bday since I've lived in KC... calls for an even bigger celebration!
Sonoran Hot dogs!
Thats fantastic, can't wait to have it up
When do summer classes start again?
This here is our 100th tweet! Happy #Friday all.
they have some on netflix like some arthur,dragon tales, cailou and some others haha
Does that apply to dudes? Cuz I like pussy.
Amazing What Happens When You Decide! Romans 12:2. GOD IS!!!
who's the one that always brings it up.....
why is he still awake? Lol...
Have you considered running Series 1 & 2 of Downton Abbey this fall to get more people into it B4 #3? People are interested
I did okay, good for my first one. Came in at 2:08, also felt like I reeeeeaaallly slowed down at mile 10. It got so hot!
I think she's the one it just going to take time.. and he is good and yes I am going to the va
why u not following me hoe?
starting to try out Buzz. Buzzing, Tweeting, Blogging. How social can one introvert be?
Bubba Melrose doing a great John Madden impression looking over that questionable goal.
I Wanna Dance with Somebody #teamfollowback #UNITE!!!
Miguel Sano is the Pedro Serrano of the Beloit Snappers. He just bombed a two-run homer off the left side of the scoreboard. Wow. 10 homers.
It was snowing. Took dog out for a snow walk. It stopped snowing. Got home. It started snowing. I give up. Tuning up the bass guitar.
Research: systematic investigation undertaken to develop generalizeable knowledge. Distinct from: quality control, evaluation.
im bored. somebody talk to me.
UI designers! Seriously are you around? email me if so
We are gearing up for another great week @ LeTip - we're only 5 people away from our goal of 30 members, and the competition is fierce!
"Edwards said, in a way, she wanted her dress to look like the Confederate flag because she lives in the South...."
hahaha I just loled, let's try it!
hey I want to be in your video!!! :)
Lol! Just got out of class, wait for me!
I am!
yeah! Soon we'll be harvesting our crop!
Bielema's timeouts killed them in the end. All the momentum, go to OT and take your chances there.
I swear, everybody I know knows somebody I know :)
This is the craziest thing and I have ever done.
lesson planning, grading papers, instruction, PD, club sponsorship, etc. your job is never over.
In final four action, TOCC against SKC. Playing to go to the championship game. #2012AIHEC GREAT GAME!
Just left Chicago,heading for Toledo,almost done,only 5 hours.
No rest for the weary! Showing Joe & Katie homes all day, walked 5K for #JDRF yesterday am, spent 12 hrs fixing a home for needy owner Fri.
Possible we might see a not-so-bad #PIPA that POTUS would sign? Don't know whether that's a good compromise or not...
A1: As a moderator, easily tag tweets to be used in summary at the end. Save time, etc...
you're welcome! I love to read about your abroad adventures...and your posts really make me want gelato! haha :)
Is rehearsing onstage at The Minskoff Theatre this afternoon for his Broadway debut as Pumbaa tomorrow night in The Lion King
Jake the Juggernaut takes the first! 1 up for the Americans!
This is the house built of sin. This is the house nobody lives. This is the house you get what you get yeah. House of 1,000 corpses.
On killing cancer screaning for women, , 'You have to hand it to the Rs, if you can't win the women vote, we'll just kill them!'
is creeping! Maybe he should follow me! :)))))
Amazing 7 mile run outside today around such a beautiful day!
sorry to hear that! what's next for you? keep me posted! i enjoyed reading...hope to be reading more from you...
Yo when we gettin ya thirsty ass replenished. Lmao.
My left eyeball hurts. It's coming! Sinus infection, no bueno.
how can we adapt all our proven methods for tracking learning, so that we can track online learning?
HAHAHA OH GOD WE'RE CRAZY.
Aww I'm jus now seeing Jasmine V retweeted my tweet :)
: Was Zimmerman driven by recent republican racially charge rhetoric???
Belay, on.
Tabitha Johnson (Columbia University) - library is a place for a FabLab - fabulous laboratory - where students can create things
Its unfortunate but its too late for the other side.
longest train ever!!! 76th gotta be backed up at least to 91st..
The refs on this Bulls-76ers game are a joke. No calls for the Bulls at all. But every damn call for Philly.
who do you like working with the most on set?
listening to the best singer ever, YOU!!!!
But who's counting?
TOAST: Good food, Good meat, Good Lord, LET'S EAT! Happy #Thanksgiving!
Makes a lot of sense to me re: Moss's next team RT : The Bears with Mike Tice running the O.
Guy in line to board (& who do they think they are kidding?!) looks like Sean Astin. Only in the military.
Ah got off work going to watch horrible bosses!
To the teacher who always reminded me that different can be better. Thanks Ms. Cain!
Next 5 followers get a dm to Austin or Dave or Timmy you choose!!
Lunch time!
I read it so my friends don't have to
Everyone come see One Acts this week:)
Not lucky, determined!
Is dudesin the name of a bro band? If not it should be.
Just a quick note-- I'm not on Hellertown, PA. I'm a MS Tech integrator at an independent school in Baltimore, MD. Thanks!
Ugh work
I agree that the sound bite is misleading if not read in full context
Yo momma.... What chu say about ma momma? Umm.. yo momma is a very nice lady..
like your comments on US Navy saving Iranians from pirates!!! NHdebate
Hangin in Jay Leno's hood today! Join me & til 5 @ the PETCO in Burbank @ 3525 W. Victory Blvd. Great adoptable pets & prizes!
Whats up w/all the NBA players trying to look like Steve Urkel??
Another sighting: A car with windows rolled down, blasting "Gettin' jiggy wit it" like it was 1998.
Post Production still continues! The Wailing
this is why we have a grid
Shrink Your Pores - Are large pores a problem for you? Use DNA’s Cryostem Cell Therapy. Just one treatment increases collagen production 71%
Always interesting (if you like SEO): In Google We Trust (Your Identity)
Thanks. Hope are all doing well.
Follow me!!! I need more #TeamBreezy followers:)
oh so you doin it big, hope I'm invited
#MemphisGrizzlies are cutting up!
RT is all about WellCity. We have a fitness room with accessible equip. and I'm tweetin' on an exercise ball at my computer.
will you come to boston please and thank you!!!
- Disney is just another studio, if I miss any place it would be #Valve ...
SOMEDAY by JUSTIN BIEBER
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.'
I bought Bonnie Tyler's car last year on ebay.It's fucking awful, every now and then it falls apart.
Dat bitch be my stuffing like... like we really fuckn
Still trying to finalize casting. Please stay tuned! If you haven't heard from us, does NOT mean you were not cast. Just a lot to do.
lol ..smart kids
you DESPERATELY need an new server!! laist.com times out more than any other web site i use!
Cj needs to text me
I have been such a bum b word today. I need to watch grey's and scandal.
#TwSIG Building a platform for engagement. For curiosity bout what is happening. What do people think about a news item? What are reactions
Congratulations! I'll DM you to get details
Happy birthday Robert Pattinson!
At the Cactus Cafe, getting ready for StoryTime. Who wants to buy me a drink?
Pipeline to Leadership was great! Room was packed, speakers were terrific, reception fare was tasty.
Finals All the best for your exams!! We are open all night for your midnight breaks for caffeine or food cravings!!
Andy Reid has been exposed! Now, go enjoy that wonderful imagery.
A Flannel shirt and batman sweatpants? (Gotta love it when they dress themselves)
I can tell u that mortorcycles drive on the LA Expressway lines in between cars and it's legal craziest thing I've witnessed
What, you wanted a link? Sorry. Not yet. =)
so.... tell me again why the mvp is in a 12 point game with a minute left?
Tila will win
hot show: ray ban sunglasses sale
hey rob how are you hope we hang out in chicago
Chair limits testimony AFTER Darling and WCJC lobbyist/attorney? Nice.
"He who has tact has less to retract." ~ Einstein
Wait, what are you saying? How do I get my documents on Google Drive then?
might want to think about going to third on that play. would he have had him at third?
You cannot make progress without making decisions.
Told boys if they wanted me to do something they had 2 hours. At 2:30 I'm watching
Hobbs native slams it home for Vandy Commodores! Vandy up 62-44 over Harvard.
It is generally expected, by market traders, that the DOW is getting ready to retreat to 9,000 or maybe 8,700. Let's watch and see.
Wait i heard it was a rumor cuz he was at ICON??
You have top love redoing something you've already done to put in your book.
What's everyone doing tonight?
WHATEVER!!!! It was all quality stuff 😏
I'm actually traveling tromboneless on this trip. I did bring mouthpieces.
thank you for all your support
Thank you<3 I love you all so very much<3
It premiers in NY and LA. on Aug 19 and in Kansas on Aug 15. Dvd's avail to buy on the website www.bornandbredmovie.com
Just witnessed a gentleman yell at for chewing gum
Gulick coming up fast
Used to wash birds in oil spills, and myriad other pelagic rehab duties, for , now I'm a naturalist with
"Alright alright..." RT : It's now 14 minutes past 4:20 on 4/20. Pizza delivery guys, I hope you have a full tank of gas.
Thank you for spreading the word!
im free.
“: HAHA Fuck NO!i'm not gonna fight she's not worth me losing everything i have ahead of me.Shit.” you wouldn't be starting shit
#poziam No #HIV is being spread because 1in5 people that are infected are unaware of their infection.
What you Speak you bring to life. What you bring to life you have to live with. You and only You are the Architect of Your Future.
Thanks for the #FF love!!!
I had such a fun day. Super stoked for tomorrow night! dinner with Kat and Marv. Finally get to meet this dude better step it up guy :)
Great job on your new #Aztecs Season Tix Adam! By far...best entertainment value in San Diego. Football = 25 days 2 go.
I'm so tired. I am going to sleep until May 14th! My eyes feel like led. Ugh!
I have one <3
Arrived in Charlotte, NC to make it my new home for a while! Excited to be part of photographic & arts community here. So vibrant!
Here comes the LinkedIn spam...
home, someone come over
Thank you for your support.
New Snowboard jacket in the mail! Now all I need is the snow... better not be lying!
RT Push for blues, jazz showcase on Chicago's Motor Row gains steam. bit.ly/o6b60o
Thanks to everyone who came out to celebrate our 8th Anniversary! Jayden was amazing and we had a blast! Now I need a nap!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! 2
Anyone understand why Mr. K made us do chapter 35 section 4 randomly out of the blue last night?
lol omg yes im like 10 minutes away.
I RTed some recommendations.
A couple more weeks of hitting it hard with and we'll be getting that
Whos the hottttboyyyy at dhs with the loud pack? 
We picked 10 winners for a program voucher, check your feed to see if you were a winner!
Too everyone going to Bassnectar tonight....F you
cathy quietly steps away as the joffrey ballerina is telling them never to act like that...
Bert and Ernie. Still the coolest. And doing it in claymation.
Oh yea so the world ends this year fuck I've still got alot to do no joke
I just felt my sisters baby kick and at first... My thumb jumped from the kick. and the last time... he kicked so hard i felt it on my palm
New MLB rule, hitting for the #Cycle in Denver means u have to hit HR 3B 2B 1B, but all in the SAME inning, otherwise routine
Looking for someone to help with the Zombie Crawl website this year. Email me if you're interested:
oh god the pain please do not remind of that year as a mavs fan.
YAAAY you're the best ever
": McDonagh blocks shot with foot/ankle, remains on ice, limping, yet making huge plays in own zone..#Warrior" I <3 him 4 that!
Just saw some kid basically wearing jncos ....seriously?
The iPad three came out
Did you know that 1 in 5 people find love at Comedy? shows? Find love Saturday November 12, 10:30 at The Box! Price to find love: $6 -A.M.
Laying in bed crying ... I can't handle being sick I'm such a baby
Huge day of college lax (bummed gonna be away from online feed until PM). Best of luck to our ACC brethren #TarHeels and
You got some Schmidt on your face!
New term at #sccol...GAFA - Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon. Good one... from
You can sit right on my middle finger for the night*
Great lunch w ,, and ! So sad to see it close!
Is Rick's wife gonna die yet or what?
Beer makes you do things you wouldn't usually do. Like talk to a hot chick. Or fight a big guy. Or pee out of your butt.
Love it. Bonsai rocked!!
Good to know :)
Thanks for the follow ! Right back at you!
are you down right now? Having trouble reaching your servers.
Teacher: There is no language in which a double positive can form a negative. Student: Yeah, right.
#FlyerMemories When it smelled like piss in our locker room and Bryz says "It Jagr guys, he can't help it, he old man with no control"
We are thrilled to be mentioned ! They are an amazing organization! Much love!
To quote Disney "A whole new world.. I can't go back to where i used to be." :)
so like when gay marriage is legal what are all the gays going to complain about?
Going with to Tampa, FL for the first time!!
I hate frogs.
Baby dinosaur all day!
you got that right! no one in the lobbies usually believes I'm 54! oops did I type that out loud lol
Pats making to many mistakes
you southern boys dont know about this
What time is the class Heidi??
No, you're the best! And you could be my little sibling!
why rainna e
meet meet Ubah...
Cody will probably be late for our wedding too... smh
weed, hash, beats, raps
So how is everyone's night?
My bad...Looks like I have to go to my boss's office and actually watch on FOX! LOL STILL- WHY CAn'T I WATCH ON MLB.TV?
Daria's in your diss? that's awesome. I was also thinking of anti-cheerleader episode of Joan of Arcadia.
You should twitpic some of the ugliest sweaters at the party!
I love it how many time he says I am not supposed to do this
family comes first.
Do not try a red with a Belgium chocolate shake. I now you already knew that but a person must try, don't they?
Thanks dude. Awesome work by and too.
Hope you're right! Friday is suppose to be 60 and sunny for our launch party Wish u could come!
lol don't make me tell vino to checc u
Be who you want to be but be your self
Hella was suppose to see today but that didnt happen. Smh.
the issue is ethos; the OSS guys came from the hippie culture. The FB/Apple crowd doesn't much share those values. It'll swing back.
I love how the #Flyers embrace the tough, let's kick some ass (for real) attitude, of the team, even though some ppl might not like it.
OMG the sushirrito food truck is on my campus right now right outside my building. This is the happiest day of my life.
Because your fake!
From the studios...
Please explain that to my dog“: "You can't repurpose vomit." #rehearsal #props #phantomsgodown #lathtr”
Happy for Sonny :)
thanks for taking the best jumping photo ever in front of the capitol!
never been told by someone that they love my eyes.. random but cool.
Don't miss Rev. Carver McGriff's Veterans' Day program tomorrow and Saturday @ 10:30 a.m. Here's more info #Zionsville: bit.ly/tIzbs8
All three, clearly. RT : OJ, coffee or Bloody Mary?
got the through …going to drive it tonight!
so how are you, any improvements ....feeling better ?
Yeah that is definitely the worst part of the movie. But you must be crazy not to be crazy about the dark knight!
YES JULIAN .
I just signed up! Great Program
not gonna lie, jim beam is holding me over just fine
Hey Melissa :) Ced is an great guy.. Nice to meet ya!
RT : Good morning! I'm still full from last night's dinner
~ has an immediate need for two top notch ISSOs with policy, C&A, patch management, vulnerability analysis, depth of NIST and FISMA knowled…
Thanks for the Sunday love! Have a great week.
Excited for Demo Day.
how are you not showing the arsenal-man utd game? Fail
what do you love most about acting?
NEH offers Leech Lake Tribal College $500K challenge grant for library and archive.
If I die in Humanities, avenge my death.
do you have a booth? Where might I find you??
I disagree half of the UK team is better than the bobcats best player. Its not like fball where NFL teams are way bigger!!
You guys Kirk and Rush have been joking this whole time. Theyre just America"s funniest gay couple thats all.
Josh Smith back to the locker toom for the #Hawks reported sprained left ankle
This waitress sucks! Had to get up 3 times to get her attention, horrible !
Shoot , im Going to School ... il go w. Them Friday(:
in my experience, it's not a huge deal. Most sites are now being designed without flash to improve the tablet/mobile experience
San Marcos We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
Look- I know I take my waiter's uniform too seriously. There's days when it's really all I got.
blah to u too
Abe, we need you.
maybe the best match I've ever seen, given the stakes for both sides!
I can't wait to see you on
Neighbor just got tasered and arrested... i knew i loved this neighborhood :)
I like Spencer Hawes, but no way he's a Husky legend.
what's up off this weekend?
Bat Cat! Haha
Busted by the over-shoes...
If you find meh one, i'll find yhu one!
I hate when the SAME peoples phones are always dead. #chargeyourshit It's fucking annoying!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : I will be tweeting from TedxBroadway tomorrow (Monday) 12-5pm. Follow me or
Yay! We're so excited for you. Glad we could help
I need someone to talk to
I seriously love that film. Might be one of my favorite film versions of a Chandler novel.
children - the joy of our life....
If you were with me things would be different, I promis you that
Study Monday... #senioritis so close!
who was in your scene in PLL?!?! Did you meet any of the girls?
my hugs turn her day around. She's said it herself. That's good enough for me
John Stamos wins the George Clooney Memorial Better With Age Award. (His ad is immediately followed by Donald Trump's, who does not.)
I know<333:D
nice onee... can u give me a tweet sis?im from philippines.i long a twit from one of #TVD cast.:(
hahaha you're so clever!
It is so veyr boring. And bipolar weather. haha ther is this joke about my town, saying that it is the only place you (c)
You had a several questions. Mohawk was a no . The rest of the one word questions like rotary I couldn't answer.
Did Google remove the 'advanced search' link under the search form?
FSU Rugby going in today at Battlefield Park in Mobile, Bama for the SIRC Semi-Finals and a chance at winning it all!!
haha probably so 😝 all the seniors want me to come party with them one last time
Levels is playing in Mickey d's
. is looking for 15 amatuer musicians for the January 7 Choose concert - email by Dec 21 for details
- we could work something out - and you'd get to see Cali!
Wow, just wow.
Trying to capture the story & history of 's Daily Challenge is my feat today. We've come a long way since April 2010!
OK, so Twitter will not let me sign out. Each time I do it just reopens. (hearing google+ theme song calling me at this rate)
jason. what will it take for you to follow me?
On my morning run I beat my virtual partner by over a minute - first time in a long time
It's on tonight at BigTim's. TMC's 1ST Fight Night, UFC ppv. It's gonna be an irie event!!!
The world is full with monsters with friendly faces
i feel sorry for all of you who aren't listening to flight of the conchords right now.
Looking for a street legal mini chopper.. If u have one message me!
Going to see tonight. "I only give in when I get the need... I'm only coming around 'cause I get to leave."
#FF some of our awesome partners!
I will and oh deff (:
"So a Kindle and a Nook walk into a Bookstore and the Kindle says..."
what about Lily Tomlin as his ma?
I need some blistex
the #BBN already loves you. #9 let's go
I'm hoping that will have me on #TheAgenda so we can have a no holds barred interview about #cd3 and beyond.
thats awesomee!!!! :) I hope you are loving Miami <3 you will do great there! :)
What's a duvet?
Last chapter , then time to get started on Norlanders h.w.
yes, I don't know where they found that guy, but he really is an idiot
Hi. Could you get back to me on the status of this project?
Thanks & drool! It does look like just a taste. In NOLA next month & all ready for Casamento's.
"Screwed is always better than glued." -Thomas Willeford
Doug Garland quotes star wars in his talk &quot;you will pay the price for your lack of vision&quot;
You sound like me. Don't want to be inside. Want to be outside running, biking, hiking...not gambling & blah!
Hack Library School Disneyland party?! Hell yes.
I don't remember when I started following you. Am I amogst those 39? :S
Sometimes things have to happen in order for things to get better; even if it hurts at first... happiness is in the end!!
No Strings attached like a cordless phone #ColeWorld Lol
that's excellent! Thanks for sharing.
And a happy Saturday to you too, Vino! Are you enjoying your weather?
shut up.
We've got great late night specials Thurs, Fri and Sat after 10 pm, every week. If you're a Nite Owl, flock to VIA.
RT - Miami Dolphins kicked of the Touchdown Club yesterday with guest Chad Henne. Tickets are available each Tuesda...
DC does sound like a lot of fun, but is there room for growth in PR or is it all politics?
About to watch my friend at the woods in portland. Where are you? :)
One call, that's all - yeah Aaron Rodgers!
Woah! 83 Followers!!((: y'all are the best!! Let's make it to 100 before January!!((: #loveourfollowers ~~~~Sammi((:
hilarious!!! Well Rev3 Knoxville is an opportunity for you to be famous.
Vaginas and Santino are trending right now. I can only believe it has to do with the same person.
I was just called "old school" for mostly tweeting from a computer.
He's a former TV anchor who is unemployed and my be hoping the pub will restart his career.
"We can teach interrogation of positions"
Lookin like a phatbooty Celine Dion, sex is on fire, I'ma king of Leon - a - Lewis.... Beyond the truest
#NowPlaying Pumped Up Kicks- Foster The People haha
I know that game
Lmao just noticed one of my old followers blocked me, oh. *sips caprisun*
While Americans and others rejoice the death of bin Laden, no reports yet around the world of mourning Osama. G'd night.
My favorite song to play live as of right now is a song called "Borderline Romance" but we don't have it on our facebook
Hey how you doing Mr. Howard?
birthday suit attire tonight!
I need u to keep me up on the latest! :) are u on instagram?
which device are you using?
Class of 2012, how excited are you for Senior Week?
So it turns out that Sarah Palin's summer bus tour was... just a summer bus tour.
Trayvon: The ONLY task for today is to step back, foster an environment where the investigation will uncover whole truth, whatever that is.
oh, did you hear....H&M is finally coming to Denver! Finally!
Happy Friday, everyone! Join us for dinner this weekend & check out some of the hot new menu items!
Let's travel there together after we get our apartment
Stop by today and cool off with our special strawberries and cream frappe! Show this tweet to your barista and get a dollar off!
Omw to applebees bout to smash
Straight girls in Brooklyn love Robyn even more than homosexuals do. Noted.
Superbowl couldn't miss Valentines! Usher was awesome!
Come see me at the Downtown Comedy Club, 9 p.m. It's gonna be a great show!
and we wonder why it's so hard to shop for pants online!!
You know you like it, do you want some of this? Call me later
U must be old when u see Bo Derek at the wiz game and ur younger coworkers have no idea who she is.
Kronos would be great to see perform Black Angels! We are premiering Crumb's new piece "American Songbook VII" this weekend
Hi Bill, As soon as we have a firm timeframe, we will post. It's been a long journey, but we hope to make it worth the wait.
RT : I love Billy Abbott
Does anyone know where I can find some moving boxes?
"They're not just big spenders. They're dumb spenders."
Have you attended our bi-weekly user groups? What suggestions do you have for items you'd like to see? tweet @ us & let us know your ideas!
Good Morning. Everything is going well in our country. OK,... well truthfully,.....
Have to be at work early today. P90X2 Yoga will have to wait until after work.
Just found a of bag of Dorothy Allison's trail mix in the van, looking to donate it to the Lesbian Herstory Archives.
oh, right! That's awesome.
Everyone needs goals to know what they want to achieve.
You know this is a lie right? "he said if we let him borrow $787 billion he would hold unemployment below eight percent"
finally, right?! Now if they an just get #wifi on all of them.
Time for Roller Derby action!
Ya so
"If you're white & rebelling against your parents, date me!" ROTFL!
shots out 2 u. U da best!!!!
Preparing corporate responsibility and #corpgov materials for my law students. So many great case studies to choose from in the news!
I think you would be an outstanding basketball announcer. A team of you and Kevin Calabro would be epic!
Got up way too early. 9 hours to naptown
Deeply Saddened to hear of Junior Seau's passing. RIP #55 Hope you found the peace you were looking for
thanks for follow - making the trip from Chicago on May 19th?
I love
I want one
if we get tickets there is no money lost
I swear tutus are extinct...
And I ain't to proud tah tell you that I cry sometimes cry sometimes about it
Waiting for Ethan to quit working I practically revamped visiting teaching.
just seen your commercial! You are very inspirational! Everything about you! You're gorgeous! You care! You enjoy life! 😊
Rafa don't be mistaking me for you.
#justlanded I need you right now. are you down to come chill with me? No other city that I'd rather be!<3
what the heck ya mean lol
Sounds like you need a bandaid that uses some type of conductive fabric like X-Static or something.
I WANT TO GO TO PUBLIC SCHOOL SO FREAKING BAD... I CNT TAKE THIS ANYMORE
Can't get enough of full-metal alchemist. It's just such a good story.
I am quite impressed and amazed at how good natured almost everyone on this train has been in spite of a nearly 2 hour delay on a Friday.
i don't really like electrolytes.. just saying.
AH OMG I LOVE IT :)
but you're all dead and stuff.
spent 24+ hours awake. Getting too old for this. Maybe "getting" is the wrong word.
We use it too! It helps with information on unknown people mentioned in our collections, and with creators!
Pacers are legit. Have been all season.
If u lack hope today,try Jesus. He is the hope that doesn't run out. God bless.
So on those beats, you cant what ever you want them. O thino Free City Beat need a hook. I Can do it, but if wanna you can.
Anyone else think Asian Hot Wings are inappropriate for Christmas Dinner? Ok, maybe, but I like em!
Ladies & gentlemen, pimps & players, halfass rappers & true rhyme sayers, this is the Carter; so hold on to ya teenage daughter.
12:15 start FreeStyle Flying Disc Demonstration
Why are they booing Blake griffin after being injured, that's fucked up
Could These Poems Be Written by Your Child&#39;s Teacher? » Gatfol Blog
Just got to work :)
whoever wins...we loose!
Why are you on my mind 24/7?
love the examples used here. Great tools
Thrilled about 's new avatar. congrats Noah!! #LifeisGood!
it's been much too long :P what's up hun?
can I come with you? :)
How many gun safe articles are found on google.
Back for NW Sports Tonight on from 6 to 9 p.m. We'll talk Ducks, Nike Hoop Summit, The Masters and other surprises!
one of these days your gonna get raped..lets hope im not sleeping over when the come banging down your door.
oh I see...idk all your lingo all the time
Love would never be a promise of a rose garden unless it is showered with light of faith, water of sincerity and air of passion.
It has been. Already hoping to make it an annual event for myself.
#ThoughtsOnMyMind I' am so hungry
Radiation City for Mayor!
Thanks. Been awhile since I was a teenager.
I kind of think Judy B's "heterosexual matrix" or Walter B's "Angel of History" would be pretty tough too...
If only you cared..
Should I work over today?
#Gadhafi Sons Free in #Libya Something is wrong. Why blow the city up and let the object of the war free?
Hola, listeners! Thanks for listening to The Neighborhood with me and ! We're SO gonna be BFFs! xx
How about beach #Kronum. We'd have to play on the hard sand of course, but hey we're Kronum. We can make it work.
Hey justin i know u wont see this but im still saying #NSN i have supported u since day1,it would be a dream if u followed me.
": I have a feeling that you're going to bless me tremendously this weekend at "
Bout to hoop!
I've given you love for National Lampoon's Vacation and Animal House. Meh to the last one. Try Fletch next...
can't wait to hear y'all and im anxious..but I'm tired and got to be up at 5:30am..:/
THAT SOUNDS SINFULLY AMAZING. SHARE NOW.
If you are willing and obedient, you will eat the good things of the land. (Isaiah 1:19 HCSB)
- love the preview!
Got poke? Looking forward to 1st Annual Sam Choy's Keauhou Poke Contest 3/18
I'll get ready and be there in about an hour.
RT : We couldn't agree with you more...RT Myth: less art in education makes you more educated
Let's hope so but they might try to trade him, anyway. Bad history, there.
Sorry, my friend has the same name as you on instagram and I have my pictures sent to my twitter.
Don't be content with average because average is just as close to the bottom as it is to the top!
>Serious biz. How can I reach your camp on a promo/collab idea? Denmark TV interview u did in season, I coordinated. DM me
Next 50 people that follow get shoutouts! Hurry, I'm checking!
just got back from doing the same. It was kind of wonderful :)
Richard Avedon show at MFA in Boston was the perfect anecdote to black friday madness...the courtyard is a gorgeous space
We don't have a job - we have a platform to make change! Love it! Ppl who will win in new economy bring passion to lead, make difference.
Happy Birthday Steve Ankney!!! #25 is the new
I think your sexier the socks on a rooster .<3
#Mobile #media followers in North #Texas, #text TEXASHARLEY to 90210 for #specials & #promotions from Texas Harley in Bedford. Roll on!
you are my american idol...
Love you kiddo! Thanks for the RT.
Lunch at followed by a Buckman Botanical Brewery Ginger beer at #SensingAPattern #Dragons!
Will do! If you can email me at so I have your contact info, that would be perfect.
maintain urgency and desperation for more than one game. They'll have it Monday.
Hey all worldviews aside, atleast now that TT is playing for our NYJ, we can root for that vessel for the holy ghost together!!
Especially dog lovers!
I'm so proud of what my company is doing... opening up to EVERYONE! http:/www.ttn.me/kimberlyeslinger
I don't know what you do but you do it well I'm under your spell #np Mercy - Duffy
You bullshittin?! This is news to me! WTF #BET???
the dreamer set. i got like such a lame name compared to everyone idek LOL
idk who the kid was
WOOHOO only 3 more periods for me(:
Yeh, I will. c:
Thee awkward moment when a ladies wig falls off..
Does anyone else dread going to Wal-Mart?
R.I.P. Dick Clark. Forever young! Now the only time you might see the "dancing aisle" from American Bandstand is at weddings.
Good morning :)
nothing but the best!:)
Just finished formatting my book for the CreateSpace paperback edition!!!!
i don't know...i was just trying to imagine something i would have done if i was hood. I never got to eat that stuff :(
Hey, Olympic team, you won't actually make it if you continue to give up goals off corners to Canada.
#pittsburghneedsdaretodreamsigning Oh how I love this<3
Everybody follow <-- let's get her to 130 followers!! She follow back , just ask her!(;
keep calm and party on 🎉✌
I went downstairs by reg desk cuz wasn't sure where "outside" meant.
thanks, appreciate it
RT 3% of the ppl influence 90% of the audience. Online conversations have changed the 80/20 rule.
my 9 year old said "i want June's job", good, something to strive for.
Remember when everyone said the Heat have no bench? That changed when Haslem started playing.
whats your favorite crazy outfit of yours???
Hey, thanks! It's been interesting to explore the whole badge system during TCC.
I like that.
The min you start feeling stupid or down on your self remember. There's always a stripper who's battling daddy issues and selling her sex.
Spirit Airlines is dispiriting, a wretched, mean, and entrapping airline with too few planes/routes for rescuing delayed/canceled flights.
It is:) RT : Whiskey dicks would be fun
The vegan food last night at Woodend Mansion was impressive and delicious!
You know it's serious when you see people standing on their BMW roofs.
Sunny day out and I have work till 5 #thissucks :(
Class this morning, work all day/night, homework, then the sweet sweet surrender of sleep.
thanks! only time will tell! ;)
thank you / check my dates on www.shaimaestro.com maybe next year ?
Thx for the feedback. Would like to hear more. Open to share details on improvement? Email: . cc
oh yea? Lol I would like to see you try
what is the niche? What exactly do you need help with?
we need to get used to saying int'l instead of EMEA - you're right - SORRY!!!
Chris is always there for me ..it may take hime 30 days...but he will get it/there lmfao!
Literature will lose, sunlight will win, dont worry- franz wright
ok. servers are about $100 a year with a domain free for a year. you ok w/ that?
Comment from "Beautiful music , very entertaining, great vibe, keep up the good work!".
What I see can't be right? : - did you see this?! : So I finally gave into Pinterest...
good hanging with you! wish you and the missus safe travels home.
The part when I tripped over his vans!!:D
Okay... I lied...lol RT Not worried about #Lakers being competitive against the #Thunder. They'll fix the mistakes.
So will we have access to this Bryce Harper game? I'd like to watch some good baseball today.
I love hearin my pops crack up to the bob and tom show! :)
Exam in 5 hours. Shall I study more or sleep?
Recent garage sale plunder: THE KNOWN WORLD (25¢), LET THE GREAT WORLD SPIN (25¢), THE WRITER'S CRAFT (50¢). A dollar well spent!
- luv their raw pizza. Delish food.
1 more minute doe
Successful day
what will happen to traditional retail? Research and Markets: Global Beer Trends 2011 - Historical and Forecast Beer Consumption Trends,
Did the USA just take the Back to the Future car to the 50's cause socially and politically,it sure feels like it.
So does that mean that your the boss now..lo
you lewd crude rude bag of pre-chewed food dude.
Sounds like a debriefing I'd love to be a fly on the wall for! I can only imagine some of the things you two hear? ;)
It will all be worth it when May 5th gets here! Hang in there and LiveCameron...well...calorie free in your mind that is!
So sleepy I hate Friday morning classes!!!! Ugh
seven weeks?! I only have three 0_o
As a Yankee fan the injury of Mariano Rivera is terrible. I hope he has a speedy recovery and if he hopes to return to play he can do so
Jaw drops. What a sad little man he must have been. Well, you certainly showed him.
2 of felony counts: guilty for Amy Senser. Guilty of the misdemeanor count.
How about a hot & flavourful soup for lunch today? Have our creamy Mushroom Brie Bisque with garlic mini-loaf for $6.75
hey in my messages I send u somethinks and can u erace them and i will send u a new message plz?
lmao so true!
Salty aF i didnt even get to play D3 last night O___o
He doesn't get it, pal. Like Oklahoma, Carrie's OK. Nothing more. So lay off, That's all part of the plan.
Stuck in traffic on corner of Paradise and Tony Bennet Way.
one more fucking love song, ill be sick
please follow I wud be gr8tful if u follow me. I downloaded all ur songs n watch all ur videos please follow s.w.a.g
Faith is taking the 1st step even when you don't see the whole staicase. MLK
I need to tame them asap!
See you again sometime, Inverness...
yeah she's my kind of crazy...
Bingo. ESPN has bowling on.
The book 150 greatest paintings is great, about a page per painting in discription and a little about artist, wonderful~
Still in a food coma from my B-Day dinner from last night. Guess I can't handle fancy dinners. Ha!
nice pic! Glad you made it home ok through the super smooth hour and a half drive. Driving Ms Daisy lol
I have finally joined the world of birds...
Kings Island is on the Ghost Hunters show! Apparently theres a ghost of a little girl in a blue dress there...
you lucky duck!
Hope that fro-yo lasts us 40+ days... This is going to be tough!
FUN with #PUNS!: “I’ve been waiting to see the doctor,” said Elise patiently...
I've just unlocked the "making coffee" badge on
Reading Security Engr 2nd ed by Anderson, Good Book
First day of my new life spent on an airplane.
Just dreamed that I met #VanHansis , #LukeSnyder from #ATWT. He was so awsome and cool in the dream. Gave me his personal cell # too
We wish every Mom a Happy Mothers Day. 1720 Juan Tabo NE Suite E 505-268-SOAP(7627)
do it every morning 💜
All four players are seniors. Rodgers is technically the No. 1 seed ahead of Boomgarden.
Favorite new album I've listened to this week: Alex Clare. It's so good! cc:
#IfWomenDidNotExist then who the hell would make men sandwiches?
My parents are getting divorced less than a month before their 20th anniversary.. Wow.
even though I have probably never talked to she seems like the sweetest girl you will probably ever meet! So stop hating!
who am I? You'll never guess....
That SUCKS. I feel bad for you because thats happened to me before. Where in the city were you? Im south of it, and no hail here.
me too.
Thanks Dalton and THANKS for retweeting!!
#808Pride i love u is only good when a boy says it first with out BEING ASKED
Discovered your fabulous shop in Concord. Love every detail--staff, design, crafts, and of course the books. Bravo!
My mom canceled my America's Next Top Model recording. This is the worst thing that's ever happened to me.
change your picture eggs are sketchy hahaha
What u want and what u need are 2 different things
And slowly erode their marketshare / mindshare. Mobile is a huge part of the future of computing.
I can do whatever I want, now why don't you grow up a little and stay out of my business
Why was Joe fired but others put on leave? Erickson says because Curley and Schultz haven't had day in court.
We've been on summer vacation, but a few things are in the works for fall/winter: including the next Astrobrite reissue, & some surprises!
I'm so done.
I love that tweet!:Dplease follow me?<3
#Trivia warm up! Testing ur #WhiteSox knowledge: What do Charles Robertson, Mark Buehrle and Philip Humber have in common? Trivia @ 8pm.
You can ask her yourself shes online
ITS EMBARASSING, OUR FACES..OMG
#sacscoc Metacognitive strategies help students evaluate their level of understanding.
Thanks much! Can't entirely tell which bison will be protected and which eaten?
Perfect beach day.
#youknowyouwinning when your name reaches the ears of people across the nation…….
u already know, soon as its done. i got u.
Thanks AP magazine for givin me the option between p!atd or this really gay picture of kellin i'll choose neither
Late night run. Be back later!
The One Where Eddie Moves In.
New Snug-Itz are shipping now!
Gotta love the double sausage race. Chorizo wins!
we need to fix Ang's twitter background :D I love the new pix btw! Must see them al
