Or, nothing wrong with sinking your teeth into some juicy vampiro! ;)
I want for the future of my country to be open to the world- Mrs. Jehan Sadat
hi billy, saw your tweet - check us out! we only work with higher ed. our mobile site works well on Android for time/task entry
needs to come to Memphis or Little Rock sometime!! Everyone would be too excited
Meet Maestro at ASTD International. See mobile magic in person at booth 1714.
why do I feel like that's going to be me in 25 years?
I love This Holiday (: ! My Favorite Two Words to Say is Mindless Behavior and PRODIGY ! (: Ah ! They make me go So Stupid Mindless .
Good Morning Gulu!
He wasn't a bartender; he was a mixologist. How it was that I couldn't see the difference was baffling to him. As he explained, there's a
portfolio reviews. 6 cities in 10 days.
Sleep or get ready for this test.....
What's wrong, sissy?
why not both? 1 class tourney over Christmas break, 4 class at end of season.
I like all of the high scores for this week. Everyone has a little confidence in Jack. I hope he can pull it off.
At the start of the 3rd novel in the PIcador book, Some Hope, St. Aubyn seems to have lost some of his prose-mojo (prose-jo? promojo?).
Ew she LLN-ed haha “: haha im sorry, harry told me not to tell anyone! LLN get on oovoo or txt me when you can boo”
$25 for a Family Four Pack at Incredible Pizza includes 4 buffets, 4 beverages & 4 game cards www.mydailydeals.com
I wish you could post the recipe looks yummy!!
is following me. Brb...
Rather than save a few under-privileged teaching faculty, would rather promote universal sustainable open access
Do you run faster? Feet feel better? Feel more natural?
good i guess orthodontist in a little.... how your day??
I'm my own problem. I think... ugh.
In love with the wolf was not a predator ...
LOL I'm watching SNL right now (:
I am addicted to NBA Jam for iPad
Agreed. But maybe they are just messing with you because it's a stupid question to ask a real creative.
time to fire up.
RT i think im getting better with my iPhone
New Ladies Tank Tops Available @ www.SnoClothing.com
the internet has everything...
Has anyone upgraded to Lightroom 4 via the App Store? Did it go well?
lmaooooo then u have to decide whether to fish it out right away, or wait a few seconds????
Tonight's Empirical meeting agenda: euchre, pizza, and some beer from (Moloko) and (Mokah)
yeah thousands of people!
You can get hepatitis by walking barefoot on a beach.
My sister () gets the world...
WORK IN THE FIELD OF ENTERTAINMENT and IMAGE BUILDING no cost 2u motivated people 5 to 10,000 monthly
y'all are going this weekend? If you feel like getting a little deeper into LA, we'll be hanging out in the French Quarter.
Next week is the Texas Prize Members' Preview! We love our sponsors: & Word of Mouth Catering!
I am in need of someone to do a concept drawing of a spaceship. Where does one get such a thing?
HAIL SOUTHERN!
just sent in abundance :)
To be overcome by the fragrance of flowers is a delectable form of defeat. ~Beverly Nichols
We are open until 8 every night this week! Dont let the snow keep you away!
Ha ha. No, I wouldn't think swimming with sharks would be boring.
my highlights said they were golden, they made me really blonde Not golden #wtf ?
I give up trying to figure people out. Why are so many so fucking cra cra!?
BRO ! My mom and dad said yes ! :D
Geeze!! I had an awesome day!! Thanks son for the steak dinner.. You REALLY showed me how it's done!! LOL!!
I have no comments about gay marriage except keep it from me and do it away from me. That's your business but don't make it mine.
jason we love you so much!! Get on more often if you have time! Please follow me, your my biggest inspiration in dance!
: 9 Deadly Start-Up Sins from The Start-Up Owner's Manual://t.co/YQ4omBor
You're welcome!
Still working through the Outlander series #fridayreads Currently a quarter of the way through Breath of Snow and Ashes
Did you make it home okay, or have you been buried alive by bargain cookware?
There is no picture, open your eyes. -_-
When driving use a turn signal I ain't God & u ain't Jesus Christ. So I dont what u going 2 do
I know lol
quality final posession there Dwayne. or Duane.
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with a time of 22:23 with Nike+ GPS.
There's a want there's a need .. There's a history between
What do you like most about #car2go #SanDiego? When do you use it? What would you like to see changed? Let us know- we want to hear from YOU
haha...if it makes you feel good...! youre weird
haha I ate the chicken but wasnt really up for the 90% excess wrap portion of the meal
“: Feeling grateful I live in a city where I can attend a great event like #PDXDMC > That's what we hoped for!
Happy Sunday Morning! Go pamper a Mom today!
Today will be a good day.... Besides this gloomy rainy day.
Seriously, good for you. I just have one out so far, slow going, I know there's an audience, I'm still looking for it
Countdown to lunch 3...2...1. who's ready ? We got Smoked Prime Rib all Day !!
Like Marvin Gaye said... Today is the day to get your Sonic on! Sonic #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd @ Rolling Rd. -Exit 18 off 695
Too many celeb spottings to tweet but will say Reece Witherspoon looked amazing an was tres sweet
Sometimes the #answer is so simple you overlook the #obvious. SeanLetwat
I think with genre blending the definitions will get more and more loosie-goosie.
I hope the creepy guy doesn't come out
Booing repeal of DADT
In Wausau going to a wedding reception. Go badgers.
Happy new year!!
Totally agree. I happen to think its a little more special here in PDX, but I could be described as biased. :)
TONIGHT in Fulton 230 at 5PM Evelyn Murphy will be speaking on "Negotiating the Workplace and the Economy"...Come check it out!!!
only if you got that slip & tight ..
send us your music as well
Thanks Jim!
let's figure out a day/time that works. you can come see the collection,get a tour and you can browse all you want!
Mill goin ham on
New faces/avatars always welcome in #meded chat. Be here and be yourself.
Last #Computer Repair in #Pittsburgh, Toshiba Satellite L305 DC Jack Replacement
U2 Live Crew
Just arrived to listen to Texas Renegade play. Yeehaw!
Is an inactivist a thing? Because I think I am that.
hey i just met you...
Writing a new song
Hearing . . . Right now!
hi! They have me trying to do a story on your sister today---do you know if she's around?
Advance greetings to everyone. Happy New Year planet Earth! =)
Hahahahaha love ya Jess :)
My cousin left her boys with me this morning & I was knocked out the whole time. My bad! Lol
Follow backk? :D
I am interviewing comic actor Pauly Shore this week. What should I ask him?
I need to meet a NYC chick... And a ATL chick & a 504 chick.
I've never see the untalented leave on their own. More times they're talent is one of manipulation and credit stealing.
Does anyone remember those Crazy Eddie #commercials from back in the day? They were great. Hard for companies like that to #compete anymore.
How to Improve Your Marketing Conversion Using HubSpot
x-ray. I've been waiting ever since I was a kid and disappointed by the ones I ordered from a comic book.
I see myself as a girl but people see me as a TOMBOY
Just got my new camera! Can't wait to try it out :-)
sweet hashtag bro
Liquid cookies with lmao. Tea or coffee?
Yes and so appreciated Leslie! RT : Hi Wayne, VERTICAL has promoted #TheChihulyCollection 4 ages.
lol My mans lost all his cool points for that movie.
b the guy who gets twice as much done in 45 minutes than the guy who "works" for 1.5 hrs. in the gym.
When I said trade I think I meant out of the first round.
A5: "You're not doing it right"?
thanks for the RT Pam!
Just a few followers from 1500!
haha Me to we did it at some random gas station haha
2 tests on friday = not doin a darn thing on Sunday.
Ok, this #SF thunder and lightning is cray cray. My margarita is scared!
it's my only threat
Nah, it's not its fault !
I thought that place was an urban legend.
Hacked by this fool
Thank you for the RT CADL!
5 minutes late usually means 15 minutes late
RIP #Don Cornelius. Soul Train was a great show.
So your purpose is what you say it is. Your mission is the mission you give yourself. Your life will be what you create it, as and no one w…
He's a golfer
Made it to Phoenix Arizona!! Bout to sip on a cpl of Coronas! Rockin out Roberta Flack next cpl of days....lets go!
channeling my inner "Little Engine that Could" today
My heart is breaking watching kids in my community mourn a friend. Please pray for students at Sandburg and family/friends of Ryan
Recently introduced my best friend to your music and she loves it! & she's not even into bands, that says a lot! =)
today brunch special sweet potato bisquits topped with sausage gravy served with 2 eggs any style.
I'm so excited about this fight card! When are tickets going to be on sale?
If I were running a bank robbery, my go-to phrase would be: "Okay, this will only take a second..."
Who in da hell told to change Avi. My TL fucked up now!!! Change it back damit!
yes! Email us at jacqueline
Oh, I get it! I was mistaking the barbed wire for Auschwitz and confused by cacti. It's an immigration joke. Duh
Damnit every perfect fall day that goes by I'm wishing we were doing this!!
This is my last resoooooorttttt!
How interested are others in with 's point about impatience, and the benefits of sharing and discussing ideas sooner?
Last year at this time, the Brewers were 16-21, just like now. They also went on to win 13 of their next 16.
“: Now that your guy is Indie, I may have to vote for him. : )”
same here!
#moviechatters lets make this the hottest new trend on twitter just tell the world about your favorite
Have you called to book your fun party cruise! Have questions call us 305-816-2008 Discount Code: GloStar~
I need a smart girl with a dumb bootay!
thank you all for following, it is very much appreciated!!
Love that score and the movie. Both are in my top 10 of last year.
Waking to my wife philosophizing.
Love this!!!!! And I can't wait to see your "I <3 the Oxford comma" t-shirt.
Eek. Not doing so good at Script Frenzy. At 50 pages now, so I have to write at least 11 pages a day for the rest of the month.
She left the room I didn't turn off MLP. Is that bad?
someone else doesn't have a life either
and we all reAdy beat them week 6! No your facts!!!
sounds fun.. and it pays the heel bill!
Ventriloquists are among the highest-paid entertainers in the country.
Does anybody have a ZipCar card I can borrow? Mine doesn't arrive in the mail until next week -_-.
nice! Have you considered working up a journal article on your project? A real derth of studies on community reads...
Anyone else think the jelena statue is a bit too far?....
don't expect respect if you don't respect your self
"Be your own best friend and don't forget to wink at yourself ever now and then." -Diane von Furstenberg
Panel highlights via : & and the value of cookies, pirate's gold & going beyond mayors and badges.
Awesome!! Looks great too!!
Post-menopause cancer risk linked to seaweed: study - ABS CBN News
At Al Forno Ferruzza on Alberta for fundraiser for dental student mission to Mexico. Pizza, yum!
you got the idea!
hey hey! sorry to cut you off during the Scarface screening! Wish we could've connected afterwards.
where and why?! And when?!
Good Morning :-)
Who's that guy?? #lukewho?
oh so gross. I thought my biggest problem was just picking oh the stray hairs.
Glad to hear you enjoyed! Thanks for ordering RT “: excellent service from tonite!!”
Sweetie, next time you should sign out of your Twitter in the Bears Den..This time I'll do it for you #youarewelcome -A kind stranger
Storms keeping you in? You can still have dinner for two: “: Supposed to storm tonight til late. Get your orders in now!”
ooh, outside! Sometimes I forget that exists! Also, cute hat! :)
Come in and celebrate Fat Tuesday at the brewpub! We will let the good times roll with good food and great beers!
For every min they delay this Medicare-SS trustee press conf, another dozen baby boomers turns 65
Thank you! One good thing is that I'm getting rid of a lot of stuff. I love getting rid of stuff :)
"Aesthetics happen." -Porter Arneill
Check out Pres. Obama live now on #CSPAN at the Correspondents Dinner
And the #DCIrene fun has begun! Rain wind rain and only 24 or so more hours to go! Yeah.
that's cool I go there now. Why'd you move
Of course I want one!!!
Why am I having for my Easter meal you might ask? Well... It's Wendy's.
omfg this customer just kept talking about diarrhea wtf
yes! His actions come from a long line of racist figurings of black boys as inherently violent & criminal.
Excellence uh yeah right ever tried supporting yourself it can be a bitch but it just something we have to do
you were AWESOME last night, thanks for the encouragement & words of wisdom on music placement in the wild world of trailers!!
Havin fun in Memphis with Got some BBQ and the blues baby!!
Playing chess with my little bro
NIALL HORAN I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
Full of emotions this week...cousin Joe Garcia, you will be missed by so many. You are free!!!
if dreaming is free why does it cost so much to reach
About to start another 7 day stretcher...ayayay
thanks Molly! Looking forward to tweeting up a storm with you!
NY reporting: Gov. Cuomo "reforming" schs by cutting budget (2% cap), bashing teachers, hi-stakes tests req. for $ - A Dem!?
What do you want to learn? Brushing up on some Java basics wouldn't hurt and you can do anything with that.
- It's a great feeling to find ones u admire on Twitter. Took some searching but I was so glad to find both of you:)
Nothing like a horse that is named about drinking to win the derby in front of so many Kentucky drunks
The season of rain is coming, do u need a roof repair, or a new roof. 305-232-3344
praying for you today and that it doesn't rain. Congrats!
I'm sitting here clueless.
chris you're welcome here if you have to evac
Everyday i wanna pick up the phone and tell you that your everything, i need and more.
You may also like Facts Machine.
oh hush quentin u can't tell me that it doesn't look good? Lol
this is so good!! cant wait to see what happens next!
On the coach bus! Sitting next to fangirlinggg;) six flags here we come
You gotta do more vids man! Some of your info is old.
What’s YOUR favorite Sinatra lyric?
cant wait till saturday
Quote on my green tea teabag: "If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it." - Margaret Fuller
Since I like both, I'll help with the watching. :D
aww can you give me a ticket to LA?? ;) #GermanMahomie ..i LOVE #SaySomething so much..
Omg!!!!:) i think im in love with oreo cookies!!!:):)lol
good luck! We'll be at SXSW. If you're there, let us know. We're meeting with a lot of filmmakers to discuss Fanlaunch.
We're back from lunch at #nfais, Bill Zobrist from Pearson is talking about e-textbooks.
don't worry you still got it :)
Ooh wee its pouring down out there
wow. That pic brings back memories. It may be hard to imagine, but what you've got there is magic. Enjoy.
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live
Endeavor to live so that when you die, even the undertaker will be sorry.
Checking out what the Loveless Cafe and the Music City has to offer.
sup check out my new group which came from zimbabwe africa and have got a chance to record a single in Los Angeles out in.jan
lol yea im good baby
"Vygotskian principle of double-stimulation." 1. Who names these things? 2. Am I really expected not to snicker?
#Imagine Austin: i'll call you tomorrow You: ok. (12:01am) *phone rings* You: hello ? Austin: hey, its tomorrow ♥
happy Wednesday to you too!
Taking the ACTs today. It's too early. :/
Ah, heck! I gotta get my butt over there!
Prometheus trailer looks awesome
I think it's the extra interaction with Ygritte they've added. There's a corresponding increase in his youknownothing-ness
Yeah, we are upset, cause a mother lost her fucking child and we're humans and actually care. Unlike you, bitch.
I feel so fat I just ate a WHOLE jar of salsa............by myself
Not sure, best bet is probably to call
I over-think things.
Back in the classroom as an Ed Tech today...SMC game at 4...then I'd like to see everyone I know at $3 Dewey's. Thank God for this life!
Idk lo l
Wave your hands in the air like you just don't care, it's #FF!
Sipping on Kompot.
yea that's true after that pick he hasn't really been the same
RT : "Find freedom in the dark. There's freedom in the dark."
Do you think big? Change the game in a market. Create a whole new market. Transform an industry. Life's too short to solve small problems.
Fortune Cookies are so random.
duude! Me too! But I tried and you have to pay a service fee in order to get it! Gheey!
I'm on a plane!
the racquetball guy you mentioned was privileged, racquetball was a big deal then and still is...:-)
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow - Swedish Proverb
"Play to Win Not to Participate, Positive Mindset is Not An Option but A MUST." by Aisha Joakim on the way to meet in Spain
I am looking for a Soundtrack for the trailer of My Movie. If you Know of a Songwriter or composer send an Email to Thx
ohh okay you go head and get some rest!!! :)
For those who have been reading my tweets, there was a mess up with the postings..just so you know, I do NOT have a daughter...
Undecided. Didn't love it. Didn't hate it. But I'll give it 3 episodes.
Tortas Frontera, complete with Matilda & Latin music, is really elevating the whole ORD experience.
You know he did just that. Mr. Lincoln appealed to "the better angels of our nature" in his fierce desire to avoid war.
oh! Thank you so much! :)
#NowFollowing cuz i like ya style
Go Preds! Life or death game 4 tonight!
YES!! Really! :) We got married at our church on March 31st!! :) thank you!
They just don't understand it was a reality show ! Not everyone is like that .
All that we are is a result of what we have thought – Buddha
lol srry if that was in ur mentions twice i noticed I had an error after the fact
Brewers try to infuse some offense by pinch hitting Robidoux for Sveum, but nothing doing. No hits in the 7th, 2-1 A's.
what is it?
Turn it on.
How are you feeling?
Is that Zhane you're getting it to this morning? :) Classic material!
doood, can you pick up a box of poptarts for tomorrow? Ill get a box, some soda, and candy.
you could've at least taken the bottle out of the brown paper bag
Do not concentrate on the finger or you will miss all that heavenly glory.
go with him! Keep him in check
My Dad has a new episode this morning w/ in on NBC Sports! KingSalmon fishing! Plus
Who dat! We are now doing advance screenings in New Orleans! First Texas, now other states. Next? The world!
Happy hour poppin
that last RT is the worst thing i ever retweeted. ever.
The Sig House would be glad to take a few off your hands!
iTs Rare To See A Fat Indian Person .
After lunch with yesterday, I must say it is disappointing that women at are crabs in a barrel. Uplift each other.
lol be safe silly. Later
lol Aw I'm good how u been?
Okay, when did parents stop walking with their kids to trick-or-treat on Halloween, only to take up driving behind them in cars?
Sorry, sorry, sorry - yes, my account was compromised. I got it from .
Thanks for the follow
just realized that I saved 90 dollars and 29 cents at jcpenney yesterday
What do you do when a paper is just awful? I mean really bad. Slave through & provide detailed review comments or just say that & score low?
Chipotle and Wrath of the Titans bound, hope everyone had a great day! Check out the links I posted, you'll be glad you did!
nevermind I lost anyway!
cool, FWIW my twitter client made me think you just sent that this morning. :P Let us know if you have any suggestions! :)
Yes, I think it is sincere. Her 15 minutes of fame is over, go away.
Can't believe they got us outside this long
what Scotch are you imbibing? I'm having Oban as I tweet this burning question.
I need a suit. Macys is having a sale. But if I can avoid them I will. Any advice on where/ what brands are good?
Identify/experience negative feelings/situations to let them pass through you as a vessel rather than avoiding/hanging on & being unhappy.
not that merchants didn't often ignore the rules, but still...
I'm still pumping out our top deals, blog posts, and contest info on (our new account). Follow
Where's all the single ladies at
The last tweet promoting was HOURS before the game was played!
Brilliantly creepy.
Standing in the void, dwelling in the possibility and trusting the highest and greatest vision for my life. #faith #nausea #honesty :-)
How have you been,best friend? You have no clue how much I miss you! D,,:
I got the all clear from my dr. #stdfreeFTW just in time for the launch this Saturday!
My wife is at #railsconf and just informed me that Roku runs Strophe.js. Sweet!
I swear I'm the biggest chicken ever.
“: every school but north hills is invited to the #RossMorganRager” Your not invited to the
I'm having trouble dating. Did you have any dating advice?
Sad... we have to bet money to see if we will talk.
Grown men on Vespa type scooters.
Thanks for following. Looking forward to your visit in the future :-) Enjoy the sun today.
ur amazing!! can i get a Hi or a follow plz? :)
#InMiddleSchool i hated washing the lunch table
Photo shoot was a huge success! Witnessed today one of the most breathtaking views in San Diego:)
My version of I Am Legend would be when I try to kill my computer mouse with d_con and it didnt work. PLease follow and retweet!
Feels like a pork-oriented novelty sandwich day. Can anyone make a recommendation?
Brilliant. RT : One of our favorite bartenders has created a new drink: adding whiskey to a mimosa.
Getting transferred to a store with a gym in the basement. Workout central!
You've been mentioned! I shared you as my favorite local pizza places for vegetarians and locals. Thanks for the good eats!
I have a suspicion that they were once called "burp-ups," after what you do once completing a few sets. Could be wrong.
"You'll be good enough." Costner
RT : RT : 128,000 U.S. libraries, 64 percent are the only source of free internet access in their communities...
it's been two days. i'm pretty sure you guys don't 'love' each other.
why you so cute?
Sup miss Canada!? TFTF, have a great weekend!!
Thank you! Come over!
A reminder, this witness is testifying in support of ending funding for cancer screenings at PP, not about abortion services.
Its alot of bad bitches in here amen,came in the game ballin J.Lin
Fantastic question! We need more groups like working to engage young people, and provide accurate information
Remember the #Love_Is series from #Charliebrown? how would you reply? Reply
this is for all my people back home. showing support.
missing was cancelled, too?
Some of my fb friends are wack
Yes, that's the EVL--but I don't know Jason Leigh. Should I? :) was the person who showed us around. Cool space/tools!
It'd be safer, to hate her. Than to love her, and lose her.
RT : All I can say is "Go for it!!" thanks bud! we have a COOL plan! #topsecret ;)
Cuz youre a jerk for doing that to him
Will Shale gas carbon footprint influence Roadmap 2050?
I pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me.
Fresh Vitamins at Westwood Village is now carrying kombucha w chia seeds - my new favorite drink!
"Multitasking: Now that is cool! > RT : Hello from LAX taxi cab #intdesignerchat going home #dbc2012"
Just show up on Mondays at Tacos & Taros. (I think we have you on our RSVP list) What can we do to help w/ ur biz?
When waves at me>
super hype i didnt get tha front seat n class tho
"have a lot of might" hahaha! Awesome!
Hi Can you follow me back?
Guys that say "Id hit that", never hit anything
hehehe. i think i love all of them. but bruce the most. :D
Today's gone by fast
This my 2nd time watchin this steve wilko shit.....this hoe having sex with her biologic dad, and is totally cool with it -_-
WOW!!! It was a great expo 2012..
The world needs to see you're a fucking joke.
Put your future in good hands – your own.....remember, nobody can do it as well as you can.......peace today and everyday :)
that would be really cute! How long have you guys been dating?
Soccer practice!:D
On the way to a bean bag toss tournament in Justin, TX. I can almost hear the fiddle callin and beer can crushin.
is contemplating "waiting on the line" for tickets to Shakespeare in the Park (Twelfth Night) - and by "waiting" she means over 12 hours. ;)
You are just a ray of sunshine during this press conference.... you might have to pull your shorts out from behind.
need to get a TV in your bedroom
RT : In case you are keeping score at home: TV two, 2012 presidential race zero.
I love you so much baby.. Yu so beautiful
I cant believe that some men think it's okay to hit a women. It's wrong.
Forgot to set the timer and sat down to look at the mss. Now I'm starting the day with a cup of tea like the LaBrea Tar Pits.
#FF to the awesome other members of exec team :
Don’t just post status messages or ads.. Publish content that people can truly relate to because they are real people.
Thanks for that. Google led me astray. Figured would have an active account. Now, I know where to follow :)
Lol this is wild
ypu are welcome! happy to help!
don't regret it though and it's def been an amazing week :)
yes I know a good wisconsin girl :)
I'm really disliking Facebook anymore ...
Boy, what would life be like for my phone without this otter box.
Dont Judge me . when you know NOTHING about me .
I watched a documentary today called just kick it, its about the homeless person world cup 2006, heard of it?
Try to lick your elbow :o Lol
how yall aint put me on a skit or sumthing!!!!
Meek Mill tape is nice to me.
i already think he's brilliant and I haven't seen anything yet. SUPER excited.
Has been fighting off a Migraine all day, and have ultimately lost. Need to get home to a dark room.
A set of awesome 700 goes to... !
Omg, was awesome last night! Thanks to all people who came partying with us.. without u will not be the same <3
Is this going to be over soon so you guys can get back to Rip City?
Take care, polar bear!
... yeah, give me a call. I left my contact info on your site.
I just did :) haha well I am back 2 this 1 well I have done it twice n 1 night wow :)
Ready to watch the Rangers! #Yu ⚾
Looking forward to #Community tonight!
Loved in #otherdesertcities Thanks for the headsup that she is now on twitter!!
well the step by step donut making video that used Garamond font was made by a cat who dies in a fire at the end
#Thebulls just won! (amazing) now let's see what #dabears are gonna do.
Question about how many defendants psu is paying to support. Erickson says difficult to answer
You Must Not Want It If Your Sleep And You A Musician Grindin
School tomorrow :/
We're experiencing some technical difficulties. We're working on it & promise to be back by 10 am, or free lollipops for every1
I know. Just thought it was funny. You were the first person I thought of when I got my invite.
enjoy your food :)
Thanks ! I'll take a look. And thanks for the connection!
AND! A huge thanks to everyone loving messages. It was good to hear from everone!
what if jayz and 50 cent started a record label that would be some powerful shit
Timed mile swim. A little bit of lifting. Great sunrise. It's Friday!
Hope to see you soon back at Bud. Great night.
You're so concerned w/people being "intrusive." Those Sbux folks steal identities you know ;) And why are u eating fast food?
BTW, what was that you were fixing.. a light fixture?
Sake bombs are the devil
I need 4 tickets to the Packers vs Houston game on 10/14.. any help is appreciated : )
whos a fake?
Quick Rain Day Special: Wax Wednesday Kickin $10 off, come on in! =)
Nice! Looking forward to your Belt Brasil journal.
I wish when I liked a guy, we could just cut the bullshit.
iam going to watch tv
&& it happened again.
Sally's beauty supply always supplying my every need!!
going to bed soon. good night everyone!
Do or Die
Airborne was bought by DHL about 8 years ago #showingyourage you might refer to it as
I got wat u need
Snow on the west side has caused "Seattle Public Schools" to trend of twitter. They just can't handle the snow like #Spokane can :)
im gonna be so sad when the ep ends :'((
I had these installed all over the US a few years ago just in case. Glad you found it!
are we two big idiots... or the only sane ones???
They Say You Make Your Own crime, But Life Is A Crime As we speak. I Know The Best Of Both Worlds, But Will Shoot If You In The Way
I would not be able to function without coffee..
how about if I get one I will send a pic so you can virtually eat it! :D
Yeah things that usually add to matches tend to do nothing when Jay Lethal's in the ring.
Schennnnnn!! Congrats buddy
#DemianBichir is incredible - A Better Life
Mitt Romney claimed he pays a 15% tax rate last night. Most of us are paying twice that.
We're creating a new marketplace of services for self-publishers. Which name do you like better: Kooblish or Koobzilla?
my daughter's phone has gone missing and my nomophobia is about not being able to get in touch with her.
RT Even better! Don't forget Mouth of the south Jimmy Hart
you can, but you're just a hypocrite, but if you can admit that and be okay with that,..
Why are you reading Twitter when you could be watching #Avengers again? - DvL
After helping a singer prepare for an audition, I genuinely want to find out how it went. I’m sure other teachers & coaches agree.
Mitt completely leaves out Health Care when discussing his Massachusetts resume. Wonder why?
rare collector's item, thanks for the support!
I have seen a lot of people's true colors lately ...hm
~awesomeness of it :P
Derrick Thomas was way up there, and also sadly gone.
Thank you to the over 100 employers who attended our May 1st Private Sector Job Fair.
Its boring
What a great game! Someone is missing to watch it with me though.
the old scene kids turned into either hipsters, goths, or they're still being scene in a whole other level.
Munstah Cheez would be my rap name!
The bad news: I can't see shit. The good news: No retinopathy!
I want to get a bird and name it
At 1:14 p.m. my delivery order was confirmed. At 1:22 p.m. a yummy sandwich was in my hand. Thanks, !
haha waiting for your message my dude ! where you been at tho !!?!?
Seems like im the only one tweetin
#15peopleilove She's so nice to talk to and a great friend! also a great writer as well :)
I'm still a #celtics fan no matter what #CelticsNationBitch 💚🍀💚🍀
I KNOW. I JUST SAW THAT EVENT PAGE AND I YELPED IN EXCITEMENT.
Zumanity™,The Sensual Side of Cirque du Soleil Get your prefered seats book at www.myvegaspeople.com
I haven't missed my husband's snoring - lol.
But normally I get tipped really nice if I take them as the LAST customer so I don't try to trip too hard.
More Flags-Seahawks game or the U.N.???
when you don't have 3 straight months off, then you can feel bad for yourself lol
#nw Robin Hood: Men in Tights
I'm not watching the game but from reading my TL I think LA not doing so good
Combine the two accounts together, and I'm not too far off;) Grats on 1k.
Followup to #sabres / #UNYTS tweet. Fans should be able to donate online and still get hat. . . .
Hi Billy, Bob James, from London England, met you early 90's noticed your name on ASCAP site, thought I'd say Hi, cheers mate
Leaving early tomorrow morning to California! This time is different, I will be doing on track training for the first time this year! :)
no problem & shureee ;)
Looked at the list, and I don't even listen to any of them let alone I don't even think I ever heard of them lol
I don't see the point of protecting tweets!
My week so far: SQUIRREL!
I'm bout to eat a bowl of cereal
Drunk people acting a fool <
Agreed. But if there is one standard and its successfully met, then idc what gender they are. Just my opinion.
Had a fun day with my mama but she's expensive lol
Every service I walk into, my expectation for God to move is always high. Chains broken, lives healed, eyes opened, Jesus revealed!
Trying to catch up and move ahead at the same time. Not succeeding at either.
Trip to Oneida in Green Bay - Monday, June 21 - 8 a.m. Departure from The Village at Manor Park - $52 per person - Call (414) 607-4186
Then you're half-way there!
omgosh yes! Way weird. But kinda cool too. And i have another horrifying id picture. Score
Nice start!
jist saying i need a ride.
Great season Coach, big things ahead for Lions with you calling shots. (We met at Haley's before US Open at Congressional)
now how bout a gme7?
Happy Fourth of July! What are you doing to celebrate?
IF ANYONE ASKS ME IF I HAVE A HICKIE TOMORROW. I WILL INDEED FLIP COMPLETE SHIT.
Keri hilson can we get some more music plz....not a fan of u but love ya music
Shoulda been 25 gms min, 5 does nothing 2 prevent it from happening again & shows no 1 can be above the rules
My basically family is coming over later today :D yay I miss them
taking dinner break after fun day of damage reports for moving co. and unpacking all the boxes I packed the last few weeks.
Tell her we love her <3
Rejoins la #TeamJ-sit :p
But that way serious researchers won't have to deal with all those plebes taking up space to check their Facebooks.
Dude, that almost looks like a prison photo. Very happy lookin' couple I might add.
Not as sorry as RT : I feel sorry 4 Chattanooga as this is not the time to visit Rupp & face an angry CATS TEAM..
There was a time when that was the reason I liked console gaming: no updates.
Wanting more.... Ill leave it all behind to go get it....
maybe you won panties?
Fair enough. It's hart to hate on a Marsh-wiggle
Thanks for the follow, Kellen. We love your Twitter handle BTW!
Team coverage of #Presidential visit only #ROC starting at Noon and updates on Twitter
Research and Markets: Adoption &amp; Child Welfare Services in the US - 2012 - Welfare on the Mend: Private Donations and ...
RICK DIED! and Elena, but that Doctor lady gave her Vampire blood, so Elena's a vampire now! Mat may be
it snowing
diagram for modeling a document: concentric circles of "document itself""associated information""genre""social ecology"
- scary for you - beautiful for us! You look #awesome w/that background!
hahahaha I lol'd so hard at this
Third period under way at MSG. It's a 1-1 game.
So true! I've only been food successful at opening reception and yesterday's networking lunch
“: Driver did a horrible job in qualifying car has been pretty good all day.”
where is this at??
Funnily I yell at my iPhone all the time. I just because I have higher expectations for it. When my Berry acts up, I just shrug.
happy birthday :)
"As far back as I can remember I've always wanted to be a gangster..."
no it's made of like red pipes
Too much crazy for one brain! Self- diagnosed maniac xD
life is good.
": Wow. RT : Biggest jump of world CO2 emissions ever" Y aren't massive volcano & wild fires included?!!!!
Heck yes!
Play is under review after that ball hit the right field wall.
Thanks for readnig!
Super Mystery Jackpot Song Clue: It's a country song. The pot is up to $105. Next show you can win is Tue at Vintage ( on Prospect) 10pm
I am looking for someone affordable who makes specialty cookies (i.e Wolfpack design and basketball design). Ideas?
Half sleeve it is.
The economic and political functions of relief-giving have not been clearly seen. #Piven and Cloward, 1971
I am now in possession of the One Ring...
When Thomas Aquinas lived in Christendom and in Islam there was enthusiasm for science, wide-eyed. Today we have difficulties.
what's wrong wit that
Has anyone found a good way to download the cables or access #wikileaks?
depends on how well we know each other. would be harder/more awkward to go separate ways if it wasnt going well.
Philly + Vick = much worse!
We just got a sneak peak and it's fab! RT finishing up a hand painted card design for a book project
Presenting this am at Int'l EI conference in San Antonio Texas. Building an Emotionally Intelligent Culture
Ok word
please don't. I don't wanna see anyone hurting themselves. Its not worth it.
does that almanac have the list of schools they are at?
My tv has been on mute for hours now. I like making up my own words. It's much more interesting
Wished I Would Have Stayed To Hear Preach Today,, #Sorry :(
Change is not only likely, it's inevitable. ~Barbara Sher
I never
Karen What are you referring to when you mention "Twitter PD"?
When your friend asks your best guy friend why he hasn't asked you out yet....and you find out from him #awkward! #extremelyawkward!
Massage time 8)
“: Today really should be Friday.” I completely agree!!
so windy out!
lol same here
The night has been revived..or the morning rather:)
In your opinion, does Seattle have a good chance at getting him??
Thanks for the RTs!
I'll hit u": lemme know when u want to make that happen"
not nearly. But it's day 2
Nuthin hurtz like the lie u didn't have to tell...FUCKER!!!!
It's Doris Day month on Which actresses today can fill a whole month with great movies?
Happy Birthday to one of ours:
lol what's good
Sesame Donuts have the best donuts and staff in the Portland area.
Is really hot , good day to hit the beach!
I think I speak for all the tdf freaks when i say: I hope you feel better soon!  
Proud Directioner helping the boys get
I'm confused about if you are lying
What kind of dog poops in a moving car? My dog...
omg i hate o06 and park... this show is extra lame.. if i wanted 2 watch videos i jus go on youtube..
Something I never wanted to do: Parallel park a mini-van. Yet, today, I did it three times (its a rental). Superb maneuverability skills.
Home from my road trip -have come to conclusion that US is actually a big empty. Yea I said it EMPTY. There is no reason for houselessness.
did it come w/ chains, handcuffs and elaborate and horrifying escape options?
Follow me!Monter!
Now we're really finding out who the real football fans are. With the umpteenth pick in the #nfldraft, the....
Talking is good. Thanks Brodie Erin and Mom for helping me with the problems I have encoutered this semester in school.
Merry Christmas from our family to yours!!
Then email Your GIF/JPG Banner Or Text Link to be added to our site to
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "SINGLES...Schedule Conversation With Others."
Mrs. Rothschild class <<<<<
I don't ask for much..just cook me food!!:)
Homeless: Morrison Bridge drive-by was hate crime &targeted. What do police say? I'll have that on
Why don't you all fade away?
Wow, bummer! RT : DO NOT go 64 west thru town..jacked up from king on..garbage truck & power pole do not mix
next weekend after the "kru" pool party thingy
Scary, but important for a successful biz owner--> Aim BIG!
Feedback getting ridiculous I think we got something!!!
More to come We just getting started!!!
I miss when the Zaarly designers were Squaredeye...
you and me both Casper
RT : House GOP proposes cutting $75 billion from programs "directly benefiting the poor" to avoid military budget cuts...
wat is the code for?
woah crazy! :) are they still awesome?
Lessons from #vatorsplash - talk really fast, make uncool => cool, follow your customers, keep the core prod small, don't compete; innovate!
There aint no muh fuckin mayb, mikeys flows is hazardous to men women n babies
trying to dance to robyn with before i die.
Jus used mi bakpak as an ashtray....... Mi bad
Sometimes, you just gotta watch Yo Gabba Gabba so you can realize there's someone more weird than you.
Life runs a mile a minute. Learn to slow it down
Fun 4th website updating; vendor, runner apps will be available 2/1. Just checking out www.funfourthfestival.org will make you feel warmer!
what sins? i'm a beautiful black christian woman.
I like to at least jot on the back of someone's business card what we talked about or put a star for really good presentations
hey Nat ! Why doesn't Gismo have his twitter page anymore ?
Wore my black n silver chettah print jeans yesterday had ppl liken em a lot ;)
Just got to baptize two people. So stoked to be a part of the Kingdom of God
How many stitches is that?
LA are y'all ready for this pool party season ? Season 4 EXCLUSIVE - Private Location - Invite Only - Memorial Day 5/28
Creating session proposal on reading room access & security this month for #SAA12 if any folks are interested - dm me
I never stress
Listening to raw tracks from Brass Band's recording session. and both sound great.
thanks, I guess.
Mad i left my phone at home
no. i live in chicago. . i haven’t seen u yet. we miss u.
Good morning, and Happy Easter <3
If you believe im pretty sure you can acheive it .
I'm basically the best, is what you're saying.
Doctor time ! 😷 freaking out
i stay up late every night, regret it every morning, then do it all over again smh. Just for her... ;)
the fat green fox hopped past the tired dog.
The word "swag" is overly used on all the wrong people and context smh .
ROOMS AVAILABLE TONIGHT! Come for Monday Madness.
I want to be older when I grow up.
Glee is so weird tonight
oh you a bad bad girl
If you were looking for a Greinke bunt there well yeah, NOPE.
Congrats to Jim Gibson (Houston) and Ken Hedrick (Tulsa) who co-brokered a $4.1M Social Security building in Indianapolis, IN!
#GayIsOk let people be. You can't help who you love. Don't put people on a lower standard based upon something they feel with their heart.
Hire outsourcers from the Philippines so you can work less & earn more with leverage.
will you be in Indianapolis anytime soon?
This weather is awesome! RT if you agree!!
OK, i'm a believer in climate change. 72 degrees in Louisville today (maybe tornadoes). 43 degrees 2morrow. snow on Wed.
You are too kind. I will say that every column is an adventure.
Honestly nothing can make me laugh more than That 70's Show, Family Guy, and
Mikey's future wifey ☟
we emailed you guys!
I was about to say... Construction. Sounds hot! 😉 How'd it go?
Low voter turnout(around 35%) expected by on Tuesday. Let's change that.
Hey you seem crazy fun. Would love to talk to you on twitter!
NO! Titans get Wright.
Bleh. Almost got hit by cars...Oh well.
Glad to hear it!
Congrats to and for having the two best #SXSW trade show booths. Funny that they are both mobile case makers.
you're welcome. Always fun!
Just got tickets to my first ever EPL game vs Man City December 12th. Psyched.
good day spending time with the wife
An amazing job on the national anthem
Thanks to all Bricktown Shuttle riders for letting OKC Party Bus be your designated driver. Reserve your seat for next week at 405-447-2446
totally you too! Chat soon.
Movie Trailer for "Life At The Resort" coming soon!
Who doesn't love waking up at 445 am to catch a plane?
From Charlotte, North Carolina USA, but making my first trip to Deutschland this weekend for German Aerospace Day.
you mean Babes at Sea, right?
Double dose of boot camp &gym this a.m. Gr8 start to the day. Now for work and Madeleine Albright tonight. It's going to be an awesome day.
it was great meeting you. Thanks for the lovely conversation!
Life keeps asking so many questions Why.. so many questions
Don't be ashamed of who you are. Inside of you is a great gift. You just have to unwrap it.
Antibiotics, vicodine and lights out
All I wanna fucking do is hold you.
Looking for something to bake for a friend's birthday this weekend, so obviously I go over to 's Boozy Cupcakes pinterest board.
Oh! And mine! We rock.
Which ladies are voting for #shaq or #chuck lol
Thanks for following us :)
keep dunking kid, have no fear of going in!!!! you will be a great NBA player in the future!!!
I wanted so badly for John Carter to be good, but it was not. Tell me I'm wrong, .
Looks good on a resume. MT : Considered becoming a board member for ? Email for more info.
We love you guys! Got to meet ya all in Oakland! You guys tore it up that night! If you have a chance check us out! Cheers!
Thanks for all of the kind App Store reviews everyone! "It is one of the few addictive apps that's actually productive too." - Aaron_Smith
#welcometochicago the coupon capital of the world
That would be awesome :-)
Live for love. Without love, you don't live.
It should make you feel super special. Like a BBC book.
#TheWire makes everything better. I want to see the world through Omar's eyes.
Day from hell finally over!
can you help me park my car? #scrub haha
I like that "Dressy" is a subcategory of dresses I just saw on a Web site. Dressy dresses. (Your other option: "Casual".)
I feel like #TheVoice has been on for four hours
hii kelly look made a twitter ! She act too and she also sings ! Go and follow her ! She will follow you back
I'm good. Thanks tho
thanks for the shout out on our labels -- proud of ability to educate. passing on the props to John Gauntner
Come visit Kraft Tool show in Booth
Going to start posting some of my larger market sports plays. We'll see how it goes. Arizona State +14 +100 1 unit
omg hahahahaha. Im going to la in sep and oct to record drive to me.
Ok, I wont do nothing else... Smh
computer repair team : heading out to mira mesa to take care of a pending service request. laptop service.
NARP! But you know, it's your journey.
How was rootscamp? Did you feel other progressives understand education issues?
RT " I have never seen get as hype as he did at the fashion show. It was hella funny lol” I was on
just got even sexier. #CarlThomas is coming to chill for #MartiniTuesdays w/
#Facebook gives me alot of problems that I don't need
hes from pick central receiver 2nd best on the team but runs a 4.4 40 so he commits to osu but has yet to pass 2 if the ogt parts
Grandchild#9, a boy, born on the 4th of July.
I kind of knew knar was going to a school in Iowa last year!
Gosh, farmers all abustle, Lots of greens!! www.tinygreens.org and more!!
We need your help gettin Faison on board & recruiting a Trip out of Auburn to go to Africa next year
Out dancing tonight!! Good times!! Feet don't fail me now!
Oh no! I just noticed that my keyboard tray sounds like a goose honk when I lift my right hand. I wonder how long its done this.
Don't promise delivery date/time window and then overbook your route
Oh May...put your arms around me. What you feel is what you are...
Are you following ? You should! Tell your Twitter friends! How many new followers can we get by the end of the week?
Homework exist because apparently 7 hours of school isn't enough.
If symptoms of #chlamydia do occur, they usually appear within 1-3 weeks after exposure.
Stop trying to impress people by being someone you're not because in the end, you'll lose yourself!!!
I love your service but it took me 10 mins to figure out how to download it on my 2nd computer, and I still can't figure out..
To find your passion you must speak your truths and ready yourself to new adventures.
The Houston Cloneumni Association salutes you. Happy New Year!
Word... That's strange!! I will have to check it out : it's a TV show on TLC
Total boredom..who plays League of Legends?
Nice article, but how exactly is Houston a "smaller" locale. It's a top ten sized market!
12 play by R Kelly!!!
Matt Damon is balled and looks like an alien ...:p
Looking forward to seeing "Contagion" tonight :) in theaters September 9th. My expectations are set pretty high on this one.
That's my hoe too! ^_^
Haha! RT The manager of Doc Cheys saw how neatly I got my food into the carry out box and said, "You're hired"...
Retail therapy? Yes, I think TJ Maxx will do just the trick...
71% of Americas poor will be racial minorities by 2050
Oh, yeah. Don't know how I could have missed that one.
Some days the severity of my ADD just overwhelms me, especially when I have a paper to do.
After four years of planning and working on #SB46, #indy has the last puzzle piece! Game On!
it's not online anywhere, it's a pretty basic aesthetic tweak, it otherwise worked out of the box =]
I love you forever Mother Monster!
I want tattoo number 3.
You heard it here folks. Sled urself straight to certain death! RT : Suicide Hill in Mitchell Park ;)
When something important is going on, silence is a lie. -A.M. Rosenthal
Thank u for duck diving to avoid killing flock of seagulls that flew in front of our plane departing San Diego.
Hey guys! Follow our vocalist Matt!
“I'm glad I did it, partly because it was worth it, but mostly because I shall never have to do it again.” ~Mark Twain
The characters on #WalkingDead are great at aim and bad at everything else.
sigh yeah no wonderful peeps like u though in most slacs
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!!!!!
Wow, we made a top 6 list?? Thank you, we are very proud.
If you want me to write your screenplay, try to get me excited about your concept.
Cancer sucks! RIP Raffe.
I'm guessing the chances of all 5000 of us fitting into one bar are pretty slim?
In and Out Burger, and 3rd street promenade
Thanks for the follow
Awake this early, on my day off..but of course.
Guess I will be sitting inside all day
It's really hard to eat a bowl of oatmeal in the morning when I'm not hungry whatsoever.
So awesome to be a part of !!!! Met so many wonderful people and had so much fun dancing!! :D
Live meeting new creatives!
2 of the last 3 no hitters have been thrown by
Broncos long snapper Lonnie Paxton coming up! Mile High Sports, AM 1510
Not sure...I struggle with going out to go out. I go out mostly for meetings, lol. Or music! Or a good play...
Nuff respect Thomas!
Why do companies offer you “free gifts?” Since when has a gift NOT been free?
im so stupid );
#Imagine You:"Liam, your heart is so big!" Liam:"Because it's filled with my love for you babe."
Congress says "45 states + DC have adopted the Common Core Standards." We're on our way 2 closing gaps
saw an ad for Cymbalta on TV and went "that looks like me and Coley!" what have we come to?!
I heard if enough people watch #Community tonight, gets to direct Avengers 2.
Slight typo while typing Poli Sci essay changed "recent cases of the war on terror" 2 "recent cases of the war OF terror"...
Or perhaps
He pre-judged Ryan Braun, too? RT Totally agree with what Tom Brokaw says here.
I want henna
I'm glad you came.
And the other part?
Buenos días a todos, good morning ppl
Clive James~ Television is simultaneously blamed often by the same people for worsening the world and for being powerless to change it.
looking through on some home furnishing catalog. I.AM.SO.EXCITED! Today will be d day, we sign on e paper which will cost us $$$$$!!!
I'll ask around.
RT WHO HAS HEARD THAT WORD??
Thunderstorms AGAIN.
Landon pulls his own weight he taught himself that!
haha, yeah totally the best! :D
LAST CHANCE to get on our guestlist to see The Hunger Games tonight at Baxter 8 Theater is coming with the Interactive 8 at 8!!!!!!!!!!!!
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does. That makes you a winner right there. ~ Venus Williams ♡
Such a good day :3
No? K y'all asked for it.
We will now call you Whiteland...
- imho, the pursuit of social justice inevitably leads to tyranny
My sisters coworkers house caught on fire,so her and her fiance bought her new house appliances and furniture..
haha cool thanks
Should of known better, you ain't going to tie me down
I can't wait to see them! Do you love them??
actually African Americans are the frequent flyers of smart phones according to statistics--great platform for a voice
what would you say Thurnan?
Good things come to those who wait . Better come to those who dont <3
This guy is walking in the middle of the street with his middle fingers up lmao
gross. I didn't have my glasses on but I could make out shades, which means lots and lots of back hair.
always look forward to your blogs
So pretty sure me and my girls are going to see a braves game soon!(:
Don't waste you time on me. You're already the voice inside my head.
Sure you have! He is his own advertising campaign! x)
dude where are you?
“RT : my mentions are dead!”
done with, I'm not so sure about. He lives in eternal infamy with Unpopular Opinion Perry meme. Which I LOVE.
lol true they getting they ass bust
whoa!!!! he is lol
GoodNight Hope U Feel Better
Everyone has a unique purpose; do you think you are here by mistake? -Eli Singer
RT : Sports TV broadcasts need to start conducting these sponsored polls via Twitter instead of texting.
Thanks, that's lovely to hear. :) And you're welcome for the #FF. :)
Awesome catch #badgers!!! This party is awesome but can't wait for ....
:/ Omfg. Someone in school got me sick...ohno...im coughing so badly..
but i'm pissed that i'm on my period :(
hi jasper
Good win for my Spurs against the Lakers!! GO SPURS GO!!
BROS! ORDER ME A GRILLED CHEESE & COTTAGE CHEESE TONIGHT!
My only argument with this list is NOW I HAVE MORE BOOKS TO READ. There's no end to the books is there? /calls library
A bit of a dreary day in Santa Monica, but that makes me not feel so bad about having to sit at a desk all day.
O... whatcha gonna do with 81 hrs of leave?? And can I be involved somehow? Oops. I got no use/lose time. Never mind.
omg i know! I cried during the drowning part tho :(
Good Morning my fellow Red Abbey Addicts!
I want someone else to blame, besides me.
can I get a follow back, this Burque representative, Phil The Agonys homie Michael Justinaos(Task)RIP cousin
Experience enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. Franklin P. Jones
Oh, nice! RT : I predict a lot of "Flat Stopped" UK tshirts next year. If you use it, pay me.
play me on drawsomething!
im freaking crying right now
LOLOL i just noticed that i forgot the "_" on your last mention! or imma seeing things ? lolol
#BieberFact Justin’s dad plays guitar, and his mom sings. RT if you want to hear them all together.
My parents & teachers/coaches tell me i seriously smile to much! Haha(:
Oh, Hi Elijah Wood. Wait, what? Your the DJ for the party I'm working? Cool
*hug* May you have an excellent turkey.
Side question: what software did Chad use to generate the timeline?
New twitpic :)
I was just told that I look like Dana Eveland. So there's that.
Looking for #craftbeer in #Asheville. Any suggestions?
Attempting the cinnamon challenge...
Real big problem when you have to evacuate your apt after midnight cause the smell of whatever your roommate cooked is making you ill.
hey, fucj you.
CC Better keep your 18m old out of Juvi. Id be scared of him. But i think hes a gentle giant
you're being kinda obsessed with our relationship....
Ali Baba on Whittier st. That was the spot ! Funniest arcade and my mom worked their, hooked me up with tickets and tokens!
damn my remote dont work anymore lol
You too!
RT : #illini Mercilus sitting there for the Bears. Should they take him? Yes!
One more day until...?!?!
"You are the treasure I could not afford."
Tell him that I'm having a BAD, LONELY DAY and he could make me smile if he'd accept. HE PROMISED!
Napoleon Dynamite says you're a hater.
If Passion is the rain..be the Storm!
That is funny, my math is terrible though. :D
thanks I heard of google + but did not know you had to get an invite, is that for the test run?
I could really care less at this point..
Princess Diaries 1 and 2 and cuddles. :)
UGH!!! How is it that the are coming to St. Louis the weekend I'm out of town??? No...
What class?
White Fence just kicked some serious ass at ! Ready for some Ty Segall?
hahaha I never noticed you were a Gemini too!
First day !
◄◄◄ This girl supports real music; this girl supports !!!
Awh thanks dear. I love you(:
Of all the powers&gadgets your characters have had over the years, is there 1 you thought would be real by now?
YES!x CHECK OUT MY PICS!x THERE U WILL HAV THE TRUTH!x
#ideas2action ...or even just trucks? Trucks would do!
i think it is difficult for most people to work in open spaces if you are doing intense focused work - peripheral vision :)
hey I meant to ask you, what Unfollow tracker do you use?!
sorry ladies.. the lead singer is engaged.
"NEV'MO!" (quoth The Raven) "NEV'MO!"
u kno. same spot, u got my nmbr too
lol its a song anyways
THANK YOU for taking driving!
Dev is fixing that. Leap year 2016 will now be perfect. Thanks for the heads up!
At Milwaukee Ave Arts Fest, Cole's stage, seeing Hex's band Matadora!
Facebook is like my fridge... I know there is nothing there but I check it every 10 minutes anyways.
is loving the new Hells Kitchen :)
Chilling with my friend alyssa, got tan at the pool, creepy kids hit on us there... Awk:(
Funny how some things are basically the same in any language. :)
I know!!! Hahaha I was so confused on what was going on!
I remember when washing your mouth out with soap was punishment RT : Wow kids are now drinking hand sanitizer to get drunk.
Dear Pandora, it would be wonderful if you'll stop attaching me with all your stupid commercials, Thank you
poor guy
it was campus wide!!
American Idol. :D
Oh and the weather is beautiful! Puts me in a great mood! :)
I wish you could buy time instead of having it just slip away......
Ready to tune in tonight buddy.
Indie ArtHouse opening soon! Grand Ave and Roosevelt
Whoa!!! You should have sold tickets to that dinner for charity or something. Bet you got a lot of looks at the place.
recommends reading 'The Myths of Innovation' by Scott Berkun for stories about organizations facing change
ha it's aight. No biggie. Your cute :)
If you have had problems with Permanent Makeup application. You have not been to someone Board Certified by Medical Prof. Do research
I miss my Wham! And Chaka Khan tapes....
that condescending wonka shit is stupid. stop retweeing it.
A lot of pissed off people on twitter today.
Lake walk at coyote hour.
Follow Rebecca Metz, she has great ideas to improve your business strategies
bag o' dicks?
What dance did you see/do this weekend?
You're sorry? *throws a punch striking at his chin* Oh, I'm sorry!
is getting ready for breakfast on the last day of
Thanks for the advice, gonna do some research, get some nice flowers to plant this spring.
Early Start all will be cool #teamfollowback :)
That's how we feel about our cars! RT : “The mystery was gone but the amazement was just starting.” ― Andy Warhol
It's not horrible but it's a fairly bland teen pop song. She'll get some sales based on her past popularity but no lasting fame.
The chasm isn't about self-indulgence MT This week's KAL's cartoon
when life knocks you on your knees, just remember you are in the perfect position to pray
bc you look 40.
Further signs that Burger King is in desperate: they have late-night creep Jay Leno shilling for them.
we gonna get you in 929 soon my dude!
really love your quotes!
Watching Tim Tebow is like crack...with all the highs and lows.
I see , bring me food !
i hate oprah
Headed to #626NightMarket. Sounds like it's already a madhouse.
Friday can't come soon enough, moving to Charlotte...
RT : I love putting great people with great people...damn that just fires me up....
This is sweet! Thanks for sharing!!
I love you ALL! ♥ I Cried When you guys made it! ♥ Follow back ? love LOVE you!!♥
Had my windows open, then my neighbor decided to cut his grass. In other words, my room smells AMAZING!!
i said the exact same thing to the haterz about the superbowll show. ;P
#BLiNQ's #LiFT report ranks , and as some of the top #Fashion interests for
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
Hey Lara! hope all is good with you!
the element... Is this actually a thing that exists? B/c it's going to make my head hurt figuring out how it works.
I was just going to mention SERAPHINA, loved it.
i hope jenelle gets her ass beat!
Guaranteed laugh: Threaten to beat someone with his or her own shoe.
Creativity has got to start with humanity and when you're a human being, you feel, you suffer. - Marilyn Monroe
haha aw well thank you :) so are you! <3
...checked out the ALA Midwinter Tech Wrap-Up online. Fab.
MLB sent me an email to vote for for All Stars already. Really? The opening day starters have like three starts under their belt.
We had a fabulous Christmas party on Friday wine tasting in Napa. Maybe we should do that every Friday. . . .
Giving up on everybdy...I'm srry but I can't nomore...
Thanks lady! I've heard great things about ! Have a great day!
Thanks for the follow 
I listen to Alex on C2C read his news believe in him. My son's a marine recruiter They do that all the time. Sometimes it isn't conspiracy
ready to get off so I can take a long hot, shower.. 3 more hours though 😒
JazzandJokes TONIGHT! Open Mic, come do your thing! Poets,MC's,Singers,etc. I'm hosting as always, coe thru 9pm.
What genre do you have in mind?
I'll be out to Sin City in a few days. Don't use up all their alcohol and good weather.
IF you get a first step, GIANT Step in the right direction! Last step usually sees cash or piece of mind, next step means options!
All Beliebers if u love justin as Much as i do then Please follow Me I love justin so please follow me thanks!!!
can't send message without a follow.
The mini heart-attack you have when your foot misses one stair.
Inaugural Wine and Swine podcast coming up, right?
I hate when I'm excluded from joining something new.
Really cool story tonight!!! I didn't even know you were working on that! Really well done.
Ask the #backchannel : best station to watch tv coverage?
OVERTIME IS KICKING IN:-)
A Marketing analysis dives into the needs and wants of potential customers, as well as your competition and the percentage of the market...
Haha yeah... Sorry im telling you all this
Just 4 more to 750 and a new album for you!! ;) xoxoxo
Uh, do you think "my printer ate my article" will work as a reason to get an extension?
You are too cute! So happy for you and SG. Good luck tonight! I know the Ernie fans got your back.
Just in time for St. Patrick's Day, Ireland's Butler's Chocolates R now available @ The Chocolate Library in 9 varieties! 111 St Marks.
Thanks for the RT love!
just on Ustream
good night & sweet dreams cutie :)
Leaving Denver after appearing at #NDK #Anime Convention. as a guest voice actor. Tons of fun!
I'm an asshat!
You're really posting statuses every thirty seconds about "how you wan fuck sum1"? A) you might be a slut and B) your grammar is horrendous.
Do not submit any photographs or other materials which do not belong to you
Goal number 40 for Leo. But just how good is Mascherano. Absolutely brilliant!
maybe it will grow more fun
For French today I had to write an essay about my summer plans...not much to say...
Whatever works! RT : I've always thought of myself as more of a Dr. Strangelove
no friday classes?
thanks for the recent mention! enjoy your day!
you're funny. That's not true. I have no dick riders
Verona's Tyler Reinecke wins one-hole playoff vs Waunakee's Zach Gaugert & Memorial's Brad O'Loughlin @ Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Shootout
I'm listening to Antony and I don't get it. Also I went shopping instead of to the museum. Whoops.
#oomf A Liar !
I cant win
Just saw "the word begins" at Radar LA. Amazing important show. I stood up before the curtain call lights came on.
I think the end is nigh for LaPorta.
d Go man Go, Have a deadline tonight... not going to make the flash group tonight. was looking forward to that.
Hope everyone had a great weekend. I worked a bunch ... got a cool site getting ready to go live.
Is theatre an art or a craft?
I deeply trust and believe that the Universe adores me and is constantly orchestrating on my behalf.--Lisa McCourt
#MoviesWereBestWhen you didn't have to watch 5 minutes of commercials before seeing the coming attractions.
on page four -took the necessary baking break. only a little bit more, I hope it gave me the energy to get it wrapped up!
Silence speaks volumes.
‎[Campus Bulletin] We told you to stop calling this "Dead Week." We can't understand why "Week Preceding Final Exams" hasn't caught on!
Doing a zumba workout at midnight is normal right? Haha!!.
I'd actually love to try a project with a complicated circuit, I'm fascinated by that stuff
Stop bringing up the past....
what about Elias looks like Elias?
“: "The moment I saw you, I knew I was gonna hate you." from last night's #AmericasGotTalent" Might watch this.
no problem! How are you feeling?
RT : REVEALED: ' new album art and release date! Get it NOW!!! Robot Army.... GO! at.mtv.com/4eA
I get them the day after. Lol
yes ma'am =) I am a proud owner of a 2011 kia forte
we found love in a hopeless place!
We've been having logistics problems with your stores... is there a person I can talk to? Been getting frustrated customers
#Clippers list G Chris Paul (hip injury) and F Blake Griffin (knee injury) as game-time decisions Friday
Pliny the elder and poker.....just amazing.
no but like i am fucking PISSED OFF that Bioshock Infinite was postponed to 2013
Happy Monday everyone, make it a wonderful week!!
Hi, I'm a bed & I'm pretty rockin'.
X! I'm back!“: I'm officially missing yoooouuu *Tamia voice*”
I can't make u like me...n if I hav 2...Do I really want u 2?
I've moved into policy--lots of time to *practice* science communication, but little to research it!
i'm so irritated! 
Other than the spelling, I'm not really sure what the difference between the two would be,
If I haven't told you already YOUR A-FRICKIN-MAZING!!!! I'll be voting as always! RT LADY ILY!
The last 8 months with have been great. Looking forward to the rest of my life with you babe<3
The mysterious 10th FL
just fyi, got a DM from you this morning, so there may still be problems w/ your account.
Happy last day of classes! Special congrats to our seniors who have their last class ever!
25% off all of our shirts at www.allWIdoiswin.com for 24 hours only, starts NOW. Buyers will get cash back with shirt
Thank you Columbus and #loex2012 organizers for being great hosts and putting together an invigorating conference!
Exhausted... just leaving the hospital... No gym... COMLEX on Friday and all I want to do is sleep.
Now, I'm gonna have to bang that ish. LOUD.
“: Tim Tebow is a Jet. He quoted some Bible verse about washing people's feet and I knew he was my guy.”
is my husband. even though he's a lot older than me! #idontcare!
I love you <3
I haven't said that in a really long time -.-
I call it chacne
Enough with the spam DM's, guys.
is it time for Davy?
Laughters the key to happiness! If you can manage to laugh at times of sorrow, tears, pain & anguish youll live a longer life Stress kills!!
Sounds pretty pro-business to me. Why GOP not clapping?
Yeah. It's time for some water.
I can't believe the last competition is this weekend, this year flew by
I've developed a new philosophy... I only dread one day at a time.
No! do not lower your standards :) No idea what this is in relation to but never lower the standards unless they are unrealistic
Do you still give Phil Ivey the respect he once had at the tables after being away for so long? And with his FTP ties?
Yep. Just one of those lonely days.
WOOHOO 90 LIKES LET'S SEE IF WE CAN GET TO 100!
COOL DOWN with an ice cold beer! Grab a Closing Time #hangover supplement from Spartan Spirits, Campus Corner, Sgt Peppers, or Stricklands!
have you heard? is reporting is at ballbark watching his new team. Says McCourt and Moores there too.
Brook Fraser- Something in the water
Not that anyone was asking, but our favorite student of Hogwarts? Harry Pizza.
Brass Monkey - junkie, that funky monkey In addition to being an awesome song, brass monkey is apparently also a bar in West Allis
