I love you so much! Wish me a goodnight? xoxo <3
#NeverApologizeFor saying what you feel. That's like saying sorry for being REAL.
I want to take VOGUING from BENNY NINJA SO BAD!!! errrrk you allotted "free time"
To all of my friends in Thailand:I am praying for u&wishing there r no more deaths or tragic circumstances for u2deal w/due to the flooding.
bacon apple? I just had it. Delish!
I tried polling people to see if anyone cared, but only responded.
keep the healthy fear and you will keep your digits intact!
trying to improve my potty mouth
Do you have a phone chicka?
hi ya, a black hole sucked me in for the past few weeks and spit me out in London. Finally I get to catch up w Twitter.
If you're doing things right, what's there to fear?
Sounds like it's time for an Airing of Grievances.
i want to love you! PYT pretty young thing.. need some loovin! tender lovin girl! aand i'l take you theeerree!!
Cheers to all those women who help make the world succeed Happy Women's Day!
happy birthday ♥
What are you doing to prevent gum disease? Co-Q 10? B vitamins? Tongue scraper?
How cute.... is trying to seem relevant
The good news - Harper is potty trained! The bad news - when she has to go # 2, she has to go # 2, no matter where she is.
sounds like a shitty city... well, at least not my kind of city.
yes absolutely :) and what time are we leaving for boozle I gotta tell my cousin ahahah
I hate it that this guy wakes up so late ;(
me too girl, me too.
RT : The AUC should have a big Easter egg hunt with scholarships in them...that would be epic
next year you can perform with glade ;) half-jk, i know nothing can replace cde! Merde!
I hate when people do that..like they're so stupid. Contradictive idiots.
I cannot believe I almost forgot to wish one of my favorite mama's a Happy Mother's Day! Hope it was great I heart you!!!
Satrapi doesn't attack the regime itself, she attacks social taboos that make it possible (micro political resistance, not macro politics)
Hate people that are all talk no action...!
Ughh. I wish I could just use Google Translate.
Has anyone noticed that the first inning is yovoni worst by far. Don't know the stats. Just observation.
well that's good :) i don't think prom is as big of a deal.as.people make it
#RetweetThis I can look in her face and tell the pussy good
Did Valentine confess his love for any dictators yet?
bring on Big Hurt
Oh no! Please leave feedback, happy to adjust if necessary and we'll check in with this driver. cc
Emerilware is all on sale at TKG! Stop by and pick some up for your favorite grad or bride!
Cruz over Douglas, Brown over Cruz. If PPR Celek, if not Ballard (but close to coin flip either way)
Show has been awesome so far awesome day!! 20 min to go!!
Just got back from shopping for ingredients for Sangria! It'll be my first try. Getting ready for #CincoDeMayo with girlfriends!
Will you marry me, Austin?♥♥♥
Howdy! Found you while searching for fans of Mass Effect.
Off to learn all about PMI's views on Project Time Management.
It's official, the NOLA Teachers' Gathering has been postponed. We'll be in touch with Swan River & let you know when they choose a new date
Beautiful month of Bliss... August. Happy new month tweeps!
Love it!! that was good and follow me back :)
Happy Saturday! Get out of the house and get your butt in here for dinner! Now!!! :-)
venturing out of Queens with Lena for the first time since Friday
not my favorite place, but for the UFC I'm in
I agree. Eddie. Murphry should do another stand-up show
More like "Revenge of the Fifth....."
Wow this weather < oh my fucken asdfghjkl I hate the wind>:P
Models imply that it is easy to determine who is info literate, regardless of subject matter, etc
Lavoy Allen's Playoffs have been a pleasant surprise.
RT : thank you for creating a dialogue for fathers and family awareness.
Sleeping with Jacobs jacket & my pillow pet that smells like him <3
I heard neck tattoos are gonna be very in this year
Ciao!It's monday! Put on your calendar Live at Jack's Patio Bar this friday Jannuary 8 2010 show start 9pm don't miss it!
Feeling a bit dizzy. Did someone tilt the planet last night?
hey next time I'm about to run an 80 yard touchdown don't run into me! do you remember that haha
I'm lit up like Project X in this bitch!!
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Born To Run
Well let's see if the eagles can lose another!!!
If you don't already, follow - she's been an amazing asset to my company and an all around awesome person!
Android coming so soon!
yea fo sho! Once my twitter starts wring again I'll follow u, my bad homie
This Damn dunkin donuts is so ghetto, they never have coffee ready
two car posts in an hour man! Back away from the jalopnik! :)
way to go #Daryl from PA!
go girls!
they better win Sat. And especially champions cup on 19th.
where You work at
Will there be signed pre-orders available again? Thank you - can't wait!
I'm jealous of my washer & dryer too. Seriously I have such a Depression era cheap mindset, I feel like it belongs to someone else.
Actually, some of those do help! Thanks!
Or Lewis Carroll w/o having tried LSD.
. is Twitter-posting archive items about Mike Wallace.
Oh Ok I'll Tell Him To Shout You Out On My Camera
Congratulations! RT : OMG!!!! I got a 1st 4 my World Cinema module! 1st first of my whole time at Uni :))) cnt believe it!!!
Hmmp. Cat missed me more than kids. 1st in after keydrop. Thinks wire on LITA badge are as tasty as wii wire...
There are times when I just have to admit that I'm a damn good editor!!!
A handy list of #thatcampphilly tweeps: /thatcampphilly (let know if you're not on it!)
i know... toys just cannot compare to cardboard and pine cones and ribbons. so why do we spend the money?
cool, cool, cool
#Avengers Time!! Out with ... About to get out total #comicgeek on!!!!
GOT A GREATDEAL ON TIX FOR FRIDAY 8PM TAC COMEDY WORKS IAN EDWARDS SHOW I,M STOKED,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Time to buy some Japanese stocks.
wats up wit a follow back
Great commercial from Focus on the Family. He did send His one and only Son. And His love is eternal...as is our life of we believe in Him.
Seattle is finally giving me what I need!!! What a beautiful day for time lapse :)
It's official! We're in Hammacher Schlemmer! Check us out at 57th street between 3rd and Park!
if defense wins championships, these two teams are all set
I haven't fallen off the planet I'm just spring cleaning my health.
but I do that all the time.
Ferd Hoefner (NSAC) most important statement of the day. Advocate (now!) to protect the hard-won gains of the last few farm bills.
Man McDonald's sweet tea is amazing
RT Too often the #CES exhibitor-PR relationships are broken. Why hire a PR firm to setup appointments that you don't keep?
I feel worthless to you.
oh no, I just wanna meet one direction haha, and idk how early people will camp out
-- Devin..give some some to the Big Blue Nation. Love tonight's show.
concentrate on the muscle(s) you're working during a specific exercise and don't allow your other muscle groups to assist
RT Music all day today! :)
What!! Why did they do that?! Haha poor meesha
Happy Mothers Day! :)
I love that picture SO MUCH!! Well, then, you come by it honest, I suppose.
Relationships fail because you're too busy pointing out each others mistakes and not enough time loving one another.
ohohohohohoh be my baby
Counting down the days until our next trip to Emmendingen in June. Then it's the Weinfest in August ... the place to be!
The things I say in my head > the things I actually say.
The man first tried peace treaty with Attila the Hun.
Home in RI for a while. Hope to get some time to finish my thesis and continue the museum-job hunt.
Can's wait to ROCK THE JUNGLE - LET'S GO KOMETS!!
word! I'm there brah. What time?
Hahaha love the news! This guy jut said "the fire was pretty bad cuz it was pretty hot"!! Wtf?! 🔥🔥
The only thing "liberal" about me is that I believe "anyone" can be a conservative!! Provided they have a brain!!
Having a superbowl party? I have superbowl cupcakes!
Now I'm on the line with an automated system, trying to explain that I want tickets to Sigur Ros. Unsurprisingly, it isn't going well.
im like so i dont even know right now haha
Reason 35: #indiana eliminated its state inventory tax!
Dwayne Bowe doesn't look like he could catch a cold today
Tequila is like liquor made from Christmas trees.
“: Join us for #sparkandhustle chat! We would love for u to stop by!” hey nakia! Sure when is the chat?
Where is the info? RT Still casting for a dating show for a WELL KNOWN NETWORK!
wtf is wrong with my life.
Yo Rubix, you guys are awesome & so much fun! Can't wait to do more shows together. RAWK!
Glad you enjoyed it! I've found ULD to be a key foundational step for success in B2B marketing
Congrats & the rest of the gang #wishiniwasincprightnow #bigW #RJBentleys?
Live you life to the fullest every day cause you never know when you'll leave this earth.
Be all that u can be...take vitamin C!!
New rule: no more than 3 tweets per day
woah, low blow. and most of my pics are of tim mcilrath
Did you catch him live or was that something on record?
you totally just made everyones day!!!! Hahaha (: x
You didn't have to stoop so low.
flixel is fun but they are to short...gifshop is...well an animated gif haha hello 1990
Watching the Immortals, getting dinner and then my bday party? I'm living the dream.
thanks! Come see us at Indigo sometime! We host it every Friday :)
is it that one girl who is totally hooked on you? I think she's crazy for you, bruh.
The mayor has declared tomoro "Indiana Pacers Blue & Gold Day". Support your hometown team and wear your blue & gold! Thanks !
Follow Back?;)
#WhatIMissMost my car. :(
Today is 's annual "clean your office day," which should be a quarterly event.
Free story idea: Roundup of non-state-run campgrounds & parks for people worried about a gov't shutdown.
Finally finished the invisible bridge by Julie Orringer. Where are my tissues?
WSPA juniors showing how #Sconnie nation can dance in Chicago
No i didnt, I was tellin you tht you were funny ( : Inna good way
getting ready for work. -.-
Lots of stuff to get done for 's birthday tomorrow
Leadership is getting others so excited about the view from the mountaintop that they actually enjoy the climb.
Im still in palm springs haha
she say se need a break then block him then go with another dude
“: I find muscular guys unattractive. I prefer tall lanky guys. #unpopularopinion” same here!
A horribly offensive ad hominem. And they don't get why! I think we can prove our #atheist points without hateful language.
1 season drops r tough. I think S2 of Arrested is great. Alias fell off a cliff, but after S2. Veronica Mars after S2. Glee 4 sure.
This is kinda awkward
Tonight is Aldine's 2012 Prom! I hope everyone who are going has a great time :D
NOT TIRED!!! but I need energy for tommrow...
Glad you liked the book, and keep up the good work with your students.
I've got that too! Four externals (one is for Time Machine backups). That's why I'm getting a 2GB drive on my iMac.
I say Phil and Josh.
and how about you what you doing
I was just picking it up lol
Entertainment/marketing/advertising
Theres a fighter in everyone.
awww :) i'm not pretty though xx
We've been so excited to share some of the new music with you guys. Maybe today will be the day.
Have I mentioned that is my Great Person Of The Day?
thanks for the #FF!
Time for some US Toy action. I'm there from 10am - 11am for autographs, pictures and tomfoolery. Come on out!
We will have game 7 of the #WorldSeries on! Come watch the game & get your party on @ at the same time! Who will you be rooting for?
Hey that's great! Bet you feel awesome. Running is such an important part of my life; w/o it, everything feels off-balance!
THE SCREAMER ROLL: Japanese HOT Mustard, WASABI, Asparagus & Tuna.
#GreatnessIs Achieving your goals:-)
There is a cheeseburger at cheeseburger n paradise called "back to the basics"
Gonna be a good game, especially as now we have cash and bragging rights on it!! You should come out!!
Dear chocolate "nutrition" bar inventor: Thank you for making my lifelong dream of eating chocolate for lunch a reality.
I can't wait till Spring Break 😉
Now && Then I Think Of All The Times You Screwed Me Over, Had Me Believing That It Was Always Something That I've Done .
"I try not to be too self examining of things I can't control. The thing I examine most on the show is the standard to which we execute."
Time to push a personal agenda. Don't cancel this amazing show! Save Dollhouse! Save Echo! Pls Retweet so FOX will listen!
work is not productive today
i took a nap for 3 hours now what......
Thanks alot bro! same here man, u cool, and i should be back lol I honestly wish i wasn't, i was jus teling that lol
Yeah, I've been reading Kevin Feige talk about AVENGERS 2 for weeks now. I don't see how the sequel talk is new news.
Off to visit the new Schusterman Library!
Don't know man. You'll have to find out.
Happy GIS Day. Heading to the NYC GeoSymposium. Presenting this afternoon.
You threw away a good girl for a filthy slut. Let me know how that works out.
If followed me I would be so happy. He's another of my many influences when i make music :)
Why do I always want to punch Mike Tomlin?
Rt me too
hey if your with amanda tell her to check her phone!
Possibly, definitely some fear for announcers, definitely won't see Gus Johnson call out Marvin Lewis
GOD DO I HATE MY MOM.
News: Detroit's own Jill Jack will be replacing Nick Urb at Michigan Tastes and Tunes on Thursday!
Oh, Thanks. I'll check it out.
lol u should come!:)
hey preston i was wondering if cod4 on mac is worth getting thanks!
yes come by every Friday!!! ;))
Thanks for the RT! I am so glad you are supporting me. I am working on packaging now and the kit should be available soon.
Thank you x2 to ! Girl, where would we be w/o you.
School tomorrow. EW.
Most memorable moments of #2011... shot a pheasant from 58 yds, hit a trifecta in Ireland, ran with the devil in Boulder City... great year
Since getting the new iPad, I haven't looked at my laptop. I've become a much simpler user.
August is here already!!! OMG!!!!
Fuck Dhat Bruh. Im Bout To Be On That Mario Party 2 Shit Bruh. Bro Im Out Deuces Guddnite Twitter Buddies. O.o
Aw, man. Thank you. Thank you.
I am, thank you! And how has your day been?
Thanks to you NCORE 2011 was our most well-attended conference for the past several years! Let's make NCORE 2012 in NYC even bigger!
degenerative disc disease! yay!
Shakes : chocolate , Oreo , strawberry , mint chocolate chip, coffee and kahlua just to name a few!!!!!'
cries because this is perf
get your license!
yes Lee does not pull punches
Hawaii friends! Check out Wendy Perkins of NPR fame tonight @ 5:30 @ the ground floor, it's her first showing of "Faces" her Hawaiian series
Friendly reminder as we're wrapping up the last week of programming for the semester. Financial paperwork is due by 5 pm on Monday, May 2nd!
M I just had a nutella bread 4 breakfast!!!!!! U should luv nutella!!!!!!
Coast2Coast Mixtape/Magazine Industry Mixer tomorrow night.
... Sorry dude.. Being in pain sucks..=(
Looking for my keys. Oh wait, the freaking Roaming Gnome had them.
from experience, I know the answer to this question is until it's time to do laundry again.
like asap! please :)
i told so we waitin on him lol
Brought apple slices for my 1 yr old on the car ride to my audition today and lo and behold my husband ends up eating them!
So she's a quitter.
ha ha wow yea rite!! Ese me scared
ugh im bored
To me it defeats the purpose of the testing which can detect problems in the curriculum & how it is being delivered to the students
Is reading #Eat, Pray, Love!
Hope to see you at the happy hour! RT : You should meet (our HR dir)! #HRFL11 RT : I'm at HR...
Someone has obviously confused busy-ness with business.
did you like the concert? :D
Buy SIX weeks by noon Friday for Monday delivery and you get one WEEK FREE Coupon Code : CE2012NYR6 (savings up to $210)
will be slurping down Guayaki's delicious mate at SoCap08 (they're our latest sponsor!)
I switched channels when they were down by 10 and just turned back. Wow. RT “: This game is LIN-sane!!!”
Fa real! Look out!
my parents are queens at making mountains out of molehills. and it always escalates to: pack your shit, get the fuck out. its getting old
Dear , I read 's great piece in the NYTimes. Too bad you're afraid of PR. All big retailers study customers; you do it best.
There are some places u play at that you feel like a guest.. others that feel like going home.. Today felt like home
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." ~ Anais Nin. Happy #TGIF!
I don't have school 2day haha!
Are you coming to tonight's game? I was just told a TV crew wants to interview a couple #NewPal students at 6:30pm.
Not yet becuz of banking issues, but doing this wkend!
Putting all kinds of hairspray and goop on your hair because it is entirely too frizzy sometimes.
Wrong turn 4 is tha shit they getting freaky on this bitch lmao
Glad you are enjoying it! RT : LOVE the #DowntonPBS Much better than this FOOTBALL moment
missing my boyfriend right now, just wish he was here
Today was amazing
"hustling at the beginning was paramount"
Did you know that companion rats enjoy Max & Ruffy's mini bites just as much as dogs?? We have a huge rat following - Love it!!
Second question: Do you have any experience acting in film or tv? If so, please explain.
Let's not forget to show the power of #Packernation and vote for tonight
Nice to see you this morning! It's been too long. You guys do a great job organizing the breakfasts.
The LGBT protections and the violence against woman act should be 2 diff debates. Both important but diff all the same.
Got new brakes now off home to take a shower and get ready to go get some chipolet with my baby Rufus *side looks bottle of tequila*
my liver is shot... But it was totally worth it!
Good job at flopping!
I wish we did
Just saw a cone man downtown! Lmfao hella cool:)
Best Texas quotes so far came from a sixty-year-old bearded man.
There's a ton of cutting edge tech here @ the CES show this year. Head is still spinning. Good showing by the photo industry.
RT : #Mobile Access – today’s students want the ability to access and study coursework wherever they may roam.
that was GREAT!
For some reason, I only know about the T-Mobile cell site conversions in southwestern Michigan, because that is where the calls come from.
Drive traffic by Blogs: Be sure to Post often and leave some posts in highly ranked blog sites relating to your business.
heck yeah! I feel its a bit of a maniacal laugh though. Muhahaha... :o)
Mitchell's Clothing
He single-handedly defeated communism. RT I wish I could have been at the Rocky vs. The Russian fight. Legendary.
Let's go
what's up?
I probably don't care about 3G. It's easy enough to download a day's worth of PDFs from dropbox while I have wifi and just go
Don't make promises you can't keep.
never take for granted the people you have in your life. keep them close, and hold on tight .
I'm allowed out starting this weekend.want to have a sleepover friday night since we have the cheer clinic in the morning?
Im gonna keep checking everyday for tickets on stub hub & other websites hopefully ill find something:)
you wanna switch??
yeah, it's looking more and more like i'm not going to wait 3 more weeks.
yeah dude I wanna steal the recipe for that shit fo sho god damn
Hi from across the street! You look good on the big screen!
STARSHIPS WERE MEANT TO FLY
Thanks for the announcement :)
This guy offered me chronic, and got prayed over instead! AGTG
No one is ever going to tell me i cant be a singer ever again
Thanks, Mark! Following back. : )
Hope: the general feeling that some desire will be fulfilled. Do you have any? Tell us!
the enthusiasm surrounding it reminds me of the monorail episode of the Simpsons.
Might have to take a trip to tha atl this summer
You need to DM me just found out you're in our hotel tomorrow! broadcasting live!
is that a rhetorical question?
Why She Lyin To Herself
Oh you make me smile :D -uncle kracker
follow me please?
I love all my twitter followers <3 You are all so sweet!
Every1 B careful this holiday season, Police got extra force on da streets.
Very cool, Vijay.
actually, no, but good math tho
jus woke up,ready to eat..
I love the 4 year old ranting. Somebody should hire her for her marketing ideas.
OMG I FUCKING LOVE lmao!!!:D
I haven't read it, but I've heard that it's a good read -- esp. if you like military history
How do we make kids more social readers
this friday actually !
It's a mix. I prefer having them come to me, but I keep them short. Atwell says go to them, so you can leave.
“: You'll get by, with a smile. #np”
The radio version of young wild and free......ahahahahaha
I just saw the Tupac hologram at McDonald's.
I KNOW!!!! It HAD to be a pantyliner! Sigh!
its a latino thing
Wish I was still on spring break
#CNN running a series on Perceptions of #Beauty which addresses both sexes. Via
With Thanksgiving over the holiday season is officially underway, begging the question: when is eggnog froyo arriving ?
i barely had the time to make me one
- it is because of you that I have this. :)
for sure!
The total cost of a full-time registered nurse at a hospital averages $45/hour, or $98,000 a year much higher than the average base wage
oh okay. I see.
~!__+. AVOID THE LINE... CUM EARLY....$2 DRINKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Anyone know why the sidewalks in #sanfranciso are #glittery?
Faith does not make things easy it makes them possible #Luke1:37
RT wish I could retweet that
I dropped a pickle on the floor when I was trying to get one out of the jar. Put it back? I think so. I beat the 3 second rule.
Indeed , how right you are.
how many people
the serious answers kill me, so it requires subtle trolling
nah ill stick with doing squidwards job for now lol B)
When I play basketball I do the Micheal Jordan tongue stick out lol.
son what you doing?
Economic history, or Religious History, or Social History, and so on. You might think of what you want to know or want to...
Awesome! I will cheer them on!
Want some Norteno? U got it! Dec. 23rd. Ramon Ayala!! Finish shopping & bring the family dancing.
Nothing says health and care like "federal mandate"
thanks for recommending us and hope we'll see you soon!
"Social support doesn't scale." Newsflash: phone, chat and email don't scale either.
R u @ Pinkberry (Dupont Cir)!!! WE ARE! Come on by and don't forget to mention "RPCV/W" as 20% of the proceeds will go to our 50th Fund!
Windshields were made to break a certain way in an accident, but only if installed correctly. Call Auto Glass Experts for more 414-409-7263
fuck you, ads.
oh shit! :O
you probable hear this a lot but your really cute!
WTF. Botdf on warped? Please tell me this is a fucking joke.
If someone ever says to you in any way, "ain't got no" just please stupid smack them
Nothing to do on such a nice day..
It was brought to my attention that my last tweet was offensive. I should be more cautious. D.A.R.E officers may also be woman. I apologize.
the goose RT“: for the first time! Wow its huge and great selection. 750ml Grey Goose $23.99
When Jesus died on the Cross, not only did He pay the price for your sin, it was also God's way of saying your life is of infinite worth.
Paul isn't teasing. He's speaking the honest truth.
anyone have an AT&T Microcell you want to part with? my service *sucks* in our new apartment..
you see that four headed monster in the storm loom snipe em from a distance the scope gotta long zoom :D
If y'all need tatts done hit up
Be amenable to the here and now so you can see the splendor that surrounds us and let it guide you to your Highest Self
If you want to be found stand where the seeker seeks.
Nokia loses mobile top spot. What&#39;s left?
Good! I Got A Medusa Piercing!
RT : I want a Lascaux Cave font comprised of berries, blood and the sounds of wild animals outside the cave.
Thx Susan Williams for leadership of ! Congrats to for taking it over! #Gr8tLeaders!
"You go to any university today & you are up to your ass in poets." Kenneth Rexroth, 1969
Rogers new book is a book of essays...
if i wanted your opinion, i'd of asked you for it... & since i didn't, please hush. :)
I feel like I've been in a coma for the past twenty years. And I'm just now waking up.
going no where fast we've reached ouur climax.
Do you let yourself experience the full, real you?
Listening to some of that NorthWestFresh while brainstorming -
Please tell Sue Moss to talk a little louder... we can't hear her! Love you Nancy - Check out
That was a strike.
Wow school is big haven't got lost my lockers on third floor all of my classes but one r on the second I am loving xc though
Goodnight tweeters 😄😜
If the running of the bulls is happening upstairs from me right now, I need to get out of bed and explore Pamplona.
we should talk to about doing a story after this. Lots of people need to know what we're doing.
damn I need like, a really cool famous white dude in my crew. Chris Pine? Channing? Nick Cannon?
If it doesn't make you happy, remember - life's too short. Take a chance, have a dream & don't waste love on the oblivious.
news that the world is ending > 5 missed calls from mom
LOL that's horrible. The next generation is so corrupted.
Got To Luv U
Alan just told me my hair reminded him of the Lion King. Lmfao, thanks . . .
you should've come to pitt too :p
Happy April to you!!
is amazing, i am now following the !
Was just hearing the same thing.
Really this guy thinks he is a tomato because they threw a brick at him and he started bleeding he said my god I'm a tomato
I did a search and found 1 of my relatives, so I checked 2 see who they're following, well I nearly died at all the food trucks listed!
What's going on tonight
check your email :)
go cultivate potatoes in that tractor lol
: Lakers or Thunder? Who wins the series and in what game?
I know the NFL, NBA, MLB, NHL... But what's the 5th?!?
My lifestyle is good
Sir Gawain and the Green Night Before Christmas
And parched .
don't you have hot friends, sheesh!
my phone won't let me respond to dms but you can ask her tomorrow, she has exams this week and she probs should stay asleep
I wanna workout right about now
About damn time!
MANvsMACHINE new tunes at 1500 likes! make it happen!
Why don't you find something to do! #lazy RT : Work is so slow. I'm bored.
Go #Colts! Welcome to our wonderful city of #Indianapolis Andrew. Looking forward to seeing you play.
I known:p & yes
she won't think you're stalking though. If you're doing it right. She'll just think you really like the food.
People are making new friends in our lounge, sharing health tips, talking about places to see/try in San Diego, exchanging info. ♥ the vibe!
/ - Have you been to a BTAN yet? If not, check out John's last tweet. You should go.
How am I gonna eat healthier when I am addicted to mr pibb? Crampin all through the 13.1!
A customer asked if we could sell his vintage car magazines on consignment; we had to explain that our name is a
The evening cloudburst seems to have run out of steam-Thank goodness! I'm beginning to forget what actual stars look like. The moon! Gasp!
HAPPY 4/20 TO ALL THE WEED SMOKERS OUT THERE!! HAVE ONE FOR ME!
people still use Google+?
no you wouldn't
You ARE! And GiGi's is AMAZING!!.! What city r u in? We have those in Dallas!
when are you moving ;)
She seemed sharp. I was looking through apps and thought of you when I saw a coloring one lol
Im so glad twitter doesn't go dead at night like Facebook does. I'd go insane.
Think I'm about to call it a night .
what's going on? Lol I'm so lost :L
Didn't she already quit?
WHAT? RT can you hear anything? Bet it was loud up in there :-)
playing poker
What if Bigfoot was just an alien. That would make so much sense.
Amen! : Let's end Alzheimer's disease
Where my 2 Shady Numbers at 💩💩
Thanks for helping get the word out!
Film: 8/21 Join us for The Life and Tragic Death of James Byrd Jr. followed by a discussion w/ filmmaker Spurgen Brown.
My next genius idea: tool kits for women that fix simple things women can fix. Pliers, screw driver, hammer etc.
aw rad thx for checkin it out! I'll be back in the spring, seeyou then
Oh, yeah. Maybe you should keep an eye on that neighbor.
#qft RT : If you're an attractive woman, it is statistically more likely you will die by Kennedy than by lightning.
Flight of the Conchords seems to be ruling my life. But you know what? Why the fuck not?
That awkward moment when your friend takes your iPod, goes to "Pictures" & sees thousands of One Direction photos & gifs...
Denim & Diamonds for Autism will be at the stunning Calamigos Ranch in Malibu this year! Outdoor reception. Indoor dinner and program!
All night guy didn't make coffee again? RT : LOL I have my order in to get some !
me: yeah, uncle Dave is pretty cool ... ;)
Thanks for the retweet!
Kevin Millar could not sound anymore like Adam Sandler
Parents are buying me dinner from The Ram 
stop being a tease.
"Sometimes Parents just don't Understand" - Will Smith #90'sHardcoreRap
It was! I have a pretty good memory. (Tho' my mom swears I loved Dark Shadows as a toddler and I don't recall that.)
i can't >__< , but after school tomorrow i can ! :))
Head down editing all day. I *will* get this query into shape.
lol ;') m nope i would love to share but this is soo good!
After an extensive search lasting most of my life, I have finally found someone who has eatin at
"That awkward moment, When someone yells at you for clicking your pen and you have to click it one more time to use it.”
Hilarious! I love it. My #1 influential topic is Indiana, and I don't live there anymore. also, must start tweeting about dogs.
Thanks for signing up for ! It's going to be great!
Thanks - sad but true. Go
did the ipad2 come in a box that just says ipad? or did you decide to upgrade?
Ah I'm back..going to work outside. I'll email you after done mowing my moss lawn!
you made me hungry for BaBar, going to take a walk over there!
Recording, Recording AND Recording this next week.
Depending on the lines you use, anyhow
princess rainbow..u look so pwetty :D
Rocked some NBA 2K12 last night and glad you guys got love on "Rock Hood."
no mater how much i do #FollowMeAriana your not gonna follow me :'(
QT : The greatest excuse for human failure many people call "god's will."(!!!)
Little Italy for dinner- love it
he's freaking hilarious. Lmfao.
How much do y'all wanna bet the media don't bother to ask Walker to prove he isn't breaking the law on his legal defense fund Wednesday
Is Pres Obama's Past Behavior when he was Growing up Fair Game as much as Mitt Romney when it comes to "Bulling"?
I highly recommend the movie 50/50... Great flick
We live in a messed up country on all sides. Most of the ppl refuse to accept the truth & reality. No where to go except down.
I always give her this face -_-
#fridayreads stops being fun when you haven't picked up a new book for months. I need to read shorter books.
Some things are just not meant to be fixed
"No matter how much success you're having, you can't continue working together if you can't communicate." -- Matt Cameron, Musician
Another reminder that every Tuesday and Thursday instructor Cara Legal offers classes in Capoeira from 6:30 to 8:30. $15 per class.
If you want to learn more about helping the people of South Sudan follow my friends and
so cute!!!
Did you know? Former President Sefako Makgatho, outlined the #African agenda of the #ANC as early as 1919!
I love beating attendance estimates :)
S/O to for the retweet in the pursuit of 300 lol appreciate ya #teamfollowback follow that man
Not feeling well as soon as I get home ima eat n go to bed showtime tomorrow catch opening for
I forgot was I speaking of cellular service?
I should have been more circumspect in my tweet, shouldn't I?
those are usually the ones that u never forget..hahahahhaha
My parents are so lazy.
no!! that's what's so terrible! so much amazing & delish food, but no cuban sandwiches that stack up to paseo yet!
ya fox won
I'm about to take bp for the first time this season. My ribs hurt already.
I know .
You're about fake sushi? Hope you get sick. 😷
yea. the joke is that she wasn't winking, she was just blinking her eyes. get it? that's why it's funny.
and I am a non Hispanic South Floridian , no way that bumb should not be on tv he needs to continue being a writer
TY! They say that the letter arrives when you don't expect it any more...when it gets cold...when it's raining in your world
Won $32 on I'll Have Another!
#BostonArtist About to drop an exclusive Memorial Day Mixtape with called "Match Up - Philly vs Boston" Tweet Me Music
Baby bears and red birds.
2nd time walking by a table displaying a tray of chocolate chip cookies
Hey hey...big bro this is my swagg buddy...she's dope
Being single has its ups n downs
Chis Dunlop () asked me to follow you.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you know how to shut the fuck up when you're told to.
. cannot tell the truth. Regulations under Obama fewer than Bush's.
oh shyy Ronnie
RT : Just got first place in the first round of elimination challenges! no idea what tomorrow will entail!
*whew* And thanks for the reassurance. What are your plans? RT : It is never too early to start looking forward to the weekend.
I love storms!!
Minding the Campus: What Will They Learn? Maybe Very Little! Wait, they CAN learn partying, drinking & accummulate debt:...
WE KNOW LOL
Even if what she sang was what she heard,/ Since what she sang was uttered word by word
Home sweet
lol you wash it though right??
We're glad that you're glad! :o)
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Make them feel wanted.
Lots of thrills and spills on set, mostly spills.
I had a chance to go through the yesterday. Very impressed. Leaving with lots of ideas for Carolinas Space Museum.
Why are irrelevant Swansea and even more irrelevant #LFC on the only other Fox channel I get?
NOTHING beats the adrenaline you get from really great breaking news. Amazing rush. Live for it.
Alright..this tired gal is clockin' out for the night. Hope yall had a fantastic day! goodnight to all you tweeting blue birds out there! :)
Welcome to the Twitter. You'll get the hang of this and be crushin it in a week.
In the grand scheme of life, I don't think 5 or 10 min has a large impact.
Shot in the arm
morning..I'm doing ok I guess what about you?
#ThingsIHateInTheMornings When you wake up early and everyone else is still asleep.
You know whats worse than mowing the lawn? Doing it in 90 degree heat
To the Media: Sandusky is not spelled P-a-t-e-r-n-o.
hey me and have the same birthday! :D WOO!
has the #platinumsuite prepped and ready for another session.
you crack me up, follow me :)
What are you talking about? I searched, but couldn't find info. Link? Thanks!
It's our favorite Austrian monk's birthday today. Let us celebrate by eating peas!
No text . no calls , nothing . But I'm still here thinking about you like crazy .
just said goodnight to the iPad. His generation scares me already.
Thanks , , , , , For your Mentions!! www.facebook.com/socialvideo
Does the Corcoran Group have any plans to launch an NYC group?
OMG YAY!!!(: You gonna do more AMAZING videos????(: follow please?
Hopefully this gloomy weather is almost over! RT : Gloomy day... Coffee & spa appointment will...
his words are like an electrical joint to my junk
It might look like we in love, but only on camera...
1 dollar?? In this economy?? :p
2011 HEAT Provider Compliance Training Adjournment
Could be a sweet marketing campaign :)
Playing at Boston Celtic Music Fest this Saturday night. Come by and say hello.
iPad typing lessons? There is an app for that ;) (us)
And Hopefully The Rain Stops Soon
Time to start my night. Fuck yeah!!!!
Who am I kidding? I still would.
where is my hairbrush! i love the "dance" version! now that i'm a parent, i appreciate veggietales even more
then you didn't do it right.
When your listening to in the car and your mom turns it up >>>
Anyone know of a good Asian Market in #ABQ ? Help!!
Everyone agrees Bernard Bremont champagne is the best
": wats up Sean" What's good homie!
Hi, I'm late to the party. Happy galley dance for FISTFULL OF COLLARS (chet & bernie) and THE ABSENT ONE by Adler-Olsen.
hey thanks for following! hope to see you at a show someday... :)
::calls for aid from Saint Marvin::
I would rather do something and find out that it was the wrong thing, than never know if it was the right thing.
Hope everyone has a safe & happy new years eve!! Bring on 2012!!! Love & blessings to all 8-)
Haven't tweeted in like two days, working like a dog!
Special thanks to those in 's car tonight blasting "Time Is Of The Essence" and singing along! That's what we love to see!
that's my whole point, it started with music and spread into a lifestyle that exists well beyond the music and its popularity
well, Boo, sometimes we just have to do what we can and live vicariously.
Grandmother has to do #KEMO.. ~_~ can only pray & hope this shit goes away this time! fucking cancer yoo... have to stay positive!
Beautiful day for a commercial shoot in Central Park!
NOW I SEE WHY WE GO CHURCH ON A SUNDAY, CAUSE NOTHING GOOD ON TV TO WATCH {'',}
i love your voice I know my style is quit different from yours but we should definitely come together and work on something!!
RT They can't pay off a campaign obligation at the WH, so their having dinner with the contest winners at Boundary Road in DC.
Search Laboratory Reports Dramatic Growth - MarketWatch (press release)
Hot dogs at Churchill are horrid. RT : DERBY FOOD: Approximately 142,000 hot dogs are consumed on track during Derby Week
“: that usually means the hot water stopped working at the girls dorms”//probably, but I live in Kings House lol
haha im bored r u
Oops accidental tweet
I don't care if he shot or passed, Lebron should have the ball in his hands in the 4th. Plain and simple.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives completely is ready to die at any time.
Agree! RT Thinks false lashes in a mascara commercial should be considered false advertising
Internet shopping is terrible because what if it doesn't fit you huh
Emma Stone bored of Superbad line
What a way to fuck in ruin somebody day...
You're the most awesome salesman I've come across in a long time! You should give a seminar yourself! I'd sign up in an instant
There wasn't actually a suggestion for new words, and it was in the intro so it wasn't discussed in depth.
Should have stayed home.
Right from the #howconference to #summerfest, I think I've been through some sort of cosmic wormhole.
hey Austin! RT for your Narnian Mahomies! ;) I love you! :D x
#icantstandwhen you get uber comfy in bad after a long day and then bam! You realise u forgot to turn something off! #bjj tomorrow
do u prefer boxers or briefs?
watching everybody hates chris. it is extra funny
Would you send your child to an F school? give these parents pwr in their failing status quo!
A cat's jaw cannot move sideways.
I gotta do some yoga today.
I can't believe that I only have 4 more days of teaching class this year.....Where did the school year go?
laying in bed watching movies, you?
You want to know what it is? It just might benefit u too...
In that booth trin to make a hit
National champs coming to town this weekend... You want to be the best? You gotta beat the best... 7PM Swope park, game of the year...
ol i didnt know u started giving it up ctfu
♥ how ex bfs swear ur world revolves around them. Used to love A. Keys's "No One." Ex bf: It reminds u of us? Umm, no. I just like the song.
yeah me to! i could perform it to a track
Shoutout to my followers that checked to see if I changed my number.. It's the same, I just didn't pay my bill lol.
What is important to you right now?
I'm still very professional about my fitness
shoes, socks, gloves, earrings, glasses, chopsticks
Don't get me wrong, having that ME seat in play is a nice surprise...but moderate, sensible pragmatism is a dying breed.
thanks man. We appreciate your time.
Challenge for the day: wherever you are, be there!
Theirs 7 of us and theirs 8 of them . so its not gonna work out -louis
Thanks again for coming out last Friday to DigiFest for the Colfax & 15th screening!
TIP OF THE DAY: It does not matter how good you are at poker. You can and WILL lose hands. Make sure you develop a thick skin when playing.
ha. Well played Vincent Charles.
- I love you <3
Terrific meeting at Center for Distance Education today. Digital matters to libraries and to online course design...
Where have the times gone,baby its all wrong.....
Congratulations to the BE CAMP VB (Playfit) team on winning first place (and $25k) at the
Ha, he said on the radio today that he was working The Adidas basketball camp in Bloomington.
Lol yes, everyone got in on the wedding! He was so happy, more pics on Facebook!
I don't put my location for my tweets unless I'm in a public place like downtown 😏
AUSTIN KILLED IT
yo text me!
the best god is a telescope
I use to watch u and vinny
totally agree.I have been guilty of spending hours watching them before. Metal ones are great because the kids get so into it
Congrats to team pro for his 2nd place in an event for over 9k
What is the purpose of an #education today? #educhat Are we truly preparing students for life success?
The Chihuahua has Long coat Long and soft to touch, slight wavincss permissible. Smooth coat Short and dense, soft to touch..
aww, what's wrong?
yeah, I'm with you on that. What a finish!!!
Having a tutor on such a nice day like this sucks
Grading "special" teams | Chris Borland squib kick return | Gets them back to "D" |
Box Office Guru Wrapup: The Avengers Stays On Top Still grossing far more than all other movies combined in its second weekend, the might
like the hat!
Right. It's like get a life. Leave me alone.
Wow. RT A swarm of micro-quadcopters j.mp/zn6zI8
do yk how much it is?
is my new BFF. <3 She's nice, and pretty, just plain out amazing. Like my other BFF says WE SHOULD TALK MORE!
Um...did I hear party in Atlanta this coming weekend with ?? Holding my breath 4 a response. I'm gonna die Yee!
Don't watch it then. Pacers & ACMs are on. RT : No 10 sec violation in women's game? Just another reason women's bball blows
I lost my phone, my car, and my keys that night. Can't say I miss it...
You and Funk make watching the Bulls so much fun. Thanks for doing such a great job day after day. Keep it up and Go Bulls!
I told our secretary that videos don't work through Live Meeting, yet my boss had her spend an ENTIRE DAY trying to figure it out
You're welcome! <3
Great Green Plumber video from WaterSmart Innovations 2011 conference.
Awesome! So many people to meet at #smacsrit!
#SuperBowl I said that Aaron Hernandez would play a huge role, and I was right huge play. Pats up 17-9.
One’s outlook is a part of his virtue. – Amos Bronson Alcott
I'm so enjoying myself! #while making money!!!
if meg sees this she should text me
Can't wait for the grand opening and making it down to the restaurant!
A band is the sum of ALL it's parts.
That hand is at 10/20 mind u, he basically makes blinds irrelevant with his raise sizes
I want that type of woman that's just as ambitious as I am, and isn't afraid to dream big and take chances.
#iHATE when niggas get ur number from the club and dont text til NEW YEARS...smh dont ask for my number fool
I'm gonna miss it today...bummer. Playin anything good? ;)
is it safe to upgrade my iPhone4 to iOS5 yet?
prouuuddd of you! :)
If only they'd gotten the out at first.
So my moms last name is the same as chachi 's expect hers ends with a Z not an. And I always mix it up. Haha
Congrats to and the rest of the dancers at Sara's! What an awesome recital :)
$9.99 for a copy of film's initial limited DVD printing. Get it now at www.allgodscreaturesfilm.com!
Walking to soccer in the snow with shades on
Ugh bathroom y u so far.
#Chiefs beat Tri-City in OT, 3-2. Mitch Holmberg once again the hero for Spokane. They take a 1-0 series lead. Game 2 Saturday at 7:05.
HAD A LONG DAY SMH NOW I'M TIRED
Use Art to spread your ideas and dreams! It's very rewarding.
Yup, LZ2 for me (1959 Chevy pickup), Tesla Psychotic Supper, Faith No More Real Thing, Dr Feelgood and Are You Experienced for me.
Wow! There is a lot of LOVE on twitter for ! Sounds like an amazing last show :)
Thank you! (:
We're playing an acoustic set at the grand opening of Lee's tattoo shop tonight. Come out and support! Details on Facebook!
People will not look forward to posterity, who never look backward to their ancestors. Edmund Burke
seriously i cant find u guys
y'all need to do one of y'alls originals during #12daysofburnham like GODDESS or GETTING AWAY WITH MURDER?! Please????!!
We're thrilled! And so proud of our children for painting those amazing birdhouses.
um I love you!
Davin and I used to have a mountain-climbing philosophy: "you put one foot in front of the other, until there's no more 'up'."
Best new motto : AWARDS ARE STUPID! Achievements are what's up. Can I get an amen?
Longest run ever today. Paying for it with foot cramps and a wicked sunburn.
playing guitar on my porch while it is raining is a sublime experience.
Not this afternoon game. WTAM only I believe on the Radio
There's a direct relationship between age and time one feels it's necessary to stand around w/ one's balls hanging out in a gym locker room.
Great podcast today. Nate was his usual weasel self but I thought you handled him well.
Ok. I'm home from an interview. I hope I get the job! I need prayers from my praying twitter friends please. Thank you.
never mind I'll find someone like you..:)i love you adele...♥
Thanks for the G+ comment. Have a great weekend, Ayush!
Friday night at the free library! About to hear Madeline Albright speak.
but I don't think it changed her mind at all like now we don't talk anymore
#FF me. Tell your friends.
tweet, just cause :-P
Dude wearing a confederate flag tshirt saying heritage not hate. Bro, your heritage is nothing but hate.
Walkers 2nd cowardly secret #waronwomen act yesterday: Repeal of the Healthy Youth Act. Teen pregnancies cost taxpayers $168 million in 2008
Wtf I am suppose to do!?
Would you care to carry us- think we'd be a great fit!
But how do you feel about the politician?
you deserved that tweet from Ari.
I love you too!
You only go to the best games -- and the ones that happen to occur in Evanston.
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 2
Your background is amazing.
I think I'm gonna get the black one!
sudden-death -- summertime
it was my granpas mom. My granpa that stays with us.
GAME DAY
Lol shut up
Saw the world premiere of movie "The Ride". Story of Amazing Race host Phil Keoghan and his 40 day ride across the US to support MS. Great!
am not! I know people that are almost to 10,000! I've had mine for a year about ish!
pretty good.
NP! Had the same thoughts when I saw that list this AM.
"You wasn't wit me shootin in the Gym..."
looking for a go-to contact from capitol heights, metcalfe park, and the sherman park community association. anybody got any leads?
The business holiday greeting card... e-card or USPS? Which do clients respond better to? Which do you like receiving more?
Want a mental image of a Romney presidency? Big corporations are driving the car, and we're the dog strapped to the roof.
eh, I've done it. At first all ironic and then....
We read "Room" by Emma Donaghue. Any suggestions from your club?
Masters is coming down to the wire.. This 13th hole will be big for Phil if he can pull off an eagle.
BFF: Best Fake Friend.
That Sasquatch appeared in the newsroom via !
Did you know there are now 13 Land Before Time movies? I didn't until just now.
You are an exotic creature of the night that needs prey to come close to your lair for the inevitable snare of sensual demise.
The text I just sent & lmao.
Dinner with my ladies at Edibles! Yum! Thanks !
Are you not entertained?
Sleep sleep z
You too!
no problem
was definitely where it was tonight! #loveandhiphop fans come back Saturday, will be in the building
Fahrenheit doesn't feel designed at all.
congrats on the contract!
CCDC approves design permit but denies land-use permits for #FatCityLofts residential-retail project forward.
Random tracks on RIGHT NOW. Request anything (if we have it), tell your friends.
i love this. you DO look so healthy!!!
Perfect day for blasting the Lauryn Hill and having a plant dance party on the back porch with the under 7 crowd...
RT : is interviewing President Obama today. Is there something you want him to ask? Tweet your questions!
ESM Client, CB Ron shines in private workout w Patriots...congrats RB!
Thank you Tony!!
The dragon has landed :-)
My girl Faith plays COD. She says it's a pretty good game so I may have to look into it 1 of these days. :-)
Good ole Monday! D: SO... hows your Monday going so far? : ) P.S Curse the stupid twitter bird that won't let me do equal or minus faces
Bachmann: Campaign Was 'Almost Mistake Free' I wonder how much she had to drink before she actually let that big whopper come flying out of
Watch the YouTube videos on it. Hilarious!!
In clingmans alone because I hate people. >:)
plz tweet me in the morning to wake me up
48 hours in #Venice, Italy in April: #conservators, what should I be sure to see from a #preservation or #museum standpoint?
My back hurts.
is the sweetest girl Ever! she is incredible, she is so beautiful, and talented, she deserves millions of followers RT :)
Thanks, and you too!
Just made some chocolate soufflés for David's birthday. 3 tablespoons of dark rum & Creme Yvette went into the mix. So good!
: yeah... so find old content block, clone, rename, change template, save. rinse, repeat.... 730 URLs left to go.
#BornThisWay This is your best child yet. <3 Love you so much! xx
Sometimes when ur not happy n your name means happiness, it pisses u off, maybe I'll tell people to call me by my last name from now on.
Snotty artists are snotty. Gotye is a snotty artist.
that's liberal math
Wow! They're really good! They each have great voices!! =)
Somebody loves you baby! And unconditionally!
It's "Go Home Day," so see ya later Canada! (Back to the USA!)
Thanks for following us. We hope to see you on Saturday!
Though You Don't Like Someone STILL GIVE THEM LOVE.. #LOVEisWhatItIs LOVE IS EVERYTHING..
f you think real estate, where in the world would you own a vacation home?
He is the only the reason why i keep wishing on a wishing star
If anyone needs glassware or dishes, lemme know ASAP. I have way too much stuff & it's otherwise going to Goodwill.
You're going to make me blush ;)
Successful doctor visit. If I could shout out my doctor I would
presents "The Anatomy of Harpo Marx" on 10 April 7:00 PM. Reserve your ticket for this free event.
'Mary's Kitchen' by Old Crow Medicine Show
#NowPlaying "100 points in one game now i'm in the hall of fame (live)" by on
It makes me happy to see other people happy.
Alles gute zum Geburtstag! figured i'd say it in german in honor of hitler.
Boston was good 2 me. Thank U President Jenkins-Scott , Pastor Crowley Baptist Church for your special kindness
Finals suck, but the time off after them give me motivation to study
Drinking zeke's coffee, eating good food and cuddling up with some good plays with . What could be better?
#stm2012 per Till, lots of errors in the citation reports for authors. Asks for ability for authors to auto-correct.
Come join us for our Nutrition Class 11a.m. - 1p.m. @ our Georgia King Village location.
Sucks for me.
the campus bookstore clearance is happening right now. wish i could get over there!
Thank you, I did. How's Idaho life? It looks sporting, to say the least.
Pilots score in the 33 minute of play....2-0 pilots.
after that mention u sucked me back in. That was cool. Well done!
Thanks for posting. I'm going to go out on our upstairs porch and see the show. :)
I think the pie store is closed & I'm all out of pie making supplies. Tomorrow for sure.
I'm ready to party like it's 1999 (minus 9).
We're using QM rubric with our online faculty for self-evaluation & improvement
good evening to all of twitter..have a wonderful festive evening!!`
me to
Don't get me started now
Hi, please follow me so I can respond to your mes..thx
why would u do a thing like that?!
2midgets got on the bus and I got off. can u say scared of ppl shorter than me.
Four Girls reunion in Pensacola, FL tomorrow!!!!
P90X all day
Happy New Year!! Wishing everyone Happiness, love and peace wherever you are!! :)
Clearly we have very different definitions of bullying, as well as very different definitions of reliable sources.
": Re Tweet if ever fucked in the Car !"
Oh. My. God. What a little humble brag 😜
OK, ALA peeps. Don't give me anything to do on Sunday afternoon of conference, after 1:30pm.
gd/MbrPbd is the daily action plan on 2+2 to contact the super committee, please tweet it to you followers.
we are playing tonight if you are still in town at the Hard Rock!
Great, I was hoping there would be a tribute! Thx for sharing.
What sickens me to my stomach more than cheating, is affairs in marriages. & then you find out kids are involved. Heh, what a shame...
so work on project, study, study, study, BED, yea my day sucks so far.
Am I getting bit by Mosquitos right now? 👀
Yes, your membership gets you 10% off running shoes and clothing.
For being lactose intolerant i do enjoy pizza. Even if it is cheese less.
how about a cover of "gotta be something more" I'm thinking yes!
I meant *in* the essay. Devil's advocate: maybe RK's post is separable from his criticism. (eg Mencken was a racist&antisemite)
I think I just heard one...
you wanna come..?
I miss you:(... Even though I see you like everyday we never talk.but yeah,thought I'd just tell you<3
I have one more video for you guys this weekend before exams!
So, that tornado missed my sister's house by about 5 blocks.
So thankful you and all HHS/HES students & staff ok. Didn't know T Albert was yr princ til saw vid. He used to be from up this way.
Ouch Norway is no longer trending but Amy Winehouse is lol
RT : Everyone go like our page on fb. Once we reach 500 likes (fans) we will give away a free photoshoot!!
How would you propose to bring to bear meaningful innovation to a bureaucracy such as the government when speed is essential?
on and the return of in the same day?! 9/22 is going to be amazing.
good call!
follow us i mean its friday so hook it upp
So the Assassins logo is all fancy. And health is just bars. And Desmond looks different. I hate this game! Just kidding. Good so far.
Someone needs to explain to me how co signing works
RIP to the one and only Teena Marie aka Lady T (1956-2010), you were 1 of a kind. Thank you for your love, your music and everything!
I'm so sorry! Text me if you ever need! I mean that! 👌
Watching Chopped makes me want to make a mess in the kitchen and set a timer.
thanks , it's ok
We miss you!
Yes he's good. Said he's tired of being at home though.
My bad...API limit had me behind. Hey Alyssa! Loved Who's The Boss when I was young!!!
Clouds are breaking and the sun is starting to shine in Seattle! WWC staff can't wait for the weekend and the Greenwood-Phinney artwalk!
As long as teachers give tests there will always be prayer in schools. ~
I'll see what I can do... but I can guarantee it didn't smell like a BBQ!
yes go see they movie ! It's totally amazing !
“: GAME DAY! is ready for a showdown, MSU! We all know who is the better team! #beatmsu” yep!!!!!!
I'm really not feeling today *sigh*
MODELTIP: Personality and Conversational skills count! Clients will usually book models who would be pleasent to be around all day on set.
Whatever else happens in my life, I'd one day would like to deal with a man who consistently answers the phone when I call.
Dr. Yasmin Davidds, my editing client, is skyrocketing w her Women's Institute of Negotiation (WIN!) aimed at empowering Latinas.WOW
#occupyaustin at #sxsw :: 4001 speedway, noon to 8pm :: in 1976 the CIA had over 400 operatives working undercover in the media
sounds like fun! They have pasta there so i know you'll be happy :) haha
The printer cartridge section of is a Kafkaesque nightmare of random letters and numbers and box designs.
i feel like life has my back right now
we've actually had some real, honest to god faculty governance issues we've been discussing. It's been delightful!
my closet door is open... i feel like someone is watching me...t(/.\)
Thanks for the input. Sounds like I should check it out. You participating in all the Cardinal revelry later this month?
Call in NOW! Special conference call with Call 760-984-1000 Code
What's wrong with you Earthlings?!..
If texting while driving is illegal, why would companies incorporate #QRcodes into OOH? Is camera function less distracting?
Having rest before New Year's Eve. Take care every1 ♥
#BlahBlahBlah that's all I hear right now.
New York bound. What a wonderful vacation!
Yes yes Lanterns@!@@
Blow Out SALE at www.bleachercreaturesusa.com 2 shirts for $20.00
Excerpts from 's story on funding (to follow this) and plan going forward to put more resources into
Our Town must be doing something right when an 18 year old college-bound go-getter declares "I'm in love with Vienna!"
lol, fine then. xP
..... What about What to Expect When You're Expecting?
Game 3 in Indy on Thurs will be a Gold-out...Gold Pacers playoff T-shirt given to every fan at game
wow! What conference is it?
YEAH me to
Yinz gotta do what yinz gotta do.
Hi Meelie - Happy Easter!
Stop comparing urself to the next woman n do u so u can be the woman being compared too
I basically had to drag myself back into school after off campus
all I can say is since #theoepstein joined NL Central, Astros, Pujols, and Braun are gone. Next on list is Zambrano. Go #Cubs!
#KOBE does it again #Lakers may not b the best team out west, but they got the best player still #KB24 always a chance when hes playing
That's a lot of letters after your name. Nice chatting.
“:Dear Angelics, You inhale.Sincere,Team in 1nd Place#bustedannaheimens” Nothing u say makes sense, but I understand all of it
#GetAustinToTheTop10 im heartbroken at the amount of EFFORT you guys are outting in to help Austin. Its disgraceful.
LONGTIME RHCP FAN!!!! YOU are an amazing drummer, which DUH you already know!!! Happy to be able to follow you! - Mojo
what are you guys doing? (:
Sam Logan was a friend, a gracious man, and a tireless advocate for doing the right thing. He will be missed.
I do, too!
My wisdom tooth is killing me
Volkswagen Reports 31.5 Percent Increase In April U.S. Sales - MarketWatch (press release)
thanks you very much.
#IveAlwaysWanted to meet Justin Bieber, Allstar weekend and Big Time Rush
watching #Twitter change the conversational tide from everyday things to #Osama has been quite amazing -
I'm not lazy, I'm just highly movtivated to do nothing!
rT:Buy 3 nike air yeezys @ $125 Always Forever! Get 4th pair Free! www.NikeAiRYeezys.Us ?Refer 20 Buyers!Get A Pair yeezys Free!
The Amy Senser jury room & the pressures that come with deliberating the case. What our legal expert says is going on in there. KSTP at 10.
Sneaky bitches see my sneaker stitches
> : Why is abbreviation such a long word ?
Can't stop coughing.
Keep doing your thing your gonna make it too!<3
Always have a deeper appreciation for video editing after I spend a day doing it
aw man, that's the worst. sick restaurant employees! but for the record, I was pretty sick, Curt!
Goodmorning social butterflies- OOP! i mean goodmorning social birdies! :) how is everyone??
Reviewing my notes on Everything is Misc: "YOU! You're the one telling my students everything on the net is open to everyone everywhere."
All the bees are getting at you cause your honeys sweeter :)
Merry Christmas everyone!!
Oh you think your all that??
#ABC special report with President Obama from Afghanistan on now
You are coming to the teach-in on Corporate Welfare, Ms Tiffany? Yay! Looking forward to meeting you! Memorial Park, 2/11, 2pm
will do!
It can't submit data that far from its base station. It tracks the data on the device and transmits it when you're back home.
Dude, I would watch that show! RT : ESPN's new racing-based reality show, "The Ryans." Make it happen.
I.will, tonight under the moonlight Lmfao! I can't with myself
Mass Effect 3 Fans Stage &#39;On/Off&#39; Campaign
have a great wedding, Claire! Can't wait to see pics :)
When you kiss my I feel like my feet will never touch the ground.
Super-fun seeing you too! Have a great rest-of-trip!
If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we'd all be millionaires. - Abigail van Buren
Hmm. Couldn't sleep much last night. And now I feel like I'm high...
so.. So exhausted
Nobody Ever Knows What I'm Thinking Or What's On My Mind..
Bro, was that you singin on "Welcome to H-Town" on Lecrae's Church Clothes!?
Thank you! RT I was just admiring a copy last night in - love the layout/fold etc.
FRIDAY! finally. almost april :)
If you know the thread count on your bed sheets we're in different tax brackets
thanks bro
You're the best, Tayari! :) Hope all is well. Let me know when you're free & can meet for drinks! : )
ok lets get it back U
You always creep when I'm about to go to bed.
Mb is killing me specifically cuz Ray Ray was tripping over tht bag of oat meal
My 11:11 wish is to have RT this
nope :) dude dude dude dude :)
I've had the best 8 months with and there are a lot more to come 💗
I've just been arrested by the sex police. what horseshit
getting mixed and mastered be out soon.. T1 made the cut!
I love getting to the office knowing I got a stack every Monday waiting on me.... #?
Oh no. I think I'm obsessed with your company as well!! You're precisely what I need for an upcoming tradeshow! I'll email you :)
got my tix for Madison show! Can't wait!
1994 winning San Diego Chargers team seems as cursed as were actors in the film The Misfits.
One of my best friends got married today! Congrats Kindal and Aaron Haun!
May we all unite on this topic and its impact: TheFatherEffect.org
THEY NEED TO BEAT WATSON ASS IN THE LOCKER ROOM
That one person that always puts a smile on your face >>> 😍
hmm, maybe "digital methodologies"
Glad you liked our infographic, thanks for sharing!
I honestly dont know where haters get the balls to mess with Justin. I mean have you seen how crazy Beliebers are? We're fucking crazy.
thanks for spreading the word. Cell phones can also be donated through our site to an organization of their choice
absolutely =) hahaha, I didn't know there a part missing, the best part no less! Thank you!!! Have a MOST wonderful day! <3
Get your tickets to Wells Fargo Here+Now 20Twelve! I'd love to see you there! Its gonna be great!
#tshirtquotes - I wear the brains in the family; Is it so.. :p
We love ! Be sure to check out their music Chick fans!!
i been followin you
After 7237 tweets - mostly in 3 days - it does leave Twitter a bit echoey.
: Obese people often have a lot of starvation symptoms. Malnourished.
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
How many times have you made yourself small enough to fit into a role that you wanted no part of?
thanks Jenn :) nice to see you to
Just got the second pass of my new book, I'm A Good Dog. I'd forgotten all of the back and forth that comes long after the book is "done."
Not all those are avail. though. Just the ones I mentioned, plus...
How Stella (Alyssa) got her groove (voice) back.
getting ready to start back working
was great to see Tito at the ceremonies yesterday...I know I already miss him, he was/is a respectable guy, deserved better
What if we've never been to Memphis? Will you ship random people classy stuff?
Rik Hauptfeld states that his primary function simply is D7!
All I want to do is get a new tattoo and go to Disney *le sigh*
heyy there beautiful(: how about a follow back?
World Series Of Boxing Tonight! The Fillmore Hotel Miami, Beach 1700 Washington Ave. 7:30 PM ET CONTACT ME FOR MORE DETAILS
You rich fucks need to suffer too.
lol He out there in May ! He said if u gnna cash out with him when he go out there lol !
What's being said?
I'm impressed that you read to the end :) I do what I can for the poor battered souls at Bain Capital...
Going to get some tomorrow! :3
Awesome! RT : we're a retro drive-in theater screening classic films! We open in San Diego this summer!
Then everything I own, I'd like for it to be auctioned off and all proceeds go into my sons college fund (one that only he can touch.
i think the middle shapes are sleek, & the others hint of S&M in an oddly fascinating way
Train left 20 minutes late and smells like hot dogs. Yet I have maintained my decent mood? Who am I?
Never made it to the gym yesterday so I better get a move on before procrastination steals the day away.
RT : So what #cwcon tweeps are going to ? I promise to hang out more then!
change your password or something. I got a spam email from you.
That was a little awkward.
that's good. What did u do?
I used denver on #NBA2k12 las night for the 1st time....was killin it! Bout to hop online & whip some ass!
will accept Best Short in Children's Advocacy for GRACE ! Akin to great films like Garbage Dreams & Wasteland.
When your God is great, your fears are not.
Hawthorne Global Aviation Services Opens FBO at MacArthur Airport in New York
Feeling stressed? Come in for a quick or long massage to help soothe and relax. $10 off coupon on www.massagedc.com for newbies :)
Not gonna lie his eyes were pretty glossy... Can't believe I met Doug
!!! RT ": Not a people person, I get annoyed too easily."
Hope those at table with #LAUSD notice - vote was 95%! Stay at table until some sanity can return to teaching under !
Anybody know Alex Grubard's twitter name?
Absolutely. It wasn't until I traveled up there that I realized how much is at stake. In my opinion, not the right place to mine.
Good thing I wore flip flops today...
Word. RT : Thoughtful column from the City of #PDX's Rob Ingram in new ! Nicely done, Rob.
clearly ! but that was the aim for the show no bad real life experiences
its EASTSIDE we in this bitch
is elles papa morgan still living?
Not gone happen!
no link!
Horny! someone talk dirty to me(;
Had tickets, but have to work. Everybody's here and I'll have a nice view from the KING5 sports office.
i have to keep it together like i always do. one day im just going to break...
like adele she is fantastic! I love rolling in the deep its a song I would sing to my ex
awesome news. Let us know if you have a hard time finding classes. Look forward to seeing you on stage at commencements!!!!
They look very Halloween-y. They're perfect.
hjdfshkjsfg get on with it
what was the name of the guy you suggested I reach out to?
are they winning?
If you can dream it, You can do it! Good luck to you!
how long do you think it would take to make the sets into one set?how big would it be I make them a little bigger everyday
The Signature Team had a great time on Saturday! As well as at Linda Waymire's "Unforgettable" Thanks for having us :-)
Gonna miss as a #blazer!
Looking forward to helping students use Bboogle.
Happy Sunday !! Miss your sweet face... Xoxo
Rt if you wAnna see my butt or boobs ?
Ok what the fuck my mentions still don't work
Congratulations to all of our graduates!
its ugly
Prob altho I've never had a Taylor station. (remedying now!) have u tried Spotify? I don't really understand it but might help?
I have high hopes for you , don't disappoint.
You guys are Way Cool!
Just curious: What fitness events are you signed up to try in 2012? 10k? Marathon? Tough Mudder?
how so? Because I'm cheering on the Kings considering the Blackhawks are done....? By the team the Kings are playing?!
JT: You don't have to put everything in the trash, you can recycle. Earth Day is coming soon. I just wanted to tell you about that.
& how long did it take before erin ran off with it lol
We are thrilled that you enjoyed your stay. Thank you so much for the wonderful review!
::prays to Road Runner for guidance::
winnin how u been
first thing that popped into my mind too..
This aint your fathers country band!! Get out here Friday night! Bowl Hi Lanes Huntley!!
#operationsweetleaf targeting multiple addresses on #potbust. We're headed to one location now in Adams County
Why is everyone so crazy
amazing picture! RT opening party was a success, congrats & co. @ 1871
And out just as fast. Using Yardsale was such a pleasure, and a big improvement on Craigslist.
You people always trend things when i'm either sleep or in school.
Value the people who sacrifice something for you, because maybe that something was their everything.
This is the month we launch Dove Style Magazine-Great stories about and many more!
Watching my boy killing it with on #bluebloods He's playing a shady jerk. Just like real life!
I don't get how people do that - I get dizzy
My old beat up truck is down...gotta go buy a car today.....or a mule
