I know how you feel on that one :/
As a marketing guy . . . I find people love this stuff for their kids. You were a baby trashbat once, right? For cool parents?
xD I LOVE your icon.❤ Harry Styles is mighty fine! c;
Headed to therapy hopefully I can return back to work in 2 weeks...
$890 later, I have my car back & will be eating strictly ramen for the next 6 months.
I'm about to nap on the sofa behind I would like you to make me a blanket with WPGC t-shirts and shoosh people who walk by
I don't care what people say, the rush is worth the price I pay
Thanks for the follow - love your work.
has as many rings as lebron, last time i checked
dude im bored! I hate waiting for jesus :/
oh yeah. of course. It wouldn't be awkward at all. lol first I have to show my mom how to work my phone & then watch her make
Having a blast outside Wrigley! For fans looking for love this season, coming up I'll have their plan to turn singles into doubles! :)
#Clemson McDaniel is a beast... #seeya Milton "walking turnover" Jennings
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! YOU ROCK! :) <3
We're rooting for you Connor! NZ is fantastic and the kiwis are amazing! When you aiming to head there? Next year?
Bored in queens. Not sure what to do with myself.
Take the Picky Eaters Quiz Coping with a picky eater at home? Wondering what you can do to make it better? Take my picky eaters quiz to d
Oy just let the kids write and tell them to do it every day and tell them writing (for yourself, first) is most important
well, hello!
....I'll definitely ne sure to say what's up
Sure sign of nice weather.. I've switched my Skinny Vanilla Latte to the Iced version :) great afternoon treat!
RT : Share your #breastfeeding through #WIC story to help other moms get the support they need!
Looking forward to the Hawks taking a 3-1 lead on the Magic on Sunday night
#aam2012 and, true to form, technology fail at a tech event...
it's a pre-pack to ship monday (po was closed already). thanks for being a customer! enjoy!
That's the good stuff.
Hot sake!
Ladies and gentlemen, it's Tebow time.
Somebody text me like right now! 😂
Needs to get baseball pants. Double header tomorrow. Time to kick some ass.
God bless you.
RT : Today was just no one's day.
Yeah, it's nice...and I've definitely been spoiled by it. Don't see how i can ever live outside the city again!
Have no fear #Clintonville! We're sending a photographer to shoot the invisible thing shaking the ground. See any damage? Let us know.
#TeamUnchurched all weekend!
Fabulous shopping time :) ready to start training for the Color Run
Join us tomorrow for #MarchMadness! Winning bracket receives two tickets to Opening Day!
cool but im not takin it to school tomorrow cuz i dont wanna lose it again
nuth.n much been grind.n mama hows life on urside
sorry for the slow response! I think we'll have at least a little wiggle room tonight, but either way, hope you'll join us soon!
ULEC Holiday Food Drive for Seniors! We're collecting donations till Dec. 21st! Give us a call at 973-624-9535 for more info.
Lots of fun educational data to play with at data.ed.gov.
#Question Who is your favorite Thunder Player?
Spent all afternoon with my bird Johnny Walker instead of Puchy. Johnny turned out to have more personality lol
finding AWS DynamoDB table querying (and scanning) to be more difficult to grasp than expected; using AWS .NET/C# SDK
that's pretty much the best thing I've heard all day.
I hate when that happens to me. I do have Tebow on my bench so that must be the reason why I won.
#MittRomneyFilms: Mr Smith's Job Goes to China.
Alright there was a groundball the ball hit the lip of the grass and nailed me right in the eye
“: You learn from mistakes.”
someone tell me why I just got into it wit a chick for findin a pic of in my car. that's my sis, how it get in my car tho?
hey sexy
If she still refers to her vagina as her "front bum" #shestooyoungforyoubro!!
I'm just happy to be of help.
We had to pay respect! #RIPMCA RT: : Jammin' to Beastie Boys!!! thanks
#congresslunch why does it cost 2x more for healthcare in US than Canada? Want a bipartisan health bill #isitpossible?
That sounds nice. You'll enjoy them if you do get a chance to see them.
good night :)
Just got Terminator Salvation. I thought it was pretty good. Are they going to make a sequel to this thing. Anyone know.
Sometimes I look up at the stars and analyze the sky And ask myself was I meant to be here...
Indeed I do“: #IfYouKnowMeWell u know i drink a jack and coke...”
Where you going?(:
#smwpolitics: shifting focus on internet from pages and brands to people; . as an example of this trend
LOL... I wondered what that was. Maybe The Hold Steady had been shifted to the basement of bands.
I feel like telling people that no one likes them and to go away, instead I take the more passive agressive route and slowly destroy them :)
Sounds like it was a good chat! Thanks for keeping us filled in via Twitter.
i get 's tweets on my phone because she's halarious and i have a twatter crush on her. yeah i'm a creep. So wut
Until you actually meet Jesus, all you have is an opinion.
share it now :)
Diversity Platinum Members!!! Book your cruise or vacation with The Travel Shop/Cathedral City Ca and get $10 off per night!!!
Happy Presidents day! In honor of Presidents Day get 25% off your entire order just use promo code "PRESIDENT" today only! Pass it on.. :)
wondering if I can order a "cupcake" inspired basket? Might you do another custom chocolate cake life candle? suggest room and tarts?
Dear Back Pain, I'm only 29. Fuck off.
Adoption scam victims tell of loss, heartbreak as two are sentenced - Kansas City Star
dishwasher safe... Other than that, your world!
Some guy named Boy Toy Jesse. Classy.
why cant all of you girls go?
And cash only!
these peeps are almost better than bacon so
Cigars and palm trees.
Current events can help inspire and make research instruction relevant.
Bracing for a week of madness: the Detroit Auto Show, followed immediately by the Consumer Electronics Show.
"You are part of the human heart"
At least he's trying harder than he was vs PAC.
I'm guessing the last after that slide.
So, now that Christmas break is almost over, I'm ready for Spring break. Hahaa.
I love both Betty and Lane and hate Megan. Don is faithful sure but just as alienated and alone as ever
haha yeah..had to slam on my brakes
I'm on board with the sentiment. Have they ever been "exciting"? Maybe it's the name, or the colors. Or....?
I'm transcribing an interview and I still don't think I sound as Southern as y'all make me out to be
Happy Valentine's Day!
I'm kinda flattered that my agency considers me All-American. 😏
He was violently killed, in my place. Yet death was not the end, even death could not overpower him. He is risen, & because he is, so am I.
No idea what "black tie" means in Denver.
Working on presentation and paperwork. Arg does it ever end?!?!?
happy birthday to you 🎈
me too.. hopefully he is out here for graduation
It's 1/2 hr limit in the Children's Room - not 1/2 hr, wander around 5 minutes and then another 1/2 hr. WHEN can I start culling?
Just picked up the latest ...can't wait to sift through this issue about 6 times
And here I thought Lynn Marie Latham was already Lynn Marie Latham gone mad!
Sad to hear that Dick Clark has passed. May he rest in peace!
fab thanks, you might get this bottle of wine yet!
And it's spirit week just kill me now
“Amazing that the human race has taken enough time out from thinking about food or sex to create the arts and sciences.” - Mason Cooley
"irregardless" is another goodie...
nothing.. wishing something.
90 min talk to neurology on apraxia of speech. Feedback: more sound/video examples and less SLP lingo...quite helpful
Great drive, bs penalty, great D. Nice win Brownies.
Thanks for the tweets! Now that I know how to use (most of) the buttons, I'll start promoting myself... gotta build that base...
I toted my little dog zero everywhere no body gave shit
love you too big boy. Let me know about that job down here!
"one of the most loving things you can ever do for you child....Is WAIT to have them."
I totally loved getting spit on by fat bitches at this A Day to Remember show, fuck that.
"You will never change your life until you change something you do daily.” ~Mike Murdock
Haha...having trouble sleeping? Sorry ):
Celtics are up by 30, why are Rondo & Garnett still in? Can you say injuries??
Gettin' gas. Ain't nobody got time or money for dat!
You know you have great friends, when they come and bring soup for you!!! :) :)
you're a day late.
We're all in this together 
": If you eat pussy or suck dick thats cool cause its only oral sex so its natural"eat pucci all day
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT ARTISTS!
Our artist lineup is growing everyday check out the new artists with Poised Creation.
Get drunk and do whatever you want. Except be an athlete. Oh wait.
computing as a service
forget #ff i saw woof to my new people friends!
Who saw this coming?? #49ers!
just remember.."whatever happens in Vegas..." haha.. have a good time ;)
Just chillen at Figo, waiting for the gf to get her hair did
It sounds like they pulled a #scam on you. Thats #fucked up. #Shout out to you sexy!!!
there are a lot of retinal holes in the library today.
They'll be issued via a dual rookie redemption program in those three products.
Shamefaced that I failed to note the excellence of all the others mentioned in your #FF. Thank you - now following!
Our cereal supply is running low. Please help by donating cereal or hosting a cereal drive! RT and help us feed Portland families!
now will get ripped like john cena and we'll know the world is gonna end lol haha
weight room feels god
We'll be open at noon today for Longhorn Gameday. Hook em!
RT : Pleased to be endorsed by Greater SA Builders Assoc. and Boating...
Haha! : Watching #discovery fly over Capitol with House staff. If your boss is against NASA funding you should have to stay inside.
I am Noie and i am Ems is this is Noie & Ems show !!
Rebel Without A Cause, I try to imitate life
Want to let students print FROM anywhere, TO anywhere on campus & reduce paperwaste up to 80%? Ask us about Pharos MobilePrint 800-583-TRAC
#CloudExpo floor is now open! Stop by the Terracotta booth (#217) to hear more about customers who are using our technology in the
I am, oh 4 years late on this trend, but I just downloaded the Shazam app & I love it.
Don't wait for something big to occurred. Start where you are, with what you have, and that will always lead you into something greater!
It's a bit of a trip but worth it :)
makes the world go round. i always like talking to her
Durant with a manly dunk.
same. Damn you, socializing!
wow. “: There are men in Guam whose full-time job is to travel the countryside and deflower young virgins.”
you're not a 'bad bitch', you just look bad, bitch.
I love with all my heart
It is the neglect of timely repair that makes rebuilding necessary.
yes ! and at the one in New Jersey randomly enough, both were awesome
Check our Saturday training at www.whylightyear.com. We decided to have a WEEKEND Contest! Join the company, and be eligible to WIN $100
absolutely - was a great #itchat today! lots of learnings about #sustainability in business.
We better get pics of this Kogan date.
hahahaha i love it too!!! :)
My TL really cracks me up >:P
My maintenance guy told me I looked fat. "Gordita, I'm sorry but it's true." I guess he's seen me look better, through my blinds.
Ciao Italia! I have been to #Sanremo before,one day i wanna join the San Remo Festival!
Hi, Steve! How's life in Baltimore treating you?
Not feeling so hot. Which sucks cause my birthday is on Saturday. I better not be getting sick.
K.g to high lol
because Blacks and other students of color are likely to be impacted the most
At Capitol wondering, "who is Walker's puppet master?" He's not bright enough to get this kind of publicity on his own.
Gonna sit down and eat my burrito.
Looking at Adam Sandler's recent movies, my guess his he has to be broke
Hunkering down for the storm.
Get off the GD radio and come booze
Booked Thursday night ,and wednesday night. Practice today
GAME ON! volleyball in Dolores Park tonight! 6pm be there
I've said it 1000x before but I'll say it again, I really hate Beverly Hills.
Burning up.\:
Brothers FAX group Yvonne
": REVENGE TONIGHT #finally"
2 ceremonies in one graduation lawdd ,i might as well get comfortable...
Good morning all! It's finally Friday!
It's been a while since I've yelled at the radio but that idiot you just had on really brought it out...
Newt Gingrich is awesome America, he would have my vote
WHATS GOOD WITH YOU LADIES TODAY?
That looks about right...
"love it will make you a man-it will make you a child again".....love that song
eWW dont go say you hadda make up something else and take it during class
well, there are certainly some "Beebe folk" that I wish to cross paths with once again. :)
late to the party, but thank you!! very cool.
I did NOT want to get out of my warm comfy bed this morning!
the one at msoe on March 4
I'll be the guy standing next to
CEO Neil Portnow kicks off 54th @ Grammy Glam kickoff. Fantastic slate of events for 54th Grammy week celebration!!
See you at the #Blackboard client appreciation party. Loews hotel 2nd floor.
I good person to know!
League of Legends: The Harrowing Trailer
♥ Five card poker on Saturday night, church on Sunday morning.
true, but it's better than that first LSU-Alabama game which was no offense at all.
Great night on Beale! The Blues World is here for the #BMAs! Awards tonight. Had a great time with at Boogie
Guess you will be getting the Herald coverage as is coming down there
“: Would ya look at that”
Working on it. Lot's of good costumes.
I thought Gryffindor at first too, but upon rewatch, he's definitely a Ravenclaw.
great meeting today at pinkerton. Very effective for #nh #film community
So darling hold me closely tonight
Thanks for the heads up. Not sure what happened there.
825 feet of tunnel = A deluxe commuter bike for ever Seattle adult (475,000 bikes). www.tunnelfacts.com
Lol. Just keep watching
I was a big Beastie Boys fan growing up... RIP Adam Yauch and fuck you very much cancer
Shoot, I entered! Gas is KILLING me (and I don't mean softly!)
I love Top Chef... until someone gets cut and they show it. Why?
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0486
In Kingston. That would be great if you could do it before I leave on June 9th
Happy Friday Huskies! Good Luck on your Finals!
Brees' hairline may be fading, but hot damn his his game is ON! Watch dat ass Pack!!
Matthew Trump~ Diplomacy is the art of knowing what not to say.
Exercise Tip Of The Day (week, month, year, life): EXERCISE! I don't care what you do, but find excuses TO exercise. -Zach Marcy
boat looks sweet! I see Alec is baring some bare leg! So glad you got on the lake.
Tweeps! What are your favorite moments from this season so far!?
Ha all good. I sent the email. Excited for football season!
Ignore the messages sent out by the people who hacked my account. Unless, you know, you want to apply for a job at a Japanese paper company.
Breath awareness/breath control is the most important aspect of improving emotional intelligence.
And also the fact that audiences are diverse
I see Jennifer Lopez got good tips from the good sis Katy Perry on how to secure a #1 spot.
Follow back gurls
Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful wife! Thank you for being a godly woman, a Proverbs 31 woman. I love you!
Got a girl named cigar call her that because she Cuban
It's my birthday! Show me love!!
Wishing good luck today!!!
On the train enroute to the Clinton Global Initative in NY. I love the train gives you time to think. Think? Really? Try it
#TrumpDayHumpDay #FunFact Did you know Donald and I have the same hairpiece? The difference is that I use mine to clean golf balls
There was Shem, Ham & Japheth. There are Caucusoid, Africanoid & Mongoloid. if UR Black, how can U say UR not African?
Had a great day at work. Seems like every child made great strides today.Even my reading intervention groups were clinging to my every word.
Totally agree. RT what?!?! funny thing is, I'm more bothered by other adults on planes than by kids.
Tara's toes and nails >>
but your still gonna like justin right?
we are so not like those other girls lol! especially not the "fake-baked drama queens"
Today's starting to kinda suck
thank you :)
Oh Twitter, thou simplest and most sincere of social networks, I give thee praise.
Says Music Business is '90 Percent Business, 10 Percent Talent' & Lindsay Lohan is Suing again,Saying He won't Stop harassing me
VIDEO: Son of Jim Bakker Enters NC Gay Marriage Fight
#FIFA #WorldCup WEDNESDAY: 07:00 AM USA VS ALGERIA ENGLAND VS SLOVENIA
Huge win for Nico!
Skipped the party. Got interviews @ work in the am.
“Never allow a person to tell you no, who doesn't have the power to say yes.”
thanks for the RT. it really is my friend <3
And we will catchup with , who helped captain the USNTDP U17s to gold in Russia.
Taking a much needed break!!
We have the new iPad in stock in both Millersville and Lanham. Call to reserve yours! 1-866-MAC-MEDICS
Follow Giftedchic and I will def follow u rite back ;)
what an awesome view!
In its latest edition, the Chronicle of Higher Education listed PCC as the 19th largest community college in the nation.
Like I said, do stuff you're proud of and not feel pressured by us. By the way, stop coughing! You need to feel better! :P
Bob makes good point about landmarking as a misused/overused tool. Lawyer suggests it's used as a runaround for zoning law.
you should have!!!!!
Why Aren't You Living In San Francisco, If Your Bio Says You're Living In SWAG CITY?(;
get them often or something?
hello hope not annoy. please read my message and I say follow me I know I'm one more but I need to tell you something.
Back in Plymouth.
Building lending confidence at Urban Partnership Bank - Crain's Chicago Business Job: Chief credit officer at Chicago-based Urban Partner
:D My name is Joey Raschke!
I don't like bloodclaat fake bitches yo , yal don't talk to me or look my way please
Getting offline to play Roller Coaster Tycoon 2. (:
truth hurts. So does my butt depends on the tp I use..
Love is being stupid together.
when u RTed im single and ready to mingle i thought they broke up and i went crazzyy false alarmm lmfaoo
The junkie tenant that I've evicted was shooting up in front of my house. It's either get the police on her or get REALLY foul w/her.
Just finished up some good workouts now work than training and more gym time!
Everyone should have a little more #305 and #Ocho in their life! ;) RT!
such a great song and video!
Come speak at our community event on li good promo !
im following now since i joined the site
'Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.' --Samuel Johnson, 1709-1784, Author
Stop slurping your fucking drink. Stop talking loudly on your phone. >.<
YES! - Interest rates have dropped crazy low! Saving people hundreds per month on their mortgage. Before you submit applications or have...
Right on! : A little dream has just come true. I've just joined the iEARN Australia management team! Very excited!
and understanding what styles/fashions work BEST for her....ain nothing bout her trendy, and i luv it.she is original TRACI
Pernod Ricard USA is set to extend its Hiram Walker line with the launch of Watermelon Sour
RT : He sure did!! : Simon ROCKED #WFFConf12”
she live in Seattle. I live in University Place. I probably won't see her until my/my cousins birthday which is the 1st :/
So just a girlfriend, not a wife? Shut down the FB page, wow, I hope it's worth it. LOL
'you' know it works, the folks that already know how to use #ODBC and all this other tools don't even make the #LinkedData connection
hahaha I dont think we will last long!
blazing saddle burger was good, diced jalepenos, nice touch. fries were a bit salty. homemade ketchup was excellent.
Happy 11th to my wonderful hubby My auto fill wanted to add as my hubby but I picked you instead. I love ya babe!
Talking economics in this segment. How does the economy look in your world? Call in: 317-736-0950 or
Yes I am!
raining and i'm getting loopy at altitude. i should quit trying to watch the shack tour tracker while driving. (typed safely at red light.)
BCJO tonight! See you there.
kids are fat bc parents are fat or just lazy... Take it from the fat kid.
Today in Blues History: Johnnie Taylor’s “Who’s Making Love?” reached number one on the R&B charts on November 23, 1968
Garbage Day! Almost forgot. Amazing in that putting out the trash is probably the most important thing I'll do all week
I am trying to follow the Union vs Foothill Football Game
hope to have you on board soon james
Oh, I should have invited you over! Next time we do this I'll invite you!
Man wanted to know if he can return books from other branches here. I said we're a family of libraries. Is that cheesy?
I just completed a 0.00 mi workout with a 00:00 min/mile pace using Check out my route!
The NFL Draft will never end.
I demanded name of radiologist who read my xray, NO ONE could tell me, patient advocate told me go upstairs to biz office & request record!
How come boys ALWAYS leave messes in the kitchen????!!!! Seriously!
and the hunger games DVD comes out on mine!!
searching for an ACCOUNTING MANAGER candidate in TAMPA; recent Oracle exp required. Send resume to
hey handsome ;)
Another day another dollar
Thank you so much Larry!
So our #goodnite thought shall be except your freakyness and your weirdness it's what makes you you,this thought is inspired by
beautiful girls... all over the world... i could be chasing... but time would be wasting... they got nothing on you baby
How about How and Why the greater society views Trans the way they do. Who actually transitions here?
Good, how're you Rach? Sorry I've been missing #MTOS lately :(
Got my ears and cartilidge peirced( exuse the spelling) and always I love you. I miss you baby I hope you like my ears.
Stay in the net Bryz.
Jenna Marbles is HILARIOUS. And, yes; it is. ❌
is one super funny dude. Awesome performance in SF tonight.
Plan A) go to Zammuto show. Plan B) go to Plan C) work on my grammar.
Don't touch my phone.
Everyone go buy 's new single 11:11!!!! Please request it to all radio stations!!!
Bout that time again! Breakfast Children's Hospital :)
Is anyone else feeling very cold today? This weather is killin' me! I am frozen.
I DON'T KNOW HOW TO USE HALLO. I TRY TO SEND A MESSAGE AND IT DOES SOME REQUEST THING. OMG.
now i feel all bad and shit for fucking up her name
And the tweeting begins..
Reading outside with the dogs and am oatmeal stout.
having so many dining dollars left that the food staff offers to let you buy cases of pop and you STILL have money left over.
I hate those kid that are like yeah I'm going for the emo image then when someone calls them emo they get mad.... (Rachel)
How come SCE does not take VISA. #wackedelecticco#
haha well I think you are :)
Looking forward to good weather... I need to take some pictures to release my creativity.
Never change because someone asked you to change, but change because he convinced you to change.
I want Don's tie
You know I'm the man I'm here with my fam and we here to jam
I'm definitely craving some McDonald's breakfast right now... #hashbrownsandafrappeplease :D
Omg thank yhu for following me !
Lets just talk here..
haha my lifestyle isn't a choice
Please do listen and let me know your thoughts. Also, pls follow me to find out about more shows! I'd love to perform in NC btw.
Mohawks are so rarely planned. I expect to "just got a mohawk," much more often that "getting one tomorrow."
We are now featuring half priced bottles of wine under $100 every Thursday and Sunday. Time to double up on your #GirlsNightOut plans!
#dreamgirls...BEST movie ! It makes me cry !
Arkansas got what it deserved for hiring Petrino in the first place.
Hi , we're trying to get in Students for Free to the during School Pride day, can you help us spread the word!
Thanks for the follow Ben!
I would give them a call - (512) 947-7433
hahahah he looking... I won't even get into it lol.
HAHAHA. I figured YOU HATED Basketball. AND ZP IS AN IDIOT FOR BETTING
"A leader is a dealer in hope."-Napoleon Bonaparte
Today Thursday Jan 19th is Allgood Spirit night from 5-8. Come show your support for Allgood.
Thurs night, you and the cast were remarkable. I've worked on broadway for over 15 years and this show IS SO OUTSTANDING.
I cant answer your dm because you're not following me
Alright, Saturday, you and I both know that this reality isn't going to metaphysically buttfuck itself!
A9: tequila and corona
We're a little late because of the golf, but 10TV News starts now!
They got a Kobe, we have a DURANT
As the a female-bodied person, I don't see how anyone could imagine that this arrangement could have arisen from "intelligent design."
I'm happy for Lil Boosie in terms of justice being served.. But his music needs to stay in jail
You change you. Or I'll change me.
I wish I could be there, but one week from now and I will be getting into our cap and gown prepping to graduate!
There is some loud baby mama drama going down in my street right now. Cool it down, new edition.
its firday??? its berly thursday here
Presidential traffic tomorrow! Get in, audition, get out! :)
The ads on #MTV suggest to me that the average MTV viewer has horrible acne.
I dont know i dont think there is a name for it RT What are greyson's fan called??
More people than you think. lol
yep I'm union
A great work of lit art, music, philosophy is always the product of a whole person. In every person is both male & female. -Meret Oppenheim
I want a Facebook so bad but my mom said no. 😒
I can't fucking wait until the x factor. Like demi is going to be a judge. Omfg.
Beautiful day in the city! Any of our friends running the Boston Marathon today?
What do you think of the new single "Dance Again" - we're playing every hour today! Tune in!
thank you so much! <3
DADS if you have a standard court order in the state of TEXAS this SPRING BREAK belongs to you! ENJOY YOUR TIME WITH THE KIDS!
I have a loquat tree but no fruit yet. LY was 1st year it bloomed/fruited but only got 4 loquats. How do u cook w/ them?
#realtalk. omg, it hurts like a bitch. xD
Looking back at old.messages and thinking " Man , have I really changed."
Fellas #NeverTellAGirl her #twat stinks... Just let her know that you recently took a vow of
Hey FOX maybe the spartans are winning the # 'competition' because #badger fans are actually watching the game!
lol.. wait, who are you? And I have talked to in the past, but what does he got going on now?
Just saw a plug for Nirvana's 20th anniversary of "Nevermind" box set - looks sweet!!! Makes me feel old balls though...
Third Wave to Move Headquarters, Productivity Center
I'm in heaven. Jazz practice group on Sunday the best! Jerry Gebbe on stand up bass, Leah Garnett and Mark Wallace on guitar, Moi on drums.
s/o to i hope you had an awesome day at work girl i miss you!!!! :') we needa catch up! love ya!
may your administration never end.
Sometimes, good men do bad things. Just as bad men can do good. Tell me which way you like
Thanks Leana! I hope to have the novel finished one of these days. :)
Bend but don't break defense is starting to crack.
Pokerstars pros out in full force today in 8 game mix, now playing with nachobarebero
The ladies had fun with their kiddy pool. Nobody show them all the pictures from Spinnakers last night. The pool is a poor substitute.
Well I guess ain't nothing wrong with his lungs.
pete,. never happened. all austin male musicians looked like that (or tried to). hope you're doing well.
Looking forward to new opportunities in the future is all I got
ME TOO~! Well, except for the video games part. ;P
Lakers lead Nuggets 69-68 at the end of the 3rd Quarter.
Pleasure and fun are the secret to a gratified life.
Im done point period blank , im getting the fuck up out of cobb county .
Yah and copy me! Thats cool! #gawddamnitdonny RT : First interview tomorrow. If I get that job daddy's getting a black duramax
Don't feel very well -_- think I'm gonna go have a Cold shower to wake me up! <3
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you selling white selling mid at the same damn time....
Have a safe and happy Memorial Day weekend everyone!
I have a lot of stuff to do today... But today is saturday therefore I shall do none it!
Nothing I love more than seeing two AMAZING people in love. Share it.
I miss family gatherings during the holidays. Childhood memories. <3
i told myself to sleep before it strucks midnight. it's way past midnight now. tired from a long day at school. Gotta rest now :/
Blown call leads to a huge inning. Nice going ump!
Haha seriously!!! Cant wait to get the umbrella out this summer! ;)
Lebron James should ask Rogaine if he can be their spokesperson so he can get some free product for that hairline
got home from work, going to the gym, PARTY.
with you?
This is why I became a journalist.
16 hour work day tomorrow ..cant wait.
lol Arww <3 stare at pics of carlos and james then decide which one u like that's what I would do haha :P xx ♥
must be free thug cardz w/license renewals at tha DMV cuz hoes are actin real unfamiliar. Like they cant get beat up & stomped da fuck out
FF inspirational, talented actors
Dat moment wen u pour a Manzanita SoL into a gLass and it reminds u of a beer but it really ain't FML
How the fuck is a lawn mower $968?? Like WTF!!
On live with WJR, is chatting now with Frank Beckmann.
New Single "Do You Remember" Being Remastered! For JRIMES album!! Label Interest welcome at this stage!!!
just threw up in my mouth
On the way to a gig in Ohio listening to Ralph Bowen's 'Dedicated' album. Killer!!!
I would go to the movie. This Heat/Knicks game is pretty uneventful IMO.
Happy Mother's Day to my Mom and to all my family and friends! xoxo
OK, I have my ticket for the express, on with the show.
I voted today... did you? Vote NO on Issue 2"
I love my life & the people in it.
and Memory Foam stock plummeted.
It was the lowest turnout for a presidential primary in the past 70 years in Illinois.
Moving hso.info to rackspace cloud. Server setup, cleaning repositories for vivisimo repositories for a clean move.
RT RT : "Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong." - Peter T. McIntyre
#TheThingIHateMost Drunk Texting, my phone has to b taken away from me after 5 drinks
last night was pretty stunning g. Maybe we'll have duplicate viewing conditions tonight
Happy 17th Birthday!
Its been an impossible task to get out of bed today
hey babe:) I notice you've been creepin on my twitter hahaha I'm glad you finally got one! love and miss you.
BRUTE FORCE!
Protip: Focus your product. It can't be all things to all people.
Can't find the cataloging information in Library World? TO WORLDCAT!
In other news, how are you??
so r u gay
Next time then!
My ex wanna work it out , bitch try yoga .
no doubt he's off to a slow start but so is the whole team....I think I agree with DD they should hear up with the weather....
she must have left it off for the interview.
's voice.<3
Sorry I haven't been on here for awhile. My computer died and I couldn't afford a new one. I miss ya'll so much!
RT : You guys. Fringe. It's 2 months away. WHEE!
Tell me I need to write.
Celebrating our wonderful receptionist Eliza Fox's birthday. Maestro Luisotti just gave her a private rendition of "Happy Bday!"
We love the crowds at Monks. Please respect the bar!
lolol i love it here! Everyday rain or shine everyone swims hhah :P
WELL THAT SUCKS I WAS JUST STARING AT TREES ALDAY
Gonna watch Westside Story in bed with a cup of earl gray!
RT Use Web influencers 2 help w/ distribution. Reach your target audiences. Find max effect.
yes he is jajajaj. Love his movies :)
These m'fckas kissing,were precious at /:
I keep seeing the same retarded statuses facebook. Not even funny anymore.
hahaha, i'm willing to share my toys, i was just talking about sharing my toys with more people!!
I think the potato must be the forgotten superfood! <3 #organics!
RT : "If the US performed as poorly in the Olympics as they do in Education, heads would roll."
The idea of a "natural froth" weirds me out immensely.
time to join over-achievers anonymous.
Still waiting to hear back from after three inquiries in a week. Anyone home?
just wanted to tell my bestie i love you and my babies... Thank u for being there for me...
Kevin Na had made 1,069 of 1,069 3-foot-putts between 2010 - now. Missed two today in 18 holes at The Players Championship.
sel i love your background!!!!! please txt me back!
wow! We can't wait to check it out. Follow this blogger!
hahahaha! You actually did it .. & is that my earring ??
Got that right
thanks for RTing hope you had a good Father's day honey goodnight & sweet dreams
yea are u In LA?
WHERE WERE YOU when the sky crashed down, THE DAY THE WORLD STOOD STILL?
Does anyone know where I can get one of those horn helmets?
Love them! That dog is to much! xo
Yes! And served on a chocolate dipped chicharron for a cone.
Conscious breathing actually reduces the influence of emotions on your thought process.
follow my boy He makes look like a back up dancer
Are you part of the 50% of Americans who own a smartphone?
what do u do on cam? I think u are.gorgeous!!!
In the Gringo Test Kitchen today: Catalina's Colombian Potato Salad!
I have so many qs to ask you about your life pls tweet me :)
my last iPhone got ran over :'( how'd yours break? And oh we'll it's cause you have AT&T silly ;)
is a social enterprise startup helping youth/adult entrepreneurs & educators start businesses:...
I just tuned in. It's so brave of the Academy to let a burn victim be the host.
Wifely duties done. Now anxiously waiting on my hubbs, Miss my boo.
Sometimes there is no way around it. You just have to break out the scare quotes.
Agreed, but it's no panacea. RT: "Without #education, there is no #sustainabledevelopment". Elizabeth Fordham, of
i cannot wait for the return of this friday!!!! <3
RT P R A Y E R! Prayer succeeds when all else fails.
Come in and enjoy the taste of paradise todays special rum cake and ice cream and whitining.
This week only! 75% off any event in January or February when you book this week!!!
Come on Cano
think of them as little tiny green flags that say "We love deer!" Unobtrusive yet present.
Don't get caught this summer without a dj. Free estimates
straight guys? No...cant speak for those of the other ilk...
Wow itz raining rite now? and do u still like where u live even though u dont like rain or clouds
I'm fed up with school
. True, if he wins the #Masters #Tiger would at least get back to being considered by some brands.
Miami next week tho clear water and bikinis
I think i might've pushed myself a little too far this weekend. I'm definitely feeling the affects now...
I have one of these in my fridge!! lol
Will do – thank you both!
me and my cousin in my icon :)
A TEX MESSAGE BY GIVES THE YANKEES A 7-5 LEAD OVER BALTIMORE
increase followers and explain you'r mind..
aw thanks!! I love the way they look!! I'm happy you liked then!!
Go away retard...The short bus is honking for you.
50% of Americans are single and 50% of marriages end in divorce...I wonder which half is the crazy half??
so when are you coming in for some scrumptious brunch?? ;)
My talents include procrastinating, complaining, and sleeping.
#oomf need to DM right now !
the testing procedure was flawed. Braun had passed several tests & the 1 he doesn't was in some dude's apt for days? C'mon
#AMINOR Setback only prepares YOU for a MAJOR Comeback!!!
Right, thanks! I am pro-this.
#fridayreads The Magician King by . It's one of the few sequels that is perhaps better than the original, which was enchanting too!
I've made many mistakes in my life but nothings compares to this
The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness. ~ Eric Hoffer
is making my lingering hangover all better. Thanks, Dudes!
Really. I know of car trade-ins, but never of house trade-ins. :-) Good deal. Prolly won't give you top $... er. £ for it
love but it's totally a luxury item, for maximum productivity I need a laptop, but it's clutch when I'm on the go.
Super contento! =-D
where did ya get that?!?!
It's San Diego night at Taproom No. 307!
Bout time!RT : You heard correctly! The Nashville Network will return to television in late summer 2012.
Confused by the concept of #virtualization? Register for our complimentary handbook on Virtualization for Government....
where did your last name come from? Are we related?
Not for a long time. Don't do it though! Chew gum.
RT : Telekom Austria only MNO out of 60 to get highest ranking for our Smart Plan Q1 assessment. Congrats to A1, in...
On set in Santa Clarita in the rain for the last shoot day of "Tryouts!"
What up man?
WE'RE CALLING ALL COLLEGES/HIGHSCHOOLS TO ATTEND THE RALLY TOMORROW!
"Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless"
RT #Capricorn's are the rulers of sarcasm.
I nvr called him and not tryin to be a bitch and all but all of this shit is ur fuckin fault good job AGIAN u always
Single-handedly staging a Trash Cab boycott Who's with me!?
OMG!! YES!! I FINALLY DELETED ALL OF MY DM'S OMGG PHEW HAHA
ocho! big fan! holla @ ya boy! you tweetin to all these ladies! i was @ david's cafe couple wks ago and was feellin ochoed out!
Why do we worry so much when there’s so much less to be worried about? Social historian Peter Stearns at 1 pm
I sure do feel a shitload more attractive at Walmart than I do at the gym. But, sometimes, I like to give the truth an extreme makeover
So, tomorrow I'm going to bring strawberries and cream, strawberry rhubarb, apple, and apple dulce de leche. I think.
Yea Thanks 4 The FeedBack! I Need All I Can Get.
aww man wish I could send u one :'(
your very welcome!
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 17
yea I guess 27 rings does make us look pretty ;)
actually does.
of course! thanks for following :)
What's a Tim Duncan?
#artsummit references to MLK and Gandhi all week, still inspiring.
Mixing Italian and US Southern cuisine tonight: pulled pork with milk, rosemary, sage on rosemary buns. It can either go well or very wrong
AND BROWN! “: 1st of many for sure. Having dinner with the Andrew/Green crew #HelloBrooklyn”
Donate your #emptyinkcartidges to BASE Camp!
LOL what year lol RT : RT when did you go to FAMU bro? <- Whenever it was time to Party lol
i'll drop it off next time i'm near your house
Thor needs a better hammer the Hulks tooth chipped it.
RT : "Beer. Now cheaper than gas." -Anonymous
lol! I'm still laughing in tears.
So, its two days before Christmas... I'm more upset that I have piles of clothes EVERYWHERE and no time to do anything about it.
quit cryin. I was at my birthday dinner
I don't have your number anymore!
I used my pizza cutter from #ARMA11 last night - works great!!!! Can't wait until #ARMA12 in Chicago next year!
Gung Hay Fat Choy! Did your know our interactive touchscreen system is multilingual? Communication is at the heart of sales and marketing!
So excited for #Christmas!! Doing the last of my shopping tomorrow morning! I'm hoping the crowds won't be too terrible, wish me luck!
I like the College Football Live Roundtable format, except for the fact there are no actual journalists involved.
let's be friends so we can make out, you're so hot, let me show you around ♫
we have the same kind of background. we are working class people who are being shut out. someone has to stand up for us.
Just scrap!
This rain tho....
u stoped following me?
:) thanks for the RT!
The ability to think beyond one's circumstances is a gift. Use it
if she's hot, I wouldn't complain about that.
The tapestry would look nice in your living room
Ha! Not even close...lol.
just followed ya. follow me back ? :) oh hope u get 2.2K !
Babysitting my little niece -.-
Why am I always late for dance 😳
“: #iDislikeItWhen people take so long to reply back to my text. R-T if you're a fast texter!”
You know what's a gross word? Sprout.
so you say
Why would I sign up for satellite radio when I didn't ever listen to satellite radio when I was getting it for free?
Tornadoes & hail in LA! Craziness. Time for some wine, Community & 30 Rock... assuming we don't lose power again. Fingers crossed
Hayley! Would u be interested in doing an interview for a student/HUGE fan? It's for my journalism class! Even thru email!:)
Tomorrow my blackberry will be in the trash #overit #stoprebooting😡
jelly; that dress is BEAUTIFUL!! :) I love it!!
I know lol but I have a sun burn:(
Sure is! And sure is! Lots of surprising names are buried at Green Mount
oh but from the bits and pieces i've seen, i've decided Avatar makes me uncomfortable.
haha. Dont say that! Or you will. Haha. I always think that but sometimes I do better, sometimes...hahaha.
If you want to fly you gotta give up the shit that weighs you down
Wednesday, Feb. 29 100pm Germany vs France 130pm Switzerland vs Argentina 200pm England vs Netherlands
Right back to you :)
First girl to roll me one, you don't even have to smoke . #I'llwifeYou
I love the smell of rain.
Perplexity is the beginning of knowledge. ~ Kahlil Gibran
how is so adorable! He is my secret boyfriend! (;
Just got the most exciting, unexpected phone call ever!
Love is a dream that comes alive when we meet.
This afternoon's matinee was brought to you courtesy of Monster Energy Drinks! 3 more shows to go, then NYC bound!
I just turned 50 & "I ain't DEAD yet". I guess, whenever I hit the grave.
In Vancouver this morning - very chilly! But nothing like yesterday. No rain, no snow. thank you weather gods!
I'm pretty sure you answered your own question there: "POS".
he's mine too.
« « Lakers Will Make A Come Back.!»»
How are ya?[:
Does sarcasm work in Twitter- Sure, let the auto companies fail. Jobs are always available in fast food. Who needs engineers?
hahahahahaha omg, I hate the way I cough hahahaha
"It's ok. We know. She's just nervous and feels bad for asking...bridezilla. Lol. I didnt say that FYI. I'm deleting this message. "
haha he got really lucky this time lol
Glad it's finally #April 💐
what kind? better be for me ;)
LOL...hey hun I've been just grinding..where we going tonight??
thanks for checking out for sharing business expertise!
RT for the BIGGEST SHOUTOUT ever in history. (Must be following me).
Should I just tweet or send to your inbox?
It's nice to be back online! Internet was off at our house since Saturday morning. It was simultaneously a productivity enhancer and killer.
Alright then
it's only April, but that's going to be tough to beat for Twitter experience of the year.
how do u doo those things
did u check her diaper?
Walker with made-up job numbers is a sign that Kathy Nickolaus landed on her feet.
Three hours till class starts :D
#robin Roberts booty is out there
The Fates are playing very soon! Get to Marran now!!
Congrats 2 our winners from the 2nd Early Bird drawing 4 the #DreamHouseRaffle! Big thx 2 all who've supported the House & Raffle thus far!
I planned on watching that. Not so sure now. Need to run some errands.
Damn It Martin ^.^
Happy 138th birthday to one of my favorite authors - William Somerset Maugham
very fun working with on mobile design - it'll be fun to get folks playing it soon
Off to Whistler for the weekend!!! Finally, some skiing!!! :-)
You may want to remove the battery and sim/memory card and submerge the rest in alcohol, then do the rice. No guarantees GL.
Ah, what a Mother's Day. Husband: " Mother's Day means Poop Day for the dads. Pick up dog poop. Baby poop." So I changed the next diaper.
CH caused retaliation...like I said, brushback gets brushback...hit gets hit. Not retaliate after hitting franchise player?
agree 100%, he should be gone next week though.
Every time I see/talk to you I get the biggest smile on my face(:
Ride it out, #JimTressel. Ride it out.
All the best with everything. Sorry to hear.
Don't wake up at seventy years old sighing over what you should have tried. Just do it, be willing to fail, and at least you gave it a shot
my fave was justin bieber yelling "thats my boy!" after CB's performance
RT ! ": I can always forgive, but I never forget."
yeah that wasnt enough.... A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
good! I read your I hate books tweet right after I finished book proposal :)
Sometimes you must hide in the fire to avoid the
Shoutout to my new followers: THANK YALL!!!
I see wit a table full of beautiful ladies
To be all ur baby
where is this happening?
seriously! understatement of the year.
Most Americans can't handle accents over our vowels. I'm amazed anyone pronounces naïve right
i tend to dig into issues, such as this one. i wouldnt advise general fix unless i knew it would work. i'd be happy (cont)
follow me now & ill follow you.
I'm at my breaking point. I just can't handle these stupid motherfucking Portland people any longer.
say "hi" to the boys for me :-)
Congratulations Mark Geary. Hope you've enjoyed your year in Greensboro
beta cells
Sherlock. So good.
About to spend the evening with some awesome girls tonight...pizza and games...and a lot of laughter!
The book The Way of The Turtle is a great book about trading
lol, it's funny watchin a nigga who doesn't know what he's doing (me) trying to work this. What's new?
call me lets find out whats been done, I bet the basic stuff was not even done, 623-255-4088 ext 1 ask for the owner Dean
nothing worse than wonky
Does anybody know if there's going to be a Gilt Groupe deal on leather boots? Asking for a friend.
No... you are amazing!
RIP Donna Summer
Feeling anxious now, as it's less than 20 days until "cAsE sEnSiTiVe" enters 6 categories in the 2012 Grammies. Haha... :-)
tanning and hanging with friends later. woo i <3 summerr.!
lmao omg tell him i said goodnight too
where's the reptile going to go ? I'll keep him :-)
Gonna up tonight studying because im not going out tonight
D'Anthony childish as fck , lol .
luv Adam & Cee lo but now full of BS on couch w/ glass of wine crying at genuine talent/emotions and connection
where were you during Tebow time last week? Oh, that's right. Hiding.
There's a tiny sleeping tiger on the metro with me- is it bad that I'm thinking of the song from Hangover?
Thank you! Definitely overly-exciting, but I can't wait!
#808Pride u no that can use somebody:(
Happy Pi Day!! And as we know Einstein's Birthday too!
AYE TAY .. i NEED TO SET UP A CRUISE LIKE YALL WENT ON CAN I GET RECOMMENDATION PLEASE
Home for the day. Made it in time for breakfast!
Thank You for the shout out and for all you continue to do!!
#IForgiveYou for assuming vampires are emotional... I'm not emotional... I just really enjoy the killers.
RT : Don't worry about what u missed, focus on what you can do now
Great Tigers game to see live including Fielders first homerun as a Tiger
RT : do you love it ...my stroller was a god send
like what? :)
is right. Social media should be everyone's job. Everyone on staff. Everyone can bring something to the table
Happy to announce as a sponsor for Secret Style Suite & Swanky After Hours! #BlogHer11 Woot!
Will be sure to check it out!
wow, I meant "your," I swear I'm good at English.
Women that say they "Single by Choice" are Women that know they aint got shit to offer a Man!
Going through the endless App submission process, try to get my Apps out to the masses! Have a good one! DonnO
I was just about to tweet those lyrics.
I DON'T blame you I feel the same way about mostly ALL of them!
Fuck, McDonalds makes some good ass double cheeseburgers.
I hope that you don't have to spend time yelling at children for many reasons, then.
"is" a nice tall Morgan
It's Christmas Eve, it's Christmas Eve, and my dad is annoying me!!
The final spot was dope, loved the wall paper, and the shoe wall was ill.
well Im laughin
how did you do on the test
Again..doctor office waiting rooms are the worst. I don't know if it's the wait or the badly patterned office decor with outdated magazines.
Hey O's fans, just to let you know I threw a perfect game against you in MLB 2K12 today with Jered Weaver.
where is your dad
It's game time!
yeah that's what he used to do when living at the skyline house with a yard.. Prob will try to get a yard in the next place I live.
& What an amazing event it was, w/ wildly appreciative readers inc Hungarian Survivors. Thank you Julie Orringer!
There is a very easy way to return from a casino with a small fortune: go there with a large one
go away
we'll raise our lattes to you!
Time for bed gotta get up early and go to my daughter thanksgiving party at school GN!!!
Man tihs is a good game #ncaa kansas & NC!!!
I HATE THAT FEELING STORY OF MY LIFE
I love that place. Now I'm going to have to go there this weekend. Its a nice bike ride over.
I entered the giveaway for EDC tickets. :)
I would've better of doing today without saying out ugh mommy now I have to wait
I don't like the search function in Vista. It is very fast but there should be a drop down option for files only.
I dnt wanna brag, but i'll be, the best yu eva had
I am not, no. Do you enjoy it?
Surreal! RT : Yes!!! I think I had a dream about that! Circle? Complete. RT : HA!! ( )
hello world of country
. You are well on your way toward a pHd in party dynamics.
Any tips for long-term cat-sitting? If I go overseas for 1-9 mos & can't bring her, what's best? Kennel? Trustworthy foster home?
"I'm not like most women." - Most women
Still dreaming about the pan-seared walleye + lentils + bok choy + chili miso special that I had at Friday night.
The awkward moment you you realize your just like your mom :/
Shoes or a MK watch for my dad on Father's day?
Hearing what has to say about his time on the ISS is incredible. I can't imagine what that was all like.
New Arrivals www.justmeboutique.com Fun Funky Dope Items
Nah I will Friday though
Thank the !
I Cried When: I listen to moments and more than this.
After <4hrs of sleep, I find myself irrationally enraged w. a songbird outside my window. I feel like the ugly stepsister in a Disney movie.
Follow she got the best weave in Chicago on sale!
Hi! We're at 7603 N. Union Blvd, in the shopping center with Gold's Gym. We'd love to chat with you more about resizing needs!
no problem! Let us know if you need anything else. Have a great weekend and best of luck the rest of the semester.
home sweet home
developing a typology of obfuscation
We are easily taking more people on #roaddron to Chi than were in the Cauldron 2 years ago.
Ha, thanks Carie...it's all natural talent!
If you want to be found stand where the seeker seeks. ~Sidney Lanier
Hi Bes, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
On set with doing video with the awesome staff of Evergreen Heating & AC.
You are such a kid at heart and thats awesome! I love the pic!
Feel like should be heading to airport 5.30 alarm! Driving to client meeting hamptons. Shame not hot enough to take a dip in pool.
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Tuesday, May 15, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
GM fb family and friends...Let the temperature drop.....not your faith!
Went to a first rehearsal today for The Music Man. It is going to be spectacular. Can't wait until opening night!!!
currently in the hospital ... ive come to the conclusion that green is definitely not my color ...
Vain morons. Glad kid got the ball in the end.
I would do so much better in academia if I care about publishing in academic journals even one little bit
Lol its cool. I love dis song. Ima fuck around hop on dis beat next time I go to the studio.
lol. Just yell "fire" really loud and follow it up with "just kidding...but while your up..."
Rain or shine we'll be celebrating kids and #gardening tmrw at Girard 10am w , , & NGA!
Thanks! I can't tell you how weird it feels to see my tiny hometown splashed all over the news...
are u ok?
"Mechanically Separated Chicken." Chicken wouldn't been just fine, thx.
Dance competition season is here! Reply to this tweet if you've got dancers competing soon!
Dear Walmart, You need more than 3 checkout lines open during the day. Thanks for your time.
will be a featured panelist at GuyRilla Marketing Group's "BroCon" networking event, to be held at Manhattan’s R Bar on Tuesday, February 1…
Uh yeah :p
Arrived in Chicago at the same time my flight for Nashville departed. Awesome.
I'm the guy who will wait in the car until the song is over
thanks for the mention!
Don't feel like going to this meeting ugh
I'm in love with all my Followers ... #FF to all <3 thanks for your support .. your are my Family .. Amos a todos mis seguidores
You're giving me an idea for a new platform for informal education.
Valencia test.
talk at #drupalcon - It' all about real time data
got it. Good ideas. I'll review this week
I'm more accurate with my pump action pellet gun
Ya I see him as a flex player who you can grab during the later rounds...he can contribute to your team and wont cost much
Good morning. How u feeling today?
“: #IfWomenDidNotExist Twilight wouldn't have done nearly as well at the box office.” disagree. I would've seen em all.
It was a perfect night for a bike ride, even better that I came home with a bug in my teeth.
Your tweets make me smile! :)<3
MESSAGE ME TO GET IN MY CABANA AT THE PLAYBOY MANSION THAT COST ME $16K FOR FRIDAY AND SAT. DRESS TO IMPRESS I'LL HAVE DAM NEAR NOTHING ON
have joined the adult world and bought a sweet watch. Happy early Birthday to me!
; Touché. However, Sara is much better. :)
ugh I just LOVE HIM!!!! #voted for you every episode like 9,000000 times!
And now for something completely different...
lemme hear something
Well I don't think either team is nearly good enough to win the super bowl, even with peyton.
Tim McCarver said HR's now go farther because the air is thinner. I'm back to a focus on juiced baseballs as my conspiracy theory of choice.
hi crazy
I love the falafel at Aladdin at the Public Market. Casablanca's is also very good.
Is it Toney Douglas time?
": "Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same" " This was amazing, I love you Steph
#MarathonMonday is a yearly reminder of how out of shape I am...Cheers to all the runners!
Enjoy! :) www.nkairplayradio.com
I want a piece of that ass
I dream of doing a scene with me involving scissors and a barber's chair.
I still can't believe you're 2 years younger than me ;P
don't even start Cookie!!!
What happened to Andre?
The team that knocks the Packers out of the playoffs better be the Superbowl Champions. For one day only, go Giants!
nothing more sad in this world than people who make fun of other sports teams. Just so damn sad.
Driving past The 'Shoe on my way to work always makes me smile :)
Found a treasure and brought it to the office.
I keep seeing you guys at Warped Tour and then never actually seeing you play! haha hopefully you'll come hang soon! <3
Love it! I should be the star of my family's Christmas card next year.
serious question?
I love how I manage to smile even though I wanna cry so bad :( these feelings hurt. sharper than a knife
Had a fun shoot with #actor Sam Muriithi today - such great energy!
are you okay? :/
i dont want to forget how your voice sounds.
Aladdin's & Sinbad's. As for a greasy spoon, hole-in-the-wall middle eastern joint - Byblos is a pale version.
": GM Davina."r u going to musicfest
Coffee and Cosmicomics
I'm tired yet I still have homework to do #schoolsucks :(
I sware i have cutest grandpa in the entire universe!
If only i would have found out a bit earlier about the 2hr delay
I don't need a PART time boyfriend I need a FULLTIME man!
gotta move forward
New lexus commercial "dec to remember" reverses gender roles
Thirsty Thursday. (;
only if you could issue a parking violation ticket.
It's the only way to react to a picture of a cat driving a car in a suit.
Follow for updates on specials, daily flavors for drinks and soups and fun facts and tips for sustainable living
Everything may not be how I want it but it's exactly how I need it😊
maybe I'll change it to the white one you retouched
LeBron's big for no reason.
<<<PEANUT! I'm about to come scoop you! What planet u wanna go to?
If you're worried about tornadoes, come chill with us in Edmond; the city of Edmonds chamber of commerce banned tornadoes back in 2006.
First tweet from the new iPhone! Aw yeah boi!!
Success is knowing the difference between cornering people and getting them in your corner.
i did that and i got nothing
No that's not his name. That's what I'm calling him. Lol
Don't let your past disturb your NOW.. Get rid of people and things that will distract you from your NOW. This is your season.
..... but waited til noon to text you so as not to disrupt your sleeping patterns.
Well, looks like I'm getting it cut out right now. Fun stuff.
Awesome night :)
getting alot of play on "music choice" Jonathon!
Breathing is crucial to cleansing your body of waste and toxins that your metabolism generates.
ha he's awesome! It's just funny. Saw some roses, Instantly popped in my head. Lol
My word of mouth for not recommended to do business with them at all.
Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions & actions.
Well it's not really hate because to hate would mean there was a presence of a positive energy and there never was. Just bad juju since day1
Support da movement (yall stay sellin out....you should be a promoter)
there are soo many Qing Zhangs on google. all of them are phds.
US #wine exports reach record levels as a weak $ made US wines more affordable and led to $1.3 billion in overseas sales last year, up $200m
Don't lose who you are in the blur of the stars!
(Via ) thanks for spreading the word. -My pleasure. 1 day you'll do the same 4 me.
I've come to the realization that cheesy sells nowadays. Looks like it's time to dumb it down a bit.
I hate to be blunt but fuck that
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : RT : #GrnBz. Alcoa talks about self-cleaning car. Just add titanium dioxde. Alcoa already losing mass...
We spend too much time wounding instead of encouraging one another. "We are many parts of one body, & we all belong to each other." Rom 12:5
#roc were gonna miss ur nappy a$$ puff ball R.I.P: rocs puff ball P.s. u sell ur hair 2 a fan
why not? validate that statement. Based on his body of work he's more than qualified to be a superb QB.
Who knows you well enough to tell your story better than you can?
Ok then. Habs lost, and I still don't care who wins the cup. Any better?
have a happy one!
is there a way your american fans can watch The Voice UK online?
what are you favorite and least favorite things about recruiters?
RT : #InfoSec2012 COBIT5 focused on information lifecycle and information value. Auditors are there to help employees...
Modernization theory is too simplistic to explain the changes in the Middle East.
I'll watch, while you play!! You da boss, you the bo-o-o-oss man and I'll do whatever you say!
The fans etiquette is TERRIBLE! Sit during action and leave or come back during inning switch's! Please learn!
Out wit my bias and Im lookin like the summertime....its cold now
Yeah I am working on my first mixtape right now actually. And thanks bro when I get home from school I will check them out!
RT Man f%*k this game. I need them JETS runnin ova Ben Rapelisburger in my field of vision right about now.
Can't wait for the Tampa Food Truck Rally on 9/24!! Look for 's feature on mobile vendors popping up in Tampa Bay coming 9/27
Happy Father's Day!
That's how it's done!!!
you better not be talking to me shit stain cause I'll kick yo as ~
#RelationshipsAre Awesome . BUT I'll never get one .
Thanks for the mention
Christmas Brings Me Down Tour w/ Amely, Sparks the Rescue & You, Me & Everyone We Know-December 10 @ Xtreme Wheels, Doors open @ 6pm!
Ideally it would allow me to slowly build a historical timeline over a 100 yr period, hopefully with export capabilities.
PLEAASE? lol, cause like i'm trying to suprise my partner in this twitter account soo.. yeah x) follow me :3
Oh dear Madrid
This makes me feel good. :) RT : RT : #Mariners beat the #Yankees 6-2.
There's a Walgreens next to work -- that's why I had them. Desperation.
Husky Brodown: RT Best player I've played with by far NBA star talent RT This kid is really good.
And I would caution Pakistani politicians. We found him in downtown Islamabad. Thanks for the "help".
#fucklove smoke bud
I can feel myself starting to get a cold #wahh :-(
Watching a recap of Bubba Watson's Masters victory speech & LOVED he gave a "Go DAWGS" out to the crowd. He did that before thanking Jesus.
"I never knew queen Latifa was on makeup" - #twitterless Bethany
see you all out tonight at the sexy club Voyeur ! Tons of sexy playmates and their bdays tonight!
Who is Tami??
send me a link to the shirts
‎"Create your world with Creative Confessions, with Delano Johnson 9am EST! Weekdays on Twitter & Facebook! (Reweet or Post on your Page)
#gghh so much fun! thanks
Republicans don't give a damn about deficit reduction. They only want to keep a low tax rate for their rich supporters.
this film invented the 'bunny boiler' saying it's class!
Tx for the mention & love the description - means a lot coming from you Leadership Freak! :-)
Lol susan boyle is trending
It kind of screwed us up without the tahoe and we had to hurry up and go rent a ferrari. if the house doesn't sell we know why
Im sorry but its for my own good.
Why doesn't beer dry yellow when it's yellow in the cup??
No problem bro!!
Would have freaked and detsroyed all things on the desk to kill it.
i wish my hair was down to my butt
thanks! Just signed us up for some. Appreciate it and look forward to an amazing event.
It's such a nice day out. Wish I could be in it. But I'm stuck inside at work , ugh
#rhoareunion a hot mess 💩👎💤 shut it up 👏
Thelma, resplendent brightness
#BrodusClay on #AOAL . Make it happen.
Ladies night
A4 You give up a heck of a lot of control concerning your direction.
That beautiful moment when you take a big lead right at the end of a Words With Friends game you've been losing badly until then.
I better be invited!!! Let's be real... This will all be going down at my house anyway hahaha
See you later Peyton.
what does it take to be recognized as a #workplace #diversity leader in #atlanta? come learn from the experts on Feb 21st...
#Sad day for my sister...she broke up with her boyfriend;& she thinks its her fault:((
Young writers in a lil bit. :)
April is National Grilled Cheese Month! We can’t wait for Spicy Monkey Soup Co. to open its doors with gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches.
If I had it my way, I'd skip work today and go play 8 hours of table top Ms. Pac Man at the Musee Mecanique arcade.
Stonger?? No!! Truth Is What Doesent Kill You... Only Leaves You Alive Long Enough For Something Else To Kill You Later On.
true dat! have a fabulous monday...if there is such a thing!
I thought u said the show was in 20 minutes and I'm sitting here looking like buckwheat lil sister.I can't make it in 20.lol
No, I'd love a new take on vampire hunters, esp w/ the saturation of vampire romance.
Did you say a flute player? Why yes. A flute player indeed. Come out to Lilly's tonight and see for yourself.
Kontiola? Damn, that's a name I haven't heard in a while.
Today is money making Friday. We got's a full deck of games. Let's get it.
Saw Avengers last night at an early screening. I didn't think I'd like it but I did. IronMan still the fav. Yours?
I believe I may have over slept
CP3 does not look healthy. Doesn't seem to be able to cut on either end.
im gay and i like to do my girlfriends makeup<3
Boy am i glad someone else thinks that lol": I mean that one day soon flesh eating zombies will happen upon earth bent on
Lazy Sundays are the best!
thankyou for the recommendation
Fingers crossed for
anything less would be uncivilized. I appreciate all you do to keep safety first.
I don't think so. Sorry to miss you as well. It was a big show. Maybe next time eh?
We have iO from Moscow and Kiev in the booth tonight laying down the sexist #house and #techno tracks in #Baltimore. Infinity opening.
nice slim to the face sucks.
The other nine.
Grow Tip: If you want purple buds run an air conditioner in your grow room during the last two weeks of your blooming cycle.
I can
Comment on Many people failed Malaysia on Saturday by cseng
Damn, your stuck in my head even after I get off the phone with you, your so fuckin cute... #goodnight! :)
Sad thing is this won't stop Rags from bitching about the officiating forever.
well, you may not have to wait TO long.
We are looking for auto-platen die cutters to buy, 40 or 50". You have one for sale? Email .
eating that tomorrow.
when will you be at Buster's? & who is your distributor in Memphis? & thnx for the follow...
It's not nice to kill people
Grats! What are you studying?
Cool to see my students getting internships and building networks through my social media contacts. Gotta get them on board now too.
1 c Low Fat Plain Yogurt ½ c Blueberries ½ c Strawberries ½ c Low Fat granola Or ½ c Oatmeal ½ c Blueberries 2 egg whites
you're going down fool!
Congrats Kendall, Wolfson and Hialeah campus grads!!
whether you agree with him or not, Rep. Banaian's doing a very nice job making his case re: Vikes stadium proposal
Mom talking to customer service: "Hi this is tammy" customer service guy: "Oh hello Hammy !"
I'm at acknowledging your online support community. Let me know how yours goes--wish I could be at two places at once!
I wanna go to the zoo!
I joined a site call linked in. However, I was in And linked up way before! I got God. Can't get LinkedIn no better!
ahh and miley that is also famous
Opening all the windows - what a glorious day!
Meeting my brother by the bounce house and he's late, so now I look like a pedofile creep.
Congrats and welcome! MT my daughter got accepted to #SDSU for journalism. I'm wondering what she is getting herself into.
that is awesome! tell Doug and Brady I said hi! I hang out a Georges a lot!
Are you late for your lease signing?
The single greatest indicator of an organization's #fundraising success is the amount of board giving. - June Bradham
haha I made my brother drive me to Wal-Mart and he bought me all the flavors!!! Hahaha :)))
A rumor goes in one ear, then out many mouths. But the truth goes in one ear out the other
Just had to unfollow fool think he Jesus??
future may rap slow but, that doesnt mean he sucks
My mom got me some pan de bono straight from colombia
Austin tonight!!
Not much right now, trying to let this headache go away. Did you still want me to call you since I didn't the other day?
Good Night!
Walked up the stairs i another part of the building to see a twentysomething state police officer waiting for something
: Sperrys :: : worn out Toms
:O listening to Aiden again feels great
“ In life the things that you can't buy with money is what matters the most.”
Peace to all and to all a g'nite ... :)
Just watched "8" Thanks for finding a new way to be awesome.
I am back in town and ready to serve your Re-Heat and Eat BBQ Needs. Who needs Q?
Hey did you know that is always FREE!?
i just realized why the new hard drive for parent's old laptop wasn't working. I had the hard drive put into the computer UPSIDE-DOWN!
just study a lot of music man.
nope, not today... wound up watching the Mets game.
Thanks for the s/o...we are a bit slow on learning to tweet!
I'm never going to wake up tomorrow if I don't go to sleep now....
Of course.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW PROUD US MAHOMIES ARE!
We were invited to burn Guy Fawkes in effigy at a bonfire in Tennessee. England is calling in so many ways. I know I'll go there one day.
JUICY KNOWS THAT TIMES ARE HARD, SO WE WANT TO SAY THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR THE SUPPORT!!! SO WE ARE GIVING BACK WITH OUR STIMULUS PACKAGE!!
didn't we almost have it all…. when love was all we had worth giving.. my friend! lalallaa! ;)
": Oh, , I'll miss you." Even though I didn't watch much of season 5, I'll miss it too.
kfoldvik: RT : Know how I can get a copy of the presentation on Expert Databases -KM div, Mon am? Not in Handouts on SLA site # ...
What's the state of folks that need or use assistive technology on mobile?
Q: What do u call a computer that can sing? A: A dell
Finally home and away from the crazy Christmas shoppers and even crazier holiday drivers
RT : I agree. Short and to the point. TY RT A3: Relevant topic, under 5 minutes.<=TY Relevancy = conditional ;)
RALLY on the steps of the Capitol, 12pm TODAY! SEI's own will be a featured speaker on 'Equality in Education' & introduce
These other guys aren't even responding to the tweet
#BlueRock is planning a new #video project to honor #cancersurvivors !
yes it does my friend.:-)
We totally won that debate
we are an online/mobile app to help people recover after a disaster! Check us out, can we send some info over??
what is "detes"?(:
I can't wait for prom with my beautiful date
RT : When someone at church is mad at you don't leave the church...just get to church early and take their favorite seat.
in other words: our players suck so blame them. Is this Ben taking his turn on Bobby's side to even out his support of Pedey?
We need beautiful great songs but should not be too high and not be too deep please help us we must auditions...
You SHOULD be here Henry!
Its better to be unhappy alone than w/ someone else. . .
yes, please. What a terrible movie.
Getting Ready for tonight! Sending out much love to Love you all! Hugs!
#RIM CEO acknowledges situation dire... #youthink?? Do you know anyone excited to get a #blackberry these days? //zite.to/HunTq7 via
HGi Melissa, thanks for the follow. Great photo, your eyes really stand out!
I luv Texas.. It's snowing in Feburary
The Silk Tie likes Tasch! Have you ever done tie art? thesilktie.com
