haters gonna hate. Jasmine gonna "whole new world". mMmMMmMmmMmMMHHHMMMM lol
In 1978, Lichtenfeld founded the non-profit Israeli Krav Maga Association (IKMA) with several senior instructors
Looking for a new intern, twice a week, NYC based if possible! will be a hard man to replace!!!
Oh wow! I've been in my roon for 2 hours! And drank a huge cup of coffee but didn't open a book yet! No hw don either!
yea sumbody touch my baby im swinging
it's about Hollywood!!! HOLLA
Toured all my local grocery stores w/ this weekend. Feeling very positive about my food prospects.
I am enjoying 'The Rhetorical Nature of XML' far more than I initially thought I would.
Contact me directly if you have any questions. (I'm glued to my phone)
SELF MADE!!!
one day I'm going to make another account and just tweet him those things
MOJO - Starts from the inside and radiates out.
adding more content to the #filmcrush website today. new stuff coming soon!
its the good stuff roc
Welcome to Twitter. Don't work too hard :)
Remarkable: After hiding out for two hours, Chancellor Katehi walks to her Lexis past a silent crowd of students.
On the bright side, I don't think Calipari is going to have much trouble finding another five one-and-dones.
Weekend Over :(
the field didn't feel the same tonight without you buddy.
17 New #ROC young #entrepreneurs just graduated. We're so proud of our newest Biz Kid$!
I wish there was an easier way to look at old text messages...
How can you not love robots!
How many of you want me to do a free pendulum past life reading on you? I just posted a new pendulum paper in my Yahoo group.
We're now onto the social media panel. How often do you use social media? Everyday? Once a week? Once a month?
Ain't that America something to see, baby?
Definitely enjoyed it. The Hulk stuff was my absolute favorite.
Feeling amazing right now having a great dinner w my b, Much needed. 😊☺😁
or a tweeting dino. Sue from the field museum? Genius use of twitter.
don't die
I'm okay. Just been keeping busy and then spending too much time on Skype. LOL! How about you? How are you.
Happy Jew Year!
I saw a maiden young and fair, Laid on a snow-white bed; I should have deemed her sleeping there—But they told me, she was dead! (1850)
please Lady Ante... nothing... go away and bring Justin!!
hahaha me to ! (-: I also listen to Tech N9ne,Eminem,Immortal Techniuqe,Royce Da 5'9,Game,J. Cole,OF
Yeah, but you could rollover the cap space by signing a bunch of 1-year deals like they did last offseason.
yo #SBM guys I'm back! How u doin brothers and sisters?
haha good point! so I guess it's ... yay HarperCollins? ;)
Welcome to twitter! You should check out "The Tao of Twitter" first. You will learn so much, & life will be great! Keep at it!
Elton John's "Million Dollar Piano" is FABULOUS!! Go see it!
im the dumb one? Really? Haha
Most Rappers in Mainstream today aren't as half as good as the underground/hipster/Indie rappers...Something some ppl don't know about..
This is my 100th tweet. That is all.
this is never gonna work! These women are going to get us in trouble.
Greg Saugnier of Deerhoof just killed it with us! Amazing musician!
Catching up on #WWHL , I got that Fame reference!! right? Used to watch that show when I was little. :-)
YOU WILL HAVE FUN TIMES RT Reel Big Fish performing at BC tonight? Uh ok
Now I understand why JJ Hickson was put on waivers. Maloof Brothers don't want to spend money.
Why do I enjoy professional car washes so much?
Taking all my anger and disappointment out on my cousins...
grilld up like o.j.
:-) I like the things that you are thankful for. I like the card. Made me smile before going to bed. :-)
Could the Illini actually spend some weeks in the Top 25 after beating a ranked team? Despite a soft upcoming schedule, they'll screw it up.
The Germans tried to copy Coca-Cola and came up with the drink Fanta.
DwellStudio Organic Crib Set, Poppy Guide | Baby Bedding ...
went 2 this MAJOR model agency open call 2day, only to slaughter this girl I hate.
You have to wonder now that NC has passed their anti-gay amendment, how will biz and the Research Triangle attract and hire talent?
Yes I have heard it before. Just not very much. It's never meant to me before what it does now.
Starting my morning off right with a cup of coffee and
Happy birthday to my amazing sister ! (: I love you!
I like it fried crispy, no condiments, but with runny fried eggs.
Benefits of travel: I'm enjoying the totally unique sounds of country music on the radio here in Texas - on way to Austin for
I'm as real as it gets my friend
Have you spotted any Oktoberfest yet? Tell us where and help out your fellow #beer lovers!
Never tried that before
u fukkn heard me get her ready um bouts go2yo krib later
cause that's where the ratchets are at.
im havin a shitty week and if yall dont like it n sick of hearin me just stfu and delete me!! cuz to be honest i dont give shit
I'll have an international cook prepare my meals. I wouldn't want to take away from ur 1 shrimp from Saturday night.
ooh, points me in a direction? :)
A5. Horse piss. I just never drink it back home.
#IWannaMeet And ... All I Have To Do Is Pray And Dream BIG One Day It Will Come True B/C I Believe It Will =)!!
can I get a retweet from the best Nba player ever?
"experiences are priceless... embrace the feelings and live...." here we go!
can't wait to see you!
i'm good so happy school is over in a little less than 3 weeks
Cabeth, Thank you for the retweet ! I am going to write about airport museums in the future, will be in touch, Mark
Of course when I'm excited about something it always has to be ruined..
Had to #changemyFBname4college :-O
For those who don't know what Pho is...it's a Vietnamese noodle/soup and it is delicious
Crazy girl don't you know that I love you and I wouldn't dream of going nowhere. <3
At my fitting for PetSmart cursing my Australian mates.
PLEASE FOLLOOW ME I LOVE YOU ANSWER!!
I sometimes ask myself why? Guess I'll never know.
#Win 2 bottles of #Powerbrite, a biodegradable cleaner great on scum but easy on fine surfaces! Just follow us on twitter to win!
just cut out the invitations for 's birthday, this saturday at 7:00 pm
#FF The Food Dudes Edition:
Way to go Buffalo! Let the damn Pats take a QB that will be killing you for 10+ years
I would love to meet more professionals and network! Twitter has been my only avenue to do so! that's why I wish I could go.
“: Thanks to Aveda for hosting #mnbes - can't think of a better place to be for Earth Week!” Hear hear!
US business is $28 TRILLION in debt in stocks & bonds alone (not incl. bank financing). Since 2008, NV casinos owe more than take in.
Q: Why are we here? A: I want to amass such a tremendous fortune that the pile of it becomes a new island I can be buried in.
Oh, wait! Which is to say: what you said! Ha!
#Chiefs Rookie Camp Ethan Johnson and Dontari Poe were working one on one while Anthony Pleasant was going over technique and footwork.
FUCK YEAH, TODDLERS AND TIARAS!
#PaulRudd is the perfect combination of cute and funny. For true.
I would do anything to be at the
RT : "Merger of globalization & IT revolution is biggest thing happening today; we're hyper connected"--Tom Friedman
iTouch – Another reason why I love
I don't but why do you need it? Use AE. You can export to Flash. RT : do you have any flash tutorials?
I'm gonna get you back so bad!
She sure is! Happy Mother's Day.
Listen if you're going to guard 's James Harden with Steve Blake, this series is over in four.
Is debating beach options for October. Any recommendations?
: & I didnt haha :) omg I had playing while i was in "school" & Ms. Adkins said she liked the song that was playing
That looks awesome.
haha. Don't say old, just wiser.
when you embrace the rulings of the courts of the State against whom you are protesting as legitimate you have already lost.
PRODUCERS SUBMIT YOUR BEATS: ! RT!
Done that. Cleared cache. Going to try sudo maintenance next.
thanks for all your support you guys rock!
k lo k ma brotha..
cute. Bye.
It is really, really, freaking cold.
See you in CATlanta, Hoosiers. It's payback time.
(Please note: the reviewer in question is anonymous. So I have no idea who this lifelong 'friend' is.)
Spending the day with my sweeti
Finishing up the #StuPidasso site for #launch, then onto getting our theme song and working on the
believe it or not, I've watched that and its worth watching for bathroom baloney break down.
Can you plz give me a shoutout
Yeah, that's probably the best choice. I just want time to fast forward to 10:01am already
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it.
I heard! Let's catch up!
Give Thanks For Whaa Yuhh Are Now And Keep Fighting For What Yuhh Wanaa Be Tommrow
At tha studio listen to music from up an coming artist djdj he only like 14 Atlanta always has fresh young talent
The worst part is I understand #CrazyBill... He's not too many stepping stones ahead of me on the path to the rainbow toadstool.
Oh I miss Daria so much! My students used to tell me how much I sounded like her. Sorry that your eye is twitching though.
what r u watching? Ghost Adventures? (Zak's always good 4 a laugh, isn't he?) What promo were u in?
Didn't realize they did some work with dogfish head.
RT Cheryl Kravitz panel discussion w/ , , #RTMedia the first one was great. Enjoy!
love hearing that. Thanks Caroline!
Finally off work.... I'm bouta die to the work for the rest of the day!
#YallNeedToBreakUpIf yall only together for publicity.
Stuck in a catch 22 right now :/
Omg!!!!! It's #Wednesday and, I'm #loving #life:) Cereal Bowles
I haven't a clue! I'm just stunned it's gotten so bad. I tweeted that piece in part because I know the writer.
Good Morning young world *.*.
Dept about to award the Almont Lindsey Award for Excellence in History.
yo this is and i totally just hacked your twitter squids. im putting up the twitter badges on the band space. love you too
what happens on June 12th?
who was about to get beat up lol
#ThingsIFear Going broke
RTWho HASN'T Whitlock criticized? ... Whitlock's good. He's smart. But sometimes he writes about things he doesn't know well.
Tangradi only played 16 NHL games before this season...And he still only played 24 staggered games this season..
I hate when the villains in movies are hot. I can't focus on hating them, I just keeping wanting them. ;-)
Cereal at night>
I saw a hint of noir in your tweet, Allen. Write on!
heyy baby... just wanted to say iloveyou
At the Bikers For Christ Biker Weekend at Lincoln High football field. Come tomorrow and win a new Harley.
the awkward moment she your french and you use google translate to write a paper.
California Institute for Jobs, Economy and Education is presenting district maps to the Commission
Maybe apologetics is not a tract but a fairy tale or cycle of poems, a symphony.
Congrats & be prepared for the shock of seeing total interest that y'all will pay over life of mortgage, too
What a night at surrender... Make sure to come check us out tomorrow!! Only
My dad busted me and a girl once. Not only did he not care, he never told my mom because "she would never shut up about it."
love that movie!
It's so cute watching play football.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!54
Six minutes and I'm out this bitch. Working for a living is boring.
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x x1
hahaha i agree!
Thanks for the follow Eric!
Go out of your way to show appreciation today!
I thought you had an imaginary cat. Why is there a dog leash on the doorknob?
pittsburgh is trending....REPRESENT.
Has to write a 7pg. paper on an opposing argument & I picked animal experimentation but I cant put my opinion in...this is gonna be hard. =/
Some ppl just aren't meant to exsist in ur life
No phone, no computer, no TV... but I still have my Xbox. :)
LOOKING GOOD AT BROADWAY , NOT EVEN MIDNIGHT YET !!!! COME THRU AND GET YOUR PARTY ON !!!!
You let your employees talk on the phone and email, let them blog.
Moving OUT soon, shit gettin REAL (:
Where are you supporting ur #NYRANGERS tonight? Stop into &watch #Lundqvist dominate against the #SENATORS Come Bounce with us!
just finished crying to that movie too
thank you for making me think of a giant marshmallow man.
If you give me your e-mail address, I can have our circulation department mail you a copy of the Civil War issue.
To prolong and internalize "play" externally, ad infinitum.
how many times did you have to hit Bill Cosby over the head before he gave you that sweater?
Do I become a Grizzly's fan now that the Preds are out, or do I just go to sleep... z
lol if only!
yeah I guess.
we've determined that our new pup is part dingo. Throw in the current bear dog and we have the start of our own menagerie.
Hope everyone had a great Aldo Leopold Day!
I forgot just how badly summers fuck up my sleeping schedule from going to bed so late.
If the infection is brought under control your #bloodsugar level may reduce, enabling a reduction in the #medication that controls it
now I'm hungry.
Happy Hanukkah to all my fellow ja ja ja jew units! ENJOY!
Finally someone who [doesn't] speak english! - The avengers.. lol
But im back in this bitch, Reliving the moment.
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen
More Pareto Principle! But invariably, it's the 1% that reads 99% that then calls about the typos.
not true, signed with LA Dodgers last week
Happy Mother's Day!
Total carnage, with a hint of hope. But I'd lean more toward destruction.
I feel like crawling up in a corner like an Emo boy all of a sudden. . . :-\
meant to say voxer
Finnaly got on the car the bus was late and it didn't show up for 20 minutes after that we got on a handicaped bus
Third day in a row I haven't received a newspaper that shall remain nameless. Recording tells me to call back tomorrow.
Wish these people would #shutup so I can take a break!
Been doing that all along, as have my kids (living with son getting masters in divinity), many churches, and many friends/fam
Kossuth~ The unspoken word never does harm.
ok thanks anyway!
All you Lebron haters though he was gonna "disappear"..this quarter. lol
Patron wanted direction on the bus to Whole Foods market.
Baruch's Vera Haller has a good back-and-forth going between HS students about classic Time/Newsweek OJ covers.
flyers hartnell to see cardiologist. does he even have a heart???
Excited to be presenting today with , and at
PTSD for sure. re: western pysch
"He has more chins than a chinese phonebook" #ShitKBSays hahah
miss you too!
I QUIT! Oh yeah I can't as I am not independently wealthy.
So daydreams and nightmares is coming next month. It's going to be great music. Email info.ayoinmotion to have it sent to you.
lmao i seriously can't wait to see him on tour! i really want to meet him :)
you don't even know.
At Serbia Tourism event. Director acknowledged image is big hurdle they face in drawing more tourists.
The color is prettier in person just fyi lol it came out a little dark in the picture
LOL RT: Once again, Earth is undefeated in the Miss Universe pageant...It's like the other planets aren't even trying.
C'mon #BroncoNation! Let's make Von Miller a #TT!
Another problem with triple option is you teach your O-linemen to cut block, viciously, which is always on fringe of rules
Happy mothers day mommy(:
why don't we have our own show
I think I'm making it mine as well. America is kinda played...and cheap.
RT Salazar says critics who say permits lag in Gulf "don't know facts ... another ex. of falsehoods ... this political season"
Then where did all the money go that belonged to the investors? So glad you are covering the case. Fascinated.
Anger is the only thing to put off until tomorrow. ~Czech Proverb
Carnika Said she wanna get married someWhere Tropical that's wat were gonna do !
Let my love adorn you !
cleaning up my computer... throwing out all the programs i've never used
Same tweet keep repeating itself in my head smh
It's that or Hot Topic bondage pants with all the chains.
"Deep in my heart... I knooooo, bebe!" damn that song been in my head all morning. Love it dawling! Kem is a gem ;-)
I know nasty heauxs!
all bad ;0
press on nails lmao
Request "Gettin Em" on your local radio station Legooo!
I don’t know if this is a cold or allergies, cuz I’m allergic to Kleenex.
I'm in such a good mood right now!!
Within you I lose myself. Without you I find myself wanting to become lost again.
#Sanctuary tenants say some alarms didn't sound on their floor. Some people on balconies. No visible flames or smoke.
People MAD Cause The Lakers Garbage . . . . But Do YALL Play For The Lakers??? So What You Cryin For They Aint Payin Yall
Which hospital are you at? I'll totally bring you coffee
just finished, should be on the way soon
Hi all. I've spent the entire day putting together info for an art competition. One off the list.
Having issues with twitter. Won't let me find Mysti Roberts !
Additionally, to make your resume stick out use a heavier weight of paper when handing out copies at career fairs.
Anyone know who books Ace of Spades?
Who broke the stock market?? Thanks inept Congress....sealing a deal on the deadline date still proves you suck!!
My cat brought me an early Easter present ..... a mouse... still twitching..... so thoughtful.
Omg josh looks amazing
morgan freeman so eloquent and funny accepting the cecil b demille award #goldenglobes Brilliant man
A world with no hate is a perfect world<3
Behind every powerful man... Is a woman he wants to impress
I really hate myself sometimes, just a thought
Anyone else tired of the stupid Social Cam app on Facebook? Can't I just watch a video without installing the stupid app?
Lobster & shrimp with a suit on
What if it's slow and buggy?
trying to finish this outline so i can call Tara ...but that's not happening
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobodys going to know whether you did it or not. - Oprah Winfrey
Livin alone, here in this place, I think of you and I'm not afraid.
Cut my hand open on my first illusion today. Thanks to my sister/sister manager who patched me up during a 3 second black-out b/t tricks.
congrats on the win!
Monday they suck then Tuesday they suck a bit more.
That's good u doing better.
My momma is knocked tf out !
i like the looks of that
And "On&On" is still knocking! Along with the rest of
Unfortunately we had to postpone Laughter is good for the heart. Sorry everyone!!
Congratulations! That's wonderful news!! No wonder you're happy :)
Alright get ya asses up for this game, BU vs BC Beanpot, bring it home boys
Those of us missing #ICSF we sure appreciate you who tweet. Keep up the good work and send pics when you can. Really helps feel like there
I bet Chris Mann has a hamster up his butthole right now.
Seventh inning stretch at beginning of 3rd presentation @
Westbrook way to quick for Blake
I have a SERIOUS sushi addiction. 🍣🍱
why not just go to a nude beach instead?
finally found that mix 😍
Emma had an audition this weekend at Cool little spot. And they tweet open casting!
unfortunately it won't be coming out any time soon. I can't wait for a fully functional office on my iPad.
Mi fa ancora male la caviglia :(
Hey, Scott Brooks, might want to think about pulling your starters really soon.
Oh, I can tell the difference! I read those sides on Showfax. ;) Hope you're doing well!
This stress will literally kill me in my sleep. Goodnight.
Some people just get all the luck. And I'm stuck with none.
I don't get we t v
#NeverShouldYouEver take advantage of someone when they're most vulnerable.
#ditto RT : Wait. What did Schefter say that ESPN feels compelled to apologize for? I'm already prepared to laugh.
my phone says 81?
yayayaya i got sum fah you woodie! I just hope u b in atlanta by den lol :)
Today dad is nonresponsive.
watchin the Lakers vs Heat Game!
if Ryan Clark doesn't want his tweets analyzed then he doesn't need to put it on Twitter!
I'm so tired! GOODNIGHT loves!!!❤✌💤🌙
Very kind of you to say, Michael. Many thanks.
trying more stuff out. Getting referral to ophthalmologist next.
thanks for the follow. Looking forward to seeing you at the #smbmsp event in a few weeks!
I'm pretty sure Jack never burned himself pouring tea. Just sayin'.
Need help #promotingyourwebsite? Come see what we have to offer.
address please “ I'm teaching a master class tom night 730pm at dance zone!!!! Come one come all!!!”
Grindin'? “: wanna bang in the daylight?! #bridgetowncomedyfestival”.
Today involved live music, mustaches, and sausage. (Which I couldn't eat. But which looked awfully good.)
You can be the captain, I can be your first mate!
third party recruiter
Yeah Yeah Yeah, haha. Once in 10 years.
good comeback, thanks for the twitter love. ;-)
I'm thinking about the B&N Nook Tablet. It is using the Android OS, so with some geek magic, you can get to the Android Market.
lol I meant email...
RT : I'm amazed that people aren't spontaneously combusting at MLA already.
Friend's blind date started with him on the phone. Then over dinner, he got on the phone for 10 min again at the table.
Do you want to help us with prepare taxes for those in our community? If so please let us know!!
Is your child ready to stay home alone? CPMG's Dr. Anna Mendenhall tells parents know if your child's ready on SD 6 SD Living, TODAY at 9am!
I love you.
Too many baby fathers, not enough husbands.
ignorant AND you failed to develop your mind? I can only excuse one of those...
My nursing professor sounds like a lesbian basketball coach. She just said "vag birth" and I almost died.
My mom listens to The EP more than I do. She even memorized Glad You Came & Chasing The Sun. The things you boys can do. :)
what's like larghoawerhitgpawrbe?
It's like I'm there!
thanks for saying hello. I still have my old chess club jacket!
You missed Cake, homey!
my screen broke and I can't see anything!:/
New McDonald's Chicken McBites are perfect for sharing, or not - we wont tell! Snack size now only $1.99!
Thanks for getting the word out!
i'm dying inside
the enemy might well have gotten a hold of good God gift & made it into something bad & ugly - rebuke the devil openly & live in love.
handle yo biz then. Beat her face in then stomp her
Good job shanks
just witnessed some ah-mazing girls singing "fancy" at karaoke at winners.
Floyd got dis
GIVE A HOMELESS PERSON a BOTTLE OF CLEAN WATER next time U SEE THEM....INSTEAD of LOOKING AT THEM FUNNY....YES
Thanks for following! Also, thanks for your work for our communities!
IM finally gonna do my the motto ive been wantin to do for months. i guess im doin it solo lol
Nah, it'll likely be fine. Somebody will sit him down and explain what's up.
Doop this, Philly.
LOL! I'm not much for destroying stuff, but ' tweet did tickle me.
Can't wait for the bout tomorrow at the Expo Center vs. , to the victor goes the spoils!
ha glad you enjoyed class!
Thxs So Much 4 Reminding Me Ill Post It Later In Your Fb Page Rite... Give Me The Link Plsz
"You get me in room of high class people.....and then ya act real rude to me..."
Oh You know we always want to see our Burnicus! ;-)
You are the best Mom ever. Me, not so much.
WHY ISNT CAITLIN POSTING ABOUT HOW SHE GOT A REALLY GOOD SEAT TO THE KANSAS CITY SHOW ON HERE!?! heheh :D She got tickets <3 WOOP WOOP! :D
happy birthday bro!!!! Have fun down there!
HARRY!!!! Don't be mean ;)........ Lol but Savan and donkey look similar!!!!
I want a lollipop :)
oh wow lmao
“: Your body is my playground....” Im ready for recess!
Waiting in line at gamestop with
We can't wait to go out to the Long Island #Wineries this summer! Always a fun weekend activity.
I got the same love for old school r&b that i have for old school hip hop
Hoping Belichick changes this... RT : reports coming that will sign with
I like that!
": Random: love y'alls music! Will we be seeing more in Feb?" Sprinkle of Greatness is coming!
Break a leg! This weekend The Vault Ensemble kicks down the door of economics and punches vampires in their sparkly faces with...
Got ridiculously excited when I remember The Bachelorette starts tonight.
Wearing my STUNNA SHADES
I don't think I could make it as an artist. My mind is about to explode just choosing a color scheme for my bike build.
good luck to everyone buying tickets soon. xx -breezy
RT : RT : Due to #Colts win, free breakfast at INDY area Denny's with purchase of a beverage 6-10am
Dodged puppies, ponies, and parents pushing strollers on my run this afternoon. Human obstacle course!
you bet - is representing ;)
Hi sweetie :-) please don't forget bout me :-) I want to be in your awesome film :-)
Nothing makes that acceptable. No matter how much think they are above the law. And I'm usually pretty OK with law enforcers
Carl's Jr. coffee isn't really that bad.
Congrats! That is fantastic!
What? LOLOL SOME crayfish account followed us:$
i cant believe they did that...... they are the same people who live by the "I can have this but you cant" rule
Why is it so spicy!!! I hate it!!!
just vote for her :D
yes they should!
“: Though the way it happened was noble, locking myself out of my house still makes me feel like an idiot." - time for a quick 9?
Was visiting a forum I hadn't been to in years. I'm amazed at how much misinformation there is about what affiliate marketing is and isn't.
With the Warm Weather coming this weekend, check out our spacious Guest Rooms and refreshing Olympic Size pool. A home away from home.
entire families will be camping in his hair.
The #Spalding baseball team won 3 games and is the World Series champion.” located in Louisville ky
The Last Song is #oneofmyfavoritemovies! ♥
loo. I was all like :O :O when you said it tho. But I kind of screamed too...
I love #ModernFamily. Such a well-written show.
RT : Your relationship with GOD is more important than any thing because you know for sure thats a relationship that will last
I wish I had your room -__-
Left my iPad charging overnight ;_;
"If fear is cultivated it will become stronger, if faith is cultivated it will achieve mastery."
What do you think?
Finally some patience at the plate. Well done Rickie!
That's redundant - you said United States twice.
And, now my kitchen sink is leaking all over the floor.
Power out in most libraries on Seattle campus, inc servers hosting our websites and services. No ETA yet.
Yep for a minute RT : you downtown by the Studio?
RT : Victory Yakima Glory and Coronado Dumb Blonde just tapped for a delightful Sunday session..
meth is a hell of a drug
Baking brownies
Yeah....I hope you meant a strong 7-8...UK already has a strong 5...
So is Pepsi Next Pepsi's answer to Coke Zero?
My mom is the realest, sometimes confined, overdramatic, unreasonable, exaggerating, annoying & unsensable but always real Happy Mothers Day
Will So b WatchiN #KeepinUpWithTheKardashians Tonight!!!! If YoU WiLL b Too, RT!!! <3
Though I do have to start real day job work after lunch. Every cloud has some kind of lining, silver or otherwise, I guess.
Hahaha! Philosophical gangsters.
RT #SmartPundit2012 kicks off NEXT WEEK! Who do you turn to for the best coverage? Get ready to nominate your faves
My body is asleep, but my mind is awake.,
Twitter diet stop, no more coffee. Have a good day everyone.
The photos of the hotel planned near Maricopa Point are scary! Glad the #GrandCanyon dodged that debacle!
not much wbu? :)
Central Asia quake killed 13. Somalia famine killing tens of thousands. World crisis will continue as society grows in complication; getRedE
4:16 and my ass still up
Come on Cuse, gotta stay on them!
So thankful for all of the love and support from all of my family and friends. You guys rock and I love you all. BIG GROUP HUG!!!
Swish! Swish! Poof! You are hereby annointed honorary Mermaids and Mermen!
starting by me D:
I. I.. I. Speechless.
wow.. awesome, I love Beverly Hills! :D
Haha RT : Members of #teamfollowback....what's your aim in life?
OFF TWEETS Peaches'+Apples'=<3
STOP LYING TO ME
thanks, I'll check it out
Happy Birthday!
Next meeting of Potomac Yard Metrorail Implementation Work Group, Wednesday, May 16, 6:30 pm. #AlexandriaVA City Hall.
i see a menstrual cup in there
Sorry to see you go. Set up shop in CT and take a run at it?
had fun at the Brantley Gilbert and Eric Church concert tonight!
Humility and hard work will take you far.
lol I just saw this tweet! I was at work. I still have it installed just haven't paid the bill. World of Warcraft = $$$.
no problem......night
Reports that Occupy DC is being evicted, solidarity and hope for the 99%! Don't give up!
RT : RT : I totally concur. I would give up donuts for Lent but not John Hamm.
his knee got jacked up!! It looked like his knee cap collapsed...the was a hole where it should've been
Amazing jazz at Dimitriou's Jazz Alley... Arturo Sansoval.
Like Pac did say he follows God's laws--what specific laws? No doubt the reporter put in Lev quote but what law is Pac referencing?
Do you ever think about what the dogs would be if they were a superhero? These are the questions my dad asks (:
rules2live by~be kind,gracious, patient,slow2condemn&quick2forgive,be of strong faith,believe in yourself,&always give more than you take♥
I doo! Hahh sometimes.. mostly though I don't give any fucks <3
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 3200 calories! on 5/16/12 at 8:55 PM
Chilling after school today
Using one of my favorite southern tornado terms, "hunker down"
Jon Daly in the hunt at the end of Round 1, Rory Mcllroy takes early lead..#PGA Open Championship
6 of my Elite 8 still alive... in the one season I limited myself to one just-for-show bracket.
Owe let me see wat I got n science
Looking forward to meeting you & learning about #THATCAMP on Fri. And I'll put in a plug for the North Shore for house hunting!
Late HUB nights like these are why I keep a hoodie in my desk :)
Thanks, Sam!
We do believe that you've made the right call today :)
awesome email me whenever :0)
As you do.
Titus Maccius Plautus~ I am always afraid of your something shall be done.
Follow and be sure to tell them sent ya!
no lol. It's smoke like a junkie, fuck like a nympho
I don't want to be followed by SPITTERS (SPAM TWITTERS)
that aint no lie, google docs, and there new drop box or deal... I feel dumb using this but time to learn..
@ gottino Restaurant NYC a glass of wine before going to work!
Wikipedia, Google, Watson: To gather, To access, To analyze / Duderstadt at
Favorite original nintendo game?
Switching the page from bail bondsman to landlord. Gotta give 3 day notice cause people think rent free. I'm evicting them after 3rd day.
Something about April fools lol ok. I'll just go back to watching Desperate Housewives. it was a joke babe:)
I take that last tweet back, at least Louisville got a moral victory from a true freshmen
@ gertrude, it was flashing wit
Thanks, dad, for your faithful example of the Gospel. I know who God is because you have shown me.
I love him so much, like you have no idea<21
hahha I heard it did that! That's ridic!
Ever listen to Avril Lavigne's "Sk8er Boi" the progression of the whole song is kinda nuts..
“: “: i would like my clothes por favor... #answermytexts #byehoe” and Chad's swimsuit😏” Please😁
do you know what time will the DLC be available for eastern time Tuesday?
For the month of September, everything I buy will be bought off of Ebay. What are some common household items you buy off of Ebay?
don't start no shit br0!!!!!
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. - Dr. Seuss
He Never Said It Wasn't True
you had me at hello
My SOC duties today include labeling report cards and shredding stuff
This hoe Tammy is childish af!!!
My professor just posted: "All outstanding work must be submitted by May, 13, 2014." So...I get two more years to finish this exam? AWESOME.
You mean from a 'save a good example, raze the rest' POV? Maybe. That was the logic that doomed the Stock Exchange.
#occupypdx RT : Unitarian Church has been of great help to occupiers
Lunch and Dinner Deal: Buy a Half Pound of Ribs and get Chips and a Drink for FREE! Nothing is better than FREE! We're open till midnight.
Thanks cuz! You are too ;-)
Investors approve new board at scandal-hit Olympus
? Clickable in iPhone app... Not in echofon?
"Enter the 36 Chambers". This album brought me into rap and introduced a life long love of the Wu Tang Clan....
hah. some people REALLY dont understand.
The reason why she ("Gabby" Sidibe) says she does movies - just made me feel sad for her and that perhaps she doesn't get it.
THERE YA GO
Using SPDY on Your Web Server - ReadWriteWeb
Wish you could have made it. Side note: I stopped by H&M a couple weeks ago - had a great chat with Byron. What a great place.
Winding down the year. What was your most significant #interpreting encounter this year? Would love hear.
Did you know that the idea for Earth Day was hatched in an office bld at 2000 P Street, NW leading up to the first ED in 1970?
I hate remembering things I want to forget.
Mornin' sat through presentation on interpretation of bog bodies by Eammon Kelly last night - I miss Ireland & civilization!
Impress.js integrated with
I can't wait to graduate and leave.
Thanks for the RT - handsome kitty on your profile too!
thanks Lance!!!
I'm Probably Not gonna sleep eating chocolate this Late :] Hehe "DONT TELL MY MOM!"
Fauja Singh, 101 yrs. old, running the marathon; you are the man. Now that's cool, so very cool.
THEY DON'T KNOW ABOUT ME AND YOU ~
Alabama state motto: At least we're not Mississippi.
Glen Greenwald YUCK #maddow U went from one segment w/ assholes to interviewing an asshole.
House Education Committee hearing SB 576 on charter schools. and also testified in support.
#tnla12 Information is a means to an end. People care about getting a job, not finding resume books. Link to the situation of the person.
Cleaning cleaning... I hate cleaning. Need ;)
Everyone should have a relationship with a holistic veterinarian.Having a balance between Eastern and Western medicine can save a pet's life
So youre telling me I need to return the bucket and magnets I just bought? Damn!
Welcome! Have a great day!
"If you're running away then I'm looking for you - And if you've lost your way I'm seeing you through." ::deer tick::twenty miles::
Never change for anyone but yourself. You should never live anyone else's dreams but your own. Make them come to fruition.
I give good advice all the time!
Does anyone watch #idol any more?
This wasp is intent on terrorizing me.
If you scratch your back you need to scratch mine:3
From Editor of CARVE: one of the best things an online lit mag can do: winnow down amount of content posted at a time
At the 19th best bar in the world, apparently...
send it to me I couldn't download the 5 free beats my damn EVO phone is trippin smh i wanna hear them
"Beans are the future!"
You should respond with a rousing bout of exercise w/accompanying loud music at 11am. Perhaps a little marching in place?
Love when the whole family is home
May the Fourth be with you
"Just when u think it can't get any worse, it can. & just when u think it can't get any better, it can. ;)"
RT Obama's in LA to promote his "Forward" campaign slogan, which is ironic since he'll be the only one moving forward in traffic.
thanks for the mention!
The Doors!
<=== now following
Houston We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
No. I actually shot him. I don't wanna go to jail, sheesh!!! :-P
Good luck to senior James Kornfireld at his tryout with the , Senior will be held out of the tryout with an injury.
good lord. See u later.
RT Just heard my first "Trayvon Martin-George Zimmerman" reference in a song. Usher ft Rick Ross - Lemme See... *shrugs*
Happy Independence Day TMC!!!
21 Jump Street...please go see it. I respect Channing Tatum so much more now.
#supercommittee #superfails 4 days before black friday - cancel christmas everybody!
Make sure you are registered to vote by 5pm Tuesday May 9 for New Mexico
Excited For New Jonas Album 6
Just need to know what that Pussy like. So one time is fine wit me!!
me miss you too my oh so phony bf
Thanks for the Snap love, Anna! --Glynn
what do you do when someones having a seizure in the bath tub?.......throw in a load of laundry.
will you marry me ?
How was your da today?
In Buddhist tradition, sandalwood scent is believed to transform one's desires and maintain a person's alertness while in meditation.
Weird....don't know why I'm so lethargic today. I should keep busy, but I think I going to sleep first. > - < z
"If you want to know who God is, look at Jesus. If you want to know what it means to be human, look at Jesus." -N.T Wright
ATL folks, come to the BC Alumni Association's Third Thurday Happy Hour
YES I wanna rewatch that! :3 I'm watching fairy tail right now and I hate myself LOLOLOLOLOL
Or heard of "If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know." ~Louis Armstrong
The faded life nigggggeeee
#First20SongsOnShuffle #17 Breakn' A Sweat by and The Doors ( Remix)
i got called by someone in nebraska lol
Imagine covering a b-ball game, only showing your team's best plays, and opponent's mistakes. Welcome to Political Coverage on cable news.
Fun Fact about the word Tornado - "Tornado" was a 14th-century sailor's word for a violent, windy thunderstorm.
r u there to learn?
Me and #oomf met on MySpace O__O
Happy 93rd birthday to wise Nelson Mandela. "Resentment is like drinking poison and expecting it to kill your enemy." - Nelson Mandela
Buick Verano commercial is on my nerves. Baylor and Colorado is intense.
We needa find a different time to do this cuz I never have time to kill Ed
Thanks gents. It was brief and passing, but certainly out of nowhere. (or so it felt)
W/ Burger King sponsoring USA Basketball (& McDonalds being Olympic sponsor): r there other non-Oly sponsors partnering w other gov bodies?
Happy Birthday to my big bro !!!!
I think it was Corydon.
I wna leave. I realized y I havent...
"4 we have heard of ur faith in Christ Jesus(the leaning of ur entire human personality on Him)absolute trust & confidence in Him/Col 1:4"
hey, lets go get dinner sometime soon - been awhile.
Never lend a geologist money. They consider a million years ago very recent.
okay.. maybe next week? Just let me know...
#GREG never will forget you
Did you know that Billy Corgan owns his own wrestling company?
I'm watching the most random movies tonight. Mission Impossible followed by 17 Again.
Hate when ppl post a picture every 5 minutes instagram .. don't nobody care & your ugly af lol
VISD to consider dance/drill team uniform contract bids at meet.
And I wasn't even trying for punny... Just playing off of your "thepeche" which happens to be taken. Have a great weekend!
Middlesex and it's free :) xx
Anywayz, I'm done 4 real!! I forgot I shouldn't be discussing real shhh on twitter!!
Shut up, Dakota Fanning
-- And just like that... the Yankee Captain now has 3,100 hits!
I took my mommy to T.G.I. Fridays lastnight!!
Yes please stop yo how old is princeton is he 16
Ces Convention in Las Vegas Jan 2011 Offering discounted group rates or individual rooms Rates Book now www.myvegaspeople.com
friends are the family you choose for yourself
free lil Ivan & Cripple
I wish could compete in the Baltimore Grand Prix if I had enough funding #totalletdownfor2011#
I have been taking in about 1000 cal per day and doing too many sit ups...
Big Is In.....BE PROUD OF WHO U ARE
filming today! Its nasty outside so why notn
More more hours of the day w 's new extended hours on Friday & Saturday with the bar staying open until 2AM!
#pot #nokettle RT : Ryan: "we all know Pres. Obama can't run on his record."
YAY I feel loved :')
Should I let him take me to Puerto Rico...?
Lmaoooo!! I haven't promised ANYTHING!!! And WAIT!! YOU was tryna get me to smash one of your friends!
My dad told me to start outlining on what i want for a tattoo <3 yeuss
Thank you for those kind words. I visited your website and your talent shines thru. Your photo of the month was incredible.
Today's recovery from yesterday's insane gym-venture: Plenty of water, yoga, chocolate cake. (What? I earned my treat.)
Nothin like sprinting after a bus on a Tuesday morning
where we staying :)
no there not it saying on facebook a list of like place to stay in anaheim california
"Of all there is to know, the most important thing, is to know that we know nothing at all!"— DJohnson T&B ComingSoon!
Amen! Libraries, by and large, don't have the expertise to solely fund/run publishing venues, but I think we can help.
the kings are playing like they have been playing drinking games...badly
That's messed up!
id be happy to, as soon as I learn how to do it lol.
Damn dude… that is old school.
hey what's up? Justin
we got another 3 hours in on the mural today, photos coming soon! :)
What do you get when you cross an idiot with a watch? A cuckoo clock.
Im tired , half asleep and have to take a 4 hour AP English Language test. -.- 😒
Please let me know if you are going to HP DISCOVER in June.
Environmentally speaking, what are the 7 most harmful consumer activities? Any guesses?
Some people will accept the Truth
were in panda. & Rosy, Mike & Ronn are makin a big deal bout it. if we don't go today we won't be allowed in their property
W/out the streamers ppl wouldn't know the truth thx!
It really sucks to be scared to text the person you like because you think you'll only be annoying them
kidding...right?
Its over by the Stacked Pickle on Old Meridian. I wont be back in time from out of town :(
you stand on Dr king's shoulder? While depressing others civil rights! Some still fighting! Medical marijuana rights
How was everyone's Vday????
joins, or just renew your membership.
don't be jealous cause you aren't here for my mini shrimp boil ;)
will do!
Police say Samantha Koenig first person in Anchorage to be abducted by stranger since Joshua Wade kidnapped Mindy Schloss in 2007
i have been super busy lately not much on line time
A massage would be good right about now
Stannier: Its not just tollbooth workers and cashiers, automation will also put researchers out of a job
“: oop! lol...too bad i cant see these emojis, missing the whole thing #womp” 😂😂😂👎
So exciting.. Welcome + Congratulations!
I'm pretty sure Sabotage by the Beastie Boys is the greatest music video of all time.
Great suggestion! Thanks. How about The Blessed Damozel by Dante Gabriel Rossetti?
Proverbs 18:21 Life and death are in the power of the tounge , those who love it , will eat its fruit ,
To be honest it was a bad idea. Lost alot of fans. Rap shouldnt be for kids anyways.
finally did a pedicure, pretty toes are back!
if u get the wiki working lmk, sounds interesting
We got to try your brownies at Lucy's in Hood River, they are indeed Blissful!
Sitting in the same room with Johnny Depp and Tim Burton yesterday was a trip.
you look beautiful! Congrats on your wins.
Lying in bed this morning in London with no particular desire to get up anytime soon.
Happy Birthday! Why should we confine birthday greetings to Facebook?!
sucked but there guys get paid too, cp was due 4 a clunker & doesn't seem 2 do well in non save situations
I hate when i'm about to retweet someone but then I realize their tweets are locked.
I love it when wears his "Somerville Rocks" t-shirt :)
Don't I know it! Would be interested in sharing thoughts sometime if you are. My contact info is at www.notmessenger.com
i wanna show love 2 my gf she's been workin so hard these past few weeks-Although we talk less i understand && am So Proud of U
... Next time you start, I will be like, "WAIT NO REMEMBER THAT TIME..."
i followed for you :))
Car sex in the rain wiff my Taylor at 230 in the morning? #YesPlease ;) <3 #Nom! <3 P.L.U.R.<3
Hey guys! Whats up?
Longest fucking walk ever
thanks for the reply.
We are the curators of our own consciousness.
Crap. I meant if #Buckeyes loose. Lol RT if #BEARCATS loose you have to do a show next week with
absolutely!! I'll email you soon!! :)
Life may SUCK like HELL!!!! But, I suppose you can't have a rainbow.......without a little rain.
Scottsville Farmers Market is open today til 12:30 PM.Find us at Scottsville Pavilion: 125 Fleet Street for your GPS!
but drew gets sexy time...you don't
And I totally understand if you don't have time for me but try & make my wish come true!<3
I want to sleep.
Since the season is over, it's time to start dating again. #singleduringseason #dedication?
Since Chamomile is made from flowers, not the tea plant, it is considered an herbal infusion. We love it no matter what you call it!
This Saturday meet NYT Best Seller, YA author, Gayle Forman Community Center 10 am.
What I miss?
I know babe, I know ;)
I just realized the wall calendar at my office is still on January...
Thanks for the S/O!
And you go coach Bieste!
one day at a time bro :-)
are u mane in this year ?
yupp. I gave you $10. Well, I gave it to then he gave it to you
#ThingsThatAnnoyMe when people don't acknowledge you until they want something, Then they go back to ignoring you.
hey you:p so im bored and layin in bed and thought id say heyy & whatsup?:p javent talked to u inna while
Some ppl take hella pics but still haven't mastered the technique of smiling with they grown ass,looking like a stroke victim
i regret deleting my myspace.... i bet it would be hilarious to go back and see how i was haha
Absolutely! Just give us a call at:858.490.3930 and we can set something up for you
Thanks for following, Jordan!
I'm the one bumpin' the Beasties near Whittier Park, y'alls.
where/how can I find more info about Item#26 DOB regarding Chelsea Hotel that passed last night?
I do enough already, beliveee me...
WHOS GOING TO THE MALL?!
Feel better babe
note to self: trying to get anything done after waking up from a NyQuil sleep is damn near impossible. worse than a hangover, just horrible
Yum indeed!
I hope we draft an OT tomorrow. Or Saturday.
Get a new "do"this spring. Why not? Try some highlights.. Go for it!
Battle of the flavors: Oreo vs. Raspberry Chocolate Chip... ready, set, choose!
good Morning to all my followers!! New week to get it in...
He's still a Democrat, right? Then, I doubt I'd agree with your book report.
work it out! I'm writing my way to a better position.
We're all waiting for you to eat crow, Skip Bayless.
After and Carrie will be the award for Best New Artist... My heart is with
and breathe deep!
was your account hacked again?! ; )
Today's students are increasingly nomadic learners.
also on the #entrepreneurship panel with is and melissa honohan, founder of momentum strategies.
You've found out, i've got a crush on you. Ah yea 👌
Love is a beautiful and precious feeling. Dont make no mistake about it...
#Sing just in case he Answers I'll murder babyboy CaseyAnthoney #It'sAStateOfEmergency
For every beauty there is an eye somewhere to see it.
yeah I'll hit you up closer to summer time
"My imagination makes me human & makes me a fool; it gives me all the world & exiles me from it." -- Ursula K. LeGuin via
- Rather, quite a few have shown a proclivity to put up poor-to-modest numbers when working with a HOF QB.
Can't stand the suspense of waiting for to appear in Apple App Store. Microsoft Courier for the iPad, godspeed.
We're looking for a speaker and a venue for this month's event. Interested in either (or both!)? Let us know: contact at refresh-dc dot org
the fact that you have researched this and its possible has made my day. I need some helium and ballons then i could try it
The #HondaClassic has to be pleased with the names in their top 10: McIlroy, Woods, Westwood, Rose, Schwartzel, Bradley, McDowell, & Fowler
We are excited for our yogis starting Level 2 our teacher training today. To our future teachers bringing yoga on & off the mat.
Shut Up
It cant go down like this .
thanks so much for the kind words! A big THANK YOU from Tad & Dan!
I'm a senior. I graduate in May.
Everyone go follow !(:
lol I bet you just said it and chuckled about it ha
That's because we love you! Must say, your flowers are a beautiful shade of purple.
Thank you for messaging Have you seen our website & list of top 10 albums of 2010? Hahaha jk Sry for auto dm.
no problem! love your content...keep up the great work!
Let's Have A Full House Of Leather!
black friday shopping done. happy to be home got lots of great deals and even got a new Bikini.
hi Will follow all my friends
Speed Dating event for singles 30's and 40's
I'm so tired. I feel like it's hard to enjoy life when it's so busy. Need to slow down just a bit.
I freaking miss you. I feel like I haven't seen you in forever. & it feels extra long b/c I've been weedless ):
But most importantly #HappyMothersDay to my Madre without you Id be nothing. I love you.
does butter really have 200 calories per tablespoon?! I LOVE real butter, but I wasted half a day of calories on breakfast...
Thanks. I think that's what we'll be doing for now, too (until we start imaging and/or decide about preservation formats).
Indeed it was!
Had beautiful relaxing morning with my guys. No where to rush off to for a change. Heavenly!
A Closed Mouth Dont Get Fed & Closed Legs Dont Get Head
“ Monday Buy 1 Get 1 Free Bottles of Wine up to $90.”
Diplomacy is the delicate art of getting two people to see the world through the others eyes if only for a moment. Its harder than it looks.
my bad:) i did
Dr. Klineberg says more people want to live in the city than the suburbs. Only 1/3 of Americans have a child at home.
- That's indeed the $64,000 question (though its gotta be higher by now with inflation). So much is out of the gate already...
i love You kelli.!!
Nonsense! Don't listen to those kids. 30 is far better.
I'm taking my dad to see #TheAvengers today. Should we see it in 3D or 2D? I've been disappointed with action films in 3D so far.
Julia Washburn: NPS must be "audience advocates" and "create programming with our audiences, not for our audiences"
why did she say bye forever now!?
I love that my girls have bilingual friends. Also cute: when parents call their cell phones & I hear 1/2 conversations I can't understand.
RT : RT : Money is part math, part emotion.
Ant hill
Popeyes on St.Nicholas...Such a decent Sunday Uptown.
“Live by intuition and consciousness.” from Yogi Tea
RT : Small Business Saturday is this weekend! November 26. You know what to do.
RT : A successful person is one who builds a strong foundation with bricks that others have thrown at them.
Wish everything and everyone were still the same but shit i guess we gotta grow up some time.
This is so messed up . I just made a twitter so I can talk to the boyz now they're gonna delete them. Are u fucking kidding me
I might have to disagree..Crispin Glover has more sharp angles...
Oh lol it's an iPhone 4s :)
Who is going to be at this Saturday with and ? WE ARE!!! Stop by the K-LOVE tent and say hi!!
will be in prymont? In October ish. Know of some cool food spots?
So basically, Brett is the only Yankee who doesn't feel the need to try to hit an hr every at bat? It's called small ball, boys.
Nope. Exec Meeting. Next lunch for me is May 7, 10 or 11.
oh ok. Well i'm trying to drive up there if you just want to ride back..
Not going to listen....ok wtf am I still standing here for
how is lil mama and little Romo doing??
That was so embarrassing
why grow a 'strictly ornamental' pineapple? my mom & i were 1st elated, then disappointed, finally puzzled seeing one @ garden ctr this wkd.
needs to be more of us ;-)
Its cool. I'll totally move. Though I don't understand most British humor so I might be screwed.
thanks nick. i felt the spirit just run away with the negativity. let's be positive!
At a party I hear "holy diver." once again reminded of
U got niggaz datz around u!.. Dey gone try dey best 2 dwn u!.. Keep dem squarez up outcha circle!.. Wat don't kill u will hurt u!..
Getting Rod opening day tix
#How2MakeABlackPersonMad by trying to act like us.
Talked to the new Bucks rep today. She seems alright - since you left town on us. Haha
RT : "Well I'd say my weaknesses are I work too hard & also I murdered all those teen runaways." -near-miss job interview answer
It is! Fog is one of those weather things that is just bizarre.
Good Morning Milwaukee.. Start with a 20 minute walk/run, a piece of dark chocolate and an orange to start your power day!!
no wonder you looked familiar ! I enjoy your music by the way and your hugs :) ! xoxo
Ready for my time.
Good Morning World!!!!
When I stood up in BIOLOGY and everybody stared at me and I tossed my test into the trash! Thank you for the inspiration.
Was #Parenthood EVER nominated for a Golden Globe? I am obsessed. This can't be.
"Goodnight Nathan" - Harold Finch
Our students are making things happn!! It is just so exciting to see!!
Happy Mothers Day ICONic Momz without you guys the boyz wouldn't be here !! ♥
studying is goingto be the death of me this semester :(
Thanks Peter, I really appreciate it. Congrats are in order for you as well, Mr. Armchair Analyst! Good things!
Go have your party somewhere else if you don't like this one >:)
#68 Airplanes to Anthropology | 101 Things To Do
Don't mean to sound corny, but DONT stop believing... There IS a God!
Seattle can be a really beautiful place sometimes.
For experiential learning projects: start small, and have very clear, discrete milestones and checkpoints along way.
You and I both know this is not a simple win/lose situation. To present it any other way is offensive.
If Twitter and Tumblr were school subjects, my parents would be so proud of me.
Congrats to Lt. Col. Tammy Duckworth for #ywca2012 woman of distinction military/veterans affairs award.
Crawford with 29 saves. Smith with 33 saves. Bickell leading in penalty minutes. Keith TOI leader.
Be a social trainer: encourage learners to ask questions on blogs, wikis, or by video - and recommend they contact you via
"You look like 10 miles of bad road" Charlotte King lmfao
A very heartfelt thank you to Debbie welcomed me into her campaign and made me feel at home.
Since you're now with KSR, are you not going to do HG anymore?
Check us out this Saturday in West Bend, WI @ River Horse West. NO COVER!!!!! Show starts at 9:30 pm. Come be entertained.
Are you guys still accepting audition tapes? : What else do you want? via THE CANYONS written by BRET EASTON ELLIS
well, I have to walk in the rain so it's not too fun
RT : Even the best theme EVAR becomes cliche when you see it in a hundred panel titles :)
we think so! Stars and stripes everywhere!
Currently in studio with the homie -- #iSupportMyCityV4 -- get with it!!
I know you are on here I can see you in the other room hahaha!
Me: yea computer take that! Your getting shut down! How do ya feel about that? Rachel: Cassie your computer doesn't have feelings. Hahaha
#dailyfeedback - Songs for the Pirates' Opening Day - Sister Sledge/Todd Snider/Steve Wynn & The Minus 5
Time to come see us in the GYM!!
omg so much precalc right now not even funny...
but you dont miss me.
Minnesota Golden Gophers ‘Hockey Gopher ’ Pendant – Gold Plated Jewelry
Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism.
Thanks for the follow! Have a great weekend!
Really want to see Captain 'Murrica today…
thank for the RT!
<3 you. Sorry I haven't been on Facebook much
Looking at all these prom pictures get me all excited for next years prom !
nope, I like LONG acrylics and my stylist is a miracle worker!
what do you think of amendment one?
can you follow me once I follow them??:)
A writer should write with his eyes and a painter paint with his ears. ~Gertrude Stein
: Wow u r so beautiful! Gnite sweetheart!
#Devils score they lead 2-1
RT : Hey everyone.I have THREE codes for Choco Gets A Check Up, a photo book about a very cute bunny who is a bit......
#rejectedluckycharmsmarshmallowshapes: the phallus
left cheek right cheek left cheek right cheek(:
A taste of Kelowna: This city is waking up from its repute as a family summer vacation to a year-round destination that offers great ...
Thank you so much for following! Happy Friday!
was perfection in The Manuel Ortiz Show
Is it Friday yet? I am so ready for the weekend and am happy that we're almost there. So much to do and so little time.
so, who gonna be my 130th follower?? the spot is yours... :D
DY Prep College Prep Day was a huge success. Thanks everyone for attending!
...and you will be tempted by the dark side. You underestimate the dark side - yadda yadda
Stopped in to try one of those new juices they're carrying. $6!? For a bottle of juice?!
and as a final act of vengeance/justice, she touches Lex' face, transmitting some chemical into his system which causes total amnesia of...
Congrats to the #Preds. They look like they can play with anybody right now. Surprised that the #Wings are 1st team eliminated
i can't wait to see u win against JDS and win back the belt hun
Awe that's so sweet. ^_^
Open wounded, empty handed. If you love someone, tell them right now.
Okay, who jammed a red-hot poker in my left hip while I was asleep?
Brad Ziegler, Todd Heap, Braylon Edwards (?), Paul Goldschmidt ~ it's a great day to be a #Zonie!
Me: "Trey I just need to clone you so I know a far away store will do good." Trey "well thats not very Christian." HAHAHA
Catching up on the news on I am really starting to think they are better than the BBC. You can stream them online.
Now, how much have you spent? RT : I just won $515 on scratch offs! Yippee! #FIREnDICE! cc: ah!
Happy Birthday! I hope they got you a cake with candles while you are in jail!
#itsawkwardwhen a girl tells you how upset she is that the love of her life boyfriend of a week broke up with her and you laugh by mistake
I'm excited to be heading to the release party for 's #wuftoom today!
#supportlocalmusic Live random tracks. Requests welcome. Stop by. You know where.
yea bright and early in the meowning at the meowting, about our meowsconduct
shhhhhhhhhhh, I'm trying to kill them with kindness.
can no longer think. Brain is officially shutting off for the night :-)
More golden Friends of Globe shirts printed and ready to wear! ~To MICA friends who are waiting to get yours, lets meet up!
Fuck these pussies. So called champs, straight up chumps!
Should parents get arrested for their children getting or letting them get a tattoo?
Really enjoying Washington Ballet's Rock & Roll. At Harman Hall through this weekend.
trust me, it does.
I shouldn't be laughing so hard.
inevitably: "some people somewhere have different opinions than mine own, and that angers me."
I LMFAO at people who type LMFAO and/or listen to LMFAO.
There's a giant spider in my bathroom and I'm about to cry omg
i hate writing citations..
should go for #phil! Bring home some championships baby!!
Girl you look good won't you back that thing up
better now than with Obamacare ;)
#3WordsOfAdvice Live.laugh. love
Just took the bus. Alone. For the first time. are you proud? Bring on
anytime girlie. Hope you're well. We'll chat soon.
On second thought those shits are ugly. Nevermind.
The old saying is TRUE birds of a feather flock together
Looking for strategic partners in developing an automated health coach using interactive video
what about analysis?
RT : We're going to give it all we got for the last 30 mins of the week. Come join us on KPTV at 10:58p.
" Georgia?!?! I put Tennessee to the east of Montana" ..... Hahaha uh......
"But when he smiles, his face has a gentle, boyish charm which makes women want to mother him."- MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA (1931)
#Elwayed So Tebow chose to be backup/wildcat QB over a realistic chance to start in his home town? Something seems off here
goddam cant stop thinking about the Revolutionary War. I am a tortured soul. bicentennial got me for good back in '76.
That is a great suggestion! Do you think tan background with black font is better?
Go to Salon Boutique 11503 NW Military ask for Nicole. She's fantastic. Tell her Amy or I referred you. :)
nice to see something at least mildly original :)
I'm sold.
I woke my wife up at 4 am & asked if it was okay for me to bang other chicks. She said "... what?" so I'm taking that as a big ol' yes.
hi. You don't know I exist. But I would LOVE it of you followed me love. <3 xx (:
hope you have a good day. :) TGIF
your ego is not as big as my penis.
hm *taps chin* I do have a free set coming and my stock is low....
hit mE up
Thought "that guy has a really strange pot belly" until I realized it was a very butch and pregnant woman.
I actually want to visit the bay area sometime soon, its the thugs across the bay I don't want to deal with
Its Hella Old (x
Boy, I need you to meet me halfway if you want me to be with you.
Did anyone take pictures or video of the high speed chase on Highway please send them to news or !!! Thanks!
we're putting on a fundraiser for qkid's school - lots of items donated by the community - 150 to be exact - gosh it's work!
It seems you can have laser treatments just about everywhere. If you could have one laser treatment/session on your body, what would it be?
ew get off my computr -_- ur burning my eyes gosh my ears already hurting lol
1D looked at the posters already <3
Hey at the very least I'll see you at the #SOBCon kickoff S.Media Club event. Looking forward to seeing you!
Never thought I'd say this, but #Bruins PP may be worse this year than last. At least in #NHLplayoffs. If it doesn't get better
Gosh damn woman, you talk way too much!
Minka. That is a not a post-breakup "look what you're missing" dress. That is a relationship funeral dress.
RT : But you havn't put my Ideastorm 1.0 ideas into production yet << Adding for input
#RoyalRumble The Best Upcoming Superstar JACK SWAggER my Pick
Please follow
I guess Derwin will retire and move to DC with Mel?
Good Luck
Omg my dog just pooped @ pet smart In the middle of the floor FML
BRIEF - Moody's says Oman's banking system outlook remains stable
This pub's right near my apt - definitely need to go check these out!
we'd love to give a giveaway!
I'll be you, let's trade shoes just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain, you feel mine <3
or "In Case We Die"?
Don't wanna get up! Didn't I earn the right to lay in bed all day?
The new version of the conference planner is going to let users add events. Was due for release on 4/20. Hopefully soon!
Awesome! How bout you?:)
Aw man. Well, can you tweet about Selena Gomez and James Franco then?
Remodel Tip: If u want 2 reuse existing faucets in a Kitchen or Bath remodel, atleast use new water lines & drains - WAY less headaches! : )
hey gusie, it was CC by the way...just sayin' - alexis
sounds great! Let's do it!
yeah, I'm going to. I hear it great with aged Gouda
You've got to be kidding me....
anytime someone follows me and the pic is two barely clothed women kissing, I block.
Ha, yes! I'll admit...he's got some raw talent, man.
Yes and... Share it, and you'll be amazed, By the spirit, that heats the rage..
Not much considering a couple friends had just left haha.
great! How is summer over dere?
You forgot the #eyeroll. Just FYI - Dennis let's everyone use them free of charge anymore LOL
WOW! RT : All this talk about Anthony Davis' grill...DID Y'ALL SEE HIS DADDY'S TEETH, THOUGH?!
I hope y'all get your signing. You're working really hard:)
Follow back (:
Baby J & at Jordan Ford 13010 IH-35 N w/the Swap Your Ride offer! Get cash rebates, super low financing & affordable monthly payments!
No one even knows what you trey go through. So it feels likes no ones listening</3
so its 2:30 & I just realized while trying to zone out while watching TV, that I have #Archer on my DVR. Is it too late? So sleepy, Dammit!
2:22 and officially starting this paper...another
I'd have to agree 100%. although at times it seems that some slept right through the lesson. 
now that's an attractive lady.
Thanks. details?
OHmyGAW! I didn't know that Ric Armendariz was HOT, as in his phone have been tapped for the longest time bcaz of ALIVIANE and other things
Never answer when it's private
For 5 minutes, Lyoto Machida made Jon Jones look human. Then that stopped. Damn, the best 5 min ANYONE had against JJ ended with a chokeout
I like ur profile pic, it's different yet cute
Small cat in the street. He didn't want my treat. "I love you, kitty," I said. But he didn't hear me; he was dead.
nothing to do... making brownies. c:
M.. good right about now :) RT Ham and cheese sandwich with a glass of red tampico >
Just installed the #mls matchday app for android...and am quite impressed by it.
Things sure do change
i just got a picture of a mc.griddle. :( im so sad right now !!!!!
done :) help trend
even the sun sets in paradise
Thank you, Sherry! Appreciate the mention. :)
Thanks for the RT's today!
Kids were 1yo during last title. Why hasn't Howland got them the last few years?
add sex and naps; you've got yourself a weekend
add its suppose to be like this much of the week
I am at the General Assembly for Occupy Baltimore. Come out ! This is important!
You cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war.
My cat always needs to sleep right where I am working.
thanks!!! rock on guys! looking fwd to seeing u guys live!!!!
After the time change this weekend it will be officially "winter" in LA. Holidays here we come...
It's like Charlie Brown always getting his kite stuck in a tree. I just always burn the pumpkin seeds. It's a tradition.
Is it one-price for all at AE outdoor, too?
It is better to travel well than to arrive. - Buddha
I will do whatever I can to stop myself from being sick ever again. I can't do this :(
Ohh...I thought I was.. I hate Twitter.. I have no idea what I am doing.
dm me where to send them
I got everything od bieber, ever a life sizw poster and a watcj of him! aand much more i love u bieber, MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
Bring it, storms!
yeah. we got home at like... 7 last night. :)
Mom realized my obsession with zac efron. Lmao. "Gosh, will you ever stop obsessing over someone?"
Taker vs H still
Thanks so much! Feel free to follow me on my personal Twitter for all kinds of giant baby updates:
Can't wait!! Good luck today!
I don't know! But that just pisses me off like for real! Say what? When did she get into an accident?
IM GONE CHILL OUT TODAY
Finally joined the Facebook world! Like us!
sorry to inform you but LSU is my favorite football team lol
they do it cuz they know it embarrasses me.
v.hall
Thanks for sharing our massage deal!
Sorry replies are not collected on our wall so post something with #xeroxdrupa but do not start the tweet with :)
"everything rises and falls on leadership."
That one stress reliever.. ☺
DIVA STATUS! Omg LOVE the color red on you! :)
Many thanks for your support, the 3 days Shen Yun Show has been successfully done in SD, see you again next time (end of 2011/2012 new year)
In love w Refill by Elle Varner...A must listen...love the video too
Its amazing man!
Tina's end of summer BBQ and Bon fire and scary movies tonight I need someone to snuggle with??? Any takers
to win a game you actually have to show up....pretty much the opposite of big blue today
Sometimes the best wisdom and advice comes through the simple purity of a child. They don't see the world as complicated as adults do.
That battle was nothing compared to ICONic Boyz vs IaME from last season.
I wanna know who can make a devastating screwdriver. Any kind of juice and or booze.
On the last boss fight, man it's taking forever!
great bill!!!
yep great was at and still am for 8 more weeks a discipleship training
That's only marginally terrifying.
She wants to fall in love with you but shes afraid of getting hurt afraid of lies and afraid she'll end up with only tears in her eyes
Im so much better without you
Contact ClientRocket today to schedule a free demo and learn more about how RTOREWARDS can reward your customers and your business!
isn't it sad that i haven't been to one of your concerts yet :( i dream of the day i go to one of your concerts :/
yeah, Henderson win that fight !
YOU LIED TO ME :( Whatta dissapointment
My father taught me that sometimes you need to be silent. So at this moment I will be silent.
Im following u so follow me
like you ladies can get guys. Psh
The new mocha cookie crumble frappuccino at Starbucks>>>>>>
lol im cool..superheros never die..lol..naw I brought my dad in for some exam..
A house is not a home unless it contains food & fire for the mind as well as the body. ~Benjamin Franklin
thanks Rich. Yours isn't too bad either!
I can try lol
Morning meditation was great....
i should shove it up their vagina -__-
bravo viva le moda
Been so peaceful though, atleast I can think straight!
S/o to everyone who said they missed me lol i only been out for 2 days
Nice to meet you, fellow writers
Now I know why they call it dead week because it makes you want to kill yourself
nothing but hits at the court tavern in new brunswick tonight.
to have a testimony you have to have some test...thank you Lord
Hey Chad, thanks for the follow. I'm looking forward to connecting.
Good luck with your career.
"All I can do is be me. Whoever that is."
i do , but im not in the mood to skype right now
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 GUYS $5 $2 DRINKS TILL 12 ( TOP SELF INCLUDED) HOSTED BY DJ ROK &
