She may be smarter but we're more decidated.
Happiest and healthiest of New Years to all tweets! Tweet you all next year! Can't wait!
No, your fine love . You have nothing to be sorry about
FYI i do lovee Niall i findd him adorable and i am not a fake directioner <33333333
#liber2011 To obtain EU $$$, generally necessary to over-sell one's project plan. APARSEN currently biting off small bits of the problem.
's Wordpress integration is lacking. In past, done strange things like paste in Word then to Wordpress
I want my princeton . That's my xmas gift to me."
Thanks for following. Going to be in Vegas in april
We have DJ HAM and DJ Denver together for MARDI Gras 2.21.12 at
😂 RT : Bitches be completely hydrated at Alpha & Sigma probates...Not a single sighting of thirst
Between you two and , the kids of Newark are in for some major treats (to read and eat)!
Join us tonight for the Dallas County Democratic Party's filing night event -- 6:30pm at House of Blues at 2200 N Lamar in Dallas!
I love things about her, but I don't love her!
Why do all really old people wear pants like 6 sizes too big. Dude is dressing like MC Hammer up in Pontillo's.
Are there any kinds of movies that you and your significant other just can't watch together? Why?
Just working..:)
This type of diet emphasizes low-fat protein sources, such as lean meat, seafood, low-fat dairy products and beans
Will someone please remove this wall from in front of my head?
what's up with you? :))
Ery Now and then ya gotta to kill a bitch to get some respect!!! Hahahahaha!! Well done Barack!! Boy always said dat nigga was in Pakistan
Im trying to get better. I havent been to school since last week, I have pink eye & a cold. D: Hope your having a GRAND day.♥
Make sure to come to The Garage early tonight and hang out and catch all the bands!
": Half the time I'm thinking...'I don't even need this class to graduate.'" The other half? "Discrete math is so great!"
RT So full of artless jealousy is guilt
no probz boo boo ;)
TY for the follow..following you too...
I want someone to write me a song. That would be so cute!
Heading to the labor temple soon. Good day for a rally
There are days when things go wrong. Computer won't connect, name badges stuck in customs (too many safety pins?), speaker cancels.
Thanks for the follow you fantastic folks you!
RIP Dick Clark
Hey Barney..... All the stormtroopers were guys.
We packed in all the necessary ingredients from nature in our Organic Skin Care, check us out!
go to sleep
And now back to the neighborhood water wars and the one-million-gallon-per-day capacity of the Smedley compound steam pumps.
Nah man I can't, sadly. You?
#noidata - Enhanced Voter file Part 2: Household IDs, geocoded, ethnicity, race, gender, accurate phone #, consumer behavior (creepy), email
Candy making, pizza, red wine, Glee, a sweet lil boy & a funny lil short/long puppy. The recipe for a good night. :)
At Legacy Health Literacy Conference: Making it Clear. Limited ability to interact with the health care system makes it hard to be healthy.
Pastors sell hope to those willing to buy it. No reason you you should charge for a religion
are you guys redesigning or having issues?
i change my username to Sames {Selena G. & James M.} my new favorite bromance..right before Kames! :)
do u think u could say "Happy Mothers Day Mindy" for me? thats my moms name and it would be the ultimate present for her <3 u
I know, don't worry.
Where's he been?
do u know Schwarz? He loves Jewel above most things
You are ignorant white-trash.
bad cause my teacher doesn't teach
Cooke Aquaculture Invests in Wireless Expense Management Technology with Telemanager
Frustrated & confused... not a good combination.
haha I took it.
Thank you Tessa
Russian Circles is my new Get Shit Done music, thanks to and
sufficiently napped after the 5K and with a fresh espresso. Bring on the words!
for real :(
You just blinded me with science.
Heading to for lookaround and processing plans #archives"
Haha, I know. My life will be over.
“: Congrats to my franes & :')”quiet over there (:
I took a tour of the entire rust belt today
Kasino redd is in the house
Our A/C picked the worst week to quit working.
Somebody somewhere looking for a job! Be thankful! RT At work. :(
LMFAOOOO, I LOVE THIS LUIS KID NAOOO. MELISSA THO, I WORRY ABOUT HER.....
I still get a big smile when any track from "Sha Sha" comes up on my playlist.
Play some D now Sixers
we sounded the horn anyway, for the fun of it ;-)
buying football and soccer gear!
I second the #beer comment. Of course, that's why I include it in my bio. :)
you caught me!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 97
"A woman is the full circle. Within her is the power to create, nurture, and transform." ~ Diane Mariechild
“: I realized why Hellen Keller couldn't drive. She's a woman.” << oh shit
Thanks for all the support and retweets! We heart you all big time!! See you next month! XO
When your a black women and you get hit on by different nationalities and not just your own race it's a great thing; you have options
np :] have a nice day!
how often do you play racquetball? let us know if you need any tips or advice.
If Only They Knew - That Song Made Me So Effin Happy... I Love Him A Little More Every Time I Listen To It(: <3
Thanks for spreading the word! Did you get a chance to vote?
Its funny how we use to be cool friends...but then something change because we became total strangers.
Probably a little fresher than Joel Chandler Harris Ass.
Thanks so much for including "The Science of Senior Men (Dating Site) Profiles" in The Daily WOAman.
interesting! thanks.
asking myself the same questions...
sweet sixteen with mir
feels like we are the only ones!
lol. Tomorrow morning around 11am. You call me.
it means you good.
Awesome, thanks!
I realized today I've never met a full blooded Native American. I think I will add that to my life goals.
Um nothing much lol .
Thanks for RTs! gardener
we did it right
Thanks for the follow Glad y'all are on Twitter now!
I wonder how I get myself into situations like this :/
you too?
Thank you for checking in via Foursquare! Great to hear you enjoyed the food.
hahaha, love this!
#ReasonsYouGetStabbed harassing via twitter
I hope your going down that slide a few times Friday...
TY! Like it! Stronger each time you get back up!
I hate that! its the worst. now that's a true awkward moment! :p
VERY pretty! Enjoy your trip.
The big t.v works again:)
Rest in Peace Jr. Seau. Sad day in San Diego. :(
nope never been to Oregon. Fyi folks down here in Austin def hold your state in high regard
Going to the carnival tomorrow trying to find someone to go with me
Hi I have no phone right now!
my unborn makes me so happy going to the doctor yesterday seeing Morgan gave me joy Wen others tried to take it away love u Morgan
twelth? Also, will I ever see you again, my long lost jordan?
I don't feel like going to school tomorrow.
Project juggling
Russell Wilson joins Matt Flynn with the Seattle Seahawks. Happy for him. Great guy.
All the crazies came to my 'berry. :(
so doesn't seem to align with Leo Strauss's work on philosophy. The typerwriter paper makes me think it was by someone at WM. (cont.)
why am I not photographing for you?
I have an library of over $20,000 in music etc. BUT I will BUY NO MORE until they fix customer service
No problem my friend...was wondering about that :-). Hope all is well!
#3WordsForYou kiss me now
Yes. Still be some left Saturday morning? RT : New on cask is a Firkin of Wynona's Big Brown...
my hair stylist just said the higher the hair the closer to god.. omj i love her
you're getting your workout on as I snooze 5 times lol
Why do guys wear belts and sag their pants at the same time?? This truly puzzles me.
Money Saving Tip #37: Rent out unused space in your home.
Just had a paraffin hand soak...pretty awesome.
Thanks for the FF !
hm you'll have to call in for that one... say you're from twitter ... (312) 863-7678 ask for Nick!!
I could probably do 15 about 225 times.
Niggas now-a-days piss me off t-__-
You've gotta be kidding me, Arsenal. What. The. Fuck.
You're stupid. Probably because you're a boy.
RT I need to see if Rope-Lite is strong enough for a noose. I want the people who find my body to fully enjoy the fog mach...
RT You ever felt like you were meant to be with someone ? : its sad but , I havent!!
Mom just told me that when he showed Grandpa a picture of me, he referred to me as "Great an Big"
A baby is something you carry inside you for nine months, in your arms for three years and in your heart till the day you die.
so mad im not at school today #sickandtired of being
:O omg hi i was wondering what happened to you:O
oh and happy late birthday for you too! Sorry skyla!
And to stop blaming referees when his Madrid side ain't winning.
That was a DONE DEAL.....MOVING ON & LETTING GO!!
S/o to all our new followers Join #TeamUET and check out our new music!!!!
On my way to gettin my haircut going to cut it like Frankie Sandford SO excited ! :)
ummmh haha hes alright i guess, lots of stuff going on. He comes home the 24th late at night!
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT. 8pm. 609 E. Washington. This is a massive achievement for Atlas and Madison's arts community. Come celebrate with us.
I'm finally heading back to La La Land from San Fran!
you're welcome G
You can't believe a rumor!If you think something is true about me and it really isn't,don't you think you should ask before assuming it? O_o
Send us a link to the article when you have it written!
Axelrod actually admitted that the Obama policies are meant to keep anyone from climbing the ladder of success as in getting wealthy
so many classes I want to take, so little time
AESAONE (All Ethiopian Sports Association ONE)would like to welcome all to the Annual AESAONE tournament in Washington,DC!July 1st-July 7th!
Mitch McConnell is a remarkably contained and focused model of pure calculation.
well that makes sense haha! Thanks love!
I should have told you what you meant to me, cause now I pay the price
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Wow. Just Wow.
I'm sweeter than a Rice Cake😜😁😝
Obligatory post to keep things shakin'. Been dealing with trademark issues and the wonders of the legal world. Fascinatingly depressing.
": "In the end these things matter most: How well did you love? How fully did you live? How deeply did you let go?" - Buddha"
When my teacher makes death threats >
You mean to tell me, all I need is a $1 and I'm in at #Figure8 ??? #saynomo I'M THERE!!!! w/
Enjoyed catching up with about her new role and where Twitter is looking to evolve. Lots of opportunities 4 brands/agencies.
Dan blank at #dbw12 leading to lots of good questions about how my museum should track what audience wants with dig pubs.
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.-- Albert Einstein
Anybody want to text me? I'm kinda bored. -.-
are you a basketball player?
Are you leaving again, Berni? What's the next chapter hold for you?
SXSW bummer of the day: Was going to see the Low Anthem, but just discovered they're opening for Bruce and I didn't win a ticket. :'(
I’d like to introduce my co-host for tonight’s Tweetchat. Everyone say hello to Megan Zimmerman of Xorbix Technologies
how's that Football recruiting room coming along?
Johnny V delivers a $44 winner in Belmont's 5th race. Another carryover perhaps??
Second day #io2011, what s?urprises r in store?
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I sobered up
Taking another sabbatical – Coffee Sabbatical this one swings up and down the west coast Border to Border! Great Coffee
He went back to shelving, but I could tell he wanted to shush me.
I love Wednesdays. Analytics all day long, numbers & spreadsheets = happiness
This might be a new course or class they can add at IGHR Samford?
DBacks seem like the mega underdog this year. I'm thinking it goes to Philly, but I'm rooting for the Yanks.
What's up with the new at-bat song? lol
The secret of success in any RELATIONSHIP LIES IN TURNING ONE ALPHABET UPSIDE DOWN ...ME TURNS INTO WE
I own a suit. That means I can be a CEO!
S/O to our new followers We appreciate all your support
soccer practice tonight. don't think there will be any running cuz we won the tournament
Got a short film in at Phoenix comic con!! Woot!!
I occasionally wonder if my mom really thought I wouldn't be gaming at this point in my life or just really hoped I wouldn't be.
I sure hope it rains tomorrow. Like buckets and buckets of wet stuff.
Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks for the follows and
Too bad Routledge books are always so damn expensive!
at least your sister goes to college.. Laura will be living at home forever
Just say the #Sparkle trailer. Imma go see it w/
very capable, pivotal exposure.
I'm glad you liked it, in spite of non-periodicity :)
When practicing crow,remember how important it is to lift through your belly button. You will feel lighter and more able to sustain balance.
You can follow #uwsocial to hear about 's presentation
howre u? :p
Starting to get a scratchy throat. I hope I don't have a New Year's cold...
u think im yello i thought i was red
They'd have to supply Doritos at the aid stations a few miles down the road then.
And I realize that tweet just lowered the level of this conversation about 20 leagues.
Can you pleasee follow me??? I love you Deezy (:
Jacquelline Fuller nailed it with her insights & advice. #ideation12 #innovation #nonprofit #tech #womenleadership YESYESYES
that's migh "TEA" fine... Haha
Finally done packing and cleaning. Hesus Christo.
walks out Dad: is that.. Justin. what's wrong with him? Me: LEAVE HIM ALONE. HES PERFECT!
So........we aren't having dinner Friday? Bummer :-p
Thanks for the RTs!
Virginia has had 3 capital cities: Jamestown, Williamsburg, and Richmond.
9 hr car ride with my mom & grandparents
PBS online will have it, and most local stations will do a replay sometime @ 12:30 am.... depending on time zone.
thanks. Btw, dig the new design, look of the CMS - only took a few minutes to reprogram muscle memory.
not at work yet...I'd call...not sure what KU has reserved
I'm feeling trippy
release of new site & collection is looking like december ! working on the art work & clothing ! manufacturer's loved our new sketches !
They need a real wake up call. Bynum has run the whole gamut with me. From holy ish he's Dominant & better than DH to c'mon son
haha that is true but you gotta start somewhere ... Right?
Best Arthur episode is on! Having fun isn't hard when you've got a library card/Jekyll Hyde
Modern real-time DR 2.0 requires one basic thing: distributed stream analytics from local AMRs to MDM Cloud for faster DR KPI calculations
I fixed a physical thing. This is weird.
Anyways....Hi:)
Omg my mom has more game then me! She just got two love letters in the mail from two different people.
Collared shirt with the sleeves cut off....and it was originally made like that?????
Looking forward to ASTD South Florida Chapter's "Trainer's Happy Hour" Friday (8/19/11, 5:30 pm) in Fort Lauderdale;
i just saw little brother at 7 eleven (; lol
What we have given, we receive in equal measure...and more.
Wow, there is clearly something terribly wrong with you.
100% positive? cause i my friend bought 1D tickets once & they were fake -.-
I love when stuff blows up in Chem
been working on an academic resources page for Demetria Martinez's website. Almost finished!
We had the lentils left overs for Valentine dinner. Couple sausages left. How romantic !
I love playing WOW with my son. Especially since the weather here is bad right now.
Students, don’t be afraid of failure and making mistakes. That is how we learn.
RT : Oklahoma State debuts new uniforms tomorrow, will supposedly make them the "Oregon of the midwest."
Just got my for Spring Awakening! You always make my day better , especially after a 15 hour work day!
Someone looking at me probably thinks I'm weird for smiling for no reason, but really, I'm smiling because I had a flashback of us
This was my first time having some. Quite tasty.
likewise! Good luck with the transition to Milwaukee!
“We are like a band of brothers. I know everything about the boys and they know everything about me and we just have a good laugh” —Liam
pandora right now <3
#moverslongisland doing a move right now. will be there for you tomorrow! cheers everyone, thank you for the calls and support!
So we won't be posting any studio update videos. Sorry. Suck it ya nerds!
yeah, that's what I meant by hoping it works out eventually
What do you typically do to help get auditions for a client that you believe in?
“Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.” - George Patton
Nice when you can run to VF Outlet at lunch and get a great deal and eat stuff. Handy stuff on The Corridor.
i'm so sad! I'll be visiting though don't worry! :)
Sitting in soundcheck for the Dove Awards
I am the queen of April Fool's Day . . . already plotting for my first victims! Whahahahaha!
Is it sad that I woke up at 6am to watch my dvr'd #RHNJ reunion?
Pizza of the Week - Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza! Ketchup & Mustard Base, Cheddar Cheese, Ground Beef, Tomatoes, Pickles, Onions, & Bacon!
Thanks for your delightful Pinterest boards. :)
HE AINT THAT SPECIAL IM JUST SAYIN
I'm also a fan of this new Twitter app. I may start tweeting a bit more now.
Ballin With The Boys Charity/Celeb BBall gm May 31 RL Turner HS n Carrollton #Cowboys Legends v #Cowboys new sch stars more info->
shower bound. then scrubs, work, and a possible fourth cup of coffee. yumm.
We are NOW on Twitter! Stay tuned for all the great things happening this fall!
I was offered the lead in the series but Christian Bale begged me not to take it.
Congrats to Tyson Chandler. Defensive Player of the Year!
leaving work....
and now your friends telling you stories that you often misinterpret
Glad to hear you enjoyed it. Thanks for the shoutout!
No longer a spring chicken. Can't party hop like I used to in my MIT days. Time for bed so I can go to my 9:30 panel tomorrow
Huge Congrats to for winning NBT! It was a pleasure working on your first video, you have a long career in front of you!!
do you wanna pay 400 dollars a ticket? My mom sure as hell won't.
Watching "Vantage Point", a political action-thriller according to the DVD notes. hmm... we'll see.
Also, I hope that lives up to the hype tonight.
Damn, looks like I will be going to work on Monday after all.
The Nuggets turn this into a game so Sterns band of misfit refs have to step in and make sure the Lakers don't blow it
Once this chik-fil-a digests....I'll have one less SH** to give...ha!
Cop jokes AREN'T FUNNY. So give it arrest .
isn't it from "dude where's my car" ?
Finally promised and delivered. Now let's see how the HC bill turns out. I am not sold yet, but great achievement none the less. No Cons sad
It was a pleasure to attend The Society of The Friendly Sons of St. Patrick Easter Monday Commemoration.
...we are the canon the kabal the win the loss the draw the compatriot and the outlaw we are revolutionary street vendors somos somos somos.
text me :P
thanks girl!
": Struggles are required in order to survive in life, because in order to stand up, you gotta know what falling down is like."
My Sister Lookedd Pretty af For Prom ;) This Was Thee Only Timee I Claimed her as My Older Sis lmao '
We are live on with and RECORD BREAKING HEAT!!!
with -- M, this raspberry hot chocolate is delish!
girl do not start with me “: you're plugs aren't cute af \(^_^)/”
Anybody need a ride for this damn picnic ? lol
actually he tweeted me back the other night there!
heyy I'm gonna butt in on ur convo
This is really March madness.
I never have to open my COM102 textbook again. Final = complete. I can't believe that was a required class. Just a waste of time + money.
I wouldn't mind so much if the services worked. My email alone has went out once every few days for months.
Thank you to Charles Schwab & Co....we fed 775 folks this week for their employee apprecition day!
Boy what have you done to me to make me feel this way about you <3
Things I with would add: @ functionality (not sure what happened to that) and private boards.
The deficit in California has risen to a sky high $16 billion. RECALL Governor Jerry Brown and his Democrat Legislature!!!
A reminder not to be risk-averse comes up at #PRSAHoosier board retreat. Be willing to #fail. How many of your goal start with that?
no you need a RT : I need a new otter box
Tested a videoconference connection from Atl to Pakistan for School of Public Health class. Audio and video were clear.
Do you sell personalized etched wine bottles? We can ship your wine with a great decoration to your customers in 2-3 days
Sub in first period ^.^
": Ladies:: Finding Mr right is like finding good shoes! The 2 gotta match & they MUST FIT! #MANOLOGY"
Taco time. All you can eat for $4.50. Come see me
Let's just call him what he is, a food rapist.
"I hope that we are not just here to talk about XML. I hope that we will talk about GIS, databases, R, and other things."
Thanks for the nice link on your BLN post Anerio!
Was that article from 5 years ago?
SOLIDARITY, AFRICAN AMERICAN MEN "BROTHER" FIREMAN "BROTHERHOOD" ARMED FORCES "BROTHERS IN ARMS"
i really like my timeline this time of night/day...junk-free.
lol you didn't make that gummy bear orgy!? hahaha
Goal is permanent supportive housing. Interview with Visit www.HousingMattersSD.org
thanks! is an awesome model
Watching #Caps in tv, They just played Pantera at Verizon Centerl
Finally getting in the in-laws house in W Newburyport, MA after a LONG day of traveling!
Perfect. I was doing it all wrong.
Rollin thru Zurich checkin out on a joint called "Rat Race"...sick!!
Car commercial: "Call it sexy. Call it unique. Just don't call it expected." My sister: "Expected. OH. Suck that bitches!" I love her.
RT“: The big homie , co-founder of & super trill OG has just made a Twitter. Follow that man.”
Ouch, dude. Ouch.
are you working on a new song? (:
didn't really get any good shots of him as Chris was in front of him from my side. darn.....
: LOVE seeing you really push to support the artists you enjoy Matt! Thank you so much for doing all that you do for all of u ...
#ff for #indie #mp3's, #electronic #music, #dance, #electro-#pop #songs, #drum & #bass,
Positivity is the bridge that connects you to positive results
When I hear Journey playing from a coworkers speakers I always think, "Is it time to go home already? Am I getting kicked out?"
Life's a bitch. Get over it. I'm a bitch. Cry over it.
Harmonica solo bre
AMEN! Love it!
The are going to bring it in the next round, hope the Miami Milds are ready
congrats on that sick beard & mohawk, oh and that 6th man award too
We gotta get on together sometime soon! (And play Mario Kart on the Wii again...that was SO fun! Lol)
roger. Hmu in like an hr
Too many cute Spring things at #Georgetown plus 65 degree weather... Makes me wish it really was May.
Oh no! Man can I relate. I made a lovely grilled chicken salad and then had 1/2 a red velvet cupcake for dessert
im so into to you....long time no listen to that song
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure. ~ H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Danny Phantom is really hot. That's why I always drew him making out with Sonic the Hedgehog in 5th grade.
#BeatSTL tonight for the #SFGiants!! GET SOME
#SignsYouAreASneakerHead You have 2 pairs of the EXACT same shoe. But in different colors.
Tuscaloosa on Friday, this needs to be a fast week.
Plan your menu choice ahead of time with the TT Build a Meal. Planning ahead, less calories, better choices.
what up playa when u comin to Boston,ma
Ouch. today is a day of revenge.
one can only dream...
Thank you, #aea, for having clearly labeled #vegetarian food at lunch. Most appreciated!
Wash Yo Hands!!!!
I love taylor swift
Fact: Tongue prints are as unique as fingerprints. Can you imagine tongue prints in important documents?
Away from the ignoring 7th grade teacher Ah hate school can't wait to finish it !!!!!!!!!
We're like holding hands and I'm just moving away and it's hilarious hahahahaha
Well, that was a hell of a show! Congrats on an amazing finale night... and the band killed! ...Literally. I'm dead now.
So excited to see you guys on Twitter!
very cool! Hope you have a great time!
I like Ed Hardy snap backs though.
That will affect every portal where I'm using DDRMenu, right?
Looking forward to welcoming them. So glad you are putting your skills to use.
Or if my friend Ty wrote it, it would be called, "Ty Tells Titles." Sadly, I don't have a friend who goes by Ty...yet...
Sea --> Santa Barbara
Happy Earth Day to all!
4 people taken to the hospital.
decaf just isn't the same.
I love just chillin and listening to music in egly :D
Guess What¿ I just ed your numbers and you fucking lost hard cocksmoke. Soree.
Kevin Garnett is BALLING since they moved him to Center.
i bet i kno how 2 piss u off
Get all 7 picks for only $10 now today only! Email for details! 4-1 on MLB last night, all 7 plays today are MLB!
wandered the streets of Berkeley at 5am
lmao I'm already outta school
well yeah....hahaha totally kidding!
Watching Mad Men with Viggle Sun | 7PM | AMC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
the musical icon and jewels are on da road...safe travels...and keep sparkling!!!
is awesum too ;) ppl who follow mee should follow herr too :D #partyrockers <-- :D
GREAT advice!
common rushers lets keep voting! they boys deserve it! they need to win this!
I got your back He is long gone now!
": God is good! Real good! So good that I can't start to tell you everything!" <-made me wanna shout. He is all that & more!
Roses are red; Violets are blue; nothing in this crazy world could keep me from loving you!
so , just got in from an amazing night , and now I need help ! should I play COD or just dance 3 ? (need advice!) 
Hitting the links with my old man!
I just woke up to a charley horse & I feel like I'm dying
Come to ny and I'll be your personal guide I would be honored and would be cool to meet you
you're tellin' me i can just MAKE money right from my PC???!?!?!
#1940census indexing at Ancestry - what is the method to pick states - how are they announced?
PUERTO RICO TOMORROW.
oh noes! If you happen to get into sfo around 9 pm happy to give you a ride :)
Talked with some awesome people! and decided on a songs fro this summer. Booking now email , Rebecca Mabson
I dont have a type, it's simple, if I like you, I like you.
10 yrs ago tonight -Tuck (Fumble) Rule Snow Bowl: Pats stole game from #Raiders in OT! Last game @ old Foxboro. #Boston Worst
Has anyone taken the AIRS Certified Social Sourcing Recruiter course? Search Lab2010? I am investigating CSSR and CIR certification and A…
Singing to the radio. Good that nobody else is around.
Life is an experience to love never take for granted what you have no power over.
Could u talk to Victoria for me and tell her igot a song that i wrote and its copywrighted its really nice and she sing plz!
To all my PR friends in the gaming biz: I am updating my contact list. PM, email or IM me so I can get your info and give you my new details
12th & Porter hosted a great show last night by yet another talented Marine, Stephen Cochrane... nice job!
Thank You Dear:)
well done.
Ppl posting about every lil thing about their life. (n)
ridin a dirt bike for the first time ever>>>>
. come prepared!! Nothing says amateur like someone who stumbles through their lines during a table read.
should I be conserned about Jones-drew being limited with his injury history or put in felix jones?
good morning world :)
Im so tired of him getting involved in my fucking life BACK UP! You are irrelevant shit.
agreed this weather sucks and i want snow, snow, and more snow!
I cant. I have trust issues.
pumpkin, peanut butter pancakes... delish
My phone wanted to autocorrect "campus minister" to "campus monster." I think that's pretty accurate.
she followed you?? REALLY? I'm so JELLY!!!!!!!
Workin at freed motion
To all of you who want to see my foreskin just ask because i have videos. ;)) i dip em in chocolate idk exfoliates dat shit.
Just noticed Reborn is ranking low, along with Kuroko's Basketball, ouch.
Me: "Where do morels grow?" : "In the woods."
You continually call me horrible names, rally for others to do the same. ()
Interesting. To a U Press, lib. pushing for OA can feel like an attack; characterizing their work as 'withholding.'
what do you mean *going* to form? mwah ha ha ha.
Extremely foggy tonight. Kind of creepy.
The round orange and tortoise shell ones!
the question is...why are u still up, dr hue?
Up getting ready for work watching itsjudyslife! it just so funny and relatable....probably why I watch every morning!!! :)
what up homie
I quit being afraid when my first venture failed and the sky didn't fall down. ~Allen H. Neuharth
thought you disappeared into the abyss and that i'd only hear far away stories. hope all is well with you and your family :D
You would. Only you. At least you'd get pictures of it.
Yes! We have a location in #fellspoint and in #savagemd. Thanks for the welcoming!
The world three days Yesterday we lived and will not return Today we live and will not last tomorrow We do not know where we will be
T-Plush comes through again!
It hurts to eat.
49 minutes left.....
going to the Aveda store then I'm free
its my fault doe, he thought i was working </3
Congrats to all for finishing finals! Excited for all applicants who have/will receive ED acceptance letters!
Hope St Peter likes watching Casablanca.
I didn't get tickets:((I am crying now
Davinci is expanding its network all over the east coast! Need a virtual office in #NewYork #NewJersey #DC #Boston etc check us out!
hahaha Hm if you get lucky! :)
UNCLE CARMINE! LOL.
is anyone honestly under the impression that this past weekend was a first for faked injuries in the #NFL??
Haha #withnewt people think they are "fighting the system" by supporting Gingrich!! Hilarious
Don't let it get to you. Be yourself and don't worry about what others think of you.
16 hit or stay ?
to see him. And lunch next week? Definitely.
Give me your digits and I'll sext it sext!
no problem :-)
Bellevue, WA? Anaheim, CA? It's a small world after all. Thanks for the shoutout.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
Going to pick up the Birthday from school!!! Woo hoo, hope her Bday at school rocked! 6yr old today!!!!
is beautiful <33
How do I feel about lingerie? Fuck it, your clothes come off anyway.
Thanks for the support !
story of my life... but don't you start feeling like you really do know them after a while?!?! Oh, my.
Klay Thompson is the new and improved Brandon Roy.
Phone isn't receiving texts for some reason.. if you need to get a hold of me, call me.
Beautiful drive cross town for a meeting. Great way to start the day!
Starting media conference office. and are streaming live!
I still freak a bit when people recognize me by my handle and not my real name.
Welcome to new #UPA2012 exhibitor:
Talk bout Rainin , it's a muthafucka tropical storm outside
somethings wrong with miami???
So I'm reading my first physical book since getting a Kindle and uh... I miss the Kindle. That's a surprise.
Looking to be a grand day in #PDX come check us out if you have yet 2, we are trying to spread all the happiness we can!
by where mikes place used to be. Lmfao.
When you get the hang of this, before you know it you will KNOW you are the creator.
OMG. ICONIACZ FTW is trending. How'd this happen?! LOL.
I hate when the NJYG looks like she doesn't even like Cody while he's singing to her....
has gone ape shit on the music! 50 new musical MONSTERS have been added 2 his arsenal for 2nights event BE there!
A survey says that walking fast at the office makes you look very important.
It immediately exhausted me. And it wasn't worth the effort. People...ugh.
UGH...REALLY-U R SUCH A LOSER!!!!
That's Not Always The Case At All, Sure It's Been Hard, But I Want All The Qualifications I Can Get, To Give My Son & Good Life..
That flattering moment when you're on someones
shout out and a follow :D
Thanks for the props !
That's right $69/month with a free week thrown in there to get you started. That's beats almost all of these other cats who charge $25/day
regional event in #Detroit with about 300 company leaders tonight. So excited to be involved with this health movement.
As are we! #InnovationSummit MT : so excited about coming next week & their recent financing success!
& I haven't even gotten the chance to ride with you & listen to your music all the way turned up in it yet.
#DROPS RT : Hows this for some - I just vowed to never buy again. 3 months still no phone returned
I'm on my phone I couldn't!
Men! They just want one thing! Where are the decent respectable guys?
Yep. I found you through the #studentteaching hashtag. Hope that isn't creepy : ) What's your subject area?
Depends how cranky you are about it. You can feel free to email the Dean and let her know. I'm willing to answer ?s as I can.
Go Nuggets :))
Also joining us on air right now is
Free Dessert per table with purchase of entree on us all week! Just check into Oz on your Facebook, Foursquare or Yelp apps!
Has Jagr made up his mind yet?
The end of an era. I think I will always regret never having seen a live shuttle launch, especially a night launch.
When Josh is hurt, I want to feel that pain. I don't want him to feel alone.
FREE! TONIGHT :00pm Williams Jones College Prepatory School, IL Frank L. Menzies, Director
And when I am lifted up from the earth, I will draw everyone to myself. John 12:32,
Thank you YCS. I think I have found someone with my corporation where I live who is wiling to help me to build a website. Thx tho.
I'm sure you would ;)
Happiness is a bowl of cherries and a book of poetry under a shade tree. ~Terri Guillemets
needs to go to work. Connect. Engage. I want to vote for you but I need to know you care about... anything.
Duly noted!
will video with captivate be recorded.. I'll be at adobe days on campus all day :)
I'm a little drunk on you, and high on summertime
probably not
RT: Disrespect is the ugliest thing somebody can do to another person.
Practice I just hope for the best
Nothing like coming into the office and being greeted with a bagel bar and bacon platter. Thx
Night y'all :D xx
Hi Niall how are you ? :D
I'm going with and of course were camping. Wanna join us?
how about bzzzzsssszzz (:
i saw a chick drown when i was 6?
So I seem to have this issue with the ability to focus this morning at work like I got ADHD or something today. O_o
come on.. u know it won't be close lol
hey Phil! I like your face, will you marry me????
Wow, you really traveled in time to RT that one!
what it is my nigga!
#np drunk on you - luke Bryan
i wana go to sleep like right now because i am like so sleepy but den again i dont wont to cuz imma be up at like 2:00 in the mornin.
I got good pussy that's why he don't leave
I am spamming your timeline? Oh I'm sorry :( But I'm helping my own fanbase to trend something for our idol.
awesome! can't wait to see it!
Soccer Tonight. ATL this weekend for NASA tournament. I pray we can win some games
lol. I can't keep doing that.
Sometimes virtual environment are BETTER than physical classroom,
walking to work in the rain...
Steal ya whole style that's a Sound Bite!! SMH!!
Twitter Special! Buy one get one free on all loose leaf teas. Today only! Please retweet :)
Will you make my night and tweet me something sweet? It would mean the world to me<3
I think there is a lot more to this. simple or strange Will we ever know? R these soldiers on a mission to get out of there
excellent, thanks for passing this along. Are you going to check out the events?
ya I do love her picture too
Social sites provide a wonderful and interesting way to keep in touch with prospects and existing clients.
“there’s not a problem that exists in the state of California that hasn’t been solved by someone somewhere else.”
Five of the best travel deals - The Australian
For centuries Brits have moaned about the rain. What will they have to complain about if the drought continues? Too much sun?
I vowed to stay off Facebook during finals, so I'm on Twitter. Officially allocating wasted time. Hit rock bottom.
the VMA"s amzing justin i loved when yue a slena kissed it was so adorable and no one wouldnt be here if it wasnt for god
...tweet to yall about new videos and what all is going on and stuff. So on this one I will b able to connect with fans more!
Smithsonian + thirst. Just pure awesomeness. Just the beginning folks. More fun nerdy surprises await.
Monsters coming back on to the ice for the third period.
whats the link for the cook up
Every time we open our mouths, men look into our minds.
Very good - Thaibodia restaurant on El Camino Real in San Carlos, CA.
Remember to consume enough fruits and veggies, they are nutrient dense and low calorie foods!
Sore from last nights hill run but was able to run a slow 5.5 miles this morning on the horse trails.
Good Morning!!!
Easter was wonderful... I'm thankful to have friends & family who cook better than I do!
See, now you're commenting on a community (the conservative) one you're ignorant of. The TPers have been screaming bloody murder--
Does that count as a swaggy ?
yes i agree but its a little weird to wish someone a god day
Wow, is live tweeting the sinking of the #Titanic...kinda morbid but pretty cool!
respect for that king!
will do
Kindle Fire: Good...
Order sent to Michelle in VA!
As if the commercial weren't good enough, it had Kobe, the Stones, & is on during Walking Dead. Black Ops = best game ad ever
Has anyone mentioned how much pressure this puts on Andrew Luck.
Luv Ken Lopez wkly sale but oh so dangerous. 2day, author-signed ARC "Nothing to Declare." But I'm a happy book collector.
Lol. Yes I am.
did you bring snacks like I told you?
Today I am wearing a skirt that I made on Sunday. It's made me excited to see what else I can create.
dibs TULSA
Just watched #ufc140 again !! sick fights..KNOCKOUTS, SUBMISSIONS<--broken arms, broken ribs! gotta love the
Don Cornelius (Soul Train) was pronounced dead today. Indications are that this was an apparent suicide. Pray for him and his family.
hockey game tonight :)
A grand total of 16 M & Ms in the "fun size" package. How is that fun?
Davis is nasty
Car won't start... I'm either gonna be late for school or not even go today
I'll have to explore...except I really just want the classic view back!
RECALL from STATE to STATE. NO DEMOCRACY! You mean to tell me the REPUBLICANS are trying to RECLAIM and RECALL the LIVES of MIX RACES.
I'm so envious of everyone who has finished all of their finals already.
dang! We had a track meet. Next time!
lets pay some cod sir
Sen. Scott Brown Criticized for Keeping Daughter on His Health Insurance
Is it just me...or is Matt Painter looking more and more like Vince Gill?
u good wit ur sexy self
Dear dude who's been trying to talk to me on the phone for a month, was supposed to call me today, and who flaked: WTF?
lol well damn!
Certified Prime Ribeye Steak is our "Steak of the Week"! Let me tell you, this is one AMAZING cut of meat! Oh yeah, INCLUDES the sides! ;)
I should be your pop punk princess, you could be my garage band king.
Yeah, that was pretty much my reaction.
Passes for the Lady A Lounge at 8:05a with 'Minute To Win It'
I've hopped on the downton abbey train and I'm never looking back.
YaY if we unite things will change. Advocate 4 any biz,anything that benefit ourChildren with
Waffles bitches
to who..
: I was in outer space hahahah
$16 Key Tips For Striking mmafightingtips.com/?p=16
I better get a chevy!
My phone battery sucks....
we will b there from 6/17 to 6/22...I'm goin on tour next month, I'll hit u up
yes...pause- and reflect on some of #OlensTips for a guide to living well.
Thanks to all who watched & our story last night...but a HUGE THANKS to for sharing U'R LOVE & PASSION 4 Haiti w/ us!
#magento, we are your biggest fans.
will keep u in mind. Thanks
8 more workouts...
Peeling myself out of bed, letting it all go #positively and since I have to be in the #danger zone gonna make the most of it
Hi Mollie. Sorry for the delayed response. We will be announcing the two remaining winners today on twitter..Stay tuned.
#BOYFRIEND was amazing :D stayed up all night listening to it (: lol
RT : awe ekse! Even attacking on twitter? It's the anywhere show...
hopefully you'll get your wish. But I'd add single to that wish before someone upstairs hears it.
If I See Gino Sexy Ass One More Time! I Just Might Have To Kidnap Him
Yay! RT Congrats and - you're going to party at the Goat Farm tomorrow night!
Yes I Am !!!!!!! I'm Better Than You , I Made It In To Loyola . Lmfao ,
- Thanks for the follow!
Right wen im about to lay dwn nd go to sleep..here come dese nurses to start Jayden's IV...
“Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some stay for awhile and leave footprints on our ❥hearts. And we are never, ever the same!”
yall should realy do song together it would sound AMAZING!!!!!!
Idon't hate you. If you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
that's awesome!! Beats traffic!!
Really, why? I think I'm surprised, since they don't have a very distinct flavor at all.
": 2011 report reveals more than (69%) of adult males arrested #Denver test positive #drugs." Maybe so high due to medmarijuana.
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (3)
thanks cuz i cant wait till u get to see it action
where about in Mexico?
Considering some summer projects to start planning... Any thoughts on a homemade obstacle course?
You're only as good as your next shot!!
Glad school is almost ever
Great post. We use our student ambassadors (tour guides) as social media ambassadors. Prospects love chatting with them.
So unsettling. Are you still in that same SE neighborhood?
Great Christmas gifts for fishing buddies.
do you know if Zoe got hers?
I'm taking a shower, be right back.
I cant wait to graduate from college so I NEVER have to stay up all night studying EVER again
Sorry to disappoint, but I think you've got the wrong girl... Never lived in Tampa!
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 24
I'm sure going to miss you guys! :(
ur so sexy! If u got a second plz add us www.facebook.com/thecompetitionchicago
RT Whether it was perceived or real does not change its effects on us
Juicing all day today....
The first batch of invites go out tomorrow. :)
Romney camp tweets picture of Obama only filling 15,000 seats in Columbus or as they call it, the biggest crowd they'll ever see.
Also, really easily un-missed performances. Oh well, you're forgiven.
you have some sick profile pics, brother! Nice work.
2/2 "His believing he's a martian & his dressing as a martian does not make him a martian”
my hubby surprised me wit it I was like...how?! Wat!? Ah! 8D
I wish this would end
best MNeal moment may be him now forcing TT to sign a good free agent DE.
This EP release/benefit show/festival is coming along quite nicely >:)
Gearing Up for PEACE DAY 2011 - May 14, 2011
"Not significantly less expensive"!!! C'mon just say what it is--overpriced!
Monday I wore amazing red shorts to work. Today an office-wide email was sent regarding new dress code enforcement. Go me!
it's just getting a little irritating that some people can't take sarcasm. Ya know?
Really? I never thought of that. RT Patriots must contain Ray Rice next week
Fairness is the most difficult dimension to achieve in creating a great workplace
uh im sitting on the couch and its fun huuhuhu
I love this girl! ;P RT S/o to for being awesome lol.
How can ANYBODY defend anyone, including Paterno, that is involved in this scandal Once again, who's defending the children??
#NSAI members are playing in Murfreesboro, TN tonight at the Walnut House, $6 -Go check them out! It's good for your health!
does it bother you when people mix up your and you're?
Is missing HealthCampBoston and SocialPharmerBoston. I hope to get tweet updates.
intuitive design is invisible.
you only won because I let you win!
I need a breakfast sandwhich
don't worry, we will find you a spot or just start them early!
WALKING BACK FROM THE LOOP TRY AND STOP ME
I bet John Wall is mad as hell right now lol
Come meet our coworkers tomorrow at Pour House Pub! We'll be there 5-7pm. cc
On youtube
What a day .
it's a good day for our city
goin to see P!NK in madison square Garden....so excited!
Good! Let's talk when you get home.
Have a fun
Writing today on lab work in virology and its importance to early decision-making in public health.
no worries, we are taking your private jet to Atlanta next yr and staying at 's condo, lol.
why the unfollow? just curious... :P
plus it's a true statement. Well maybe not the playboy part.
Those virus link tweets. Should I boot the tweep or have they been hacked? I know not to click on link. But don't know if they're the source
miss you!!
nah my nig i jus was gone blow wit you if you was down here
Extremely successful day.... Nice change of pace
Amazing day at #TPC and spending great time with my FAMILY! Looking forward to the week God has ahead!
hey there, welcome to twitter..
"Im a woman" is the best anthem for women ever. A Storng and powerful woman. I challenge you to find a song equal or better.
Are you still at work? It's Happy Hour Time...grab you stuff an come on over!
Boring.. #oscars time for
what was the quote?
Felt it in Va Beach, too! Crazy!
#YUM if anyone has as an account rep for #crew96 tix, tell her you will only renew if she cooks you delicious treats
I fell on my ass and a few on face about 22 times LMFAO
when i come over, please have a poptart ready for me. and i'm not showering.
is great!
the hot air balloons looked gorgeous. Really would like to ride in one sometime. Will you have them again? Cost?
are you watching this March craziness? Last night Duke loses now today Kansas is down?
thanks bro!
The tone of Sarah's Key was perfectly respectful.
Great read! I'm a sucker for a well-written profile piece. I stuck around for the Harrington and Gira Q&As, too... cool pub!
Your everyday vacation..."Laughter is an instant vacation. ~Milton Berle"
find me those cute boots!! hahaha
...previous link is to the blog of the program...
more money coming in, we are now at $53,000 raised!!!
I would love to see the Seahawks and the Ravens this year...
Not his fault his career has started with the Clippers and Hornets.
About to find a place that I can start going to get my hair done. I'm tired of doing it myself. I need someone who can create styles as well
loved seeing you friend!
Looking forward to plenary by Edward Ayers at #NITLE DH Summit tonight. Alan Kay tomorrow. Plus great sessions on DH in the liberal arts.
i learned from the past people fuck up a lot, so you got to just learn how to deal or move on
I don't understand you
We are proud to announce our newest #DNation mentor, Jessica Wroblewski! She's a runner, triathlete, and soon to be Ironman Triathlete!
i'd gaga on that ladys poker face while she just dances
Sounds like the perfect day to us! :)
#NOIData - VAN change request: Add % vote score to data (ie. a young person voted just once, but 100% of available elections). Great metric
Deciding to hate myself today and ear at #HoHos for lunch.
Another note, just came out of relaxing hot bath...I feel so nice and ready for bed
I may or may not be addicted to Draw Something.
Just found out that there is Instagram for Android. And I'm pretty excited.
Hi everyone. I'm late. I'm Ruben in Lubbock, TX, trying to ride out a storm after being awakened from a long needed nap.
- like the sporting logo?
Apparently, it's illegal not to take cards as a cabbie in SF. I accidentally got one suspended for having a broken reader. :-/.
Good morning bitches! X
Gia looks like a drag queen
Another beautiful Monday - hope you all have a great and productive week planned - I know I do!
I'm tired just reading this tweet.
When did soccer goalie gloves get big as Mickey Mouses?
i didn't but let's say i did. let's say everything i write is about you.
“: Want #free Inflight Wi-Fi? Follow & tweet with #ConnectAt30k for a chance to win!” send it.
"stay at home bllloggasss" lol I HATE ERICA!! AH
NIH is going to have to make the Genetic Testing Registry MUCH more user friendly if anyone other than academics are to use it
Yum RT : I also have Habanero Truffles- today only
yu betta come see me saturday
thank you!! Please stop by!!
Dying for an oreo cheesecake
I miss for the record!
waiting tables.... Sometimes great other times I work like a child in a Nike sweatshop.
I wish life was a dream..I could have anything I want:)
DFI Alumni, Faculty, and current students...join us for our ALUMNI NETWORKING EVENT TONIGHT from 5-7 @ Wash Park Grille!
“: Real friends don't get offended when you insult them. They smile and call you something even more offensive.” 💙
“: Does anyone else say "fire up the twitter" #OrAmIWeird” ---- most people say "Time to make the tweeters". :)
Thanks Ken!
did you get some paella?
You're looking for answers everywhere except within. Learn to master self-realization
I’m Sorry …I Really Didn’t Know, In My State We Can Drive Drunk As Hell…
hi good morning
Word on the street is that Crump is boys with David West and put the hit out on you.
Not sure yet (need to talk to my driver, lol) But will find you sometime today
Offer any guidance on specific metrics for justification? Specifically what holds water re: IOPS, consolidation ratios, etc
oh you know sitting on the drive way watching the lightning feeling the rain drops like a BOSS
You guys didn't like The Avengers...?
Banana Pancakes Recipe These banana pancakes are made with buttermilk in the batter, giving them a light and tender texture. Top these pa
Making Chicken Rogan Josh for supper. Don't know what that is, but I'm makin' it.
Congrats again. What a great opportunity and life experience. Happy for you.
- thanks for the RT Craig!
not yet but I'll try to get some for you
u tryna share some of that lol
xbox commercial and follow people and browse tweets
Aww.. I just purchased one, too. But- there's no Sbux or DD where I am. Miss you. Let's catch up soon.
Looking for fun ideas for segments! Send me your suggestions!
we want them to keep losing so that Gasol can be available!
isn't it exciting???
nothing.. its fine...
Watching Sparkle Pony on Austin City Limits. Portlandia fans know what I mean
#longtimecoming out today! woo
So I like a good drink every now… and.. well no just now. Ha -
What do you think?
Took 's #MNF pick a couple steps further and bet #Chiefs money line and the under, and #Blackhawks and the over. BAM!
Headed out for brunch and shopping with my number one-only one. (: Awesome. Damn. Ness. <3
answer me, Bekah
Thanks for the follow. Much love. Dr. Spanish. Im the monkey on the chinese calendar. Sagittarius on the regular one. :-)
i did but it took a wile
I'm following all of your #FF people... they're great! Happy Friday!
Wedding shoes & jewelry bought... I am all set except tanning & hair.
Today's #vinyl buys: Johnny Thunders: "Que Sera, Sera" (Jungle), Duane Eddy: Water Skiing (RCA Victor), Mahalia: S/T (Apollo)...
All I'm good for is getting used.
This is a quantum car. I don't know where I am, but I'm going really fast.
looking for great music blogs-for independent artists, what's next, etc. any ideas?
"Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal." ---JumpIt!!! From
Aug. 15. More tix to go on sale Mon. At 10 am according to Matt Jones. Lower sold out.
Shit is boring in my house and i'm cold.
But that once in a blue moon it's so nice when you're on the West Coast and can enjoy the games right after work!
Meek Mill's Burn is the sickest song I've ever heard
True! Not exactly digital independence
Somethings are better left unsaid...
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 33
eh what's in it for mee ?
cna u follow me?
also loading times for embed were very long or inconsistent. also varied a lot from browser to browser and platform to platform
Three Floyds Zombie Dust is on draft. Get some!
take the L today now Im just the guy who brought a broom to work. They'll probably ask me to sweep the cafeteria floor at 5
i would agrue with me i always get the last word I love u more<333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
Returning from?
I did. What was that? : Did anyone else hear a big boom in NW #DC?
Pick up the Men's Health Big Book of Exercise. Me, I stick to bodyweight only and kettlebells. This works for us in the army.
well, I actually studied hard.. #thankyouverymuch #letshopeforana ;D
Someone please remind me why PCs still exist.
Amen! My 12-year-old daughter knows! Lol
Success does not come to those who wait, and it does not wait for anyone to come to it. ~ Author Unknown
I'd guess the editors' preconceptions about Appalachia's otherness guided their selections.
I wanna write "I miss you" on a rock then throw it to your face, so you can feel how missing you hurts.
Thanks to everybody who came out tonight!
Heat heat and more heat Orlando be ready
get me food to :)
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet xP c; &
BIG BRA WATS GOOD
and drake just stand for do right and kill everything.
With the lockout about to end, I'm going to transition from my movie/TV show bender to all #NFL, all the time -happens every year.
are they still stuck on the ukulele song?
T-shirts, Post Cards and Pens will go on sale January 15! Stay tuned: www.spheregs.com
“: Swoon Friday”where at?
*blush* um, thank you too!
I have major commitment issues. I'm probably going to be single forever. I guess I can deal with that.
Christopher Brooks <3
Using the # sign on Facebook >
scratch that. We need to hang out sober for once.
love mq since forever
damn, this sucks as.
(cont) mounted deer heads, a little league team that screams V.I.P, dry-cleaning, truck drivers with fat boy shaved in their heads
Have you read the Book of the Revelation of Jesus Christ? Getting better goes thru some tuff times.
idk, depends where you sit. But there already sold out. People camp out for those tickets lol
My ex just called me and he said he missed me oh well lol
: I'm hardly on here idk why u don't hmu on the book?
You need more love songs, you need more people to text, What else do you need?!!!
Thanks for following us back! It's good to connect with #youth focused organizations.
The crib, it's rarely worth it to go out in Baltimore
:) Sounds lovely!
Resume advice! RT: : if your title changes internally list the employer twice with your new responsibilities.
Just looked at your blog. Nice! From your tweets, I thought you were just an obsessed bacon fanatic. ;)
~Champ Life~
what were your thoughts on NJ housewives?!
LOL! Good to know!
definitely and thankfully we'll be indoors
Create an Avatar - story, bio about your key target market.
ok ill help u in one condition... =)
Crazy! Who would have guessed!
DAMN HAVENT BEEN ON TWITTER SINCE NOVEMBER SURPRISED I STILL KNO MY PASSWORD GOTTA LOT OF CATCHING UP TO DO
I really don't want to go to work today. I'd much rather stay home, drink tea lattes, and read.
GO DO YOUR FOOD TECH AND GET OFF TWITER
I keep having dreams that Lake Michigan has big, beautiful, glassy waves.
Oops. Just dropped a lego.
I prefer Letty. I used to be Chrissie, but in kindy told my Mom my heart didn't love the letter e anymore. Chrissy ever after.
Keep the heads up guys
Old School music calms me down. Forget this new music.
So you have to take the whole kit, not just the cowbell. Still, dudes, COWBELL.
I have no idea lol im just going along with it.
It really depends with other products which one you are using. Does that help answer your question?
Ooh now that's something i'd like to see ;D
yea bro. Im either leaving that thurs or that fri morn. Ready to hoop.
Gemini would like to say Happy Holidays and Thank You to all who have served. Please help get this tweet to all of our veterans. THANKS!
I agree with his last statement. I didn't have it till I met him, now its one of my favorites.
pasta or pizza?
we will be waiting patiently. :) Thx.
#VegasSpringSocial sounds like so much fun!
some of it was the dialogue too. But overall, just lacking. Worth a watch though.
did anyone just feel the #Earthquake? If you did, I'm jealous. I haven't felt one yet!
i'm getting one too.
you huys are just too cute man I wonder if your brother is like you wanna hook me up?? LOL I Jk
What I love about working at a hotel: if the fast food place forgets a straw, I can just go down the hall and get one!
will you ask #peyton to sign my bobble head too?
Gosh! It's the same one I started with. Am I drunk?
can anyone in your dallas facility call in to CNN and talk about the damage we're seeing from tornado? DM me.
I want to go strawberry picking to but if it rains all weekend ...no thanks
Turned on the tv this morning as they were reading off Rick Rescorla's name at Ground Zero. Premiere of #HeartSoldier was success last eve!
is performing with Carlos Santana tonight in times square
I hope you guys have been watching Magic City. Last night's episode was the best so far.
You should be renamed "Common Pillock" after that move
Hey, Santorum...shut the fuck up about gay marriage ya dick!
Austin can you be my 707th follower plz:)
Last night in Dayton, pretty bittersweet. I hope I make it to my finals tomorrow #onebuckwells ?
Dark chocolate, honey, white chocolate, carmel, nutty... and those are just the types of women I ate the peanut butter with.
The Rockets are playing tonight! If you HAD to pick one... which #Houston sports team is your favorite?
On the bright side...It's early!
Listening to Fleetwood Mac, pretending like I'm not a #saturdaylibrarian in a bit.
Let's go to some haunted lighthouse soon. Those are the kind of road trips I went on in high school and it was amazing every time.
: Gosse: Movement to politics in LCRM something to be embraced
when people rob old ladies we always think of them as monsters. We should at least give them credit for being smart criminals.
YES PLEASE!
Call me a liar, I'll show you a fake
heard 5 yr engagement is a great horror/suspense flick
I love The Weeds theme song
Loadin up the truck. Ready for another all day event spreading the word about BXP
My wife saw Dominique Sachse at lunch today. Her verdict: jawdroppingly beautiful.
thanks Brian! (:
Want my lip peirced again! Dx
I just realize so many artist playing twitter too :D.
i met bryce drew and got his autograph on my 16th bday :-)
good word!
Right now I would be ok with something different
We're playing basketball without the basketball
It 75 out in the chitown loving it
As a designer, building websites is, by far, my least favorite activity.
#PacerNation there we go..
when I get home I'm foldin u up man
Well it's light out, and I'm still up. Maybe it's time to put a little Jack in my Coke. It's been real, paper.
I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just hang around until you get used to it. - Charles Schulz
Be good, be true
We always love to hear your favorite artist is at the moment!
And they are CERTAINLY Deaditors!
You can go hard or you can go home 👊✌
Only hoes say "IM SINGLE FWM" soon as they get out of a relationship
Thanks for the mention
Thank you, just visited ur site, love the demi style RT : many thanks for the follow. Love the blog. X
Anytime! I'm a working actor and also co-own The Savvy Actor, we run coaching and workshops for actors to educate them to >>
Just got my tickets for the concert on November 22nd! WORDS CANNOT DESCRIBE HOW EXCITED I AM. :)
How close can it get? Location-wise I mean.
I CAN'T GET NO SLEEP!
ight cool bro just stop by the shop.
You said on the twitter you're going to be performing here (Chicago) 5/12. Where?!
SM made a dumb move right there. it made the console feel more like a community, less like a product. le sigh
Need good news? Today is happy hour at Sonic ALL DAY!
RT : Next question for our PSA: What's your favorite Tampa Bay landmark?
Elizabeth Warren discovers she has African-American,Native-American & Hispanic Heritage & she's TURNING JAPANESE.
Intriguing citation guide - but I don't like the revision work done on username spacing/caps/punctuation.
Happy Easter! May today bring fresh starts and second chances to start over.
yoo those fries are addicting , like they sprinkle a lil something extra on em
Holy multiple offers!! U St NW multi-family gut-job got 22 offers. My buyers offered 150K above asking price… and lost.
Elbows getting thrown at stroller parking at Sea World.
Finally getting around to the netflix copy of Midnight in Paris that's been sitting around for weeks now
#UMgrad. Congratulations to all graduates. Remember it is an honor & privilege to get a degree. Celebrate wisely & use your knowledge well.
At the museum ed idea lounge at #AAM2012 -- so many topics!
Thanks for the RT Bill! Glad to meet another Texas Native and Operational expert! Look forward to reading your tweets!
thanks for your help in getting great imagery for www.isiamerica.com! (Early #ff :)
Always a pleasure :-)) Have a great Friiday & a wunnerful weekend!
because they hire teachers like Reilly
love it
11/25/2010 WEBMASTER: Create a sales funnel for the maximum benefit Savannah Morning News
Breaking News outta Portland Big Brayton Chase is stayin!! Now running group sales!!! Promotions get TWEETS!!!
We'll be back at Golfernoggins this sat at 7 pm doing some black light facepaint and crazy henna
Went to see Augusten Burroughs speak at Temple B'rith Kodesh tonight in #Roc. It was... not what I expected. He has a 'self help' book now.
which hopefully means?
real kids of my own, biological or otherwise, I'm sure I'd do OK.
u give scraps head scratches. i close my eyes REALLY slow.
RT : Nix reiterates VY will compete w/Tyler Thigpen for the backup job, not to be the starter.
Proxy Heaven - Protect your Privacy: 02-05-12 | [Update] US Socks ...
I'm so ready and excited to watch #WrestleMania this Sunday even though I would love to be in Miami to see it live
yayy! love you and miss you!
Keep an eye out for Threadbird related news from The Tee Gazette!
I`m Ready....I`m Ready....I`m Ready ( SpongeBob quote ) :-P
The world is our :)
#thatmomentwhen You get butterflies when someone texts you...but the texts makes your heart completely drop..
Great Workshop tonight with the Awesome !!!
It seems weird to me that I can't buy the film Titanic on DVD from Amazon for less than $74. Really?!
Today is Ballet Day! "When I was a little kid, I took up tap and ballet. I've always loved to dance. I'm a rhythm machine."---Tommy Lee
#criminalminds there's a killer in the closet this is why my closet scares me
congratulations on your first birthday!
haha not much, usual work bullshit all the time. Ad you?
I meant 10
I hate the shit you do, but I still text you back .... & say I miss you too .
74% of self-made millionaires and America are entrepreneurs, people who start and build on businesses.
When I'm sick and can't sleep <<<<
my pleasure! Loved it. I've been following Tony a while -- pleasure to meet you!
Should we add this to our list of places to visit in June?
Oh look, you actually won for once. Libby-5 William-1 ;)
Its not what happens to me that matters but what happens within me. #leadership #consciousness RT
Hey NFL Refs....you suck
Sugar and salt would dissolve more easily in warm water.
Today is upside down day at NekkidTees. I was out voted!@
"I'm gonna find me a sheep with a nice vagina" - My mid-50's aged coworker, talking about how he can't stand his wife. hahaha
IM NOT THE ONE WHO CRASHED ! -___-t
this weekend is rough stuff, playing this church gig in the burbs every night, next week i'm cool whenever though
$10 growler fill (limit 1 per customer) & $3 pints on Hoptimum. We have 4 kegs to pour.
that's what I'm tryna do!!
Shut up!
Rkelley and Melanie amaro singing in a golden shower on stage on #Xfactor hm.....Me Gusta the double entendre!
He needs to get his own twitter account then don't you think?
I don't feel like you're actually happy but I just go along with it because I don't wanna feel like i'm doing something wrong.
Electric feel .
Dont know what to do!/;
Roenicke's postgame quote on Estrada hitting in 6th should be "That hurt me more than it hurt you."
Hey Detroit, it's been real. 11-0 feels pretty fantastic.
Agreed! RT Can't believe I am 3 hours south of Vancouver Olympics (in same time zone) yet I can't watch it LIVE on TV. What th
fix the radio side. I don't want the technical screw up to ruin my Yankee game experience!!!!
HI LUCK!!!
This world is trying to break me.
modern country is like a turd that won't flush down
---> This!!!!!!! MT : #petpeeve conference sessions with lots of time spent going over univ fact sheet data. Don't care.
Did you know that there are coffee flavored PEZ?
Anyone gonna RT me? Like cuz he's awesome & lives in Indiana! (: I live in Indiana too! (: lol
Do you feel like the other #orioles just don't give a shit when Matusz pitches because they know they're going to lose anyway?
...you tryin me?
Elijah of Buxton
how did u guys get on abdc did u guys like perform to get on it or sumtine else..?
Jason and Louis were in my dream last night and the were dressed like Teddy Bears :3
guess i should do my research paper now
#LadiesLoveMe Haha, love that song! I got every single word down!(;
Thanks for the RT
Fast Facts: Sensory integration deals with the organization and interpretation of external stimuli by the brain.
I'm not looking :(
If you have infinity of rational numbers and "infinitely more" normal numbers, isn't that a paradox?
Hey, I heard you were a wild one
Craving a picnic.
Localized street flooding may occur with storms briefly, but not expecting widespread flooding or severe weather w/ t-storms.
I think that May should be declared pajama month. Who's in?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 54
is there a wezel today?
I want to be in a karaoke music video...they are classic!
I wanted to text you, but then I remembered, we don't talk anymore.
Piss on New Orleans your Saints and your Tigers hope Bama kicks their ass up and down the field #rolltide hope Willis destroys Brees nxt wk
Honda sees bumper year as it leaves disasters behind - Reuters
89 days to go!
Look at the (ahem) big brain on Newt! Remembering all those years.
Magnum of vodka and 12 packages of processed cheese, I know one Vons customer checking out behind me who's in for an exciting night!
Hey, forgive my ignorance but that is so provocative...what is a southern baptist methodist?
Playing dre dog at intelligentsia again today. Could it get any better?
#DontForget #tomorrow !! "Anything Goes at Carnevale" lecture by Prof. L. Leonini bit.ly/sH4Wr3 Sunday, February 19 at 2 p.m
Working on Beale till 3 am = no bueno.!
It's OFFICIAL #Gureilla is the next probono full-coverage shirt....keep killin'em Trip...M-town stand-up!!!
Well, Staal, Orpik, Jeffrey, Martin, Park, Kennedy and Tangradi, its been nice cheering you on in the #Burgh. Better luck in your next city.
Can someone please send me this SQ interview please? I can't find shit. Help.
hah FOLKS READ THIS SLOW. THERE IS A PARTY IN CHI FOR THE PAUL AND MATTY SHOW. READ IT AGAIN
thanks for keeping my company at the bibiloteca! Hope your final went well!
Good Morning :{D
Get your priorities straight!
Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary, Bloody Ma...........wait why the hell is Mary so bloody.
"Confusion and clutter are failures of design, not attributes of information." -Edward R. Tufte
#questfornumber7 begins today!!
"The notion that Jews are mythic creatures is well circulating in our culture."- Steven T. Katz
BLOODY MARY and she freaked the crap out. She *still* brings that up. Ah, sibling-hood.
Back in ATL, Passenger sick 5 mnts into flight. Thought we were accelerating to get to Indy faster, instead we had turned around
Just two more followers from 200 x.x Hook it up!
I wish I was back at the Pasadena PinotFest, I could dunk my head in a big bowl of Pinot right now.
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
must you torture me with thoughts of sticky buns?!
