 Sweet Dreams!
I miss Sex and the City. And Seinfeld. And Laverne and Shirley.
Still time to book your room for New Years!!
At My House
Chicks fib...go on
Sometimes I feel bad for thugs when I realize they can't enjoy a cup of hot cocoa with a bunch of marshmallows without risking street cred.
Hope to see folks tonight at the Irving for Change meeting at African Village Restaurant, 3003 N. Belt Line in Irving!
Ugh I till can't believe I have Saturday training from 8am-3pm 😒
To bad It doesn't air the game! doesn't come in. Thanks to the new Droid App, it comes in crystal clear!
followback Is an Hot account related to Watch porn ;)
It's actually really awkward wen ur lil sis was watching a movie but fell asleep and ur Aunt thinks its u watching a movie with a sex scene.
I am discouraged by the performance of this DVD player. I will dispose of it and all DVDs in my possession.
#FML dropped my damn phone in the toilet!!! SHIIIITTT!! I really hope this rice takes out all the moister!!
You are a lucky duck!!! Have fun!
printing panthers.
didn't see that one
April, great meeting you in person today! xo -Allie ( )
#FF thanks for the follows:
RT : Development Megaprojects Mask Sluggish #Construction Growth
There comes a time in a man's life when to get where he has to go-if there are no doors or windows-he walks through a wall.Bernard Malamud
Slaves To Substance on a loop......
State Assembly and Senate adjourned from regular session until January 2012
alright well than take care of the situation .
Just followed - I've been a customer since I was a kid!
Mike Brown still resting Kobe, I see. Good. Keep him fresh for Game 8.
What did I ever do to you?
I miss
I may have to hire you as a tutor.
Is it any wonder that w/ sponsors like the Bk of America, why S G Komen Foundation's RFTC turns its back on Planned Parenthood?
It says that you have to log in to see it, some mobile app
Do you live around Towanda, PA? Don't let your wood rot & go to waste. Sell it to CMI. Call Chuck Dibble 570-268-8769 or 607-765-3122.
What a bizarre year this has been
Dam why did she tell me that last night
I saw hustleman today, he tried to sell me a copy of the brand new avengers i passed becuase i rather pay and wait to see a movie this good
I love my life, I like to keep things simple and I am here to help you..
it's the best!
That is what every mother says, then they say " I didnt think that would work!" You have to ease them into the enviroment.
hi raf, and welcome... to web 2.0
Anyone going to be in the Orlando area June 4th to the 7th???
RT : Flight for Florida is officially purchased! #weregoingtodisneyworld!
is it rude to tell ur guest that there's no kids allowed at the reception?
Holy *bleeping* spider on my arm!!!!!!!
oh.. That's, cool (: haha
Congrats to Li Na, but Schiavone still has the better mustache.
i been on twitter neglect lately but i aint seen u on my TL lately ..
Don't be a slave to the unavailable
Is it stalking or being friendly? ;) I know via social service network. They have a really cool idea. :)
hah, well good job training us then ;)
raf simons, rick owens is usually what i’m dressing eeen.
RT : Stoked for the Passport Party taking place this weekend at the ! Thanks to !
hahaha! :) thank you thank you!
we made a note of it, will keep you posted!
thanks so much for helping me with my project!
Happy belated birthday to Al Kooper. Will be listening to some of his vinyl tonight
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Dallas & Marengo Counties until 12:30 PM
Infante's got my back for
Congrats to all the Ohio teams headed to the Sweet 16!
ha! Not exactly. But I go just a little bit faster and a little bit further.
I live for #SSTuesdayShoesday!
Tune into CNN's Early Start and see what and have in store for you today!
On beautiful days like today, long walks to & from CURRIED are encouraged!!! Lakeview or the Loop!!
I wish girls got to wear black caps and gowns.
Getting excited for The Moth at #aam2012 general session!
Sorry if I sounded like a grumpy old man earlier when I was bitching about the new Tweet Deck. It still sucks but I'm getting used to it. :)
Poetic that the goal for comes just minutes after they announce record soccer attendance for Montreal.
whatcha doing tonight!?
Great day in Bloomington with looking at limestone architecture and talking folklore #afs11 - highlight: stump gravestones.
what a great get together. we shoud do it again,
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 7
ya I feel on the missing the church part. I haven't found one up here but that should not be an excuse.
Happy Mother's day to all the moms. Your hard work and sacrifice is appreciated and some may not say it but it does not go unnoticed!! ;-)
I think that if you purchase a product from a Co. they should be reponsible to pay for return fees if damaged,do you guys feel the same????
HAHAHAHAHA SURE THING SURE THING ME AND MY FRIENSD WOULD WALK BACK AND FORTH ON MY STREET LMFAOO
BREAKING: Sources reveal that actively tweets WHILE ON TOILET. As always, we'll keep you posted when more develops.
I've seen it before. But usually if it's close to the box. I thought a yellow was extreme there.
RT : Portland Seed Fund launches today. At the launch event now. Go Portland! www.portlandseedfund.com
People never get the flowers while they can still smell em
Get that fake shit out of my face 😒
school sucks !
carl banks gear discussions
o this bitch right here dreads so sexy smh
I barely get signal in dis weak bitch!
I love putting soda in the freezer until it gets just cold enough to ice up a little.
That Freeway picture? It is what it is man..
RT : When is everyone gonna realize "#winning" is fucking stupid and only idiots say it? Jess Christ shut up.
Avery got cets
Boosie is a free man. Shits about to pop off.
I'd give you one if I could!
If I ever get lost can u help me find my way back to my vault!
I was hoping I wasn't the only one in twitsville with an opinion on GP's song!
Thanks for the RT ! How's your day going?
Calling all Catering Personnel! We have a great opportunity for the right candidate. Apply online or give us a call today!
RT i need to get up and get dress. .. . . Myee to ii feel hella lazzzyyyy
are you guys open today?
HM NO :'C u buttface i h8 u rite nao.
wow im actually using twitter?
The Transportation Department is ordering airlines to let passengers stuck in stranded planes exit after three hours.
the cat is out of the filter
Thanks Jelly:)
Thanks for the follow, Barbara. Cheers!
Red Solo Cup
Combing through transcripts of user interviews. would be proud :)
Morning to all my fellow haters.
Is hump day over yet? I need a beer already
Have you heard this silly sh*t? The Featured Bit is "Shats R Us" www.freekshowradio.com
Welcome new friends and ! Hope you're having a great day. :)
Last night was crazy! Shut it down closing 4 SonicC @ Mekka. Thanx 2 everyone who came out, really means a lot! Thnx
"where do butterflies go when it rains?". -
Microsoft Accused of Hindering Firefox Browser (Wall Street Journal) #m$watch
much agreed on that statement! Let's fix it in nov!
Yes, the ultra-billionaire will save us all. The super rich always make sure we're all taken care of.
Think you've eaten at Key's? Now try it with Foursquare! Discounted drinks and apps? Indeed! Check in early & often to get in on the deals!
it beats sitting at a desk all day! It's all about adventure...and today certainly was one :-)
Enjoyed spotting you on " Up All Night. " One shot was simply not enough. :-)
Well, SHOT, I missed the amazing news that you're on the #TheClientList ! I will definitely check it out! You ROCK Desi!
Every judiciary system in Athens is fucked. Big time.
haha thank u!! Hopefully you'll hear something soon! :)
I'm keeping my fingers crossed for Chicago 2016 - tomorrow is the DAY!!
then you won't eat for a while, cause today's weather SUCKS. go eat!
Decaf?! *slaps cup to ground* *sets fire to cup* What kind of establishment is this?
": Memphis in may next week can't wait 2 eat sum good bar b q!"
first tweet----yippee! Now back to thinkin' about food :)
Make yesterday jealous of today...
well at least sense of humor was present lol
Memo to Narnians: you lose one king to kidnapping that's bad luck. More than that's just carelessness...
Firehouse w/ my fav girl ms. Amber Pybrum! Who's joining us?
I have my account back again;))
D'oh. Thanks much.
back in Oak Hill. Bleh 😒
gotta take him out, we need him fresh for the yanks!
Thanks so very much for mentioning me. Sure appreciate it. All bst wth ur novel Wll vst ur page
Big up for the bump ! I'm rollin' through your mix atm and I'm definitely feelin' it! We've gotta chat soon about designs man.
i'm just gonna setup a "that's what she said" auto reply to your tweets.
Moving in to my new home for the next 7 1/2 months.
Thanks! I'm so excited! Now, I just have to figure out child care. They have onsite daycare, so maybe?
awesome article, I coached against the '99-'03 teams.. insane combo of mental toughness and talent!
you to huh
Kottaras hits for the cycle!
People who talk shit to you, usually talk shit about you.
Normal Person Flirting: "Hey babe what's goin on? ;)" Me Flirting: "Your face. I like that shit."
Morning after St. Patty's Day... What a ride
like I said, I worry about you.
Thought about 7500. He'd just been playing really really tight and conservative + fullring + I'm a pussy / not playing great. Mostly latter.
is recruiting for a Technical Writer in Northern #VA. The Writer will be responsible for developing proposals; authoring, editing, indexin…
They need to hurry up and have Bieber on The Voice. Im tired.
I like the way you guys organize!
Need some mind numbing TV!
Just listening to the rustling leaves, the fan whirling above, and the rain gently tapping on the window sill.
Who's Ready for Turkey and a after Thanks Giving show at Elcorzon (25th)?! -Jordan
What is virtue and honor? Virtue is placing the good of others before yourself, and honor is taking responsibility for your choice- Zhang Lu
Next year I get to work with a school to help them put my book, Bringing ABA into Your Inclusive Classroom, into action. I'm so excited!
making someones friday, check that off my bucketlist. Elkins, we need to #rekindle royal oak soon.
the #sfgaints need a rally band aid.
I like Poison! She hates them because SULLY doesn't like them
Yo It's good to hear from Ya Kai hope all is well.. i checked out ya boy Jwhizz and he definitely got some writing skills
Thanks for following us. Great appreciation. Let us know if there is anything we can do
AND.... What kind of dress are you going to wear?? Summer Casual, I'm thinking...
I know he's playing with me, that's ok 'cause I've got no self-esteem.
First taste of love , oh bittersweet like green on the vine , strawberry wine . <3
I got cut off by a tumblebee bus. You know how pissed I am
Thanks for your Follow!
i emailed mine to you!
Don't slip on any bananas. ;)
he's da man!!
btw the rapid fire postings a few minutes ago are all related to #humantrafficking & the part played by #VillageVioce & others in the crimes
The Quick and the Dead? Quicksilver?
Okay time to start my my day: write, edit, revise,edit. Finish publishing project timeline schedule details. Happy Friday!!
The current state of our government concerns me.
Strange. Two guys at LAX asked me to get in their car so they could drive me to mine---I said "no"--like Jodie Foster in "The Accused".
Consider integrating social networking buttons, comments, and other efforts to build a community at your website.
La loma, Lime.. must be that kind of night!
yes! Love him!
Game comes out. Team says, "Yay!" Suits say, "You have X months and Y dollars to make Game 2. GO!" The End.
hahaha girl it has only been 162848592028263 days
"Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, 'What! You too? I thought I was the only one." - C.S. Lewis
gotta keep those little 6th graders in line
RT : American Idol tonight at 8pm on FOX43! Who is tuning in tonight to the Top 7 AGAIN
Falling In-Love is Easy... Walking In-Love is a Whole New Ballgame. (Butterflies Only Lasts For A Season)
#FollowFriday Keep up your #DoGood work!
YOU, CHANGE YOUR MIND, LIKE A.. psycho bitch but the sex is good so I think I'll keep you around.
Signs of hope in loss? Sorry Cav's but that is desperate.
because they don't want to know the real answers. at the root- it's probably stupid or a deal breaker.
cause i wouldnt think u have em
On the bus, Bumpin my headphones though.
Hey Nashville the police are HOT they working the streets extra HEAVY! SLOW DOWN & use TURN SIGNALS!!!
That, and I'm certain they made her thinner too.
"What You are looking for is Who is Looking" --St. Francis of Assisi
so what you're saying is you will use other less attractive girls to get the better looking ones
What's the tipping point or change in the delivery of public edu? 10%. When 10% of students have choices expect change.
I have decided my feelings for Snacks the Cat are Southern Gothic.
In this election there are going to be lots of blank spots on my ballot. I won't vote 4 someone unless I think they will govern responsibly
I just love what I do and I'm very thankful this week for all these opportunities that have come my way!
aww. Get a room.
Happy Cinco de Drinko! $10 pitchers of Mexican Beer all night. The fiesta begins at 4.
i just saw the most hideous "futuristic" guitar!
If I didn't have a stack of grading, I'd be doing the exact same thing!
did you see? totally gave us an #FF what an elegant way to kick off the weekend! -lisa
What is it?
Ready to win some $ on the #Derby but not sure what bets to place. Any suggestions?
I've had a life-changing day and it's not even 9am.
Do you think it could be your browser?
Come in to meet some of our new tenants! www.pitsandwieners.com Sophie is such a great girl!
No, I wasn't able to make it. Was hoping to was live....but....schedule too booked this a.m. :-(
< can you do some for me while you're there? ;-)
Mostly prep fb RT : How come there's never any sports on the KARE 11 Friday night sportscast in the fall?
I'm feeling that, too.
RT Blago jury takes the weekend off--- no verdict, not back until Monday.
ya better know it!
I had to run in the 2nd to last heat which were the fastest but stayed up there. Did you win?
P.S. You owe us a visit, um, yesterday. :)
Thanx 4 the compliment & 4 for your support. I hope your students enjoy my book. Let them know that April is Autism Awareness Mo.
I'm a Crown Royal, but I've sipped some Jack in my day. Got a new project I'm getting off the ground, like to share if OK?
RT : God Is Great
Being Short Can Be Fun....
Coming to America! The hair product used to give the shine!
CBEADLES FACT: Christian loves all hi fans so much your all his
I'm literally doing the exact same thing! What a coincidence!
Happy Friday! Thanks to our recent retweet-ers:
fish...i think i remember fish
Thanks to and others for joining the #Israel Diplomacy Fellowship reunion part deux. Stay tuned for part trois...
...'Bout to jog up to Runyon Canyon. This weeks been soo busy. Lots of Sweatin' to catch up to.
#LilWayneWackestPunchlines "Big house, long hallways, got 10 bathrooms, I could shit all day"
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😣
Okay, I'm done with grad student talk for the day. Back to whatever it is I usually tweet about!
My moms going back to get surgery tomorrow morning, please pray for her, and that everything turns out okay.
I couldn't help it I thought of you! :D
Don't be treating these fools like royalty, they put their pants on, one leg at a time just like yourself, ..
u r so short in person!! aha and u have amazing skin!!1 im so glad i went to the workshop today!! i love u so much
Ran the Madison mini in 1:45 today. Right at goal pace. Very proud of Kim's 2:15.
Hitting the #sportsbiz road again. Heading to New Orleans. Glad it's after the Mardi Gras chaos.
Just got an email our weekend is starting at 2pm! Hell yeah!
A lttle girl just asked 100 questions about Boston. My favorite... "What him eat? Dog Food?"
last day? Boy you are silly I drive errrrday errrrday lmao
Exciting news & less than a month away: Diana Gabaldon at #BrooklynBookFestival on Sept 18!
Congrats lady! Keep rockin' it!
I love s voice.! It's the best male voice i've ever heard (: i listen to his music all the time (:
love you to
Feeling restless.
A double whammy at #drupa- a special performance by du Soleil then it's happy hour in #Xerox hall 8b join us from 4:45
Does anyone know why the cousre is yellow?
Lloyd Pratt: AAS summer seminar in history of the book is a "gateway drug" to bibliography as scholarly work. important.
Watching We Bought A Zoo with my love !! :)
Im thnkin about going out of town on my birthday cause we get out of school May 18 and my Birthday is May 16 so Ima see whats up.
Submitted my presentation proposal for today. Hope I get selected!
New Pharoahe Monch album out! Must buy - W.A.R. !
The Carp homerun hit a kid in the Bleachers and he is now being tended to.
Okay, thanks Victoria
Sure! Well transitioning into pro dance can be nerve-racking so keep your wits about you, be prepared to push your boundaries
sounds awesome. Just lemme know!
SUPER BOWL. Let's go PATRIOTS.
League of Women Voters debate unfortunately, I don't get to speak since no primary opponent
If you are writing like crazy, does that mean you are writing the same thing over and over again and expecting a book?
Mike Romanowski should start a cookbook of food references for sound mixing
As someone who works in publishing, let me say I think that's stupid.
I need to pick my head up and start crying for a guy that doesn't give a fuck about my emotions. I deserve better
thoughts on one direction hehe ☺
Smallpox book? DO tel!
DYING that Aubrey got picked last of all the celebs. Too funny!! Does she not realize that she's terrible to work with?!
congrats mrs Sunday.
Seriously Kat? Kim and Alicia after last week? WTF
Let me stay with you till Friday and or let me stay with you Friday night cause I have stuff to do thur
Can you come over? (:
I should really use Twitter more! LOL :)
$5 dollar Indy Boot Camps Saturday Class 9am in Castelton/Fishers/Geist with half the proceeds going to a local Charity!!
Trying to locate the motivation to go to the Alemany farmers market before class this morning.
That's what I was afraid of. I wanted to clarify the scope and was hoping I didn't have to send to each person. Got it done though.
I once had someone tell me to be carefull when lifting things above my head so the object doesn't go through the roof. I was offended.
QDC Codes are the newest profitable strategy for online marketing..I'll keep u posted!
WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO CIRCUMVENT THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE?!
3 days left of school!! #SOHAPPY! (:
RT : Romney is Benjamin Button. He's working his way back to his younger positions and expects you to meet him in the middle.
Finally! You look exquisite!
No way Texas wins tomorrow
This cold is almost gone
I want Mickelson to win so bad!!!!!
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!!.OH and CUTE(:
Happy to see Wyoming beat
KevinJ Is Our Everything forever and always
We are not informing youth that #HIV is not a big deal. We are informing that today it is a manageable disease.
It's the prego glow! ": #Beyonce was unbelievable. One of the best performances ever. She seems so happy! It's her night!"
If you not man or woman enough to say it in my face, don't be a bitch and say it behind my back.
Look at my assistant getting those emails even while on vacay!
Cutting up strawberries...and having to resist from eating them all xD
If the forms need to be filled out by your letter writers, make a confidential evaluation request from your account.
HOLY DAMN. 7 tbh likes in under a minute...
Thanks so much!
math league is so boring ._.
yeah! I'm excited!!
not battling you on twitter
#oomf preaching right now *thumbs up*
I get my own lane at the Y because I give people an "I will cut you" kind of look when they get near me
Plan for the future because that's where you are going to spend the rest of your life. -Mark Twain
Federalist 10. Should be required reading before anyone uses the "let the people decide" argument.
Thanks man! I appreciate you taking time to listen.. but this mixtape deal is a one time thing. I produce as well.
So I take it reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated?
hello, how are you Mr.???
If they kill them, where are they going to steal the news from?
Watching some guy close on the girl with the pearl earring at the red room cc
#Tickets: Follow for latest concerts, sports, theatre events
Every thing that. I have os yours u will never go cold or hungry
tlking my nigga.... and my #twitterboo (I.E.) you lol nah..... but just chillin at my homeboy crib and on her and
Think that you might the first follower from Maysville to follow me! Awesome!
Do you fuck like you dance cause you dance like a pro
STeEZzy STyLes for Festivals <3 <3 Summer is coming so don't wait till EvryThing is Gone <3 Visit Envy Protege Designs on Face book
i know my manager is crazy
Which fests are you checking out this weekend? #GoLocal #chicago Ribs, blues and art!!!
One of our artists will soon be coming through your area.
the extra "e" makes it, i think. now to register the name... oh, and how much does a racehorse cost?
hey I didn't get your email! :(
Emmmy: bag of chips, cereal, burritos, chocolate, nutty bars and cinnamon rolls Me: bag of chips' juice... gee anything else
Favorite press release subject lines of the day: "LAST CHANCE TO SIGN CHANEY'S GET WELL CARD!" and "ARE TIGER WOODS FANS UNDATEABLE"
Goodmorning! Enjoy the sun!
What a beautiful sunny day! Hope everyone enjoys their Mothers Days!
Sometimes when I'm talking, I wish I sounded more like , not his voice necessarily but his intellect & delivery.
Dedication and opening of Spaceport America today! Photog Dean Hanson is covering day's events. Photos to come...
[ctd]...be a huge issue for CA current legislation.
Why didn't we run together?
Maybe hot girls arent devoid of personalities, they're just cranky because all theyve eaten in months are three carrot sticks and a luna bar
word where's that at?
:( Darn! I was lookingfoward to meeting you :(Maybe one day! Can you please get information to the NYC meet and greet from austin
Can't wait! I'm pre-gaming (read: pizza eating) with some fiction folks @ my house. Come drink despite Kinkade!
Who knows how to connect your #FB status updates to your #Twitter feed? Still pretty new to this thing!
Actions are a way of you personally taking small but significant steps to reaching your personal vision
Yes your cute. Don't let that get to your head.
Ppl and their foolery...smdh!
The small things go the furthest
I'd be down for a drink when you get to #OAH2012. You'll need to do Laverne & Shirley opening song with me though.
got the maintanence guys to fix the ac! now the summer might be liveable haha
Mr. Hill, will you be able to play in the 1st round of the playoffs?
Our page has a new look! Hope everyone likes it...
I know ! Lol
I live basketball!
dominate that smallest addressable market (and screen!)
Yoi assholssss i'm up ;D.
still came out good.
Hey man what's up?
Free Shipping on orders over $50.00. Offer expires tomorrow 2/8! Use Code: VDAYST12
eating a giant pizza to my face at 11 seems like a fine idea.
Sup. #teamnosleep gonna try it tonight. Feelin a lil better.
Diddy Kong aka Carlos Marmol better get it done!
hell no lol
I'll be delivering our talk "Is Anybody Really Listening?" Wednesday at the Fort Mill Rotary Club.
I'm a rich nigga so I need a rich bitch.
I'm hot, my allergies suck and I'm hungry.
Worked like a charm!!! Thanks again for the help!
plzz follow me
thanks<3 (': I saw your smile {:
New year. Made it. 2012. It's about to be even greater.
Wikipedians in residence. Interesting.
I think that was your best Philip!! That was beautiful, truly beautiful!:)
Flash News...Accident blocking the right lane...Sunset Hwy. EB east of the Vista Ridge Tunnel...
let you know tomorrow kid, I'm down...
LOL. Ew. Someone texted my sister "Hey babe...milk bath again...hehe" SOMEONE'S A CREEPA.
I just feel like breaking down at any moment right now.
iWant more followers :D.
ISU Materials Preparation Center director to appear in &#39;NOVA&#39; special
Least favorite part of going to work: putting on fucking socks.
Tiger gonna win this weekend?
Tell Liz to participate in #bowday shed look so cute ^~^
Happy birthday!
3rd street Promenade for shops, food, and beach if you haven't been there yet!
Parallel parking a metro bus? I'm impressed
You would need MORE than Jesus to beat the
head meet pillow.
That horrible moment you realize you deleted a draft you really needed....
Alleyway 2 Broadway ": You got it bro let's get to that paper!!"
HAHAHA your facial expressions >>>>
Ugh he get on my damn nerves....
ah, ok. now to fuzzy logic and z39.50 compliance... that's more on point.
my first drink was an AMF, i didn't have any idea what to order, so i just got what everyone around me was getting :p
I hear ya!
#dreamhostdownagain "Imagine the Web. Gone Away"
“: I didn't get action like that kid on the TIME cover until I was in my 20's. #stud” sadly it's documented, hate on!
we keep talking about it on the TV,online & the radio they might consider us it's better shot then the Olympics you with me V-Dub!
MTV Movie Awards
Sweet Jesus... I still have 4 hours left in this day. What does the outside world look like? I forgot.
I said
Doh! I *love* Steely Dan but that last was supposed to read "Holding Back the Years"...
Thanks for the RT!!
Wow thats incredible!! what a great gingerbread house
Don't have anything else for to sign...autograph ball and framed jersey on deck
Follow the newest and best way to get your business out to consumers.
Lol they don't check ids. Were minors drinking Japanese saki
I agree, but I believe people r naturally lazy & will take the easiest option 1st, ie not put themselves in stressful...
Renfields tonight at the Porkchops movie premier @ The Empty Glass! Movie starts at 10! Renfields after!
Alrighty, lol, I'll do it. You helped me get my project toasty bracelet, and I help you get followed by :p
It's about dinner time, but idk if I should workout first or not...hm
Company wide Pitch-In today...the aroma of chili wafting through the office is already making me hungry! M..... :)
or, the nipples.
Is thankful for coffee today.
rewatching myself and my boys on fuse tv :))))
That's what I went to. I said I was at a 2 but they guy said the tapers I had were some cheap in correctly labeled
that just sped up my throwing up for tonight
why does everything get boring /=
I am hanging out with my lady and tonight.
Hey well even better thanks swish
baahaahaa. Seriously, it took me a sec to realize this was a joke. I was gasping at your "errors". 😂
get that chicken!
Is there really anything better than your mom taking care of you? I don't think you can ever be too old for that.
Rumor mill says brightsolid is launching a big new US based website (not just UK anymore). Watch out, Ancestry...
i see you need some work done
Hoping can actually learn some rules...Let the season begin!!
thanks! :{) btw I'm one of Ethan's best friends
it's taking me longer to decide if i want another red bull than to finish this darn 10pg paper. sleep > homework < everything.
awesome! What a great start to the year. Congrats
Seriously, F the Rose Bowl.
is testing their on-air tweet system. This nonsense tweet could be put on the air!
The #trw11 theme is "Picture It @ your library." I might set up a drawing pad with markers for doodles.
The Eclipse box set Pearls of the Czech New Wave has made its way to Hibernator Gigs HQ. The air is sweet with political unrest.
Did some kind of sports thing just happen? One squadron besting another at goal-points game? I dunno.
Awesome panel. RT: Kristiekp: 3A's of getting your story in the press: be articulate, be accessible &be accurate.
nothing's there !/:
Its pouring down here in #Fayetteville!!!
Everyone on my timeline is talking about going to school & I've been on summer vacation for 3 weeks already, haha. Time for some sleep! :)
Follow my team.
With all the money Haiti got they should help out Chile.
Cops and Barbers.
#nowwatching O! "i feel like i can close my eyes with you" is one of the sweetest movie lines ever.
Thanks for recent link-love to the blog. Hope you found it interesting/helpful!
This one girl erks my nerves ! -__-
"Its called a punching bag, what else would you like me to do with it." - my response to my wife's silly question about my hand.
Happy 50th Anniversary to #PlannedTVArts!!! Be sure to follow us!
i love school
Let us know if you're stopping near New York Av betw 9&10 sts. We're happy to cross-promote, & there's good street parking...
We begin recording tomorrow.. Be on the look out for new songs, re-animated songs and a new CD... Renfields GO!
Not me said the gotdamn flea.
Why do men call their book clubs "reading groups"?
Its going:)
lol its just me myself & i
hehe nope im talking about you :D
lol I got u
Hmm... I only recognize "Killing in the Name". It's a shame that won't have pro guitar.
If I can find out more I'll ping you.
#Midterms = finished. Thank you Jesus.
hello again. and I are looking for patio umbrellas for bars. We would like to print on them. ideas?
Walt Disney World generates about 120,000 pounds of garbage every day.
your such a gobdaw when you just stand there without making chinwag. am i right ?
thx for the follow. I'm diggin your tweets
thanks , now I am craving Apple Pie.
WHO THE FUCK TOOK MY....OH HERE IT IS LMFAOOO.
Be h0nest. 80% 0f the time y0u're 0nstage y0u're thinking "Golly-hot, ass-damn! These are *the* dumbest pr0blems I've ever heard!"
Play me some ol Alabama (;
Watching Antiques Roadshow El Paso & wishing had taken some of her junk to find out its worth a million bucks.
2 weeks without seeing my baby :(. I'm gonna miss him so much
I used to think it was "give me a lover and a place to stand and i'll move the world" but it's "lever" of course. but give me a lover.
Be the shiniest Diamond of all by contacting Diamond Dezign Ideas for all of your business needs! Let the Diamond Shine for You!
FIRE RICH RODRIGUEZ! ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!
Each person has an individual way of living, eating, exercising that works for 4 them. It's great to listen to what works for u.
gonna watch a movie, text me. :)
y i cant come thru in the pecan jag ???
We are game.
Game-ops win! RT : Jerry "The King" Lawler just dropped a piledriver on a Clippers fan during the timeout. That. Was. Awesome.
Lets go !
We couldn't agree more! 't : Nothing better than fresh New Mexico #Hatch green chile.
if that doesn't do it let me know I have a list
nah b...can't take our hearts, Cards are not even SUPPOSE to be in the final4!! >>>NO ONE<<< had us, so we Gucci win or lose
Hello Nadia, I love your positive energy! You are such an inspiration!:)
I made Vanessa breakfast instead of my mom. I said it was from Nolan lol.
fallow back lol. :)
What exactly is the problem with an adult supporting a specific player by wearing his jersey? Aren't we all fans?
I'm still trying to find out how this happens lol
Yeah maybe next year. I will be working Friday and Saturday so I cant go either.
POSITIVITY: We can tie it up next game, fresh start. We can do it. It's one bad game. We've played great so far& tonight: 5 goals!!!
Play me in scramble carnell k
I'm following U now & Sun I drank your sweet mimosas while your staff ran around in Whitney swag! Yummy brunch my new fave.
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime:)))
And then heading to Sian's bday after
Correction Amy Sedaris ( how the F did that get spelled wrong) is afraid of librarians? Why Amy why?
i love my friends (and captain america)
"drop the world" wouldnt sell if it wasnt for Eminem .
is #Scandal not getting enough ratings?
Miss World 2011 candidates to visit Scotland...
RT : This Future album tho?!! Yep. <--- I'm all over it today... #Pluto (Biggup to my dude and )
: Great product. What is the price going to be next year?
take one for me
lucky ass we wanted to go but its too fuckin hot to be at an
What's the deal with long beards in basketball now? I don't get it.
Hope you'll join us for #BWEChat tonight at 9:00 EST. is going to come by to talk about Facebook for content creators
happy mother's day to you & your momma!
Maybe... Kim objects to them on a fashion basis.
they shouldn't be, Grant isn't worth paying! Any 5th to 7th rounder will do exactly what Grant is capable of!!
great seeing you pretty lady! hope all is well!
Sorting data saves time. Highlight all the data when you are sorting.
I hope everyone is well!<3 :D
It's so funny! I had no idea you could ship something when it didn't even exist.
Every moment I spend with you is a moment I treasure.. ♥
taking down the Chinatown Scarf for a bit to redesign! it will be back soon :)
This cold weather sucks. My morning view of the shirtless dudes smoking on their porch is apparently shut down for the winter.
thank you for the RT! Love your dog photos :)
“: What do you think about #MeditationInSchool? #NextChapter” Essential practice! A strategy for well being and developing inquiry.
In Austin and no call or text! I am down here 4 days a week now!
hope the Sheik enjoys my avatar
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
alright then lol
Stop by 176 about a Tapestry piece!
Gorgeous day, patio is open, let's go Clippers!
Applying for a mentor at Merlin Mentors.
Sunny and 59 for opening day. #woo #hoo!
That other picture i sent. Ibdidnt want to offendvsnyone. Sorry guys, i know hes not like that.
#MM - Sink or Swim
Fantasy Baseball Heroes of the Week: Fan’s Take
Is it true that tonights Stevie Wonderful party w/ is sold out?
I hope is not asking 2 have a convo w/ on many occasions she said she wanted nothing 2 do w/her!
Thank you much for the #FBLT shout outs!
Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.
waking up this morning was worse than waking up at 1030 on a Saturday
Was about to say DC will burn tonight...but Hamrlik gives the locals some hope w/9 mins left
Big convergence btwn search, info literacy, graphics & design. Keeping tools easy. PPt 4 graphics, 8x14 Word/Pages 4 dsplay
My favorite movie is on!!!! Pirates of the Carribean On Stranger Tides!!!!!
can either of u skype ??
Loll FUN nightt last nifgt ;D
it was two hands, gagging sounds, the whole deal. I remember.
how were tmbg! I've been sick for a week, missed them...
how was the weekend?
“: All. Cards. Everything. #CardNation.”copycat
good idea.. YOU call ME! Best movie ever lol
#1brandclass I want to draw a rabbit for you! Lol
Looking for extra #savings. Use #promocode 231229 to get $25 any 9 West frame purchase from now until December 29th. Some restrictions
won my first match in a while. it was the most even, exciting, well-played match I've ever had with anyone. mad that we lost 3-2 in the end
Goodnight fellow farmers..come by tomorrow for Serenity Sunday & receive 10% off all concentrates..& pick up our strain of the day; Jack X!
Beer nerd question: is it possible to get Fuller's London Pride pale on draft in the US? And if so, does any place in Seattle have it?
Just ran into Chevy king from Club Copa best late nite Newport run in a min, hope it pay off
We've added another feather in our cap. Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint is officially 11 Years old !
PickUpLine: You know, if I were you, I'd have sex with me
SWEET SUNDAYS at EMPIRE IS NOW OPEN 4 a Day & Nite party! Say George's list 4 Discount : 2 rooms & outdoor patio 1716 N.Cahuenga Blvd
There's no 'tree falling in the woods' dilemma when it comes to the tip jar. If they didn't see you tip, you didn't tip.
“: Ken might be my soul mate, but Christian Louboutin is my sole mate!” Hahahahaha!!!
UGH I need to finish this mix.
World's Most Interesting Baby: "I don't always drink milk, but when I do, I prefer DOS BOOBIES.
oh fyi you'll get a good laugh cause I literally fall on almost every hill and one time I even almost got hit by a car. (':
so much fun! And I've only fallen down twice! :)
but you probably look 100% man
More twitter spam than usual.
you are already doing so many of Hesse things. And HHJ showed one of your FB pages!!! Rock On!
If tweets us and tells people to follow us (Kingdoms Clothing) i'll buy her album!
not really, in way cuter than my car ;)
if you go to the bar it will cost you more then $30
Just registered my spot for the fest. Can't wait to shower Portland with my Plastique Pop zine goodness!
Time for a bathroom makeover? Maybe just different tile? Small repairs to complete investment/rental rehabs, we got you covered.
got you next time you come hang out!
Thank you boo!❤ RT : happy mothers day! 😊🌷
Still.. writing Christmas Cards Out!
Hell yeah!!!Steelers and Heat is I roll.
Check In at Sugar Shack BBQ on Facebook/FourSquare/Twitter and post of picture of Trailer and receive FREE CHIPS AND A DRINK!
sitting on the couch doing nothing is fun
RT : Hear, hear! RT : 4 flights of chocolate while we drive to the farm. This is the 2nd best way to travel
Join us 4 Easter Brunch 11am-3pm/ Dinner 4:30pm-10pm Children under 10 eat 4 free w/a purchase of an entrée. Make your reservations today!
Glad to be a part of anything that brightens your day... FYI, I never learned to Irish Dance myself (disgrace)...
You are honestly my INSPIRATION! thank you!
Would love for you to show up @ our Every Thurs. Vallejo Music Group Ladies Night...9-1 / $3 Miss Z Vodka-Tinis...All Female artists
Very Bored . & He Boring Me More...
Its National Chemistry Week...That's too bad.
We are going to try to get an interview with cody! So send in your questions for us to ask him before 5PM New York time!
Thanks for checking us out, glad to be following you!
The human heart beast roughly 35 million times a year
Ol long neck ass hoe.
read DORA last night! awesome. Can't wait to handsell it. hooray for Lidia!
teaching this AM about missions... what is your mission in life?
love the secret garden!! congrats!
What a day
My phone, internet ...everything is trippin out.
our work is NEVER over at all. Just have to keep killing it.
Learn how to manage your money and assets now, so you can help yourself and others later. Get a will!
What are you doing Friday? Text FFM to 25827 for free admission to a GREAT night of live music! DJ James Blake providing the beats.
You caught me off guard, and now I'm running and screaming.
*british accent* BUT DADDDIIIII. I WANT A RAZOR
Thanks for the tip, Lynne!
yeah.... I read that in the brain quest cards or something like that.
Can U Help Me Get More Followers
Those guys have a rough job, don't they? Their workplace is a nightmare!
Aww you're so lucky! Have fun :))
#confession once I fall for a boy... It's so hard for me to get back on my feet and move on.
Work the PLAN divinely designed for you.
5 second hug
Why no questions about religious freedom, separation of church and state and keeping religion out of government?
Have you heard our CD benefit for ? BradPaisley JimmyBuffett ClintEastwood SherylCrow Great local project!
R.I.P. DONNA SUMMER :'(
Chicago has more hot dog stands than McDonald's, Burger King and Wendy's combined. The world still makes sense.
When a heart is true, there’s no need for words because even in a silence, love can be heard.
agreed! RT Happy Birthday to & : two amazing people who bring great energy & awesomeness...
i will forever be
hahahah my relationship with my sister EXACTLY!
And with one tweet, already has more than 100,000 followers! How fast will it become 1,000,000?
everytime I fill in on show I have a new found respect for Russ and Brenda making this shift look so effortless! I'm pooped!!
When Prof says a paper should be NO MORE THAN 6 PAGES, she means make it as short as possible, right? Cause she's sick of reading our stuff?
What exactly is the point of a roundabout anyway?! No one ever freaking yields! Ughh
Thanks for #listing #AlexanderInteriors /style-and-design !
nice work, it was a good time.
Haha, yea, I like to think so to, I would love get a kiss from you and taste those lips of yours!! M sweeter than honey
The barn smells like gopher poop.
I lost my physics book on my flashdrive
um, Chris is having make a mix?
And you think this is bad? o:
omg i like missed Twitter so much i was so bored never again will i get in trouble
First lady: No smoking or Facebook in White House. www.tncnews.com
My eyes are slowly closein u_u (y)
Second that! Yowch! RT : RT : Hey Farmer Vicki: only *some* of the padron peppers are supposed to be hot
It's true...And it's not about the economy. People weren't into his involvement in the Fluke thing.
I know, there was no denial statement, he just got shut up quick
if you don't make sense then don't talk shit
Nice. Figure out where you're staying?
with the amount of tequila on our menu, singing comes easy!
Naoumoff (sp.?) teaches piano at Indiana University. Anyone who gets the chance to study with him is very lucky. He must be life changing.
Regardless of us losin I'm of my nigga
I'm going to answer, too- Been on TW since 09. Gained TONS of industry contacts and even better... signed contracts
Imitate an actor: Dustin Hoffman as 'Tootsie'. Put right hands finger tips on your chest, look concerned, & say, "Oh my goodness!". Classic!
thank YOU For an awesome party. The space looks hot!
Americas Got Talent is BACK!
Playing Doobie Brothers this morning, thinking about doing a playlist for my class w ELO, Chicago and Doobies
Looks like the thunderstorm is about to drop. The trees & red barberrys we planted today will get a nice initial soaking. My Azealas too :)
The Blind Side.
“: Kanye taught me, not only is ham delicious, but you can go it!”
"Oh, shit!" - we are watching for it!
I've always disliked the word tolerance because it implies that not hating another person is an inconvenience to you lol
Thanks for the tweet darling!!
#thankful for :P
Hey Pepboys, Mike Grutter from store #0090 in Woodbridge is so helpful! Please let him know we said thanks again!!
Word! “: "Sometimes a label deal is kiss of death. Ur not failure if u dont get signed." #ASCAPEXPO - been saying that 4 years!”
ahh all these people have your shirts i'm jealous... looks like it's about time to get some money on a card
Looking for examples of ethnographies involving SF public schools. Suggestions?
WCK RECORD FLATOUT!ENT A.D.S PRODUCER GREEN
I also learned that rosewood is not from a rose bush.
oh haha I have a tattoo appointment at 1pm so I'll have to hit u after
Happy New Year - Here's to a successful and rewarding 365 days!
GUESS WHAT I JUST BOUGHT TICKETS TO SEE YOU JUNE 22ND #YEE <3
YOU KNOW YOU WANNA CLICK MY FOLLOW BUTTON<3
why do you have such poor customer service. High high high rates. Do something! Time to go completely to ???
Heading off to #nyc June 7-9 for a whirlwind tour with all my buddies in the Empire State.
me and my Sis want to be in it
it's the history, change is hard sometimes.
"There's a lot to be said for self-delusionment when it comes to matters of the heart." - Diane Frolov and Andrew Schneider
Trying to talk my boss into adopting 's crisis communication strategy: reassuring, polite, and includes a kitten. (We've got 2 of 3.)
Would be happy to look through dumbsearch.com and message back. Might be asking same in a couple weeks. :)
thank you! :)
One of the biggest problems in schools is that every single one I've gone to has A/C problems. It's fucking cold.
We're voting YES on #sagaftra!!
Back to me now BYE
the "girlfriend" Obama wrote about in "Dreams of My Father" was a composite of multiple women
Oh beautiful, sunny 80 degree weather with a nice light breeze, where are you? We want you NOW! Pretty please.
Ustreaming The 27th ! Make Sure You're There :)
#telemedicine to reduce absenteeism and make it easier for employees to seek care without leaving work or home. Thoughts?
I'm not the biggest fan of the Weird Mysteries,but the new look is definitely worth taking a glance at :-) u miss Sugar Sugar??
Congrats on Caps! And good to see you tonight.
He's being so rude.
good seeing you guys yesterday, can't wait to get started. Oh, and March 1st it's on... :)
I see the way andrya staring at Alfred
Don't judge a good day by the happiness you take from it. Judge it by the happiness you bring into it.
Most definitely.
Bella thorne is flawless !!
DC: The event at CLUB LOVE, NE, was great! The food was delicious, the woman were beautiful, the wine was fine! Thanks VINCE GRAY, MAYOR 2b!
Sean Payton should be an annalist for the 4 letter network. Why not, almost every ex couch is.
your lips on my lips...thats a merry merry christmas(:<3
[insert crude sexual joke]
Joe Ricketts is a something (Terry) but can't hold that againt Tom, Laura & Todd. : Eighth paragraph is key: "...and family
be sure to grab 's new EP #sonicetomeetyou on itunes NOW and help them get to #1!!!! AH do it!!punchlinetonumberone.com
valentine shopping saturday - i am going to the brighton store!
Allergy Season .
": shout out to niggas who chop and screw with virtual Dj I see ya doe .."
I just finished a 4.12 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
you better not do nun stupid best friend I swear !!! That's dumb if you fight u got to much to lose
IF YOU WANT YOUR MUSIC OUT HIT JAY BIZZLE UP. GOGGLE HIM.
It will be good for the Cats RPI if the dirty birds win but GOD I can NEVER pull for it !!!!!!!
did he really? He was an asshole though when I seen him at the NBA all star game he was being a dick but still no reason to die
I just texted you! Haha .
stuff for work
At my grandmas:/
Your Town: Soledad finance director heads to Watsonville
I swear to ya, I'll be there for ya
you live in Canada, enough said
are you going out tonight?
LOL I'm such a nice person #imcuteright ? 😂
Wait...I never realized that he actually did say that. Sorry!
better a lizard than a gator
RT : Interesting way to make a point... just took her off shirt. #lavacon (Talking about starting anew.)
i have nothing to twerk on RT : twerk for 24 hrs straight RT what else shall i do for my 19th birthday?
was thinking this AM that the White House response does not include terms "information" or "info literacy" - interesting.
America was never fascinated by iraq and most could have done without the war. We never had much interest.
thank you for your daily messages of motivation
the #saganaki didn't last that long
I need to get back in shape. I want to be able to run ten miles straight by July 15th.
I can't wait to be able to laugh about all of this...
I was walking to the place I volunteer at and my leg twisted while I was walking
Its going well...So very interesting and nice to be able to stick around after the show and work on stuff.
“: Nah.... No thanks! #wineathome RT : #Cancer, be brave today and leave the safety of home ;)”<-------
lol. i bet you do!
please follow she is you biggest fan!69
Making my way to Austin, TX for camp w
Using my abacus and slide-rule, I have determined paper loses to health IT systems.
i dont like you anymore....
"I never knew that chicken salad had mayo. It has my two favorite foods, chicken & mayo. Then I tried it, now it's my favorite."
Tickets are on SALE at all Mr.Bill's locations!!! Get it while it's hot!
so could I have all your American airlines flyer miles then?
time for bed Burgundy out, like an fat kid in dodgeball.
Congratulations NC!! We are one of 9 states to win the Race to the Top early learning competition! Share and spread the word.
or Sisters!
Drinkers rejoice! #threesheets on fine living network tonight 10pm. Welcome back Zane!
#SacCityCouncil #arena I hear it's expected to go quickly. Will be interesting see what the council is thinking.
Hey guys. We're still in the process of editing our tour video. Stay tuned! Enjoy your Christmas break! -Jake
Two days after deciding to release Peyton Manning, the Colts have just decided to release Peyton Manning's forehead too.
you're welcome! do they have any date for you to see them?
It's our block, so we're the neighbors & community doing the outreach and the rehab!
LMAO!! RT yes his heart is broken from being coached by m brown. He's getting Smush Parker flashbacks.
NBA basketball on ABC
Selling ticket!
you're so cool!
what's your favorite candy? #askAustin ;)
that's a tough matchup, your stuff is better than 16 seed
YUSSSS! I'VE MISSED MY GIRLS SO MUCH.
Follow me,is Sexy related to Watch Pretty Little Liars Online
Go Mich! Go Big Blue! Slap Bet! Countdown begins!
RT If you are late for everything! Don't be late anymore, be on time and in style with slap watches!
Sea World! :D
I see you!
Damn. That Austin kid's got a motor!
Renunciation is an effect of selfless actions dedicated to a higher cause, like the welfare of the community.
If I saw a shirt online for 35$ I would be like oh shit that's cheep but if it was at the store I would be like oh shit thats expensive.
I am over myself. Just being clear about what I do and the value of it.
My girlfriend thinks im mean cause I hate being woken up.
ok - ran and swam today - good day
My mind is numb. I can't even read frivolous things. I get it body, I'll take a break. *pops in season 4 of #TheWire*
I don't . I don't even know her .
**Have a good safe trip**
Frances Bay, Adam Sandler's grandma in Happy Gilmore, has died. Bummer. She was 92.
Bought a young coconut at the Asian grocery for the first time ever. SO tasty. More coco.h20 and flesh, and less work, than I'd anticipated.
Done with the night. Experiment is over. I realize that alcohol does change the brain. Koolbeans. I hope everyone loves everyone, as I do ;)
torn ligament, Tommy johns likely
send me some shit you've done too...i'm out of the label projects for a min...working on the placement game
72 plates, 12 martini glasses, 12 ramekins, and 12 funky bowls. See. Not bad at all. Thanks! Safe travels.
Call in now! Listen to our great speaker and historian Brother Rashid 1-619 393 6453
Just Waiting >>>>
We would like our friends, fb fans & tweeters to remember to come in or drive thru and enjoy a free iced coffee. Promotion code: BOOST22
depends on situation
Cool! Got an #audition tomorrow :) going to the gym later on to perfect some skills!
yay Nancy! Welcome!
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace. - Buddha
Flow so ugly, money so handsome .
So jealous! RT Sitting by my pool and getting a tan. Man I love san diego!!!
Just need 3 follows to bring the number up to 200. I promise to be worthy of them!
Bout to go to neighborhood watering holes
To all the ladies who says ALL men are the same........who told u to try them all?
Staff and Ambassadors pending the morning w/ coffee and breakfast
ck us out!!
Great party ! Luv the new digs truly stunning. Bravo!
We're curious - what's your usual lunch break plan? Eat out? Take a nap? Work out?
Im feeln you in Bmore. One of the hottest out.
Based on E-everything: PechaKucha-style presentations are indistinguishable fr. regular powerpoint presentations.
post pics :) have fun :)
As a Christian, sometimes dating gets difficult. But knowing God is in control and the other person is a gift is well worth it
For Mother's Day my husband bought me a new hammer. I LOVE it! :)
invest in holograms?!
the site only sends u back to twitter right? Its spam trust me, I clicked on the site and then it spamed my followers so don't click
awesome! Tired af but awesome
mmmmhmmmm and hows does all of that make you feel? Seriously I went Friday, seats in the fan deck. And just couldn't enjoy it
I'll spot you a nickel. Does your twitter interface have the new small object teleportation feature?
Let the games begin, at #seflin2011 "Bridges to Technology" conference
Don't miss it! RT : Save the Date for the 2012 Evansville Bowl for the Cure! June 14,15 & 16 at CJ's Willow Bowling Center.
Out of plain courtesy and respect, I never call anyone cause I wouldn't want to wake them up
So happy that my room will have an AC next year! Also living in the best dorm building on campus #Caryquad. Do you agree ?
Tom Barrett used to represent me in the 5th district. Locally, he was best known for being at the aisle to shake the POTUS hand at SOTU.
Need new followers Plz follow :) ill follow backk
YA I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU SAY IM A DEVOTED ICONIAC I MAY NOT HAVE BEEN ON TWITTER SUPPORTING MY BABIES BUT I KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON (c)
Heat Kills - At 85 degrees, your car with windows open will hit 102 degrees in 10 minutes, giving your pet hyperthermia. Plz don't leave...
The gift wrapped that game. WTF.
you like what?
#iwanttobe a rapper
You like it so far? I find it awkward that my work is pushing it on us, but yeah...it correlates 2R demographic. ;)
that's my connection at work. It IS nice, but unless you're downloading a giant file, I don't see a big difference from say 10Mbps
How deep ? "tell me" how deep "tell me" how deep is your love
Amid all the gushing over Leah Dunham...no questions about why all the "girls" are white and basically look the same?
How are you today, Missouri?
Everyone around me is fast and same is true for my son. Top seed in 50 at mens NCAAs is the son of the principal at his Pre-school.
can't wait to see your set tomorrow! Stop by our tent by the main stage tomorrow !!!
Makin an effort to eat mindfully.
Ok, ok... I'm sorry. The whole thing sounds messed up to me. Run away from whoever that dude is...
lmao singing that one wish ray j
Move that bus!!! No really let's go and I want to get to nova
worse than the one to Sarasota?!
I be that pretty motherf_____
YOU'RE no grammarian!“: Your no Jerry Seinfeld.”
When we're constantly wishing for something, we overlook everything we already have.
Preparing for a busy weekend behind the camera.
Natalie Wood....hm nice, thanks for that
I don't like giving ultimatums. It's just not in my nature.
"The aim of education is the reconstruction of a person." Elliot Eisner
There was a false rumor on the internet yesterday that facebook was going to start charging payments.
the love i have inside has died .
OWLS, OWLS, OWLS WOO HOO!
Our thoughts and prayers to the Lokomotiv Yaroslami team families that perished in Wednesday airplane crash.
I'm fairly certain I just watched Colonel Sanders walk out of a Chick Fil A and walk into a McDonalds.
I must say,that I love you so. Ooh La La I'm fallin' in love and it's better this time than ever before.
thank you for the invite
please follow me♡♡ I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 95
Good morning my loves!! Stay blessed!💙
RT : FREE party w/ American techno champion Dustin Zahn on the decks!
#slightlyaddicted to dancing! :)
My drive up and down 71... always an adventure
red onion sandwich. You won't be sorry. Right around the corner from metronome. Penny cluse for brunch!
Beautiful Jewelry Worn By Red Carpet Royalty Stars!!!
Resident of Cedar Hills since 1996. I can assist you with home search and referral in Iowa. When does hubby start new gig?
YOU ALREADY CHECK OUT THE OFFICIAL VIDEOS HIT ME FOR ANYTHING
I LOVE YOU
I worked at the art gallery this evening. I really miss it.
Oops, #wrong :) #fridaylistens is The Convenient Marriage. #fridayreads is In the Garden of the Beasts by Erik Larson. Great page-turner.
Dance was kind of hard today!
only when you go up on wires but they feel weird
Rnd 2 of the #NIT is underway! #6 seed is playing #2 seed on Monday...who do you see winning this game?
Dude. Fuck this storm. #scared. I drove over two power lines.
I dont care what race youre if u can treat a lady with respect then u number 1 in my book knowing how to fuck is 2 lol
Brookside Fuji sucks...this is my last time to come here. (@ Fuji Japanese Cuisine & Sushi Bar)
I miss my sanity on days like this.
For you, sir, I'll even bring chord number 4.
I'm over here bashing my brain tryna find sum kicks for it smh
RT“ Last Day Of School Is 29th HURRY TF UP.”
Tryouts Monday :)
he took me to the movies monday night, he came to see me last night before he went home, and hes makin dinner tonight for me.
You might be confused. That is not what I am saying at all.
I'm listening to the world's slowest & most monotonous techno song. Either that or my smoke alarm needs new batteries.
we r holding a benefit on April 28 4 , would u b able 2 donate anything to raffle off? thanks!
Thanks for the support tweet! :)
Attn race fans! The pups will be getting some extra vacay time on Thursdays for a lil while! After tomorrow, Thurs. will be dark until 6/6!
Natural disasters in the US; human made disasters in Afghanistan, Syria & Africa; where does a benevolent merciful god fit into all of this?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA IM ON TWITTER AND YOU'RE NOT XD HOW YOU DOIN FOOL
sorry i cant come to the phone but if you aint my new boo leave me the hell alone. lol new voicemail
yeah, you promised that last time. now, a nigga dont believe you.
"U can use your mind to change your brain to change your mind for the better." RickHanson on self-directed neuroplasticity
damn. Lol that's mean :/ maybe I should apologize?
- Nope. Only those who want to. :-)
I would hate to state the obvious right now, but its raining hella hard outside lol
El cielo a conspirado a mi favor
Oh LA, how I missed you
I wanna b in my twenties forever
“: Why am I doodling triangles right now” illuminati...?? Haha
A big woot for my love Teresa, ordained tonight at
Also nice to see that Baylor showed up with some shooters.
#RONonymous ? The momentum of this #r3volution grows. An idea who's time has come cannot be stopped by any army or any government.
And so it shall be, Jackson the Enigmatic. So it shall be. :)
A friend is one who knows us, but loves us anyway
lol bout to put ma homegirl video on youtube!!! lol
Right, no Petersons this year. Looks like a nice boost in quantity though.
u watchin a neverending story again??
Check reduced rates or specials with airlines for 10+ traveling together. Book early and ask hotels re discounts. Use airport shuttles.
Not hearing Doc Emrick call a game sound just 'off'
In Denver. I work from home and Twitter. :)
U know u fat if u leave the house with tv dinners in ur hand like its a clutch purse.
Right NOW (5-6pm) we're having the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix Challenge!! Please call and show support with a pledge: 888-621-6900
Thank you so much! I'm glad you enjoyed it! Xoxo
RT Chuck is on 1st tonight so please tune in and vote for him. 1 800 868 3402 is the number to vote for chuck.
Instead of fighting #Arizona, fed govt should enforce own #immigration law. #SupremeCourt should rule in favor of Az. RT
No problem RT S/O To For Always Helping Me Out.!!!!
Kudos and thanks to for his series on AUW at New Age. It's eliciting response, and, one hopes, reform.
When is gonna be inducted in the RNRHF? It's total bs she's not there yet!
Carvin jones rocks the house! Tonight 9pm. going to be good time for all
good to hear
just checked out your company - great stuff!
Holy shit. 3 in-stores successfully hit, shot, and filmed. Running, ONO, and Runnies. Expect a cut of this all together soon.
This guy Denzel Washington is cold
We are pleased to announce that Nabuko Hokari and Bob Sottani have joined as Sales Associates
Probably shouldn't have moved from beer to bourbon last night
We are, lol
Going to bed :) had a super awesome day!!!! London 2012 ppl!!!! ;)
Ariana is a Real G.Go Swagiana.You rap it.We have the next Nicki Minaj here for Nickloden.<3
Holiday shopping brings out the idiots in masses.
Urban Camper!
The Big Ticket
follow back bro!!
RT Wanna get outta GA for awhile...
Which room would the party fit best in?
what'd you think of the show? It was unfortunate that I had to leave early...
Killed it tonight bringing home 3 golds and a silver and to top it off guys got 1st as a team! #lovinglife #allwedoiswin XD
RT : TONIGHT! at HOOLIGAN's...
Big guest tomorrow on " In the Trenches"
Female gamers aren't that rare a breed. :)
My neighbors listen to good music. Whether they want to or not! -__-
Alhamdulillah our prelaunch is live! Visit us at www.majmoo.com - we are hiring business liaisons email at JZK
I hate it when I think of something really clever to tweet, and then by the time I get on the computer to tweet...My mind draws a blank...
So I woke up with sore eyes
Sounds dope !
Wonderful cause and much needed!
Thank you sir!
do you like red meat? sparks or peter lugers steak house
Jimmy Fallon wants to know about the time I had to poo and couldn't get to a bathroom in time...oops messy
Breaking Medical News: At least 1 meal each day should be trail mix.
Bring your Blazers 10/21 or WInterhawks 10/22 ticket stub to #frighttown (same night of the game) and receive $5 off regular admission!
agreed. but he was a comparatively moderate voice (compared to Dobson et al) and he pursued social issues evangelicals ignored.
I would've smacked him and told him to go outside. The bottom floor of the house in Paranormal Activity 2 almost matches the
Nothing makes my feel more relaxed than tanning
The afternoon is speeding right on by here at #Jobspring! Love spending the afternoon getting to know new candidates!
I love taking naps with my puppy c:
Does Greyson sleep in his boxers like all boys? I'll find out in approximately 7 years XD
let me take a deep breath WOO FUCKIN SAAA
Happy birthday to one of the most amazing brothers I've been blessed with:-) I love you alberto<3
You look so chic in your avatar. WTF lol
- Your going to make it someday. I hope the best for you & hope to meet you all in person one day(:
Ever wonder about the relationship between food and art in #KC. Join #anhkc Fri from 12-2pm for Food for Thought: The Art of What We Eat
That crappy #Marilyn statue cannot come down fast enough.
Waiting for dhe new teen wolf :)
Afternoon from the land of three rivers... Well five if you count the smaller ones, I think...
Hahaha! Good one! :)
Thx for the follow. Blessings in the name of Yahusha. Shalom
besides bill Clinton by lil b
Going 2 Dr. 2 have water drained off knee-- fun way 2 start week lol
I don't know...I'm just wanting some change for you, me and Kailynn.
Support your local after party. Please give a fuck. LOL
Ha! I'd give it time though, my first set of matches sucked but I eventually got some good ones.
So proud of my home girl for taking home the W! Official Queen v Queen qualifier!
Maybe it was more the coworkers than the song, but I don't like to speculate...
It's true. My pals over at rule. RT : New tweep chef Already a friend, since I read he...uses
Are you really proposing discriminatory hiring practices based on personality type? Because I may be shy but not meek.
I thought I saw an Etch-A-Sketch in Rick's hand when he said that.
#smallbusinesses can rest easy with us. we've got you covered.
The biggest compliment you can give your client is a referral.
Happy Mother's Day! Tonight's guest list for Sunday Circus is looking great so far; taking names until 7:30pm. Bring Mom! 916-295-0720
May have to move to Mexico. Anyone have any experience with this? Love to hear your story.
You are too mister!
Goin hard in the paint right now.
Thank U 2 Chefs Joachim Splichal
What does embodiment tell us about blackness?
Just dropped off some new footage at crib.. Can't wait to see what these guys stir up.
i har it when my friend fight... i never know where to be
i love luray caverns! are you going to the petting zoo??
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. Henry David Thoreau (1817 - 1862)
Hahaha you better not be(: I don't hate you!
Sounds like someone had a good birthday!
lol so true
Haha, I won't be there tomorrow, but if I was, I'd roll out the whole freezer for ya.
always seems to be a #TT people and their crazy obsessions. Trend something like
#fridayreads NONE SHALL LOOK BACK by Caroline Gordon and Waugh's A HANDFUL OF DUST.
if i had a vagina i'd queef on all you hoes!
Don't wanna break your heart, wanna give your heart a break.
Two dollar tacos and tecates!
Erie Station Village is not the closest to #RIT, but its def. one of the nicest nearby. 1 BDs $905/mo, 2 BDs $1075/mo
has always tried to connect to people who are really moving solutions.
He was okay looking but his friend Shawn was hot.
I'm going to die the next time I fill up! :(
"Will wonders never cease?"- Houdini. For the sake of museums we hope they never do.
SInCity Roler girls at the QUEEN vic tonight its gonna be hot hot hot
In general, we block communications between vpn customers on the same server
yeah! then like the slags of the school get these small dresses that don't cover there ass! haah
probably gay now
so, you and tight?
I just heard 's blackout on the radio!! i stared singing and dancing :)
#timewarnercable suck with their costumer service. Been on hold for an hour to just order a PPV fight. It's not even on HD. Switching..!
Cougar Fans, just locked up 9 establishments with Cougar Specials for Cougs Night Out during Spokane Week, on website shortly
“: Everything should come in cookie dough flavor.” I couldn't agree more!!
Dan Duquette just now noticed the clause in his contract that stipulates he must stroke my son's ponytail with boar's hair brush daily.
After 43 years I hope a man says my bravery and beauty haunt him still. Swoon!
Just stop. I'm
Director John McDaniel of Forsyth: build a management team across all functions since you can't know everything
Gettin ready to leave arizona in 6 hrs to head home :((((
There are many paths to the Magic Bullet, but the view is always the same. RT i love a good infomercial
If you have an actor friend, they should meet with me in next 50 days. Actors have gotten 1,000's of agent, SAG cards, and some book series
Can't wait for saturday.
Oh ok thats cool too
u only love your wife
I'm using Pocket Universe!
"i dont want you I want money"
I second the need for this question to be answered!
Great pictures you have! True lovely children! God Bless!
alright now lol
right please fucking explain what is an #ff and I'm five followers of 100 :D x
Swimming in a sea of fabulous Fellowship applications. So. Excited. Thanks for getting the word out to every corner of ye olde Washington!
saw your tweet regarding dealers, do u think that of all of them or did u have a bad experience at one
2 blue demon dogs and fries. Delicious meat in tube form! Bmurph!
Happy Opening Weekend!
thanks for that!
so im guessing ur day didn't exactly go well either?
Haha of course he did, its a good thing you caught it, a little spit isn't bad compared to the lid blowing off.
No problem. Actually, Ben inadvertently reminded me that my anniversary is next week!
Who puts people on hold for 30+ minutes??! Wth. Dang, must be some long ass poop break.
Nah man, I'm still saving up money lmao. I wouldn't mind the dates though 😏
Researching liability for internet #intermediaries and finding cases dating back to 1996. Why relatively little attention then?
Attending the event tomorrow night at 6:30pm? Be sure to tweet about it using
good luck to the #Pacers big chief..hope to see ya in 2nd round!
yea i know,what the heck!!!! Lol
La La love Cody :DD..Have you heard of yet?
Daaaaa Bears! They will bounce back today!
I wish i wasn't so sick. It's beautiful out today.
Mariano Rivera hurt his knee. That isn't good for the Yankees....
HAHA. My TL is cracking me up. You won't like him when he's angry!
"Your library should be as important in your community as the police and fire dept." via
Dont ask about me, ask me!!!
Stupid new #flagrant foul rules, what happened to letting people play basketball, do we really need to stop the games for all these reviews?
that's what we do well in my opinion. We aren't canned.
surprise me :)
If your boyfriend gives you a diamond ring tell your parents!!!
PARTY AT THE DROP.
Just returned from Nashville - wrote some great songs w/ Gary Nicholson. Update on new CD coming soon...
cool!!! a US/UK Collabo the track is Fire lets make it happen for real!
raptors,pistons,and timberwolves.should be a 3-0 road trip and a 5 game win streak.
woo hoo!! I don't think can handle the excitement.
To see if they heard or saw anything. I'll update when I get more info...
Welcome Terry Sullivan! U.Va.'s new president starts work today.
Happy Mother's Day to my momma and best friend. Love you more than anything.
Trapped by proposals, scheduling & prod. arrangements, all while dancing around in knickers 8 times a week! Sunday can't come soon enough!
Moved the TV out of the bedroom because the doc says it could be contributing to the insomnia. So... yeah, sleeping on the couch tonight.
DID U TAKE UR MAHOMIES PICTURES WITH U??
RT : RT : When you look back, I hope you regret treating me that way.
Pianta: seeing their interactions with children on video helps #ece teachers improve their practice.
yup! It was really AMAZING for your first!!:)
Same here. Just ask the West Memphis Three.
