Why CAN'T YOU HAVEE A CONCERT IN TAMPA ?!?!
Victory wings @ the peanut w/ who else is coming?
Send me a shoutout
hey! I missed you here! How was your day and work?
Ack! Sorry I didn't respond, I didn't check Twitter until later in the evening. I hope you made it anyway.
We are truly honored!
You can't take life for granted because life's to short for that shit #jadakiss💋
RT : #Bears WR Earl Bennett just told that and are expecting a boy.
I love cardigans ^.^
What a weird day..
Now Tim Bullis is presenting the "Back Story" to us - always a fascinating part of the conference.
In palmyra for a customer meeting. What an interesting town!
I didn't know you ran too! How'd yours go? We had the here today - great day for 13.1
woulds u follow back
Track web-based data. Hope everyone knows this! Quantitative data combines with qualitative: who is posting? When, about what? -> why
9 Home Runs today for the Tigs... Awesome!
flip on, samurai.
On cloud 9 after last night's computer class, students excited 2 build their websites, tons of conversations, watching semester come 2gether
There's some beautiful options on Woodburn.
ur coupons r deceptive. Ive never been able to use one but it gets me in your overpriced store. Will spread the word to avoid u
I deserve the best, & I will find it.
No WH photog pics posted yet from Master Lock and MKE, far as I can tell - anyone?
Really want to see live again
You bet your ass we are! (b: 10/21)
You're welcome! Thank you, , for your generous programs....
I'm on my game today and these hot wings are helping things out too.
Amazing VMA performance by
Someone needs to get their head in the game for tomorrow!
's such a jerk, but I love him -- not rite now though :/
ah, she's a mistress to many. :)
Vint Cerf at Arthur C. Clarke Awards: Clarke, Asimov, Hal Clemmons, Heinlein gave us permission to think crazy thoughts & Freedom to imagine
are the tdf dubstep remixes gonna be released?
Make that updates on Green News, not just new products
GJ, what a cool site u have! Can't wait to explore! Thank you for following Best of Philly BBQ!
"I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was." Happy Birthday Muhammad Ali."
thanks. I hear it was bobs bday. Happy happy ox
i <3 u, watch u everyday, but recommending sugar substitute in a segment on fake food?? rly? harley i know you can do better
Interesting Fact of the Day: In the final 3 minutes of the #SuperBowl, there were 10,000 #Tweets per second. You can drop your jaw...now.
That's the best compliment I can get! Don't worry, there will be some lighter options coming soon.
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes, I really appreciated them all!! Hope everyone had a good Christmas!! Now on way to Dome!! Who Dat!!
My least favorite teams 1) Vikings 2) Cowboys 3) Giants
Lots going on in the D this weekend! We'll be planting trees with the Mower Gang and banishing evil hobgoblins at Marche du Nain Rouge!
Thank you for remembering us!
How far the #Aztecs have come. Usually heading to Vegas worrying about Bubble Teams...This year #SDSU is fighting for a #2 Seed. Awesome!
Ancient Philosophy, great class. No complaints.
When I read Twain's letter I was immediately reminded of all .'s "buy gold now" & "herbal hair growth" ads. SameSame
The second act!
GREAT THE SUN SHINING
RT : Would love it if you could visit Franklin Park!
I am soo swore from that ride, and I gotta wear heels all day.
RT : The Seven Practices of Successful Medical Interpreters: Being a medical interpreter requires more than just lear......
final stage of mixing. then mastering. then songs for you.
Eager to moderate Thursday's PSAMA program on social media & healthcare (Harbor Club 11:30) with speakers Jennifer Seymour and Cary Badger.
Next week sometime? “: I'm at The Varnish tonight if anyone wants to come say hi. Well, and drink of course.”
NYC Fact: On April 30, 1789 the first President of the United States, George Washington, was inaugurated at Federal Hall on Wall Street.
you're pregnant with niall's baby? AWWW.
Thank you guys!! You're so sweet for doing that, April!!
THIS : The true criminals in the #TrayvonMartin case are the police, who shook off the killing of a young black man as 'self-defense'
doooooooode! first no school, then i dont getnyelled at, then i might go to the lock-in, now this? holy shit best day ever
not really good. I'm doing homework hahaha.
Only now realizing the joy that is David Gilmour's guitar riff on the outro of "Sheep"... Little gem there...
thanks for your support and top-grade film program at GMU ~ chico
Great job in Cleveland last night!
yo fellas our bands canceled tonight. Wonna come reck it???
Success lies directly underneath what makes you most uncomfortable
I have been thinking about some upcoming 50 milers and enjoy your articles.
Nothing makes a man feel better than his lady .... ( Girl I Got You ) < just came on -_-
Just make sure your clothes are in the dresser and the closet doors are shut!
You guys are beautiful no matter what people say - Demi lovato <3
Can someone please tell me how much the Wednesday night show is to enter? Thank you! :)
Good luck to everyone running the Marine Corps Marathon #MCM!!!!! You can do it !!!!!
K12Live is like a bridge connecting talented educational people with each other. Check out our List and build your PLN TODAY!!!
Thanks for blogging about Eric Dompierre! #EducationWeek Latest news: Dean likes the MHSAA's proposal! LetEmPlay.us
In many ways I can accept michele #bachmann but she is not true to the ideals of the #teaparty. She voted for the #patriot act, again. sick
where at
westside rentals. Gotta pay a bit, but they say it's the best.
man hve seen dat downloads on limelinx bro stupid swag
I look good today...haha
#classicblackmovie The Mack
« Banging that TM:103, Can't wait to buy the Deluxe edition Tuesday... Oh and sippin champagne»
The hardest thing about exercise is to start doing it. Once you are doing exercise regularly, the hardest thing is to stop it. – Erin Gray
"*Fire alarm* Teacher: okay kids, single file line Student: move bitch, um about to die"
Foursquare members, check-in at "Baltimore Blizzard 2010"
Sux when the link doesn't tweet as active! Blah!!.
Ead Simon has done a great job there. As close to the old Asher program that I played in as there has been in last 15 yrs
Thanks Harry! I am enjoying the coffee this morning. RT
Coffee came out my nose - need to not drink and read ur tweets at the same time.
omg i was kidding too. i didn't mean it that way. sheesh
that is an incredible view.
#IfTwitterWereHighSchool all the catholic school girls would hate on us!
now im drunker than a motherfucker -dances-
Just saw one of my online students in person. He was way taller than I expected!
I guess I didn't mention it? I'm still trying to wrap my head around the fact that my baby brother has a baby.
yes but can no longer trust either
Hello LA!!
glad yall are enjoying...
followed but follow back
Cant believe im still up like this..
Purple day birches
can u deliver some 😘
...Blake lively, Victoria justice, rihanna, Megan fox, candice swanepoel, miranda Kerr, mila kunis, miley cyrus, Jasmine v :)
Rolling oaks I'm here
Vargas is trash.
I'm trying really hard to get into this new Used album.
I AM A WOMAN. I WANT TO CRY OVER NOTHING. I AM GLAD YOU REMINDED ME OF THIS. I SHOULD CRY MORE. WAH. WAH. WAH.
Lord have mercy! Hahaha
My best friend, , no longer loves mee...
Actions speak louder than words.
I MEAN ITS BEEN LIKE 6 YEARS
A hug for you means I need you. A kiss for you means I love you. A call for you means I'm missing you.
Haha! If you can pick up Andrea, then she will sub in for me. I know, but I gotta be there for Drew Doughty! <3
Can you believe the author is Wittgenstein's nephew?
You could do better
I just think he wants a piece of you Manuel, LOL!!
What's the last book you've read?
Yea I know I got my issues Why you think I f**kin' flow?
Auction LIVE Now! #Film Posters,#IPAD2 E Colfax c'mon down and see unique film items!
yayhooo!!!!! All your hard work in a perfect nutshell.
I would say the trust is already gone as should the relationship.
Just like #EvilDead and #ArmyofDarkness? So bad, they're amazing.
sometimes i feel like an open book. other times i feel like an open bar. get it while it's free.
yeah , but I would still dress like I just got out of bed no matter what school it was.
man I am so tired today...what's up with that? time for some coffee and a trip to the gym....step 1, get up and brew
you know it gurl
Waz poppin tonight?? I'm down like old people.. Holla @ me doe
“ Progress is not created by contented people. ” — Frank Tyger
im sorry i didnt get on again :/
I know everyone's just waiting for me to fail, & I'll prove them wrong.
Siting around drinking tea now that the coffee is gone.
I don't even remember the rest
great! So exciting! Please email me so I can send you the info! Or DM your email! Thanks!
#Badgers with just 1 turnover so far, forced 4 from Indiana. Classic Bo Ryan basketball.
Compared to say, Cleveland State, they do. Thanks for such a great event.
so good
Had one of those once...they aren't fun.
high school isn't as bad as it seems, don't freak outt!
Its Hot As Shit Outside .
I'm so confused?
Did you know? In America, estimated weddings 2,230,374 Where are most weddings held in the world?
break legs, sir!
You're welcome
Continuing the recording process for our song "Dangerous Dames" today. Maybe even a live stream? we'll keep you posted! 12 PST
LOL I'm guilty of doing that myself before. :-/ At least we're at the GYM.
"well Paul I'm actually waiting for you"
analyst China Martens started in med school, then switched to study Chinese before she got a job teaching computers
There are 4 avatar award items as you progress through the phrases. I spent three straight hours talking to it. :-)
hahaha I hope said that..
So you'd have just bit the $600 million screw in the behind?
ibaka, westbrook, durant, harden... whats crazy is all four of them have all-star caliber talent, not just westbrook/durant.
man the NCAA tournament is bullshittin!
UNC for life
ill have chloe.. :-/ I figured of if we didn't play basketball it be good..lol
This is my camera. There are many like it, but this one is mine.
homie my triangle defense is on point ..
i love u!
Only Tuesday and I'm already counting down to try Chiyo Sushi this Fri.
The Mew York Times, an NYC newspaper for cats.
My son "Lil Ryme" is performing @ Club Evans on Saturday night April.28,2012.Memphis,TN.
Is that Peter lorre?
Follow all of the Digital Humanities live tweets at
I remember when I was a kid, customer service meant something, pride of ownership meant something. #Boxwire hopes to bring that back.
Just stepped into a puddle and the rain went into my boot. Thanks Burberry wellies.
nice!!! Well these guys are in a band from the UK
Taco Bell drive thru? Yeah, fuck it.
Oh wow that was great.. :D
Listening to music :)
Hopefully picking up the boy and then grilling will put me in a better mood.
Monday is going to be an awesome day. Tomorrow we will have College Night AND Banana Pudding Milkshakes will be available!
Age & money collaborate on smartphone penetration (and much more not noted on this survey!) Smartphones 48% and growing....
Can't stand this shit anymore
just talked 2 my ma. she sounds good so i can unclench my insides 4 a while :-)
that's who I usually go to, but my tattoo artist moved
west coast. Thanks :(
Signing copies of my #books at the Clark County Library in #Vegas! Come on out! Here till 4:00...
freaking awesome!!!!!
Hey everyone mad at , was every joke you've ever attempted funny? No.
Bahahahah u just made me laugh outloud!!
good luck on your paper!!! Can't wait to see yo FaCE tomorrow ! We must 🐷out in celebration of ur graduation ..💙😘☺
RT : I've mentioned before, but I recently lost my main job. Anyone know of anyone looking for a nanny or freelance writer?
I agree w/u. Also, Rachel gives me good vibes. Think she'll be there for a long time. Jennifer looks like joan of arcadia. Eww.
Hi gay guy gals follow me love u mwa
Thanks for sharing our tweet!
Cloud Browse 4.0 with full retina display for iPhone 4 and 4S is now available!
Play suspended for the night due to weather. Game will resume tomorrow. Details on the way.
Just ask :)
Really, quite good. Lots of discussion, questions, feedback. Good to have and helping out.
Haha did not know I was so difficult find / add. :) Found ya
Watching hop in second period
Fun! Can't wait to see!
Hard at work planning Boston's first Vertical Fashion Show for our Grand Opening on Wednesday!
You're more like the Kiwi Greek Chorus for all of us Chicago tweeters!
They are rebuilding and saving money. It had to happen sooner than later.
I bet ends his night apologizing to his fans. Teary eyed.
I thought I was the only one aggravated about that. I just gave a short interview about being mentored in your craft. So the tips..
Headed to Lady Bird Lake to watch the Winter Warrior! Chilly temps but clear skies
oh good luck on ur project!!
Good morning tweeps.
Just got home from the gym tired ...
how u been
we can.... what u wanna cook? Cuz we ain't got groceries lol gotta hit the store.... I wanna make more chicken gnocchi soup
Ever wonder what influences fashion on female form and identity in America? It's an intriguing subject that #anhkc will discuss today 12-2
I agree, Michael. The German Conference at Harvard was outstanding! Great speakers - most thought provoking!
Happy New Year, Laurine!
Happy Friday everybody :) do any of you know of a bar or liquor store in Milwaukee that has the West coast beer Olympia? Gracias
dude was looking pathetic on live tv
thank u :)
what team are you talkin about?
Human Dignity For Sale is live on kbeach...but stick around catharsis is commin on in 15
Obama just said if he had a son he would look like #trayvon. That is a powerful symbol.
lol I'm good. Gettin ready to start my day. U?
“: A study found children who were spanked had lower IQs on average.” >Thanks, Dad.<
Women don't care about money or sheep.
Woo Pig Sooie!
is a bully she trying to burn me with her straightener ah help!!!!!
Party is cancelled
gl today man
august, august, you are evaporating...
The Type Connection website is going to be a great resource for inspiration. Thanks!
Fairgrounds Field in Robstown. Used to be home to an independent league baseball team before they folded.
One should always have a life plan. If not, will fall prey to someone else... and guess what they have planned for you? Not much!
I'm hella irritated & i don't really even know why.
He's playing well. Starting to see him develop some more offensive moves. He's been working hard on his game.
"you can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness..."
don't forget the controllers... don't let him lol >>>
Dead battery...It HAS to be! ;)
Still stunned at hearing singing (well!) bluegrass yesterday. "Ain't it a shame to drink on a Sunday...?" Yep, and I have video!
Josh Hutcherson is so adorable it's hard not to love him c:
Hey Linda. Can you tell me about your Spain sale? My clients are ripping on me. Your help is so very appreciated.
": your a chef ? I like to eat :p" yepp I love to cook Im really good at it too :)
check out Newsie it's been called the Mercedes of Google readers for the iPhone.
Hahaha you have no friends.
Sleeper no more. RT HBO renews "Enlightened," cancels "Hung," "Bored to Death" and "How to Make It..." lat.ms/vISJhl via
Thank you and congrats! I will pass it out to the front desk staff!
because you are amazing I want to ask you this, What do I do if one of my friends is always flirting..hold on losing space...
WWW.reverbnation.com/zigzagdaarsonist . Bang this for ya good morning
So I'm working late moving a whole lot of data and media to our new back up server...but realized I can watch the game in our client suite.
Remember, the First Place winner in the Last Way Station Mega Book Tour Sweepstakes wins a Kindle Fire!
. #sallieson #shirtoff #snorkelon #insidetheNBA please make a rap out if this I beg of you.
#Rockthered ! Let's go
lol, no... mini mart my friend works at in town.
i know i say this every week, but this has seriously been the longest week
You & should do a morning show. I'd listen. RT : Ok, so let's come up w/ a show idea for morning show....
Thx for the follow! For any of your #Vegas needs let us know what we can do for you. Cheers!
for the first time i opened the plane window and watched our ride from LA to Ohio. #conqueringfears planes suck..but i'm getting better
HAHAHAHA yes it is!!!
I need instructions on how to use this instagram
Rejoice and love yourself today, cause baby you were born this way.
I'll try to believe in that. Just not now
Any goodmorning mentions ?
I've used Max & Mult Oppositions. Really like them both. Lynn Williams' SCIP software really helps generate stimuli
thanks bro
If you have to resort to violence to solve a problem, then you've already lost the issue...
Check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
3am and I'm wide awoke, WTF over!!! Time to shoot out text messages and see who is up.
My wife says I tweet too much so I decided to tweet that...
RT The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. ~ Albert Einstein #quote (via )
Quote for the day: "Talent is a gift, Character is a choice." Coach Larry Brown
we're giving away goodies so follow to find us after the show
isn't she adorable?! And yeah, she's pretty smart. Not a baby though, about 5 years old :)
Knowledge, networks and capital are your biggest weapons in the business world..
Saw a picture on tumblr of gummy bears being drowned in Smirnoff.... #MouthWatering :9
Team Jacob or Team Edward??
Thou shalt not commit adultery, unless in the mood.
“: woke up feeling very strange this morning. not my body, but my mind.” stop drinking syrup with French Montana.
Sounds perfect. RT : Sitting outside, drinking out of a mason jar, listening to it's the simple things in life.
Hope it went well!
A human can hold in so much, until they finally blow up. Cry, scream, complain. Sometimes they can't control themselves.
i refuse to ever use a PC in my house! U know what it stands for right.... straight up (P)iece of (C)rap :p
#ReasonsThatImSIngle Because i am waiting for Marriage. #read Genesis 2:24
Brewers Win. 1st in the Division.
# wov12 kara swisher: we r Moving out of a geeky phase in tech. Like how we take electricity for granted and do not worship it
Tax rate inequity. That's REAL class warfare!
Ahh! Well, when you want to expand, we have a cute little town here in the hills of Indiana you can use. :)
make me 😝
haha anyways.. Im not even tired u tweeker. I saw #kingofhearts and she gained some weight... do u have the full song yet?
Incorporating the first thing can only help. Rt ": I don't read books I read people"
After silence,after cries,after thoughts, u realize life goes on after that frustration,after that happiness,after that pain,& after sadness
I told you the odds of the Mega Million were 1 in 1,760,000 but I meant 1 in 176 million. Just a few hundred thousands off.
No I don't know who's coming... I just thought it'd be... Tense if even a couple of them showed up.
Now with Stephen Wolfram on computation and its impact.
Did you just get them?? I'm still stuck in the virtual waiting room :(
How much paper has that sucker gone through so far? :P
watching & learning as presents their virtual CIL lightning Round-Up!
The refs favor Robbie Hummel like no other
Ready for the easter egg hunt
we're looking for coaches in the MKE area...and help or suggestions would be great!
Want to make a change in your life? You can change anything! Find out how at the Center of Light-Milwaukee.
OLLU Softball - Won 5-3 over University of the Southwest
for realzzz!! I can hear her saying "lamlam baby" in my head right now!
im tryna make things right
Wind gusts up to 50mph on New Year's Day. WIND ADVISORY from 8am to 8pm.
#thingsigetalot I LOVE YOUR DIMPLES : ))))
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im gonna do charity work && save Africa.....
SPEECHLESS IT WAS AMAZING my mom was signing to it too I LOVED IT IT MADE MY DAY (: <3
Venti Hot Chocolate
HEY. 25 is NOT old. (says the 25 year old.)
RT : Pumped about 's sponsorship! We love their Greek yogurt & now eating it supports TeamUSA!
I still strongly believe Brittney Griner is a man.
even if you dint follow me
RT:I was born fatherless, raised a slave,turned to Dark Side& killed my true love."Borderline personality disorder"?Bite me CNN.
About time to tear up the links. Better be stacking that wallet
and I send like 4 more.
I'm getting way too carried away with PowerPoint already...
#IWishPeopleWouldJust remain in refined light while I'm trying to take their bloody picture.
I don't care. Kamani Hill still > Edward Johnson
Work now, play later
is a fan freaking tastic writer... we can all definitely learn a thing or two from his writing.
very very ugly! Never mess with Directioners!(:
I`m looking for a house
RT we love They're catching sets , Afterburn, and Switchblade Glory on Saturday. Are you?
wow I told you the fix was in
In the deli
Tour & facts by cell phone at the Miami Seaquarium. Good sponsorship opportunity.
Happy Earth Day, #ColoradoSprings! We're excited to be here!
AUDJPY 38fib didn't hold. Risk just took a dump.
All the need now is a win tonight and they wrap up the division and conference
that scares me! Lol
You bet Liz, my pleasure!
#ohreally you think your Chris Brown??? lmao
RT : It'll be Friday tomorrow which means you should call in sick and get up to Breck for our closing weekend!
The library breaths / Words, pages, whispers, secrets / Open up a book
Where are my tax returns!! #soimpatient 😡
Support your brother Sport brother Support your brother Sport brother Support your brother Sport brother Support your brother Sport brother
lol. where u tried to go to. xs?
BBDC TABLES ARE SOLD OUT FOR NYE! JOIN US AT THE BAR FOR A $40 COVER CHARGE WHICH INCLUDE A MIDNIGHT TOAST!!!! DJ THERESA IS IN THE HOUSE!!!
Girls have to go through a long list of painful things. the least guys can do is text us first!
oh you're partisan political pros! Cool have fun doing them both.
They've been planning the UI change for awhile. Maybe they're using the redesign as an excuse for a reboot? It's unnecessary
is at a shooting. Early reports say 3 shot.....working to confirm that information.
Omg. send me that original pic of her, I want to make one hahah
looking forward to having you All City Event in April!
Hey. Keep tweetn'
Yeah, that is even more crazy-talk then your class. Talking and human interaction are good. Plus, it meant I could avoid my paper :)
Hey dude. Wanna meet somewhere in the hotel and I'll show you the wonder that is ReelWorld Mornings??
Flying into Dallas in the morning. Weekend ok n Texas/Louisiana, should be fun!
Damn i have litterally like no tweets on this account wow
: When you master the art of being fully awake to this moment, you bestow a precious gift on your soul – the experience of love.
I don't either! Please send me the logo, can't wait to see. Busy=good! I've been in a creative funk this week...must get out.
RT : Getting pumped for LinC!! Follow us
AJSJDNZMSHDKSLAJSKDLDH!!! Up by 7 with like five minutes to go. Winning this determines whether or not we go to the play offs.
I actually would fuck Jennifer Lawrence if I was lez, BUT THATS JUST ME. :) lol
we'll be waiting patiently for your NY visit ;)
William Allen White in a music video once more! My cup runneth over.
Alberta's Last Thursday is from 6pm until 10pm. Please respect! You don't have to go home, but you can't stay in the street!
Sleepy after a GREAT workout. Hate that I have to wake up again for laundry
I swear the F I Weezy F Baby changes everytime this nigga wayne make a song...
do you want to have free peer-to-peer classes taught by ppl at #occupypgh?
RT You all should definitely consider following :)
seriously, shushed today as if i were two
where'd she go
Is it possible to be in love with someone who has absolutely no desire to love you back? Or tht they just hate? Or don't notice you? ☹
LOL I wrote the 2009 article and am planning on updating it. Thanks
The secret is out and in the open.
Absolutely L-O-V-E !!! See you in class one day?
you sure? I havent bought my ticket yet.
Thanks for the mention!
Cabby and DirtBag with the SWEET dp. Lowe again is a
I spent 1 hour and 15 minutes Bicycling. 978 calories burned.
Obama: every child should get a world-class ed.
I looked for WAARF and the app crashed
On my way to the mall
Moms givin me a hard time again n im at the store w/out er.I just had 2 take a walk.Tryin 2 take ur advice.words I keep in my <3
Just updated my resume (Only took 6 hours). Now, the world is at my feet!
Oh my..."The Help" is just wonderful. I don't want it to end...at least I have the movie to look forward to.
lol and yh me and her talked she like jay so it's all good but yh I love all of them just I like Nathan a lil better
Community Organizers gain greater dependents/followers/supporters and POWER by exacerbating conflict or exaggerating, avoidance of solution
I just bought maybelline waterproof. Stayed on during my workout the other day. It was cheap too!
Get ready, #sperrywedding engagement party!
Mah hah. Still in the car. Sammi's sleeping. Finally went pee. About to be in camp Pendleton. Almost home... I want to sleep.
i'm at work twitting
did I say I miss myspace and hate facebook
wheres Grace Jones ?
I mean, I just don't want you to turn into one of those guys who use a girl just for bad things..
among other things.....
Who missed us???
Yeah buddy RT AYE LOOC OUT 4 MY FAM HE ON HIS WAY TO PERFORM @ SECRET SUNDAY!!!
#juxtaposition, its a word...right?
I am going to ace this anatomy quiz tomorrow!
Whoa. Go Alma Mater. Congrats Dave ": Dave Leach '97 wins again on Jeopardy! $78,000 and counting"
if commits to UK, how does next years team compare to the 2012 National Championship team??
Yes! RT : Thanks to for the great treats! #smcnsb We will have to make it there for a meal! And a mojito ;)
how do you make a youtube video??? well sorry 4 the bother.. :D
Some people like to make of life an infield, and to walk only within its paths. RT Jack Cust Walks To The Yankees
Geek night 2012 is coming back in Feb. This year we will have video games, prizes and so much more. Welcome back Geeks and Nerds!
Acute Bacterial Sinusitis - one cardinal sign is facial pain or pressure
You know what you should do? Follow ! Just press that follow button. Pretty please with a cherry on top? 
I've had this discussion with friends before. I'm so glad we weren't alone in our analysis of "characters."
Oh I am! And the doctors laughed when I asked about him being able to tweet from the womb, THE FOOLS!
Thank you for the mention!
never tried Sprout. As you can see there are a million tools out there. Hard to exp w/ all of them.
yes:P
I'm waiting for your response
#protip: Calling your behavior shamless implies shame. No shame = no need to say so. See: shameless plug, shameless self-promotion, etc.
Wow what a bitch bye.
na but they got more of a chance than the heat
them r really gold
S/o to the hoes that go to delaware w/ heels on -___-! BITCH its a fucking PARK! Fuck you tryna look cute for?
in bed.... How can i fall asleep?
What a shot
Its weird to me that in the age of #bigdata that we need movements to get the US to publish the statistical abstract, BLS and NLS surveys.
thanks for following. Do you train #cyclists?
what i really meant to say is im sorry for the way i am, i never meant to be so cold.
HAPPY NEW YEAR! May 2012 be good to you.
Amen! RT : We don't need a football team in Los Angeles...
It's officially July, which means I'll be in Seoul, South Korea in less than a month. Wowzers.
Austin Carter. Ok so you're going to do GREAT an extraordinary things in MIA. I pray that you succeed in any any everything
dude, that sucks. Sorry to hear that.
Hi Tyra thank u 4 all the encouragement u give 2 young girls.
Besides, who knows how to wait, always gets the best.
text me, asap.
Oh.....I live in Hillbilly heaven and a 2 bedroom house rents for $300..lol
4th quarter underway
can't get enough of, "Ugly Part of Me" - It's been on repeat the last coupla days...
..thanks for the retweet. Glad you liked the article/video! Therese'
Handle it like a baller..take that shit to the grave.
Successful day of shopping with momma!
Smile like a doughnut & peck like a chicken - DO IT
That really amazing moment when you have a five page essay due tomorrow, however then you find an old essay you can reuse instead.
iv had dj coolaid for over 20yrs so u tell me..
To secure your brand, spend more of your time networking outside of your company than within.
yea right
We prefer the second logo. And yes, always place the icon left of the text like you suggest.
Realized I'm emailing someone whose address is barthur. Naturally, I wanna watch Golden Girls with some vanilla bean cheesecake
Thanks for the follow!
appreciate your business Ryan!:) RT : 303 has been go-to since high school on the NorthShore
hey where in Florida are you gonna be ?!?! (:
K unimpressed that I am traveling to Boston. What is she gonna do, color all day? Yeah, that's what I thought
Good to know! We're heading back to doc on Friday so I will mention.
Working at the as usual.
my thoughts exactly.
Only a couple more hours until #PersonOfInterest's season finale.
New website and facebook coming soon!!
Today is garb. I wanna go back to sleep.
THANK YEW
Team work makes the dreamwork
Wow, but I'm wondering why it's so expensive if it's plastic???
Just got my Alice costume!! Now dress rehearsal for the rest of the day/night (;
lol do you ... Well hi im justin
sports ass? You mean ? That's not nice ...
"Which lens? The one that came with your Canon Rebel! If you need to zoom in, walk forward!" Love it.
idk, I think it's a strange coincidence that both things happened together. What I do know is, T sizzle tore his acl!
I really want to go on vacation.
Team head-to-head results aren't that important for an individual award based on an enitre season of work
It's Hot , I Want To Get Wet .
I want to be an actress.
haha yeeaaah unfortunately... I got more blood taken from me
where are you seeing this?
I hate a lazy female that doesn't do anything 2 keep herself up
Where are all ya southern belles from?
You represent for us Capricorns!!:)
that's a strange and frustrating glitch!
GO BEAT THOSE CUBBIES! #Let'sEndThisHuntingTrip
we love your bio. You seem like an original guy. Still trying to figure out what your business does? Can you fill us in?
not so giggly now huh?! :)
IM SCARED...
Great weekend by far with Kylee!!!(:
it won't let me order that unless i change the top from united states to united kingdom lol :/ thanks though! x
Never thought I'd see the name Joe Satriani on Twitter. You win a multi-colored guitar with hand holder.
funny how you didnt mention the major violation against bsu was in tennis....letting a non-student participate in a event...
There are a few flakes starting to fall in the DTC. And so it begins!
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite.
nahh that just meant what he was saying to them..he may be better on air than he is at coaching
Yes! now! (: pleasee!
Please welcome These Old Guys!
Friday night = always Thai from Mai Thai. Always.
I just found that out today. Why can't I think of these simple things!!
Behind every great man is a great woman
Someone's playing a too noisy game on Skype. but we love 'em anyway. LOL!
RT : . i'm planning to start a blog in next wks; my first post is "debunking the MBA myth." it's lazy MBAs that build...
Trusted relationships beat social networks every time. (they're called "friends") via Sammy Haroon at
To access Oracle support (for Solaris patches) you must have a flash-enabled browser.
Shep Smith nailed it: "Politics is weird. And creepy. And lacks even the loosest attachment to anything like reality."
Great bunch, so excited for June! RT
- Welcome Mark! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
#WWtheDudeD? Usually help me sleep. (metaphor duh)
"Six under six" or "Jared" which do you associate wit #subway ? Both are the same campaign
Polone: Hollywood's Most Important Phone Rule - Vulture
They should just arrest everyone in State College, PA then I guess. It's a small town, how could everyone not know?
your welcome!!
Just got on twitter
"I can fly-- oh crap!" xD
Great rounds today bringing it today!
I'm on the under/sf as well. That fg sets up best case scenario for both.
woooww your music is awesome thank u for following, "over it" is my favorite song, keep on rockin to the Lord guys
A favor is a favor when it actually IS a favor.
text me please
Santa Claus is coming to town! Mark you calendars for the 85th Annual Milwaukee Holiday Parade on Saturday, November 19th at 9:30am.
Our ego mind holds us strongly within the 3rd dimensional illusion.We must release this habit of holding onto the mind.
I'm just now breathing
DS: Bernard Pollard.
johnny depp in everything he's done>>>>>>> (except the tourist w/ angelina jolie)
Hi! I KNOW! :( you know we always hold on with hope!
Willow Smith - Whip My Hair.
Yes! RT : It's not a spoiler that Carl is the worst kid ever.
Tiger is still going to win this thing, but best of luck to Freddy!
that's awesome!!
Heat fans aren't the ones that brings LeBron's name in the conversation…. it be y'all salty ass Laker fans -__-
sounds like a deal. You inviting anyone else?
Hopefully Talia comes tomorrow.
My mom needs too give me some money for some drugs.
You Rock! Wish I was there...
at least you woke up to a capitals victory?
RT RT : The short term pain of change is far better than the long term pain of staying the same.
There we go Lebron.. drive it in
had a fantastic afternoon of music at the Newseum with my hubby and friends: Eli Staples, Mike Michael Pope and Jamieson Tobey!!
I cant do homework without listening to music .lol
Playing for country fans last night, clubbing it up tonight. I love people. Wherever they are.
girls on my dick when i dope boy swagg, bitches on my dick when i dope boy swagg hahaa #Jammin Hit
A7: Don’t want focus on me, but psychic toll of repeated layoffs is enormous where it played out. Probably underestimated.
is he black? i thought he was peurto rican / filipino?
you are not right!
Good Morning ! :)
New York would be lucky to have you!
I hear that shift was expected by the end of this year??
I'm good I see you over there with 3k of followers
lets go to a party!
Great panel! Thank-you everyone who attended!
Anyone have that Fighting Bob quote used at turn-in celebration last night? I'd love to have the whole thing.
Very nice pic!! :)
loved your spreadsheet though!
Thanks for the love Rocelle :) " ♥ your #music :)"
Hey I thought you should know I successfully opened a package of cheese in less than 5 mins tonight
One of those days where I hate everything
Exactly. RT : Choosing low maintenance, long lasting products v/s disposable goods based on price only.
#vra2012 Knowing your rights is the first and most important step to asserting your rights - Gordon Quinn
Twitter is desensitizing death.
TONIGHT at 6 p.m.: Freedom Riders documentary screening and pre-show discussion with Julian Bond & Larry Sabato at
Is it just us or does it feel like March in November? Minnesota leads 14-10 with 11:49 in the half.
who that ugly bastard at the bus with fake polo on
"Now here comes the high tide of all the memories she left inside. These thoughts are so consuming, she seeks relief and longs to be free.."
just realized im following Bill Nye. my hottest childhood crush for sure. lol.
Tues good east,west or in the middle somwhere?
Just got back from prom & the club. I am beat!
oh really??
Q for ILL peeps: a patron ILLs something, no one will supply. How many of you suggest alternate sources?
Long lashes don't care <3
Checking out the work of Helen van meene, hendrik kerstens, Jill Greenberg, Jordan Tate and Todd hido
You're simply a great person, don't forget it.
Crutches SUCK.
"Are you cold?" "No i just got the chills." "....so you're cold."
Got the homies coming in from LA this weekend to celebrate a bachelor party it's bout to go dine hol up
Interesting to hear Wiley talk about student's emotional needs and how they want to address them with their products.
going to workout after work to #BeGreat and stay productive
lol... I'm not comin out until i see some sun
Everyone I come in contact w lately has been speaking one of my desires into existence.... in due time
#BadCauldronSongIdeas Mama said Nagamura (Knock you out)
I take it you don't place it on a flat surface, OTHERWISE you wouldn't be moaning about it. I need to tell you something..
aw she looked good with long hair
yeah i update on random dates haha. & ahh yeah i'm just feeling weird /:
who's ryan Sykes #beingthick name rings a bell?<3
We love the new song by ah
Whats the time limit two (or more) dudes can talk about hair products?
LOL! Before I was a frustated singer! LOL! I can host too. You should dance, put it on video and upload it on youtube.
Why am I awake right now!?!?! My body needs more than 4.5 hours of sleep....grrr.....
I need a hug.
I like Nebraska buy 1 point , Ohio St. buy 1 -7 , Michigan to win buy 2 points take +3
If only someone had twisted their ankle & 1st alternate #Tebow got the call, he probably would have saved the Pro Bowl.
SO Ready For Late Night Tonight.. Especially After What Just Happened . Good Distracter :)
so aruba then? K great!
Try our Social Strategies. We integrate New Media and deliver results!
Was there even ANY contact? Far less than Ray Rice/Gary Brackett last week.
Running to peckham really quickly I need food.
Why do I like this spanish song so much? I'm not a beaner! I'm not a dirty beaner!
Reggie Evans is my favorite Clipper.
Looking up sources on academic women and writing for next week's #femlead chat makes me think I should dig deeper into this.
Finished a mix for the song Tilt by Sometimes Sweetness. Looking forward to mixing The Paper Trail's live at The Elbo Room (Chicago).
but is it "all the way live"?
Its another Wednesday morning but tomorrow is fall break so I'm happy bout that!
(In my best Pinky voice) So, what do you want to do today, Brain??
Shhhhh You! Its GENIUS!x
Opportunity seems to have an uncanny habit of favoring those who have paid the price of years of preparation. -Unknown Author
It tastes nothing like your delicious Kellis Cuppy Cakes :-)
Rise and shine early to get ready for playoff football. #GodBless but still laughing at the haters at home playing golf already!!
thanks for inspiring me to try an live my dream and act these quotes help me every day!<3 please follow it would make my day(:
I read your blog. I know your heathen ways.
where are you headed?
Happy Halloween From All of us at SenSpa!
Oh shit it's not my twitter.
If you knew the way my older brothers treated me you'd be happy that I'm confined to the internet.
Thank you, , for following :)
You text back an hour later,, so i'll text back an hour later.. works like that sometimes lol.
wahh no :( fine then abby good luck getting believe tickets by yourself.
“: if u guys were on #idol.... i would go nuts!!! that would be awesome” would <3 to perform on
hmm. didnt know my ex still had my number. lol
that sounds terrible. I remember when Jameson shots were a trend.
And the winner of the Efromyson Award for Excellence in Cultural Tourism Development is... ! Woohoo!
your players are (jfb-ed)
Harvey's Restaurant and Bar on Castro St for dinner?
#Warm-up: Leg Swings. Stand parallel to your support on left leg, swing right leg straight out in front, then back. Repeat 10x per leg.
Just picked up a house. Not with my muscles but with our customer service quality.
And I never heard back from you on the benzo loan after your cat's suggestion.
You're false.
I LIKE YOUR
#4500 goes to
scifi is more realistic than we think, we might even live to see it. Everything is accelerated
guarantee Mizzou is getting a foul called on them here...
I like bootyhole.
Food labels silent on ‘meat glue’ Binding agents may violate religious, vegetarian practices. This issue is similiar to pink slim!
Anit too many like me left!!!!!
“: ordered 100 pretzels today from for our OktoberFest event tonight! cc/ ” thanks SEP!
Huh??? “: I ain't gay. I'm just saying....if Omarion shaved his mustache I'd fuck.”
It's Miller Time!
@ jonathanemartin #creativity is the key to success in the future
Hey hun, thanks for the #Toronto Love! Looking forward to connecting.
thank u
RT Now getting ready for dinner with and , with drinks with to follow. Xoxo
We currently dont have an international release date scheduled but expect to have news on this soon. Thanks.
A friend has a unique story & believe Ryan would be the best person who can bring it to life in either a feature film or TV :)
hey was their sicence homework?
I fukks with
I'm lookin' California...but feelin' Minnesota
Yesterday we just children..playing solders just pretending...in backyards winning battles with wooden swords..
Look at the spam email subjects: "My boyfriend left me. I am acqueline Santiago" LOL
you're to kind :)
u better call J.G. Wentworth! 😂😂"It's my money and I need it NOW!!!"
haha! Maybe I understand
Barracks row! W/ B^2! Meeting
“If you work really hard and you’re kind, amazing things will happen.”
17th, works man. Shoot me an email, with pic,bio,
Needs to be a social media site for people who can't sleep.
Those three laughs that every music artist feels the need to do -_-
Ugh he needs to text me
Bears holding on to pre-markets. Indicators for negative open....Like this, yesterday. Reversed before open w/up day...
Watching Daddy's Little Girl.
Interview with the Social Vampire.
#wcphilly How to promote your blog posts: Keep stats regarding who links to you, what posts make money, etc.
i promise.... that was the tired speaking....
My reality today: I've never had it so good. Can't wait to be in NYC cooking. And playing of course
Well that was unexpected.
Kiss her on the neck and tell her everything is great!
New #favorite #album: Arrow, by #HeartlessBastards, which I've owned for about 45 minutes.
thanks man.
it's not just you- #googledocs won't load for me either
your not! And yup
Annoyed To The Max!!!!!!!
I just thank God for letting me play that last game with you
Yup I do.lol
WHY DID I NEVER SEE THIS??? Omg so awesome!
YEAH That's my girl!!! You deserved it! totally voted for you =]
Reminder: You can sign up for our super secret mission mailing list on our website: HoustonFlashmob.com
Ring The Bell Radio will be moving to Thursday Nights. More info to come
Thanks for mention! Have a good day!
microbes are
Y yes I do Hav an attitude problem if you have a problem with it its your problem not mine <3 =)
It's almost gametime! It's now GAMEDAY!
all day baking away!..new flavor (carrot/cheese/tomato) along with the crowd favorite (pnut butter) will be given at the dog paw park event
The best part of a trip is waking up at 5AM
“: For me, it's my Pokemon cards! I'm set forever.” gotta catch em all!!
"The opponents of action are out of excuses" - POTUS is getting some great one-liners in tonight.
well said.
rock it tonight buddy!
I seem to be unable to direct message you on twitter... Can you send us email at ? THANKS!!!
Interviewed earlier today by regarding WI "Castle Doctrine" law. Stay tuned for 10PM news and we'll see how it turned out.
When will someone offer an amendment applying a user fee to those who propose marriage at stadium with Jumbotron assistance?
Niggas be hatin' on my Pierce The Veil shirt. Dey wont sqaure up doe.
Today was a good day. I love spending time with my all my seniors.only have a short amount of time where we can still even hold that title.
Same for Graywolf. RT : A4: My internship at Milkweed was my entree into publishing.
OH! Lol! ;) Yes, definitely! That would be so awesome if you could meet him & write a piece on it! Keep us posted.
Covering Mother's Day, Father's Day & Anniversary all for $6? Smart shopping! ; )
damn lie.
"says when life brings ya down, get up, punch it in the face, and yell �I�m Chuck Norris!!�"
Being greedy never pays....I'll stop sending them your way!
I'm stranded at my house without a car. Who wants to bring me a salad? <3
You was talkin sh#t...Until we were face2face....
Sounds great. I'll probably be down in the restaurant/bar. If you can't find me, tweet at me.
YES !! it really has ...but i knw we both just been doin our own thang so its understandable
that's what best friends are for! Even if we aren't always together, I can still help keep you sane 💗
My friends are the greatest.
sounds good
watching the video of zayn dancing for the 947698347698th time..... GOD DAMMIT MALIK, WHY ARE YOU SO HOT.
If I didn't have a cell phone, I would get so many more hours of sleep. 🌙💤
Thanks for the #FF mention!
When you're not having a good day but when the simplest thing is done by someone special, that one happy moment makes up for that bad day
I think dark chocolate is my favorite thing on this earth 😍
Really? Wow.
Y U MAD LAMO!!
Looking forward to seeing you ! Excited to hear about your life as a dad. We'll have to share baby pics. :-)
Happy Monday! Have you submitted your film today?
What's SK? I'm doing okay. Juggling my time trying to look for a job and writing articles for a website. It's all good. Haha.
After #TriciaRose #socialjustice talk, told bullshitting #panhandler claiming to be #transit worker sarcastic "good luck!"
When my dad tells me I can't cook Bacon -.- that's why he's crusty.
*dies of happiness* RT : it's not much but here, It's from the Pacific(: ..... ⚓
I feel like I have neglected twitter today. :(
#Goodmorning early birds. It's Friday let's do what we got to do then let's drink!
I just remembered I PASSED THE FCAT!!!!
Follow Me If You Want To Live... night
#ItsABadDayWhen You ask your #Girlfriend to give you a #BlowJob and she responds
I want to see such meaningless phrasing banned from the English language myself.
Looking at peer institution English Major degree requirements.
You may be seeing it right, but the officiating still sucks. Progressively worse over past decade for some reason.
is it me
thanks for invite last nights mixer in Danville. Suzy n I enjoyed meeting potential candidates..see you 9/16 Palo Alto mixer!
Haha! Any war wounds? I wasn't able to take stairs for 4 days when I ran #toughmudder!
Working on Saturday is hard to do, but hard work can bring some money that's new.
“If migrants are seen as good enough to work, then why aren’t they good enough to stay?”
Fish tacos with the girls... then were watching Brides Maids! ...no, wait...I'm not doing any of that... and who are "the Girls"!?! -V
Open kitchen living rooms are so beautiful- and nice way to flow the scent through the house!
RT : At home students are unsatisfied w/an iPad v.1, says Nivi, in the classroom paper/pencil is supposed to satisfy
So y'all still want to compare Michael Jordan with Kobe and Lebron..
refinanceloan: HMDA revisited: the date is fast approaching for release of Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data for 20
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-47
Interested in Affiliate Marketing in the healthcare category for children? Check out our website for more info on our award-winning program.
do you have a preference for how to order boards and what to make as the cover image?
Just figured that my Fischer Vacuum Pro tennis racket (still in use!) is turning 20 this year! Michael Stich won Wimbledon with it 1990!
Yes, I'm that guy mixing Johnnie Walker Blue and Diet Coke.
- you - send me some pics :)
Does anyone ever wanna punch in the face as hard as I wanna on a hourly basis?
Chillin.. It's hot in ur room ... Blah haha or just bcause I'm here?
Tonight was a fun going away party but more excited for tomorrow.
As you have no ramantiki, you're not ideal, but I love you! Just because you are:)
If I ever own anything of value, I'm hiring Mike Smith to protect it.
lololol I'm having fun with this
Global Positioning Systems (GPS) conceived in the 1970s were fully tested as the result of the First Gulf War.
Riverwest Pub Crawl in progress! Run, walk, or crawl to Bliffert Hardware for plinko and free beer!
Woo hoo! Cute dress!
Love that!
Early May! I'm so excited.
wear a coat to work year round! that's the lesson we've learned :-/
meet & JazzyDalia & - Tom played guitar on the single I've been pushing...
i owned on halo 3 HAHAHAHA
Can't wait for the matches today!!! Barcelona/Real Madrid :lets go real madrid and Arsenal/Chelsea : let's go gunners!
"are you playing words with friends?" "no." "do you want to?"
Seeking (2) physical & (1) occupational therapist to work with geriatric patients in central oh
iPads impact at Faculty Connect - score: people w/iPads = 60%; pen & paper = 40%; laptops = 0. Different kind of digital devide.
im cryi bought UPN somewhere else cause the 1st day it came out in Canada it wasnt in Walmart. the copy i bought didnt have cards
will you please tweet us who wins outstanding wrestler?
We are!!!! Boys are doing great!
Well, I do know the 50 states because of it!
Hm. For some reason I can't get access to my DMs from the cli.
I figured it was auto correct or astrology, thanks :)
follow me :)
Signing off... until next month
This Sat we'll be vending the Dragoons Car Club Nite of the Hot Rods at Riverview Lodge, Antioch, CA 4-11pm. See you there!
Did some shopping today at Macys. The store was not too crowded
“ major league do major things let them bitches do hater things . #rich”
North Texas' Chelsea Hermes wins both the high jump and shot put in the women's hep to take an early lead in the competition.
Red wine & dark chocolate are such a good way to end the day...you agree, Miss ?
Merry Holidays y'all! Butter!
are u guys stoping in west virginia? If so when and where?
This is Zoies friend Tasha. I just wanted to let u know I'm amazing!!! Ya ur jello I know!! Love u! Peace out!
How can I love you if you won’t lie down?
Would it make you jealous if I said I met Slim Aarons several times? Wow, never thought I'd get to drop that name.
#ThatAwesomeMoment When you thought Jordan Jefferson sucked and then he finishes dead last 315/315 at the NFL combine.
one of the sweetest tweets to me...thanks!!!
Tomorrow is the best time to get those projects done you have been putting off. Share what that is for you then get it done.
Died and went to heaven in the Thank you Debbie for all your help.
Dear #msnbc and advertisers, When you put Ron Christie on your air, I CHANGE THE CHANNEL.
The best b-day present ever would be to have or notice me! <21
LP Thursday! Come listen to records all day or bring your own. Happy hour 4-7pm, wine tasting all day-4 wines for $14. All CA wines. Enjoy
#IfIRuledTheWorld I'd still need to get Grover Norquist's approval for all decisions.
Baited RT : You need to read the comments thread from my Q&A at The Daily Gopher. Holy fuck. I either got baited
I love your tweets! Very refreshing...
That's just weird. Cool, but weird.
The Hollywood arsonist needs to be captured and BBQ'd
If you want good music, you need to follow
It was good to see ya! Thanks for coming
i fall in love with you a little more every day. ♥
dear future, what do you hold?
I gotta make sure my 100th instagram picture is epic. Maybe I should take a picture of my dick...
its on my computer and happens to envolve you two lol
Good night everyone,.... sweet dreams
hahh hilarious and true!
Did you know that you can have 90% blockage in your atreries and have no signs or symptoms? Hmm.
Hmm... another "more GIS than web" mapping talk at #httq. Interesting to see how "web mapping" fits in this talk.
u don't even know my bday
i just might be the first person to do a major paper entirely on their iPhone while at work
June 12th my birthday. ima cop that RT : MY EP "1991" WILL BE RELEASED DIGITALLY ON MAY 29th and PHYSICALLY ON JUNE 12th!
I just got butter flies over a boy!
Welcome to Dallas where a BC alum was just elected mayor!
The money bag is on 5th st in queens! Join @ nychunt.com if you know the location!
wow, thank you! so i guess we better "bring it" next time!
Whoops. I had my glasses on damn it. it's The Hour U First BELIEVED !!
thanks for spreading the joy
Lmao ^.^ RT Got a kiss in the wain from on Thursday! :D lol ♥”
My number is 0014
Anyone want to take bets on how much work I'm getting done today?
Interesting. Are they official accounts?
thank you for sharing the info!
Stopped for a water break with 21 minutes left in the first half. Game is scoreless
Nah, it's not anymore!! :)
Adub fan trivia: win a shoutout! 1st to answer correctly gets one. Q: what's 's dog's name?
just reminding you that I love you and your amazing!!!
oh my grande-butera, i know right?! oh i wish i can have her perfect voice! She can hit ANY note!! she's so talented♥♥
I'll take that back . Prod clearly enjoyed that . Him & Roc gone be talking bout this for years !
Did you know we're collecting lightly used purses 4 #Help4Hygiene? Yes, donate 2 a need Ask how!
Way too many have mentally chosen not to leave. RT Sometimes...I just want to slap the high school out of people.
you're a whore, and I don't want you in my life anymore.
I love how pokemon white is constantly sold out but black is on the shelves in surplus...
Excited to be live-tweeting 2night's #SOTU with ! Let us know what you want to hear about
Thx for the #follow Follow my friends - they
C'mon JetBlue was the original go to example of companies doing good things in social.
loving We are Young playing by on also voted for Some nights for #badass :)
Walked out on #JoyfulNoise last night. Predictable plot and very bad acting. #Fail Felt like a Tyler Perry version #Glee Don't waste your $
Difference between school & life: In school, youre taught a lesson then given a test. In life, youre given a test that teaches you a lesson.
Dear Churches chicken okra, Thanks for teaching me how to drive standard with one hand & thanks again for being so damn delicious!
www.facebook.com/teamtwilightuk
good luck Timmy! So much amazingness surrounds you right now!
I want to be a hot model like the ones from victoria secret! *dreams* and be filthy rich 💁💰💰💰💰💰💰
my dogs name is bella too :)
we sure do- across from hot topic! there's also a JT shoes across from the cafe du monde
I wanted to talk to you after your show at the Roxy last week but couldn't find you. It was good seeing you boys again though!
Love Chris' bk too (he knows!) Should be required reading
Pedicure for me :)
Excellent, thanks!
friend of hers owns The Hub.
6pm tonight , Lyles Center, we will be screening "Something Ventured." Food and drinks will be provided. Come hungry, leave full & inspired
the round red fox jumped under the lazy dog.
Enjoying The Hoodoo Gurus' amazing STONEAGE ROMEOS album for the millionth time. Never get tired of that one! Every song's a hit!
whatever race had the most zeros. 93-97
Last soccer game. #wishmeluck Hangout after? Alright!(: Well ill be home at 9:30 with scores.
Gonna be behind the bar all day tomorrow at . Even if you want to, like, nurse a beer & compliment my outfit or whatever, it's cool
Where's my bikini body? I ordered it like 6 months ago..
Errands and gym later :)
Astonishing how fast your view of the world constricts once you give up the pursuit of knowledge. Keep your mind open. Never stop learning.
Flemings burger is way better than JJs. Couldn't pass that up.
Please lord let my basement be dry
I can always count on you for ideas! There are certainly a lot of bingo cards to choose from on the internets.
Gold on the Ceiling
#tbj have to go with the truth just on the basis of him doing it for so long and he also has a post game love harden though
3 runs then hold them, please!
awesome please do!!!!
Thank you for all who joined us for day 1 of "The New African Democracy" We will meet again tomorrow morning at 9am
Clashes reported in #Bahrain between security forces and protester today.
You know it!
"#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb" hey haters, would you like a side of fries with that large order of bullshit?? lol
sick of living here
Watching snl reruns on netflix and I think Jason Sudeikis is cute. I have a thing for funny guys...or had I should say lol
NAEA Museum Ed Div embarks on the creation of a national research agenda to articulate the value of art museums for learning.
Just got out of #HungerGames. No one told me that it's essentially a violent remake of "Coal Miner's Daughter."
will be back soon!
#foodcon for the win. Good food drinks art and air.
It's the great American conundrum. Why are the Kardashians still famous?
I retweet a lot, sorry.
I'm so Hyper today! :))
": Guess I got my swagga back!! #coachellalive"
Bo got tender!
Rock Chalk .... or something like that ...
i'm shooting a music video for "shot's fired" this saturday afternoon.
ok im gong back to class now
since when i hate:/
Tattooers/painters should I get an iPad?
Having a garge sale pretty slow
Thanks for the follow. Have a blessed night.
Super mother's day services going on at at 9 & 10:30 this morning! Come on out.
so excited, sleepover with hayley on Monday?
Harry Nilsson springy Sunday
perfect day in #ATX - so glad I can enjoy it AND do some creative work for clients.
Hope everyone enjoys the beautiful weather outside. Have a great weekend everyone!
#GamerPickupLines They don't call me the Tomb Raider for nothing ;)
Most of the people are leaving today from LoveVoodoo, but I am staying thru Wednesday! woo hoo
RT I love SF drafting LaMichael James as he will bring to their offense what Darren Sproles brought to SD & NO.
wait are you calling yourself a jackwagon? Lol
It doesn't seem like any artistic compromises were made on LaMontagne's part. Gotta get paid, no?
can't wait to watch him make history again. Going to miss him in Rio though.
call me
Isn't that the truth!! :) Love it!
i almost went there for dinner tonight!
I'm gonna name my child sheik yabooty.
I would sooner read a timetable or a catalogue than nothing at all.
The chips and soda underneath really cap off the shot
Did you like that? Christine is the most fabulous photographer/designer/creative genius. She does everything for Cristo Rey Jesuit!
One thing I will never understand-begging a celebrity for a retweet. Is their acknowledgement of your existence that important?
Megan Fox pregnant: ‘Transformers’ star having her first baby, reports say
I didn't have to, did.
Traffic is so bad that I am able to tweet. It's not like I'm actually driving or anything.
amazing so ballzy to to wait hand gesture than can a 3. He & Mugsy were legit.
Just saw video from Indiana state fair :( </3 so sad
You know it's been a bad day when he says he needs to take out his frustrations on the woodpile.
The Silent Assassin Brandon Roy, one of the NBA's best change of pace and clutchest player's is retiring! A very big loss for the game!
that is great!
that was hurtful
closing the "Dan" chapter of my life. it's been fun but i gotta let you go and do me
Super excited to spin at the #NightHeist party tonight. It's going to be a night to remember
Thanks im very grateful
The Bridesmaids cast is hilarious!
can't wait to see what you learn! #gdgtChicago thanks for stopping by
I've been told.
hey right back at you! :)
Nothing more relaxing that watching the waves! Which beach are you at?
Tonight! Greg and the Groovemakers perform for a fitness benefit concert at the Cultural Center! Everyone is welcome to join in the...
waking up with a big, wide yawn. bet you can think of something to stuff in my pretty mouth besides breakfast, huh big guy? cum on then!
: too many negs to keep. bloat like u said. 2 app pages of crap. cal app widget non existent.
is everything ok
: team on today tune in now xo
is the best. <3 your tweets ;]
Name that cute little Dog "Precious". KLG or Hoda called it that yesterday.
“A comfortable old age is the reward of a well-spent youth.....”
You're right. I had two today, two tomorrow.
Good call!
YES. WANT THE LINK?
My boy bought his chick over yesterday she say josh yo kick game serious I say them my old shoes
He's our great person of everyday here!
Strategize this week! Monday's are professional days of new beginnings. Today can make of break your week! Plan it with success in mind!
I am at a lawyers dinner with what has to be one of the pastiest men in America and Great Britain. True story.
Wondering is he thinking about me
Interesting...": Mediator overrules MLB, orders Stanley Gold/Disney family reinstated to #Dodgers bidding.”
is packing for WWDC and Shanghai.
Easter in the always seems to deliver. Needed win though. Just keep punching.
I was thinking and
I switched to stevia months ago. Tastes better than many sweeteners & doesn't give me headache like aspartame.
#Charlotte peeps: watch WJZY Ch. 8 this evening at 10:35PM. I'll be talking about how the North romanticized the South.
Aye Batman Robbin needz your help I herd hez trapped in minor league football
Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored
And god knows if I even still have it… I gave away so many, I'm not even sure if I'd ripped them all.
Happy New Year!
Thanks for the #FF!
thanks for the tip!
Crosby just broke his stick over voracek's leg. Uhh no slashing call
There was WAY too many people in Cheesecake Factory today!
I'm sorry... Its just that there's tornadoes touching down.
Michael is so full of himself. Lets just jump him already please?
If lebron don't game us 4 game then I will never be a fan or his
Terminal cancer <<<< knowing some of my great friends are leaving me in like 8 school days.
Amazing!!:) RT Boys & girls get into LOVE because of misunderstanding, And break up when they understand each other.
Beginning post-production on a campaign for !
Springfest was a success. 6 freshmen went to the hospital, a couple arrested, a trashed campus ... but I think it went well.
aw. i miss porch time too!
Quebec City can have them. Let them deal with this shit
hey gurlyy how are you??
Yay ! My mom made tamales :D
So two minutes ago.
Wow. Did not know that.
New song is sounding nice guys! Keep it up with the follows and the likes, we really are thankful!
you is ah-mazing son!!! I love you!!!
Just finished our interview on Forward with !! Thanks for having us on and being a great host!
Politico hed failure: "Hollande Sauce a Losing Recipe?" I'd have said, "Hollande Days Source of Speculation"
It does get easier Melissa! Trust me. Today I ran for about 2 out of the 3 needed miles straight. It works.
Mo. lawmaker says he is gay, denounces school bill
oh hush .___,. you're the pretty one, diana c:
“: JFK=>LAX=>HST. Hell yeah.” Are those penises?
Hope is both the earliest and the most indispensable virtue inherent in the state of being alive
Exhausting weekend..
THINGS NEEDED: wine, nail re-fill, hair cut, pedicure, Popeyes chicken, a million dollars, family, friends, blessings, Jesus,
woohoo I'm excited for you..have a blast!!! Hope you see Joe :)
Enjoying a burger and supporting at the same time what a combo!
So much to do today before my flight leaves... 3 Circuses. 15 days.
Spending Valentines day with my best friend #loveher ❤
Right now I like to think is sitting in his office listening to The Gambler. Definitely went all in
Individuals of a particular age should not say & do such #stupid things. Is this what your teaching you're kids!
Im down as always!
wes gave me a bunch of them in the beginning of the season so I just gave the rest of the tickets to him. So he's got them all
LOL too funny! : that's a bet brother ... And trust me will earn it, and when she does exclusive to you.
you smell funnier than you look.. Some sort of body spray would be a worthy investment? I know, I'm gonna give you a bear
I hope that all of you have taken time to thank your wives and mothers for all that they do - I am certainly grateful for my wife and mom..…
Hope #NYR get the #Flyers in the playoffs, current score over the course of the season is 23 - 8.
after yesterday's wkout.. i cant get out of bed
D-Wade is a bitch idc what neone says
how true..
where are you this year? No Q for you?
bro u inspire me, both to grow asan artist, & taller. Aha!
Wow! Made it on the 5pm deadline! lol. I am loving sticking to my new plan and definitely not stressing out.:) Enjoy your evening, din time!
Jump-off's are seldom asked to jump the broom!
Retweet if u want a shoutout!
R u doing OK? sucker punches to the heart hurt too much. RT : I will take anything but another sucker punch from...
Hey All...if you have Spotify...my music is now on Spotify...too many sites for me to keep up with but I'm glad the music is out there.
I like a guy who takes initiative  its kind of a #TurnOn 
if beauty is a flower, you would be the whole garden :).
FUCK YALL NOT YU I MEAN ALL OF YAL!!!!!! N MI NIG VOICE N ITS
Laying out at 524 with >>> class
#RobertsGirl (; your blowing up my phone with your RT's!
Kinda but one more hot tea and ill feel better xD
Every time one of my co-workers refers to one of my ex co-workers, he always calls her "the girl with the nice titties." Every. Time. (sigh)
There are 3 people in front of my house yelling vulgar things and hitting eachother.
aha. I thought of you while tweeting that. Has it ever been warmer at MSP than the Lee County ballpark?
School is over! Time for football.
Oh em gee!! You're Hannah in Sleepover with ! 😝
Yr welcome! “: Thanks to for setting up the tour…Great presentation on sense-making in the present.”
Two days til our next show of Veronica's Room. It's really an awesome show. Special Discount Tix through our FB page for Sun performance.
Santorum complains about BO "pitting one group against another" after vowing to void 150,000 gay marriages
So glad this kid is finally wearing a helmet on the crotchrocket. His face is far too pretty to be splattered on the pavement.
Scalia is owned by Corps and& Koch Bros won't support #HCR as it costs Ins. Co. $ & they will pay him.
Sarah Palin had dinner with Donald Trump in NY. First thing she did when she walked into the restaurant was shoot the squirrel off his head.
thanks man!
Life is really mysterious you can never tell what's going to happen until you get there...
maybe next game lol....still love them!
what? I don't know! I'm not on! But ill have a computer soon! Miss you too:( but dude did you notice his accents gone?!
woah. bad dream.
About to check out how Reuters journalists use social media to uncover today's stories. Should be interesting.
Happy (belated) birthday to Pete Hernandez! Anyone else have a birthday coming up?
Your on my list
Realize the possibilities and potential are within, waiting.
the whole reason I like sleep- escape reality
Suddenly I want Brussels sprouts. Steamed with a little butter and lemon juice.
good friendship always create a good relationship.
thank you, stoked that you like it!
Win a VIP TABLE for Paradise Visuals AEE Party w/Ron Jeremy TONIGHT in .Follow & RT!
At Menlo Grill for lunch. Possibly the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had...
Ten’s favorite quote: Mark Twain on Wagner’s music: It’s not as bad as it sounds
Congrats! Jefferson District Champions! Boys Basketball.
Wine and sushi with my 3 valentines
what do you expect we're on fire!!!
Paul E. Gray~ The most important outcome of education is to help students become independent of formal education.
you got it!
lol you ate too funny.
SBD readers: interested to hear feedback on the new "Tweet Pic" feature in MB & CB.
Screen press manufacturer, M&R, broke a world record. Printed 1909 prints in 1 hour with 1 press operator! Great job guys!
Waiting for to get home, I misses talking to her!
what was your topic?
Are you serious with that press conference outfit, Russell Westbrook? As Kevin Durant would say, "Man, that's messed up."
#SinceWeBeingHonest I just had to run out of Hunger Games for a min cuz tears was comin!! Oh man, that was heartfelt!
