Clues in previous email. Official announcement by the "authorities" on may 13. “: David who was inducted?”
Music is there for me when no one else is
I haven't spoken to #oomf since last semester. I guess I was under the false impression that we were cooler than that.
So... The Avengers was... Okayy. Took a bit to get the ball rolling. I give it 4/5 stars. If it wasn't for the humor, I would've given it 3½
If you interviewed on January 11, 18, 23, and 25 2012, you will receive an admission decision by Friday, February 3, 2012!!
Anyone have experience with American Express cards? Recommendations?
Is hiring more guidance counselors to stop the bullying - the only answer? No, you say!:) OK, what then?
Now if he only could get his "ground rules" in order lmao!
I love it! Another fact: average spending per visitor is $129.38 - more than 2X the national average
Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life. ~ George Bernard Shaw
I will volunteer for the job! But we will wait until after she presents before we perform the sacrifice.
Do women hold off on texting or calling back guys to not seem overeager, or is that distinctly a male strategy?
you don't get to know
Cool! I really like Reaper.
Hey Somaya! It's been a long time yo! I see u working hard! Good seeing u making it happen no matter what!
Septa is pissing me off!
That line was from "Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins".
How did you celebrate Mothers Day??
Voicethread seems very promisng 2 solicit non-literate responses to digtl products (prticlrly those about primarily oral peeps)
I can't believe Florida State #seminoles are loosing! I have them winning the whole thing... #MarchMadness is stressful!
It's in there, it's a hyper link. Please email me offline if you have questions.
I remember those days, when me and my friends had simple ways.
I'll see if I can rally the troops!
luvin my team!!!makin major moves
Christmas Vacation..
Hating my life right now. Screw you AP Gov...
Check us out on instagram!!! @ 4thquartercomeback !!!
Chillin like a villian...random;3 Listening to a mix of my BVB cd playing(Smoke&Mirrors is on),and Bodies by Drowning Pool which is on UTube
Hanging with a rad group of people at the moment, writing session lataaaaa
That's what I'm talking about, work next to a Tequila bar lol
Sick :'( back to sleep after I eat this chicken and rice
Can't get information because of the #SOPA blackout? Try your local #library!
hey :D<3
The lakers are THE WORST @ tansitioning to defense! Sprint to the paint then stop the ball idiots!
enjoy Ryan!!
Apparently in the end, it doesn't even matter.
retweeting me talking to about retweeting. Now that is impressive.
Mckays is stupid
I'm just a pain magnet aren't I ? (; First I trip in P.E and land on my face .. Then I almost get hit by a ball . 0.o
Stay independent, Scott, and keep up the good work.
Sorry to be a bit MIA lately...seems I have my hands full. Be back soon tweeties...xoxo
The "Intro to Backyard Bee Guardianship" Is about to start! #FREE #Workshop at Paradigm Gardens #Madison #WI. starts at 10am
Great prices on #embroidered apparel and #printed tees - market your business, look professional, sell MORE! #SouthFlorida. Call 8772449913
RT : A2: Sales & Executives often drive the SOW, Negotiations, etc...contract handed to PM. Need PMs/BAs involved up front
leader of the pack
So we decided to pack before we take off on dis paper Plane
So it looks like everybody's pregos again. Dam people we are about to be china
Fuck it! I knew it! Strange how ugly you feel when someone's else made you feel ugly.
Cures for caffeine addiction and improving sleep include eating better, exercising more, and going to bed earlier. I advocate cat naps.
Just landed in Orlando and excited for Mashable Connect!
Plain & simple: If you have to ask whether it's ethical or not, the answer is "no"
seriously...what a waste of fan $ #afraud needs to step up.
am I gonna have to make the right country album?
feel better :)
i haven't read that one. guess i won't!
uh oh...might have 2 convince wifey now
There's a dog in that f...in stroller
I'll just go to my corner then..
Apparently wearing sunglasses is a crime now ?
yeah. Everyone needs to use faces! ;p lmao
Happy Birthday to Scratched Up Sponsor and friend Dicky Wang from Million Monkey Clothing
I'd hate to see what kind of bird "boneless wings" come from.
Hey remember when I thought dilemma had an N in it like dilemna?
Fuck not getting paid today! :(
they actually make something like that...
if Fifty Shades of Grey had pictures, it would be my Thursdays.
hahhha wait dont u have my number though??
how are you? i hope fine :) i love you
Thanks, Alice! “: Shout out to ! #thankateacher #StantonES”
I knew you wouldn't be happy with that haha but don't worry, no one can see it unless they follow both of us (Shannon, Kyle)
As a mother I understand how you feel about Brianna's choice to elope. She seems really happy. Good luck to your family.
The best part is the awkward non music celebs that try to dance in the audience. No rhythm, but have to dance so I don't stand out.
Deserving, hoping and fairness have never created a single JOB
I MISS WHEN I USE TO LIVE IN MIAMI LAKES
Am in need, let give u wht got to offer u
thx. i'll check it out
women's key. far less gross than the men's key.
Sacha and Brooke have been best friends since they were 6 & they are still going strong. Now that is a true friendship.
can I get some followers for my homeboy c walden. He's new to the twitter scene.
i will when i see your bitch ass
Tornado drills across Indiana today, just heard sirens and thought it was 11am on Friday.
Thank you for reading, hope you like it :-)
Thanks for sharing! I, for one, could definitely use this advice!
IM FIT TO START BEING EXTRA PETTY!!
RT : ‘Space is the breath of art.’ ~Frank Lloyd Wright' // And I just pitched our Airstream to NASA!
hooray! I have a few hockey friends in UK - ill make same offer to u... If u want any Sox stuff (shirt, hat, etc) let me know
it's totally your new favorite song, isn't it? I know and love it too.
chilling with a beer before I pack for Vegas
I'm on News Saturday tomorrow. I'm previewing my tornado story along side as we talk about the partnership w/
DAMN ! There Shouldnt Be A Following Limit
Such as: SLICES OF FLESH a flash fiction anthology - proceeds to charity.
who's your daddy ? -YOU'RE MY DADDY , PULL MY HAIR !! ' ctfu insider ^__^
RT : Just filled out my ballot for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Don't forget to vote!
yes very.
There's always two sides to every story....the thing is whos to know which is the truth
More showers and storms tonight? Details on 10TV News in under an hour!
I'm getting a tattoo. OMG MAKE THEM! "Sh*tty Mom" in one of those heart things. Do it, girls.
you're welcome! Most articles don't get into actual details, they just make suggestions. Thanks for sharing!
Damn my internet is finally back. Had to pay for this shit. aha. Was so lost why it wasnt working. Finally finished my cake today. Aha
We're back after the news break with local issues & political discussion. Send in your thoughts during the break:
Hi Randy. I am looking to recommend you to the management company I am working for. What web site should I send them to?
week 3? A card is just right. Maybe add something like a few really nice chocolates. Maybe make the card, if you're crafty.
TUESDAY - Back from New Orleans and ready to fight crime.
Amazing! Can't wait to see these.
What other club can make a statue come to life and win a match, none but #theArsenal!
no im nt older bt me as a WOMAN wouldnt take u serious
Keep going !
Pretty sure I got a 5
Go #TeamLibra RT : Very true! Am part Libra.
Yeah. I just hope they do it right. Don't want one of my favorite movies to be ruined.
Today's pet peeve - discovered a mysterious & painful slice on my thumb
y'all need to be doin work. Lol
Special shake shout to the midtown floor manager who let me replace my bitter lemonade. She was all the sweetness it needed.
nice! yeah I would totally be there but I've got a busy busy night ahead of me tonight.
if your gonna fuck with my feelings, expect to get yours fucked with worse.
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 11
RT : Twitter upgraded its Search algorithm in the last couple weeks that has dramatically improved its People Search tool.
Nothing wrong w/ a #change of scene.
Big ups!! 2 4 his Oscar & T.J. Martin 4 being the 1st African American Director to win as well.
Already #over #pinterest and #instagram. Maybe I should just read a #book... Feel so lame w/o
trust I don't need anymore give it to an A-cup in need
Great picnic, Great host, can't wait til next year.
no it doesn't
Jason Mraz-On Love, In Sadness.
RT : Gavin Smith sits 2 to my L bounty tourney & announces, "Let's gamble!" Should be a fun night...
Just hit the blunt one time and see if it don't change your perception on whats important in your life.
cause there are too many losers on twitter!
Twitter test 2
Wow. How many do you have left??!? :)
bye sissy ); miss u already <3
Roy Orbison looks like Doug McKenzie with a horrible, black wig and gas station sunglasses.
Burnt my finger on my hot glue gun :(
EPA to weigh rules on fracking-chemical disclosure The Environmental Protection Agency said Wednesday that it would weigh rules requiring
he showed AJ and started rambling about how bad I was and didn't know what I was doing. said id show if he would stfu he agreed
Is photographing the most spectacular penthouse I have ever seen...and that's saying something!
will forever be my all time favorite wrestler along with Two of the greatest performers in the industry.
: And #happybirthday to Thanks. So far so good.
what does it have to do with?
BLACK FRIDAY SALE! Use coupon blackfriday10 to get 10% off any purchase. Buy 2 or more items & I will refund an additional 5% thru paypal!
Talking about tracking users and letting them report on their purchases to their friends for marketing.
everything is great! How have you been?
In shitty music hell! RT : don't hate on the Biebs man! Let the little dude cook!
I'll bring u a coffee naked as long as you bring me roscoe's chicken and waffles! Deal? Deal. You can just wear a clown nose.
Tweet Tweet Tweet Tweet! #LOL #I'mbored
i follow now.
Its cold outside yall, come get you some real Cajun Gumbo to warm up!
Watch any of her videos, not exactly heavy on the feminism.
I'm excited for prom no lie
Love is a scary thought, but it's something we must face one day
#Seau To prevent brain injury, I'd never let my sons play football. #OnFurtherThought I wonder what position Joe Biden played.
At my nana's house and the dumb stupid people are here :( damn I just hate em so much They're so stupid so nasty so blaaghhhh pleas go away
I'm impressed. The only thing I generate is static electricity.
sorry to keep bugging you, but have client that I need to get back to. Is there anyone there I could talk to for 5 min?
blended learning workshop @ #vss2010 very crowded room
Did anyone notice there was a guest at Renee's party wearing a FASCINATOR?
Karaoke PSA: If you do a Michael McDonald impression for too long, your voice will get stuck that way.
its christmas eve yay my fav! listening to christmas music and baking yummy goodies! :)
so i see you've met my boyfriend, he likes to do this thing where he pretends i don't exist
Stop holding on to stagedy ends clip them please don't it doesn't look good when the hair is long and thin!
you sing so amazing i love your sound keep it up !
Thanks for not treating me the same because of something you did (: secret sides to everyone.
First tweet from Kindle Fire.
I agree, but I think thats the symenatics of the sentence structure I use.
Daily "I miss the Bruins" tweet.
what's your workout plan?? Help a brother out! Lol
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMpvieTitles 2 Can Play That Game!
your welcome :)
Shadid was a journalist's journalist, like Whitney was a singer's singer, Hitchens a writer's writer, Jobs an entrepeneur's entrepeneur...
Thank you! Have a great day.
Does anybody know of any places with karaoke in the afternoon in Kansas City?
North by KanyeWest
We have tickets available for our show with Trust Company on August 6, 2009. Please contact us on myspace or txt 717.304.9017 for tickets
2 kids got in trouble at school for kissing on the stairs it was funny!!! Haha ;)
Kinda hard to right the ship after it has hit an iceberg. Repeatedly. And is on fire. While piloted by someone blind.
Movie trending now in LA, CA : Just Go With It (live updates)
ohh okay. well, i'll make sure to buy you cookies when you do, so lemme know!
RT I'm at Club Limelite already and goin in! Ladies we drink FREE all night! Downtown Orlando, Join me!!
come have a concert in the uk!<33
Happy Bday to my bro and high school teammate
WHO KILLED J.R.? drudgesiren.gif
Vendor Negotiation. How are you going to avoid paying too much for your food?
Why do I like "The Walking Dead" so much when I hate Rick, Lori, and Carl with a passion that makes me want to see them become lunch meat?
We miss you!! How many weeks til the next episode??
This back and forth video thing is amazing! I shall call it Genius!
Hey hon! We are doing great. Busy, busy.... How about you?
Just completed my fat melt treatment for the day. And I feel great.
Im bout to catch a Real attitude Real fast ...
YES YES YES RT : Q3 I'd get rid of the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act.
S///O to & always representing the #210!!
No way turns the ball over in that situation.
You can't disappoint Nat! He's got his Doritos Locos Tacos and in life that's all that matters.
In order to avoid shit, sometimes you gotta step in it
I've already watched Season 2 and it's amazing.
My new fav Blazer, fuck the ducks (and Canzano)
My brain feels like mush after spending literally 10 hrs staring at a computer screen!!!
Its all worth it though, right? Keep grinding Ms Burress!!!! #UBADD!
View the live stream of today's press conference on #Vatican docs released, at www.andersonadvocates.com.
Well said: SEO result is the net effect of all your online marketing efforts
watching the #suns vs #celtics #nba Amare rocks!
Remember "Early in the Morning" by the Gap Band? Oh my, I am dating myself but I am jamming. LOL!
Thank you !
Yes it Is, plus a new movie being released this summer!
I really need a massage!
You saw Austin?!?!
is the costume for #GenCon all done and ready?
we're pimpin' all over the world
#highlife yesterday night.
The Putting on of Shoes, a proven mother/son trigger point, is about to begin.
Dans Flooring billboards are so creepy! What's with that naked guy?? So random
Yay! My work week is over!
Awww. Thank you, Honey. You're a cutie, btw.!! Found you courtesy of :)
So when is GitHub for Lesbians coming out?
I want to win a gift card
Good cider tastes no more like apple juice than fine wine tastes like grape juice. Expect more from your cider! Join the Cider Revolution!
Presenting to Sage Millennium customers at SCMUG today. All about community and what's next with
Blake griffin that hoe
Got admin access to my new course site today. Soon it will be time for WordPress + wassail.
I feel like im being observed under a freaking microscope
So curious to see who will be in #Indy in a few weeks! Never have been so into the playoffs.
OMG I'm FREAKING out just tweeted to me aha
Still feeling odd about things, but what are you spose to do when its 1 against 50?
A boy who has no heart gets my love, I should no better.
I didn't think it was possible, but I think beer is even more expensive at Jeld Wen than Dodger Stadium.
800+mg of a magnesium blend at bedtime for a great nights sleep. Try it!
I want pictures
bottoms up
Hopefully these next 3 weekends will be AWESOME !! Lol
GM everyone!
I've been meaning to ask you, you went to SHM and ultra, which you like more?
Big bad wolf
Haha. I gave up half way through the first page, I'm terrible... Ha.
Had an awesome session with this morning... then showed the mix on his 3rd song! :)
Working on lesson plan for second class I have to teach
lol go buy whatever u want an ill cook it
I honestly don't know how one person can be so thoughtless.
has epic
This morning's challenge: coordinating any type of interview with a source in Singapore
TOO MUCH MAKE-UP ON A FACE IS NOT SEXY!!!!
Be happy. Be who you wanna be. If others doesn't like it, then let them be. Happiness is a choice. Life isn't about pleasing everybody.
they had a great article last week about how masters athletes basically don't get weaker as they age too.
decorate your home with something new from Pear & Simple,
Italian hot and sweet sausage. Various clown shoe beers. Pretty good.
i miss you so! please open up shop in milwaukee. i'd even settle for chicago. please!!! love, a former camarillo barista
#808Pride why did god give us a heart if it was not ment to be broken so get over him cause ur
Excited for ze game tomorrow. :).
you da one in ma profile boo, i just love her too, she es special to me <3
We'd like to thank Concierge Consulting for their donation of art supplies to our #elementary #school program.
thank u for ur opinion.. Other mahomies.. Are just... Well... I keep that to myself but yeah.
$.50 off any cup of candy at Millie's if you check in on Foursquare between 7 and 10 p.m. today!
dear Justine. Please share the wealth. Kthanks.
RIP Steve.
Hi Alison. Wake up.
Goodyear Tire Swings to Loss - Wall Street Journal
The weather!!I LIKE!!! ;)
CSN you suck balls!! You made me miss the 1st quarter of the Bulls game just because you didn't want to bump the baseball game to CSN+ -_-
You just never know what demons your friends or family members may harbor. To take your own life, how sad you feel so all alone.
Strong incentive to cooperate against #Zombies, a global-counter zombie regime.
Ready to be out of school for this full week I kno I'm gonna be busy recording though
great to see Greg in the Washington Post this morning...
Damn !!!! Last time our hillbilly friends in Pittsburgh suffered such devastating losses "back 2 back" is when both Sunnys Surplus closed
Liberty Is Cheeks☹ lml
Ralph Novak~ Reading this book is like waiting for the first shoe to drop.
no your a complete liar !! ;) hehe
omg that's SO GAY
W&M Faculty Committee proposes to eliminate the GERs, cut required classes in half, cut the required credit hours by 1/3:...
u look amazing!!! I love it! So gorgeous!!!!!
I was admiring the layout of your blog. It's nice on the eyes, easy to understand. Thanks!
thank you keep up the great work.
can you scout it independent of pitching performance? who are the best?
So close to 1,000 likes. Help us get there won't please?
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. ~Pablo Picasso
If you're a politician against "big government," make it smaller - resign!
what's the app called?
#TallWomenAppreciationDay??? I just can't.
Hunt vs kongo this will be all stand up and eventually hunt will find his target and put kongo down n out by brutal KO!
Never again will I go shopping at this freakn grocery store!! Ima stick to the two I already go to.
On my way to Columbus for OPAL's ACRL stats training.
The best wedding gift? Crisp Benjamins. A nick stack. No checks or money orders. The ultimate American gift that supports freedom.
hi justin i love you y i love selena
nothin like Bell County. I think u should come down here in June&do radio show or podcast from Cracker Barrel grand opening
Live fast, die beautiful
Countdown to Arlington, Tx..........2more days
I was overwhelmed by your ass !! Hahaah.
would you like me to send another track :-)
HOW YA DOING ???? HOPE YOUR HAVING A FINE DAY =D!!!
lol its alright. I didnt know that though.
I am completely obsessed with you& #newgirl season finale just made my roommate&I cry from laughing so hard, sosad it's over
Why that face
So addicted to Boyfriend.. I seriously can't stop playing it :/
The BCB’s annual 28th Home Fair Expo home show is February 24,25,26 at the Fair & Expo Center in Henrietta, NY
Im So Freakin Happy Right Now!!
had a good night with i needed that, thanxxx <3
I think I'm the only one that whispered "yes" when I saw the WNBA promotion during the Celtics vs Sixers game
no word yet. It's hard to say when :( :(
Statement was issued before the Retraction ep aired, so that's possible. But college Pres Usher seems to have staked ground.
Wow. That happened.
We're watching College Football on big TV's! Texas Longhorns vs. Texas Tech Red Raiders 11am at Darrell K. Royal – Texas Memorial Stadium
I Zumba hard or go home lol
then you wonder why you can't keep a nigga? try getting a man. SORRY I'm straight NIGGA not gone lie.
Be sure and wear your sneakers.
EXPECT AN ALL NEW CRCLGC MUSIC VIDEO filmed by Dominic Galeano! Can't wait for the finished product. Cheers suckas!
I wanna come
I miss my boyfriend
My #FF this week is I love seeing people do good with #HealthIT!
High School Musical sing-a-long at 's house!
Wow, cool! Congratulations!
I totally agree!
thanks for the #FF mention Clifford - have a great weekend!
We're closed tomorrow for the holiday! Happy New Year from the staff here at Bonaparte!!
there doing better. Next year were good
You're welcome, Tony! Hope you're having a great weekend!
RT ": BRB = I don't want to talk to you. LOL = I have nothing else to say. Cool = I don't care..."
Toronto is a cool town, and I'm not just saying that because my parents are from there :)
I tweaked my back by turning funny while showering before opening day, it was great. To be 30.
How could you possibly have a thought I don't want to hear? I live for the drops of randomness you sprinkle on the world.
It's this nigga on the corner wearing purple thinkin he gangster .... Cant be wearing that
well done. U guys made a difference!
Brews 'n Brackets is HERE! Come into any Tavern location and get a Game Piece today! Grand Prize Las Vegas Weekend for Two! Airfare-3...
where is Mick Foley when you need him.
WE NEED TO TRACK DOWN LIAM AND DANIELLE NOW!!!
has pretty hair. :D
I'm working on it!
thanks for hanging out with us in CITYCENTRE last night! Hope you had a great time!
Audition for Jared Jewelers today, had a great time as always... Thanks !
did an amazing job mastering the music for the update for the video game Pie Collect. It will be available for download soon.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress. ~Frederick Douglass
you can easily translate the English pack to Arabic using the built-in language editor.
If i could id wear pajamas everwhere...the style police doesnt exist bc if they did they woulda stopped me by now
Skipping class with my jamaican sister for the 5th time this week
It was my first time and I went to your RD game in Frisco last september. :) It was awesome sorry you lost though.
just go hang with bums. They'll treat you good.
Hm poetry or comedy?
Promo Let Bill Boy Cutz Big Up Ur Marketing & Maximize Exposure Hit w/ Email 4 Packages | Major Buzz GUARANTEED
Kershaw I agree with...CY Young
The people who developed #DogTV must have some really good weed.
Happy St. Patty's Day, folks!
Everyday we have a choice to be either the villain, the victim or the hero. Be the hero.
Lucky charms are so good.
yea lol its been so much fun , i wake up late , play basketball ,and ive been at a skatepark like everyday
why. Haha im at school right now! Faye said Hi. She misses you too.
I have to compile a list of stuff first, so hopefully I can get screenshots of these messages to people and from twitter :)
how long did you have braces for? I love your teeth(:
falling asleep to rain> #heavenlyy☺💤
which one luv ya follow
won't be the same without you though, you helped keep my sanity!
Beloved Google Indic Transliteration now helps w/ the hardest to type: Urdu! 11 N & S Indian languages in all. And Ta3reeb for Arabic too!
I'm okay with ppl in the union, as long as they don't mess stuff up. Which almost never happens.
From one humble alum, grad 93, welcome 2400 new alumni!
Love that my walk home consists of a stroll by Prospect Studios complimented by Chasing Cars on my ipod shuffle. So apropos.
yes, I can be there.
Sandhaus shows examples of mapping tools to link NY Times to Wikipedia and other resources
coffee and cake
Had a Spinach Salad with Walnuts & strawberries & peaches at Planet Dailies tonight!! It was yummy & nutrient rich..try it!!
what are FL Multitype Library Cooperatives? these are SEFLIN, NEFLIN, TBLC, SWFLN, PLAN. they provide librarian training, local services.
New research shows people who live in Hawaii have the healthiest behaviors in the US.
Hitting my hiatus in the summer tho
You think you cute in your Avi 😉
Is it really appropriate to post information from an illegally hacked email account?
ayye im following u(:
A "routine search for missing people"? How much time is devoted to that?
heeyy.. At least I'm not the only one awake right now lol
oh ok
i was born 1996
OMG! WHEN WILL IT SNOW? D:
Thanks for the shout out!!!
Sipping on this pepsi hopefully this help my throat..
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night
Yelling "I NEED SOME TISSUE" and No One Is Home. -___- lol
it is called earplugs.. Use em and love em because when your that close trust me they help!!!
Yes!!! Last day of classes!!
#YouWereCuteUntil the light came on
Hello Twitter World! We are Portico Learning Solutions. We provide convenient and affordable online training.
I've only had them painted for one day
Excited to get some great new foodie tips from today!
Has taken ” take it easy” to a whole new level
False pretense.
did I need to turn anything in for the article I presented?
I just fed my dog Luke Cheerios!
ik girl! I miss u! No homo :)
go to Miranda lambert please!!!!!
HaHa! Good one.
I hope everyone had a Very Merry Christmas!!!! Miami was nice and sunny today and the Food Good. Yumm!
Fell asleep at 5 woke up at 1 and i have work at 5:30.. Fuck
wahh i miss you guys!!
We should follow the prototype's lead, & pray for strength to get #through the pain, or to let it pass by...and end with "Thy will be done."
w00t! RT : Last night was the best night of sleep I had in weeks! Thanks to the guys for making that happen!!
Or should I say, gave us the pieces to answer the question you gave him
But you got up there and spoke words many people are to afraid to face. That's what counts.
Alright. All packed and ready to go! Can't wait to kick some ass tomorrow with my lady titans! ;) <3 #InItToWinIt!
Being a licensed cab driver, I am a source of infinite wisdom.
With two ugly.people lol jk :-)
Anyone else annoyed by the new WPT commercial saying "More millions to be won"?
People use the word LOVE so freely these days, and provide no facts, or actions to support their THESIS !!
Wells Fargo’s customer service his horrible. It shouldn’t take 20 minutes for them to answer a simple mortgage question.
Enjoy reading all the awesome items you tweet and thanks for the RT.
Get your week started right! Stop in at the for your morning coffee.
love it, and they need lots of hope tonight.
Just finished putting together my presentation. Excited to visit you tomorrow and share examples of data as art.
wish I didn't have work in the morning. Love and happy birthdays to all of you!
What's Cabin In The Woods...is that like uh...a cabin in the woods?
“The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.” -- Gandhi
Ahh back to the quiet neighborhood again... :) Still more work to do!
But Crystal and my friend have to sign in, since they're not with Science Park, they're going as individuals.
Mario Williams is going to Buffalo huh? Everyone is allowed one horribly bad decision in their life
I sometimes take a females just natural niceness for flirting, I should know better than this by now, c'mon lol
ewe no.
Had a great weekend in Plymouth, NH, and greatly enjoyed the U Medieval & Renaissance Forum.
Congrats to ! Good luck in Miami. Fourth #Nevada player taken in this year's
Well--I dunno--this is a pretty cheap thesaurus. Maybe the English language doesn't actually have a synonym to describe what I do.
Birthday party at mom house tonight..
I pushed tweet too soon. Meant to also write "congratulations!!"
Krappy Draqula Ministry of Sheet Metal, Potato Resins and Sad Novelty Collections report No. 2333-1B: ALL MUST COLLECT ROOT BEER BOTTLE CAPS
AMAZING ARTIST SUPPORTERS....follow
Commish Scott: The system is not about about the test itself. Everything needs to be aligned. Not simply handing out bubble sheets.
Why is there still a stigma w/ dating websites?
So far stay with them. Once we stayed at a hotel when a whole bunch of other people were visting at the same time.
omfg i love you.
you think he'll still release a written decision? maybe sooner since he has no need to please MLB by keeping quiet?
awww I'm so sorry about your dog:('
I just had dinner at Alexander's in Cupertino. They let me make myself more cotton candy on the way out.
keep the words alive! I finished 2 scenes and am off to sleep. I expect a giant wordcount tweet when you're done :)
RT : #PRSAAnvil (Bronze) entries are due tomorrow. Will you be submitting your PR tactic?
Oh I need some of those sites as well!
don't start talkin shit like that then you little wiesle come out here you find out what's up, we do out here
blue would look better on you. RT : Officially...Sounder til I die! ;) thanks Seattle and
Yes it was VERY! Multiplayer was lacking majorly.
NOW: After 3 days of #SCOTUS arguments, Suffolk Law Prof Renee Landers recaps the hearings & answers your questions. What do U want to know?
Go to a club with your headphones on.
#Portland! I haven't been tweeting too much but I miss you all! For those who need #Chiropractic care, mention "#RCTID" to get a free exam!
We're thinking about a couple of options. We own a rental property that I would like to keep, so it complicates matters
I'm not a speed reader. I'm a speed understander.
Great remarks last night! Glad you were part of the evening!
sir, yes sir!
But later he traveled to South America and took ayahuasca, then wrote about it. Now he has turned more to speculative fiction.
Why am I at school so earllyyyyyy
You are the go-to guy for Yiddish!
The has funded gender work, youth radio and more...seeking projects where youth have agency and they become leaders.
you should discuss an analyst on saying the rangers window is closing as they are getting older....
Yeah I guess lol
...."are you free tonight? It's wildcat wednesday!"
Woke up this morning ashed a blunt in my Grammy award #Lil Wayne
likewise! Just checked out the baby galleries on your website - too cute!!
Ready for fantasy sports 2010?
“: Going to see yo off da chain choir concert ” holla!
while you're in l.a. you should let me show you around... in a ”non-scrubby” way of course ;)
I think that would be awesome! How soon til u promote?
right, shit. I'm gonna apply at places in the mall Friday when I go pick up my check.
We couldn't agree more TYSM !! RT Leslie was generous & amazing today!
Just got back from hot yoga. First day back in over a week! Oh, and I passed my written exams!! Hooray!!
That is awesome.
I've gotten one (:
Got make yourself number 1 if you want to be taken seriously
It's 11pm the night before a shoot. I've had nothing more than vague references to requirements with no confirmations to location or time
Just tapped Three Skulls Dried Hop the Plank IPA.
I need a cool, new iPhone case
I swear that you don't have to go
come see me at the student works symposium!! pahlease!
aww you're the best. I am staying in bed.
You mad bro? Nah, I ain't even mad. Oh, you mad. Haha
It's too fucking..hot at detention with Jessika
-- green grass / between, between the blades / the color of the water #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
To answer your question Hes asain duhh remeber the commercial where he was doing karate? Chinks love that shit!
Is there anywhere else I can send my comments to ur mag? Everytime I try to submit a story or embrassing moment it wont take.
Goodbye, world, I just got Max Payne 3.
I'm strongly opposed to
ew I know. But I know some fun poway kids ;)
LOL. RT I'm sad that the Internet is killing bookstores, buy I'm glad it's killing cable.
Morning Fee! How ya doing?
Drummer Ralph Peterson plays the Firehouse12 in New Haven,Ct this Friday.Should be a good show.
Congrats to the team on their big win!!!
St8 up !!!!RT : If you love everybody you ever been with YOUR A FUCKING JOKE.!
Me too! Rooting for you, !! RT : Crossing my fingers for Chris Mann!
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW NOW! HE'S AMAZING ♥♥♥♥♥♥
I dont no you new niggas from back in the day
The dentist should conduct himself as a tattoo artist or brazilian wax lady. Don't stop til you finish!!!!!
Ditto. I'm Team Peeta as well -- all about the girl getting the nice guy who is good for her. It works better in real life.
I'll tell you the names I picked out for my earthquake baby if you promise not to steal them.
it's cool bro
you are full throttle...Help me tackle a dream of hosting #SNL by reposting!!! and then introduce me to one of KP's friends!!!
Unfortunate, but After the end of first half, sorta thought it was headed that way.
Life is easier too just be a manwhore. But then again I have Respect for myself
It could be worse! But overall things are going pretty smoothly. :)
can you post it. I didn't get to hear it :(
Thanks Cameron and you as well Taylor!!!
Nothing new in this world indeed...
Dat voice. Seriously though, his covers are amazing. Thanks for sharing!
me too! Hit me back pimp
why no wine fest???
Not sure, but no doubt they're out there. Time for some searchin' and researchin'.
#NFL32 Bengals lack consistent drafting n smart decisions to be relevant in discussion involving my #Steelers n Ravens
YMCMB = YOUNG MONEY CASH MONEY BILLIONAIRES.
One more thing, check out www.vinoverite.com for more information about their #amazing #wine !
Ahh, a night off. :)
M the smell of cats and formaldehyde. 🐱
yep, pretty lame
Cool! The blog is here: www.KatieKrueger.com/blog.
Depending on where you work, one might come to you. Transportation Management Associations are passing out seat covers all month.
Write "Haylay" like that it's a shame! What's that story about this stolen song? #illiterate !
Radical rethinking of our space in the cosmos + universal love + club music + renegade storytelling through acts of civil disobedience.
Today was a total beach day. Was anyone at the beach today? This Mexican fly honey is going mañana, need to get a tan going to look Mexican.
Who was the lucky girl you took to prom! ;)
RIGHT!? Thats what I was thinking! I cant even cum up with anything for this TT lol (That song is all lies too -_-)
damn right my charger is coming to school with me
New Profile pic. Let us know what you think!
it wouldn't be fair for me to enter! LOL RT Are you gonna enter the contest?
listening to them now!
I would love it if someone would come keep me company (snuggle me) right now!
New fave song.. Stupid boy by t. Mills
This man defines the word 'class': "Kanye West Drops His Pants On Date With Kim"
For all the happy moments you allowed us to be a part of, we are thankful ! Happy Thanksgiving from Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint
yeah. they stopped around jan/feb. don't know why it stopped or why they started again. hm. very strange.
lol i know.
Check out all TryOut's events coming up! visit www.tryoutssanantonio.com, myspace.com/dj_pre_mo, or stay posted here!
ActorsBreakdown Actors Breakdown Maybe the word- genius should be changed to - Sheen ius
Henry Ford had an engine running by 1893 but it was 1896 before he built his first car.
Just had a moment of awe when I get my Wharton email address.
Pro Tip: no sunlight, never get them wet, and no food after midnight. Also, don't say Beetlejuice three times.
Crashing off days of Red Bull and pent up expectation.
Often, when I am reading a good book, I stop and thank my teacher
You're AWESOME!
Must be nice to be rich. I'm too poor to vote
I'm a proudosth of you.
Mom just told me to 'keep it on the down low.'Judging by the growth rate of her millennial vocab,I predict she gets on Twitter in 2-3 yrs.
shouldered Zubrus in the head long after the puck was gone. Got called
Stout on top of cider or wine... none of which are beer to be pedantic, which I am being... but, yes. :D
Religious people appear to be very intolerant about how other people live. This is strange. Christians and Muslims have this problem largely
I dnt wanna fall for someone who's too busy for me
Duck Dynasty on :) one more reason to smile this reason!
What a good day!
I'm on edge right now, and I really shouldn't be.
Keyra :) and you?
Tweet #TeamTonyCash For More Followers!
Citrus Salad with Mint Sugar Recipe from Bon Appétit
So why was the weather bad
L L
About to go on a little road trip for work. I get to drive all the way to Escondido (80 miles)! Yaaaaaay!
location possibly. Maybe you had a clever tweet. At this point I don't remember.
That way NSDC doesn't need to own the kit & members can use it for anything.
I agree with RT : Q4) With the right attitude, the skills can be acquired.
"Let the morning bring me word of ur unfailing love for I have put my trust in u. Show me the way I should go for to you I entrust my life."
Go to Pulse tonight should be hot tonight
This reminds me of the Victorian era when fashion created major spinal problems.
Wanna Get Drunk With Ed HELL YEAH. THAT'S OUR JAM
it's been a year since i've used twitter. does that make me an early user?
O that is a good topic!
M Panera lunch with Mom. 😃☀🍞☕
Thanks for the follow
Yeah...it's nice to add another fellow Utahn and Winged Lion to my online world. And I'll 2nd that "Go Jazz!" senitment.
Today begins the Hotel Half-Off Holiday Sale, get our rooms for 50% during the holidays while you can! #HHHSale www.hotelhalfoff.com
Our 4G Wireless Internet service is $45/month UNLIMITED Usage. Modem is $50. Download speed is 6 Mbps. 7-day $ back guarantee.
In the studio working on new song w is gonna be loving this one!!!
How'd it go? RT : weve had docents do this! (ask visitors to live tweet a tour)
I've just signed up 144.8 GB. These data could just signed up for the sidewalk.
shes just acting like im her friend.. and thats it
Huh? “: Harbs said it was a "foregone conclusion" that Cam would say on as O-coordinator."
If you enjoy a gamey flavor, I do recommend the Venison Sausage with Port wine. Only $4.25 give it a shot with caramelized onions
Preety warm today
G2G DRAMA/ GLEE CLUB IS STARTING!!!!
School is going to kill me, I am sure of it. I am so tried. So so so tired.
you are super stunning!!! Have a blast!
I did! Although there are too many gourmet cupcake places in LA. I'm spoiled I think
AEGIS carries the new knives from Monument Tools. These are ergonomically-designed and effective for windshield removal!...
Even when you've closed out Camtasia? Are you getting an error when you try to delete?
I'm at bar. Probably won't stay long. But would be nice to say hi.
My new Fav Follow
so weird that it's "tomorrow" there and "today" in the US and there today was yesterday. #randomthought LOL :)
How about Patrick Towles leading by example already...first to sign in the 2012 class!
:) heh yea I'm that weird....being sick is actually rlly fun!
LaRC staff Leon Miller (a new SAA Fellow!) and Eira Tansey are pictured in SAA's newest Archival Outlook. See p. 15 and 19 for their mugs!
The major theme from last night's conference finals: Galaxy's 3 designated players win game, Sporting leave their 2 DPs on bench and lose
don't get me started.
People assume that I can't hold my liquor because of my size
When we went out there in late May 2007, the day we got there, there was a little snow on ground/rooftops. Next day 80 degrees
A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies.
being stressed and working on hypermodernism project.
shutup bitch. No one likes him.
we do that :) www.readprint.com
250 FREE business cards w/purchase of Design. Already have one? 1000 Business Cards for $39.99!!! Call 720-542-6105!!!!
Can be! Pic helps but laugh in it! Gotta laugh life to short! RT : OMG - hilarious! That bad??? ROFL :-D
Good God refs!! This is a foul fest!!
haha yeah you def don't want to carry that much to a show!
Almost 6 PM ----- tired, body hurts hard day at work --- think I will take a nap
I forgot to run clean water through the coffee maker after doing a vinegar cleanse. Now I have to wait to make coffee
“: #WishfulThinking Royal 1s with banned 1 materials” only if....
Chocolate mints >
When people look at me with weird and mad looks, it creeps me the fuck out I offend them. LOL!
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy♥ please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp ♥ 2
I like the guy but man he can try your patience.
Congrats on the Grant!
Thank yous so much!! HUGS!! <3
did you receive it?
Almost only counts in horseshoes, hand grenades and nuclear weapons...
and said Liam was ugly. A girl said today "Did you know Liam is British?" to her friend. I heard and thought "god ur a stupid b*tch."
Study study write write study study.. thats my plan for here on out!! gotta make mama proud :).
Never letting go through my pictures again. Hahahah. 😳😏
getting your shopping done for the summer?
I'm available to speak at your graduation, event on theme: Hope in a Hopeless Age
Agree! RT : It's getting hard & harder to stay at my desk when everyone is knocking off early to go outside & play.
Went for a really nice run tonight, which is extra wonderful because my run this weekend sucked. Feeling like less of a running failure.
glad you like 'em
deep into my new iian m. banks book on my kindle. i want a tablet!!!! but will wait to see if galaxy and ipada are what i buy.
no. Diekman was a draft pick in 2008 or 2009, I think.
I read hard copies of #HungerGames and #CatchingFire . Started listening to #Mockingjay , but the narrator sounds...old. :(
Makeover! Check out the new look. Hope you like it! (Don't tell us if you don't--it took us 2 hours to find a non-ugly free theme we liked.)
Killed it last night at Supperclub...every-time it is crazier and crazier!
I agree
Circles pop-up box: "This post was originally shared with a limited audience – remember to be thoughtful about who you share it with."
“: “: Crean looks like a serial killer.” with a twist of shady stank used car salesman” and a touch of pedophile.
Where's the corn palace?
I never noticed that, but you are totally right!
With one quarter remaining, Idaho leads Bakersfield 72-58
hey you when we gonna skype?! X
preparing podcasts for recording this week - "mediation advocacy" and a primer for our new online calendaring feature...
I love u sweetie. U r everything I've ever wanted
Just not the same, man. Just not the same.
I'm sure there will be a few 10am drinkathons during the planned summer festivities
then def. don't see the pics on getty of his mom outside his house.
Are you excited for the holiday? What are your plans?
& force recovery?
(2 of 2) violation of Acceptable Use Policy. Violation is clearly not our fault. Needs to be resolved, like, yesterday. Thanks.
Sweet RT : not me but good luck to you! and I will be cheering you on!
oh god help us RT : It's going to get crazy tonight, 4 guys 1 Girl at Mi's Westside in Santa Monica
thanks for the RT!
not happy to read that my chipmunk-ish cheeks could be around for another week or so
We're on it!
what u mean?
prostitution really wasn't that common and everyone should chill. Kind of weird timing...
Finally made it to ...not disappointed at all! Great atmosphere and very complex flavors. I will come back for sure!
By Beat I mean BEST! Lol
Just got my new apartment downtown. Moving in this weekend
u make a strong case, however state polling suggests Obama is doing well in swing states & Romney had equally bad incidents
doesnt love me. She wont suffer for me. ):
Thanks for the #creative love Lu. Everyone please #follow the best rapper in #Ireland, Miss Lucci Minx
dont lose faith wish he would follow me to just keep trying
because coffee is <3
Happy New Year Everyone!
Ttyl after this class. My weekend start at 3:20 or earlier. What up though???
Wait, wait! you are DRIVING??
you need a life but before that get out of mine
Great fun playing Commons today in NYC , but tragedy of the commons: that we can't revisit our photos. Next time!
RE: #tdlp audio. Yep, we're using 's built-in recording feature, which reduces audio quality. ()
m skittles :)
Cotto only won 3 rounds.. Get him outta here❕
Homework done... Now it's time for sleep to get ready for a long day of packing, moving, and driving...
Passing along life advice without living it is like trying to drive a car from the back seat.
Bob Sheer critiques meritocracy in education, B Clinton, Obama, journalism at
dude i dont know its tiring
"You better take good care of me Lord, if you don't you're gonna have me on your hands." Hunter S. Thompson
Hey, at least Dook has football season to look forward to, oh wait, never mind.
You're welcome!
only 24 hours to go ....
iight sounds good
So excited for Saturday. The alligator pear salad makes its debut along with the typical 2.5 lb.
Happy Hump Day to all! The weekend fast approaches, ye haw!
It's time I told you what people have been saying behind your back. (NICE ASS)!
You tryin' to turn me on?
Just saw a car damn
haha what's up?!(:
Fair enough, they have some time on us. We are young and working on it.
Love it RT :
Dj nate lol i remember when he came to my school hoes was thirsty did he ever get famous
Just came across the author's name "Takewaki Izuru". I guess "Tatewake Hikaru" isn't beyond the realm of possibility.
I took it out of my bag then to move to the top and nearly forgot to put it back in;-)
Very good nap.
It's Monday, go scare your stall-neighbor at your local Target's bathroom!
It's been awhile, but i'm back. And harder than ever.
#EBUS118 and from Trivera Interactive are good people to follow in Milwaukee for interactive communications
what's crackin
in a world full of peaches never ask for applesauce TM i tm-ed it so its my sayin ha
KU-34 Detroit-24 at the half. KU ends half on 15-3 run. Still a little nervous about this game.
I already bottled a red ale, and the stout will be ready in a month or so. Let me know next time you're on the island :)
Be careful downloading IOS 5. Servers are locked up and my phone was out of commission for hours!
Great News from the ESBC! The 2012 ESBC will be broadcasted live over the Internet on March 24, 2012
Hope everyone had as great of a weekend as I did
Good morning people! Take a deep breath & Remember "God is in Control!!" Have a great day!
whats your favorite number?
Yeah, I've noticed that.
Thanks for the info, I'll check it out sometime. Hope your having a great weekend!
I hope so! I can't wait. Lego store for my son and DVF store for me. :)
that's a nice way of saying
Do great things RT : Watching steve jobs special "one last thing" - takeaway thus far- anybody can achieve anything
Yay! B blessed; don't 4get 2 read the insert ~ both message n music! Declaring that God is faithful and good! Luv ya right back!
Nice-I ran it last yr. Thankfully race day start/transport/corral process is better run than today's lottery announcment
2277 Wal-Mart units opened in MX since 2000: I thought local media would be salivating after NYT report
sounds lovely. I'll bring lots of fruit and mint and peach iced tea.
im think or what haha but your adorable with anything <3 haha best pic ever
i text u nigga
Sounds like it's leaning toward murder-suicide, although no determination yet on the girlfriends death. Thx for the updates
oh good! glad you both enjoyed it =] It was great seeing you this weekend, really was!
"Can't file you taxes from you phone," #140cuse ...maybe not but you can file a tax extension
did curb dog go to the game? #isthisprivatepropertycurb?
"Children learn to smile from their parents." -Shinichi Suzuki (via: )
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
yooo....whats up with a feature on a song of yours lets colab 1 day
Just scored a ticket to #TEDxCLE next month Looking forward to taking part in this great program.
It all comes down to this
Thought and prayers going out for those at Chardon High School.
Oh welk who gives a damn anymore
My Computer Is Finally Fixed ! ^_____^
thank you for the follow girl,
Since we admit we're not cops, can we pick up chicks here? because we got some hotties following us that we'd like to show our handcuffs to.
The soundtrack for is really strong, but my favorite track is "Nothing to Remember," from Check it out!
I prefer "YOU-duh-SEE-uns," but admit "you-DAY-shons" would sound better in a 1950s B-grade movie. "The Udacians are coming!"
NORMA..THANK YOU 4 RE-TWEETING OUR RANKINGS..SPREADING THE SQUIRREL-WORD MEANS MUCH 2 ME..TONY..F/S..(SQUIRRELS RULE)!!
I try to please you,
Eating Pb&j For Dinner! :)
Headache from hell
Looking for a keyboard player and a soloist. If you or someone you know would be interested, please contact me at .
Guest posts next week from gift-curators-extraordinaires on gift guides for him and her!
im jk about that last tweet
Man, I didn't realize I needed to carb load before this O's game. I still think my Beastie Boys mix will bring a win
This is ridiculous. I'm sitting at my desk with a shirt, sweater and wrapped in a blanket. And I'm still cold.
Thanks so much for coming in- glad you loved the crab cakes!
Great job, man! You're already an inspiration.
happy birthday to myself
Me too...but apparently not.
At home wondering if I could make any more mistakes in my life
I just started my first Vince Flynn book. Thanks for the suggestion #GoRangers & I don't mean the hockey team!
You can get ready to pack it up when - you confuse how long someone has worked for you with loyalty.
dont be jealous
Thinking of going back on facebook after dropping it in November...
Yawns again!!
Good Luck George!
On my way to get these applebees happy hour drinks :)
The British #mother, Russian mother, Chinese mother, American mother ... a German mother, or Italian mother. It's all the same. [1943-02-14]
You made a fool of yourself.
So happy Christopher Plummer won best supporting actor! What an amazing actor!!!
Every morning I hold my face under a hot shower and pretend that I'm awake.
I think it can be. There are several ways it can be utilized.
Nice job Ryder and Santino
Meanwhile, it's now $70 CHEAPER to fly RT Chicago-Birmingham AL than Chicago-ATL. And don't even think about MKE-ATL.
muito obrigado a todos Brasil Ethnic Products Project with ABBA and Apex .. see you tomorrow with more news ....
John Legend Who ?
I love awot
Grammy themed #gamenight coming up! Nominations were whack!
Pulling out of Murfreesboro and headin up to Louisville, KY to play w/ Louisville Groove @ Gerstle's Place. Should be groovy!
Greatest day ever
Packers Sunday Special! $1 off drafts & dumplings if leading at half time. 1/2 price drafts & dumplings if they win the game! Go Packers!
K east coast, what did you think of on So Random?? Call Radio Disney! Plus Cool Parent Challenge & Code Word coming up!
last minute move from CA 30 to Hyland 1000. See you there!
THANK YOU RIGHT BACK AT YA!!!!! Have a great weekend too!
RT Urban Meyer says meeting Braxton Miller today was the highlight of his day.
so how would you explain Dinosaurs, and fossils of our common ancestors
My dad he says are u ok I said yes he says r u sure if not I will be out there tomorrow aw daddy it's just a lil cold I will b ok
NO change it back!
Best way to wait in line on Stoney brook is listen to some deadmau5 #nowplaying strobe
I look forward to it
Got my camp form today!
Looks like Edelman did a better cover job than McCourty.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
Agree. Great Point. ideal world, the online work of providers would be to educate/inform... let hospital reps do PR
Happy Belated Birthday Ms Bacon!
GOAL FOR CITY!
Oh nice! How was it?
Didn't Lou catch for Carmona last year?
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best.- Tim Duncan
Want to make this dreary rainy day brighter? Go for a #run!!
my apologies for the trouble, please DM acct# or phone+zip, i'll have acct reviewed/corrected for you
RT - Tigres vs Pumas, Atlas vs Xolos, New York Yankees vs Detroit Tigers, New York Jets vs New England Patriots.
+1 : BREAKING: sources in florida tell me Morty Seinfeld will win the Del Boca Vista condo board elections
great end of summer book deals: www.genealogical.com/
so pumped to start cosmetology school
I have only lived here, for 1 month and its been repeat drama
I write my best motions and briefs while listening to Metallica!
Did you get any fruit to go with those or for dessert?
Luckily, it wasn't my phone.
Thanks for performing magic on ice, thanks for being a hard working guy every shift. Wish you much success with Calgary.
TY Jesus RT Dallas churches will ring bells at 11 a.m., an expression of gratitude that no one died in last week's tornadoes.
Watching I Love Lucy in history and I'm the only one laughing...
Food sucks
Thanks, see you there!)
AND thank you artists that donated for the Furnace Show last spring! Our dreams have come TRUE! *excitedstagleap*
The office holiday party! Excited!
Won't be tweeting for q while...hope I don't lose any followers
watching youtube videos about dancing cats...wish there was something else online to watch...
Let it go, give it all to God. 🙏
Your not the only one 
So young, barely legal.
Thanks for the follow and the hot tips
Whipped Cream&Other Delights satisfies both island scenarios. You'd quickly go insane, but you'd be alone so...
Shhh how I love my buddy Payton yesterday at the volleyball game he ran around th e gym witha poster of his gf name they r the cutest things
may i ask...how much time is left?
Follow back? :) Im a new #mahomie <3
London Overgound FTW!
At least when I was at work I felt somewhat productive. Now I just feel like a bum. Oh well. Catching up on my shows.
so glad u enjoyed it!!! Thanks for coming out
yeah huh!
So true, steaks, burgers & dogs... the grill was still hot so we threw on some chicken breasts for grilled chicken salad.
Singers, Great information about music business and building your fan base !Check out
me too. But I'm glad I watched it.
Golfing was great today.
because my parents want to be away from the "city" and out in the country area.
Grow food not war? Hmm.... lul..
Men & women who have gone to war, gather w/ their families & friends for a dawn service that heralds the start of #ANZACDay |
OMG Brilliant! The Gamay Rouge Jello Shots were a big hit!
You say "stupid high school prank," I say "assault"; let's call the whole thing off!
u needtu b sleep anyway
That's awesome!!! Congrats!!!!
swear i did!
Midnight job interview? This is very telling of the expected hours to be put in if I get the job....
She just ADORES anything touches....!! And she loves hats, so this is double dynamite! 😃
Since like...Wendsday? lol. Yeah, thats when I got my license :p
Don't tell friends what is in a banh mi before they try it.
I've gotta win the lottery ASAP this work shits getting old real fast!
can you play some Ed Sheeran? And Follow me please love? :)
Always :) Hope you're having a fabulous weekend!
Salsa Classes Today at Just Dance Studio: Beginner; Intermediate:15; Advanced:30!
Hello there! Hope your Monday is going well. Cool fall weather here in #NYC!
Three Mile Island is TMI.
Love to. We're scheming about a labor technology conference. I'd love to brainstorm with another labor geek.
All girls wants is for boys to actually mean it when they say "I love you.
Let's get it in...
u really need glasses?
Road trips are soo boring....all I see is corn fields
do you know if Napoli is staying with Rangers?
Coach Doba is in his flight back for Cougar Week in Spokane, bring on Great Games in Cougar History!
Watching The Vow (:
Love it! RT : Guys: today I need to be tech free. I'm going 2 conquer the day, laugh w my daughter, NOT be online. Happy...
Leadership cannot really be taught. It can only be learned. Harold S. Geneen -
The service for Josiah Lewis today was beautiful and bittersweet. God be with family, friends; remember tomorrow isn't guaranteed.
Thanks, BH! I'll hunt u down. ;)
Random: Why is America's Next Top Model still on? Has it produced even ONE top model?
Merry Christmas from WebCamWindow!
lol if you watched the video you would know why I am doing this 😊
I'd be happy to do a post. DM me the guidelines. Thanks!
So proud of for her presentation at
I have more time ahead than behind me.
well said man
when is the video coming out???
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated.
happy weekend!
Would u ride for me
Clarence are you gloating?
I'm hungry
What do you think of the Union's new plan for the GlassBox? Are you fore or against reducing the public Terrace Space?
is using the same definitions. Otherwise, as u just did, u end up defining things in overly convenient ways and u end up
hey they poo
omfg. I think after watching that #MTN is my new favorite Gaga song. She NAILED it!
Expect two no's before the yes! Dale Carnegie via Jen Holloway.
#100thingsilove s Friends!
you are welcome
Follow Me Back??:)
And tide pools and maple trees and cable knit sweaters and clam bakes and little red barns. (I assume.)
you are VERY welcome! “: Thanks for the follow!”
Freakishly warm for a mid-November morning and a weird sky. Even in Cincinnati. Wonder what's coming our way.
Collapsed left lung, but okay. Thanks for all the support of my friends, teammates and nc state staff! Will be running soon.
Not much #catstigraming going on lately, I thought it was going to be an epidemic....
Headed over to for a cupcake class recommended to me by at least 3 people! Live tweeting is a distinct possibility
All I want is a place to call my own :)
UGH i Hate When My Phone Dont Be Receiving Calls Then The Person Think I Just Didnt Answer !
Haha so cute how always says jerk just to not say a bad word
looks yummy!
so that he don't wake the neighbors
yea u gettin money but we fly over ya tour bus
try again...got digital photos that you think would make good postcards...let bmore youth use them to learn business hhtp://www.zazzle.c ...
Crash (2004) RT What is the most critically acclaimed movie you have hated?
All the lil folks in class right now. #SeniorsBaby 12
"Pizza Hut" or Lupus?
shopping for online video recording software (to record 2nd Life conversations). Any recommendations?
24 hour fitness lol it was interesting
Oh, gee. I've neglected Twitter for awhile. Well, I have a three day weekend now. Trying to figure out where the fun begins.
Lost my cousins in these streets.
RT : : can hist become partnership? Give visitors data and tools to help answr historic questions.
I'm going to be in washington june 3rd ... ima miss mtv movie awards ;c
RT : You are welcome. Glad to help. You and are working for a great cause. Thank YOU!
RT : Overheard at Digital Publishing World: "Publishing today is like building an airplane while you're flying it."
Why do I change phones more than underwear.. cant wait til im finally on team iphone :(
He is going to be traveling all over Europe. Plans he has had since before meeting me. Which I completely understand.
God Love US Hood Ni€€az.
It's late night #3 this week for me! and the Velvet Lapelles at Kitty Cat Klub FREE tonight at 9!
were you listening?
how r u doing in this 2012
by who
now your swinging low...i thin they were like the 2nd cd i ever bought...its not very good
got in trouble for talking too much with a customer, wtffff! -_-
Aw man, yeah I remember both. It was exciting and fun but I'm sure Lando kept things just as eventful. :)
OMG you are SO fucking hot...
My beer is too full.
Atlanta bound. Just an old sweet song keeps Georgia on my mind...
pop on FB if u can.. im back home :)
im having a pumpkin carving party tonight too!! but i was not on KTLA or E!
Congrats to all out local college graduates! You made it! :)
it's courageous to re-make a flick with such a strong K Bacon history. But I have high hopes. My vote: hit.
Lmao downloaded the draw something game and someone by the name of suciaa22 adds me to a game lmaoo
This was RIGHT ON TIME!
where are you this week. We should knee on your side of town before diapers and bottles are a night out.
The best portion of a good man's life is the little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.-- William Wordsworth
Spent 9 hours yesterday in my 1st business bootcamp class w I am so energized & ready 2 take over the world!
lol that's normal though I think. Helps you know where the cuts go!
JUST WHEN I THOUGH TODAY COULDN'T GET ANY BETTER.
yes sir! I will be.there!
How R u?
I don't think any of Marilyn's DNA is there to water down the dumb.
ill secretly admit i like a man in control(;
Ah. Saw it is in Minnesota... Someday Louisiana will catch up...
networking, meeting people, spreading pink, green, and brown love throughout the weekend!
ikr lmfao!!! that was freaking funny eliot kept telling me to shut up! xD
Bush and Robinson
Keep fighting that fight! You have much support!
We r now getting n2 the 2nd hr of the Latin Jazz Cruise. Support Latin Jazz in any amount @ 800-499-9246 or online @
RT : "The first draft of everything is shit.” Ernest Hemingway (1899 – 1961) Writer, Journalist
Walkin at #Night seems so peaceful
I wonder if my thumb is broken
lmaooo! I'm sorry but honesty hurts
Freaking Meshack and their peeps. "DAYYYYNA! DANA! DANA!"@ iloveburgers. So embarrassing! *facepalm
feist and business
thank you!
#AllTheyDoIsWin Go Spurs Go!
Just came back from my contract signing
i have just one question WHY????? Didn't we get enough from the first movie?? Ok that was 2 questions.
personal exp is with district syst I put up, but hosted, like #iacopi, is also frequent. IA AEA's host a server for state PD.
I just finished a 4.51 mi run with a pace of 9'00"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
i just might be ;] lol
I'm super excited to go. This secret is going to be hard to keep!
i wish i didnt have to forget my myspace password - __-
Getting loads of spam sent to my phone via text lately. You can tell the holidays are coming.
hit me up!! Better come out with us tonight!
does not see much of a future for the print book.
Thx for following. Hopefully you'll enjoy my epub tweets.
Looks like its just me tonight...daughter sleep...mii sister && went to the movies guess I'll just watch lifetime til I K.O :(
I WISH I CAN DM BUT HE IS NOT FOLLOWING ME!!!!! :((
Baby,you should let me love you let me be the one to give you everything you want and need baby good love &protection make me your selection
Do you know what was delightful #reading? CRUSH: THE THEORY, PRACTICE &DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES OF LOVE by Gary Paulsen. Cover is 2 young, tho
“: I wonder when is going to come out with their beer so and and I can drink it!” :)
Facebook isn't working for me. Thanks for the msg. U free for tomorrow's chat w my students? Dinner today is cool. Break a leg!
Im soo upset that I would be able to see in concert..:/
I hope you feel better soon :) That sucks
We saw Voldemort at the mall. He was getting Jamba.
and this is coming from the spoiled bitch who says she hates her mom for not getting her an iPhone. shut the fuck up.
Virtual #Netflix WI on Windows guest 512MB, Linux host. Choppy video, horizontal scan lines on #VirtualBox, good video on #VMware Player.
I,m having fun on my Ibanez BTB 6 de-tuned 1 whole step,It truly is a great instrument.If you NEED a 6 this is it! And you won,t go BROKE!
Feel guilty watching when it's such a nice day outside!
I still keep my MYSPACE page because I did LOVE it for being able to express yourself better through graphics and music.
Dear study group, I have three finals tomorrow, I really dont have time to wait 30 minutes for you to be late. Xoxo I need to study
#BecauseOfYou I've got a smile on my face and I'm feeling happier than I've been in months :)
Raining....yet sunny? Oh Arizona :))
Welcome to all Bramson ORT College Fall 2011 Students, classes have resume this Monday September 26, 2011!
What about Prince at SB? I thought that was better than U2.
“: Is The Best Band Ever! :D” D'aww ;D thank you!! That makes me so happy.
does added desingation mean you bring an AJbombers to Madison??? We can eat peanuts and tweet within a reasonable drive?
Vex tf bin dead all friggin day
Our office is SO HOT.
Thanks to our new followers this week (Part 3):
good seeing you again last night for bday!
hahaha....go yanks
Performance art: Nichols was reading a speech Gov. Brown delivered yrs ago.
Use meaningful names. The name of a variable, function or class should tell you what it does or why it exists. If a name requires a comment…
#MY NEW ORLEANS SAINTS STRIVE FOR GREATNESS SONG WILL BE ON ITUNES TOMORROW... ALL SUPPORTERS PLEASE GO BUY IT....
mr.ensign complaining because I had a 3.7 gpa and my boyfriend was white trash
Holy See: Rejects text based on the prevalence pro-abortion language.
Last Day to win a $200 Honey Baked Ham in the Chevy's Giving More Holiday Sweeps...
I'm frantically trying to get things organized to get out of town. Still have about 1000 things to do.
Gearing up for the new year - September is always the start of a new year for me! Don't give in to bad economy...keep moving! Helene :)
brownie points for trying.
Venus Williams powers past Jankovic in straight sets to advance in Family ... - Washington Post
Meet clients at our regular place where they know our name and treat us with affection and respect. This speaks volumes to the client
Preach it girl.
I don't know what's wrong. M twitter won't let me DM you. My email: my first initial, last name, "at" sign and wqed-dot-org.
Great rehearsal tonight even though we only had like 4 people
RT : Finishing gifts 4 Moms & Babies 4 Community Baby Shower May 12. Baby Showers r such a...
HRJOBBOARD.COM are taking suggestions on which charities to support. Please tweet us with your thought.
Hey Carol..
yooo where u able to find out how to get p value?
im nervous did u get a call yet
And that is why she was the runner up!
Lord somebody done robbed the ghetto Wal-Mart in Miramar, FL. They're bold robbers because the employees in that store are rude and thuggish
Thank you! Im pretty proud I didn't shed 1 tear during the whole thing haha- lots of physical therapy in the near future tho
OH at : "We're starting a website in DC to sell the more valuable items." And then I cried. Don't take the fun out of it. :(
dude speaks Arabic by chance?
Human progress never rolls in on the wheels of inevitability..without hard work, time becomes an ally of the forces of social stagnation-MLK
Make the little things count, so teach midgets math..
I love panera! I wish we had them out here!
Time to color the eggs... #Ryan'sMommy
Plain jane ass bitch
Wow just read...that's a shame...too bad they don't sell MAC at JC Penny's LMAO iKid...
congrats, those guys can be tough!
Putting the finishing touches on the Senior Ambassador training manuals. New class starts next week!
Would love to hear more on interactive Alts to g2m
4:20 FUNNY | When do monkeys fall from the sky? During Ape-ril showers!
"SNAFUs create scar tissues in your teaching soul." -- Char Booth
To do it right, you need to be willing to be wrong
single lets go out to cleeves and find some trailer park girls haha
We can't change the world unless we change ourselves. #YUP ...
I agree. We were guessing that it's probably produced to appeal to a more mainstream Hollywood tourist audience.
NP! WE LOVE KTU & GREAT SITE YOU HAVE MATT! 'From the city that LOVES to dance' - we definitely do :) Ava & Loretta
[Passive aggressive tweet here]
Old FTFD fueled workouts are the best.
im in love with a stripppppperrrrr
Happy Friday Twitter Friends. Remember today is the Wedding Connection at 6pm
Worse tweeter ever, seriously
lights out, like roar.
But you are still allowed to say DAMN, I hope? I don't think one can talk about digital asset management w/out swearing.
when are you guys back? I want to mob up some pret
This was intentional. Did you come see the show? It's a spoof of many Hitchcock films.
Poker de messi.
This sixers game is not bad. Actually has me interested in a basketball game.
That sad moment when you can feel you and your best friend slowly drifting apart.
Should be on my way to Staples Center right now for Kings game in an hour but damn flu won't let me : (
Fuck critics, you can kiss my whole ass hole
Went looking for new winter boots, found bad customer service instead.
