just did(:
Thank you so much. I wish I was at IACP this year, in my home town! I am here in Greece til the 9th. Enjoy. D
Pumpkin Fact: The largest pumpkin ever grown weighed 1,140 pounds
chill out ESPN lol
Got engaged and passed her real estate licensing exam this week...I guess I decided to grow up a little.
with who?
Yo look us up
It seems more difficult to "preserve" photo files in iPhoto - less ability to change filenames,etc. Anyone else find this?
Love your work!!
obviously time to clean up my follow list.
From what I'v read about said Compromise so far is that D's are willing to let there Surtax on Millionaire's(The pay for) expire in 10 years
People are so goddamn annoying and inconsiderate.
H is sick; fever, aches, etc. Wonder if she has strep throat. She's propped up on the sofa with juice and rice pudding, and plenty of Buffy.
It isn't a brave and interesting ending. It boiled the game down to choose one of 3 endings. Why give us so many choices in the game?
I'm just an old man who didn't wash his hair today.
Just finished making 2 pineapple upside down cakes & meatballs for a coworkers retirement. Feel like a Food Network Chef! :)
interesting stuff on old-growth desert plants. Thanks for posting at SoCal!
This bitch gone love me now she gone let me pipe.
OMG GUYS KATIE CHIU IS ON TWITTER MY LIFE IS NOW COMPLETE <3333
After an hr at DMV this came over the spkr., "Our computers are down. Sorry for the imposition.” Oh yeah. All 73 of us were just tickled.
Happy Memorial Weekend!
didn't UofO already admit to paying Willie?
If this sub says "guys and gals" one more time I'm hitting ....
don't forget what I said about them Pacers last night
off to crossfit to get my butt kicked!!
Lions and tigers and bigots oh my 😲
serious!! time to visit florida! got room for the poseys? haha
bahaha, best addiction ever ;)
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!! Its almost 3am where I live & OMG I JUST FREAKED OUT.<3
I know, he's hilarious, isn't he?
most likely. we can always work around my schedule somehow
I agree. Much easier to control.
that's kinda funny coming from you Ryan, an open mind? You mean like yours towards hockey? You crack me up dude...
ooohh lol i sorta suck at sniping depending on if im in THE ZONE lol :) do u buy the new zombie maps that come out?
I may just take you up on that!
Will do! Thanks for the follow.
My boyfriend is retardedly hilarious.
Dear #JPMorgan investors: Sorry about the $2 bil loss. Our bad. Will foreclose on some houses to make it up. Thanks!
thats not terribly bad. I've seen much worse. Let me know if you need a hot mix for any of those records.
Any writers going to #BWENY? I'd love to connect with you there!
You sneak peeks at your X-mas gifts as a kid? Well, you will have to wait to see what our Sunday FB/Twitter fan/follower special will be!
"Barbiere" is straight out of my grandmothers Christmas decoration box
<333 say something to me on ustream lol . i texted u today ;D #wellersrule !shoutouutttt ! :P
i believe there is someone out there for everyone. I don't believe we are all fortunate enough to meet them.
So I started hashing out my Carnival of Souls review for Movies I Actually Enjoy. Tough to write about my favorite movie: as in Why is it?
You may want to tell the folks at MDA, including the regional director I talked to. They'll be shocked. And tell Jerry, too.
SO excited about this fat burger I'm about to eat!!!!!!! #fattweet 🍔🍟
Hey T-shirt fans from across the pond! hope you like my work... just getting into the biz... I never knew....!
63 and sunny. If I believed in the concept of heaven, this is what the weather would be like.
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  59
I call bullshit on your pure existence.
PLZ Follow me !
BREAKING OUT WITH THE ALCOHOL ;D
I'm doing an online course to be an astronaut. It's really hard (who knew?) How about you? You've been MIA lately. :(
We are actually writing a song about/for Tilda on our next album. FACT.
The ads for "Dark Shadows" look terrible. Tim Burton and Johnny Depp need to stop working together. Same performance, different makeup.
can you follow me 💗
Walt Fraizer and Mickey Rooney both died?
In case you're wondering what former rock stars do for work, they become SAT tutors. #YesHighSchoolKids #ItIsTrue cc:
When boys look Like Justin bieber<<<<
Yay! Let me know how it goes!
always keeping me sane :)
Thanks for the follow Rex! Ill be looking out for your Pilot and premiere!! Cant wait to be out in Cali again!!
Facinating hypothesis from Gideon Rosenblatt: "niche" nonprofits should focus less on small contributors and more on major donors/...
Go do the bull dance feel that flow.
oh no!!! I didn't think you'd be checking twitter! Surprise
who seen #boppo! stickers 'round town?
This might be too advanced for me. Perhaps I should start with the novice version “You Are A Wannabe Writer.” LOL
Happy birthday to thanks so much for the support!! Hope it's the best birthday yet
Heh heh - glad we could help! Go Techy Librarians!!!
What's future of aggregation? , Challenge is to adapt to changing consumer behavior. Blogs fading
It was bittersweet. Great to be there, bummer we're not moving on.
- Nope, staying right here in USA. Visiting Mickey in FL this wknd
Started my Diablo 3 download this morning. Should be finished just in time for me to start playing when Mitzi Closes.
how do you like it?
#AMAZING #WEBSITE! #Love the #NavySeals & their technique for #STRESS... thus learning to #FOCUS FULLY on the task at hand !
Hey, , come out to the west coast... we have a guest room and NO hurricanes! :)
do u know there is not a day that goes by that i dont think of u?:)
ur playing on the radio at dennys everytime I come here it plays.. We will get married.... Oh my!
I never get ice in my drinks. Gets in the way and ish.
Livin like theres nothin i can do to stop it from comin.
PLOM (poor little old me)
The plate method is a helpful tool for eating healthfully: make 1/2 your plate fruits/veggies, 1/4 lean protein & 1/4 whole grains!!
I really really really wanna play grand theft auto san andreas right now
Great day with sister Jessie.
not cute . he's okay but I wouldn't date him . I'm weird I knoww
massive migraine, #fuuuck. :/
Well he's pretty much right
Ever cry when you really shouldn't? More stories coming up next...
Euuuggghhh. 3-day-old lemon chicken is rubbery and gross when microwaved.
Cheers, mate. Happy tweeting.
Happy Friday mother fuckers!
So glad tomorrow is late arrival. I probably have a TON of make up work
Just saw you on #ESPN accepting your #nfldraft phone call 2 years ago...
Out running the other day, I saw a homeless man climb out of an anchored boat on Spring Bayou, and stagger down the sidewalk
april 22 is a sunday, so traffic won't be a problem
me too!
Eek, my tweet volume is down. I guess that's what a new job, moving, and two kids will do.
haha! the anticipation is killing me!! what do you think the event is gonna be??
my guy at the coffee bean & tea leaf gave me a free bonus shot of expresso in my coffee. it's like he knew...
Cow Phur is the Best Sac Package yet you have to check it out !!
they raw
Hey would like to integrate ur service in the soundgarage app. Any apis available?
Aldo Bello interviewed Rev. Ray Kemp today for about the #DreamAct, shared early footage: #mustsee in 2012
cannot handle the David Sedaris animal fables - sorry!
via reports that there are now more online searches for Occupy Wall Street than for Speaker John Boehner
Maurice Sendak influenced and enhanced my love of art at an early age. For that, I thank you.
Hey Joey! So I was jumping on my super amazing fabulous trampoline earlier and had the brilliant idea to tell you...yeah.(:
It made my day when i saw that accepted my friends request on youtube ^_^ I loves him! Hes awesome! FOLLOW !!!!!
Train tickets and hotel booked for a research trip in two weeks. Looking forward to getting back into the archives!
What was your favorite book #AsaKid? Mine was 'The Lorax' by Dr. Seuss.
domaine de roally, maconnais, #burgundy 2008 plus mischief and mayhem #wine such a gift in life
If you haven't heard music yet, Then you have no idea how it feels when a Homeless man blows you for the rest of your PBR
This weekend was so good! I want to do the whole thing over again.
Check out our Facebook page; we are offering Xmas stocking stuffer discounts!
That's SALARY. People who work for non-profits don't work for free. Stays the same regardless of revenue. Not on commission...
Thank you & Happy Weekend to you! #FF My day is just beginning here. Glad yours has ended! D
RT : 72 hours and counting until grand opening at 10197 W. Sunrise Blvd, Plantation, FL! (YUM)
Thanks, Joseph! To know is to love her. Glad you are following. Now I'm gonna nudge her to start tweeting.
And I am an idiot for not editing my autotext in tweets. It's Jessica Colati. Jess, you rock! I feel stoopid.
follow me please
There's still a chance of showers and storms through tonight in NJ, but thus far they are all falling apart as they move east across Pa.
Thought this might interest for #productivity during your work day.
The saints of clouds
Try to have the best, Monday you can, beautiful. Pettitte wasn't too bad. he needs to get some rhythm. nite...
OMG test taking is so nerve-wracking, but you're going to go in there confident, super prepared & WIN!
#AWD students: PLEASE please please share your Google Docs with my "husky" email address.
Are crowdfunding sites the new daily deal sites?
Happy birthday, Kendyl, from the NY Public Library!
Yes, I tweeted LOL > my Twitter timeline needs CPR. Ran out of coffee IV.
Hope everyone is enjoying #smbmsp44!
With a sick little one I won't be tapping much this week. Help me live vicariously...tell me what your tap class is working on. I will RT.
Just a warning to my followers, a lot of my tweets will be jonas lyrics.
how do I miss these things??? Going back to my dvr'd episode to see this trainwreck...lol
You're a Thai Siam carryout fan too? Best camping food ever!
oh. yanks :( well, if you have more work to showcase, do post it and let's see if you could get more juicy freelance gigs! :)
Porn on an iPhone is like eating supper with only a toothpick.
i love you guys! :D
With all this music I have... It's really hard to choose what to listen to. I think... Never Say Never is a good choice =P
Help support Hunger Task Force--drink our Holiday drinks here! Try the Cantina Sour or the Whitecaps! Delicious!
working all day 😝
Just had lunch with the most awesome Brenda of
Hm...and who would that be??
Bugger. I think so. I stand by Chicken Nuggen though. It may be a tad dark, but hey, most fowl are destined for golden arches.
I knew I shoulda packed some PJ pants and slippers
My body hurts!
that's what we like to hear - spread the word!
Great #leadership cant exist only @ the top. Leadership excellence must define your organization like a strand of DNA.
Last Leap Day, I was living in England and spent the day at Stonehenge, Stourhead, and in Bristol. Four years: so short and so very long.
Gotta love that Raven's Defense! Unless you're a Jet's fan of course...
Trying to spread the bug and imagine for the better - part of our initiative at least..
So, a slow week? HA!
“: scorpios and aries should never date. experience has proven this a fact. #bummed #exhausted” no bueno
Day 1 post #Whole30 cleanse from Heading to see for my official weigh in and measurements & then for some bootcamp!
For the love of God and all that is holy, it's "duct" tape, not "duck" tape.
#earthquake just hit Paoli PA!!
Me, every day: "I don't want to go to class."
i wish icould.
So you didn't drink 18 yr old scotch?! :)
Just got an crazy call from my mom she's in SA
i have all the pics. send me a private way to get them to you and i will send them later. great to meet you
has three sleeping beauties next to and laying on him!! Loving life as a husband/dad... anxious about heading back to work.
ew no pervert. We're not gonna sleep!
I love him<3 Okay
We had a ton of it - bigger than a marble - smaller than a golf ball sure cars were damaged
b where
GREAT interview on the Rosie show! You rock baby!
Yea, u were totally tweeking out for a second.
You can achieve anything you set your mind too through hard work and determination
going tomorrow. It's not like there's a lack of stuff to do.
Another sunny day in paradise.
YEAH ALEX FOLLOW HER!!!! haha
Happy Birthday sweets!
A lot of disrespect for Bucky. Gottlieb has them getting beat in 1st round,
I venture only Not-a-Bitch thru seasons 1 & 2: Sybil. Biggest bitches: Sir Anthony Strallan, Bates. My kinda bitch: Dowager
unless they make you look good, which isn't hard to do.
I'm scarred for life..
James Harden comes in...loudest the crowd has been all night
Touch it gently, put 2 fingers inside, if it's wide use 3 fingers, make sure it's wet and rub up & down. Yep that's how you wash a cup.
did you see the house or was it deep behind a fence?
Workouts this year should be fun will you be there?
Money doesn't talk, it swears
Really? #Santorum would not change anything in his campaign? Not a great answer...and to be happy be in the final four. Oy Vey!
We're doing some new things around Halo... It's gonna be a huge change! We hope you'll stop by and check it out.
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Your brand begins with understanding the value you deliver!
This shit be getting boring way too quick.
These bickering boys make me ill.
Thanks for the follow!
hey kid. I distinctly remember tweeting you a few months ago asking you to come to FL. you said soon. WHEN IS SOON?
#20thingsaboutme 8. Eight is my lucky number. Thought that would be a good fact for number 8. ;)
Thank you! Yes, a headache, but I've been told its worth it.
Off to shoot a spot where I get to be a baseball announcer. Maybe they'll green screen me into Wrigley for Take Me Out to the Ballgame
What are some movies you'd love to watch on our patio for Backyard Movie Night?
just completed 25 minutes minutes of meditation with
i cant even go out to the #club but its gonna stop tomorrow but its cool more time to spend wit #frinds #drinking and having
*SCHOOL FIRE* Hazelwood Middle @ 4617 Hazelwood Av, NE Balto; Trash can fire in bathroom. Fire Investigator responding
Yardage increases in #nfl due to starting field position @ the 20 b/c of touchbacks?
When singing in Florence the lights suddenly went out. 30 nuns held candles amongst us. The next scheduled work: This Little Light of Mine
I hope everything is okay. Ur such a sweetie. If u need me I am here 4 u
Dr Gloria - "...and I saw this guy across the room...and I could see he saw me...and we gave each other, you know, the Black Nod..."
Finally heading home going to surprise my mom with something
dress jojo up and salsa dance with her
Had a great visit with My parents.
Duquette's text message said "need money for Taiwanese LHP." I thought he was talking about rave pills. I've made a terrible mistake.
I'm back and ready! I am positively wild and giddy about
RT : The most beautiful girls are the ones that have more to offer than just her looks.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. ~ Dale Carnegie
squeeeee, I'm so excited.
Bitches r takin off their eye lashes nowadays 2 suck a dick
omg I'm 16 & pregnant! my moms gonna be so pissed! pshh bitch imma be famous!
Freaking I lost that list of people
Employee defecting to a competitor? Think about quarantining his/her computer in case trade secret/unfair comp. issues arise.
Malabar display proves a holiday delight - Florida Today Malabar display proves a holiday delight Florida Today It 's the second year in
As my girl Rebecca Black once said, it's Friday, Friday!
no, that wasn't it, the one I saw was about the historical figure, but I cannot find it through all the fictional ones
Wow. My daughter is grumpy today.
is #random <3
[You] don't get the time of day
Watching an 'I Survived' marathon on the BIOGRAPHY channel. These people have been through some of the most unnimaginable things!
Santorum's right. America suffers from porn, but it's mostly repetitive motion syndrome, blindness and hair on the palms of the hands.
yeah that's probably what it is.. I've just been using it for so long.. I'm not used to dry lips haha
Spring Training is under way. Pumped for the new season, and excited to see how the #Nats do this year.
51 new video clips filmed in one day...
Mos def! I always like to support brands doing there thing; its part of this great community we're apart of.
I read that tweet at least 5 times to makes sure I didn't have any errors of my own
The e-book version of A DIFFERENCE OF PURPOSE should be on the market by the end of May.
now fallowing :)
I'm so sorry about the suckiness of Come 2 for a real show! ; )
See you on stage tonight!!
Ugh school :/!
I like youre mustache.
Awesome! I'm doing my Hunger Games one :) it's fun.
Yaul two bout funny as shit good to see yaul tonight being all happy like
Required reading: "The First 90 Days: Critical Success Strategies for New Leaders at All Levels" by Michael Watkins
Why do the streets of Copenhagen and Amsterdam look so different from ours? Answered by
Thanks for coming! RT : I now know where I'm going after work. RT: : ZOMBIE DUST.
Another amazing haircut from ! Love having friends with skills & talents!
Google+ still exists? Wow.
Fml...I canceled my prom date for a girl that doesn't even wanna go! >.<
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments :)
glad I could help! Any chance you'll be producing web content for at some point down the road?
funny how the times I actually got to stay at home as a mom, rare as it was, I thought the greatest ever - apparently now that's a bad thing
Just realized is on campus shooting a music video!! I want to be in it! :D
RT - Dominique Dy what a great job singing the National Anthem at the NFL game for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
OMG has a bridal section complete with dresses...heaven! I want everything.
Wiskully decks are in!
You're just like a barbie.." "Awww, tall & beautiful?!" "No, plastic & brainless"
I appreciate that, Ben! You guys have a very nice portfolio of work as well. Being a creative director is very rewarding. :)
I'm only good at being young.
What are YOUR plans? Is anyone as excited about their weekend as we are about ours?
It's the full version, so you can create/edit movies to the full extent of the software. RE: iMovie on comps. in CyberFresh Cafe
Do I give my BC football season tickets away or just throw them out?
Oh yeah! ": Band 1 is gonna rock this unit. #whatdoyouknowaboutit ..."
Were Can I Listen To Some Of Ya Work!
Me too! Safe travels. RT can't wait to meet up in Chicago!
Museums don't be scurred! Work w/Wikipedians to share your vast knowledge freely. Bonus points if you pay them.
I miss #madeinchelsea and you :(
Don't sleep in your makeup it's bad for your skin. Take the time to wash and remove your makeup before you hit the pillow.
French Dip - Roast beef on a sourdough roll with provolone and horseradish sauce, served au jus
The worst outcomes often come from the best intentions.
Thanks Jimmy Kimmel for making me laugh really hard this week. First LA and GO and tonight Ron Artest. So funny!
Jeremiah 1:5 says "before you were born I set you apart" meaning you are supposed to stand out, not fit in.
Spent a weekend in Texas and now I have all of these receipts to take home as souvenirs.
My knee hurts and there's nothing I can do. Ugh. Don't dislocate your kneecap, kids.
Can y'all follow my new twitter...if y'all fucks wit me... do it now
That was the hardest day off ever. Work work work. It did however end with amazing authentic pork tacos.
hey girl whats up?? how was ur day??:)
So bored ):
Does anyone make latte deliveries in Dupont Circle for sniffly writers?
Those days you get when you just want to break a bunch I laws...... 😜 yeah I'm havin one of those days😊
Just Ask Leadership (garybcohen) thanks for the follow.
Smelly guy got off the bus. Thank god. Now I can breathe. I have been holding my breath since we left downtown.
did you find what you were looking for?
Was just told to go lay down and relax and nap if I wanted because "it's valentines day and you're supposed to be relaxing" #loveyoumike <3
Good luck to you! And, the Sea Dragon ride! :-)
Its Friday the 13th..
Oh &&& i forgot, I'm not light skinned!
hm what is your race?
he will be one. I like Martin and all but Cisco has to be the starter one day.
You're welcome Ashley. :) Thank you for following me, It'll be my pleasure to follow you back. :-)
Raining again & seems like it might continue for a while. Guess I'll try to finish Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close now.
I need to be on a campus fugg shiit up
RT : Oh yeah? Well, you know who I *can* insert the value NULL into? YOUR MOM.
Call the market that you like so much... They seem to have unusual stuff! OR have come to visit and bring them!
To recap, 1 vintage file cabinet and 1 top-notch, adjustable, ergonomic chair procured this month for a grand total of $60. Good omen?
These are the worst NFL hats I've seen on Draft night in decades. #Whatyearisthis?
#Bully = a non-stop sob fest of grieving parents. Wish they would've focused more on the crux of the problem. Still, a solid, empowering doc
A1: Yes stole the words write out of my mouth, re: tracking URLs!
What you're so close!!!! :o And ewww boyle heights! haha
YES that is exactly it. Want to teach like my high school teachers - friendly, welcoming - & it doesn't work here. Killing me
“: Yea I'm a PRETTY boy but tonight ima be a NASTY Nupe!” OH
hold up let me shower!(:
you too! Looks like it's going to be another beautiful week in
I took 3 hours to write a post for The Score earlier this week. Went to publish it this morning and found I had erased it. Beyond bummer.
Get your shit polished before you get your shit published.
I don't see a cape. Nor is it wearing the glasses I would expect from its mild-mannered alter ego.
Thank you, darling! I have considered changing my Twitter handle, for funsies. Maybe for Commencement? :-)
12 Days of Red Dresses — #8: Party Selena Gomez became quite the fashionista in 2011. From showing off her gams in flirty minis to prov
we got lucky
A blonde is sitting at a stop sign. A police man taps on his window."Everything OK?"Blonde, "I think it's broke. It's been 10minutes now!
Cool! Let me know what you think
#ThatsWhatIWant for everyone who has a problem to call me; we can help!
I get motion sick on that darn ride....booze or no booze. Haha
Lol. I know. Hoping she doesn't go to a 60 gallon next! Lol
I'm in Japan now - enjoying time with my family - and thinking about my family in PDX!
A mother's love for her child is like nothing else in the world. --Agatha Christie
I am really missing my fam tonight, although playing poker may help?!? Trying to run some tests at work, but have no idea on one of them.
Getting ready for Spring Cleaning? Don't just throw everything out...make some extra $$$ and sell it on Antengo!
is there an issue with the Twitter follower growth reporting module. mine is totally off in my report
thanks for following
Please follow us for the latest in BF news !!
Finally someone who also appreciates HSM! :) Hudgens is So lucky! she's in timberlake's new movie!:) good luck w school! i meanit!:)
thanks! I'll keep it in mind
(head spins)
Renee must be sick because some non-mustached lady just sang the national anthem. No fist pumps but she did a good job
yess! seat G22! How about you?
I love a smart man.
But the first Born This Way Ball is tonight..
Master class time with Cedar Lake's Alexandra Damiani. Let's do it.
“Mapping the Experience” Chris Risdon,
Left the white house, now going to the zoo & lunch then heading home to Boston <3
: made kale chips tonight!! Woulda called you guys but they didn't last long enough for me to dial!
you guys in the burbs?
niggas will do anything just to get a female nowadays
curious? which Canadian Hockey team do you follow ? and who is your all time great Hockey Hero? love the show! all the best!
Weil on barriers states face in #ACA implementation: fiscal capacity, personnel/expertise limits, medicaid through 2013 & more
oh my god. i love those in so many ways!
did you snort? XD
Thanks for the No Pants luv! ;)
Why would she invite me to a post mothers day bbq? As if I didnt kill my diet enough with those nachos
already following:)
shout out
So excited to wander the Jaffa markets and explore more of Tel Aviv. Yesterday, I had my first arabic food - So delicious, and healthy too!
I got stuck in 580 with Nahon. Heard she isn't a fav prof...
I like how act like she dont know nobody no more. OK I see how it is.
Working on some music... exciting saturday nights!!!
If someone looks different and you feel uncomfortable, do not mock him talk to him.
McIlroy has chicks watching golf now. About to become number 1 in the world.
#NBC needs to fire him. As a reporter he is supposed to be unbiased. They fined Keith Olbermann for donation! I watch Chris Hayes
BREAKING: Surce tells that Peyton #Manning will spend the night in Denver, reassess in the the morning, but has left Dove Valley.
Holy crap, Giardia, seriously??? That stuff is so awful D: D:
Well im going to bed gnight everybody i love u all :-)
Seriously. Since when is it okay for 45+ people to gang up on a kid?
If congress uses facts,people will support them regardless of their political affiliation.
Nope, news to me. Have a link to more info?
Hey! Anyone got a line on some beeswax?! Shea butter too! Where do you get yours...because I know you all have it under your kitchen sink.
hey do you remember me?my friends and I chilled with you last time ftsk was in Wichita falls,I shared a candy bar with you!haha!
you guys have enough cheese today?
Good night !
A-Bar - #Milwaukeedictionary - Term used to define where to continue to party "After" the bar's close
Don't think the winner of AI is in much doubt, but...I've been surprised before!
I need someone to go on a walk with me / go get ice cream. No one is responding to my texts.
I used to go to Ultrazone as a kid. Can't believe it's still around!
aight man, DM us your number and I'll talk to you about it.
Your updated Facebook Page looks great!!!
we did that story this morning too. and used flatulence :-)
Our mantra this week: rock it hard at presentations
it really pisses me when restraints don't have my fav pop
Can't wait for One Thing!! (US fan) - Has their been snow in England? All theres been is rain, rain, rain in MA :(
A8. There would be mandatory #Nuts tweetups at LEAST twice a year. And spammers would be banned...immediately.
Floyd has cut open Cotto. This ones in the books unless Cotto knocks him down.
Fashion Tip: Scalloped edges are in -- try the style on shorts, dresses & blouses. Great options at Tacoma Mall!
boom. best budz at 7pm talking about peyton manning, kony, lacma boulder and of course the media beat
And winter has officially arrived with a big F-you
OLPC XO Charging Station - hardboard
Dear : any idea what time 's set time starts next week if the gates open at 7 pm? Thanks!
definitely not looking forward to practice... #brookwoodswim&dive
good luck! time for a quick chat today?
Don't allow one bad day to get you down, plan today for a better tomorrow!
Thanks. Hope your day is going well and the weekend looks bright!
and I just wokeup. he and I haven't said a word to each other, but he favorited one of my tweets.
Celebrity deaths seem to always come in 3's. So, would that make "Meow" the Cat #3? ...Poor, 39-pound fat cat.
Hi Torrey! Happy New Year!
I love your response to the C&D letter. Especially the drawing. Can that be made into a T-shirt?
R-T if you are HIGH ON WEED TODAY
Seeing tomorrow!! Then reliving my childhood is Disney bitches can't wait
We're working w/ & , providing avenues for veterans & civilians to volunteer together.
Pol Chief Ramsey on death of firefighters Robert Neary, Daniel Sweeney:"Most of all, you have to really feel for the families."
hahahaha <3 I have no clue how I have so many. I love them all <3
Des Moines, Iowa
Your good intentions slowly turn to bitterness, reoccurring episodes with each and every kiss
"Would you like to tie me up with some of your ties, Ty?" RT : i cant tie a tie to save my damn life
Community, Parks & Recreation and 30 Rock are CANCELLED!? WTF? You know why I stopped watching TV for 3 years? This bullshit.
Why are east coast women that difficult? West coast women are the best.
Happened to me. Cousin: What diet are you on?! Me: The portion control one. Cousin: *disappointed look* oh...
DA. Laying ground work for Zimmerman prosecution stating he is a consistent threat to community! And his wife is complicit!
i know that guy !!!!
RT : Doc also says that Pierce feels a little better and is a go for tonight
HA! Go to bed! What are you doing up?
And, of those 4 contenders, it's the marketers' dream match-up in the #Superbowl. Woohoo.
same here
My heart is like a wheel, let me roll it to you
Who's ready for the Broncos to take on the Raiders tonight?? Let's go !!!
I may be young, but I'm ready..
Did you get my DM reply about the cupcakes?
If her age is her shoe size
JLO I need some quick cash I"m dirt poor from the soundview area in the Bronx
I know I just got the blue hair but it's just not the right fit for me-glad I tried it-buy I am ready to go back to something simple
hi ryan
#first40songsonshuffle #17 And Then There Were None - Spring Awakening
Crowd assembling for 5 pm Capitol rally at State St.
hm who ya talkin to GEM???
can't understand how people in the richest country of the world think health is a luxury.Masses so eager to stay in poverty?
Psalms 44:5 Through You shall we push down our enemies; through Your name shall we tread them under who rise up against us.
G'night All! Tomorrow is another day!
Tout fanatik and you guys gotta start showing them that you love them for real by buying their album
Life for a woman is so much more expensive...hair, nails, eyebrows, makeup, accessories....etc...and the list goes on!
YAY! Tenor banjo strings arrived, as well as the vintage bloomers and assorted 1800's undergarment pattern, via USPS. Music 1st, then I sew.
I'm at Nouvelle Ballroom C waiting for & to rock it!
RT : RT : Great seeing you at Tell you friends about being a big brother.
tweety tweet twatting tweety birds tweet tweet tweet =)) WHO!!!
And you'd better get a nod for the feature. I'm just sayin'
You have the ring. And I see your schwartz is as big as mine!
Tebow and Thomas.....BOOM!
Thanks for the reply -- I'll check out your blog.
Great quote. Thanks for sharing it this morning! Have an awesome day!
#wecanttalk if you are listening to your ipod while your talking to me
And mid-route crew changes. Just when long-haul is arr/dep there are necessarily extra people around.
Enjoyed talking on SuperTalk Radio with Marshall Ramsey this afternoon. Thanks for helping us spread the word!
Obama touts robust auto industry; GOP counters, thanks to Boehner, tanning supply sales up 500%
who did ....thats your name on twitter
you'll be great :) oh how I miss history.
Bad day :( kallie had to go and screw it up as usual
she told me you like that name fam
ESPN used chink to refer to an Asian person. That's embarrassing. Hope they're at least ashamed.
whatever may annoy, the word for me is joy, just simple joy. – John Kendrick Bangs
they have no idea what they've just lost ,you have been awesome and you brought class & cool attitude to days
no bosh, no ring.
thank you :) remember your beautiful and no one should let you think different.
I love that movie.
So fancy! Thanks for the quick reply - I have the Okoye book on ILL - I'll have to get creative with the other. Thanks!
After work goin probably straight home goin to sleep thinking about turning my phone off not sure yet
So its raining in miami
That's adorable!
Not going a day without thinking of Austin cause your a hardcore mahomie.
I think they actually shot in Spain. I remember reading that somewhere...
Google CU again and then get back to me #smoke#notevenclose winning a pageant isn't having that voice #RomosplanB?
Do it! Or just start reading - there are some really interesting academic and more pop culturey linguistics books out there.
new debugged app for android and iphone now ready.
Why can't press the follow button for me?
Yeah! Me too! ;) RT : song of the moment: "It Girl"....what songs are you diggin?
DONUTS to the rescue. Also, I saw you at #bigomaha but the tides of humanity kept me from saying howdy. So hi!
The greatest gift God has given us the gift of forgiveness. Powerful and liberating..
Feel bad for Tebow. Not sure the O-Line could play any worse. They could have Peyton Manning and it wouldn't matter tonight.
This is a great finish! Ad dollars through the roof!
RT Today I start my new position at Wikimedia Deutschland, working on the #Wikidata project. I am very excited about this!
I don't even do this stuff ever.
Visit my dreams i sleep well when ever u do :)
": Engines are fired for the Aaron's 499. #NASCAR"lets go kyle
It's sad and pretty damn hilarious to see a person talk shit about you when you haven't mentioned their name in months
Oh, yes, I know. Why couldn't he say that in the beginning is my point.
Thanks for bringing that to our attention!
eatin some chicken wings, watching wifeswap, and i saw a rainbow on my way home.nice!
right??! I should have, but was too embarrassed. Dang, major missed opportunity.
my phone poppin right now .....
u already know :)
LOL "Nothing would surprise me w/ FB, too funny"!
Recall tomorrow 2:pm.. If you like paintball then you’ll love laser tag. It’s an indoor activity and unlike paintball ~
aw thank u
Dont judge me. (:
I miss so much! I wish she lived closer!
GUASFCU alums! Check your email for an important note about our 30th anniversary. If you didn't receive one, email !
All ur fans should know to ignore rumors. It's all a part of being famous. Stay strong! Good luck! Peace!
I'm so sad... My drawing something app will not work for some reason!
Happy B-day To my gurl ♥ Have a bieberlicious Party 2nite ♥ Love ya
hahahahaha shutup spencer. get some self confidence
*tickle RT : I love when people play with my back. :)
We'd talk about the Cowboys.
Darkness indeed.
Thanks , we will follow up with a letters segment. Would you mind emailing me your contact info? Jill Ryan
Basketball game
I watch the craziest stuff on youtube when Im bored!
no he did not
U crack me up! Like an egg opened with one hand! Rightside up, upsidown u smell like mr charlie brown! It really works! Try hydrololize!!!
I'm reminded how lucky I am often. I act deaf and blind to it at times. Then the right people open my eyes and ears thankfully.
Good lookin out Tee “: Really excited about the show I'm hosting w the MSPCC. Everythng is coming 2gthr & every1 is confirming."
#SKCChat oh ouch. I forgot Roger won't be in. Oy!!!!!
Ambushed! The photographer just popped in. Never a good sign when you have to put the red wine down to be immortalized on film.
Only drinking coffee in England at the moment! Will keep you posted. Thanks for the "?!"
Fuck my life
Yes! ...in costume?
I think he is, and I think he was. jk I really don't know actually.
Well this is a worthless practice
#FF because we get together and talk about fun sh*t
great weekend in Minneapolis! glad I got to hang with some great dudes
Would you mind testing my site out before I publish it?
That awkward moment when my ex-girlfriend texted me asking why we aren't Facebook friends anymore.
Aw I tell my nephew not to break girls hearts and he asks why I said cuz someone broke my heart and he says oh well he's evil lol💜
wants 's picture of that is in the pack of pictures I got her haha
Tweet o'the day, LOL RT : Iowa fans about to storm the court at Ohio State.
I should learn to be thankful...but I was way over dressed for my walk home
RT: #mediachat starts in 1 hour! Tonight’s guest is and we will be discussing #socialmedia from a student perspective.
Some thoughts from the weekend sure to stir the pot: I thought was boring, and I thought the new MD unis are horrendous.
Pike Place Market = so much fruit, and so tasty! I love living in Seattle!
lol , hopefully i can be his friend from Miami (:
Stuck in traffic. Looks like I'll be fashionably late for 's wrap party:) fun fun fun
Because you like it in the bum?
Ur probably right - my point is not to waste time on improving faults but to celebrate strengths to drive team results...
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes. - Jimi Hendrix
I liKe weebly ;)
Tricky Ass Hoe's Texas......... -Female Inmate on Scared Straight Program-
Effective #patienteducation instructional design strategy radically different w/ children vs. elderly for same health issue;a cost challenge
I would also argue it isn't accurate. :)
Tweeting why there is racism doesn't make it ok. I doubt if you are Jewish, hating Israel's government is not very Jewish.
What up
Enjoying the expensive thrill of giving a cab driver bad directions in a neighborhood I don't know.
yep. Came back a couple of weeks ago.
Pour em up dirty sprite tell em that it's nuvo
Whoa. Did they really just cheer for "let em die"?! This is scary.
i liked zombieland
The first thing going on my new apartment wall is a sexy picture of my lady love
Live is good :)
I can't say how happy I would be to have Marc Bousquet on faculty. We at virginia should be so lucky.
I try to think of #autism as a different culture and many times things get lost in translation
Big derby game at home tonight vs FAU. Game is at 7 pm, we need everyone's support so you better be there! Let's go !!!
No problem. Hope you have fun!
(2/2)The answer is no. In 2004, Supreme Court held that Act of 1967 does not forbid discriminatory preference for the old over the young.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is a guy to fuck her till she cant walk no more.
#FirstMovement: Follow the people!
Happy Birthday! Hope you have a blessed day! \m/(>.<)\m/ Mine is on Tuesday...woohoo. ;-)
At Mrs. Johnson's Donuts for the first time. Eating a donut for the first time in 2012. This is Brigadoon.
Times Online in the UK reporting that the Italian woman who missed the Air France flight that crashed was just killed in a car accident.
should follow -MB
Let's hear it for the great teachers. If you can read this, thank a teacher.
the other guys
Thanks to everyone who registered for the Mobile to the MAX Webinar today! Follow the discussion on Twitter
Hey my friend good to see you here
yup no prob 😜 haha btw i have the same phone case as the one in your default picc 😊
Let's hope so. Kind of a shame for artists to not dictate what song the user hears first. No ability to feature singles
Tell a #Yankee fan that thanks to his team, there is still a color barrier in baseball, only now it’s green.
and have been looking for a natural cure for yeast infection
shank on TNT.. Classic
happy good friday all!
I tweet about not liking and 's paid tweets and both immediately follow back. Go figure.
It's the budz baby
Tell Congress to take a pay cut, play nice in the sand box and quit trying to cause panic to get thief own way. Grow up
#Why is it tht us girls 10x more drama than guys ever do???-_-
One Day when the sky is falling, I'll be standing right next to you... Right next to you.
I love this video!
I should be there... oops :)
I am proud fan and guys are the best
"Connect with everyone. If anything has worked well for us, it’s this principle. Be present at everything. Always take a quick...
If you ain't got no ass bitch wear a poncho
So excited for you to come over!!!
Holy crap Aziz was hilarious. So good.
Romney is nice courteous boy from a good fam the parents want their dau to marry. Gingrich is exciting, wild badboy the dau is in love with.
Thai Surin Province, big elephants, great food & super people E21 service today! Now 6 hrs back to Bangkok.
#FREEDELIVERY ends tomorrow! ORDER BY NOON TODAY to get your cupcakes delivered tomorrow!
Been there. RT : How many digital humanists does it take to get one laptop to project on an external display? Five. No joke. Five.
My problem is I like almost every one of them! Or, maybe that's not a problem. (g)
Girls Night Out July 18 5-8pm at Mad Mex Scott Towne Center. $20 tix for a margarita, chair massage, appetizers, polish change
call me I lost my phone..
Its been so damn long since we recorded all that I have no idea what to expect
if #fantastyfootball sux, try #BidFather and let us make you an offer you cant refuse! www.bidfather.com
....... All women are like that
I'm secretly ke$ha.
Charles Binder has not aged gracefully. I should have known the indiana jones hat covered one of the world's worst partial heads of hair
Great meeting yesterday with the board of directors in Marietta. All the members have their training manuals, corporate investment in progr…
I wish I still had my uniform. I'd wear it all the time. Those Han Solo utility pants were the best.
(holiday text cont'd) mentioning since I received group mothers day text at 7am. Reminds me of new years texts. Reconsider before sending.
The wise through excess of wisdom is made a fool. Ralph Waldo Emerson
": Instead of thinking outside the box, get rid of the box. #SpiritualSolutions" so true Thank you
...I'm going to see it next week, probably mid-week, and of course a full review will follow.
RT : Thanks for being in San Diego...Your customer service is the best! Thanks Claudine!
LOL “: Santorum announcing his running mate: a piece of shale. #miprimary”
RT : Q1) learning through multiple collaborative channels whether collaboration is implicit or explicit
Wow it does not feel like 8pm right now
oh shitttt lmao you probably did
paradiddle breakdowns around the kit. And left hand dominance. Please.
Great reading tonight at the Folger Library with Achy Obejas
It really doesn't matter,not one of them can beat Obama come November. I'm a Democrat and I wish there were.
I agree. I think Chekwa could be a contributor as a nickle back right away and possibly grow into starter.
last night>
Haha- yep. you have to turn that big rig around... RT : you're going the wrong way...
Aunt Gina isn't enjoying being childless and hungover for "Take your child to work" day.
YEH THE PART WHERE THE GUY GOES " WHOSE THAT?" sTILES:"THATS MY BROTHER... MIGULE" HAHA
LOL I love that movie! I dont have 6 fingers but my left thumb doesn't work and I am left handed :)
Today, I met someone whose nickname is "pocket ninja"
The Nobel Peace Prize medal depicts 3 naked men with their hands on each others shoulders.
#ThatOneFriend You fight with everyday and still love them no matter what!
Already following you ;)
Still intrigued, however. About any rumors, I mean.
#presidentialaddress doing it on your own is absolutely the story of America. We succeed or fail based on our own merits not others
Awesome teaching reviews from last semester's students certainly puts an extra jump in my monday morning step. Good to feel appreciated. ^_^
I am excite :)
the yellow one I have only the shower gel in stock, this one is discontinued and very hard to find, but if you want I can get it.
I'm in, let me know if I can help!
Lawyers from for the #Homeless are here helping clients with legal issues. Awesome #service, thanks again guys!
omfg i love aiden so much
So much for an early nite
probably since she was arrested on
+100MM RT : Glad u did Jeannette!! I meant it!
Thanks for the RT!
You're so funny lmfaooo(:
This four-star hotel will "redo our downtown effectively," developer E.Neal Arthur tells city council in El Cajon
There's this picture called jewlery from the 1940s n it looks really pretty its from some dude name Don eddy
all the new jordans sold out on black friday
good atleast Im not that disappointed
Leonardo DiCaprio is starring in his upcoming movie The Great Gatsby. I'M DYING RIGHT NOW We have to go see it together!
Hate IHUB!! Wish there was anything comparable.. In jail after I pay my subscription, with no warning, and no idea why!! Better follow me!
$2 tall boys of Shlitz EVERY day ALL day.
That's great to have the tasting done. For most that's the difficult part! I'm sure you'll get through the rest Congratulations!
Is Paul's announcement today to get booing fans & son's gaffe out of the news?
#JamalCrawford out in #Atlanta? If so Crawford's top teams are #Nets and #Knicks due to familiarity of NY. #Bulls expected to make offer.
Good ad.
not in the eye.
OR NOT HAHA
Came to the library to get hw done.. Took over a computer and hooked my Mac up to the monitor, kb, and mouse.
- Two years running I have forgoten about #30u30 till too late. Adding reminder to my outlook calendar now.
CHILLING WITH MY BOO
All I ask for is an opportunity and I will turn it into our profit
Check out page 33 of Think Bigger Business magazine's January issue. I wrote an article on Designing with Type -- for the non-designer.
Pico Blvd, had lapse from reality, I envisioned strapping C4 to the front of the car and ramming the idiot in front. Thanks
I think girls know a lot about geometry since they always find good angles to make their profile pics look pretty
*waves back* Hello!
Santi's first bad word: Shit! All thanks to tia Nena!!! (SORRY  )
The winner of a CE t-shirt is !
Today is a day for rocking out to sappy love songs.
Had a dream to the T in regards to name and recipe of a drink without even knowing of it.
Guess I should go to sleep we got that dumb test 2morrow ISTEP
Why do we set such high standards for people when we know the one true love is always going to be the exception? :-?
couldn't agree more!
DDDDAAAAAMMMMNNNNNNN CLIPS IS BITCHSLAPING THE FUCK OUTTA THE SPURS!!!!
EightysWorld2 one of the greatest video ComingSoon!
Awe man I forgot my eye shawdow. Thank GOD for
she said alot of stuff about not liking JB but then she lied&claimed that she never said that,there r pics of what she sed
Oklahoma City makes 22 of 23 free throws including 14 of 15 from Durant to beat the Minnesota Timberwolves by 2 points
I thought she was going with you ..
Ty! <3 congrats Emma and Trevor!
about to lay it down for the night
Yo , I'm at a cafe in BK engaged in a dialogue and debate about your article with a bunch of random folks. Kinda surreal...
I am being recognized! Woman told me I was her favorite on Russian Dolls.
I usually hear that Zendaya and I look alike :)
The Weekly Defense Industry Roundup is out!
RT : How to present digital scholarship for promotion & tenure, a rpt fr #mla12 in bit.ly/w7kzHV
Stop stressing or worrying about something you cannot solve. Take it to God in prayer. Let God handle it for you.
Parking ticket, stitches removed, didn't get the internship I wanted. Oy. And I was in such good spirits when I went to sleep last night.
read about this today...best of luck brotha!
Playing with the JECO Intercollegiate Jazz Ensemble at the Hyatt Regency in Columbus. 9:30 pm! Come hang
So, if anyone needs a bomb shot, you just need to siphon one from my viens.
Thanks for following! It was such a pleasure meeting you at #factorcon Looking forward to connecting again soon.
"Animals are under our skins, those animals deep within, those animals scampering about cause there ain't nothing to try to stop them baby."
Happy Birthday !
yes!! Instead of rapping I can very slowly sing!(:
You watching the game?
favorite show to date?
Everyone give a BIG Shoutout !
Welcome to the Collection
yeah, I know. I use idealist to find some pro bono work. Maybe it'll work for u too.
You are more then welcome, Hope you have a great one
lol, Should have been. up at 3 am due to "nightmares that all the bad guys got out of jail. I couldn't beat them all"
True RT 9 out of 10 women throw like a girl.
General Platt's doing well. He knew Kwanza's dad during the civil rights movement and stops by every so often to say hey.
Attention DC sports/clothing retailers: The Nationals are actually good this year. You should stock fitted hats. , looking at you
I feel like I should like Silversun Pickups based on the music they play, but I just don't. Find myself bored after a couple songs.
Going to get mom-mom from the airport. Last time she saw me I had just graduated from highschool!
Hey its Hump Somebody Day! No better way 2 celebrate than 2night 4 our #INTERMIXWEDS! Who knows, u may actually get 2 hump somebody!
Honey Badger fears no man!
Unless you're like Robert or Nessuh then I don't care haha. & some other exemptions.
“: Two networks have passed on another Palin reality show focused on Sarah hubby Todd." Sweet Jesus Praise the Lord! AMEN!
i want subway right now. RT if you do too. (: -Kayla
what u need on the graphic tip ?
“: Just realized the initials of OSU's new coach are UM. Anyway, he will do great things in Columbus.”. And then run in 2 yrs
haha yeah la is alright I know I know.
"Le" yeah I think
I am currently listening to Jonas brothers. And not a single fuck is being given.
Watching make it or break it with my sister
“: why enjoy nature when you can see it on the Internet...“ I once saw a picture of the grand canyon online, gorgeous
If you come and rock the hell out there may be a cookie in your future...
CleanMy Mac Is a great app! We have been using it for about 2 years. That and Onyx is all you need.
My Grandma Talks To Ketchup Bottles.
Life is worth living
I do believe that zombies will over come the world soon
That sounds right!
If I offend you I'm sorry, but I really don't give a fuck
The price of a McDonalds Hamburger in 1955 was $.15
The main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing. -German Proverb
yes! Decided I wasn't ready to get rid of the keyboard. Fun stuff!
After games all I wanna do is sleep
ugh he HAD to text me!!!
Have fun making more music. :)
Yes, I would be sad to leave my neighborhood. Can't believe I've been here 9 yrs. in July!
thanks for sending me that. And a belated congrats!
I'm liking this song.
I'm not actually drinking Hennessy!
Can school never happen? Like worldwide they should abort all further education.
come back to dc Justine!
Can't wait to hang in Nashville this week with for Country Radio Seminar!!
Its so hott in my room...that's the one reason I don't like hot weaher.my bro had asma so he doesn't have a fan..then he moved out and now..
Good to be home surrounded by loved ones in LA!
Their is a certain look on my sons face when he gets upset.. No matter what he has done, I have to hug and confort him..
C'mon, those are some legit hipster creds right there. Give them a listen and let me know.
And lucky me Subway is right next door.
Team USA has the areal advantage cuz their taller than the Japanese team.
Ugh. What a fun day.
They are boring as usual! Yawn!
“: im gonna make u stay over night. Not gonna bail u out right away”/Pffffffffffffft.
okay I GOTTA go to sleep.
you're right ... My apologies. I just got a little caught up in the hype.
Chillin Wit my Best Friend Gabe
People need to stop betting on my horse Gemologist.
will you be in the burg over thanksgiving?
I don't remember!
It's only Tuesday of Spring Break, pace yourself. A week left to rage.
pepperoni is a vegetable. rule: if you can't identify the animal, then it's not meat.
#DontWifeThatChickIf she RTs all her compliments.
I can't believe that just happened.. Can't stop crying. I can't wait to just leave my mom.
I doubt it. Americans are price sensitive when it comes to energy prices and removing nuclear from the mix will drive up prices.
S2: Too much focus “beating competition” is an obstacle to business growth. Agree/Disagree/Why?
I miss you whose gonna drive me to classes and take the elevator with me and bring me food?! I'm lazy
I picture them all on the stage in the Christmas special while Charlie Brown is trying to get their attention
Better still - I like it. They did feel a bit orphaned out there.
Thank you SO much! You seriously just made my day!
Let ME be clear, Obama's war on terror policies are virtually identical to those of George W. Bush. Bin Laden is dead. I report, you decide.
ha ha lol it was nice huh :)
yay its supposed to be sunny the day of prom. 68 degrees and 0% chance of rain <3
Falling in love is all bittersweet.
Watching Due Date with my love. Night
First Tuesday of every month, the next one is February 7th, 6pm-7:30pm
don't talk the talk if you cant walk the walk. . . is that a real saying or did I just make this up???
Thank you AT&T man for coming to my house and breaking the Internet so I can to full advantage of today's sunshine!
"HUMAN" a dance theater work by Reggie Glass at ’s Movement Emporium. 7-8pm. Mention DITA for half price tix.
RT I think it should be against the law to talk down on someone if u don't have nothing going on in Yo life
I'm at The Wormhole. It's like I climbed into a mashup of my favorite 80s movies. The only thing it needs is that bone piano from Goonies.
I saw a license plate yesterday that said "I Miss New York", so i smashed their window and stole their radio
This is Korean BBQ weather! Dust off your sandals and join us tonight for our amazing variations and some darn good company too!
“: #Scorpio and #Pisces … Flame and Oil. That's all I'm gonna say.” yep... Me and my mom
Entertain me, world. Now!
STFU Tea Party blow hard. Newt is unelectable.
: when's the next event? with was EVERYTHING!
Thank you for the sweet tweet! When are you going to come in here so our marketing girl can meet you in person!?
Thanks for spreading the word and getting your community involved in !
On my way to Dallas again for few days..
Occupy broadway - skater rally
Congrats on the #1 on Uvumi.com
Super excited for it! What a great week. RT : can't wait to go on stage
Happy or Sad, Mitt Romney #CPAC12 wins straw poll with 38% of votes?
WCCO Sources confirm: Donovan #McNabb has been released. Tune in today at 5 for more.
Lady jogging in the neighborhood thought I was looking at her boobs. HAHAHA! Bitch please!
5:30 am gym was a great way to start the day
It only takes only one person to change your life - you. Ruth Casey
Band rehearsal...yayyy!!!!
Searching for your love. ♡
Da bears takin it to Detroit. Don't get devon hester a Christmas gift. He will just return it
Diplomatic Immunity?
aw was it a good flick?
Girls who have big lips ^.^
So I'm still thinking should I post these two pics of u standing on the bus stop yesterday on rising Sun ave & Martin mills
I got my hug
haha I know right but teachers were saying it might be sat the UNM gym I was like good luck with that
2nite inside #GBar $2 u call it at the bar...see u tonight!!!
Coach letting and myself spit colt45 on the van>>>
Working in the best beer hall meets euro club mix ever for the Midway benefit Friday.
alright now that's a big improvement from the last one!
Those I did play back in the day. AC still works I think. Syndicate only through nostalgia.
Let's play a game. How long does it take for one of the eighth graders to spill something.
hold up....they say Obama was downtown shopping at Walter's #RNS lol
ive never seen a team with 0 pts win anything lol... Its ok corbin.. Im a colts fan... Life is hard with peyton
i dont recall those middle school days
Some days are just so shitty...
#AvengersAssemble. Avengers kicked ass, congrats to #marvel, #joshwhedon and everyone associated with the film. It is a true masterpiece.
I really have a problem of thinking to far ahead
(never mind)
Lol yall niggas make me laugh wit all tha Tall Chic slander, all of us ain't outchea built up like Shrek
Also: Biking outside is WAAY harder than biking on an indoor trainer. Oh, & cold wind does NOT make for an easy ride. Outside MileageYTD: 3.
Pushing back now! Can't wait to see you in SF.
Uhh.. Please don't..
All I do is
Don't forget, we play next Thurs at Six Flags Over Texas; Good Times Stage 6-9 :)
Light Table still seems to me to just be reinventing a lot of Visual Age
And that's it. I'm home.
Having my Hunter Hayes and Taylor Swift playlisttts playing all night<3
(Positive Thought) " Do not settle for less this year, You are the best and deserve the best. "~~~Happy New Year To All:)
I think NYC does that to everybody. It's one of my favorite places to visit! Have fun! :)
Rolling Rock...Domino's wings...Time to reconnect with America.
that shouldnt stop you from trying. & with you, seldom does. But I'm just giving you a hard time; my drawing skills are lacking
The upside of teeth whitening is considerable. A great smile can lead to more happy encounters and more sales if you're in business.
good day all!!
you don't even know the half of it, yo. RT you are #wild ===> Love it!
Look for us tonight on Walnut between 6th and 7th Street.
Where are the Dec 2011 bills?
Japanese hair >>
“At the height of laughter, the universe is flung into a kaleidoscope of new possibilities.” ~Jean Houston
Yep! I love when idiocy self-destructs. It's actually my favorite.
I need a drink.
Obama has to stop with the outsourcing bashing. Very short-sighted.
WE HAVE TO!! WE'D BE LOSERS NOT TO!
Love when she says that in the movie.
Two is always better than one... Lmao
you guys have had a busy week!
GB: act right... RT Our D is bad.
Because it's just easier. =) I better not have bronchitis! I get that like twice a year!
FOLLOWED HIM :) follow me back?<3 :)
Thanks so much for spreading awareness.
Exoplanet-Consuming White Dwarf Stars Discovered - RedOrbit
what for?
Not black-hearted, just flawed. :D Couldn't help but feel for K even as he made bad choices. That takes talent! Thx for that.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet. ~ Plato
Im Your Worst Cowgirl Nightmare ;) ahahha
Hey man congrats on the new HC position!
tywebb75: Facing a challenge to describe benefits of membership in SLA in 500 words or less for a chapter bulletin. So much to talk abou ...
hi baby girl(: i love you too!
Well they might be able to swing a couple that we wouldn't notice with the unending line of characters...
Kris Krow guest performing tonight! Stop in and enjoy the sweet sweet tunes! $5 kettle 1 drinks!
From now on, when I'm mad I'm calling you a Pollywanker. Just something I came up with
If you are looking for authors to follow:
As you know, there are over 200 art galleries around the Chelsea. We will post some exhibitions with photos from now on.
absolutely - eliminated it in September & totally changed my health / life. Skin, hair, weight, digestion; amazeballs.
I will have to try harder the next time (not to behave), now that I have permission to reassume my normal more colorful parlence!
Children: Spend the first 2 yrs of their life teachin 'em to walk and talk, then spend the next 16 yrs tellin' 'em to sit down and shut-up
Some guy's nose is bleeding. He tried to out-dougie me. He has since left the floor.
what happened?!
flexibility training decreases the occurrences of muscle imbalances, joint dysfunctions, and overuse injuries
me to man ! You barley recognized me lol :)
Lol! Must be for her! I need to finish Lauren's dress. Next step involves getting out the ironing board. Too much effort.
Great job today on your exams. Masterful work.
Because it is ultimately based in fear. I don't believe that is a good leadership trait.
Trying to find the song to sooth the feelings
where is my hoodie!!
Writing a a paper or nap? I vote nap
I drink to make other people interesting. -George Jean Nathan
There's no absolute? You absolutely sure about that?
RIP Prizm. 1999-2011. You were a good and faithful servant.
Everyday is 4/20 if you really do this shit!
Watching Crash!
Man my son fitted sheet is always off his bed what does this lil dude be doin whn he sleep. SMH
Seeing the sun rise. Just got off and ready to sleep
Oh Lord. Being a celebrity IS exhausting. My ❤ goes out to all Kardashians. Good night.
Out here Grindin hard err day man. Dnt shit come easy...
MM..more later..
RT : writing the perfect tweet is like writing a haiku.
“: Mississippi Missing A Lot! RT : we're in Mississippi... We don't have abercrombie & fitch”>>even Idaho has one
Thank you for the follow.
Some shit in the works all imma do is keep grindin an wait lol
Celebrating the anniversary of the end of prohibition with boozy tea party. Holiday Pooh Bear attended. Holiday Piglet cant hold his liquor.
having the money to wash your clothes
I doubt any1 will convince me that global warming is not real. May 14, & 101 on my patio in Las #Vegas. The long hot summer begins early
Have You Ever Realized That In “Other” Parts Of The Country…Where “You” Live Is Considered “Other” Parts Of The Country?
RT if you hate liars. >:/
When Posting on your Facebook Fanpage don't use closed statements -Ask questions for more engagement.
To guess or not to guess: Guess if you have extra time or can eliminate one or more answer choice. Guess hard words for hard problems, etc.
Tim Tebow PLEASE PICK JETS, REPRESENT NEW YORK!
Aw Tom and Lynette got back together<3 FINALLY !
Hi Alex, we are coming to NYC next month, if only able to do Darby OR Butter - which should we visit?
w/ V-Jax and Tolbert gone and Gates often injured. who is Rivers going to lean on?
Has anything u done made your life better.
your shows are the best when you commentate! Speak to us you funny motherfucker!!!!!
Therefor, I have to try and help people. Even if that person is my worst enemy.
All I see is a bunch of squares lol
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself. - Swami Sivananda
I got a hand written letter in the mail from Alison today, she is an absolute sweetheart!! =)) And she also LOVES my name...twinsies! =D
Everythin happens for a reason everythin has a purpose.Whats my purpose?been tryin 2 figure that out my whole life.been hearin voices 3 yrs.
alright, turns out we have plans for Saturday. So, Sunday?
Just wrapped up a lovely engagement session on this beautiful Saturday afternoon. Now off to finish up my last minute Mother's Day shopping.
Took a four hour nap.. And I'm pretty sure I could go to sleep right and sleep all the way until tomorrow..
Menino talking to kids scarier than threat to Catholic Charities for stealing staffed.
ha lol yeah thia is true
sweet! Live it up! :o)
Feeling the company newsletter. Keep on trucking, please.
I'm very glad to hear that.
Come on in & warm up with us. Dbl Punch drink of the day is our delicious Caramel Mocha!
please follow
i am so going outside to skateborad
Nothing recedes like success. -Walter Winchell
Ah! 100 followers:D thanks so much guys(: I'm gonna try follow back all of you when I get the computer! I'm doing as much on my phone(:
Am I the only one that every email from my parents starts with FW?
Tried to think of something pithy to tweet about on my way home.... #fail. But loved tonight! :)
If theres nonthing you could do about it, and u feel helpless just PRAY
Start a constitutional civil war and piss off every judge in the land...not a great way for Obama to start reelection campaign.
RT : #musesocial What have you found worked to balance virtual/physical experiences?
I need to see if we have any recordings or other material about Col. James Pattee & the Old Soldiers Fiddlers at CPM.
In time, grasshopper MT Can I be levitated in an anti-gravity machine?
guess just went live? our new interactive website gbwvision.com !
Tom Jones + Nick Cave = Dex Romweber
if you need tax help give me a call 415-225-1648 or email
How many elderly choke to death annually on Werther's Original candies?
Having nothing, nothing can he lose. William Shakespeare
i take it u do sum pretty ugly things huh.....jus sayin lol
Am I the only person who has enough copies of Scrabble to tile their entire bathroom?
I'm next! I only have one cat to eat my face after it gets hungry though.
National Lampoon's Animal Jam
Hear TFC KOs happen when the train pulls in, and takes a bit for fans to reach BMO. Plus car traffic. Adjust KO times, TFC.
~ You're such a teacher of faith & witness for Christ. Wen it cms to ur own faith & belief in yourself you're project disbelief
It's so lonely 'round the fields of Athenry...
CHEAPEST LEGAL FORMS FOR 52 STATES, HTTP://WWW.ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
For science!
Did you get your tix?
Looks like I'm going to West Seattle for #RSD12 at 7am. Sleeping in the car tonight. haha
today better go well -,-
The Tackle Shop at Goose Pond Scottsboro Al. is now open. Jamie Shay opened the shop last week. Full line Jethro Dealer! Welcome Goose Pond
VOTE FOR MEGAN AND LIZ'S RING POP FLAVOR!!!
6c7c to Ah5h on 4h5x10h with lots of dead $$ in pot, he hold and is likely chipleader.
": Each one of us has a hole in our heart we choose to fill with drugs, parties, a commited partners love, or God."
Is bored.
God mornong  have to go to the orthodontist so i get to go to school late this morning  yaaay lol. hope u have a good day
#Rio fans: we have a great story coming up on the news at 10 pm. Will make you jealous. It's after 1st commercial break.
Yeah, it's awesome. We had an internal design challenge for a new symbol. Created by
Thanks for the RT!
did you see Neenah is raising it's base pay for new teachers by $6,000 a year?
New video blog post: How to write an article part 1: Research.
They're great!!!
2011 The Crossings Sauv Blanc from New Zealand, light crisp acidity & lots of tropical fruits. Wonderful find. A must try for #wine lovers.
Don’t buy items which are tagged as store specials unless they’re things you always use.
Love that vintage #Valentine feel? You'll need to order 2006 California Zinfandel Old School by 2/10. A rare library wine!
oh, I see...I have lots of down time right now, so I can update more... glad your doing well. We need to talk more. =) <3
YOU'LL NEVER GUESS WHAT HAPPENED AT MY CONFIRMATION TODAY.
So Laura Fitton and Dan Zarella are on the same team? That is powerful!
Today I gained a clear understanding of my personal finances. Never again, my friends. Never again.
I beg to differ
36% (40 million) of kids 3 through 19 are exposed to secondhand smoke in the US.
why thank you!
I'm down
you ok?
sure... I got like 8 stiches in it... Itll be fine:/
I think we are going to end up just driving down. I'm not sure the timing of the shuttle will work for us. See you there!
Cool -- I didn't know you were back here, obviously. :-) I already have plans tonight -- but let's make some other time soon
"YOU SERPENT WOMAN!" - Johnny Mangue 's recent "Burst The Bubble" show, which you NEED to see when it drops.
White Jeep.
Did You all have a good Valentine's Day?
haha not yet but I might be when I have to go chase them down for work
All this cleaning really sucks.
There is superstition. Another good one on #TheVoice. must have my playlist.
Did just wish happy birthday by telling Mark his first live shot was at the parting of the the Red Sea? Bahaha.
A woman looks beautiful without makeup then with it
Not ashamed to admit: writing a book is a lot more fun when that first half of the advance arrives.
Needs to get those tattoos tightened up. Getting faded on his old ass. I'd roll him.“: MIKE BIBBY!! AKA THE GREAT WHITE HOPE!!!”
Karl-Heinz Oehler @ Hertz on Analytics: "Analytics itself is just a means of getting somewhere, what I focus on is impact."
VERY TRUE
I still can't skate very well LOL I'll stick with walking!
We can return #VA to small government and sane spending but only with a #GOP Majority. Help us reach that by voting for Bill Nov 8
White pants are in
Ill make everyday feel like valentines day and sweetest day for you!!!!! Lol
Thank you, LaDonna! The flagship location is looking better each day! We can't wait until the grand opening!
"Housing is a human right." Exec Director, Mikkel Beckmen
RT : "Making LOVE to an author consists of: READING THEIR WORK, REVIEWING THEIR WORK~ THEN PASSING IT ALONG TO ANYBODY WHO...
hi! i'm doing great!
#FF the newest followers
I love Dogs always did and always will :)
Coppola sues restaurant over 'Tavola' name Francis Ford Coppola is suing the Tavola Italian Kitchen restaurant in Novato, California for
hey baby are you an overdue library book, cuz you have fine written all over you. ;) bahaahahah
": we fell in love in a hopeless place..." We FOUND love in a hopeless place
#itsabaddaywhen u forget deodorant.
Long late night walks with brenden. Decided to adventure, almost got lost
exactly 2 days tills the R5 concert im going to starts! :)
thank you for helping me get started getting people started...more on that later today
ok, thx to I'm now obsessed with learning how to write code
RT “: ninja fight top of the house...20 mins.”- you have overplayed your hand good sir. Cue TMNT music.
have fun in Santa Monica!
just ate my first gizzard. tasty.
Decisions, decisions, decisions
My moms birthday is on june i wanna do something SUPER special for her just because i love her so damn much, i need ideas thoe.
No regrets!!
I've just discovered that I have some fingering weight yarn. Didn't realize #3 thread was considered this. Cool. Now to get more for a top.
Wow, Joan Jett is playing our local fair in August. Um YES! I will be going. Sure beats terrible local yokel country bands.
are going to be really good in a couple years nice effort tonite
agreed. "web" is a far better phrasing than circle
yea lil bit
my first thought is that you should just put on a movie for her. Lol and that's why I don't have kids.
Attention: first tweet has been issued. RT : enjoyed the Kenyan "Black" from Coffee Roaster "X" this morning!
loving #bartonsprings right now!!!
Aspidistrafly's music turned my train ride into some kinda enchanted journey.
No we wern't!
Misa want hot chocolate... no hot chocolate in house. :(
enjoying a nice little chat with frank at the continental breakfast this morning while doing my laundry....i'm turning into my grandfather..
Halloween hangover
#DREAMBIG is what people say when there's already came true.
did she get strange looks from people to
Force India said they don't want to leave after dark. Who knows maybe they are running on low fuel...
Still catching up with my movie watching after being out of the country in early January. Just saw the Wrestler - another fine effort !
cleaning up right now
Stay in touch Kathy!!
Nothing like two days of kanada to make you miss nielsen, the shittiest math teacher of them all. Two days and everything is fubar
Right, but only because he failed to use him against the lefty, earlier. Francisco should've been available.
send me some shit...and let figure out how to get you out here
I know your excited
I've got an open mind on the whole thing and will be interested to see where it goes. . .
Note to self, crazy transients don't like ppl who run for exercise at night.. lucky for me I was wearing my anti-stabb wristband haha
Had a great couple of days on "Awake" and am so excited to be working the "Nick Kroll Show" tomorrow. Yay comedy!
stop tweet watchin
Why did I cut my own hair tonight?
Thanks to all the tweeters following PC!!! You guys are great!
You got it buddy, I'll definitely get started on that.
hey Kevin thanks for a great night!! Wink wink
2nd vote for
Menard could race that in PHX and still have time to stop for tea ... or Budweiser!
Giveaways coming up at 3:42, 4:01, & 4:07pm w/ for everything form dinner to Idols Live tix to your chance at a trip to Miami!!
hey thanks kaylee! you are awesome for checkin us out!!!!! keep in touch
so did my sister LOL and i think it was with the french horn kid
“: Okay You guys out did yourselves last night. Great season finale! Can't WAIT for next year!” I so agree!
thanks for the #FF!
#CompleteFuckery *I can't* :(
Nick stahl is missing? I used to have a crush on him in everything he was in.(i.e terminator 3, disturbing behavior) days. Hope he's ok:/
That's great. Just too bad I can't get any hard copies.
I've had DirecTV for far too long. Can't wait to cancel - Awful service.
Stoked! About to go pick up our limited edition order of "Don't tag me, bro" t-shirts!
<Hubby is listening to Memoirs Between Brothers while I am cooking...He luvs it..Thx! :-) Happy Turkey Day
"Incredible! And the woofer will absolutely rattle your teeth. I love that." Pastor G with his new Nexo speaker system.
Thank you!!!!<3
Is Everth going to be a big leaguer again or is he career A?
thats a thing?
