I ain't mad I'm on it up early in the mo'ning, no friends, no homies, just a dollar & a dream Aaaaaayyyyyyyeeeee fwm
Lol Yeah Nd Im Talkin To Her. But That Was It A Hug Nd Hold Point_.
Love HOA!! Cant wait till it airs
And the way to avoid criticism is to do nothing
Thanks for the RT love!
“: I think brian cells are lost by men and scientists called it pre-sperm. After all, they think with that head.”Brian Cells?
texting now
follow me please 1
I had one of them! and my little cousin has one(:
Looking forward to being a part of Streetmosphere in 2012.
Been out the military since 2000. I wonder if would declare me fit for duty in the Jamla Army?
Where did winter go? :(
Connolly is back on the ice...
things are great thanks for asking :-)
Hey errbody! If u were today in ATL & stopped by the Rogan Records tent, be sure to LIKE on Facebook!!! =)
Vikings take DB Harrison Smith
Natural user interfaces let content be the star
The last couple days of high school are them days
#MadMen lessons: Jews and Negroes make your office "modern"
yes 1 year later
See you there!
The awkward moment when a guy retweets my boobs tweet. Lmfao 😂
I love my sister Casey she is the best sister in the world
Reading docs for the next project in a Starbucks of all places...sweet "vacation"
Good morning. How's your week winding down?
Thanks!! The website ( 's creation) is pretty cool too. ;)
Home from work.. #ChillMode now
Back from Fiji/Melbourne. Great trip. Worst, weirdest jetlag ever.
and on &Park
Thanks for the shoutout -
Howdy! Es geht mir schon gut! Und dir? What level are you teaching these days? What are you guys working on at the moment?
If one man can stand tall, there will be hope for us all.
Everything moved in now, covered in 80 years worth of dust, going to take a shower and then do nothing for the next 3 days.
The dog was created specially for children. He is the god of frolic. ~Henry Ward Beecher
Our tools keep ur Company's strategic action plans focused & it serves as driving force behind operational planning & resource allocation.
Almost pos this girl just farted
Keep your head up :)
So Firefly 1st, right? And then Serenity?
Following in prep for #RioPlus20. We'll need the will and a host of technologies to meet the challenge.
what means HT
i can't wait to get back to the US and see it!!
RT : Moms & moms2B: Text “BABY” to 511411 to receive free health tips by text message
This is happening all over the United States!
Woah. I need to know.
RT : Don't forget to honor the Vets today and all they have done for our country
plays fantasy baseball? “: The combination of liquor and Altuve is not the same as being happy.”
as a fan of Foodspotting and Yelp, I can see the appeal. The trick is expanding out of NY to gain broader appeal
#dhtrial laughter from the chambers.
When the middle of your conversation looks more like the end, to him
Fort Collins with the girls tonight :)
I didnt even get that -___-
Thanks Natalie, we appreciate your support.
I revoke the smiley face from my last tweet.
RT "All nachos are served on a bed of nachos" What...? hahaha
Let us help you promote your business come visit our website @ theglobalelements.com or give us a call @ 720-542-6105 for more info!
i hate that class
hell yeah! haha i tried to tell them but they wouldnt listen :p
Me too. Getting in Friday.
RT : Anything Bristol Palin says should be instantly disregarded due to the fact that her first name is BRISTOL//& last name PALIN
Did you just see a ghost!!!! OMG !! #LarkVoorhies aka
Con’t – an afterthought: I went on iTunes.
i dont just tell me plz!!
hey folks! This is Weston from ! This is my band...hope you like it
Thank you Luther Place for becoming our 100th campaign endorser today! We look forward to working with you.
Oh my goodness . i aint been on fb in so long ! i know yall miss me ! lmfaoooooooo
Maybe you should take a seat, so I can tell you why my heart skips a beat.
Just finished 7 miles on the trail.. Operation "NO EXCUSES!!" in full effect. and Biggest Loser is serious motivation!
“: This Silver Dome story is crazy. #Maddow”
Oh, I've seen those Massachusetts "mountains."
M..bout to get some breakfast with my amazing fiancé and one of his best men. Lol. Then church!
fuckin bd kid flirting with angel
lol yeah i can see him doing that
I'm good thanks!! Just waking up and getting ready to take on today haha
I wouldnt know lol. I just retweeted it because skullgirls is sick.
I didn't get it
You have the best office in the city.
I'm not a hater, I love Justin but this is my opinion.
I will go further, and assert that nature without culture can often do more to deserve praise than culture without nature.
#TweetsByMe Love Music, That's Why We Support The #SnapshotBoys! Listen @ www.TOPSQUADENT.com! Ringtones coming soon!
Word for the day, symbiosis: A relationship of mutual benefit or dependence. Remember, you cannot always do it alone.
Hate to say it but Brett Favre is better than any option the Bears have right now.
I actually received an email from #Twitter saying it missed me.
Let's make #BREWlievers a trending topic and show our support 4 the ! Follow -->
is kicking ass in our Super Bowl pool!
the guy that runs it is taiwanese, from overland park kansas, and lives in SF. we have oddly similar tattoos!
So I think it would be really cool if you dressed up as a subway sub for halloween! :D
Ugghhhh cant sleep not at all...
What a cheap shot from wade #BeatTheHeat!!!!
Sneak preview: The Collector's Guide - Vol 25 will feature not one, but two basset hounds.
RT : Stay focused. I was so overwhelmed I zoned out and missed 1/2 of it. Did same thing at son'...
Night games>>
Ali smith at mark moore big colorful impasto
thank you for following us.
1st one up this morning, enjoying a cup of coffee & listening to the wind chimes, ah #peaceful #serenity!
"Do not be afraid to be great! Step out of your comfort zone and embrace your talents. Even through mistakes you become great!"
it's always a success when the horse you choose finishes! don't knock it!
Love this! (also, by not buying canned beans, you save a TON of sodium!)
Headlining Claremont tonight and tomorrow. 8pm and 10pm shows both nights
First regular season game in 10 days!
DON'T KEEP SECRETS FROM YOUR SPOUSE
You have no idea how excited I am to watch #TheClientList it really doesn't even feel like an hour. :]
M... Low Fat Cottage Cheese, Apple Slices and a Hard Boiled Egg! Can we say D I E T ? ?
We're excited to meet with Ron Corl Design today to discuss our custom BLD Couch & Chairs. Can't wait to take a look at the fabric samples!
Another great day.... Yay ...... Drinking myself to pure happiness tonight. F'n Grooven come join.
Sleepy. Instructor not very exciting. Not any new material.
Ha RT According to statements by the candidates, at least three Republicans have been told to run for President by God himself
"One in four Americans are RETARDED"
I was surprised that there was more about me in there than I thought prolly cuz of YouTube and tumblr Facebook etc...lol
": Corey Hart great catch! Wow! #Brewers" that's why we call him The Condor!
"Life treats you as you treat Life" , " Arms are for Hugging", "The ABC of decisions is always be deciding" --'Book; Dare To Win'
yeahh but i dont have to straiten it. But i qotta blow dry it. Uqh and i qot a lil bro too and i have to qet him ready-__-
Here's mine AC...U cheated...there's the door...& May it Hit U on the way out 4 being so bad....& that was my argument!! LOL
There's a wedding and a whole lot of jailbait in this hotel.
At the frank
it was fun! Thanks ! Don't forget: RSVP on FB to Feed Your Face After Finals may 3 ! Happy end o semester!
hahaa bro keep doin your thang on that court!
thanks for a great event last night! We'd love to work with you all again soon! : )
don't remember what our last meal was in RDU when we lived there, but last dessert was Goodberry's! Still miss it!
Dorian: "New media helps agenda-set or changes it. It changes the national conversation."
and now it stopped, lol ok.
So im in my hole...crying...and im never coming out.
I worship you.
I only received one worthy submission so far. I should probably introduce the idea on video.
can I be your Johnny Depp
Absolutely! As painful as it is this is so key.
I'm your biggest fan ! I've been asking you to follow me back for like years. So you wanna follow me back now ? (: I love you.
RT if you think school should never interfere with your passion
OMG just made the hottest, best stuffed jalepenos ever
Jealous! took me to see last time he was in town. Hilarity.
I forget. What are the hours the garage at is open to drop in & work on start up stuff?
I'm in desperate need of a good laugh...anything ridiculous happening?
1/16/2011 Boston's New Marketing Superstars: Past & Present With David Meerman Scott BostInnovation
Eliot's an asshole. It totes is.
Indeed although what they're offering now is just as good to me really, aside from the severe lack of Shingo.
“: chilling I guess she missed us” <--It has been a while..she could stay away for too long! Lol
Point, counterpart? ;)
Limbaugh is the product of a partial abortion. Everything but the heart survived...
well hello loud music, lost in game, cheap wine, relaxation and friday fucking night.
what do you want me to do! Ru ru rurururururururururun?
Trying to get rid of these pounds.
Headed to Minn. for our sons drs appt. How's everyones Friday? Hope ya'll have a good one! <3
Chris! Are you going to Phoenix in July when the boyz are?! :) I'm coming from Seattle to go!
that account has not purchased a full season subscription. It just signed up for the free preview.
A Happy 420 to all those involved!
I can always count on you 😜
Happy birthday dad!!! Your the best!
Well, Philadelphia. That didn't take long.
I look forward to big things from Too many Baltimoreans think its OK to throw their trash wherever they want.
Hey there fans! We've set up a special discount for you. 'Reply' if you want in and I'll give you the hook up!
M&A Tip of the Day- The prevailing 12 months are the most important when it comes time to value your company...
maybe he's just upset with the poor quality glitter.
I want some freeze dried ice cream!
wanna do a really awkward book club?
I bring class to the new school, but keep the lessons of the past.
hello hello!
Later I liked you when you were mean.
My fave PDX food cart is the Grilled Cheese Bus!
The Philippines becomes a member of the Permanent Court of Arbitration (effective September 12, 2010). See PCA website.
dude with the three off-leash german shepherds roaming in downtown parks is making cville feel more like mexico & easing the re-entry pains.
Now, seriously. Arden admits she's actively escalating her equanimity by averting her eyes.
blah blah
Not a stalker. Just a theatre fan.
Happy holiday <3
are u sick or what ?
RT : DTownThreads setting up at Cobo for the 2012 NAIAS. Looks like this year's show is going to be great!
when I grow up I want boobs like that.
I would be very happy with win over the Rangers to split the series.
Lancaster TX founded by settlers that founded my hometown, Lancaster,KY. They got hit by tornado years ago.destroyed Town Sq. Sad
is dope
The cord to the dish is strung over my door! It's like a redneck archway into my kingdom!
Congrats 2 the San Diego St Aztecs on winning the 2010 Poinsettia Bowl. Gr8 gm! Very good 2010 season. Can't wait 'til nxt season! ;)
Time to get in some exercise with one of my many Jillian Michaels dvds then off to tutoring kids in math!
welcome sweetie
OH MY GOD. ": Rihanna has confirmed that if she isn't up to going to a award ceremony, she sends her lookalike Lorraine Star."
that's incredible. Way cooler than what I was thinking!
I think you mean golden girls hahaha
Stuffing a handful of mini Milky Ways in your mouth is NOT the same as a caramel latte. In case you wondering.
I feel like I haven't seen a flip phone in aaaagees
Do you like rhubarb? Try our Rhubarb Rocks Cocktail: Lemon juice, Rhubarb Jam, Captain Morgan, Limoncello
My friend, whose student was shot in her classroom a couple of months ago, is here. She looks good. I feel relieved.
not anymore :)
We need to go from industrial model to one based on agriculture: human flourishing means we create conditions, not demand outcomes
I'll just make and eat some bacon instead.
Yo Scott! What hotel do you recommend for Nerdtacular?
I just love your tweets!! Haha
IF I go... I got you! Lol
Keep your head up! You still have an amazing career ahead of you!
#Health issues even cancers of abdominal area are linked to long festering #anger & resentment. #Forgiveness & #CreativeWriting = +
Unfortunately I thought it looked somewhat more masculine, if you catch my drift...
#IdLikeToKnow Why guys think its cute for your underwear to be showing. Please grow up, put the spiderman boxers away, and buy a dang belt!
Thnx for reading! MT : Thank you for your great article on the doubts we all have of 's "intentions"...
wat channel is dat on rite now?
totally feel like it.
Getting my eyebrows done. Watch out fierce dive coming thru~
It's strange watching the storm damage of #STL and on every national news station. Praying for all of those effected by the storm
Did you say "Galt"? I seriously want to see that.
Project x the movie ( that shyt was fuqcking insan ) EL DIABLOOO!!, bitches everywhere ;)
Amanda Knox appeal is OVERTURNED! Found guilty of slander, not murder. Free at last!
Not happy this morning that voters in OH chose to continue to reward mediocrity and sub-par performance
I know right? It was a proud mom moment for me..
For my birthday I want sonny with a chance season 1!! That show cracks me up!
Live on
Well, it's not exactly my hands (which have never been long and artistic LOL). Just base of fingers. Weird.
Watching , cheetah girls ((:
#FF my go to guy for all things
Back in KY after a week in Florida. I'm not ready for reality.
#IGotNoRespectForYou If You Ever Say You Hate Your Mom.
If you fall asleep in pajama pants you will dream about walmart
I feel lonely.. I have no one talk to.. How is everyone??
thats my schedule too aha
You should :D
Lumpy, for sure! RT #hyperlib just ate my 3rd serving of thanksgiving! Do u like lumpy or creamy mashed potatoes?
ITS #JERZDAY CAN'T FUCKINGGGGG WAIT
Neighborhood all dark. No power and its hot! Wonder who to sue.
Ask yourself.... can you dance??
“: I plan on putting eggs all around the nursing home to lure in new quilters...”
This enormous and slightly terrifying biker guy just gave me a lecture about how plastic bags take 3000 years to break down. I just...what?
Vince Kidd. Everyone look him up on the youtube.
nice you're going to his hard rock show in Orlando too?
still has some of the most beautiful eyes out of anyone else that I know. Just thought I'd share that lol
#Rockies rotation in shambles. Guthrie and Chacin on DL. Pomeranz leaves game limping on bruised knee. Best SP has AARP card.
lol! ok i didnt mean the whole picture, but the economy and the stock market does fluctuate every day without any expectancy.
Ah...yes. Paid attendance. Well played #orioles. Well played
(Stop it mother please) You need to know your station, Roman Some alterations on your clothes and your brain ( get me out of here mother)
I also have 2 other accounts-Check me & . BAM!
We're honored to be going to the #VA Public Relations Awards Ceremony tonight!
Still can't pull the trigger on a personal fb page, but it's time for me to get more involved in social networking. Here goes nothin'...
fact: I have no game.
In sneak peek, Squire says Germantown Town Hall may be part of 2013 fest. cc:
All things are possible.
Straight like that
I am so calling it a night.! im off.
Follow or get unfollowed for follow back
RIP jose perez!! This is not a goodbye, its an "until we'll see each other again"
Still tryin to book show up north, tough going
Just tripped over myself walking down my neighbors driveway in flip-flops. Bad choice. My knee is seriously going to hate me tomorrow.
Why hello 80 degree weather. How I've missed you
someone text me
I love this weather, but want the 70 degree #Dallas weather back, please
“even those at the top would do better with a smaller share of a rapidly growing economy than with a larger share of an anemic one” R.Reich
its not true unless there is picture proof!
im disappointed it wasn't by you.
Im patiently waiting for Zimmerman to say Trayvon came to his home w/a gun. He said Trayvon circled his car right.
Q 2 Gurry #InternetSociety Is preventing me from sharing content I paid for w/ 2 friends more important than my privacy or right to use Net?
Happy Gain Weight Day!
Doing art historian drag today, teaching a photo and a video class. Excited to teach some of my fave feminist queer and poco/afam artists.
He draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument. -- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
get your ass here then
Thanks for the welcome!
Nice. I just did shots w/ Gerald Laird. Lives are complicated.
RT : CAUGHT IN THE SQUEEZE BETWEEN FAST FOOD AND CASUAL DINING,
Nice tasting at #Worldwide - some amazing #Italian wines, finally tasted #sassicaia. Not sure if it was THE wine but awesome
New medical evidence suggests that constantly retweeting other people's compliments may lead to blindness.
I'll definitely check out those acts. Thanks :)
Fuckin' What About Bob. That movie still makes me gut-laugh and snort. Don't hassle me. I'm local. ;)
"get out of here, birds. get out of here, you sky rats. go back to hell where you belong." -nick, new girl. much?
how are you gentlemen this evening?
A child's bottom, the weather in April, and Brandon League are not to be trusted.
I am fucked up
Must remember to drink more water when I work. I get into the job and forget about all else. Must be love.
Available on Beatport Dec. 14th. Raoul Zerna-Love The Things You Do and Damien-Boogie Beats vol.1 log on to: www.defunkmusic.com
how is the filming biz going? Have you finished the Kamara documentary?
Time to get all gassed up on espresso.
So tired that I left my iPad on a #southwestairlines #swa plane. They called within 30 mins and assured me it was safe.
Sorry for your loss. I would be absolutely devastated if my dog passed. #RIPAngel much love <3
i know i've asked this before but, do i smell good?
At school in the band room. This is the best place ever! Guitar time! :D do u play guitar?
We had a blast at our Howl-o-ween bash last night. Congrats to the winners! Photos to come. Share yours on our Facebook page!
Any1 not busy want 2 text chat with me,send text to 2675882938,only normal rates apply
I'm in vegas this weekend. Gimmie your lucky number for the roulette table tonight hun.
When making the impossible possible, failure is inevitable. And failure is not the end, but a sign that we've managed to surpass ourselves.
Home bound!
Im going to start
Awewwwwwww..... “: I’m not “adorkable” but I might be a little “awwwtistic.””
oh snap it's gettin real huh
Delicious Trouble = carefree attitude, childhood fun, relaxing more than usual, doing something that scares you, flirting with life
Softball for like 3 hours now...
Our Double Strength Toffee Chocolate Bar has 120mg THC, >5mg CBD, & >5mg CBN. It is made with 70% S. American Cocoa.
#scarythought MY MOM IN A BIKINI *shudders*
I know right!!!! I though Friday would #NEVER come 😱
Game Day!
Outsourcing your accounts receivables to another company, frees up your resources to focus on more productive activities such as selling.
OMG I cn't believe Steve Jobs hs left our world. This guy hs made lots of significant contributions 2 human evolution & will be sadly missed
*Justin Show Us Jerry* Alfredo: 'CODE PURPLE' - Jeremy: 'This better not be about my son.' - Pattie: ' Bible quote.' Justin: 'hi jerry' DEAD
let's recap the weekend: MU, MAVS, Chiefs all lose. is our only hope. let's do it, sporting!
I hate seeing my coggie sad :( but i know she can get through anything anyone puts her through #loveyou ❤😘
is there anywhere on the web to watch the winter classic for free?
Happy Birthday Enjoy your 19 years on the planet, and hope your day rocks your socks off!
RT : How can Lakers, after this incredible effort, have anything left for a rested OKC team in 48 hours, w travel included?
starting his talk "Discovering our Models"
Sorry you can't make it. I'll post slides to Moodle later.
follow back?
Please feeling the need for a laugh
just found out Everclear is the strongest alcohol....95%. i don't think i even wanna try that!
Borges imagined the Library of Bable because there was no internet in his time.
wat u mean
I'm still getting used to it!
wow, thats fast. btw: she was also waving to the camera, the cameraman supposedly is her BF and she was on phone with him waving?
You da BOSS
Spam SHOULD stop now. Let me know if it doesn't.
Whoo-whoo! I LOVE owls - almost to the point of it being embarrassing. Loved your piece - very sweet. :)
I know exactly what's is going on haha... Well what yur talking about;)
Hello and happy holidays to our new followers!
plazeks a better friend...
where are you going to be in chicago this weekend :D<3
Just heard on the news about the Code for Good hackathon that has been working on! Good job Josh, very proud of you!
you're in Ohio. Drive to Buffalo and let's gamble!
I'm on my way!!! RT “: Meeting for lunch and I'm actually on time! That's a first! Lol”
Rest in Hell, JoPa.
I just tweet it! ^.^
is it sick that I look back on that day with great fondness?
single point :O AEX Tech Tips Episode 3: Installing a Single Point Sling Loop
If you are at IMTA say hi to 's own ! He's in Los Angeles all week!
Hi! I loved Shakeology too but it was too expensive for me as well. I switched to a less expensive shake.
So bored! At least im getting paid but ugh boooooooooorrrrrreeeeeddddd
Public person who made hateful statements. Glad she owned mistake but criticism is warranted. Aware I'm far from perfect, honey.
Bummer! Well, I'm oscillating between yoga and running. We'll see which one wins my heart.
is bullying a problem in your school? have you ever been bullied? tune into Nick News Oct 3rd EST for "Sticks, Stones & Cyberslams"
lol where u at
Does your Twitter icon have a red x over Altoona? lol Just noticed that.
What a weird day its been...
So ready for summer
isn't it a pity when they aren't... Joel Blanco isn't either (one of my former professors)
Get your Sunday afternoon drink on ===> HEY I heard your Pre & Post Intervention Parties were off the hook (via )
I feel your pain.
It's National Margarita Day! Bust out your blender & order some fajitas! Fajitas & ritas m. Perfect mid-week treat!
#Smallbiz starting off in social media, suggest you use a virtual social manager to respond to your fans
Hoping and praying tonight for the kids in the accident and their families. Holliston st is dangerous, gotta drive safe.
Congratulations to for reaching 100 shares in the #christmasforthesenators contest! All the Senators are getting the book!
thats mind twisting
send them all to me, #25AttractiveOutdoorGirls, those that live in or near Seattle receive preference
Girls Who Give Head Are SUPER Cool...
thanks for the retweet last week. What's new with you?
3 1/2 for me. Yeah, dragging a little bit at work today...
Who else can't wait till the iPhone 5?
Do everything with everything that you are. Give it your all, always.
misses Bowden but loves Jimbo. We're all striving for a superior football team.
<<- follow, new twitter of quotes.(;
You look adorable today!!!!! (; <3333
Weird.. some guy just gave me half of a peace sign.
i am a sexy toe with a lot of swag, oh wait that toe is yours ;) #yee lol
I love your tweets! #inspiration RT be wiser today than you were yesterday.
This kid said he bodied the moment for life track . Heard it & almost died laughin .
link me to the actress in new york.
I was thinking the same thing.. ..beginning to think I was the only one that didnt know about it.. Thanks
Apple Fritters 😍
you at work?
Five Biggest Draft Busts for the Indianapolis Colts: Fan&#39;s Take
Saw you in okc tonight! You were amazing- Keep up the good work!
NEED A BF
Wow, some dum um called me 6x in the middle of the night. She lost her phone and was calling the wrong number. Good luck there.
We should just ask each other what we struggle with , hold hands n pray n interceed for each other. Check up weekly on their deliverance
#Browns ain't an option anymore who would want the #Sanchize ?
If he tweets you back, I will literally die!
Great time at Smash Burger today w/ McCabe/Gamer. Never been there before. It is a great hamburger to have. THX Calling All Sports TEAM.
Minute 12 of attempt to download single law review article via Amtrak wifi. "16 minutes remaining" according to laptop. Slow
None of them....all over rated especially jay z.
Goodnight peeps! :)
Gripedoctor is sick today maybe a few shots of patron will help. GRIPE ABOUT YOUR DAY AT >GRIPEABOUTIT.COM <
I love you too :) hehe and let me drive, not Jp. He can't drive for his life seriously haha
Arnold J (EWHC) rules in KCI Licensing v. Smith & Nephew case concerning validity and infringement of patent claims: [2010] EWHC 1487 (Pat).
The new collection is almost ready for debut - sneak peak at what we have in store tomorrow at The Social
RT : #truth When ur swagg is turned off or on God will still be there!
Must be CSN because ours is terrible, too. Also, #BHLDN is looking to hire a wedding decorations designer - apply!
lol! what?! RT Knock Romney and Santorum's heads together and scream "Moon!"
and if my picks do well i can help you and in return i get some money. Hopefully you give me just 1 chance and Respond bak. Thanks
#feminismLIS interesting.1900 Paris Fair had v.restricted space 4 librarians exhibit-ALA NYSLS organized
No worries! Have a wonderful weekend.
that looks deelicious, yum!
I hate u. So much n I MEAN it
I always thought Hollywood was all Seminole but I'm pretty sure they have a place there, too.
Great dinner last night! Audrey was an outstanding server and the food was, as always, amazing!
FACT: video games reached perfection in 1991
now do u believe me.
It's not bed time yet.....still need 2 finish a lot of things ....def coffee time !!!
You bet!
i see your inpatient and couldnt wait for the 2nd tweet. The same rule annie told u in bed applies here too, quick isnt good.
Q25 we have a cow one and OMG it's beautiful!!!
awe my little whore
Don't get it twisted: Commercials for Broadway Shows are still local commercials.
TheAllINeed's Thank you for the follow. Am happy to
you know where you staying next semester?
Test drive all the social media platforms before you start advising on them
Thanks for coming out! RT Early morning tree planting with and
2 days! we are getting excited to help you celebrate. Hope the weather is beautiful Saturday!
so beautiful! I love LA
#Rapunzel ends and the real fun begins!!! Eating, Sword Fighting, Dancing, Face Painting, Mask Making, Watching Magic Show, and MORE!!!
No, Main is the euphemism for shit! Gold is the word for MONEY!
Stay Original, Stay Authentix.
"Why should actors attend Actorfest?" Attend top notch workshops, meet casting directors & have an excuse to catch a show in NY
me too!
my glass is always half full, but it's best when it's wine in the glass!!
Doesn't sound good if the "Secret" service was "Forced Out"...
I think we have a winner. :-) RT "No, I STRENUOUSLY object....."
Thanks for follow me back. Your music is fantastic. <3<3<3
we had one that sang all through the night just before the last big rainstorm. Wikipedia explains nightsinging.
Aw wow! Thank you so much!! Do you play too? Noticed the guitar in your avatar.
Shout out to the #V6M team great stuff last night!... stoked about the possibilities!!
please let me hear from you tomorrow around 5,oo pm and i will reply to you sexy thing thank you
Just got a text from my wife stating that she's hanging out at the Nada Surf sound check. Meanwhile, I'm home with 3 kids. How do I feel?
My #diablos need to hang on!
Texas :D
so of course you will go back to the titles being won and the past bcuz of whats going on now. bitter?
#rawrrrrrr LIKE LIKE!!
yo duder! Can you hang out today?
lol it's fine! :P thanks for the follow though! :) <3
Ha! I was leaning that way, too.
When you change the way you look at things the things you look at begin to change.
thanx bro for the inspiration & for being a positive role model for all! You have alreadybroken barriers!Iwillalwayssupport
OMG! Love your guys' songs. Soo amazing musicians and singers. COLD
Is u really proud of ur lifestyle 4real?...
To protect and serve one
Too much #math for me today already...
Watching the production videos of "The Hobbit" on It's good to be back on Middle Earth!
2012: Come At Me, Bro. 1869: Come Towards Thy, Son of Father.
WHY DO THEY DO THIS TO ME. FDUHSUIJDH7EH7F8IOXCUD7E82 LE CRYS
I'm out and about today. Find me and scan me!!
Have a great trip.
Let's start a school together.
Q has to make coaching changes due to special teams.
A Ranger player just fell down so the Rangers fans are up in arms wanting a penalty for one of their angels
Thx for the feedback. Just looking to recognize local companies. Print's only part of what we do these days
YOUR VOICE, OMG OMG OMG. FLAWLESS. JUST PERFECTION LEA.
A couple more estimates to get out for this week, then its time to enjoy the weekend!
Wondering if I should take my pink glitter nail polish off for my interview??
where you playing today?
I can't believe Justin hit #20millionbelibers today. That is so amazing. <3
ah he was fucking stunned
RT Having sex is the way a #Leo releases stress.
Abo to get this money this morning!
Important families are like potatoes. The best parts are underground.
Just chillen with my rickisss huh
missing the AMA's but I wish and good luck at the show... you're amazing no matter what <3
Well You Know. ;D
Doing very well, considering! Minimal pain, a few bumps in the road, nothing that can't be overcome
I just heard somebody use the phrase "Merchbox" in conversation.
Thanks! I know this will sound random but I remember the boy liking Aang, the main character from Avatar: The Last Airbender.
Did any of my librarian Tweeps participate in World Book Night? How did it go?
going on my telephone
nope. No pan
Anyone at the #RossMorganRager?
"Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until your value your time, you won't do anything with it." - M. Scott Peck
There is a beautiful full moon out tonight. My mom is smiling on us..
Good evening ladies. Glad to be here.
I'm already taxed more than I make! :(
But RPI has the Dawgs at 54 this year compared to USC's 67 last year. It feels like anything could happen.
gonna be all kinds of huge! I'm back to work this afternoon after a couple of days off... can't wait to get crackin' on Brew Crew
NYT has apparently disabled monthly article limits, presumably to enable unfettered access to updates re: Hurricane Irene. Kudos to them.
what are we having for dinner tonight now there is a run on Haloumi cheese?
RT Awesome RT : Yes of course!! RT : Have you voted "YES"? Tell the world #icheckedyes for...
My bracket is toast, time to sit back and enjoy the rest of the games!
Hahaha, well we all did it at one point or another...
Sex and the City is my Goddess.
confused or you're on the island lost?
Simplicity we use to survive......
I went to NMSU back in the 1980s. Such great memories, mostly of Taos Cafeteria. Follow me back!
Thanks for following! :)
In a Cookie Monster voice: COOOOOOOOKKKKKIIIEEE!! - Mom (cc )
All these words that I say are the words I wanted to hear from you to me.
Thanks, please invite us to get involved next time!
"No one asks questions anymore - Just google it!" from FB
I can never get a tweet or RT from Bruno...his just playing hard to get lol
For the first time?
Re-Tweet Giveaway! Whoever is the 20th RT of my NEXT message gets a DISCOUNTED #Resonate2012 Registration
Hell Yeah!!! (in my white girl voice)
Dude there are elite prospects available that fit Browns needs. Insane to take a flyer on a mistake prone QB that high.
I'm waiting for the right girl when will she come?
I've opened up my Summer 2012 calendar and am ruminating on the summer's schedule. This tweet contains a clue to my ideas.
dis main said jordan scored 81 points
I know right I couldn't stop laughing! I found it on tumblr it's so true! :'D lmao
The weak always try the passive and whisper out the presence of the strong. God hasnt given fear, if your His you will address ppl directly.
i cant wait for the Olympics. i like the Olympics.
aw thanks bby. RT : I think the best line I've ever written is, "You can be my Monica, I'll be your Bill." Sweet poetry.
I need someone different, and we both know it.
Cough medicine and Claritin D, please start working :(
this sample beat came out dope..
RT : Acclaimed Friends
Sorry mam just cuz you been waiting 25 min for a (every) 30 min bus doesn't mean it's 25 min late. You need 2 learn how 2 read schedules.
I'm at midtown for both shows tonight.
i like it
what is John Elway's offical #Twitter account under ?
That's dope, great style
Dogwood is my favorite venue so far - another rockn band folks shakn a tail feather here in Austin, TX - whoot!
Yeah buddy! RT : Time for the #noontimeworkout with and
Thinking Where I should play my new songs??? Hm. Suggestions and or Thoughts.
I can, definitely. I'm not sure when I'll be able to get to uploading it though with the laundry list of song I have. :( Soon!
lol ikr??? speaking of, did you see WHO tweeted earlier this week?!?! :D
Waking up at this time and still not wanting to get out if bed = my extreme laziness 😌
Thankful its the weekend and looking forward to rest...
Always remember and please don't ever forget what really matters in life and stay on the path to achieve it!
I completely understand.
Wake up wake up wake up its tha 1st of tha month get up get up is on Ellen today!
err. groin injuries are one of those you cringe to see - unless its real minor, they can be a nagging injury easily.
Nothing like having a discussion about mortality with a 5 year old at 7:30am to kick off your day.
Reading is like going to church. Such wisdom.
- without a shadow of a doubt. starting the upload to our server shortly.
Should've held my ground. I could've been redeemed. For every second chance that changed it's mind on me.
Aaaaaaaahhhhhh. Shaking right now.
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll be able to do things you want to do!
I have a headache because #operationsweetleaf is... well... a smelly operation
Duhigg: In creating new habits, greater difficulty & intermittent rewards can be v effective & those r 2 things books do v well
Kayla just made me want some culvers.
RT I'm praying for everyone who's lost a mother or mother figure. Be great and make them proud
RT : Happy Birthday!!! >Thank YOU sweetie!!! Can't wait to see Pics from Bday party tomorrow:)
Is recharging the batteries for a good songwriting session later. Hopefully we'll have some new tunes soon!
Watch "Stand Your Ground law in Florida is a 'classic case' of NRA lobbying, money and pressure" on YouTube...
Our $10 Fried Chicken & Beer combo is finger lickin' good.
Um thank you
Roenicke pinch hits for a position player for the 2nd time this inning. Does he realize we're not still in interleague play?
thanks for sharing, Eva!
Verse by verse, nobody protects you from spiritual mayhem like the lord.
How about we stop paying attention to whether its the GOP or Democratic Party. Come up with a plan. Whoever has the best plan wins.
Jimmy Carter: humankind has to say that war comes last peace comes first
Hey Dinoso, are you riding on the roof of a semi? Grin
Yes-Moon was full and very low in the sky when I dropped the kids at daycare today. We spent a minute looking at it. Very cool
Smiling is how Angels Tweet! Its why infants smile so much.
I gotta say... Flacco did his thing!!
no one talks trash about j crew. no one.
totally ... How does it look?
I really need some workout motivation right now
Life is good! Make it a great day!!!
Turns out my agency's Administrator rode along in the limo w Pres to small biz round table at Taylor Gourmet today. Said the limo rides ruff
#selfishteachers also. He didn't even let me pick he just pushed the mountain dew button
New this week: boomerangs, spider legs, and a few small things: www.midcenturymobler.com
Zucotti Park eviction, #SOPA controversies, Penn State...
One of my favorite authors, Robert B. Parker died the other day. I will miss his writing.
On way to #MillerParkOpener with Here begins the road to NL supremacy!
Congrats, Liz! SO great to see you on there and you look stunning :)
I am boarding the Boredem Train!!! AL ABOARD!!!!!
I LOVE BTR's new cd Elevate!!! It's so amazing
I hate girls who hit on my boyfriend. How the fuck would they feel if someone did that to theirs?
She's fine. I'm happy again. I would hate to kill a ladybug...
Tequila School with Herradura! Tomorrow at 7 PM!
Thanks for Liking the Fan Page. Can't accept anymore friends on Profile so stay connected with me here. Wicked!
: Artisan Batiks: Elementals
ugh. im thinking each one a diff color, two colors (every other nail), or just a happy color.
I love how me and dog are just chillin while she is in the shower
A sweet gift: buy or create a personalized plate and bake some of your favorite cookies-wrap in cellophane and add a big bow.
Shout outs for all the recent love. Thanks!
erase my life
Been to yet? Buy a raffle ticket for a chance to win a $25 gift card! Thanks for the donation, Peter!
I seriously don't know if my contact is stuck up in my eye somwhere, or if I lost it. ??? What do you think?
modern family. Ambien sleep walking turned into sleep clowning. Dressing up in full make up and garb. Hysterical
Good to have you!
excited to come and join your crew!
Nancy Grace from HLN is the most annoying person on tv. She's so stupid she doesn't even know wtf she's talking about. #howdoyouhaveashow?
so i'll probably fail hahaha
the ultimate compliment...thank you so much for the shout out!! Come to Blue Bar tonight at 7!!!
#GirlsWithNoAss no sarcasm im really sorry :) dead ass no pun intended
Interesting problem -- like an expansion of the old problem of text editions.
3 run HR for Adam Jones gives the Os a 9-6 lead in the top of the 17th
I love you guys for accepting a bum like me. I am really looking forward to it.
Happy Friday to you too!
Get excited...RT : Excited for the deal we're announcing tomorrow. Unique & first. 2 things I like in celeb/brand partnerships
"i hope you dance" by: lee ann womack!
Back into the studio I go wit Todd2 Rob Legend & King Kryst.
see you on Thursday!!
This is random but... do you like Bananas on toast! :P If you've never had it its AMAZING! :D
When u have true inner beauty it shines from within and makes ur outer beauty shine that much brighter! Focus on the inside!
ALL THE NORTHSIDE BITCHES STAY IN THE PROJECTS OR IN SECTION 8
I think my daughter just flexed on me? Smh
just LC unfortunately. I wish!
surprise u dont know... u gonna know soon ;) loll look at austin's tweet
Another diff from FL vs. K.C. The bag girl asked me if I need help taking my groceries to the car.
And I should add, I live across the street from the Neon Museum. Still, my #BurlyCon -addled eyes demand MORE neon!
Why can't I impress you...
so ready for bed...goodnight!!
I think I'd rather be told I have cancer (again) than hear about an ACL tear on Mo. Seriously. I'm more prepared for that than for this.
How are things going? Every time I see you post it seems like you are doing something else new. You must stay very busy.
I'm really sorry, Maria. I'm thinking of you and your family.
Our body dumps acidic wastes through urine, perspiration, and breathing out carbon dioxide.
anytime. c:
Hon trademark. My take. Yous ain't got no sense at all.
Think of three things you are proud of. Please share.
yea! So now I'm looking for a purse ta snatch.
SO VERY SORRY TO HEAR THAT JEN MY CONDOLENCES GO OUT TO YOU. AGAIN SO SORRY YOUR IN MY PRAYERS GODBLESS
Does anybody else think the gurl in the T Mobile commercial is sexy?
I love when people tweet me about how they like my tweets it makes my day :)
maybe ? Uhh u mean yes I will give u some kayla
My website got 10 page views in Germany today..?
Hey me too! RT : Just minutes away from going to the best damn party in the land...Probably won't remember this msg in the morning..
I need to rent it!
It's weird when people place the comma in the wrong place in their verbal sentences... if that makes sense.
Today, a first: I met an unpleasant, snippy employee at #LAX. Who knew they existed?
": I just wanna take my time and do you right (;"
I had a pet ball python I forgot to shut its tank at night..That morning it was gone and my mom woke up screaming..yeah xD
I think the word sexy is trashy and doesnt shoe respect to girls what do you think ?
Good night ♡
Yay new followers!!! Remember you can get an exclusive FREE download of song 'Girl I Used To Know' on their facebook page!
we're just a bunch of college grads being spontaneous! Opinion columns, good music, insightful videos and media/tech content!
may the odds be ever in your favor.
me too, hope the e cig helps! Going 4 days strong!
The deadline was extended today to 12/28/11 at 5 pm.
Hold on one second... Now what is in the punkin' brew?
Anyone have any money down on Pacquiao vs. Margarito??
. With Agnes at kidney specialist. May not make it back in time for show. Our apologies.
That was a great fight. So was Trinidad vs Vargas
We have to ask ourselves: did Apple's success with the iPhone set the framework for all smartphones? Can you not have an app screen?
2 months in and I am still loving Oneiric
I just watched "Dear Zachary," which is possibly the saddest documentary ever recorded.
i was really looking forward to cougar! But Mountain lion!? Way too long and not sexy at all.
yes! just retweeted some images
going to go watch my sister play soft ball i hope she wins
eboni says she misses you too
Yeah, I, I know it's hard to remember The people we used to be It's even harder to picture That you're not here next to me
You got no soul, you're made of stone
Headed to BIGFest 2011 @ Cheatham St. Warehouse in San Marcos, TX - we play @ 9:30 tonight!
Be sure to tune into Oxy's as he tweets his experience this Sunday.
Sex with my Ex
My 9 yr. old gymnast broke her arm at practice last night. Pretty bad break, too. <sigh> Parenting hurts sometimes.
I don't know what a #RossMorganRager may be but I think I want in...
i miss you honey. hope you're having a good night on set. see you soon!
Thanks for the follow
I am!:) Thank you:). It was pretty good, but didn't really taste like enchiladas.It had low fat biscuits instead of tortillas
you've certainly helped me identify one! Nice usage of capitalization by the way.
I'm not sure what to make of what Lowry did. I mean 6 months for that that!? I expect he gets the $1000 fine.
you know I love this. Dress for you.
Thanks for the mention, Brooks!
think/visualize Amber Rose Brittney Spears Demi Moore. IMHO it doesn't, I equate it w/Confidence. Confident is Sexy!
I thought that song called John said "Barry me like John lenin" hah but it's "remember me like John lenin" my bad lol
Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to draw blood in its defense.
Of course! I see you're a fellow Wahooligan. Take a look at our new app, RAVN Events. Easy way to find killer events in C-Bus!
I have a hard time with him in Once Upon A Time (but I don't really watch it).
Leave it to the subject of #walkergate. To abuse a state agency, illegally coordinate with his campaign and release made up jahb numbers.
What goes around comes back around...
I learned!Drops of Jupiter on guitar!
Taking a nice walk on the lakefront with three great friends
We are always getting ready to live but never living
Goin 2 graduation ! So happy for everyone who made it !
yes! I thought it was amazing. :) she's so hilarious, which is great considering the topics she normally writes about.
Could be worse. At least you don't have 6 hours to go! Can't you watch some tourney games or something?
Found the question! Tennis skirts typically have ball pockets.
Anyone but Barrett scores there.
OMG. Your "Better Together" cover = BEAUTIFUL. Do more music like that in the future, please<3 Love all of it though. :)
Lol, I must be in a great mood today, I just called my teacher beautiful.
Running erronds and more planting later today. Its good to have the day off.. Got to try and work time for Fur Ball I guess...
you did?. What did the Queen dreaam of the King?... I miss her soo soo much I knt stand not being with her uqqh
heh. Not much of a showing. Kane getting kicked out at the end? Yikes. I would have enjoyed playing CHI in the 2nd rd.
Ivan Johnson.
shut up lol
Have they started showing a Christmas Story, for 24hrs yet, can't wait....and no BB guns!
so great to see you! Can't wait to see what happens next!
THIS SATURDAY: Besto Pesto will be sold at the Laurel Farmers Market, 4215 MacArthur Blvd, 10AM to 2pm. See you there!
Thanks for the recommedation...we have the best locale on the block!
If you have tears, prepare to shed them now. William Shakespeare
Haii!! there :D
Looking for a place to watch the #Badger game tonight, you should go to They're showing it on their big movie screen!
I wish I was there and could get a shake :(
DRG deserved to win, but the fact everyone is starting to use infestors so much scares me :\
Where did you get your favorite swimsuit?
I wish someone could fart , soo i can laugh.
I live in the power of now my actions now will determine my future
Over lunch yesterday had a great talk with a hbb'er and how she is switching gears from one business to another; good neworking; more later.
Dave fallow Justin back he is
I liked the Iron Man movies. This was at least as good. It was better than the 2nd Hulk (the 1st was abysmal). Haven't seen Thor
Back the premiership! Get in #ncfc crack out the mustard!
What did I do?
or chutchui creek, that's a better name
Finding a girl that can keep on all her clothes and still be attractive is truly a miracle now a days.
Bubba ftw! Great shot!
Heat index 105+ degree, I'm surprised that I havent killed myself in weather
also, have you had any problem accessing the STA site? It is giving me an error today and won't display.
NBC&#39;s &#39;30 Rock&#39; rocks out with live episode
20 years ago today Jeffrey #Dahmer was arrested in Mke. Can't believe it has been that long. Thanks to Lady Di for reminding me.
SO AGREE ABOUT HUNGER GAMES!!
“: What's something fun in NY on a Saturday night when your alone” fuck me that's fun babe
what kind is that?
I'm disappointed. No. We'll have to leave that one in suspension, for now...
tweeting lol c:
Thanks for the RT imagine you love the Little Prince :)
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.rb
Forgot onions! Went to 2 neighbors 2 borrow & came home w/ not only onions but mug of hot cocoa from 1 & a bowl of homemade soup from other
voice is dominating the tracks on 96.7 Las Vegas' only #edm radio station. She need to come perform here someday!
I'm amazed that my work entails zombie makeup & zombie conversations always lead to talking about world problems and politics.
Awesome job by Joel and Bas for our team.
Love your column. Bench cam newton for Carson Palmer this weekend?
thank you!
Drink every time Ben professes his love to the Matterhorn.
Gorgeous guitar music coming from the building next to our HQ right now...Hello, perfect almost summer day.
And as if you needed another reason to follow : cool books as her background image.
is tweeting from Developmentally Appropriate Practice rm 102a
You know what's kinda cool but kinda not? So, I can post something up here (like my mixtapes question) and get more responses outside of...
As hip hop artists in Pittsburgh it's understood that its every msn for himself. Good thing we never depended on anyone...
Schlage LiNK Wireless Keypad Entry Lever Lock Starter Kit System ...
Having #g2b12 withdrawal already. So much fun!
My Recipe to Happiness! #Uplift RT Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher. -Oprah
Feels so good to be back home...
What??? I didn't hear about that!
Anybody have tickets for jets opening game with Dallas for sale let me know .
: oh wait. I remember.
I got my clothes from Hollister, and i'm dressing up tomorrow. Have a nice sleep everyone!(:
So daman sauced with
follow us on facebook and twitter
Now time for #TheLakeShow to steal game one from OKC! Let's go!!!
you might be in luck...
If you don't run your own life, somebody else will. -John Atkinson
Magellan Midstream Announces First-Quarter Financial Results, Increases 2012 Distributable Cash Flow Guidance
have you read hunger games? Haha idk why but you remind me of peeta :)
makes perfect sense
Listening to and Mark Cohn Walking in Memphis is on. One of my all time fave songs.
ALL YA GOT TO GO OFF IS MY AVI HUH......
#wheniwas14 i was making beats!! not making sextapes!!
Wed trivia: How long is a goldfish's memory? Answer at noon.
Heading to Kuala Lumpur with and it's 20% discount. not to bad
I can't concetrate .-.
so man lookin for the same to
Fridays: pets up for adoption here at WAND! Just had the cutest 3 y/o poodle mix on named Gumdrop. So tempted to adopt another...
#fridayreads Man of Constant Sorrow by Ralph Stanley and Monster Fire at Minong by Bill Matthias
The cats out of the bag now!
I might! How do you know it's first?
Ill get it for you;D
that awesome moment when you've finished ironing out all the creases in a project
Felix looking pretty good, still gotta pick up a RB this week
Congratulations to Keong Sim for having his series "Monday Mornings" picked up by TNT! Way to go!
On my birthday may 12 my friend Tony Pasko's record releases.thats the same day Jimmi Hendrix released are you experienced.back in the 60s!
Why do we always end up at a drag show.?
Wow can you be any slower
Wow. I should have watched the Rangers game tonight.
“: Woot's business model is a prime example of loss aversion. Very true. I lose sleep during every Woot-off. #idea10”
Congrats on the new addition! Best wishes to your family and get well soon.
On this 2K
The convo me & Kourtney just had >>>>
thank you for the mention awesome
Merry Christmas! 🎅
what tour(s) are you going on next weekend? I am thinking Golden Gate Heights.
If it's anything like the word "unfckwthbl" I will be very happy.
RT : Leadership is a combination of strategy and character. If you must be without one, be without the strategy - Schwarzkopf
There's a fucking bird flying around inside the campus center at iupui
Where is this guy with my headphones!!
turn that frown upside down.
yay thunderstorm on the way :)
Missing my roommate. Get well soon! Weird being in the house alone all week.
Thanks for following us, glad to be tweeting with you!
is better. my step-dad is a jerk off though and I only ran 3 out of the 5 miles I was supposed to run today because of a thunderstorm - gene
Um, how are your leftovers a cheeseburgers and fries when you had a salad for dinner?
Thanks for the shout out
God has given us permission to posses the places that He has sent us.
I refuse to get treated like I did for 3 months straight I'm never going through that ever
About 20 total
Thanks for the RT. I am so excited to be hiring!
Your dad is such a little monster! His rendition of Edge of Glory would make proud!
"TV is chewing gum for the eyes." - Frank Lloyd Wright
Give me back my tuesdday. I lv dat day......
Fuck her face like I was obligated.
The production of toilet paper in China began in 1391, which was used for the Emperors
I love all off the smells at Himalaya. M.
Apparently Twitter is flat and I fell off.
81-67 at end of 3rd let's go Heat 12 min. To win this more just like the 3rd qtr. keep up intensity and keep scoring
All I want is a giant cup of shaved ice.
frightens me...
500,000th record from - 1961 film print of "Briefing Session: Is Democracy Obsolete?" stored
Retallack, Lin, & Dworkin are three of my favorite authors of all time; I live in Denver; and I never knew you existed!? Disgrace!
Happy Birthday to one of #BossLadies , Rhonda Rachelle. Muah, Enjoy your day Y.O.L.O
Yea I'm still telling everybody I'll keep their secret but nobody's telling me their a wizard like on Wizard of Waverley Place
been there and there is nothing more frustrating
If both of you think alike one of you are not neccessary. Pastor John Hagee
I know I have been waiting for them to come back this way! ;o)
Thanks for the Retweets:
you probably all hate me because i tweet about too much
Thanks Christian! :)
Hey! Saw you in New Haven 1981. One of my first concerts ever!
In Loco => In the place of
Sarcasm is the best way to make fools sound foolish
Mindless Behavior iz all i can say.......hmm......
Take one look at 's twitter page and it depicts their customer service... Last tweet? 929 days ago...
Don't let the world bring you down Not everyone is that fucked up and cold Remember why you came and why you're alive. Experience
What power has law where only money rules. Gaius Petronius Arbiter 27-66 A.D, Emperor Nero's advisor
RT : don't forget Del Mar! ---Don't worry Heidi, Del Mar is on the agenda
RT #gilbaneboston E2 websites are too mission critical to operate in an ad-hoc way (But, remember it's useful to innovate @ the edge -jb)
Dryin out with a beer in the Hospital(ity) Tent. Chilled out Saturday.
We are - say him to the DINKlife crew
It's true. I dunno if i feel like being That Guy Who Sees Movies at 9:55 By Himself on a Saturday tonight.
Our plan for when Kieran turns 13: give him Catcher in the Rye & a Smiths albums. Maybe a Danzig or Meshuggah album, too. AND LOTS OF PINS!
Vosges' Dark Mo's Bacon Bar -- real bacon, true bliss!
That moment when a Metro train passes though the station reading, "NO PASSENGERS"...
RT If you need help with makeup, tips or ideas ask he is great at giving advice.
Thanks for following me!!!
Thanks! We really appreciate the support. And what could be bad about a cheeseapalooza?
Stop by Carrboro and grab a 12 pack PBR! Only $7.29. Get here by 6 and I'll give u a free PBR pint glass.
#whatilovethemost is when he hugs me and doesn't let go for awhile :)
what?? Never had an elephant ear b4??? They the effin shitnit!
If you don't ALLOW any goodness to come to you, it doesn't matter how much goodness God or anyone GIVES you, you will never receive it. ♥
RT What's hot in winter, cool in summer, & efficient all year? Insulation! It's like pink, fuzzy efficiency insurance.
yea just telling u if i ever talked to u sometime this week
Come donate and cast your vote in our Commodore 64 vs Apple II show down
Looking for Rock Stars (at least in your own mind) who like to travel to NYC.
Follow me back! is a Sexy account related to Sex Dating!;)
USCT symposium was absolutely phenomenal. Off to dinner discussions with Dr. Horton & Harold Holzer.
I can't sleep either D:
#QuestionoftheDay Does your #highered institution have any Big Hairy Audacious Goals? What are they?
sorry one hand typing is hard! You and Brady Quinn are BFF
Don't forget to follow to get the most up-to-date info about our June 13-15 Annual Users Conference!
Value what you have because the best things in life aren't things
Pat was in foul trouble from the tip, Erving was out of town, plus Jaso & Desmond is just joining us. Doesn't feel right with-out every1.
Happy 21st Birthday to ! I love you :) !
There's just so many people that deserve to fucking die and rot in the ground.
So fucking tired! Warrior dash soon. I love how half our team dropped out of the run. Pussies!
early morning or late night? :-)
Hope u joined Mr.Thunder&others 4da 10th annual MLK walk starting:00PM on 96th&Amsterdam in Nyc.Shut down ur PR celebs&do something useful
I sent them a little @ to know I'd never stay at their hotels.
Getting belly laughs out of kids. What is better than that though? Nothing.
“: were you not able to tweet.... you had to have gone through withdrawals lol”. Very true..
aww that's good to hear :')
Thx for stopping by and chatting with us! RT : Fun meeting you #LBCC RT
That said, back to I can trust them to get my order right. Seriously, how do you f*ck up a simple bacon cheeseburger?
use it and abuse it!
Lots of kids trick or treating
Hanging with and at Birthday Party! Pics and vids to come!
If by a scoop you mean a quart, then I did. #yum Also, picked up an extra pint...you coming home anytime soon?
At the #HardRockCafe in New York City and i saw a guy that looked exactly like ily brandon!
or you could go to first service and praise the lord with me!
The real reason why Kerry Wood is retiring: His 200,000 initial shares of Facebook $FB
Back hurts. :/
Ready for sleep.
Oh, you mean the Fable 3 'Uhm' video. A perfect example of why I belong behind the camera. :) Cc:
Every day I'm shufflin ;)
thanks hun RT : HAPPY BiRTHDAY LOVERBOi!! HOPE YOU HAVE A GOOD ONE:)
THURSDAY NIGHT LIVE:Our draft meetup at 730 OR our FREE screening of The Raven at 7! Either way you can't lose. DM 4 details.
What is your go to favorite piece right now? Love to see a pic or a link! xox
come back?
Thanks. Going to take it easy for a little while and chugging water. Cuz water cures everything.
Writing to these tracks, wyd
heading to NY in the am for the NAEA conference. So excited! Hope to gain great knowledge and inspiration on visual arts education!
I laughed when I saw this post. I SO agree!!!
What is the cheapest price per gallon you remember gas ever being at? Ugh, gas prices! #ChevyGirls not so
lol! Yep I go all Larry David every now and then! x
Henry Rodriguez, you are not making a good impression on Stalin and Castro.
unfortunately very little archivist exp. but the visual resume sounds intriguing as an exhibits person
if an issue makes your head spin, it will undoubtedly come up on a day when half the staff is out.
A great way to promote the most efficient charities is to use this site www.charitynavigator.org/
Suck it McCain.
Totally crazy, makes me a little afraid, ha! You try it, then report back, lol.
Make things happen - build IRL prototypes - but make sure you get permits!
Did attend the #dolan presser? I guess that's even rarer than
Style starts on the streets. Get 25% OFF atLunatikClothing.com with coupon code: THEHOOKUP
Yo Its 8AM And I'm Going HaM Over Here....Shit Been So Postive Bro! #My Life
Get to know the guy behind - the leading #career #networking service on FB. Book to speak at your
There are many options available for people who want to landscape their garden
so mom and dad said we're gonna get me pet Lovebirds c: <3
Strive for 5. It makes your body happy inside and out!
I'll show you where it's up at baby. check your email in a few.
Proud of the Jayhawks! This time they earned the win!
gracias! Enjoy your weekend!
"Love isn't just some fleeting feeling of infatuation. True love is based on a conscious decision sacrifice for the object of your love.
courage is what it takes to stand up and speak, Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. -- Sir Winston Churchill
Love it! RT Nov. issue of features America's Fave Cities. San Diego #1 for weather, #2 for attractive ppl.
Mailed taxes to the state today. HATE paying. I'd be less miffed if they were being used for anything remotely useful but I don't see it.
#1 Richie Wess "superman" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
has a point. You always indirect tweet
I'm so very sorry Junior Seau couldn't find the strength and the help needed to not make so horrible a decision to kill himself.
On my way! RT Trying to drag out pf the office to head to the
but brO I'm bought to go into depression cause my player lost yesterday and the fuckin laker won today :|
Lmao #YOLO we thought we was grown and when yall fought Ronald? LMFAO
i cant wait to see Monday Night Raw....
Out of town people keep asking if we're evacuating #Raleigh for #Irene. Is anybody? Seems a bit overkill...
Some struggle to use chopsticks for any purpose, but these are used for getting food off a serving tray.
happy march to you too
Am I the only one obsessed with Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives...what the F I'm such a fat girl at heart...
Ditto! : We sure did! Love it there, I'll certainly be back (with ppl) : Hope you're having a great time :)
RT Attensa/Romianiacs to battle #infooverload. #SLACID bit.ly/wKb8Xx ... light at the end of the tunnel?? <We sure think so! ^ME>
nice. And current policy runs until mid-june or is there going to be limbo time?
A 7 hour trip turned into over 10 hours but finally home. Time for bed up in 6 hours. Great weekend.
Hey everyone should follow she will ALWAYS follow back! (^-^)
That is much better than the line I was in at the DMV this morning. Enjoy.
Students don't tell profs, friends, if they're in trouble--often tell parents. Are you ensuing parents direct them to services?
Sometimes the best way is the old fashioned way. Online cal is down. My moleskine would never do me like this.
it's clunky but can be helpful. Crashes easily but you can get documents, read discussions. Probably better w/ iPad
HAHA thts funny i got scared for a moment until i read the rest of it lol
Considering a Refinance? Call a Marimark Mortgage Counselor today at:(866) 910-8020
Bomb maker declines to make statement in court. His lawyer says we'll probably never know why Jakubec built bombs.
Thinking things through at night >><<
me too! show off your gods(; lmao
haa, love? no, I prefer vodka.
When starting and growing your business, it's important to bootstrap with your own resources as much as possible. -Mike Smith
that really sad
RT : 11 students affected by a rash at McArthur High School. Ew. <-- Because Of All These Vaccines. JP
GUESS. WHAT.
5. Product review/survey - email sent x number of days/weeks after a visitor orders
we're sorry for the poor service. Stick with us through the growing pains!! And thx for ur loyalty despite it all.
also! is open! Don't miss out on the #1 Pool Party in Vegas!
“: My baby boy ... Thank u Jesus. Thank u”congrats
Love my team! #TeamHEAT 🏀🔥
Ha.Funniest thing I've heard this wk. I'll work on that. Maybe instead of going online to buy one, I'll actually go to a store.
Brent thanks for the Twitter shout out; nice to hear from you; Have been in contact with Mitch! stay well Daryl
Want AUTOGRAPHS of ANTHONY DAVIS Call In now 8592710207 to get locked in
I'm still waiting for Blake Griffin to grow a pair
the knicks ha!!
#LASelects Bantam A Holiday Cup this week in Lakewood will be the most scouted youth tournament in California this season
hey amigo reach out to She does all our booking.
you came up huge this week helping us all out. Good looking out!
wow... topic for #sportsbizgameon... What are the #'s on that deal??
pretty sure I was the victim of a headshot
: Be eliminated by a lottery team.
Follow This Gurl She keep it 100!!
2012 Draft Analysis NFC - ESPN (blog)
Ill holla at ya #Juneau its been real!!!
You always have to ruin my fucking day -.-
Dissapointing to see Cliff Harris throw his career away at Oregon. Hope he can get things together. Talented player. Needs some guidance.
Did you know you can cry under water? Disability Diving and an ...
Oh, mercy me. I must've missed that memo about Mother's Day signaling the official start of firecracker season. Baines is FREAKING OUT.
fabulous reviews this week! Blog tour for #TheSix almost over. Have you checked out my book yet ?
Cmon tweeters...the mocha lounge closes in half hour...if u stop in before 6pm today and mention this tweet you'll get ANY drink 50% off!!
It's pretty difficult to keep it all in your head, especially with the jolt from hearing Junior Seau's mother's emotional outpour.
sounds like a plan, just had to rearrange the schedule a bit.
Congratulations to all the graduating seniors, planettran will be at a few this year!
If you're wearing a Star Wars shirt, you'll most likely hear me telling you that I like it. You've been warned.
my heart hurts but imma fucking the shit outta love!!!!!
Come by and see us in Orlando!!! Booth #2827 at the #SAPPHIRENOW Show.
Ok goodnight this time for real y'all
Congrats ! You won a $50 gift certificate to The Pink Door!
nice one brother...
.... And now heading home- was great to be back..
Thx 4recognizing the contributions of all democrats n keeping Nevada Blue! Looking fwd to this weekends convention!
Remember when the news talks about 50% off #RealEstate, they are talking about the price someone else paid before 2011.
any advise for a young black actress just starting out??? I would some wisdom. :) thx love your work.
Kyle looks very serious as his monthly thesis deadline looms.
Bought it early this morning and can't stop listening to new album, it is ridiculously good. Check it out now!!
That sun aint playing today!
think u left your Stars backpack in the lounge next to your drink. I left it at the same table
#LeBron is putting on a clinic!!!!!! #HEATNATION #MVP .Up by 23 at the half. #LetsGo!!
This weather = Awesome sauce....this traffic = Weak sauce!
Not yet :/
I was hesitant of Peruvian bus drivers to begin with, but a friend getting in an accident in one doesn't help. So glad is OK!!
Thanks / “: #FF Shout outs to a few rock star board members ”
Thanks! Its easy doing something you love. & we love to feed people RT ": You guys rock, nicest guys in the world.”
Open everything that you should know about Boys Events sights point of destination and also the study of the real site of real :-)
hey now some of those figures could be letters or shapes.
I live for nights like last night !
love the tweets
would love to have you! RT Hmm. It's been a few years since I went. I just might come!
NY Jets interested in Tebow? wonder where this will go
Less than 3 hours away
maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
lol no. I was like please Lord dont let him know somebody who knows Future lmbo. i didnt wanna offend you.
HOW PROFITABLE ARE ONLINE STORES?
Wow, Look At Amber Rose Now! Red, Hot And Stylin '... (PHOTO) Amber Rose has rocked a cone bra, as well as a long brown wig all in the sa
Nerlens Noel is going to #Kentucky... and Georgetown still sucks.
some of my favorites. GM to you all.
Finished off the semester with 4 As and a B+ :D wwooohhooo!! Hard work pays off!! Extremely proud of myself 😃😝👍 yayyyy me! Haha
Just the thought of something happening to my father makes me so emotional. I love that man.
Some of our janitorial staff look like students that's just never left...
we not hooping The league im playing in championship tomorrow nite. But we normally be at hieghts
Missing somone + No Text or Calls from them = Pure Depression
lmao “: The fuck is Lance Stephenson excited about?”
do it!
Damn Im kinda bored by this Lions vs Packers game!!
When people can't cheer me up, music does 🎧
Fuuuuuuuuuccckkkkkkk YES!!!!!! Thanks you #Nuggets!
Cool, Dan. Thanks!
canadian gold maple :) Why You Should Buy American Gold Buffalo Coins
Grand Chefs Gala tonight at Fairmont Hotel! Preparations are in a full swing!
You are aware of the movie "Attack of the 50-Foot Centerfold?"
My problem is that i cant stay mad. I always end up forgiving people even when they dont deserve it.
LOVE A.had a dead battery on a trip to Santa Barbara.I was stuck on the pier!Came & replaced it (not free)-lifetime guarantee
I only figured it out from your pic
i hope you had a good day today.
either but prefer xbox
YOU are a very lucky man.
Love seeing another Boston title but please don't compare this to the '08 celtics parade (on a weekday)...Sox in 04? No chance
Not really feeling my local weathermen today, who all called for a dry day. #gonnabeawet12milebikeridehome grrrr
I couldn't sleep but soon as 6:30 hit I was gone -_- hate that shit
Rumor has it.... I love Adele! Shh!! Don't tell
Also, there's a livestream.
I wish I bought my headphones to jam out all they have is like instumental music >.<
Gorgeous day outside!! Off to Baltimore for a few mtgs.. Time to infiltrate!!!! Silently confessing all of my blessings....
Trying to do my econ journals.. Schools computers are Crap can't print off anything because it keeps freezing-_-
Your voice counts. Your vote counts. Vote Yes to #OneUnion!
Goodluck! It was great to meet up at ISTE!
Just saw Game Change on HBO, not sure what game was changed or who changed it
haha thanks you too!! :)
": #Obama : we will not build permanent bases in this country" #obama2012 for peace and strong economy @ home
show? Do tell... About the show not the nightmare. :)
RT : What type of pussy does the pope get? Nun
This week: 2 meetings with potential agents, 2 auditions, 1 shoot, 1 seminar, 1 class, 1 voice reel session - hello 2012!
Good morning Sunday! There is definitely something different about Sundays!
Fresh off work
more than half way done w/friday. spinning in circles.
LOL no doubt. Probably lifted from someone's poster... or third grade science fair project. It's quite the abomination.
Cleveland rocks.
Jose Conseco is actually trying to play baseball again... With or without steroids? That is the question...
No, just build websites for Google searches. Did you see the message on "Jack The Shipper Challenges" club wall?
But at least that little lady looks rested and happy :)
Hit us up for all your Vegas concierge needs during your stay! Have fun this weekend!
let the job hunting begin :D
Well use this number and promo code for good deal. Call 1-800-390-3065, use promo code 29055 to get employee V.I.P.deal.
Had a great workshop this afternoon!
that is awesome! I'm sure that the location made even the worst karaoke the best ever. I'd live to see the pictures :-)
It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not
ohh! well the DAB family sends much love and luck to him too :) <3
Great ending to #thevoice Jermaine is so deserving. Great voice
Learning about the Internet2/EDUCAUSE spring 2012 e-text pilot at #I2SMM12 - 7 in 10 students have skipped buying a textbook because of cost
Come on Hawks!
I don't wanna sound gay or nuthin'... but I think the song "Umbrella" is pretty friggin' cool.
he can't forgive you if YOU'RE ALREADY DEAD !!!!
Instead I'm going to talk my way into my bed.
lookin rite huh
when are you gonna post the pics on fb? TODAY PLEASE!!!! ;D
I want a denim jacket!! #so #go #get #me #one #please:)
Moved on to not moved onto ach!
<<<<<<<<when he's kissing me and we don't ever want to stop.
