Enjoying Shark Week on the discovery channel.
Y O U
Ludacris >>> Big Sean
was here. waiting for gabby's slow ass to come the fuck on!!!!!!!
dont like that the government can make you buy HC and if you don't you get fined for it
#LIVEmusic #SHOW #BOSTON #BENEFIT 4 the American Heart Association ! ! !
would you rather be run over feet first by a steamroller of go feet first in a wood chipper. -__-
You're such a doll. Let's make this Christmas thing work! Beef Wellington here I come!
just had a killer sandwich at this place called Subway. It was super cheap, like $5 or some OUTRAGEOUS deal
Thank you for helping to spread the word about the ReStore
Have a lovely morning and a fantastic day!
#SchoolMemories I was in fourth grade and some kid was bullying my sister so I chased him down on the play ground and beat his ass.
you don't know you're beautiful!
she said the money in there 400$
should have that talk all bagged up.
Sorry I meant a "free online webinar"
ahaha. I only use 3 of the holes. Are you not allowed to get more or you just don't want them?
sorry, who are you? =/
: I don't know what happened to you in that hospital. It took you 3 years to figure out his birthdate.
you insane why trade wade
I keep gettinf really odd cravings
#MarchMadness !!! How far do you think your team will go this year?
I use Android TweetDeck with text size 24!
It's always a joy waking up next to the one you love :)
That's how it is, and that's how it goes.
Ding ding ding! Less intimidating on a plate. Top of the food chain FTW.
congratulations to (AJ) on his unofficial acceptance to the mcnally smith college of music following his audition today.”
this weekend, I didn't do anything! I didn't go anywhere. but #oomf made it perfect by bringing me food & talking on the phone w/ me. ♥
Thanks! I totally will!
LIAM'S "OOH, OOH" IN 'I GOTTA FEELING'. I CAN'T EVEN.
Is City trash service delayed a day this week?
Please oh Please let Maria be safe! Please!
Oct is off to a fast start! Need costumes. Daughter wants to be a candy-corn witch or Marie Antoinette. Son, undecided. Suggestions anyone?
THE WINNER IS! wins the $200 toward a P.L.A.Y. bed from ! Wheeeee!
bored bored bored today almost done!
I wanna be on broadway.
I swear every time we go somewhere there is always something lol
I wanna go to Germany
Learning about VMWare...
Meet and Great with #TimSullivan!! Come on down to #12VoltTavern at 1PM!
That's what #PAXeast will do! RT : There are way too many really hot geeky girls at the Pru
:-D 2mar starts a new day #n on dat note goodnite
What did the helpless man say to the person that wanted to help him? He said "THE ONLY WAY YOU CAN HELP ME IS TO HELP YOURSELF
I feel ya tweet I been hurtn all day;)myself..Whts up babygirl whn we doin it Gwop style im ready im ready im readayyy...Miss ya :*
Text: zesmo to 368266 to see an example of a mobile coupon; then call us to see how we help your business monetize your marketing efforts.
john & michael ?
Automatic correction stinks.
then again those Mysons are hydronic & that happened to work for me in my
New location
I am so stressed. Gawd, it's gonna get better soon right?
I need to find a way to not let little things get to me ...
how do you leave the house with such a huge head?
Peace to Acquire your ultimate goals may work best because violence will begat more death! The establishment wants you mad as hell 4 its NWO
November 7th marks the return of DC's premier Hip Hop producer event ... The Beat Down at U Street Music Hall.
Having fun at the store today come on down and meet mrs. beasley!
is playing bass in his third band today (of four?!) holding down the low end with Lara Johnston. What a man.
When I was young, I started planning it out... Dad got sentenced, so I was the man of the house..
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
me too vacation:D I'm good.thanks!
I'd say pushing it around on the plate.
hot chocolate before leaving my house :) going to Mexicali, Can't wait! :) so excited :)
Probably not xD. An sure (:
you fanny! haha go back to bed! Where are you btw?
Where RT U should come to this 70s party at the strand on Saturday!
“: What to do with an empty house...??” practice your strike three call haha!
Elaborate If You Will.... O)+>
"There is no such thing as good #painting about nothing." [Mark Rothko]
I thought #Mormons believe in multiple WIVES!#Romney is a lying, myopic, cold, greedy, robot!
I don't have a problem with the child's age. It's the way mother and child are focused outward rather than on each other. It feels wrong.
Spirit Airlines just started coming to MN and now they're gonna start charging $100 for a carry-on bag. WTF.
Movie with my love 
Leaving fuds. Painfully. This place is magical and all should experience it!
If you follow me it would definitely be the best day ever <3
The best #DCdesign will be showcased tonight at for the #AIGA50 reception. One of the biggest #AIGA #DCevents to be at!
ok cool ill be there then
Derek,I'm thrilled you liked it! After all the great brews, I'm glad I could lend a hand!
Anyone hittin up the courts?
it goes well...
In the nude.
Would love to see these teams combine for 300 points.
Have you tried omega3/vit D Squeezes before? It's a local company (Vista) and they're d'lish!
awe, im headed down to the OC for a bonfire on the beach tonight.
It's the ones you got the most history with who will turn their back on you first.
First day of my job = success! 😄
Filner says to turn page in SD, we have to break special interest stranglehold.
It's going to be a beautiful #meatlessmonday at our #capHill store! 1/2 off all non-meat burgers when you buy a side or soda!
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps. relative minor: a girlfriend.
i'm so tired
Wish I was there with you! RT Beautiful day at Riviera w/
i vew you as my wonderful big sister LOVE YOU .
Happy Birthday!! Have a great day!!!
it'll wear off 1 day... but no wife or kids at home, so I better do it now!
Lovin the fact that Brandon Gibson is torching up camp
Hailey Annie's resting again. Going home tomorrow!!!
Hitting the gym to get my mind off of things.
...no clue. Was asking for a culinary inclined friend with too few Twitter followers.
You're Welcome!
What’s your all-time favorite sports movie?
Thanks so much for sharing today! Hope your week is off to a lovely start!
Cool studios n Games!!
this a radio show or podcast show?
wrote a strongly-worded electronic mail. and that should take care of that.
Random rapper #arrested? I don't care who he is, or what he did, free him. - The Ghetto Community
We've oil heat & it's crazy expensive. I live in an OLD 3 story house though. Depends on size of place, how well insulated, etc.
Friday Special: Free Drink with any Box Lunch or Salad order!
She can get mad or say what she wanna say but she can't say I didn't keep it real... U asked n I gave u a real answer
cool i got u ... i got this cuzzo
#whatyoufindinladieshandbags what don't you find in a ladies handbag?
I'm on stupid following limit :(
With consistency, a great soul has simply nothing to do. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
I can't believe its the season final. OMG.
u freaking drunk!?!?!? And why wasn't I invited! Lol
hot new anniversary menu. 65 for six courses with pairings.
Casting Director Katja Blichfield from NBC 30 ROCK next Tuesday! Limited seating!!
“: so important to coordinate your earrings with your mic!” So true! So true.
some things just make me go
Strauch: Probation is "not appropriate because of what the defendant chose to do that day & the pain she caused this family."
How much for the DLC? I have yet to play that game and I'd probably enjoy it. Would buy if <$25
shhhh i haven't watched yet
Screw summer. Can it be #Halloween? I thought of the best costume.
It was good post and I couldn't agree more with what you wrote. :)
“: #1: I'd rather be paid in Continental Air Miles than Citi stock.”
can I be your date please?? I'll even let you wear jorts!
#imagine Austin:i cant help smile when you look at me,The look in your eyes makes me crazy!!<333 -anna
I'm a fan of the fact that you just used correct quotation even though it was awkward with the exclamation point. K bye. :)
next shoot is April 29th ..... You saw the facebook message. I'll update u with details soon if you wanna participate :-)
It's not widespread but look for patchy dense fog this AM especially in river valley and rural areas
Playing football and basketball next week! I'm look forward to it:)
don't lose who you are.
I should join you but I'm having too much fun in denial!
no u better do dat
Looks like I'm headed back to Taos, NM this summer . . .
I want the tower burger!.
Rough night, hoping for a better today.
Thanks! I've kinda stretched it to two weeks. :)
hm, that's a tough question...
I throw a stacc at that bitch ass, let her pay her rent with it...
Indians lead 11-2 over the White Sox in the 8th inning at Progressive Field
How come I'm seeing #nfl officials who don't seem to know the difference between encroachment and a neural zone infraction?
It was impossible to resist. Surprised by the stillness!
I didnt mean right now though, I meant from earlier today, I have them all recorded, I put everything on youtube earlier too
We are officially in that thang! Follow us now!
Voting for our iPad contest ends at 8 PM tonight CST. We will be announcing the winner shortly thereafter here on Facebook.
#Doritos I never saw anything either. Good ad!
So looking forward to girls night out tonight with by besties
Get ready for launch on Monday!
Watching The Beauty of Politics rerun on w guest
Will there be a list of companies attending broken by industry for the career fair?
Watched people catching salmon on the beach at sunset. I used to fish a lot but now I'm happy to watch others deal with the slimy creatures.
Gah math class at 8 am gets worse every day!
I'm sure you're resting now, but when you get this message please send a huge electronic hug my way...
Men . . all men . . . and ironically Black Men in particular . . ..are as dense to sexism as majority culture is to racism . . .UGH!
watching the polaroids dvd. Forgot about the hollywood hair in 'round of blues' lol! Shawn cleans up good!
Tracing flames for a guitar strap. Hot flames, cool strap!
Have an ass kickin' birthday today Brenna!
I couldn't get time yesterday fam..hit me up today if u going back
The government could never let me work for the CIA. I would tweet about random espionage and write memoirs about killing the enemy lol
oh whatever.
50 Cent Wings All Night!!!! $2.50 Coors light Pints ALL NIGHT!!!! Come Watch All the Games & Take advantage of Joe's Sunday Stimulus plan!
“: That is a good tip..."in screencasts use "I" language, not "you" (via ) #edcampdet”
straight up
Did you REALLY just ask if I have a car!? I have 9 of them!! Haha....
I just spent the last hour on tumblr. #productive ? I think so!
do you not know that Mr. VanDuillaume himself, is on twitter??
aww. Take care and feel better soon
Just finished White House tour. Now eating at Ella's Pizza, the best in DC!
I feel like someone should do a sexual physics rewrite of sexual healing now
I don't want you to EVER get over it. I love this post! I've native ancestors who were slaughtered in order to take their land.
lmbo I wasn't trying to be funny
Anyone know if Terrelle Pryor active for today's game? I wonder if he's gonna get any snaps at WR just to welcome him to the Raiders roster.
#Panthers selected Luke Kuechly from Boston College with the No.9 pick in the
yessir. Everything straight on your end?
"I'm not playing the piano, I am dreaming." I just love that.
So today was pretty fun
Remember we'll be closed Thursday & Friday to celebrate Thanksgiving day. And check the BIG discount for Cyber Monday-see previous post.
It's somewhat like Google...the world at your fingertips, but with a personal twist.
Babysitting a four month old is tough work! Thank goodness I'm not a baby momma
Anthony Starr~ Sport is imposing order on what was chaos.
Great meeting you and thanks for the follow -
my nigga boosie beat that charge
that's sweet of you. Always thoughtful. I'm around... Still at 6143480760 :)
but it was just me
I'm good no complaints RT god good! How are yooouu?! :)
NOW STREAMING JOHN MAYERS NEW ALBUM IN FULL 😄😄😄😄🎸🎧🎸
“: “: I hope they cut out all the rape in Billy Elliot.” ” that's #BullyElliot #MrG 😁
please shut michael cole up tonight. Im sick of his whining. He gives me a headache
I'm at the Fork. Cant stay too long because people sometimes arrive at the office by 6:30pm.
RIP Junior Seau - Forever a Charger Legend and Oceanside Icon.
Worried about what the future holds financially. This recession sucks!.
Hoping for some solid at this week.
I agree w/ Hank.
OHMYGOD!! Congrats girl!!!
I'm dreading class tomorrow.
11am today we're back w/ WINNING #cupcakewars cupcakes & other favorites too! Watch us on again tonight at 8pm!
Why my mom is making cheeseburgers instead of tacos tonight is beyond me.
#ICantStandPeople who act ignorant -_- no señor, no linda
I'm also pessimistic. I think the D is getting old, especially the D-line. Broncos exposed us.
Mani/Pedi = Great start to a Sunday.
trying your roasted squash seeds recipe tonight!
Going to a just a little out of the way makes such a difference in the stuff you can find!
If you're going to play with the big kids, you'd better fucking act like one.
She make me beg for it then she give it up <3
Blog41 Dell and Palm handhelds break new ground from opposite- palm handhelds
ok, I trust your opinions and thanks for telling me :)
Its going DOWN THIS SUNDAY @ #SUBT 2011 w North Ave /for artist that wants to perform send stage name an contact to
Too tired to bask in our success.
I'm a get my march on at #BmoreMayDay 5pm at McKeldin Sq.
I'm a big fan of Honda CRV's digital sponsorship of 's Title IX celebration. Great brand fit
I wanna go home and sleep on my bed😔
Watching sponge bob square pants with my nephew mehkai :)
Teachers have been really moody lately.
hopefully your basketball team can win without the referees help against UNT. Go green!
Goodmorning to you
hahah okay! That will be the funniest thing ever!!!
I've decided to surprise the band mates by hanging wall to wall mirrors in our rehearsal room. Unnerving? Very. Let's see what happens.
I Aint Never Lead Yu On, It Was Always Da Other Way Around
and here comes THE sax solo. Nailin' it.
Very impressed by #Chargers quick and direct response to my earlier tweet! That's some solid engagement & how good #PR is done my friends!
Need to contact Newark Pride Alliance? Email us at info at newarkpridealliance dot org
Food shopping. Blah :/
Grinding in the studio with
Anyone in Indianapolis into Morph Suits or want to Morph?
Looking forward to getting back to work this AM with and on
I feel like the newer fans go on and on about carrots, spoons, and leprechauns etc. while the older fans are like, "That is so old"
Loving my Android right now. The mobile hotspot/tethering is letting me finally get our wedding photos uploaded so I can share them!
MONSTERS INC.
#Bridesmaids wasn't bad at all, pretty funny actually...poor cop.
wouldn't you like to know... Can't reveal all my secrets!
Someone call me pale one more time and I'll block you from my life FOREVER AND WON'T REGRET IT EVER.
Thanks for the shout out!
For the first time ever, I don't miss you at all...
I'm not sure what the proper protocol is for telling someone their breath is horrible.
Try Microsoft OneNote (it should be in microsoft office). It's really intuitive for organizing ideas, and easily edit-able.i love it!
I saw your tweet before you deleted it, but thank you x)
4 fouls in one play
Yup RT : Hey guys open house party at 2500 Apollo Drive. Come one come call. Free everything just say you know
4th row across 4th row down
Rehearsal time! Gotta get it right for this audition
Chillen ! I have danced with every girl I've seen! So much fun
can't wait for this season !! Looking forward to seeing all the special effects and character make-up :)))
I'm workin all day Saturday now. How lame ! I better het off early too ! #screwcody lol
you big cat you big pussy we got big doe we sell big cushy" o
thanks for that RT on Monday! - You are welcome. Please follow me. Thanks
Should be a fun weekend 😜👍
how do u know if ur meeting him???
haha i know i shud. I want to watch it again. this time il buy whistles, trumpets and create some hungama.
i know hes such a girl...LOL
I feel like this will be a good year.
Thanks 4 the suggestion! I've been meaning to address neurofeedback for ADHD 4 awhile, but haven't gotten around to it yet!
Thank you for the support! Great talking with you today... I am looking forward to working with your team!
Hey , you should follow who is speaking today at the Chicago Let's get him to come thru Bmore!
what dud u think about solo new joint ??
I want u to sing to me like that :)
at kumas corner. so stoked for the burger
Outdoor fire warning issued for wide region
Laura Sequenzia from Golf World magazine discusses getting young golfers interested from an early age
Boys weekend in San Francisco - I've got The Rock on my iPad all ready to watch.
Just felt the Earthquake out here in LA, nothing serious.
Shoot last night w/ for
Wada=Duchscherer? The news from Showalter did not sound good.
what's wrong, boo? DM if necessary
Someone please bring me a spinach & feta wrap. Right now.
Cant believe u havent busted out the pic w/that kid latched to Ice-T's wife #gameon?
Chicken livers at the Pulloman in Kirkwood. Trust me.
Off to a movie date with my team
I'm widdit fam! I'll talk to Peez and we will jet out there at the same time!Lets get it!!
AH. your lover(;
great ideas. I can't wait to create a behavior chart on google docs.
Just bought Starbucks for $2>>>>>>
I can fix that. Come to SUBWAY for lunch! RT : hungry
But I thought WordArt made things good?!
tell miki to turn her tv down already
A hour away..
are you going to be at the Grog Shop tonight? I want to punch some bros in a mosh pit with you.
The new #nikenfluniforms look HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE. has the pics.
Reading a LOT of my school textbook and taking notes. My brain is fried this morning...but I'm learning stuff. That is good.
lol, yep... My family and a bunch of fake b's that lie about lovin life are on fb
Jealous of my velvet pants?
“We must become the change we want to see.”
36. #Brewers 8 #Mets 0 | Greinke mastery / now 15 scoreless innings / our awkward staff ace.
That pass interference call was completely bogus. Screwed I tell ya.
Lets book a photoshoot
Thank you. Enjoy your afternoon.
Wow, thats a formidable scent!
And fuck you too english class :)
I refuse to use "BFF' because it is adolescent. Also, I am single (watch out world) so I will be using BF for everything
#Thegreatestteaseintheworld: the music of the ice cream truck. Not a woman
Drupal 101 sets the bar- the class will be past the "I suck" bar by the time the class is over!
Hm...none of just at have yet! RT : Who has tried our Buddy's garlic bread?
it was at St. B! it was so cold i felt like i was in antarctica!
Gun Safes: The real reason that a lot of people missed being jailed. I have heard about some situations where kids had been left with guns.
good point... not sure that we require the same extent of public trust as those professions, but maybe we're like teachers
but disease can't hold me back from jeremy linning tonight via rec basketball
haha get outta here!
Okayy where are all the cute guy followers at?!?! ;)
Dear tummy, you are'nt starving... you're just really bored.
What's up w/one account being #newtwitter and the other not? Plus, one account switched and then switched back ... what's up w/that?
80+ degrees in my office; the AC system has become sentient and isn't responding to the thermostat. Glad I have a window to open.
any idea who this "doozy" new UB pro will be? Seebok mentioned this on his blog
word of the day: stemmatology!
Sad I missed 's Libraries As Cultural Hubs #artforum, but always nice to read the tweets after the event.
good to know you string :)
Q2 cont’d...Lau ruling reflected belief that language-based discrim. is effectively a proxy 4 nat’l origin discrimin.
RT : A7: Let them have a part in creating the food! Then they are invested in trying it out!
Haha! Yes I bet he loves his mummy!!!! Weirdly, too much :)
the answer to that question is always 'yes'.
Just like 2 days ago me and my friend were just being girls taking pictures and this one guy started stalking us :o
#mybiggestfearis being forgotten...
Yamx is modding for "emotional intelligence". Beyond facts and reality to enage thru actions and interactions. Jim Gee
My dad, who has probably voted Republican 75% over his lifetime, said the same thing.
Mfs is crazy as hell
Blake needa Break. Lawson tearing him up.
If i didn't have so much homework tonight, it'd feel like summer.
RT : Penguins' Arron Asham is suspended for 4 games & James Neal is suspended for 1 game. Both will miss game 4 vs.
I disagree
Daily GTKY question presents the conclusion of guilty pleasure week. What is your guilty pleasure?
Karaoke heaven and #sxsw success. where have you been all my life?
design for you mixtape? We can hook you up. www.stardesignsa.com
Partying with Walter Landor's ghost!
When your parents wake you up 10 minutes before your alarm is supposed to go off<<<<< #leavemealone 😠💤
What's your favorite thing to do when it snows?
MedPricer &amp; DataPros Join Forces to Enhance Client Offerings
Amen. RT : take a step back and remove yourself as a fan...and look at college athletics, it truly is a joke. The NCAA is a farce.
add "happy people" after early
Yes - Deer with suicidal tendencies, do taste good.
This mom and daughter crying in a Verizon store is disgusting.
Happy Birthday to your mom , i bet shes proud of you , ashley and mikey , hope she has an amazing day <3 xox
Use the tools wisely: it doesn't need to replace what you do, but rather allow you to do what you do fully
I Love this tweet, thank you !
#WaysToGetMeMad Where sunglasses indoors and/or at night.
Yes I don't have too many books for this term
That's how an NGUZU show should be! RT > : In serbia , about to play on a boat w a stripper pole
Well then. Cheers!
I quadrupled my rate of blinking today with hopes it'll burn calories.
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty the whole block is in it.
My husband has been sick and in the horizontal position for 60+ hours. I hope he feels better soon.
Thumb thru that check
Betta not leave me no message cuz I never check my voicemail
“: Damn it!! Just text each other!!”
yes chemistry :/ and I know , how lucky (:
good recruiting day at Talked to two great candidates. Scheduled a third. Psyched.
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up....
Thanks for the plug, Ian.
Oh, that sounds good! Let's smuggle some into the movies!
Thanks so much for your kind comments......I DO loe the ocean. Have a nice week.
Patrick: "I wumbo, u wumbo, he she we, wumbo. Wumbology, the study of wumbo. Its first grade spongebob!" Spongebob: patrick, im sorry i ...
Watching like every episode of home movies on youtube :D i miss this show!
let's not dog RVP Unless he goes:) then its fair game:)
his super power is clearly destruction of chips.
lol r u gonna like ignore him tomorrow? and i see it on fb...looks bloody.
saw magazine sayin 'is Justin changin FOR Selena!?!?' I think tht he was changin BCUZ OF Selena...RETWEET or reply if u agree wid me.O.o
I'm a recovering book snob, but I'm getting better!
haha, romance over peanut shells, indeed! Here's wishing the both of you a very happy V-Day. :)
Ohh home! I'm so tired. I want to sleep! But there's no time for sleeping :(
Had fun.Let's watch some football this fall.
need a place to have a late lunch around Irvine/Newport Beach/Costa Mesa today.. I know it's last min. Any suggestions?
Devin, it's a shameful existence when #GOP says they're Patriotic,all they do is disrespect our Nation.
Good friends and talented people.
LOL...this is true...I'm late learning this though.
Watching Street Thief.
Yogurt with fruits :)
Awesome news! September means school is back in sesh in the US, could include some students. Plus on-site visits chill out.
At Caps game with
Absolutely! There's beginner instruction at the start, and Q&A ad-hoc tutorials after that.
Once a problem is defined or diagnosed, wise people focus on solutions!
I meant to say see. See? Autocorrect sucks
“: i'm so angry right now..”
Industry images submitted by Maude, Wayne and Julie - almost two weeks to publication on site
I made it, training advice??
Yeah, one of my homeboys from high school sent the song to me, funny ish lol... Have you done any guitar practicing?
exactly, especially for sport performance!
Does nobody in Columbus work on Fridays?! The traffic on 270 right now 😠
thanks for RT re: Mother's Day Soirée!
its a ODB kinda day
Always hated science projects! :/
I should play the piano again...
Make a music video of the week request!!! Request a music video or just request an artist/band/group
Thank you. You both have helped me a lot. <hugs>
:: 4,860 regular season MLB games played each season. Only a few of them include something incredible. Way to go, Weaver!
u know tho im about to do dat cook dance
This class<<
I think he just means "reference when an extreme lens length is used"... I'll talk 90% about sound anyway and call it a day.
We Talk Bout Nothing More Than We Talk Bout Something ! Real Stupid
“: do they still make crimping irons!?” We probably need to check EBay! After tonight I bet we can find them!
Exactly what I need to hear tonight. RT Never let haters, critics & cynics define you.
Woo chinese buffet . Im so fuckin full
i dont want togo to school Tomorrow!
Great talk yesterday at #dmspgh. A lot to learn and be inspired by in there. I hope you enjoyed your birthday in Pittsburgh!
Forget about yesterday, live for today, and hope for a better tomorrow!
Who's having fun at Trivia tonight?
can you tell me more about the legislation
Rachel! Hi. I will keep my eye open for more rooster stories. Cockadoodadooo! :-)
“ ME ALLDAY, BY MYSELF, 1 PHONE, LOGGED OFF, WENT 2 SLEEP WOKE BACK UP LOG BACK ON STILL ROASTN HOES. AINT NOBODY HELP ME NIGGA'
bout to head to the school
Nothing like tripping on an afternoon stroll & breaking your flip flop to ground you. Thank you for the flip flops and memories.
got ur message. Will call u tomorrow.
Right?!? I was so frustrated last time he totaled my car when I had 3 payments left.
have a party but dont have time to cook no prob picosos has great party packs look us up on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
We're at #er45. Full house, exciting event ahead.
Didn't Florida just win a title in indoor Track?
I take local courses in Delco with a guy name Owen Biddle. He is a very experienced photography and has taught me a lot.
Always good to see my bro
ehm..."you scratched my CD" LOL but um its almost finished
thank you for following. #followingback!
Man, I love the typefaces in old movie title sequences. Wonder if anyone has spliced together clips of cool ones and put them on YouTube?
leaving it for my mom, then Michael, then u! :)
I got carded last week -- 2 weeks shy of my 36th.
11:11 wish. For you not To move. /:
special BIG bottle for you😉. Check your DM
hey follow back RT
Happy Birthday <3 :D
don't be, aint nothing to be scared of
yes Ellen will be sorely missed! Such a sad day for us.
If you love me, then fuck you. If you hate me, then fuck you.
Fast and easy for sending out links to info or keeping track of lots of people/info. Use my blog to post longer stuff.
Yeah, it's gotten to the point of "X is the new normal" and I couldn't let that slide. I think I'm done now too
thats ok. if u follow me again then ill follow you
lol awe alright as long as yu be gentle hahahaha
Tim Burton Show
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him ♥♥♥♥♥11
What a Crazy day but what an awesome day!!
congrats on getting your twitter handle back....you can update your profile now. :-)
Just watched a coach call time out for her bench players, draw up a press break and then no1 went to inbound the ball =5sec call smh
#interviewtip DGE: see if your school has a job board where u can post ur resume. This is a great source & 1 that recruiters often check
is writing code to extract XML from the SASS journal db for an experiment in faceted navigation over 100 years of articles.
Please trend #HustlersWantAnswers we need to know whats going on right now.
Red Velvet cupcakes are the shit <3
Join the movement. LIFE.
Who has gym first block?
Had a great time at the Champions for Kids luncheon today! Kudos to my friend for putting it all together!
RT : Hey love....<< Hey gorgeous! How are you?
Thanks everyone for the follow!
I hate seeing happy couples.. -_-
Wasn't feeling well for a lil while. But I'm better now.
Dont worry Duffy I hear that even if she knew you she would act like she didn't. No loss
Bout to drop this math class shit smh
you guys will be in Super Bowl 46 pic
third time is a ˆ¨✩charm✩ˆ¨
Christmas in Cincinnati would be a treat. 2 real estate closings in NYC next week will keep me nearby. Travel plans for January?
Thanks for the retweet :)
Yesterday I learned that when the rototiller breaks, you should not continue by hand. Advil please...
Thank you! We are blessed and honored to be recognized alongside so many fine organizations.
That awkward moment when seems more sincere than o_0 #likewhatthehey you must be tired zach :P JK JK
you did a great job on live with kelly the other day..
. has slide showing funding boom and bust in IP social sciences research. Boom 2002; MASSIVE drop-off c. 2008.
Can we get a reunion performance from the Losers?
Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
Crunch time! EEk!
Thank ya, Frank!
Then I have these annoying people behind being loud!
I gotta damn HEADACHE !
Follow Me Goddamn
Being an adult sometimes means turning down a whirlwind trip to NYC to go to the Caps/Rangers game at MSG. Boo.
Something new very soon in early 2012... stay tuned all our fans
I'm proud of it...why don't u go buy urself a self-esteem?
Happy, happy bday. Here's to a great year ahead for you :)
Shotgun recruiters should probably have to face a shotgun from time to time, so they learn not to like it.
Wish I was goin to Vegas for the fight this weekend
im so smart! (:
i miss you come back to AVMS. Bye DollFacce.♥ #ILOVEYOU!
#WhatIMissMost is you scratchin my head till I fall asleep...
That is so exciting Katelyn! Congratulations!
Hipsters, hipsters everywhere...
Overheard: "Hi Mercedes, I have a Mercedes. It's a money hog, are you a money hog too?"
Roger is and always will be my fave! Inpires my soul. RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY! ROGER CELEBRATES HIS 60TH MARCH 21, 2010
come back
Um, YES! RT You guys, next year we must start a conference called Museums & the Cats.
I cant come in because I woke up and I was in Atlantis. I have to walk back so it might take a while.
Cheese--milk's leap towards immortality. Clifton Fadiman
I used cloth diapers for about half a day....
All you have to do is mention the word "walk" and Bella's running towards the door.
Roger Clemens on the #UT sideline today. Wonder if he's got a little, you know, pick-me-up that he could give Malcolm Brown.
coming up 2nite! Master's talk, Rockets on a road tear & talks abt Master's & if he beliefs Tiger has lost "it". 2nite @ 8 pm
One day at a time.
Long day of practice quick break to watch 30 mins or Less then back to the grind #folgersyoutheshit!
I cant wait until schools over so i can go outside ☀☀☀
I want a fruit cup O_o
hey mama...missing your baby?? Sweet!!!
. my friend who works in #wallstreet says his cell service was cut out early this evening. Network capacity issues or intentional?
or should i roll the dice with Steve Smith (CAR)?
hahahahahaha!! a very important addition
We are open NOW with hot ham & cheese sandwiches. Come on down & drink the shoveling pain away! 2nd & National streets are plowed
You and me both! Ever have "Piece of Cake" made by Perry's?
John: "You just got made fun of by the entire staff of Subway..." (Imani and Megan are not phased, continue dancing)
Wine Tweet-Up? Count me in! Just have to wait a few weeks til my work slows down - super busy right now!
Drove past heaven in the form of a quintessential playground.
I've got questions. Who's got answers?
#best90squotes "you got it dude "
That's ur Hoe that's my Hoe too
really wish when someone said "i'll be right over to pick that up... " they didn't mean many hours later
36 point font in an email is unnecessary.
So there is this guy, :D
DYK that having a loud server room really does affect storage performance? Turns out hard drives don't like loud noises while working.
i hope you get hit by a bus... and then it backs over you again .
"I am convinced that the fortunate individuals who achieve the most in life are invariably activated by ENTHUSIASM" --Norman Vincent Peale
A chicken in every Hot Pot
to do some swimming with the boys today in Cape Elizabeth...always a great time!
Spoiler alert Daniel bryan beats big show by DQ #NowCanYouDigThat !
My sisters communion was today(: I haven't been able to be on for a while and I've lost so many followers hahah :P
I never realized how good Big Sean is at rapping.
kim is goindropping the full Ether track this week ... Look out for that...
I just got back from an interview for my dream job. Now I wait. And wait. #IsItTooEarlyForBeer?
I'm glad you feel good about it. It'll take me a few days to work my way through them.
my good fans. they brought me to where i am now
Heading up the elevator to my first #pviff event! 25 floors up.
you are welcome
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABE ;D HAVE A BEAUTIFUL DAY!!!
Get off your phone an do work
The NBA is dead to me! (until game 2)
GOD OF CARNAGE closes this Sunday!
I Love Jordan Benker Because he has great music.
Walking around and gettin it lol
I loved it! I got it through and I am glad I did.
my uncle be drunk ass fuck
Gotta bad bitch , she look caucasian ...
Happy birthday Tony Parker only 30 years old! haha
you have heard of already, right?
hahahh that is so true hannah
They were playing in Chicago at the Riviera last night. Saw them a lot while in college. Love them!
here today.. Gone tomorrow.. Or Sunday (you get the idea)
OK twitter world - I need a good book to read. Suggestions?
yea just gotta bring my ipod in next time haha
We have ourselves a game!!! Great pass, Mr. Brady
be safe bro
Not true #MNPride #MPLS "If MN decided to secede & join Canada, I think most people in MN & the US would be cool with that"
Easter hop!
No... but if you're forced to watch it over and over again, you'll find it eventually grows on you. ;-)
I'm about take a few minutes to to recuperate.
I recommend Excedrin Migraine, even if it's a regular headache. And a good massage for the crick.
Congrats on the win Let's finish the season strong!! #SECsoftball Tourney is almost here
New puppies have been added to the AFH website. They are SO freakin' cute.
I GOTTA GET HER MAN SHE BADD
I hate when somebody asks me what's wrong and THEY ARE the problem.
Last night i had the most awkward moment of my life
gotta go cook meatloaf be back soon
So far, lots of talk about WHAT needs to change, not much on HOW...
I may pull a double with my girl today
I was just reading your bieberexperience and the whole time i keept saying "lucky girl!".
good point, kids are great detectors of body language, again, gotta be authentic
what's good with my boy vert tell that boy I said what's good
Dude, great times as always! Would love to help! Thanks for the info, I'll share! See you Wednesday.
So the dumb white Broad on #WorldStarHipHop needs to just be slapped. I feel sorry for her bc she looks like easy WHITE TRASH!
When the only person you want to talk to falls asleep<<
♥ Night xo
Florida State AD on Big 12 rumors: 'We're committed to the ACC' - CBS Sports Found on Bing
jynnan tonnyx makes blurry, VHS pulp fiction better.
iPhone dying when you try to plug it in <<<<<<<<<<
Breakfast for a Champion
But never say I can't sell Pat where we at right now 3 mill? Who the best now? Okay leave me out of it. Tell me who the rest now?
Party scene I'm the black Charlie Sheen You fake people can't even be real for Halloween
when im done with millvale you can have it. no one takes my number. why weren't you at practice?
"Beautiful earrings, and what a wonderful seller! Definitely will buy from again" - Laura from Hudson, Ohio
thanks lol :P
if you're younger than 18, you are a baby! Lol yeah you could pass for a 19 year old :o
"These are some of the most talented successful widely read novelists who are writing today." -David Hosp We agree!
Excited to be part of the team!
I love you .
Iduno abt that one~Ya Mama jokes seem too Black, lol. Richard Pryor maybe ": "Yo Mama" jokes were invented by Shakespeare
As long as you don't leave your site as an orphan (a one-post hit and run), all things will be well.
Stupid Internet! F u
keep it coming (the heat) and thanks for the follow
Live in the NOW, but PLAN for the future and REFLECT upon the past for inspiration and wisdom.
didn&#39;t know you were comin by, blame Hope to see u soon.
Why can't we juss get alone anymre
good job, Mike!
Our projection is that Buddy Dyer will be reelected Mayor of Orlando, avoiding a runoff.
I am in so much pain... I'm also a dummy. And I wish you were here with us! Goin to universal tomorrow
I'm good lol
I'll do you one better. I'll bring as many people as I can AND be your best friend :P
“Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.” - Albert Einstein
DJing at Beech Street Parlor tonight! 9pm - 1am. Come on down!
If I tweet a whole bunch in one day, don't get concerned that I'm losing my mind. I'm not into concern.
We still have some dates in January & February we are booking on the West Coast! Tweet or email us! We want to come to your town!
Ah a tay swift song
Pastor Cara did a fine sermon this morning lamenting #gc2012. Very personal and reflective.
That's cool. (:
workin! let me know when your in the city and can catch up!
Anyone feel like drinking tonight?
how nice! thx so much!
the donations are not coming in as I need to support this cause I so deeply believe in. Through following your family i've..
Off for a quick trip to Dallas SFO >>> DFW
Nah dip, is that YOUR cat?
#3WordsOfAdvice pray every night
a tornado
Im guessing will be projected at DE
OMG. Going.
We're happy to bring that joy to you! How can we begin to get involved?!
Just came up with a (ridiculously simple) method to weigh the value of using certain hashtags over others. More coming soon...
Alright. Hah nope. But she might be the last week.
these are your salad days RT : Pretty sure the "salad" i just got has more calories than a bacon double cheeserburger
I'm obsessed with simsimi(:
I can make an angry emotional liberal call me names in 5 tweets. So typical. I dont like Rush. Ed should be fired.
Friends who give u vitamins care about u :)
The best player on the court, Royce White, is looking like he ate a big piece of humble pie tonight.
come to oscars and i'll make you an old fashioned!
GETTIN READY FOR A homecoming tonite is going to be a #GRAND nite
Sounds like you had a great visit this weekend!
the essence of modern technology is enframing.
Thank you!
Can't believe Ohio St. Lost
Not so fun :/ but I do get free Chinese food today for helping out a teacher yesterday so that's pretty awesome :)
Follow back (:
I wanna sleep ;xx
Peace that passes all understanding. An inexpressible and glorious joy... The Bible don't play, guys.
What to expect in the year of the Rabbit-- Astrologers project "quiet, positive and inspiring" things to come. Excellent time for arts.
is it gonna b on itunes??
good what about u
“Piracy is not the enemy, obscurity is.” – Tim O’Reilly
Making band posters to hang at Old Town School.
Bout to make sum moves
Going to the game tomorrow night !
It's Starbucks o'clock. Hey. I live in Seattle. Don't judge!
You're 100% right - next friday I get off "early" I'm calling you - you can join us to if you like ;)
I sit here starring at my phone wanting you to text me fighting the urge to text you first </3
Oh, HaPPY, HappY, HAppy DAY!
Dang, I'm PUMPED to play Bamboozle w/ and get some quality hang time with my brah Mission: Meet Dave Grohl COMMENCE!
Thanks for bringing your #SubaruWorkPlayLove Tour to Stash Tea! What a fun break from the workday for our employees!
Im new to twitter so thanks for following me!
JoelPett has every rt to do editorial cartoon. Free speech. Doesnt mean we have to like message. Came off as bitter, dumb. Who cares bout IU
I need a for sure yes or no for st pattys. #makingplans #buyingstuff :)
Moth plague!
Do you think helen keller can read lips? ..... Shes blind david!!!!! lmao!!!!
Happy to help!
Even were a cook to cook a fly, he would keep the breast for himself. Polish Proverb
Not enough jobs in San Diego Where are these jobs?? My husband is desperately trying to find a job
RT : This Bucs defense is so bad, Sarah Palin is able to see all the open receivers from her house in Alaska.
Come out to Chick-Fil-A at the Town Center today and a percentage of the sales will help benefit the UNF Society of Women Engineers.
No. Just no.
Off work finally chill time-- gotta pop a bottle of wine and run a bath
yes can't believe my eyes. Just stunned
YOU TAKE IT ON THE RUN BABY
i already told u
Just left an audition for 'Jockey' now time for lunch. What a beautiful day in LA!!
If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night
i see you, #pandora just making changes... lookin' good!
Do you smell that? It smells like episode 2 is near...
Same here!
it is cold in NY... Bring on that Miami Heat!
you're feeling better in time to crush some trivs tonight, yes?
Just did !!
So glad to have you make the little trip to the Tosa area! Worth the drive?
such a clever and green idea! Cheers
Can we start the #Clippers #Grizzlies game right now cause this #Heat #knicks game is a wrap
is my Bestest friend in the world!!!!
RT I just used #Shazam to discover Goin' Crazy by Natalie.
take care
it's little thing like this that excite me in life. The world will almost be perfect soon.
There always has been a black princess. Her name is Gisela Peay and she's the Vice-President of Humble Me Clothing!!!
I have another idea! Now sure how to privately share by tweet.
My mom is taking my dog to Indianapolis with us for a wedding because she can't leave her at home.
Kush is my cologne
UGGH I BETTER GET OFF FOLLOWING LIMIT SOON OR I WILL HIT TWEET LIMIT ALSO....
Alright na wtf is jerome doing
Fresh out if the box, lays a hit on the offensive zone.
game winning goal will be scored by Andrew Luck
It's Paris. I just send out a email blase, twitter, facebook, resident advisor. Fyi.
I am a longtime Gibson player. This news gives more reason to stick with my 71 Les Paul. You are better than that
Time to clean dishes badly after being out most of the day...eck!
Yes I'm ice moco chocolate. I love my skin color cause I get to many complmnts
Do we really mean "open to all"? Commerce? Everyone? Some say YES! Some say Yes, but...we need more discussion.
I want Meryl Streep to live forever.
lmao... I'm in GA. I fight for my life all the time.
Holy shit, is doing 'Taking Pictures Of Girls Naked' as his final scene!! That shit is going to be TO live! I'm AMPED!
RT : Thank you friends for RTs, mentions
when people are so nosey & read what im writing on my phone from behind me. mind your business & i know your reading this bitch.
OMG HI! LMAO i was so shocked wen i saw ur tweet!
Hi, tweeps, any of you with direct experience of making or using iBooks? Getting questions from a high-level library patron.
Hahaha, should have followed them :p Glad you got to meet them though! :')
where will chuu be at in texas snooki!
Thank you for the thoughts & prayers from
Why don't you follow me? I'm starting to say Never.
omg me too he is the best thing that has happened in the music industry!
how are youu?(:
MagForce AG hires Christian von Volkmann as Head of Finance
I love when geno runs up and jumps on my bed to cuddle #puppylove 💛
Use your stainless steel water bottle at practices & games to save money, America’s energy resources & the environment with
Rangers with their 1st power play.
We can make our plans, but the Lord determines our steps."~Proverbs 16:9
Going over philosophy notes for the final tomorrow and so much of it is on war tactics. I feel like I'm preparing to join the army...
congrats again to you & cory!
Hey there, glad you're being proactive! Not at the moment, but we're noting your interest. What're your particular interests?
yeah duhh stephen
Am I the only person that thinks #pinterest is pointless and takes no #creativity at all?
Would be great to see you, Chris!
Nice. I'll have to hit you up when I go back out there.
only a few of us are alumni. We just make the kids step it up!
You seriously need to tweet more...
well I kinda wanted to walk to the cannery after school :o
He's playing WR too? RT : Big K-Mo bulldozes his way into the end zone for a score! 7-7, 9 minutes remain in the first quarter.
My daughter just became an official tweeter-You are AWESOME kiddo! :)
I'm finding tea more restorative than coffee. One cup of yunnan jig and I'm ready to work!
#IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake Harry styles will you go with me :) <33
I'm not saying go back to Old School..Im just saying make Good music..Not just beats with Words on Top
good girl re: #running, pastries. The deadline will wait.
Follow us for a cool new crowdfunding web app! Coming soon...
thanks for playing virtual may day. *ring* here is your basket of tulips
the mamba CAN push off the ankle!
This was my day yesterday...I <3 peanut butter & jelly, I <3 hamburgers, I <3 hummus, I <3 chocolate, wait for it... I LOVE FOOD. The end.
aww so adorable! =)
i love you austin!!! your amazing im a proud mahomie!
I think he invites himself.
you can get a copy of our #Sephardic #cookbook at the #OVS #Gift #Shop!
Eh, I can do better.
#NCIS well at least I will get to see tonights show cuz I missed it the first time around. now to wait 3 hours to see it.
It's not that I give up on everything I try, it's just I haven't found my true passion. Although lately I think I finally found it.
Me and cuttin up. Stay tuned for videos.
Keynote Remarks at U.S.-China Relations Conference
We can't wait! RT : Who is ready to play #scvngr at #heweb11? Besides me
I quoted a tweet, sorry, but you always get a hug! (((Debbie & Alicia))) been busy at work, do I haven't been online much.
"What Do You Know?" is so painfully unfunny, yet I can't stop listening.
RT : "God doesn't always give us a blueprint for our lives, but he always gives us a next step."
Order sent to Ryan in Australia!
Of course Eddie Crawford would be bigger than Junkyard Dog. He was bigger, blacker and badder. Bad as in awful
tweetdeck is just another way to look at Twitter. Looks interesting and provides a clean view
i hope my package comes tomorrow!
Yeah. Just made the one post so far. Need to break out the camera and take some pics.
I woke up because i worked a swing shift in las vegas. I saw people running from the pentagon and my phone ringing.
I HATE CONDOMS”
I keep my eye on the prize. And by prize, i mean any hollow object in which to vomit.
Ok, we'll keep you in mind thanks! :)
William Giraldi's BUSY MONSTERS is dynamic.
If you really need a doc, do go. I just made an appt myself, though I hate it.
you are i didnt know i try to come visit :)
Incredible that many vis. impaired/blind individuals have keen sense of spatial distance -e.g., moving hand 4 inches to right.
Watching the
ya..that's the plan now... how early r u guys going on? Do u know yet? Will there merch?
Now watch me you!
Can you mention the bigoted attacks on his religion by Charles M. Blow and Joan Walsh?
I def want to check out Marie Louise. U pick another.
Blowing this up.
“: I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot. ~Marilyn Monroe”
Follow us on Twitter:
Enjoying a day of rest after and before a hectic week...
#SALUTE to my nigga
Oh my! I'd just like some consistency! It's totally making me unstable.
Ok well I just wanna make sure everything is alright between you to thats all.
it's our pleasure!
If adversity builds character, then I'm one freakin' overflowin' bucketload of character!
Somebody needed to tell her because obviously Bozo didn't know.....and you said that with class.
Forecast for Today: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Highs 63 to 68. Light winds becoming west 15 mph...
Sounds DOPE! I'll be there!
Reason to use #socbiz : "email can't be sustainable... 1 week off & outlook has crashed! (>250 MB of new email in 1 week"
UMC trauma on west charleston
Compiled Spotify playlist over the weeks. Totally paying off as cleaning motivation music!
We can finally euthanize Christopher Plummer.
yesterday was a long day.. haha
You're looking good, man!
Enough with the men...lets get back to the women on the red carpet!
All that is gold does not glitter, Not all those who wander are lost.-J.R.R. Tolkien (via )
LOVE that is tweeting excerpts from diary of OU's first female graduate !
Not yet...you have someone in mind? RT : Did you fill the position yet?
YES!!! I wouldn't mess with you like that.
dude, you don't even know how much I hate it.
So a standard pour is two chicken fingers of whiskey?
in Toronto and looking forward to working with the this week for our performance Thursday!
"A super fun read, like going to Six Flags with Zooey Deschanel." - Kitty Glitter () on FIFTY SHAMES OF EARL GREY.
Just got asked if I was a drug dealer lol gotta love Finksburg MD lol
Makin Ghost Cupcakes!!
I never had much to loose I am afraid ;)
I tried not to!;D I aimed. Haha.
I haven't ate all day .
I like boyzzzzzz
Just voted for you guys(;
is that 7pm EST & do we need to register online to participate in the call?
Whitney is the only sitcom which I watched an entire episode of and never even CHUCKLED. Chuckles bit the dust.
I need to kiss Zayn,Liam,and Niall in this. Life time.
Obviously, I don't have any data to back that up. However, with the lack of general interest, unfortunately, it wouldn't shock me.
being a dad is crazy & great. Busy w/ design jobs and slowly recording new music. Iowa?
Experience the oldest Italian restaurant in Brooklyn at Monte's!
But Aren't U A Girl lol
I'm busy sitting on my couch contemplating what I should make for lunch
How would we go about that? please email me at
RT : RT : Update - Penn Av SE - bulk of fire knocked - checking fro extension - cutting utilities
It is piracy, not overt online music stores, which is our main competitor. - Steve Jobs
Why am I so exhausted?
What percentage of all NFL "stuff" sold bears the ID of the Dallas Cowboys?...24%...Whoa! No wonder Jerry Jones hates to share the revenue.
Today has been great! Got so much accomplished! I just wish I could cheer Tim up.. :/
Hate how all the Americans think they know everything about 1D now. No you's don't.
The White Sox finally have some good commercials. Nice catch Rios.
From one of my favorite Yacht Rock songs: "Lube, look what you've done to me. I never thought I'd fall again so easily."
You have to vote for ! pretty please with sugar on top! He would be great for your Knoxville show!
Hey man - thanks so much! and I are excited about possibilities. Really awesome of you to keep us in mind!
That Haworth girl who changed my life, inspired me, and taught me to chase my dreams. I will never ever stop supporting Liz. <3.
that's great! glad to hear it went well--now you can relax for the rest of the event!
Yeah I thought bot nuke was for us. And I'm sure it was. It also conveniently paved the way for more $$$ from Spins.
Everyone jersey shores on
No mention of cricket but I hear Australian Govt issued an arrest warrant for founder of Wicketleaks website! Not original but made me laff!
I have to do better this week. I just realize from Wed to Yesterday I had 15 drinks. This can NOT be.
It's Friday! Time for crafts!
It's FRIDAY!! Keep your weekends going #hangover free with Closing Time!! Find out where to buy at www.afterclosingtime.com!
Love is Strong
Just got my cap and gown. Ahh(:
Chicago or not to Chicago?
Thatssss not what I heard, I heard its hard AF.
Our software vendor requires dbo permissions for all users of their production DB; I shall now stick my head in an oven . . .
SHE WILL <3333
Good things come to those who wait, but great things come to those who go out there and get it.
Happy Mother's Day, beautiful. Enjoy this great weather. =)
look in the mirror
i hate boys that beg... #turnoff 🙅
Ask Jeff Foxworthy for his opinion.
this is such a cute idea:)
By the way, mind that URL if at work. Veering toward NSFW.
So Bungie is taking the George Lucas approach to Halo and making Halo 4 the first of a new trilogy. Yeah, that worked for George...
Nothing like some #PrettyLittleLiars before the birthday festivities begin (promptly at 5:30, according to )
karma! I just put Sorcerers Apprentice in! ;p
"Man do I love Pete Brewer."-- Absolutely No One
Come on, only a Mom or Spouse can do this one: National Love a Littigating Lawyer Day. Hmm...guess the client loves em too when they win!
Polamalu isn't the face of the franchise.
"Do something today that your future self will thank you for." :-)
Eating some Ambasha for the first time. A bro is happy now.
Hey guys let's get some #FF going and help us spread the word!
Sometimes, the flip side of doing exciting things is not being able to sleep at night. Warning: #dreams can cause
S/O to one of the most amazing women in my life... for getting her new job
Thanks for the retweet, And I actually should have known the answer to that since I did get my news from this a.m.
Just tryna take my art worldwide ya feel me!
MY NEW SINGLE "ALMOST THERE" NOW ON ITUNES VIA www.cdbaby.com/cordellakajc
Beware of information overload. It can really squash your creativity.
what's going on man. We met at that Penup even last month. I'd like to connect with you. Give me a shout.
Time for me to drop that ass off
talk about the pebble watch :)
So happy to have the day off!!! Best feeling ever!
oh your cute.... i should call my bf a fagg too huh? -___-
Love it keepem coming.....
how can I "renew my account" as a free account if the free option is disabled?
Indeed. I would have thought you were behind the youarelistening.to project.
RT : Jerry Reese said David Wilson was the second RB ranked on the Giants' draft board.
“: Happy birthday to my amazing friend !!!! Enjoy your day, & turn up for me!!” < aw thanks g!
i am! I kno i am!(gotti)
when is it coming?
thanks for coming to the show last night!!
I am a snow magnet!!-ck
"Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." Bill Gates, Chairman and former CEO, Microsoft
left for the #digitour2012 today! Can't wait for people to see him drum for !
about to get some homework done realquick
Random thought du jour: How did the parents of the 1st baby ever born know to cut the umbilical cord?
Jeff Gordon captures his 71st career pole (191.623) after run at Talladega
Ugh. Dad freaked out last night because he thought someone was breaking in. Mom called the cops. Turned out to be nothing . Ugh.
thanks Mister!!!!
Everyone follow these AMAZING mahomies ------> and :D
I hate myself.
Ah, Monday. Here's something to cheer you up: our new US Editor for Religious Studies is on Twitter () and has an excellent blog!
The route will inevitably expand. Would rather see more hours than miles added in the short-term!
Contest details up in a few..
Have I mentioned lately that is a rockstar?! Sweetest rockstar you'll ever meet.
If muscle confusion is what makes P90X work, I'm guessing The Situation's regimen consists of showing his abs a book.
Cool. I think you're brilliant and we should do something together soon!
Bad thing now is everything's growing like crazy. Good thing is it's only around 80. It's a whole other universe of suck in July-September.
Trash Day. Let's put our stories and excuses in the garbage where they belong, and get something big, new and different accomplished today!
#e2conf feels like a lot of preaching to the choir. I want to hear less "why" and more "how".
Tied to my bed. Hopefully they won't bite through the restraints.
Begin each day with a healthy breakfast. It fuels your metabolism and starts your healthy eating habits for the day.
A bone to the dog is not charity. Charity is the bone shared with the dog, when you are just as hungry as the dog. Jack London
#RIPANGEL SHE WILL ALWAYS BE IN OUR HEART!! <33 :'(
To get a bottle opener in my room I had to pay $2.50 for a cheap church key and $4 room service charge.
i acctually have no idea! hahah :)
#YouKnowYouDumbWhen You ain't got D-Rose on your team and you still playin to win.
okay!! Calm down
Trying to get chores done so I can go to Downers Grove tomorrow!
This walking dead is crazy
That was
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Kaiser Gates ⁰Rising 10th ⁰Johns Gates, GA ⁰Travel Team: Southern Kings ⁰Small Forward 6’6
Evaluation"Systems" are a technical solution to an "adaptive" challenge. Where is the journey/conversation?
Hey thanks for the message.looking forward to meeting you.The Pumpkin cup cakes are going fast!So get in here quick!
I am fortunate indeed!
even worse, has even less and less sci fi. With #BSG gone, #Eureka ending. Looks like I'll be getting sci fi from the web
Feeling a bit better about the #thesis after crunching some numbers.
i'm suing him now
sounds exciting! Sending good luck to your son!!!
Can. Not. Wait.
SUCH a good place :)
RIP MCA. Blast it loud all day!
yea! Its like bbm for smart phones! Download it now please!
Treat your taste buds today with a Cinnamon Apple Manhattan at Beta. Cinnamon-infused Four Roses Yellow bourbon and homemade apple syrup!
showed me a nipple today , i was happy :)
has both - shoot me the details:
ok for sure! Didnt know you woulda came to show some luv! :P
Definitely missing tonight, though. She'd have killed these themes.
At Perry's steak house :)))
I really like what we have. Please don't leave me.
I'm the most indecisive person I know. I think. Maybe. Maybe not...
looking back on memories <
I WISH I COULD QUIT YOU! RT : That and I hate you.
Can't get enough of PBS. Love the cooking shows esp the ones w/ Julia Child :)
Smoke to much
whenever I mention someone on twitter I always get like 5 unfollowers
Thanks... Will Do
Caldecott Medal goes to A Ball for Daisy. crowd seems pleased.
it's a Passover miracle.
I'm hearing wonderful things about #TheGrey!! Looking forward to catching it!
7-0! Ronnie and Messi all tied up at 43 once again. Order has been restored. Messi now within 2 of Müller's 67!
Damn thang rubbing me the wrong way lol
petfinder is crack for people who don't have pets... i want to adopt all of them!
Sign on door of the Pavlov Research Institute: Please do not ring bell.
You're an idiot, Bobert.
thanks, hadn't gotten around to reading it yet.
I was stung by a bee today. No clue when that happened.
/All did you get this sarah if so you should be the only one
Dream big
Did you know a whole house humidifier can make a dry 69F feel like 72F. Saving you $$ & also helping eliminate dry throats & skin.
sadly yes and if the Giants win I lose more.
And again, you can honestly tell me folks wanted to see an arm wrestling match. The fans are chanting this is stupid. Nice!
My fave fratstar is absolutely 😍😍 ...I just love him #birthdayboy 🎉
Why you gotta call me out? :( RT Some people truly have no life.
Read an article that is claiming bankruptsy so I bought donettes this am to help
really enjoyed your post. It is always good to get a reminder to slow down and enjoy life
could you please follow ? their big fans and that would mean the world to me ! :)
That's a tough thing to do sometimes
Idk man... Ali's pretty perfect. Get it . If it doesn't work out, halla atcha girrrll. ;) what? Yolo
So True! RT - Best night of baseball I'll probably see in my lifetime! Reality TV at its finest. #mlbplayoffs .
So nice to meet you, too, Chelsey!
are you workint on RIPD? Im inside the house of blues right now watching them film
im home call me
Brontë goes Broadway: Jane Eyre, the musical, in New Paltz - Almanac Weekly
Thats crazy! ANd no one stands with my plan. Thery just smile and say "good" and dissappear
"There can be no higher law in journalism than to tell the truth and to shame the devil." Walter Lippmann
your pic looks amazing! Thank you so much for sharing.
Let's all do something soon!
Important to remember Republican party funded with huge sums of money from Wall Street. They use it to buy candidates/brainwash membership.
There's just something that I need from u..
You dont have to be a smartass about everything, bitch.... smh....
Also, re: FitSmart #10, as predicted in the first minute of the podcast, I indeed cannot walk today. :p
hello!! :-) love my #bcbgeneration!
Distance don't make a heart fonder. Fuck whatchu heard money -_-
Well Damn!!! If you can't build a website or develop my vision just say your skills is weak and save my time!!!!!
can I please get a shoutout? :)
thanks!!! Im excited (:!
Watching him twist himself into pretzels to defend bounties is funny. He could have kept that foolishness to himself
Haha! No you're not! But I think I know what it might be and why they keep doing that... Will tell you over the phone :)
Heading over to Mayor's press conference celebrating one yr anniversary of
To quit smoking is the easiest thing. I ought to know. I've done it a thousand times. ~Mark Twain
and going to continue changing exponentially from here on... Have you noticed how older teens are already not "digital natives"?
Such a beautiful day!!!! Enjoy family!
Prayers for you and your dear friend.
Dang, pippa Middleton is a gangsta!
What'd you think of our Kentucky Breakfast?
through text u cant get a true feel of the other person's emotions.
Putting on skinny jeans is a mission with this puertorican booty
"H2O:Supply and Demand" playing this Sunday as part of November Film Slam, 1pm. Come out and show support!
are you arguing for the indoctrination theory then? What went over my head?
It's just this too much wine and also my biological clock talking tonight...
no wait!
Hopefully, this weekend! I'm holding out for the 3D.
Like my nigga. Soulja slim said " if I want it I'll pay for it !"
better screen, better built, better design. no reason for me to upgrade from Note or Galaxy II. Just a specs war now.
which of the remaining roller derby announcing dates on your docket are you most excited for?
The soundtrack to the movie Drive is pretty solid
I been cheating on Facebook and Twitter with Instagram. Lol
ah so We Have our hands on the newest Gnarski Track! It will be going up tonight! <3
It has to be a phone that supports Windows Mobile
im so tired its crazy....i wish i didnt have to go to skool so i can sleep all day
On standby for News4 after #CapsBruins game, OT 3-3. is at the game, Let's hope it ends NOW, Go Caps
Its about to go down
The new girl at work looks just like you and has my name. Crazy stuff.
Hey ! Thanks for the follow! Welcome to the Twitterverse
Immortal Technique now on stage at May Day rally in Union Square. Says no need to welcome Occupy back. They never left.
.RT : Beware the Freudian typo: "I'm attaching aversion of this paper..."
Anouk - Nobody's Wife: via
Not a problem Im One of the biggest artist/host out here in oklahoma and ive heard your name when i went to forth smith 2 host
I just love Selena Gomez, why should I explain something? IT'S MY FUCKING CHOICE, HATERS.
The new freelancers keep bringing in new business. And even though I miss my sleep, I'm grateful for the work :)
& it's crazy that oomf thinks I don't knooo ! Why you think I be acting the way i do ?
Hello Twitter. I have ignored you so much lately, and I apologize. I'll try to keep up with you better. Love, Andrew.
So lucky!! I'm not getting to come to watch any of the shows, but I would love to! You and have an awesome time<3
follow me
Enjoy limobus discounts with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
Yes! Headed home for a long break over Christmas. Any chance you'll make it up to our neck of the woods?
Game of Thrones ringtone. I am now officially a geek.
that. felt. amazing. oh, , I've missed you so.
I wonder why they rushed the announcement? I agree it should have been said a long time ago...but glad it's out there now
That's what my daughter is in too. :-) ": in 2 months Haily Hawes will be starting college and taking forensic psychology/Crimin...
thanks for everything this week and the RT!!
Every perceived hurt is an opportunity to be bigger than yourself & experience true understanding of the other person & bestow forgiveness.
The austerity forced down our throats by the Republicans will destroy the fragile recovery by killing jobs when we need to be making them
... rooting for the Storm.
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams
Hubby made the switch w/ me this week & loves it! RT : q1: i want dh to cut back on dark meat, he loves it so much
I am listening to Rich Appel's The Rest of the Week on WRNJ Hackettstown
Watching some Sunday night
Like ..RT : "In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd." - Miguel de Cervantes
Lets put an end to that
When thinks I'm the reason my sister is crying..
How tight would it be to connect the AppleTV to my iPhone hotspot so Sabriyah can finish this episode?
faanks for the heart!
sounds like a great topic. Looking forward to everyone's insights during today's chat.
NOTING SAME NOTHING**
If your going to yell me. Be prepared for what I have to say back.
Never has a NFL player been so sad to score a TD in the Superbowl.
One of those sit at home and chill alone weekends #ncaa12 all night
Just met Paul Williams, Pres & Board Chairman of ASCAP. Here for debut of a biopic film abt him. Shared info abt of course.
home alone. bored.
Hope you had fun!! Not very happy they won but they are a great team! I will say that!
Love is like a plant, it takes time to grow but when you stop caring for it, it slowly dies...
How can you not love ?
by eight and that's how tall your
John's ready to go ... Waiting for Luai, our team captain.
Thank you to my family, friends and supporters for braving the elements tonight. Both events were a success!
Another busy day! Showing some potential tenants a rental prop I have listed, visiting Meghann & Garrett, work at my rental prop, then home!
whatchu talking about daily ramblings?! I am an efficient, focused machine!
It's about time to pack up and go home. Looking forward to a 3 hour drive home with 4 Middle School Students.
