Listening to passionate, poignant speeches at #Trayvon #bomorrison rally, after speaking on #castledoctrine repeal
so excited to be on your real-life friends list! :-)
Youngest son ran 5k w/ me only 'cause it was affiliated w/ Super Bowl. Football obsessed Other than that, they just say Bye Mom
3 fouls on Jones now go after Delladadova.
In those final days before pushing publish on a newly completed finding aid. Lots to do...
go as a a grapevine and get a bunch of purple balloons an a black leatard or go as DJAM zombie...not funny
Bronson asked of drinking habits. Says it varied. "My husband & I didn't go to bars...I was always in my house. I didn't drink & drive."
Stay on target...stay on target...
One more exam!
One big room, full of bad bitches.
Lately, I keep encountering the assumption that debates in the academy have no effect upon the world outside of it.
Boston in 6 and Heat on 7
you rock, sister.
sweet bro, can I take them off with my teeth
Happy Birthday Homie
Dog seems to have a sore tooth does dog ever get sore teeth? They use them so much.
Back in the USA.
Last chance to win $250 credit. Tweet the scariest place you've been and include #SilentHouse to enter
on transfer language...gives gov ability to move "back office" funds around without legislative approval...
Walk off time!
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #11: Apricot Pale Ale - refreshing
Community Outreach good ideas. Stay focused and close to core mission
Two shows today at the Art Institute of Las Vegas! Thank you everyone, it was a lot of fun :-)
Yeah walker gave us a heads up last week
#Str8LykeDes... Why play me?
Jeff is there a deal with Mpls City? Call our WCCO Radio newsroom.
It's way too late to be getting to bed. Have to be up at 6am to train...not gonne be a fun morning.
Order sent to Emily in BC Canada!
I've slept almost all day, now I shall be up all night even though I don't work.
#wordplay-o-d-day: CONCOURSE: prison education.
Ya know...there's someone that shits on Detroit every time they out here...2 damn bad I'm in business I'm in or I'd respond to their tweet
Good Morning!
not sure why it didn't go through last night...time for a new phone!
Scott Gunn from Forward Day by Day reports they're working on an iPhone app!
Pulled my groin again, I'm useless this weekend! Damn you pilates. -Kelly
No problem.
Sometimes you have to be alone to realize what's real and what's fantasy
Jonathan Wilson is opening up for Tom Petty in Europe, but TONIGHT you can see him at the lovely GAMH! Magic Trick & Tortured Genies open.
a strong case for #termlimits ? Why should elected officials get a defined benefit instead of a defined contribution plan?
,any time
Julia J. von Briesen Back in the Studio this week. Look out world! Always a good time with music that rocks!
i know my dude going to war over them #concords...and no doubt he's going to wearing to work tomorrow
feeling cramped in your master bedroom, Time to add on to it or to take another room and expand your space. Give yourself a sitting area.
Woke up to the beegees playing in my head... Wtf was I dreaming about?
We've been working really hard to get it ready, and are happy to say the new Tiffany exhibit opens this Sun, May 8th! Hope 2 see you there!
Thanks for the bump, Penni
aw Love you dude!!!!
it's #nationalcerealday!!! in 1897 Dr. John Kellogg served corn flakes 2 his patients at his hospital- weren't sold commercially til 1906!
give me a shout out now. I did yours.
For real? RT It costs 33% more to get a doll's hair did at American Girl than for a man to get his hair cut at Great Clips.
aw ! I'm sorry to hear that
More #SNCA12 fun! talking about copyright and digitization of the Eugene Payne Collection of editorial drawings.
Apologies don't fix broken hearts.
what is your fantasy
Today was my day off! I've been running around town doing stuff all day! Finally home, about to make veggie stew. (:
I'm always hurting him . . . If I had known before I would have gone :(
Great to hear Norv will be back in SD next yr! Great coach & has the respect of his players. Now who you going to ask to replace me, Bmore?
It's going to be Legend... Wait for it... Dary!
you gonna watch? We are!
I miss Teddy Long.
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
you know, just soaking up the sun. It's just 74 outside. Why did I ever think I didn't want to live here?!
Seeing subliminal tweets on my timeline makes me laugh.
I'm going to in box you my number in Facebook
CA has the 2nd lowest % of adults with a HS diploma, 2nd highest foreclosure rate & is tied for the 2nd highest unemployment rate in the US.
Wow. Prince Fielder leaving Milwaukee to play in Detroit, against the #Indians. That's a double wammy for me.
Oh hahah im sorry but thank u so much!!! this means A LOT to me!!! u dont have to tho if u dont want!
New iPhone 4s for xmas and it's pretty rocking. I hope everyone had a great holiday and has a great new year.
especially with what shes wearing today. Wow
not true. they can be socialized at any time. dogs need special care. i am a lay expert in this with street dogs.
Day made. I miss all you boys.
if he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?!
You gotta know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em. -Guy playing poker, giving advice
So true, price point and lack of apps.
caught you in bad romance
i hate saying goodbye..
Really don't feel like working today... 80F in Seattle. Yay
i might be addicted to strawberry laffy taffy.
hahaha yayy!! BEST fitness motto ever!!!
let me see that pic
Another day of adventurous writing has come to an end. Now I go forth into this world to seek entertainment. A Shakespeare funny. Lol Later!
oh:) okay:) when are you coming home next?
Your app would have to be a smaller version of the site, but offer all the info for on-the-go tickets, and show details etc.
Doors are open @ Reliant Center for the 24th Annual Home & Garden Market, Come see the amazing exhibitors. www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Unbunked 's bed. I feel exposed.
cry cry and cry: (
When the body is repairing itself, each step is limited by the amount of oxygen available, & that's something we can affect with breathing.
I'm likely outlier, Like others, I do #socmed for my org, but my #1 focus=helping gov't orgs; tho I don't sell/charge anything
Love that Bon Iver is trending the day after the Grammy's.
NOW LISTENING: Wonderwall - Oasis #middleschoolmemories :-P
Banning bake sales will NOT help! We need to teach kids how to make the right choices in school AND at home. Parents take control
im not lol
It's not summer until your playlist contains Best Coast and Wavves.
hahaha. shush guys. I am okay with too through fucking too. haha (;
Watching some crazy Japanese movies on netflix. #ThoseCrazyAsians!
Ugh lady at the Lizard is passing out at the bar and of course, there are no cabs in Brunstucky.
I'm done undergraduate school forever. I say that's pretty exciting.
*Food hits floor* Little germs: GET IT!!! King Germ: NO! We must wait 5 seconds!
I would be up for that.
Listening to Hall Martin and Shari Wynne about raising funding
be quiet bum
you like it?:D
I only have two major regrets in my life: 1. I've never been at the center of a celebrity sex scandal. 2. Those chili fries I ate last night
make-up, weave, fake nails, eye lashes, booty pop, wonder bras... DECEPTION
Facebook always keeps the user experience TOM when implementing redesigns so these are growing pains. Everyone—get over it.
lol I never really like josh.. i thought he was a bad actor lol
It sucks that we suck.
thank you :)
No problem! Hope you get to meet him:D
RT : #FF - Contests and great sign ideas for rallies everywhere! || thanks! keep em coming!
"The courage to ask the unanswerable questions... the courage to listen." That's what good educators, good institutions must do.
Will tell jokes for a followback.
Hope to see you at the child care and after-school rally today at 3:30 in City Hall Park!
You got it! Speak the truth and those who listen, get it...
Hubie was very helpful, he picked out the perfect frame and matting ;) , can't wait to pick up our piece next week!
you and Joel should go!
Hope you kill it the rest of the day, cuz...
Lol at Louis mustache at the end xD priceless. :3
yeah and the models are totally broken. Record with DVR, perfectly legal. Download content you COULD have DVRed, illegal. Ok.
I'm not implying that the GOP does everything right but really the bail outs, sylindra like all ex of failed Dems policy's
Pitino won 2 titles a UK a long time ago. He has been at UL for over 10 years now and has done nothing. TIme passing him by!
I know I am just devouring them. It's even more awesome on the i pad
Plus, you're better off have a somewhat healthy C's next round vs Miami
The cat is out of the bag: renderings reveal the 2013 Jaguar F-Type
I think Union Pig and Chicken has a lunch special Monday - Saturday
Follow-up to my earlier post. Rubber kicked ass. Not at all what I expected.
Dennis Wolf said to tell you hello
"Velvet Pavilions" seeped in cultural innuendos, though spans 3 continents, yet the dimensions within dimension, world of ghosts and witches
baseball game friday vs hurricane??? (: #justlikeoldtimes ??
Breaking: CBS 58 investigating a school bus involved in an accident near Marquette campus at 20th & Highland Ave. News Crew is en route
can't believe I'm going to #Vermont for 4/20! ;-X
Enjoying my morning coffee on this gorgeous Chicago morning. What else beats coffee, sunshine, & Friday!? What makes you smile in the am??
(Hey Sofia How are you? Hope all is well...best)
don't do that shit again fucken scared me
Dropped your T-Pain joint last night pimpstress.
I knoww. Everyone scared :O
..hows it been? Nothing w/o me I suppose lmao.
i don't know if i trust the guacamole from Subway. (cc:)
You must have missed the part about The hockey is just an excuse for chili burgers
This is getting old. Hope your players are staying strong Another weather delay at the :-( .
Great Job Jets...Nothing better than seeing the Patriots lose in the playoffs!
“: Apple need to sort out the #iPhone battery life!! I've taken pisses that last longer than it!” HA!! True
CA Bound. Excited for some warm weather!
Now onto my favorite housewives #rhoa!! Love me some
My apps are under BeatonPath as the publisher. My most popular app is Zombie Apocalypse.
in just over 12 hours, I Jackie Moes, will FINALLY be a sophomore in college. and I'm proud as heck.
I'm their cheerleader. "You never know if you don't apply!"
Thanks for letting people know. There are now 0 seats remaining. 2 left in my Sunday class.
Thanks for the retweet!
“The bitch hit me with a toaster…”
Countless interactions w/ needy ppl drained u w/o ur awareness? Come unto me all ye that labour+r heavy laden..find rest
I can now add 'guy jogging in gas mask' & 'homeless woman using an iPad' to the list of weirdest stuff I've seen this week.
RT : Join us for a discussion on difference between social trust, authority & influence tonight on #GetRealChat 9pm et!
#NCAAFinals know of any good basketball games on tonight?
Try one of our special Mango Drop Martini its cool and refreshing in this Arizona heat.
dvm360 iPad publication: Issue 11 now available In this issue: Learn to perform skin scraping and surface cytology; investigate animal ho
hahahah i love AI's crazy ass
Cheap beard trimmers, suck. It can't even hold a charge, or do an even trim. I should have just spent $70.
We're going to start tracking them using ! Coming shortly!
Attention Chula Vistans! You're invited to the Brew House at Eastlake's American Idol Viewing Party tomorrow, 5/9/12 at 7pm!
just putting that out there :)
me2...it woke me up :P
For GR8 iSound try Pure Digital's i20 digital iPod dock with internal DAC plus digital out. Best value I've found to date!
Other than "take cool pictures" of course.
Got another flyer for an - too bad the are ALL in NYC, except for Legal Tech west and GC panel West. Mix it up.
He taught me it all . I learned from the best .
Thanks for watching!! :D
- loved your interview w/ "without talking points" thanks for not putting up w/ the ridiculous, wherever it comes
Soul Train is important as a cultural time stamp for music,fashion, politics, sports and all things soulful and popular.
Happy Mother's Day too the most amazing mom in the world!! I love you Mom! (:
lol, I got you bro
it can still be done,
Just finished my first rehearsal with an awesome band I may be gigging with here in the Bay! Wooot!
Daily NYC Tip: Cabs are scarce on rainy days, take the train & bring rain gear
Ah. My ear still hurts. :/
ah they said jd prom was live
“: I want a 6 pack lol” beer or abs?
Miranda and Jennette Duet i thought of you ;) lol
Gym Day 2: Back in the Habit.
hi girl time for us to have lunch !'
would you mind sending them to our gmail to share with our members ?
Thank you for following! Nice meeting you!
LOL. RT : Watching the #UFC episode of If it's not funny, I may have to fight him.
Up early in the morning. Getting this fucking money
Thanks for the write up! Greatly appreciated.
RT : Star Tribune confirms, per U of M official, that #Gophers football player Gary Tinsley died Friday morning at Roy Wilkins Hall
17-5 Mississippi State run has tied game at 63-63. Minutemen can't buy a bucket right now. Williams has missed last 3 threes since fall.
$20 & a chance to win 2 tickets & a 1-night hotel stay for the Civil War Game on 11/26! Contact for more info. Please RT!
baby your honestly the cutest.
Not in a relationship don't let Valentine's Day get you down. Do something for yourself that will make you feel good. Be your own beloved.
Thanks for the shout-out! The feeling is mutual. :-)
where you guys goin this time??
Good Evening everyone. Our very special announcement will be posted here and in a press release in the next 24-48 hours. Stay tuned!
Can we make up gym tomorrow instead of fwidayyyy
#reportedforspam RT : I'm listening to the original Canadian hipster, Gordon Lightfoot
'The Night Circus.' Damn fingers.
Just had some saint cupcakes. Damn those little things are good!!!
our boyz saw bieber c:
Bands I'd love to hear on Number1: The Peculiar Pretzelmen www.pretzelmen.com
Sorry I know my German.
Lonely road trip... To grass lake I go!
finally rendering a video, it's a #newgirl video. (:
Donkey Kong and a very different kind of brand confusion - CPA Global
Hi Love, I haven't been on much, so busy here also.I feel bad for not tweeting for ISF but I just don't have time to sit. How r u?
Maybe if I put dis fuckn phone down I'll go 2 sleep...
Almost Derby time.
21 minutes ago I entered the elevator. Just got out 1 minute ago. Geez!
Tf, I Missed The Fight..!
You're right Not sure I'm feeling the new tweetdeck.
Customer Appreciation Day at Woodstocks today Oct 4. 50% off everything Come down; join the party for the best deal ever! 11:00AM-midnight.
Chicago in 2 days. Where should I eat? Any good shows? I want to take my Mom to meet Sharkula.
is to fucking funny!
Let's go
You live in east gate, your not a "gangsta" stop acting like it
Gotta Say Good Night! For Sure!
#4famouswords Roll with the punches
she's ratchet :(
I am doing the absolute best I can to be the person God created and intended for me to be...Jesus rocks to the FULLEST!!! YA Heard???
Come to Olivia's for NYE!
Wasn't Dawn a two-person gig? Hm...
Skipping school tomorrow to go to the cape = not worrying about homework I put off
It Smells Like Candles. c:
1st WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 7...EAGLES/REDSKINS #TAKETHEOVER (37.5)...EAGLES GO UP TOP OFTEN & REDSKINS ARE DESPERATE TO SCORE POINTS
Damn is too good but can't do it all by himself
is that math correct?
rather be healthy than ill. Swag
On May 13, 1861 Union General Benjamin Butler and his troops occupy #Baltimore upon Lincoln's orders.
Cheap wing night + some SEC Hoops on at the house = a good Tuesday night-BH
Hangovers are the best... About to hit the store and get some more beer.
We all goin'a die some day, I wanna go out with a huge bang.
so true
Au contrair. I'm an unrepentant SMJ admirer who was left at the altar by his hero. Literally!!
I'M TIRED OF LOSING MONEY BECAUSE OF EUROPE!
short depending on the overall action in brazil
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.
You goin to The Queen Vic tonight. The entertainment is going to be great.
Its on my record fam. "Theme Music" I gotta shoot u a copy of that record mayne, what the email?
How can I hear your music
i'm done venting now
layin low handling some business got a bunch of school Ish
$60 VIP Reserved seats remain for tonight's NAFC "Kickboxing Gladiators" fights inside Milw Harley-Davidson, 11310 W Silver Spring. GA $30.
Study: The act of texting, eating and watching TV with an open textbook nearby.
I swear I hate street 🐱 they be so damn tuff👊dfl smh
Loving every track off Slick Living!! is a force to reckoned with in the Hip Hop industry!! I am proud to support him!1
This dude sounds like a robot.
#True :) RT : #Pisces are NOT nosey... They just like to be aware of a situation and always know what's going on.
Have you tried those dark choc drinks yet?
God blessed the broken road that led me straight to you <3
": CRYING RT : Dyke love is so cute and dysfunctional. Bitches don't know who should open the door for who.""
Messy hair don't care
Any reason why men think you should be mind readers???
#ifollowback Maria Thayer uploaded Pilot Season "Doctors Without Orders"
#didyouknow The California Roll was made in America (LA to be exact) during the 1960s.
ok, why?
cheers for the shout out - much appreciated! Thanks for providing such a great and free service for small indie brands!
Hi Randizzle!!! Not selling much today? You spend a lot of time on Twitter!
Sleep Is The Cousin Of Death
for the way things are nowadays ...yep!
or woman lmao don't know which
Follow Billy on Twitter
np! and thank you! =) will you check out my music?!
Yea I think Hanley is back. Yikes!
this policy brief is slightly killing me.
Today in Literary History: Victor Hugo, author of "Les Misérables" and "The Hunchback of Notre-Dame, was born in France in 1802.
damn home girl clothesline that foo
An #following quote of the day: "Some people dream of success while others wake up and work hard at it!". So true, please RT
isn't that good luck?
Shit my bad im gettin back so late just got off work
haha I bet. I seldom get on anyways so I never know who to talk to
Really is.
French meetup featured on the meetup homepage today!!!
I hear ya. I'm a red wine guy, though. Definitely not anti-wine.
rofl RT : And on the 116th Tweet, I might've gotten in trouble.
#LETSGOYANKEES! LETSGOYANKEES! LETSGOYANKEES! In our park? #Yankee fans stealing dingers? In our park? Makes me so sick! Wake TFU #O's fans!
Great Day to be in #GA ! #feelthelove JB ~
Man..... The Robert Glasper Experiment put it down in Oakland last night!!
RT : "Forward" is #socialism, is #Obama, is destruction of R Constitution\RT : #Forward to Socialism...
How do we get a copy of that Guide?
Just read the finished article. We couldn't be happier about it!
probably. Well, I lived a good life.
nope. Why?
I'm ugly.. I really am. Makeup doesn't do anything for me. Go ahead and lie, say Your pretty. I won't believe you. I want to die.
u damn right lol
Has anyone ever seen Unknown?
Ok...seriously need to get to bed soon....of course, I can sleep till whenever I want tomorrow
:/ babe I am sorry
Let's make that happen (:
OR, he can turn on the camera and record 5-minute video like Lewis Black on The Daily Show!
To help "The 99%" understand contract discussions, should team with on software to teach the language of GREED.
Looking through footage of "The Transcendant", yea!!!!!
I know how you're feeling. I have one leaving the nest this summer.
Happy LEAP Day
Ysudxftgrkhzg! I. Was. Just. In. A. MEETING. About. VidCon.
In the third week of January, companies from Warner Bros. to Microsoft add to latest job cut news.
ooh ooh, i've taken the ferry in seattle. what island did you go to?
But then I freeze & never do it, my tongue gets tied,the words get trapped, I heat the beat of my heart get louder whenever I'm near #1D <3
"Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention."
I want to know what Obama thinks of Pakistan inviting China to view our helicopter! Pakistan is NO ALLY!
I hope baron davis didn't just tear his knee
Take it to the head...
ah this is so sweet
Filming songs all day. What a loner.
RT No off-days for
Employers who ask for employee social media passwords could get sued for invasion of privacy. Yeah!
Tip of the day: Being on time is good.
That is SO exciting!! Can't wait to come & see!!
"I brought a Neil Diamond movie because I knew you haven't seen it." - Connie Poppe on "The Jazz Singer"
Lol.... I'm going round 11.. I can't get to much sleep, cus ill be just as tired. All I need is 4-5 hours and I'm good
I walk in then I turn up
Looking forward to teaching SWI tonight !
yeah, I was just being a smart ass and it seemed like she originally got it, but now. ..
My tummy hurts
- found you through NYT piece re: Baum. Keep fighting!
Any one want to buy me Starbucks in the morning?
and just to clarify.. I was never hating on chipper. Probably the only ATL athlete I respect at all.
& these black guys are sure liking us Latinas lol
4. Cross disciplinary exposure. 5. Journalists need data competency.
It's warehouse Wednesday! Come in and get 4g 1/8ths of any flower grown by Pink House all day! -The Tea Pot Lounge- Denver CO 303.656.9697
I want to work there
#Brewers have never faced Wieland before. That means the #Padres have a 99.9% win probability tonight.
Stenson's early meltdown leads to a traffic jam at the top after #Masters day one. Rory's birdie-birdie finish has him in a great spot.
Well, I'm already sure of what it is.
RT : Seahawks signed R. Gallery to a 3yr $15M deal 7/11 & released him today. NFL contracts should be written on toilet paper
beautiful ladies!!!
Relaxin on a sunday night...
Out of all of our interviews, who were your favorite and least favorite?
Funny, first thing I did when I got an iPhone was search for MSU
Sean payton and everyone else got what they deserved. I'm surprised you weren't involved.
What's amazing is, in that entire list, only 1 is not a sequel. And even that one isn't original.
Dope as usual!
Embrace copycat syndrome! haha RT : Don't forget about A Skylit Drive in 2007!
Coloring with my daughter is frustrating... She keeps drawing over and ruining my damn picture... Bloody amateurish 18 month old... ;-p
24 hour e-mails sent to 28 remaining photogs. 'Habitat' images should be live circa 7pm/8pm GMT on 1st May
... it's always great to bring new energy to a favorite chair. That rich blue will look beautiful.
Came Unglued on hubs tonight. Thankfully we behaved like adults & found a compromise.He is picking up some more responsibilities.
Please pray for my Grandma
Got pulled over in Arizona. Couldn't prove I was from Georgia. They're sending me back to Alabama.
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Don't lie don't cheat and don't make promises you can't keep.
yeah, just from all of the Tebow and Saints info! Mad crazy texts.
Yep! We're at One Market... ever go to Blue Bottle in the Ferry Building? We should get coffee sometime :D
yes, the instructions say put "0" if age is less than one
Sweet! I'll have to check it out after work
that's what I'm hoping. He has run out before, but I've been able to get him in after a bit of a chase. This time he seemed to>
RT Being yourself is the prettiest thing a person can be.
Sometimes things do not work out between you and someone because they are supposed to work our between you and someone else
I've said it before and I will say it again: god bless you gin and tonic.
#Indianabeer #craftbeer lovers join us on our first weekend for local beers:
everybody needs somebody. http//www.claudinemusic.com
So looking forward to the new issue of this week.
Yes! You are now Official! Great Connecting!
"This is one of the few "real" training programs out there - if you don't believe it, try it. You will not leave disappointed" - Jay-R Strow
Humor, We Hope
Don't forget "Eat more fiber." (Maybe that could be #12.)
“: Always good to know a lil bit of another language.. :)” ur barber must speak Swahili ?
“: Men who can dress and smell good >>>>” Love!
look here if you have something to say about me and my comment's say it or your a pussy!!!
ahh a dabbling of winter wonder, a prelude of what's to come.
Cant Get Enough ,Cant Get Enough
Tonight's double feature: The Cutting Edge and Blades of Glory. Boom.
first aid
Nope I'm in English class lolol
When I'm down and out I get up and write
Dang why?
Nice! Where did you find a pink foam roller?
Third final out of four coming right up. See you in three hours.
When a body is overly acidic, its ability to ward of bacteria and viruses is diminished.
Really feel like needs to do a comic on the suburban phenomenon that is the
Think I might buy some new clothes today, gotta get my fashion sense up lol I'm a nerd when it comes to cloth, gotta call my image girl!
[Thine] face is not worth sunburning.
Thanks for the pep-talk. I needed it.
whatever you don't know what goes behind closed doors! I don't go to deep into these people lives
power rangers never die... neither do
Which team will win Super Bowl XLV?
Wow! Must've been some mixer... :-)
": The amount of caffeine I consume daily can not be healthy." especially today
GET ON FACEBOOK! kthankxbye
I want to believe in the light of a dream place that we go world that we know in light of a dream<3
going home, I caught a virus
7 opp parties in Cameroon said to have signed Yaounde Declaration to protest results of Oct 9 pres elections via
My response to your blog post was going to be "Wow, you must have a nice camera!" but decided it went too far. Haha!
RT : Don't forget! If you on Sat, Nov 26, you eat FREE at Urban Cannibals!
If R Kelly's urine is half as soothing as his voice, then those undisclosed women were blessed.
Thank you!
ohh yea I remember lol..ur a baby lol😝.. He was really mad tho cause he has braids :/.. No one be rockin braids anymore lol :/
if I knew her better I would've said something but since I only see her at bowling it wasn't worth the fight!
It's fucking idiotic.
I don't like you
I bet Alice Sebold wants to send Peter Jackson to his own "perfect world" for that one.
thanks for spreading the word @ InnoTech. See you in October! Let us know if there is anything we can help with.
This is pretty cool, check out the homies
Follow me back please :)
And thanks to & for the added awesomeness @ our show last night.
haha thanks... Is that Maddie with you? She looks different
Passman seems to believe that we can just will the achievement gap away thru a sheer belief in traditional public education
Love those!
Already!!! I know you up on game ;))
if your hair aaint done DONT come to school! Stay yo ass home!
Open my shop next month Bangkok Thailand :) a lot of ting to sale!!!
Looking forward to tonight!
Ladies and gents, is back on twitter! (Good luck on that final Bb Hands)
The gift of coconut milk and Mcklusky. Dreamboat.
Dad asked if he could get a frappuccino hot.... *facepalm*
Is it wrong to not give 2nd chances?..
KYSSSSSSSSS like ten times you idiot!
Haven't seen my hometown in like 4 months, Fort what it do?
Being sick is awesome. Not bye...
yeah that's mee (;
Fell to $45,630? Wouldn't that put more people in a lower tax bracket meaning they actually get to take home more than before?
lol RT : zero drop = my nose from the ground from face plant wearing those.
You'd be surprised what comes up when you're truly in the moment and performing. Actors learn a lot about themselves.
taking 12 credits next semester........please pray for me!
gonna call it a night,shower then gonna go to bed. i think 11:11 does make some wishes come true♥
today has been headachy-think i shall tuck myself into a comfy bed.
Hi Fahad, I used to be an intern at ASAL.
It's ironic how US #Catholic Bishops r upset re: contraception coverage when the majority of sexually active congregants use contraception.
#18 is retired in Mile High for Kelly Tripuca. Ole Peyton's gonna have to don his college number
Did you know? It's completely Free to work with a Realtor. You don't pay us, the landlord/property owner does.
frustration ensures that you'll always face it, fear ensures that you'll always have it, But FAITH ensures that you'll always reign over it!
Jacob, thank for following. Have a great weekend.
Welcome to new friends! TY 2
Okay. Officially jealous Dan
Be happier this week: (1) sit down & say hello to someone, (2) have people over this week, and (3) visit with a neighbor.
Catlett's linocut on cover titled My Role Has Been Important in the Struggle to Organize the Unorganized (1946-47) (1)
Happy Mother's Day
They snappin w soca/calypso right now.
RT : Looks like the Lakefront Marathon will break its registration record and fill by tax day. File early to grab one of the last...
- via "Web"? And at work?? Lordy, times are a'changin'...
Sure appreciate tweets folks!! Wish I was there in person!!!
Bored af in the auditorium -.-
Thank you, we appreciate it.
welcome home
We're celebrating a bit early & hunting for eggs with our kids at our annual Easter egg hunt today! Thx 2 all who donated!
Lecturing on the push for the Dec. of Ind. in 1776 and on the Politics of the Young Republic; rather than what are on both syllabi!
I don't know yet
Love #NASATweetup intros by Great energy!
HARD: Getting hurt by the one you care about the MOST. HARDER: Acting like you don't care.
thinking of a master plan
Hm...interesting! if your the amazing tribute artist that I've seen videos of...I think everyone would know about u! XD
.. #hahaha! hey lil cuz .. just shoutin you out! are you still on those keys? :-)
so what's up
i hate when people don`t Get the hint that you don't want to talk to them #annoying!
i love my - the cutest man i know
I love working with women who are looking for answers to the problems they face now in their life. An insightful coach makes a difference.
emotional affairs are worse then a physical one
lol ok no worries I have been hella busy finishing moving. I'm so happy today is the last day. Lol :)
Did Davis just say "this is my shit"?? Lol damn straight!!
I've been breaking down a script all week and my eyes have become crossed. I need a motorcycle ride bad!
EVERYONE FOLLOW ---> << Get his eyes to 400 !
I'm broadcasting live on lowerlevelradio.com, check us out Groove Theory playing the best music on the net. we're on right now.
ok u got it
I utilize twitter 4 advertising our clients services and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it bad.
Black,grey and light tan. I have a falda you can borrow too
Now THAT'S dedication :p
Wish my sorrels had a bit less traction.
So I've never made a vision board before and am kind of interested in crafting one up this weekend...
I wanna dance in the rain.
RT : A friend loves at all times; a brother is born for adversity.Let's thank God for those who bless our lives.They r gold!
is it a message in a bottle or a blessin on full throttle. flipin through these pages like running through the walls of mazes.
You do know that cellulite is one of the main ingredients in corn chowder?
levers time you tweet me my heart beats a little faster
9 more days, '11 Field of Dreams! This year's presenting sponsors : , , & Thx!
been better. Feeling crappy at the moment but other than that it's all good here lol ;)
And in the library. is a good choice all around and you can start kids off with My Weird School
Bout to go take a shower and listen to WTF by sng is to funnie
yes, to San Francisco! Let me know if you're ever in the Bay.
taxes filed, pi day pie made, cleaning done- all in all a productive day off. now... it's porkchop time.
that may be the craziest thing he's ever said.
Problem is, for most Government ethics is optional at best...
Does the instructor know you're here? ;-)
There's a good chance you don't like me. But there's a better chance I don't fuckin' care.
chillen with my bratty baby cousin & reading this book for class -.- lmao. You?
And doing it in Arnie's house. Pretty cool. Anybody got anything else going on Masters Sunday now?
Congrats to Coach #Pop for winning #NBA's "Coach of the Year!" Sensational job this season & doin all his way.
great now she's making me help her :(
Fuck education connection
At graduation rehersal...eeeppp so nervous!
JEALOUS! Merry Christmas to two of my favorite people!!
RT : Thank you for starting a movement that took faith, and courage! May God be with you!
no problem :) I hope so too! :D <3
The old bay wings I had last night were so good. Great wins by the and Great night!
Hey Atlanta! RHY & Old Navy team up for free yoga classes at Centennial Park on Saturday, June 25th! www.getactiveyogatour.com
anything for you babe;)
Does anyone else remember when CBS would have NBA Playoff games on "Tape Delay" at 11:30 pm?
I learned something new. The Bush tax cuts didn't work because of 9/11 according to Newt.
Time for America's family game: network equipment failure! Yaaaaay!
check out spa boom.com you can add them simply to your website!
looking fwd to hearing about your trip! I'm heading there this summer
A real bad boy doesn't combine math and romance.
Laughing is fantastic!
Takes hours to fall asleep, then get woken up by a phone call at 2am, now i cant go back to sleep...
What a great mission! Keep up the great work
Happy Halloween!
follow miranda cosgrove
Never go to bed mad, stay up and fight.
oh sweet!! Ahh yeah they're expensive
Lmfao just realized what shirt says in the Somebody to love music video. Lmfao I am really late on that.
Some people just should not drive...
the KCAS where awesome
your rookie?
Great base running, White Sox.
Final round as a senior @ 9... Feels strange!! Don't know what I'm gonna shoot but I guarantee it'll be interesting! Let's go get it boys!!
How he texted me at 6 this morning , and said , "goodmorning beautiful" <3
I'm in cincy too! How did we not meet up?!
Thought it was a tad early for a GS run...
Congrats dude. Just heard the great news about you guys in touring with this summer - awesome!
Had no idea, what happened?
Look forward to seeing you at Homecoming tonight! Hail to Pitt!
We are only restricted by our own restrictions.
Why is it a "gaffe" if #Romney says he knows NASCAR owners? Dude is RICH! Who doesn't know? Just be your soft-handed robotic self Mitt!
sucks. We just want to leave your service because you charge so much & you "transfer" us till we get "disconnected" Hello
Good Morning (:
Says it on my profile. 😏
Ezek 37:5 "This is what the Sovereign Lord says to these bones: I will make breath enter you, and you will come to life."
and just threw one of the best concerts ive ever been too
complain, it makes me want to say certain things. If I say certain things, I'll lose my job. If I lose my job, can't afford cable.....
RT : Social first really means reader first. #nicar12”
“Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn.” ~C.S. Lewis
yes it is he a nice person :)
I do too! I love Philip, too, though! ack!
ridiculously late on this reply, but yes Honore does make amazing Kouign Aman! It's actually what they're best known for :)
I'm Happy Now :D .
TOUCHDOWN!!!! Let's Go Saints!
I wasn't aware that we're competing for that title, but yeah, you suck.
The Appraisal: An Apartment High Above 5th Avenue, but Without Frills In elegant Manhattan apartment buildings, servants x2019; rooms onc
May all of our 550+ members, followers, friends, and family have a wonderful Holiday Season! A New Year of inspiration is coming soon!
If pussy came in cans I wonder how many guys would be locked up for stealing??? LM(Blowed)AO
Ill do it for you (: lol
Happy Mother's Day!! Hangin' w/ moms *i'm pretty hungover btw*
You helped me get over my dads cancer, and helped me stay happy. Love you. #MuchLove <3
thank you :)
what are your thoughts on gay marriage?
Happy Turkey Day from the entire AYS Family!!!!! Enjoy and be safe
I love you guys!!
Clearly incompetent agency.
#Aquarius loves the element of surprise! Spontaneity, originality & wild humor goes a long way with them. Be urself cuz they despise posers!
was just at Pike Place market. Its normally a meat market, but right now its full of dudes desperately getting flowers for their honeys
R.I.P. Chris Hitchens.
Casa bonita! RT : I'm loving Denver, ...but still welcome extra ideas
Seattle has 29 snow plows. Denver has 200 light and heavy snow plows. Seattle measures snow by the inch, Denver by the foot.
Happy New Year from the east coast!
I accept that.
I'm totally crying, but your strength is truly an inspiration! :)
I wanna go see a movie tonight
Stop tweeting about me! RT : #headache :(
I have plenty of ideas but not necessarily appropriate. Haha!
Tiger, checkout #Tebow #Linsanity. Y dont u figure out some Christianity in your life & I bet that u & we see some winning results
You know that feeling when you wanna lock yourself in your room?
Looking like that?
Oh cool.
In order to find the percentiles, you have to divide the data sets into equal groups of 100
A girl after me own heart!!!! xx RT Pancakes anywhere!!! Me loves me pancakes!!!
Damn it , my teeth are screwed ! I need a surgery for my nose , and my knee is fucked too ! I need a new body :s any help ?
The cheerleaders on #TheLongestYard >>>
hahah, yeah, you know it.
Just wait. We will do trivia on Twitter, and something a little different on Facebook. Will drop this afternoon.
just sent you an email too. Let me know what's best.
benched tj houshmanzadah and big ben this week
: HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online Poker Act, reduces the #deficit & increases personal liberty. Please back online #poker in Senate!
Protein shake and oatmeal post workout. Feels good to now sit and rest!
Dream come true. Got high with a black man.
Sister time >>>
I've thought you were great since American Dreams! LOVED that show, but LOVE #Parenthood even more. Great finale!
haha, hey I'm only 38 :) I'm just training my way up to 100 x 100. Ultra running isn't the only form of endurance I chase...
Love it! RT : Enjoying today's Google logo? UK artist has just uploaded up a quick tune using it
Always chase your passions
# if my shy what? lol:p
i am in.
but those signings were indirectly influenced by Paul's presence on the team.
ringringring!! Hello?! Hi Frances!! Thanks so much for the follow!! talk soon!
Where can I watch the 7th season oh HIMYM online ?
We have a problem Where is your throwback Thursday picture? Did you forget or is my iPod being stupid?
well maybe if you STFU you wouldn't be in so much drama all the time.
Some surprise at #ASNE12 that President Obama came and essentially gave a campaign speech.
and should go to a #Braves game this summer?????????
Adding to my playlist, then its time to separate it into subgroups for other playlists. ♫ ♪ ♫
Old guy at table is gonna hollywood every decision, he also has the meanest stare west of mississippi
Sometimes I get REALLY tired of unpacking and packing. #leavingagaintomorrow :(
Sadly, children who have been abandoned are forced to grow and change in spite of a parents absence.
Awesome game last night !!! Thank you for putting a huge smile on my buddy 's face!!! ;-)
No problem
Wow, just got in a REALLY well-designed postcard for Pride 2009. Very nice looking. Thanks !
if that is what the attendees vote to the top, then it will be what we explore
Happy weekend back!
So I thought I lost my phone. Then I looked in my hand. :/
watchin' this dude lick a cows tongue is definitely a little disturbing!
what did nick say about philly? I can't see. I'm on my phone! ):
Calling Montgomery County
Instead of snow it turned out to be an excellent day to commute in on the Vespa.
Wanted to see , but the nearest theater, , is too pricey & only had 3D. I don't do 3D.
followed(: follow back thanks..
pretty good wbu?
So you cant cop that #MentalWarfare off Itunes??
My ears hurt. Does that mean someone is talking about me?
Congrats Emily! RT : Congrats to for the Online News Association for building community around ed reporting.
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.” ?? I love this one.
hi friend how are you al
i don't deal with hoes, was taught never to trust scum, & treat my money like pussy it must come......
no doubt its Cousins, but in hindsight, Turner was the right pick
MS in Accounting/#MBA Facebook Chat Tues., January 24th from 1-4. Become part of the conversation, join our group Apply
haha did she wanna have your babies?
I really hate when I don't have enough service for calls. It's 2012. Haven't we come far enough in the technological world to remedy this?!
Everything that the devil stole, Gods giving it back to me!
Keep positive: How are you going to #APPROACH today? Your approach leaves a first but more importantly a lasting impression
Technical difficulties with live streaming of the Commission's public input hearing. Please stand by.
Yo chick she so thirsty
Off to Seattle to give a talk at Museum of Flight tomorrow on "The Right Stuff Revisited." I look forward to seeing everyone.
Self expression, and the arts. Open-mindedness to creativity. Ability to be adaptive teachers.
sounds amazing! I'm going boating sat then chilling.
Muller: Road to OA began with a reconsideration of role and now makes all docs. with a few exceptions available to public.
Merry Christmas #Vegas !
#DescribeYourSexLifeWithAMovieTitle. Paranormal Activity
When you judge people you have no time to love them
I dedicate this song to each and every one of my haters, and not only the ones mention in this song. ANY ...
Had a dream i killed a nigha
lol Idk but he should be fired
FYI Amanda Knox was an exchange student from the US in a foreign counrty were something tragic went wrong. bit.ly/mHAGof
I feel like a modified rising card deck (traditional Bicycle) would be awesome.
Haha. Why did your mom take your phone?
So good, right?!
Bummer, please pass the word on to anyone you think might be interested. Don't work too hard now :)
She probably did!! She's a bad mamma jamma in
/fans-in-abq Have a safe Halloween!
EGR valve and sensor busted BOOM $700
Te amo gud night have to wake up early 2mm love ya :*
I like sleeping in....
Headed to PA with the fam
please no.
RT : What's your level of confidence in the U.S. economy? Why? AP reporter wants to hear from you.
#Brewers need middle relief (badly) and more then just one Lefty. Its good to keep other options open.
i just astonished myself
We will have to agree to disagree and move on!
UMinn identified its user communities and created profiles about their user needs and usage behavior
Stop taking pictures if my butt
I feel bad for Rivera. I'm cheering against his team, but I feel that. #Royals #yankees #yankees v
Cool! I'm from Kansas. Get them ready to go!
ok, i'll schedule tech out. what day and time is best for you?
I HATE LONELINESS.
It's 3:58am and I've been up thinking all this time. Got so much on my mind right now. Tired now. I think I'll escape this madness & sleep.
. It's 2.5x the average person's annual income.
Team No Sleep is us
Me likey. Ray Ray is so cray.
Blossoming Lotus Bar & Lounge Area OPENS This Monday ~ New Drinks, Food, Art & Our LOW PRICE Happy Hour Drink & Taco Menu 3-6 PM Mon-Fri
Are you a closet Mountaineer? LOL
At burlesque at Cardinal bar. Except it's not dancers. It's a monotone memoir reading.
I'm seriously considering dressing lazy the rest of the year.. #idgac anymore.
I just e-mailed a personal "Welcome to our Town" greeting to a new family that moved to our community and encouraged them to get involved.
I know an arm double in that movie so I have to see it and find her haha :)
#QueueBarLounge is where ladies gather b4 going into the club
Going Camping With And Annyssa! Gonna Be Funn:)
eesshh, I'm new to this. I still might have to cave and run back to #teamstefan I feel bad for the guy!!
I need something to just knock me the fuck out. For good
Going to sleep for real this time.
“The only limits in your life are those that you set yourself.” - Celestine Chua
M...sangria... enjoy a Red American Sangria for $4 or a Rosenblum Red Zin for $5 a glass at District Kitchen.
Buying stuff from your store (~$50). If it is convenient I'll be at WASHYARG, and then no one has to pay shippng... No big if not.
I want girl scout cookies in my belly, NOW.
Damn it...should've say with &
The concert was fun.. now going to eat with Boo Boo
thanks roommmmmiiiieeeee miss you!
How much deeper would the ocean be if sponges didn't grow in it?
The one Chipotle in all of Brooklyn has a 50 person line, that good. No its not a new opening or free burrito day.
Mother's love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible. ~Marion C. Garretty
That nigga took the red pill
funny as hell
it's all your fault!
Might as well be a boss.
but my aunt is full cambodian and my cousin is always gettin shit for being a atletic asian... doesnt make sense but people
Did you know the Balloon Museum isn't just about balloons? Our exhibits also include airships, sailplanes & zeppelins
Kalima has come full circle. She moved on to other HIV and sexual health work, then to Transform Baltimore with
if followed me. id just about die.<3
and we live in the same city now.
Will this be the year when <3 dreams <3 come true?
Good goin'. Congrats.“: I will give out the info for the Monday April 9th king of all blacks show this weekend!”
preciate that bro
Stuart Weitzman Fall 2009 trunk show happening now 4/13 (and tomorrow) 10A - 9P at Perimeter mall store.
hahahaha we have so much dignity
I want to volunteer for Hogs this year...how does one go about doing that??
Was that you who I heard typing away during the Presidental Library session? I wondered if it was twitter related or notes, lol.
"Ventrus expects to release Phase 3 data due by May 15th, 2012 from Phase 3 European trial of VEN 307 for anal fissures."
Life is true! Life is solemn!
One of best Xmas cd's is one that the Beach Boys did a few years ago. Still really like "Little St. Nick". Give it a listen..you'll like it!
No one likes a normal person
I say "bitch" a lot.
My cowboys....NO DEFENSE!!!! new cornerbacks please apply
I ain't messin' with ya'll Twitter Ghosts. Real folks only please.
when is it going to be 5?
Doctors at the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio
Twilight movie marathon weekend =D edward makes me smile (even in the books) LOL
What concerts are a must-do for this summer?
Increase, I think, Scott. Go for it!
Mother Of GOD! xD
First impressions are most lasting. 第一印象が最も長持ちする
I like cuddling wit him :)
man what is up with that tanning lady from NJ.???? f'n weird people....!
Headed to for annual mass comm advisory meeting. Always a productive gathering and great chance to interact with students.
for example (e.g.) what's a bizarre film or two?
what? I was there last week and I saw nobody..,
My brother I get that you're an economic determinist and are applying that in what you perceive to be an understanding of
So does a\my mustache count? as a ???
agreed, all involved need to reanalyze their participation. "Ownership" doesn't trump its history.
Ahh yes. Homegrown = Tough to beat.
Exactly, I can't even concentrate on organic. Come 9 O'clock I'm in big trouble...
lmao!! Jas girl we not about to go there again. We've had this conversation... That gorilla.. Ugh.
Anybody looking to hit the links tomorrow? Let me know!
tried to win tix on didn't know # of kids octomom has. i said 10, she has 14. i lost.
We look forward to having you as part of our team!
The longer you have to wait for something, the more you will appreciate it when it finally arrives.
Fina get ready to lay it dwn with my Jocky Pooh.
No please don't end.
Hey Y'all do me a favor and follow 's newest digital producer He's new and needs more followers!(:
I will get her one ;$
eek! I must still be on island time, totally leaving 20min late to pick up my kids from school! OOPSIES!
"Must read" is the new annoying twitter phrase. I must breath, the rest is optional. It!
Thanks ! I'm really excited to be in
The Imperial Scotch Ale has been brewed again will be ready within a few weeks!
last tweet of the night- KEVIN HART, IS THE FUNNIEST MAN SINCE DAVE CHAPPELLE!!!!!! GNITE~~~
Can't take this pain no longer. Family fallin apart, lost Dylan, slowly losing Tony - She is so nice<3, ily Jeremiah<3
yup I'll be there around 9 or 930!
Jerry McGuire!!!
I'm like tired... Why?
{__________________ :||} = what drummers remember about Glycerine by Bush
Baking our fall favorites: pumpkin whoopie pies, sweet potato pound cake, hermit cookies, harvest muffins, and the best apple cake ever!
Eat your favorite potato chips dipped in small curd cottage cheese with a sprinkle of cinnamon on top...yum!
yea mac's the way to go!
I'm trying to read through the relevant tweets, but do you want me to ask (1/2)
I would love an electric bike from Conscious Commuter. My pick for concept company at #AngelOregon. Growing market for e bikes.
Going to work for a few hours today. Need to finish massive K-1 return started yesterday. Don't want to dream about it over holiday weekend!
My left hand Perming my hair
Any iSchool students / faculty / alums @ #SXSW this week? Tweet us your photos / stories! (And maybe a tweetup if there's interest?)
Chilling outside the Hesburgh Library on the University of Notre Dame Campus. With
Tweeting from Low budget ways to connect readers w/auto using
bored and its raining listening to dido "thank you"
": ....don't get left in a roadside ditch....
I'm not from Dallas but I D-Town Boogie, I show my moves off and everybody trynna do me... is way jealous of my Really Fast Dougie
I can still bench more the you! Calling you out on that contest
We are doing well, just trying to keep up. I have missed talking to you too. Just keep praying
I'm still waiting for a s/o to the midfielders.....
"And the Wild Things roared their terrible roars..." RIP Maurice Sendak :(
If you follow Golden Corral on twitter there is a 100% chance you're practicing obesity
sounds yummy. Drink one for me :)
Holding on to anything is like holding on to your breath.You will suffocate.The only way to get anything in the physical universe is let go
Testing my new twitterberry!
I haven't talked about it because it really freaks me out. I just couldn't find the words before.. but I have them now. Some sad shit.
where are you looking for a job?
I'm leaning towards no, but its close. Still don't think NBA teams view him as a 1st rounder
I'm dying.
Via If the kids missed "School's Out; Art's In" today, there are still 3 more chances: 10am-3pm, thru Friday.
Thanks! You should stop by one of our shops next time you're in Portland or Bend.
So great meeting you, Amanda! Love your blog :)
I am the host of THE HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW on www.worldtalkradio.com. I am asking all interested home-based business owners to be guest…
I hate the spurs.
If skype is too difficulty, we talk over IM or e-mail... DM me your contact info.
I'm working my way through the 2nd ssn of #bsg. How do I miss shows like this when theyre on tv?
U like my heart <$
Night y'all i'm going to try to get some sleep
Let's rethink this analogy - NGP=D-Wade, VAN+NUWS=LBJ+Bosh Patton = Haslem???
50 twitter followers whoo-hoo! Not bad for being up only a month, and you are all FABULOUS xoxo Athena
": I miss #oomf :(" aw I know you miss me qt, I miss you too!
The wise person questions himself, the fool others. ~Henri Arnold
Dandruff, Eczema, Athletes Foot, Scabies, Sore Muscles, Arthritis Pain, and minor cuts have all been treated with Tea Tree Oil.
If only it was physically possibly to tweet as fast they do on
“: I heard theres like 7 pregnant girls walking around gbn this year #SMH at 2012”yes.
Yes, we will have them at the pep rally.. get there early, we think these are going to go fast.
Love the concept, I think it makes sense- but the price seems a little high for most
Gonna get it in for my bday
My message: HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY!!! I hope today is the AWESOMEST DAY EVER!!! See you at the WTK tour! :D Love, Taylor <3
brian jerome "likes" this
..to replace a decent income with good benefits that help support a wife & 3 kids..along w/ 's income
: #Aquarius are naturally attractive and naturally flirty.”
Got the most perfect job :) Hello full time $9.50/hour plus tips and commission!
#milwaukee We are introducing a new display and new products in our electrical department! Stop in and take a look!
Thank you to all of our supporters! Signing the contract tomorrow! Hard work pays off! TPC 4L!
Tonight award-winning PBS series "Craft in America" airs @ 8PM featuring alumna Joyce J. Scott '70 talking about her work & its family ties
I am now hostage to my damn married name until the divorce court processes the paperwork (and who knows how many months that will take).
yeah… actually that's way more accurate…
Looking for a Director of Marketing for my company, Unbounded Solutions. DM me if interested. #in Please RT
Local unsigned midsouth music--send quality stuff to let Memphis (and the world) hear! www.radio-memphis.com
See you all at 's culture shock! We'll be slinging cookies and listening to bands all day, come say hello!
I'm in the zone writing with the angels
Money is safer on Floyd than in a bank account backed by the FDIC. Money Mayweather, hate him, but he is insanely good. Crazy Good
Awh, thank you!
Upgraded technology and strings. About to upgrade hair. Happy.
You'll get to one day! Trust me! #IGotASecret. :) x
Just been sick in school, awkward..
Did you get your tickets to the 2012 yet? Its next Sunday February 19 at The Foundry & benefiting
I am bummed I missed this week! :( I will be back to being insane with you guys on Monday!
Just ripped out "I Walk the Line" by Johnny Cash on the guitar. Never played it before. Smoked it on the first try.
Well fix it anyway. Or steal a neighbor's connection.
haha! Agreed. We work with Joomla from time to time. lately it's been a lot of Magento and ExpressionEngine
MICROSOFT WORD, STOP HATING ME.
Thanks for tagging me! Looks like I just missed the broadcast. Is a replay available yet? Thx for yr support! LetEmPlay.us
No. It squirts.
You'll understand why I want you so desperately. <3 :)
Late to the party but my girls and started without me.
Berkeley College loves Monday. Hope everyone is having a wonderful day and staying focus on what needs to be accomplished during the week.
I'm sick too. The worst !
I AM FREAKING OUT !!!!! MY IDOLS AREE IN MY STATE!
not if I design it. If its my design than it will be perfectly flawed! Flaws add character & charm.
N I got a bad bitch without no flaws👌
You can still buy a home today with Zero Down USDA loans, contact Community Mortgage 877-829-7161, Indiana Lender
We have expanded our Portland delivery zone and you can now pick up your online orders at our downtown location! www.klassicgemcuisine.com
i am so sick of the movies they make today,. why does they cus all the time, they are filthy and rude, i'm sticking to with old movies!!!
people can really hurt u... :(
Guilty pleasure done! Thank you Now time to write about talented #Latina artists.
Every day #BOYFRIEND comes on the radio on the bus home from school. Everyone sings along :)
Who is that though?
The bottle is looking alot my attractive
thanks, Lisa! Best of luck to you!
Aaaaaahhhhhh! Its amazing ♥.♥
i got you g
Volquez should go crawl under a rock
My new cousin is on the way!! :)
Sad To See The People I Love Go But Hope To See In The After Life ♥
Jacob & Phillip. ha, brilliant just brilliant. :)
Good luck to everyone running in a race tomorrow!
happy,i got another big brother:P
Rodeo Cook-off starts tonight & HLSR begins next week- stay on track to healthy eating with Epicurean Lite! www.EpicureanGroup.net
Thumbs up after watching
Normal is So over rated. We go above normal 2 KrAzY
should have sponsored the Carrier Classic.
add me on facebook peepz
Every time I come to my Mother in Law's, I convince myself that I need to get cable when I get home.
I hate Jack Fagger aka Jack Swagger >:-(
Thanks. After talking w/ other authors and editors, I finally decided to do Twitter. Have to find a decent pic.
*city bus
RAWR! IM A ZOMBIE HERE TO EAT 's DELISH BRAINS!!!! OMNOMNOM! Kthxbye.
and boom, you just did. Maybe Klout does know what they're doing. :)
right? That's a show I will never forget.
When I was at your age, I lost my tooth, not my virginity.
A bevy of beautiful young ladies will attend to your wants in Raphael's neckwear and gloves department, 15 Kearney Street.
At for Tuba Christmas 2011
You got it. On vacation this week. Keep messing around. It's the best way to learn.
really want to know the reasoning for that foul...
you taught his fans to have faith and willpower to get ahead in life
Jealous. And yes, I met Jessica Alba. (And saw Oprah, Michael J. Fox, Uma Thurman, Kristen Stewart, etc.)
A rare 8 point KICKED #Kronum was the highlight of the night.
I was too late to that party, carter.
thanks for the props!
A big Twitter group hug to all of you who show up for therapy! You're the best part of our Tuesdays!
I can't stand certain types of ppl
its my friends bday and i dont have $15 to get halo reach for him ah this sucks
Enjoying my only day off this week.
Ima bring hot chips tomorrow :) I'm not Sharing
your tweets are distracting.
Where would you all like to see us play next?
don't you dare call her a bitch
Apparently I just won the Mexican National Lottery! Weird, I didn't even enter it!
this week i dont want to worry about a damn thing!!
kill it with gin
whos in it? & whats it about?
#yobitv I am beeing active. I am a Team player but I dont see my tweets. dag can I get one tweet through
can our dress for graduation be 4 fingers ?? or do we have to have sleeves ?
oh fun. I like that place. Alright I'm going to crash. I'm tired. Sweet dreams
They gave that #Yankees Garden Gnome Mark Teixeira's eyes.
tweets during calc exam... Bold
bummer. When will it be fixed? Plenty warm in Milwaukee.
Guess whos video montage was first on shefters report?! That's right! Upshaw!
Welcome all my #Sweet new Followers. Give S/O And I'll #FollUBack :))
anybody know a good place to shop for a faucet for a kitchen sink?
rubbing his elbow (wenis) untill he sent me to the principals because he wouldnt gimme the
Looking forward to SPN in Houston next week. Visit booth 203 to see why Pedz system is the only true solution for protecting peds patients.
Meeting went well!!!! Paving the way for new artists....
some of the museums are closing too. Maybe I should be nervous?
Only could make bowling fashionable! ah her dress was soo gorg like always!
Yay for waking up early tomorrow...
i want celtics to win but also lakers :)
Signed, College students everywhere.
Thanks York Surf! How are the waves this weekend? I heard they were good yesterday.
I heard a fuck boy said I anit hot seen 97s, turn hot97 they still trying be me from 97s...
my pleasure! Be sure to post pics!
Sharing feels so good.
you gonna be in atx in July? that's when I get back from working at camp
agreed - I keep adding to my list rather than crossing out.
eahh good part! well goodnight(:
audacity + mp3 file cut the part you want and copy it to the phone..
I love how my "friends" talk about me in front of my face and behind my back. Seriously, get a life and stop judging mine.
FCSO confirms man shot, says he's stable
Need your HELP guys! I've brown hair.. & I wanna dye my hair red, like 's hair! Should i dye my hair red? TWEET ME! thx. =)
where you moving cuz?
RIGHT NOW: A hint of daylight, an ocean breeze, eavesdropping on neighbors while they eat. Love it! Yes, I know I'm a big weirdo. DEAL.
hey mandy ur awesome follow me plzzz im following u!!!!!!
So I don't even know if you're kidding anymore or are you just being this much of an ass?
#BadChurchNames Victim's Witness
Thanks so much for adding us to your literacy-orgs list!
Everyday I tell myself I dont miss you, but I know it's not true.
Crazy here right now!! Static & our sister venue are nuts!
Weird kids + Well educated kids + Degenerates = WCC
Happy Daddy's Day to all you guys out there. Mine is 86 years old. I'm taking him to dinner.
yeah but.. u know.. it's not the same</3
thanks for the reply
Agree RT : Not sure how I feel about ads featuring hashtags. I'll be interested to see how brands use those streams & Tweets.
TRIPLE FEATURE SUNDAY.
can we stop pretending that grad supervisors and uni administration aren't bosses in addition to providing mentorship and training?
Somebody going to get they ass beat up today
Wow what a bitch.
I use it to save my Instagram photos to Dropbox & notify me when new movies are added to Netflix instant.
Thanks for listening Carlos!
I'm going to smile like nothing is wrong, talk like everything is perfect, act like it's all a dream, and pretend like it's not hurtinq me.
Sounded like it to me.
Illinois bar and grill polish! Put it on your bucket list. Really!
Meme of the week: "socio-technical"
i got accused of being a cia operative using diplomatic cover today by a loud protester brandishing a chinese flag. that's a first.
#TipOnTakeout ? DO YOU?
"Everyone makes mistakes, but always remember to admit your own first before you point out someone else's"
I'm wearing a tall-T tuxedo T-shirt 2 the wedding. Because it says I'm formal. But im here to party 👔
which ones
I know...my husband thought I was crazy.
you could beat up
I would have loved to have referred folks to , don't trust them after this sleazy tactic
You'd be thinking i'm having a house party in the morning music so loud. I love having no one here
Want a fried cinnamon banana on your burger?! we've got em!
Love my girlfriend <3
Live out of town & don't want 2 drive? Take the train, Capitol Corridor! Fast & affordable & u arrive in the heart of the Sac Jazz Jubilee.
Everyone follow oh man!
For the brave: every Friday 11-close at Three Aces $10 for a 3 Aces Double Double, PBR, and shot of Old Crow.
What to do to die today at a quarter to two today. I think distinctly hard to do & harder yet to say
we just that sexy
Happy Birthday to Maybe the Coyotes will be sold to a new owner that will move the team to Quebec City for his bday.
Seriously, wouldn't that be awesome?
Thank you so much everyone for all the kind words! Blessed to have so many great people in my life
haha whatever bro...
"WTMW" (welcome to my world) is sounding hot! Its dropping this month
Unfollow this account and follow
Good to be back, work's been crazy, but I should be tweeting 2nite, watching a movie.
stop being fucking childish
Yea, I hear you, but I've watched hundreds of shows for at least 2 mins. I just don't understand excitement...
RT : RT Photobooths -corp fun are what we do-like class reunions, proms, movie premiers, Zany events/amusement park
lmao i concur with you lol
It is wiser to find out than to suppose. — Mark Twain
Feeling free 😁
Sisters: they are what makes your world shine bright when it goes dark, they are their to make it all better. I LOVE MY SISTERS!
My parents' cat is currently looking for reassurance that his existence in our Universe is meaningful... At 6am on Sunday morning.
haha xD having fun is all that matters
Glad you like it!! We are going to be having a summer sale soon. Pick it up then! :)
RT : If the Bobcats lose tonight, they should just sign five actual bobcats to play the season finale against NY.
Where are you headed? What's your highest wish for yourself if there were no obstacles? Once you're clear on that- make it happen!
I wanna fuckin punch her in the mouth.
i love you so muchh!hearing oyour voice really cheers me up!<3
A #ghettobandage is a kleenex, pre wrap and kinda sticky, old med tape.
Happy Holidays.
Nerdiest moment of my life: musicologists joking about a database search for a list of Phrygian cadences resolving to C.
Thanks for following us, Deane!
Haha just climbed a christmas tree.then fell:(
Going On Facebook...So..Yeah...Peace!
So bad ~
Get in at the beginning of something BIG! New company, publically traded, free to join, great snacks! Go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Q: How does Bill Gates screw in a lightbulb? A: He doesn't. He declares darkness the industry standard.
Rolling stone is legit the best magazine ever
Preparing to speak at Speedway American Legion Post 500, 1 of our largest in Marion Co across the street from IMS
Notice Madonna dropped towards hell at the end of Like A Prayer.
Oh Son! You have it going on with the ladies! Keep up the good work
No Brooklyn this time around. I have been to WTC many times before & after..
MT Never tried Pho? No problem! Come by and we'll tell you all about it. You'll be glad you did!
great work team!
Lol.It seems industry related press has rated Simon Dylan Ian Xander Thunder aC+List Celeb.2make B/A List I have2accept music/film/tv offers
Hard to write on two hours sleep. Whether it's for grad school or myself doesn't seem to matter...Why do toddlers need so much less sleep?
that's the world man. It's always about the money.
I think we should chat about the Hobos in Indy for the SB, and how they should all be dressed up as butlers, and serve us.
Can I get the girl that did the Thunder half time show twitter name anyone ??
Maybe they're trying to hack your phone. :-(
“ never betray someone who were true with u from the very start.. #Loyalty”
Aww im soo sad spring break is over time for BORING skool
just woke up exhausted with a horrible sore throat... -___-
The two greatest words in sports. Game. 7.
105 days until
Yes...it's getting better. I love it.
so much for true best friends !
Was walking my dog my battery died! Nice, so Johnny Depp right?? Awesome! Yeah, do pushups every other day to stay in shape..
what time does it start
Slothfulness continues post Mexico but I have legit excuse day after shoulder surgery. Moms riccota cheesecake, Frontline, oxy +
right? I'm always like I'd like to see youu last a week! And yeah that part is easy, but it's a sport that you have to be
RT : Mobile strategy tip: Critical info/call to action in 1st paragraph, use bullet points. No one wants to read just...
Council hears reports on ACLS Board of Directors nominations and report to society delegates.
The key being "alert enough to notice".
Cute guys that wear glasses just for style >>
Coming soon! #DianeMorlan's new #cozymystery #ShakeDownDead--blackmail, politicians, and murder! Yum! A new
Live life to the fullest <3<3
Lol...I think Ron Artest is a little off. He was on one...hahaha. I always get a good laugh from him. I guess #Lakers got away with the W.
Why is the valley so fucking HOT. It's almost November, world!
dental surgery = froyo for dinner = win
i did and she said tht she didnt say anything bout or to u i dont no though but i am staying out of it
Excited 2 use the weight vests & sandbells in our workout Friday! The sandbells r such a versitle piece of equip & GREAT 4 bball Grip work!!
You all must be getting excited for the #SuperBowl...our #Pats and #Giants gear has been going fast!
tell me that tweets about the legend
she is the jump rope queen! Stud!!!!
Google Tasks + Google Calendar + OmmWriter. Readability for those good, long online reads that I don't want to forget about.
Q1 at $1,300 each year, we only bought Britannica for our 3 largest branches for a district of 12 branches, also had online access
I'd used Edge on an iPhone over anything else.
sorry that Ive gotten your tweets late, I didnt know how to use twitter for awhile haha. Hope your doing well =]
Martin & Orloff: "My mind is an idiot!!" UCB humor jokes streaming on Netflix.
well sure. Don't you? Am I overloading you??? :)
Thank you Senator Johnny Nugent for supporting working Hoosiers.... Vote No on RTW...
This world is extremely small...........TOO SMALL
Gabbie found my oreos... Ah crap...
Okay :) Thanks for the info :)
Thank goodness all is well. That calls for another Frap in celebration. Hope you guys have a good weekend.
Kobe makes back to back shots in the finals seconds to put this game away. Los Lakers! El Mamba! Ganamos! :D
Oh that was different
there's always next semester!
Watching the Hannah Montana movie! 💙💙💙
