Keys made. Car keys cut and program.
my teacher gave me till 4pm to email it to him so yeah i will have no social life at lunch
20 hours...you have to be GOING NUCKING FUTS right now!
I'd ask for your number and introduce you to my mom.
I know. I was really happu! It will appen to you soon!!
I was raised in a very LOUD/honest family.
Yay! RT : Just wanted to know I had some ppl over this morning, they got all excited about CAT GIRL'S DAY OFF.
Ciao bella*
well I assumed u were gonna be....cuz u asked if I was workin sat or sun..
Are you going to make it out in time? If not, let me know and we'll run a repeat.
I heard Austin gives great hugs. I want to experience one. I'd wear clothes made of super glue so he couldn't get me off though!(;
If a hug represented how much I loved you, I would hold you in my arms forever.
Today was a god day. :)
u the same, let the family know i said hi, hope to see u all soon
Me thinks and r the best road trip co-pilots i've ever had.
.....y is it retarted
I understand. I'd love your feedback when you do! Thanks!
I was wondering how SAA would respond to doing this, b/c of hotel room quotas.
cold in Chicago???
- wear 'em down with your enthusiasm - who, you? never! ...I'm glad that you do. :-)
Re-reading Chasing Cezanne by Peter Mayle for the 6th time.
: "Wherever you go, go with all your heart." - Confucius
thanks for coming out last night. It was good to see you.
Chicken Dinner Road is trending. ? That would be located right next to Mashed Potatoes Dr. right?
Been away 4m postn updates, been so busy. now showtimes are over at least till Sat time to wrap up the video for "All I wanna do" & relax
Dumbest premise for a show ever. I also don't know why his voice changes to Bob Saget's when he gets older. I do watch it.
I walk around saying cake, cake, cake..... Haha
you are so beutiful!!:)
Adding screen print designs to pre-made t-shrits does not automatically make you a "fashion designer."
Facebook, apparently
Now it's over :( RT : okay I'll turn the tv back on!
their choice... fee would require overturning people's ord, which requires public vote...
Arrived Morgantown for WV Leadership Conference ... ready for kick-off ... er, to conference dat is, not football...
reply to text messages homofuck
right, right. Thank you. What about theories along the trajectory of context sensitivity that MacKay proposed?
Let's do this!
im doing kayy, and you??
take me with you!!!
I am so stressed -_-
happens all the time. Recommender algorithm?
(something witty but poignant... perhaps a pun or aphorism).
Being nice sucks....it gets you ignored and taken advantage of
Good Luck Tonight At Magic City Casino With the
I'm gonna be nice :)
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Friday 04/27/12 is Sally, Ian and Dan!
why would you sit your best player??
Fueling ideas that shape the marketplace
tonight from 12 to 3! Going to be a good one
dang next time. I want to try piano blue. Is that in MKE?
Genuine love and nothing less.
move your ass to Bmore, bitch.
No Kyrie for a week, at least.
The sound is out on your live feed.
M nutella. O how I've missed you
Absolutely, send me dates!
Some iconiacz are bitches, not gonna lie
Lol, Funny Hahaa, Nurse, What hospital do You supposdly work in?. XD
well I find my self in NYC often--back there on Monday for an interview and moving there the beginning of the year. Come visit!
#cody right now; what's your favorite song? (:
“: No Cherry Wheat. Could be a Guinness day. RT : there at least Cherry Wheat?” Sounds like a plan to me.
Getting Willow glued back up at the vet. :\
Haha. That's the
Dying hair :D
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.9 US, $107.9 global... 119 screens in the US as of October 9th and 21 weeks; now playing in the UK.
NYC......Wolfpack is coming to ya' tonight at 92YTribeca
Direct TV is killing me. I am missing the Once Upon a Time finale. If this isn't fixed by Mad Men time I'm going to throw a major hissy.
Creativity can be described as letting go of certainties. -Gail Sheehy Enjoy your evening.
Havent Decided When To Release For Download...We All Exclusive Music With It For the Summer
I will mail some ;-)
Question to all...do u think Messi and/or Ronaldo put up that many goals playing in the Premier League?? Tough to say, but I don't think so.
When I live in college im going to start journal writing again. That way my mom wont find my stuff again -.-
justin bieber
#NCSL staff says given the tone in DC, expect a big House omnibus bill addressing pensions/state bankruptcy/bailouts. States wont like that
Why am I so tired when I slept all day?
Connor bought me a T.S.O.L. patch :)
when are you coming home? i need some elliptical.
Where would our country be without the men and women who serve us in the military? We had and still have the best! Thank you!
What a beautiful day in Boston! Come enjoy great food and drinks on the patio!!
Maybe that belongs in quiet rooms along with the tax policy discussion
Check you email
Ima Put It Back On There Fam It Really Go Tho Its On My Mixtape
"Let it be(Acoustic) remix by Kevy Savuwa a.k.a pH",this is real heavy staf guys.tune in and listen to it.sweet hamonies,light instruments.
George Zimmerman thanked his "supporters" for vandalizing OSU's Black Cultural Center - what a terrible awful evil thing to do.
um I'm sorry? I didn't know? Umm ill stop? I'm Sorry... But i won't stop talking to him. But I'm so so sorry!!
REMEMBER: he will NOT come if there is not AT LEAST 3,000 stories! Get ALL your friends to send 1 in too! no spamming! :)
You don't need to lose it to know that you have it good.
do u have any idea how much african babies are worth these days, hustle hard baby them student loans aint gon pay themselves
Soon, "whatever."
why do people who sit on this long bench in the coffee shop all have RESTLESS LEG SYNDROME!?? i can feel your foot tapping!! owwww
Happy Felix Pie day!
happy Easter I love you baby <3
Hey Ray. I only watched the UFC fight last night... Diaz vs Miller. Good fights.
Ha totally. If you know any "need to see" places in Ecuador let me know I will be there this summer for at least 5 weeks.
At least it was last November... But maybe schedule is diff for summer?
thanks! Would love to have your help!
That's okay :)
God do I love autocorrect. Helps so much when you're drunk.
Tom needs more playing time next year, don't you think, Rob?
That's actually a trick to set your makeup xD
Thank you for joining us today.
I wanted to respond to your Muppets nail polish tweet, but couldn't come up w/ anything cleaver. "Meep-Meep-Meep?"
Lord, teach your people to take their feelings to the Altar and not to work!
Shout out to Pat Battistini
Finally got a Blackberry Storm! I love this phone
I would love to hear about that!
Gallery 924 is open late tonight. Stop by and check out the beautiful pieces by Nhat Tran! We are open until 6.
I was your 390th follower ;D EVERYONE FOLLOOWWWWWEWW
how old are y'all?
Individuals' rights > states' rights.
Great to connect ! You do such important work.
body all angles...grindin like she kno me in reality we strangers!!
today was fun, jammin to songs in class is always fun!! (:
I just noticed that the post has your original post and then your update, cross-posted to Groundswell. Lucky us!
Thank the #Lord for my kids even if nobody else want'em #Tupac #deadbeatdads can
Standing at turn 10 about to watch whip some #lbgp ass.
What is one to do while waiting to go do something really scary?!?
I can't believe this is a job.
Shouldn't you both be at work?
What if any of the Bulls could dunk?
Bad looking fingernails? Biotin can help-cauliflower is a great source of this b-vitamin.
Who else is seeing Radiohead tonight at Roseland Ballroom?! We are counting down the hours...
Good Morning. Diving into cornflakes then off to Will County for a bit.
I just have a thing for singers. And/or a guy in a work suit.
if Tory from the MythBusters came to deliver it to me. Or Adam. Either one. :)
Wish You all very Happy New Year 2012. Have great success in 2012 and years to come.
One. Last. Day.
it pays to know guys! get err done.
Thanks! We're super excited for the forthcoming design changes and new feature sets we'll be rolling out soon!
ask Kobe would do you celebrate the night you lose game 7 just like the Patriots did?
Dusty over tomarrow, movies then probly....
Thank You to VeteransSale Save 25% plus free shipping on all CloSYS products. Use Code: THXVET25 www.closys.com
just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight :)
God is good . Chris leading the Nominees with 6 Nominations . Congratz man keep up the good work . from a true Fan
I wanna smoke one wit Obama
Looks like I did.
Taco bell's doritos locos taco is just ehhhhh. Not that much of a game changer.
would you pray for favor and wisdom as I hear God about ministry direction?How, when, where to step out;If & how long to stay put
We are looking forward to returning to NYC -next Friday Aug 26 to play an awesome venue way uptown
Soon as I get up my mom wants breakfast lmao
I'm prob the only that thought there were 2 starting days for #WPTHardRock. Just pulling up. WOW.
don't drink the nailpolish remover
The only time you fail is when you don't learn from a mistake.
i don't have my laptop that's why lol
Client list time! :))
Cocktail Guess: ‘Make Me Something Classically Old Fashioned, But Not A Classic Old Fashioned ’
B.A. in Communication from USC. Now I'm !
i told both of yall at the same time-ish. like.. i messaged yall both.
What? is coming to #sschat this Monday at 7pm est? Wow, you don't want to miss that. A special Elluminate session? Cool!
Let's follow 4 follow. Will help support eachother? Try the site on my profile for mass free promotion.
4/30/1778-> G. Clinton: Upon every rational principle we should have, if possible, more than a respectable Army on foot
we've got master social studies educator presenting middle school project-based learning across DC. Student explorers!
My brother created a cool music 4 me! The name's ''My brother is Pedro''. Listening it now.
Well, yeah, obviously , preferably in a honeymoon suite somewhere, but what I really meant was Hemingway and HST.
Social networking experiment on NEMESYS facebook fan page. T Minus 1 Hr....
Happy Monday everyone! Back to the daily grind! ;-)
There's a dude at the bar reading "Winning a local election for DUMMIES".
first tweet goes out to all you #mahomies we're here to support you! :D
Today am at Midwest Interfaith Immigration Summit in Ohio. Getting ready to take on FAIR with the strength of congregations. Support reform!
Damn I hate fagz
Shedrick brother why you playing like you don't know
A �gross� is a dozen dozen, or 144 items � the more you know!
what types of dogs do you have
a show
Allegrippis trails in Raystown PA on my SIR 9. Followed by campfires, bbq's & cold brews. Thanks for the #FF Shout!
more more!
great idea!
true but i would love to see ridiculousness if beiber wasnt annoying me with every work he says
Off to school :-)
Gruyere, so delicious! BTW I am so in for a field trip to Cheesetique.
I think dreaming helps to keep me in reality lol
none taken, ;-) hope you have a great day
Just saying hello...pr Nice to meet you.....love your music & twisted but creative mind, I like how you keep it real~@& CCMAMA
Yep all kids r #assholes : Finally home, not feeling well. I think all the babies on my various flights got me sick.
It's A Wonderful Life is on ! Favorite movie ever!
Can't wait to watch on prank stars tonight
U of crse, my Lady!
Where's my when I need her...
Something amazing is happening today in the world of #Dance #Chicago- do you know what it is?
i love that a youtube commenter says "this video make me nostalgic for my future"
oh you should try one this year. They are so nice :)
I'd definitely have to think twice about that one. Maybe.
hey next time i come out to LA (im there often) If your down.. Lets do a photoshoot! definingmomentsbysm.com... Let me know
so much to do this weekend! Lots of great back to school sales, Husky Picture Day, did I say shopping? Oh yeah! :)
see my tweets with
the draft is really making me miss football season.
I'll go sleep! but is very late G'night
If I get one more work email about an event, without an actual calendar invite, I'm going to scream.
I am still in pajamas...I fear I'd require a ride back home LOL
Bulls win!
Sounds corny I know... But i really do think you can follow your dreams. I am in the process of figuring mine out. Then I will follow them!
200 million children suffer from chronic under-nutrition
geez, just received 3 spam tweets during #edchat in just 45 minutes...ughh , anyone else?
New clothes :) #guess #Johnvarvatos #
I'm starting to see no point n fb
And to think cookie dough ice cream awaits me in the freezer. Shudder.. ohsogood but still I insist... shudder
Just posted to the #MarkLogic developer's list. Hopefully someone can decipher my error log message :-\
I dread for Monday's to come.
Hey - We both used to work at SAM!
250 badges and 250 stickers for a little under 100 bucks
Trying to find proof theUSOC pays olympic athletes who medal a bonus. Anyone know where this is officially listed online?
wait! When did you sign up? Congrats momma! Xo
what kiind of blue:o
Aww I miss you too and what's up with all the hospital visits... you make me worried 😥
So since they have lunchables, I think they should start selling dinnerables with like steak and stuff in the little container....
Even though I don't agree with what she does, but I love this show
Yea, and a little scary, TBH.
Congrats, Sarah! Love you
I really love new jewelry tools..just ordered a new riveting system that I can use for some new designs..can't wait ti get it!
TY Sweety. u made my day :)
#3WordsForYou Go Spurs Go
feels good to be back engaged on Twitter! So much to catch up on and insight to take in!
Nice job admiring that flyout to the warning track.
Career* RT ": KG been setting moving screens the entire playoffs"
But it's all apart of our plan, so don't question it. Good things come to those who wait!
Is Herb Kohl really going to keep the bucks in Milwaukee? I hope this happens to help keep the economy going downtown.
don't hate on the game now sidelines gotta earn they way on the field
Tweet poetry RT : Bud break is here, leaves are opening...By end of next week, spring will be here, tractor out of the barn
WTF!!! Some serious voodoo on the goal scoring.
Dylan, like my best friend, decided that he wants to join the marines.. It's sad because I don't want him to go :/
you're amazing. I love you so much!
Also, by the looks of that Kaiser helmet, there might be Nazis.
so now I still feel sleepy but also lazy & gross. Oh well,
Gotta love Ron Paul he has his own thoughts!
Weights...done. Cardio....done. Day....can start!
Passive-aggressive commentary? I almost never sing.
AH! By the way, are you back soon??
Raven and Kevin Sullivan talking is probably one of the most entertaining things ever.
year strong just on today fm. Random surprise for the drive home haha :)
I feel it now man glad we are both still breathing
Gumby's last official night open.
Unfortunately our product is only available at select Walmart stores. TY for your support, you can always order on Clear2O.com too!
oh cool! Very exciting. I am so glad so many artists are inspired by/documenting the movement through song!
Kenny/Tim Mothers Days giveaway pack just loaded!
I swear I get more today that I do on christmas
Oh rad, thanks! Didn't want to assume you were the same persons. Awesome, we're amped too. Be in touch soon!
Say anything but no
i was about to do something, but she left
I also don't know I want to but I don't no if I will b in town when they have there concert in Florida
Starting off my first day of college with a psych class
Tonight was made for mistakes
RT if u want a SHOUTOUT!
You can lose 1% of your metabolism a year after age 20. Exercise can bring it back!
RT : If you hate our tax system and want a religious conservative gov't w/no abortion or gay marriage, Iran is waiting for YOU
Palm trees, silhouette mountains and rooftops. I keep the beach close to my side.
nice, I will check it out!
#PENFest12: What do we owe our youth? Artists and activists on the Children’s Rights Movement, 5/5, 5-6:30
Already had mine. so lovely!RT : Oh darling, we can't wait to have you! RT : 3hours til Christmas Tea
You are amazing:D
"Okay, you're not the real Santa Claus because you just called me a ho and your eyes are not blue," Mary, my 6-year-old cousin.
Some people trend the dumbest shit....#yolt ?
This is to funny! was just talking about how she never has stayed in a motel before!
On roadtrip to search for gr'parents' rent houses in early marriage, called gr'ma and asked for more directions and...
In which manner do you sort your clothing?
All across the world, PMOs work to ground debate about parl efficacy in facts, often to MPs consternation
Yeah! Confirmed the May 19 Tea & A Dream Foundation event for one of my favorite pairings: #tea and
An exhibit to withstand tens of thousands of frisky visitors without coming down on their heads?
just submitted my #SpecialLibraries evaluation. effin' retarded. Now I'm gonna chill out with some hulu and try to let it all go.. *breathe*
We're at the game. Are you on your way?
heck yeaa we do!
"Dubya Alums Rice, Hadley, And Gates Join Forces For New Consulting Firm" #huffpost How to start pointless wars!
It's scary to realize how much one year can change you
My taste buds are doing a happy dance! Thanks for featuring my favorite flavor on my birthday!! Turtle Sundae! The best!!
Wake and
Shopping 4 clothes when ur 40ish stinks. I don't want to look 16, but I'd prefer not to look 75 either. Thanks.
You Can Take Me Out Da Hood But Da Hood Still Be In Me
#UHbsb gets one across - and now trail #SACstate 3-1, Kitamura with the RBI single and runners remain on the corner
Looking forward to the opening
Looks like Jordan Caron will play for #Bruins tonight. Bold move by Julien.
Ohh I need a program called MacDefender ... :P.
Ateam is definitively still in the makin lol
Watching Warren Buffett on #PBS talking about how he should pay more taxes and not get #socialsecurity . Amazing guy, amazing attitude.
Did you know that today is birthday? Let's see if we can make the twitter box blow up today with b-day tweets!
...Benjamin Franklin.
RT Five Tips for Getting Coverage at #CES - What learned with at
Your face is okay, but your purse is too tight
going on a run right now
yup, it's really clear that you're inspired by human centered design ideas - so I wanted my #HCD tweeps to see yr stuff :-)
Just two weeks of service at the 'fine dining' restaurant class. So glad, I'm so sick of being so exhausted on a Friday!
Thank you, David!
Big happy birthday shout out to !!! It's goin down bro
You are so welcome! Hurry home.
The Bulls have official taken over this game. Two goals scored mins apart to take a 3-0 lead over the Bearcats.
RT : RFK Jr. at PLA: good environmental policy is always good economic policy
I don't follow NCAA football enough to know who the rest of these kids are, hope they get a job. & Packers don't pick any thugs
I gotta be the biggest sucker in the world for thinking that once, just ONCE, could be somewhere near on time.
it had everything I want there. Open mic/ karaoke, cheap whiskey, 2 dollar skanks, pool, and foosball. It was like I designed it
So let's see whose honest on #Twitter ~ some people have loads of #Followers . . . are you using a program? which one?
Is there a sense this bill will be voted on yet tonight? RT: Stadium bill debate continues on the House floor
the familiar is getting old...
New from UNDEROLOGY...lactic acid gel 10%! “If you need celebrity testimony on the matter, look no further than Cleopatra's beauty...
Ahh, here I thought you got a sweet photo-op. oh well :)
Please RT-Register to win $100 gift certificate to an SIC biz! Survey for new biz concept tinyurl.com/43tvfje
Rueben Randle goes ahead of Kendall Wright, Alshon Jeffery, Stephen Hill, and AJ Jenkins in the rookie draft. Still not my cup of tea
& concert announcement tomorrow morning at 7!!!!!
Republicans don't care about wasteful spending when it's for their agenda. >>#Gingrich secret service costing tax payers millions.
Good Morning! "Always do right. This will surprise some people and astonish the rest"- Mark Twain. Have a wonderful day !
just realized that eating in smaller amounts gives me more energy... knowing that really won't stop me from stuffing my face though
Matt Kemp just belly flopped into the CF wall at #Dodger Stadium. Maybe that will wake him up from his dream season.
at work twerkkn it
follow back? )
anywhere near the Riviera?
Woke up and my hair already looked good. #thisisawesome!
do not like the three unities, in a movie anyway. boring.
Sweet! We'll be sure to share this with our devs!
Finally got our twitter going. We need followers so please follow us!!!
“: FINALLY get to see the vow” just finished watching it!
Not a dilemma! Be associate, I say.
Washington Offers Amnesty Program for Tax Liabilities. Read More:
Follow ....he follows back ..he be doin dat dressin shit n he cool n funni AYE. FOllOW HIS ASS :)
hit that number up 7047284808
thank you!!
We Got 1 Week 3 Days!(:
Ugh feeling sick
I hate the am traffic be pissing me off.
is the number u have start with 512? if it does then yes. if not let me know and ill message it to you
Thanks to Brenda Miller and her class for hosting me today.
I'll give that point some validity. I'm a RR fan & studied econ..trickle down works in theory, reality complicates.
Time Magazine covering
Looking at two schools in Chicago :)
That is scary. Who knew it was so prevalent? I bet I even have that in my school!
Austin EVERYONE knows that you are one in a million..❤ People who don't a crazy.. I LOVE YOU AUSTIN!❤
Media check your inbox- We just sent out a press release for Child Abuse & Neglect Prevention Month
hi. I just wanted to say I love you so much! I'm sick and at the doctors/: but I still love you! Please follow me!(: <33
One of the redeeming things about being an athlete is redefining what is humanly possible. -Lance Armstrong
a lot of compliments on my shirt
You're misunderstanding me. Every time I don't get some for a while, I call it celibacy. Makes me feel better.
hahhaa a guy went to the block to SEE your performance hahaha NO HOMO that's FUNNY
are u coming to hang out with me?
IKR! I have them so spoiled.
Thanks SO much to for the hospitality & the delish sliders last night & to for joining us & all the great work you do!
lol nice nasty tweet!
Dealt with my didnt-run-the-half blues this morning by RUNNING. Oh yeah. Take that, back problems. NOW WHO'S THE BOSS
Yes, he is such a spoiled dog. We have Just returned from a walk.
but, yes, definitely #twitterslacking! Not good for business! :)
White sauce. Like on a pizza! So awesome.
S/O to , preciate tha support & promo blast fam
Getting ready for
Came home and found out I won a scholarship yes
heard. I'm on day three. I'm able to recognize simple shapes and colors!
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves,but wiser people so full of doubts.BRussell
Oops, meant to say Civic Arena. My spelling will be my downfall.
Love this: "The Dream Team" on NBATV 6/13. Footage of Chris Webber & Co defeating their idols/NBAers in a scrimmage. (via )
Happy National Teacher Day! If you can read this, then #thankateacher !
Just asking: Really carry #gun for self defense? Or, for ego?
Our Model 12 Photobooth records all photos to DVD so your cherished photos will last a lifetime.
There are so many FAKE people around nowadays. it's hard to trust anybody.
Katherine Jenkins going to DWTS finals. This could mean Driver is OUT.
#ghettotranslations what it dew = what are you doing?
Thank you - I have heard the same about you - we will make it happe! RT : Thanks for the shout!
can't forget "The Room"
Ebanks is a loser
Surely the world is full of single intelligent men?
no lots of ppl put famous ppl on the picture
RT if you love your fans from all over the country!
it soothes something ;) maybe not the vocal chords but oh well ahaha x)
INBOX ZERO! :D
Been awhile since I was in downtown indy
Minnesota Twins off to a poor start. They need to come out swinging at Target Field or it's going to be a long season like last year.
I just iD'd Somethin' 'Bout A Truck by Kip Moore using
(Hippie voice) I AM SAVING THE 'RENTS WATER AND MONEY..
Sofia Vergara from Modern Family is hosting SNL tonight and One Direction is performing! It's gonna be a good one.
is enjoying that popcorn!
Hello to all our new followers! Thanks for the love! (& a special thanks to all who filled out my survey! You guys rock!)
#MadSeason the ultimate best of #LayneStaley. My pain is self chosen...
RT : Open Data makes gov docs machine readable and cuts down on phone calls.
she is? Fuck I'm sorry guys. She's fucking psycho. I'll try and do something about it but I'm sorry :(
U still think fingering is gonna get a girl off ?
#mythoughtsatschool can i just leave ?
people are too crazy for me these days haha
If we're not supposed to eat animals, how come they're made out of meat? ~ Tom Snyder
Bubble wrap keeping me busy.
Thanks to all our members for their great feedback and the relaunch of our new site.
I noticed that while #AVENwiki has definitions for #neutrois and #agender, #Wikipedia does not...
A big thanks to all of TAP's moms for raising such lovely boys! Haha c:
Can we create a legit Twitter feud? That would be really good for both of our careers, I think.
Give us a brake! - New York Post
follow back(:
my first video :)
Damn, been off Twitter for a month. Schools over. Warm weather is really here. Launched a garden yesterday. Headin' out to Frisco on Thurs.
Who figured that out?? RT Nightingale poop is used in facials in Hawaiian spas because its urea softens the skin.
figures you get a great working port of cm7 and my fascinate takes a crap Verizon is sending me an incredible 2. Such is life.
It's been 2 years since I've tweeted but on the request of I'm Back!
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year!! Call me, Email me or Please see my website:…
i just came from the gym played a few games i was cashin out .. mixin cats up the usual
Congrats to my buddy from florida on a Top 20 finish. Good job bud
“Thank you for such a wonderful experience at the Dosha. I love my hair so much more now. You did an awesome job" LOVE these comments!
Stopped, a quick 9? RT : Man it'd raining cats and dogs in Penn Yan right now. No golf this afternoon :(
Thank you T - Have a great week!
$100 says I wish I would have went to work on Tuesday.
it sure is.
Countdown to Cinco de Mayo... start early and have a fantastic weekend!
fuck you. What about me. Dick
U are one I would pay to hear. Funny yet honest & no BS! RT :.... I am on a 4 day trip for Bank of America giving speeches!
its amazing! I play standard and modern
While smoking a cig today oomf little brother asked"why does everyone have candles in their hands?"Omg its was the cutest thing ever,he's 3!
early night for you!?
I've been dreading this AP Spanish test since last June...
Hi there FlamingoFF
Safe & Happy New Year everyone!!! Wishing you all the best in 2012!!!
Thanx. Ur the best. Got my blue dress on
yea i like that one too! :)
Worried and shit
Cuz the summer is a bummer if you can't leave this pathetic excuse for a town.
Nah for real, yall really let that man call himself Metta World Peace! I'm not gonna let that slide. YALL let him do that. Lol
True but you're showing us how to :) And also sketching up sweet notes and pictures to make it easier for us lay folk to get it
you are more than welcome, my dear. God always knows the right things to say at the right time, huh? :)
so u and justin broke up?
Awww, that way no one else can enjoy the sounds of the others eating, typing, heavy breathing, etc.
follow me
My mom said that no man was worth going to jail for. I beg to differ because Chicago taught me that he had it comin'.
10 days in Peru… Check. Now to focus back at the office.
Oh mah gah... it's Master Piece Theater up in GayJesus Land!
Net Migration from Mexico Falls to Zero—& Perhaps Less Thelargest wave ofimmigration inhistory 4m any country to the US has come to a still
Analytical...yea I like that!
Really liking Howard Stern on AGT this year
RT on stage at #prsms Nice belt buckle!
appreciate your emails but I got at least 3 today!!
ZirMed is planning to attend HIMSS this year(and we will have some exciting announcements)! Let me know if you are a ZirMed client attending
Indeed! Love what you guys are doing and wish you the best!
Had fun hanging with my friend Chantell tonight! Always a good time.
Team lunch at Five Guys!
Don't miss the #Chinese Hiring Manager at the #NSA today from 10am-4pm at 814 East Third Street! Maybe this could be your new career?!
What are some of your favorite Royal Rumble moments. Tweet Us and let us know. We will be providing ours this week
i dont know why my brother doesnt like the last a day to remember album, i love it.
Love it!
lmfao.. No it sucks when she's a booty call n still in ya bed lol
thanks! Mine for you as well. I have always wanted to work abroad.
Drivin to Arkansas to play!
Just cooked the worlds best egg
Sigh. That's life/fandom/the Internet.
I just want to tell you, I'm very happy I saw you tonight! (:
You cannot say "filth-flarn filth-flarn filth" in front of people.
No problem and agreed! Can't wait to read the anthology.
Thank you so much for your delicious contributions to our #fashionmassacre! You rock!
Wow...what a great hustle play by Avery Bradley. Sprint back & contest!
Yes! Love Dirk! RT : MLB has changed its mind and Dirk will now throw out the first pitch for Game 3 in Texas.
#Awesome! RT : we were honored to be an
Lmao You A Freshman?
2011 Sure Things: A.J. Green and Patrick Peterson. 2012 Sure Things: Andrew Luck and Trent Richardson
time cldnt be any slower!!!!
yeah i had similar thoughts. but i guess any medium can be used for either. i tend to follow those who share resources
RIP Adam Yauch. You really pissed off my parents, and I'll always love you for that.
Yup. Subscription gone. Thanks for being more cordial/reasonable than the mods on your forums. I felt insulted by them.
That's awesome. No charred ice? Did you see that Portlandia sketch?
thanks 4 the awesome show in sf last nite! I even bought the puppies tshirt frm ur bro matt. I wanted 2 say hi 2 u but 2 shy
hahah for real let me know
[whimpers] RT OK but could BC beat the Columbus Blue Jackets???
Find out why Darren was BLOWN OFF in 5 minutes!!
Doors open at 9. Or you can win VIP passes to get in early with Hot 107.9
Ikr! Smh I still don't think it was better than when a man loves a woman though but it was close
I dont like the spurs
YES! RT : #WPSLElite is serious & sustainable effort by Zanelli, Ferrara to bring cold realism to women's football in the US.
Yes we&#39;ve heard. Karen may use for homeschool drama class. They loved #nanowrimo!
I'm gonna be the best, the best that I can be whatever it takes, i know i can make it, i can make it through
we movin to the top who comin wit us
IT'S ALIVE!
Sweating off this pussy!! lol
and do you know their twitter? Lol sorry for all these questions :o
Negative Ghost rider.
O Sicilian Meatball Flatbread sounds delicious! We'll have to try that at Thursday's Happy Hour!
getting super excited! :)
Blair, Young, and Fields.
geothermal, wind and #shale gas bring #WV opportunities when post-coal economy sets in. Look forward to story
Omg I love my villa jv we killed it out there gurlys 😃❤👍
There is a new IPod app that translates Jay Leno into funny.
hahah how so?
you guys look awesome- I need to talk to you about some pricing- want to keep our biz local
Please become friends with 1dogrescue
Home from 4 hours dancing and I'm still not tired
UPN RT : Lifetime RT : HBO RT FOX “: WHAT CHANNEL IS THE GAME ON??!???!?!”
so true
RT : Lovely. Just dribbled 3 large drips of (non-fat) hot choc on white skirt. Is too late to start today over? // Tide Stick!
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
RT : We're getting some movement on #IgnoreTheKardashians ! Keep it up, twinions!
Also you two, where's MY book deal? Have written 22 WORDS SINCE SEPTEMBER! #recognition?
the importance o hats during wartime cannot be overstated.
Hello november hello november hello november!
Thanks for the mention and follow on this Friday: , , and &
. Wine drinking all weekend long=Best. Weekend. Ever. (& stories galore). Interested in filming segment ?
I would have thought they'd pump more collagen into the handles of that one.
I'm so cold & tired today. I need a heated body suit. Lol
I heard you! lol
I mean don't take it to the asscrack
Philly Sports: Pittsburgh International Children’s Festival to offer tentfuls of fun – Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Working on my 2passions 2day #fitness and designing #swimwear Life is God!!
i see you
Np mind gone
Ryu can beat the shit out of Chun Li and that's cool.
YOU TOTALLY TOOK MY SHIRT. I STILL CAN'T FIND IT. YOU TOOK IT.
Peach Ciroc? Don't mind if I do. Own my first bottle :D
Love pop chips!
Any shops interested in carry PaperTrail, feel free to email us with inquiries -
Injustice can be eliminated, but human conflicts and natural limitations cannot be removed
I figured Seattle would have been higher... but, the college town domination makes sense, I suppose.
Just because your auto correct doesn't mean your always correct
Analyzing census data. Saved file called sex.png--a graph of gender distribution. Realized it might seem like something very different.
Jim Furyk oversleeps and misses Barclays pro-am, disqualified.. Does Jim have PTO he can use?
Speaking of my b-day ;) being a good baker means I usually have to make my own cake if I want one :/
just went to a history talk in which I had a panoramic view of like 20 old white men in tweed
I'd like to see a non-celebrity say that half-time show was worth a crap...
sometimes it's the old ones that are the best.
I'm writing about fans of isanyoneup--wanna chat?
I guess I will get up and get on the floor, but I draw the line at dancing the dinosaur.
is prepping some (big) news for Thursday - and it won't be an April Fool's joke! Keep an eye out for notes from us!
Sometimes you gotta cut off your finger to save your hand!
OH CRUD. YOU HAVE A STUPID SOCCER GAME TONIGHT. ^_^ and you wonder why we don't get along..
have you ever seen the show
Happy to have our Friday regulars tonight! RT : Looking forward to my usual Friday night practice
my pleasure. Thanks for sharing the great quote :-)
#hulkhogan was my hero in the #80s #wrestling every Saturday
my (anonymous) opinion is right now that $10m a year is better out of redev $. Gen fund $ is more valuable then redev $ right now
male patron: i can tell you that you are a pretty girl, because i'm an older man. me: no, i don't think that's how it works.
"Bad boys aint no good, Good boys aint no fun"
ON THE STREETS OF LOS ANGELES: #CicLAvia AT DODGER STADIUM
I just want to kiss you all over.
what do you mean? I love falling into Q's arms hahaha!
HATE that movie. Didn't like the remake, either.
you never see that much blood in a baseball game.
should make you happy to be at espn where food is important. Million dollar question: how is the food at Bristol cafeteria?
Thanks, Elvis.
no, not the speedos!
2 days and 6 hours until the draft!!! I'll be alone in a hotel room. Be prepared for hundreds of tweets.
keep my name out of dis i got nun da do wit dis
#dfwsem it's ok I can vouche for you! #gaslampstripclubISasteakrestaurant -from a San Diego native :)
Sharkey loves me.
Robert Gallery to the Broncos?
I listened in the car, fun interview.
Doc Smith? You're referencing Doc Smith on Twitter? You are a BADASS. Skylark Three FTW!!!
list of phone numbers to landlines, WAMU customer assist no. w/ old bank acct info, diagram/jpg "Future as a walled city"
:) #Noted , I'll be working on making that happen. Be safe
I heard you love the F'real Milkshakes! We do too and we want to give you a giant foam hand to show our appreciation
23 k's i thought the analog controls were gay!
Thanks Doll! Everyone's telling me to beware the Klout. Are you liking it?
Had grass-fed Delmonico Steaks for dinner-such a comfort food!
Thanks to free market policies, income hoarding by the wealthiest 1% is equivalent to 1929 levels. Welcome to the New Gilded Age.
YOU'RE FINALLY VERIFIED!<3
how insane would it be if EDC had lazer tag???
Happy hump day & giving thanks for fabulous new followers (<3 U!) (yes!)
Seen some man sleds on trailers today. Season is officially over. Sad face
The fact we have tickets to the first game of the second round of the #NBAPlayoffs for the seems like a stretch at this point.
"Any time is a good time to start a company" - Ron Conway, SV ANGEL
#rbms09 The print keepsake on the history of the preconference is well under way
RT : Keep your challenges in check. What do you take for granted? The world is not so fortunate -Bill Clinton
Field trip time :D
Talk Directly With A Locksmith Call Us Today (619) 335-7969
but you conjugated correctly!
thanks bro i appreciate that!
POTUS must govern 4 ALL Americans, not 1 community. POTUS could no more target jobs 4 blks than GOP for the rich. That IS
Another beautiful day in Atlanta. 70's and sunny. Should b a great night for baseball. Go Crew!
Thanks for finding, returning and delivering my bag.
BBQ at my crib last night got messy in the late hours. 3 broken shot glasses, 2 broken Newcastles, a missing chair and lots of dog blood.
its too late to go to school -.-
glad its raining now than later :)
Tomorrow's gonna be a big day!
- As I remember it, the worst on your feet is the stopping - lol!
Do you fight for my gay friends? My atheist friends? My Muslim friends? My Jewish friends? No. You want control everyone. Ick.
Give out (sow) what you want to receive (reap) :)
Yay! It's a new year.
Happy International Women's Day!
nope! that song is dirty!
Looking forward to your #2012MAC talk on Thursday.
How the hell can you "consolidate education with another agency"? Apparently, the #GOP thinks we "have the right to remain stupid".
They just outro'ed Dave Grohl & Butch Vig with LMFAO.
hey beautiful <3
this weather puts me in such a glum mood
Gasol and Bynum with the meeting on the court. Rare.
- OMG Doug! Just watched your Ronco spot! Took me back 30 years! What fun!
Amy but usually Nikola<o.k. I like a little stability in my life.
This sub is not as soggy as I wanted it to be :(
This is embarrassing 😢😔😒
When your dreaming with a broken heart- waking up is the hardest part
two more coming your way on wednesday, 29 february. final mixing scheduled for that day. what a journey.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
$45 Private pilates classes from certified, experienced instructors. No packages to buy. Pay as you go.
"Make the social sharing icons bigger" is the new "make the logo bigger."
Valuable trip @ SILS was to community college lib where a classmate worked. Small group, very informative, sticks with me years later.
I would be better if you could #teachmehowtodougie now thatd be #SWAG :)
It's beautiful!
OMG IM MAKING A JUSTIN BIEBER VALENTINE FAN VIDEO WHO WANTS IN???!?!?!?!
Anyone use songwriting as therapy? Or anything else?
Wow, that's beautiful!
Like I said today's an kinda day...
Watching The Descendants!
I agree!
If you wanna win my heart you dont need looks , you need a heart too <3.
Plus, #LilWayne often pushes kids' academic literacy and their concepts of it a lot further than their ELA teachers do.
Jessica just sent an email to all of writing services! But she didn't name me, so I'm just joshin' ya.
It's sad and embarrassing but my poli-sci grade is so far my worst, so I need to rock in this final.
maybe I will nut sack!
"Dear Pearson, Would they have eaten my uncle? He wears sleeveless shirts. Your friend, Mario. 3rd grade."
o I feel the same way right now
then I guess you can go.
Yea not really but I'm off here til later
I love hummingbirds. One of my favorite things about going to NM. :)
teaching allows an opportunity to create a safe place to explore the possibilities! The singer then makes those possibilities into REALITY!
Traffic is going to suck but so worth it to sleep 7.5 hours
y is it so late
yep. In Finland. Season seats don't go that far. However... Oct 27th.....?
Starting a new run program in the morning. Pretty psyched. Needed new motivation
Oklahoma is gonna lose!! lol
“: Fool me once, Shame on you Fool me twice, Shame on me Fool me 350,000 times, you are a weather man.” get ya every time.
Garcia out already. Another rough night for the BP.
If there was 5 more sec after #ConnorTeahans steal would have had another windmill right around year anniversary of last years
hey, seems like fun!
Yum, I vote u do it - then bring me some ": No I haven't- but I really want 2 pickle grn beans & grn tomatoes
yeah I heard there's a black corolla sport ready to pick you up ! Lmao
What you gonna do?...Barbeque or mildew?
A full day to catch up on writing projects!
Some had MAJOR damage some Minor But All Fine!! I'm Mentally exhausted!
follow back monster?
Too much on my mind I wish I could just go blank!
YOur welcome Curtis!
Special greeting to 6 interesting folks...
Check out our newly designed FB page! How do you like it?
Hey there #delayedresponse ...sorry! Feeling pretty good. Hope ur 2012 is off to a great start!
haha i think i might die.. But i think it'll be worth it :)
Sorry it's been a minute since we have been on! Up and running!!! Goodnight...sleep well!!
Playing golf for business and so far not embarrassing myself!
Haha I can't stand old style books... Or southern books
High of 94 before noon is inexcusable. A/C in my 2002 pick-up already let me know that it can't hang. Gonna be a long hot summer in
Bold statement! RT : as a life long mets fan & fmr season tix holder, We don't trust ownership and don't want them to have our money
My clothes don't match today, that's in, right?
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day!
Black people KNOW how to keep you from taking a nap.! #ShootOnThis Man.!
: …i don't think we can be friends anymore. :P (to start: freq used to mask power, evade responsibility, naturalize BS, etc)
The future lies before you like a field of driven snow. Be careful how you tread it, for every step will show.
HahaRT Lovin your improvements in the NE system. Can I get a retweet for believin in you and getting crap for it?
The sad thing is, a lot of people really be thinking their opinions really matter.
At mutt lynch's in Newport!! Love this place!!!!
We're live at the College Expo in Ontario, CA, promoting the I Can Afford College campaign!
i graduate on Tuesday. its bout to be crazy. #ClassOf2011 - danielle
Lol is a clown.
Words heard on Vilsack call #1: "CASFP" - Child and Adult Care Food Program
- Your Such A Creep -.-
Appearing live WOLB 1010am wolbbaltimore.com right now taking about preventing child abuse. Tune in or make a call 410481100 or 8777041010
crying causes puffiness. watch out!
cheer up buttercup! :)
thx for the follow!
a pleasure. Wish u the same!
Off to SoCal with for a long weekend. Hoping for some sun. See you Monday!!
If I had the time to sit down and write a thank-you note to everyone who sent me a nice, expensive present, what a wonderful wor
Diddy got so much money thats all he can rap about mostly all his verses he mention he worth billion he made forbes #1 richest artist
I WANT TO BE OVER YOU/THIS. :(
lmaoo i didnt mean in a bad way !
oh because you're SO shy.
same:) ill reply in the morning I'm going bed night:)
true, but it does get 7 days on a charge. And with $5M so far, they definitely have the time and money to improve any issues.
In the age of segregation, Washington D.C.'s Howard Theatre was one of the 1ST large venues to welcome black audiences & performers
You know why they call it a XBOX 360? Because when people see it they do a 360 and turn around and walk away! Oh…..
Looks like our Twitter account was hacked...sorry if you got a weird, direct message from us.
You gotta draw a line in your hustle...
just cause we are saucy
Will Smiths kid performing at the Grammies is a perfect example of; Its not what you know its who you know Or n this case who ur related to.
It Be Scary And Thundering ! 😖☔⚡
it might not be your problem, but the sidebar on docs.redhat is slow to load and has a lot things that I don't need...cont
YAY!!! Thank the lord for system recovery.. SAVED!!
Stalberg scored twice against Denmark today. I bet Kruger whispered "We're playing the Blue Jackets" to him before the game.
Much as I love this song, I'm not sure it really showcased Jermaine's voice as well as it could have.
Michelle Williams...looking lovely...as usual
i know bro its pissing me the fuck off
did u delete your facebook??
Follow along with
because both can produce a few notes,and they are never put with the wrong end in front!
the simple matter of a fact is you did not know the answer and act as though you did,read and learn.
well fuck back to mediocrity
re Brighton's fast-- sounds like Augustus, fr Streuwelpeter
When Fort Sumter was fired upon and hostilities broke out, the Lamon family was no stranger to divided loyalties. More on the morrow.
Hittin the studio early tomorrow morning gotta get it in!!!
and killed the preparty mix and now its time for CLUB 100 with and myself!
#PIPA Protesting SOPA/PIPA today? Great! Tomorrow, what are *you* going to do to fight the piracy of intellectual property?
Good shit craft!!!!!
I feel like I got over some major writers creator block!
"Jump Jive & Wail" Salon a great experience for color correction & hair cut...I should know. Drove to Frisco, Texas & Michelle worked magic
OK, a little ol' 62 for Tiger. Guess that (new) home cookin' means something.
Sigh...no luck finding a house in Monterey, CA yet. It seems to be a case of extremes, too small or too big...and no price quite right. :(
YOU PUT IT DOWN LIKE NEW YORK CITY...
how much dough you make?
Time to hit the high road and get some more resume's out the door and into people's grips!
new song?
Not sure about blue, we need a red ale so we can easily add the Espinoza name to it though. =)
Wake Up, Wake Up, Time To Stack Ya Cake Up
It's a kind of morning.
I know I sent out the invitations late, but if you haven't given me an rsvp for the wedding let me know whats good via email or fb. Thx!
THE GREAT BOT PURGE OF 2012
Spending the day tracking down wiffle bats, pinatas, and plungers for
It's good, Idec Nomore cause Ik what I did x what he did so all I ask from him is to keep my NAME out is month !!
Good luck x
"You think we smoked enough?" / "Probability."
Spanish project...check. English paper...barely started. Lord help!!!!
don't matter
Anyone else having trouble with not working?
#SocialMediaTip know more about others then what you should know
#GCB makes me want to move to Dallas! lol..... almost ;)
no coffee - tea: don't know.
I cant mess wit 🌀 no more lol
Put garden-fresh green onions in my loaded baked potato salad. Awesome.
how r u?
thanks lil lady!!! 😃
RT : Nights like this I need a boo thang......oh boy
Playing some cosmic with the gang.
I have had a very busy morning, working on lots of auditions :)
watching present at right now. #Texas start ups representing at
Getting a little orange in my life!
skinning......fruit.
Rise & Shine . . Its Time To Grind
Taking a break from work to contemplate DRM issues in Video Game Archives.
iPad typing is tough at first before you learn. Maybe we can help?
Happy Mother's Day to our wonderful Shock moms!!!
is the symbol which many confuse with the Caduceus, and which is a medical symbol. INTERESTING!! Way to mess up our history!!
Our family portraits totally rock! Book with us today, you will love your images.
I remember my first
Just signed up for a free trial of Psyched to begin using this as our citing/research portal!
There has been several,but I took a little from each artist who inspired me and created my own unique sound and style.
Yea, I know. That's what they all say.
Tanya Brock from will be here on Saturday to teach home canning. We're pretty excited!
Our waiter literally just said 'I FUCKED UP' when we asked him about my meal he forgot to put in...
I think it's fearless to fall in love with your best friend, even though he's in love with someone else." -Taylor Swift
Just a hurried line...to tell a story which puts the contrast between *our* feast of the Nativity and all this ghastly Xmas rack
ko same here ready 4 school
I sure hope an #samesexmarriage vote happens today. come on, #nyssenate, be heroes! do what's right!
that is not enough pages!
have fun with that final
er I'll start it in 2 weeks time then....... 
Just watched episode 1 of Sports Night. It made me cry. Man, I forgot how good that show was.
//4G?! Lol, no sir! Sponsored wifi hubs means revenue generator not wasted expense. Investment = added incentive.
Your school at www.varsityjackets09.com we rock Pittsburgrh
new music project very excited! stay tuned!
Shirt Guy Direct - Call 954-245-8380 - Uniforms, embroidery, printing and more. We service #PembrokePines #Broward #Dade and
this spring break is gonna be too live with all this cash
Smaller crowd than I expected at #tedxhuntsville - maybe they are late?
I have the biggest lesbian crush on Miley Cyrus. I'm obsessed with her. She's perfect.
Upcoming fundraising event! February 19th - Poway Fun Bowl!!! More info to come - please calendar it and join us!!!!
August Vollmer, police chief in Berkeley in 1909, required training and education, and that officers be uninvolved in politics.
good luck then!!
Due to gas shortages, the City of Albuquerque has closed for Friday, February 4. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Wondering if She Will
question of the night, who would win the NBA title if the Nuggets played against the Knicks?...talk amongst yourselves...
Like Alice Cooper would say schools out for summer
My 12 year old cousin is doing more things this weekend than i am :(
Once Love is, it always will be...
I appreciate those who can do that! And I laugh my ass off in your/their honor.
Crossed into Iowa and already snowflakes. Heard my hometown as blizzard-like conditions. Should be an interesting trip.
Yeah a'a you know what it is!!!!!!!!Black and Yellow Black and yellow,Black and Yellow Black and yellow
Hope you are hanging in there!
now get up ahead of spurs!
listening to your mixtapes - wanna be a dj like u someday - hope to get an interview with u on our radio show soon thx fam!
For The Wanted! If you could be a female pop star for a day who would it be and why?! :D ps. I love you! <3
💜ILoveeee You Twin!!!!!!
Must meet Shania Twain. Must meet Adele. Must meet Duffy. Must meet Fran Drescher. Must meer Courtney Love. Must meet Margaret Cho.
girl I done even know! What's up?
Hey SAG friends! Please vote for my awesome friend Woody Schultz in the Hollywood Division Election! He's #32, and with Unite for Strength!
What is the deal with sports starting so late on the west Coast?? Everyone in the world should run on the same clock.
: Thank you for this!
At least KU lost to the best team in the country.
he gave a good talk
If you like Pittsburgh hip hop take a listen and follow , recording artist/producer/ owner at Records.
"Jesus Christ Holy mackerel that's a lot of cabbage" - my elderly Asian doctor, as we discuss poker and tournament buy-ins
“: i love pissing people off” That's because you have nothing else to do.
What does compassion w/in loving kindness mean? RT : not always giving in to the first instinct to be nice
only kinda.. lol.. it feels like I'm naked, but it feels so much better! He's really gentel with me(:
Jacob Fred Jazz Odyssey is killin' it at the Blue Wisp right now!
when you're making the argument that Tim Thomas was motivated, its not helping your cause.
That is such my guilty pleasure - that and
Finished a song tonight.
First she prayed for my job situation. Then she got off track and told me about men....
Are you having an indoor Super Bowl Party at your church or school? If so, give us a call to reserve one of our new inflatables!
#GhettoEasterBasketItems Melted Chocolate wit ants on it!!!
My Bday for 4 month! I can't wait my 18 :)
Cry baby, cry.
HQ looking better, meeting with canvassing team Thanks for all the calls and emails keep em coming
My aunt lives a truly charmed life. RT : Antlers!
There he is, missed the wide open one inside of 30 seconds. time to miss 2 at the line.
The new website looks fantastic! The network diagram is really cool.
well thank you, sir
RT "Hey , let's make a video while you are in okc, yeah?"
Nice walk. I better get used to it.
I have a HUGE list of people to thank for Discovery #NASASocial, but must sleep now. Will try again this wknd. Meanwhile, know you rock! :)
After Hours Blog : Theater Review: The Book Club Play
first show in 2.5 years tonight...nervous much
Speaker thinks anti-kickback laws are anti-capitalist. Huh.... O_o
Enjoy! I'm enjoying my 15 myself.
spring: when the new cold was the old warm
cool, man. thanks! will do. where's that interview we did? online?
huevos con papas at buffalo grille - perfect way to start a sunday
Tom Hanks might just be my favorite narrator.
To the wall...
I dyed my hair 2 weeks ago and my friends are noticing it right now lol
Ha, nope, just saw your screen cap. Still, I'm doubtful that it'd work on me; I've done my Limbaugh time!
hello toots! hope your weather is as nice as it is here.
well yeah. That's what happens when some jerks in congress hold Stafford loans hostage.
don't make plans Saturday!
Look such a state, it's actually hilarious as I couldn't give a flying fuck :').
derpin' around, you know us ;)
School go away I want to sleep in :/
Duke doesn't deserve to be a 1 seed
Tweet tweet, tweet tweet...
so glad you hopped on board.
Dude what's with some of these girls? there all so needy!! I mean get you own fuckin dinner i'm not coming over to serve your ass
Ktown til I lay down... bet it up or don't play at all..
Don't u hate when ex's say all this stuff about a relationship that she WASN'T doin? Like ... STFU
.., But it was a cute outfit
Every girl is capable of murder if you hurt her.
Get Him To The Greek is by far the funniest movie I have seen in a long time! Go see it when it comes out!
When you're single and in your 20s, you throw on a pair of jeans and look fabulous. ~Sheena Easton
Sounds like a plan hit me up asap 9104947955
OK so I'm at the library and there is just too much koo-koo to not talk about. There's homeless guy with 3 broken laptops quoting The Matrix
I saw Al Jaffee speak the other night in Philly, he said all rights to Superman were sold by Siegel/Shuster for $65. ;(
Hmm about to go workout, or should I? Eat right, exercise regularly, die anyway.
You hardly see homeless black people, well atleast I don't. I've ran across alot of ones who don't want sh*t out of life though.
If I change the world for you I bet you wouldn't have a clue <3 #Iwant to love me too haha <3
I know, I know - it's been crazy. We're overdue for a Lazy Dog rendezvous.
Today was the perfect Sunday... Bagels , Adventuring, organizing, Italians, sun, relaxation, cookout... What more could I want ?
Its amazing what a week away from technology will do.
you are most welcome :)
Just wrapped an exciting meeting w/ the Ojai Music Festival peeps!
Upset with the loss yesterday but the CATS will be better for it !!! LOVE THE BIG BLUE !!!!!
I love and person of interest
U.S. Stocks pared gains final trading hour; still kicked off May 1th on a positive note. Dow finishing best closing high since December 2007
The only people who truly know your story are the ones that helped you write it.
You know I dream in colors, and do the things I want
what u think about yuni b now
Woke up this morning and emptied out my Google Reader of post from last year. Just too many to catch up on.
NYC passed Zone Green, amendments that will remove zoning impediments from measures that will make buildings more environmentally friendly
Hi Zan! :) ur one of my inspirations i would love for u to follow me :) a total dream come true if that happend :) #ILOVEYOU !!:)
You make me smile 
At the stupid dentist office. Fml
He tweeted he made a keek tellin his fans to come so I went I didnt expect to be in the photoshoot with him it was a shock
Neva have i ever met such an actin character like dis bitch eva n my life...
: Austin is like that person in college that you both loved to hang with and knew that you would never be one percent as cool as.”
Close enought to hurt me
my AT&T service is terrible at the AT&T center.....
hey ha u followin mug friend
Apps that connect/replace med devices may be subject to regulation or review by FDA.
Just a reminder that the SBDC consultants are unavailable for appointments this week. If you would like a future appointment, call Cathy...
what kind of tracks
Good news: My new driver's license picture looks only slightly creepier than my old driver's license picture.
lol idk... I guess. It's quiet when I drop her off... LOL
- Santorum and Sixx on same show. That a regular heaven n' hell tour. Way to go Piers!
RT : Rule of thumb, theaters: If you've begun rehearsals, you should have sent out press releases.
For today being mothers day, my mom is sure inna bitchy mood can't stand her right now. Hope that her mood changes.
making rainbow cupcakes for my friends bday............. Hopefully they come out good
TRAFFIC: Crash - Odana Rd in front of Smart Toyota. (Near Tokay Blvd.)
Taking a break when working out can be important, don't push so hard that your body will give out during your next exercise
Why not Randi?
no goodmorning text!
hahaha damn nigga. Bout time you started speakin tha truth Lmao i'm proud of you. Good job haha
oh! I'm going to be out of town for most of that day but I'll definitely see what I can do :)
Primary Callers having a mini dance party to get everyone energized and ready to have a great night of calling!!
I've heard leprachuans live on the east coast...jewish leprachauns. Is that true, Joshie?
Looks like you just used it!
It was really light like that when I was younger. And why don't you do it?!
speaking from experience, YES
Yep lonngggggg day ahead of me today.
That's a very good point. I look more often at the professional posts of people who post random personal stuff too.
Ok. I lost the email. Can u DM me your email and I will get back to u quickly
RT : Happy September & Happy National Library Card Sign-Up Month! The smartest CARD in your wallet– FREE @ your local library
Stand up to Monsato, no more GMO corn or alfalfa! Almost all corn is GMO, helps stop this!
what's the story with your comfort guarantee?
would love to. I'm around all day.
Happy no pizza at #DevIgnition. Hopefully some sandwiches with no cheese
I feel awful for Robin. Mono is so cruel to this sport.
Heading to the #Apple Store to see if they can replace my charger that isn't working ;o(
romney comes from polygamous family, yet says "Marriage is between ONE man & ONE woman"...Doesn't that mean HIS ancestors were NOT married??
Scotland Yard: Three Olives Cocktails tonight for only $3! The Kind Brothers are playing at Water Street , stop by before and after the show
*You are what you eat*....Hmm, That's funny...I don't remember eating a bowl of sexy lately.
Thank you to all who came out to support School 33. A special thanks to the artists who donated their work.
So glad my street isn't flooded!!!!!!
since you're offering...I'll take a box of thin mints :)
Win Cash &amp; Books! Twitter Party May 8-&gt; 8 p.m. EST Follow #UntilNextTime as author Amy Lignor answers your ??'s live on Twitter.
ok, sounds good.
Thank you for the hospitality and dinner with Much appreciated!
what up tonight
Welcome back, everyone! VIRGO is new, the Hive is new, and our group study room is new... but we're still here to help, just like always!
most of the time I laugh at your tweets, but there are moments that I'm just like dafuq. this is one of those moments.
STOP LYINNNNNNN KID
bleeh. sitting in health. super bored . someone should talk to me.
I agree, esp w/ copyright lawsuits happening. Life is great, so much is happening! We need to catch up, r u visiting LA soon?
we all have our up and down days. It gets better.
Went to the dentist today... :/
My dad left me so I promise to never repeat him never repeat him...
would be a great hire coming of his NCAA Tournaments stuff..they need big help in that conference, borderline mid-major right now
excited to head to the bay area for my b-day.
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses
Open Source Bridge con is over. Lots of smart people, interesting sessions, and creative ideas! Now for dinner and to pack for the trip hom…
did I leave a sweatshirt in your class?
Only on the main line can you pay at a gas station with a $100 bill and they don't check if its fake.
hey twitter let me tell yall a stoty
Sprint"s data network crashes the same week Verizon releases the storm!!! I am not happy! More a reason I may have to switch!
seriously thinking about writing a fanfic.
This letter is for someone who just missed states last year! He didn't? Oh, must have been the other one.
Pretty sure I'd be a genius if I hadn't killed off so many brain cells with my daily brain freezes.
I could comfortably live in a room this big and this cheap until my late 20s. That's the difference between us. I got the dirt cheap gene.
Congrats on the Grand Opening this weekend ! Dan will be there sampling Sat 5/12 from 6 - 9pm!
aye no I don't lol see how mean you are lol
NFL draft turns into deal-a-thon with teams swapping 1st-round picks at every turn - Washington Post
I don't always shoot threes.... but when I do, they are game winners. The most LINteresting man in the world.
hey sweet tea we don't care,we'll continue to annoy you anyway.
"...Hope in God, for I will yet praise Him, The help of my countenance and my God." ps 42:11
Thanks for shaing the link!
Lola!!! Yea, I'm in love with her too ;)
Oh I'll show you I can spice it up! :p
At work and my ears still have that womp womp buzz crackle from last nights Moombahton Massive. Truly Epic. Thanks
Good luck today! We still feel fortunate to have had the opportunity to be in your audience!
I miss you to ♥ i havent talked to you in forever. ):
All of them?
I can't find my damn backpack
Just arrived at #motionball2012 to set up the charity gallery! It's gonna be epic.
I bet those figurines attached to your dashboard are your only friends. ✂👉👍
Very Embarrasiing Confession: as a woman of a certain age and shape, I have been pondering Debra Messing's wardrobe w/interest.
i wanna rest. Bye
“It was a magnificent trip, through a barely touched wilderness, with daily performances by bears, moose and caribou”
My roommate is a robot...don't ask how I know...
Thank U all very much for the follow! Looking forward to your tweets! :-)
r u gonna post them :)
At the AT&T warranty/support office. Weird place. Weird people waiting.
Trade 6 hrs of volunteering for & get a pass to the music fest on May 11-12 in return. Email to sign up!
I need to take my vitamins P:
I want one
excellent! Post a link when it's published!
I guess it was back in the 90's before frappuccinos. Flipping a cup @ bar meant decaf and logo forward meant cappuccino
you can't even punch lol :P
unfortunately don't have quite the contract has...im back after thanksgiving.
You know, they say that slamming and breaking things is not solving anything, but it makes you feel better, for the moment. lol
First step from curing an addiction, Admitting you have a problem hahaha jk love you XP
Yea I'm still up..tired den a mf
Thought I had something clever to say but...no..I'm like a timeline speedbump
you think kevin car for the daytona 500 is better than the shootout car?
Best news we've heard all day! ----->RT : I'm coming to see you today!! =)
Reading pet peeve: Nonfiction picture books for children without bibliography, sources. Please tell us about your research!
Chicago tonight with my college roommates.... Off the road tomorrow.... leggggoooo
MT : media Chicago ONLY reports violence!!! They see it's ongoing issue but YET to propose a viable solution! SALARIED INSTIGATORS
so how is my painting coming along?
Follow your twitter nose
I ain't even gonna comment on the Heat today. I have no words
At #WGI PIW finals. Some great groups so far and it's only gonna get better
Boys With Bright Smiles
Trying to figure out how to make National History Day part of our world history curriculum. Does anyone have experience?
Abusive words..can last a lifetime...Abusive words can kill a child's confidence all their lives...Abusive words leave lasting scars...
No 💩! “: Ugh. Democratic convention in NC. UGH.”
Where is all this heat in #Portland coming from? I was just starting to get mentally prepared for the crispy days of fall...
sounds exactly like something I would do!!
::sigh:: so exhausted :(
Asked dude @ Sprts Authrty where fanny packs R. Oh man, his face. Ddnt explain it's 4 running, or that they're back in, or that I'm awesome.
RT : Still passing out flyers and talking to voters. Come in and vote!
do you know what we do with the beeds:D
Can't wait to see it :). You make me throb.....
Haha! Ben picking Courtney. I'm kind of glad he did tho. I think the other girls were too good for Ben. Especially the Aggie!!
Peter Jackson Responds to Criticism Towards The Hobbit and 48 FPS Projection
If rental yields are good, why not?
aren't you the reigning champion?
I dont understand why media is up in arms over the UK/IU game. Cal owes us this game?I think most couldnt care less if we ever play IU again
he's on the 36th floor(; I just don't know what building..:p
wobble de wobble de wob wobble wobble. sta staking my paper my wallet look like a bible.
Nice! RT : just the good old fashioned, house smoked... now oven roasting chicken from your shop in the bacon fat!
IM a sneaky ninja !
Wow just saw on the news a couple killed their 2nd baby by sleeping with them in bed...how you let that Shit happen a 2nd time
Yea homie got it.I'm not sure how to use this myself.Lol!Yea man everything is great!I'll give you a call.Need to talk to you.
Welcome to The Tribe, Francisco Lindor. 17 yr old switch hitting SS. Should be a vacuum on D w/ a nice offensive game to boot.
this office smells like bagels. i thought that would be a good thing, but after two days i'm not so sure.
alt-music took off, commercially, in the 90s. During the 80s, alt just wasn't getting press or hitting mainstream radio
So stressed
I have been around. Just getting ready for the playoff games tonight.
Just had some kumquats! I'm energized.
Copper Whale Inn is the hidden treasure of downtown Anchorage. Good rooms, great people, solid rooms.
RT Is there something I shouldn't say when am at Allen FieldHouse? (yes, don't say go K-State!)
Watched a documentary on World Class last night. Soon as I get outta bed I'm gonna have to pour a little o my 40 out for the Von Erich boys.
Somebody nees to shoot dis son of a bitch
i was fluent when i was little, but lost every bit of it when i had no one to speak it with
Im gonna sleep the whole day on saturday!!!
Today in 1986, Take My Breath Away (Berlin) was a hit.
I hate everybody...and you're next.
If you ain't working as hard as me...then we don't belong in the same room.
We have the right to withhold #RTTT $ if states don't follow through says - People are watching
lol I hate it
About to easy more cereal and call it a night
I am sad for my bestie she said goodbye to her dog today after 10 years of love and affection and LOYALTY! RIP Tater
Love dinner time
Watching a movie chillin
holy fuck its already 8. i thought it was like 5. the fuck.
That's how they do it down south. My Granny is always "Ms. Zelma."
Jiri just discovered the first archaean ever recorded on human skin, we think, in a guy's bellybutton. Go team.
lol check what I just posted on fbook hahaha
not at all. :) I was interested to know.
Good grief!
Birds chirping. Time to sleep.
Not Cleveland is my guess ha
Oh my gosh. That's horrible. Winter seems to be getting shorter every year.
Robert Duvall just gave me such a GENEROUS endorsement for my book cover--it really made me feel wonderful.
Happy Monday (just kidding). Sunny & warmer at the beaches - 75 expected. Muggy inland - 80s - chance of mountains storms later.
People have been leaving Wisconsin since Scott Walker took office. Wait until he wins easily on June 5th. This State is run by a Dictator.
Are you making me cry so I shed the tears you couldn't
Curious who won the PC versus Mac donation debate? Mac! $92.75 to $59. Next up? iOS versus Android!
Your dreams of becoming a townie have finally been realized!
Saying sorry doesn’t mean there isn’t guilt and forgiving doesn’t mean the pain is gone.
ben shouldn't have to explain himself, but maybe they'll shut up now.
RT : Jets are after Tim Tebow because of Rex Ryan. Remember, Ryan needed paramedic care after Tebow's 95 1/2-yard drive.
Happy to have seen the Beastie Boys perform in NOLA, with Sonic Youth and the Pixies opening. MCA, RIP.
aw. just met my new nephew, Bryson Gael. how adorable. but he def looks mexican mexican. not white mexican like me. haha.
Hopped up on coffee & 80's music blasting.
Absolutely gorgeous morning out here at Naval Air Station Coronado. Rready for my1st Hornet F18 flight. Yikes, what was I thinking!
