If you are looking for some specialty sandwhiches Today--Try Mildreds Sandwhich Shop---order at S2YD.com for prompt delivery!!
and true. Robin being the bride was predictable but I still clapped because it was finally confirmed.
I was "resting" peacefully in the hotel hallway for a while.
Cindee's in the Hole!
is it by montwood middle? if yea can u meet me at montwood middle?
We're watching the Star Wars Christmas Special at work!
You and I<3
its all about me me me me me #Mya (retweet if you start singing it)
repubs canned pres's consumer protection nominee... what is wrong with them?
yep, my brother. How do you know him?
what's going on boss
to their credit
“: I don't know who that was waving at me but I'm going to assume I met them when I was plastered.” this happens way to much.
Sign up on our mailing list for upcoming events, news and more! Visit HoustonFlashmob.com to sign up!
Davis &amp; Elkins College Student Athletes, Staff Attend Substance Abuse Prevention Symposium
I'm getting recruited for an academic scholarship to a sports administration masters program... wish law schools were being so kind.
In love, the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two
When Dani is cooking, I'm always gaining lbs!
Every day #Republicans look more and more out of touch with what's going on. They don't make step forwards, they make leaps backwards!
Went to Hollywood yesterday to visit our edible wall - doing great! Then over to our new green roof project on Phil's Diner
<3 that show! Can't wait to catch up on this week's!!
Good morning world!! I'm up and Adam and getting ready to go back into the studio once again! My voice is hoarse so Wish me luck!!
Went to Juno's, that place is lovely! Crack is a good analogy. Is that the old chef of Tapa's from BITD?
Good Luck!
rocked my hawk n thought of you.
I hate when they pull the back in my day bullshit
Break me Lord Jesus...
Well i think im going to call it a night. Im going to sleep with my mickey mouse
Give it to me righhtttt or don't give it to me at all #RealTalk !
And the GG Bridge SWATHED in fog is the ultimate photograph.
Nice night. Blaring Bob Uecker out the living room window, drinking moscato in my tailgate chair, photoshopping.
Sorry for your loss. It's always so hard losing a best friend and loyal companion. Rest in peace, Denver.
I don't encourage anyone to quit cold turkey for accent work. Building a caseload on your own takes time and determination
omfg my laptop is acting like a bee with an itch right now .im about to ship its arse back to where it cam from.
what up cuzzin
Dora also needs to be taught about "indoor" voices.
This is my favorite part of the #Oscars I love remembering those we lost. Does this make me morbid?
Thing I learned this week. "We" actually means me. :)
You assholes. I am not no damn steak dinner.
Seriously tho, my last crush had braces &' well Austin has braces. <3 OMG.
Get out, get out, get out of my head and fall into my arms instead. I don't, I don't, don't know what it is but youu got that one thing.♥♬
Vote to create online sex offender registry failed by 1 vote, Wayne wouldn't vote yes. Release violent felons? He's Yes on that.
too short
Grow or die! This maxim applies to every person, relationship, and business! Let's make 2012 a growth year!
#Celtics looked good in their 2nd and last preseason game.
I want to give indie artist a platform to showcase there talent bob. Here is my no.# at 702-521-9715
Taking away lunch tables is punishment for the food fight?? Really thats not accomplishing anything.
Got a job now! Gonna be doing internal compliance and legal for JP Morgan! Such an awesome oppurtunity!
is that the old Chain gang chain I see?
Let's go Lakers
Missouri, you're 36 out of #50states in iVillage's Best States for Women countdown. Only 1 in 4 women have college degree, own a business.
If you like coffee, sprinkle finely ground coffee on cheddar cheese, then have your favorite cup of Joe with it. Before you heave try it.
Picked up Carsten Jensens We the Drowned the other day. Fat tasty hardback with a gorgeous dj.
I thought that this episode was a little strange, but the last few scenes made it awesome!
Last day in the district. My companions still snoozing away.
RT : RT : its a travesty that the gifted black, healthy , talented soul singers don't get those shots.
what about this service? God is awesome!!!
It all just makes me ill.
oh you know I will my friend
i hope all you have a safe and happy weekend
Cryptocat, created by , is a way of communicating over the internet without being exposed to surveillance.
I'm listening to two old ex gangbangers talk about the good ole days... +_+
Thanks Tiff! You rock!
We always enjoy our lunches with but today was a whole different level
Making a conscious effort to tweet more!!!!
shouts to for the continued support of my record, "Without You," means the world to me y'all fa real
Pickens waved a hand. "I see no peaceful resolution to either. Five thousand well-armed soldiers have massed around this city."
TITLE TOWN Soul & Funk Party going down 2NITE @ Shadow Lounge!
Chris! Been a long time, buddy. How have we not run into each other in Denver?
“: RT : They're not "your" bruhz, if you're not a Delta. They're just Ques to you.”
At Silver Medal Event honoring Steve Atkins. Great Event!!
The Elysian WiFi is faster than superman.
he it's a lot better that way
etsy shop is up! RawPhotosDesigns.etsy.com *Like me, pin me, favorite me! (buying stuff is great, too)
you been done with me that ain't new!
#FavoriteLyric I think she on her period
Injustice can be wiped out, but human differences and natural limits can't be eradicated.
Arm wrestling Peter Elbow.
Come Naked ;D
Fat black bitch call her Albert lol
:) once you do please spread the word!
why do i have to be so assertive and direct with EVERYTHING ELSE, but when it comes to telling you i like you, im as timid as a mouse?
Same here! Loved your flier and connecting with you. Local is better.
oh, you're just being modest.
did they show you MP footage of COD:BO?
Many thanks!
Can't wait to get off work
Save lives. Give blood. Just donated platelets at United Blood Services. Got my 9-gallon pin!
Where is buzz Lightbeer?
Well it's good to know I've got the look down at least!
thats good. ur back. james hip. me sick. we're just a mess. lol
“Pay no attention to what the critics say. A statue has never been erected in honor of a critic.” -- Jean Sibelius
how old were you when you met ? (:
that would be cool if it had twitter handle instead of fax.
Can't waitt...
Way to go "I'll Have Another" on your #KentuckyDerby win. Hellova race. Smart race at that.
Most involved drugs & alcohol, theft. Students were given options for how to respond. Suspension/expulsion usually on the table.
Great celebratory dinner -- Kudos to the chef and the team!
First time cooks and the fire alarm goes off. Lol
Eph 1:11-12 11 In him we were also chosen,[a] having been predestined according to the plan of him who works out everything in conformity..
#Twi2012 'Slightly less bad' - Zanny sums up the optimism we have left for the state of the global economy
lmfao oh wow lol i guess if u say so ,u better text me tho cuz if not ya friend nomore =P
My sister's sneeze was super loud
One day Xcode will be hassle free… right?!
b ridn juss herd her song on the radio
humbling experiences today make amazing craftspeople tomorrow.
do you have any exciting projects coming up?
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will
Good thing I can afford a bad grade on my calc final because that was some difficult shit.
There is a tremendous (sic) weight pressing down on the center of the Earth because of so much population stomping around here these days.
#whenimeetjustin i will be dead by then, because he will never notice me.
at Buddakan for Phillys Tourism event with The Roots to promote Philly!
My finger slipped when I was typing the word "Twilight" and I ended up typing "Twitlight", I decided that was more appropriate and kept it.
love you so much Austy<3 you've gone so far and high(: you're following your dream:) You are a big inspiration<3 MCC LOVES YOU
Love your website! What are some of the trends you're seeing in 2012? Design trends? Furniture? Colors?
So proud to say that "The Great Divide" will debut on the Billboard Bluegrass Chart at #2 this week! Thank you all for the support!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Lucas Argueza ⁰Rising 9th Grader ⁰Concord, CA ⁰Travel Team: Classic Basketball ⁰Point Guard 5’5
caught Romney's lie that John Kerry also 'only released 2 years' tax returns.' It was 20.
Do superheroes count? Or partners, like Holmes and Watson?
Got 2 double packs of #5hourenergy for 8 bucks at #Walgreens. That's 4 bottles! #sleepy but not for long. But they're kinda yucky.
- our entire Resource Development team will be at the #wvdoconf12, I'm sure you'll see them there. They're looking forward to it!
Chicken breast saves dinner....again. Field greens/spinach/craisins/almonds w/homemade raspberry balsamic dressing.
at church
Just got to Starbucks. Realize USB is at school. But opened up my #GoogleDrive to find all the docs I need. I love you, Google.
Check out Making Sense of the American Civil War: Film Series featuring "Gettysburg" starring Jeff Daniels @ Green Valley Lib tomorrow @ 12.
Hear, hear. RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
i wish spring break could be longer. not looking forward for school
i’ll keep with it and hopefully those of you that just started make sure to exercise!
Toured Iowa State today. I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL COLLEGE!!!!
She Better Not Tlkk To ME Again
Had moms just cut my hair. Its cute lolz. Post pictures tomorrow before I go to work.
“Often in life, we forget the things we should remember, and remember the things we should forget
haha isn't that how it goes?! But it feels so good, especially after yoga :)
Why is there cinnamon on my bed wth
E Whinston of Qualcomm "For every 100 people in world 29 have access to Internet!"
Those who follow Blake Shelton on Twitter know the ins-and-outs of his drunken adventures, from the streets of L.A. to Taco Bell .
Tips: negotiate schedules 3+ months in advance. Don't forget about time zones and daylight savings (oops). Have backup lessons just in case.
Full moon ain't shit compared to a Scumbag Steve meets Chuck Testa meets Antoine Dodson posse cut.
not sure how I feel about nd joining hockey east...
Last week I helped my 15-yr-old dog, Kali, make his transition. He is now with his mate of 12 years, Marilla, who passed in December. R.I.P.
Had a good evening
We'll make it fresh when you come in! RT : looks good! Now I want pizza lol
At the Hollywood Pitch Festival you take scheduled meetings vs. Waiting in 100 lines.
Who else has seen it? What did you think?
Happy New Year!!!! Nothing like the Photo Promo Season:)
too too much! Sneak in someone's luggage!!
its my birthday 2day!!!
On that note, next time I see it, I'm going to have to look out for ! Got too caught up in the movie to search!
Unemployed:Gary Faulkner
Reading musses up my mind.
:) Thanks so much for the retweet!
I'm federwmd
We all clicked, though. Pretty soon the Chronicle is going to be using cute animals to get us to read. I'm sure of it.
use #jcdl2012 hashtags in following order to spell acronym *plus*:
Quit being a faggot and suck that dick!
RT How different would our lives be if we prayed SunStandStill Prayers daily? Truly believe God 4 the IMPOSSIBLE
Holy tolitdo it's cold!
you seemed interesting so I followed!!
Thanks for the follow!
is trying to keep people from following me.... Girlfriends *sigh* . Just kidding Michelle. I love you <3
Just got home, drunk as fuck-.-
“: cool got it ! Email me ” will do check in the morning
states that the lack of resolve between Republicans and Democrats in congress about student loan rates is unacceptable.
Hurry! You'll love it. If you have a VT driver's license you get in half price!
well...if ur not sure ur here but u kinda r then i guess ur a ghosty (:
cant believe that there are parades and celebrations of someones death
lil thank u
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 23
Just posted some WordCamp posters around Downtown Reno. First person to @ reply with a sighting and you'll get a free ticket ;]
I know all about the allergies.. :( that stinks finally able to have good weather ..and cant enjoy
Good idea now. Bad idea later.
Get 5,000 Business Cards for only $100 !!! log-on to www.800printingnyc.com
It's always funny seeing lil kids cry.
I heart Scotty
I was tumbling and hurt my knee so I haven't tumbled since then.
Shoot, I was hoping would follow me or some thing </3
ABOUT TO SEE THE AVENGERS WITH MY DADDY!
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
Out of consumer debt once my tax return arrives. #hooray!
why r u tweeting while driving???? r u crazy?!?!?
hell yeah! also been listening to Snapcase's "Progression Through Unlearning" and Annihlator's "Schizo Deluxe" both r killr
“: bitches hahahaha” I told u I'm koo off of fuckin hella bitches haha that's fa you pimps
Still trying to shuffle everybody over to the current account. Thanks
I hope Bossypants is worth the $17 I spent on it.
lame. Come to the 561
New yankee stadium is like mohegan sun with less atmosphere. Saturday night here used to mean something.
RT : The only #FiestaBowl I care about right now is the one on my lap filled with Julio's Chips.
That one person in your life who claims to be your friend but constantly tries to undermine your relationships and nullify you. Ugh.
Gourcuff named to the France squad for the Euros. Happy Blanc's showing trust in his former charge.
Why has the field turned to shite the last couple of games?
YOYO = You On Your Own.
Goaltending is only for teams that can't score.
World #Prematurity Day--remembering the little angels and honoring the survivors. 11/17/11
Ultrasound photos on Facebook are creepy. I'm just sayin'...
Bucks F Ersan Ilyasova does not win the NBA's Most Improved Award. Goes to Orlando's Ryan Anderson.
oh hehehe, yeah I may be trembling a minute but imma jump!
Doing a social media Spring cleaning. Goodbye spam tweets & sketchy followers! Does anybody else do this to their SM profiles?
good lookin on the mix bro/hit me when u bak #Dreamfirst/Who Else?
ok enough of this. am obv NOT going to do any more work, I should just go home and watch the matches instead of sbing and reading you lot.
love ya team
Just had a wide ranging and insightful face to face convo with
Well it's time to get back to work on Monday and get ready for CC. Not to excited about splitting with Gophers, but we'll take it...for now
Is the priest cute? Chat him up :)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali
Hey Joe ! Good to run into you and Angela last night! I'll let know of your interest in drawing classes.
I get on twitter when I'm bored. So somebody go ahead and make me laugh.
Did anyone else notice that season 5 of Reno 911! is suspiciously Garcia-light?
So, are you like three? Your naiveté is no excuse. Newbie or senior guy it happened INSIDE #nbc. Nobody from outside. Inside job.
“: johnson and strop now 9 for 9 in saves..Bird pride..country taking notice” GO BIRDS!
Probably all laws are useless, for good men do not want laws at all, and bad men are made no better by them.
If Floyd's got #BieberFever, I'm not hating
Recorder is back on the stage Saturday July 10 @ Crystal Pistol in Tulas, OK...Free Concert!!!
thanks! glad your boys love the catalog. How old are they? Any favorites yet?
Jason Wu launches his line tomorrow.. So excited!
they're only trying to help. Remember, porn doesn't watch itself. Often.
Told her its more atractive when u hold it down
Congrats, Cathy!
round 2 tonight be there
When the economy rebounds how will your credit measure up ????
#HappyMonday, PDX! Will the sunshine carry into your workweek? has your forecast every 15mins , 6-8am. Next one's :31!
Excuse me Sir..am I bothering your precious exsistance? #I'mInvisible
These are amazing! Great job capturing the essence of So glad you could be there with us.
Say hi to santa for me
Had fun last night playing guitar hero felt like 1 of guys
No Problem. You are welcome :)
Going to the supermarket on this cleanse diet is rough. Wish I didn't just walk past the bakery section.
I don't get Taco Bell wanting patrons to give their name rather than assigning a number. Let's not bring identities into this shameful act.
TO WEAR BBY. And take me with you. LOL (I wish)
that would include Danny Brown, A$AP Rocky, etc..
There's a maybe a couple things that could be called out on, too. Good to meet you #IRL - regards to !
feels like I'm in good company...lovin' the spirit that's coming through the music...
Yeah, Rangers! Beat the Caps.
i've been ghost writing for years but am finally putting up a site! fun!!!
no matter where a man goes, it is important to whom he returns
I am living in a society of nonsense. No one cares...
may be.
Also, will be live tweeting from Stand Up For Justice, so be sure to follow them!
Obama needed something to generate energy for many in his base and this triggered his decision.
Had a great time at the hawks game, saw my team #BOSTON CELTICS play, Shout to that invite
That wasn't a dis, it was meant to reify your "noting new in digital"stance. RT : yes, same as it ever was...
Give you this, give you that Blow a kiss, take it back.
Election time will be here before you know it. Register and vote!
Wisdom is the wealth of the wise.
Doing the same, enjoy the rest of your day.
wanna see the chariot again? They are back on tour
So apparently there's a thunderstorm outside. That just shows how tuned out from the world I get with music <3
oh I hate haha too! It's so unfair, but I harshly judge all lol and haha tweeters. Yet I have "ha" 'ed in my time.
I think it's funny that, regardless of who wins NYR/WSH, the Devils will be the most offensively exciting team left in the playoffs
#IdFangirlIfJustin saw this tweet. ILOVEYOU. c;
well I tried to get 312 but they didnt have that on tap. So I got some Oberon
have you seen the video? Otherwise that comment might be misconstrued :-)
If the bitch ain't fine I don't mind, two nickels make a dime every time
“: Being in love doesn't mean u have to be together and being together doesn't mean you're really in love”
thank god for baseball! Haha
Don't follow the yellow brick road, take the beaten path, you'll get there quicker and with less nausea.
Like, literally?
Hey everybody! Please follow me and keep up through my crazy journey. Top 24 baby! Here we come!
r u part of ChipMeUp as well?
i know thats shit now, wish when you are going to stop toking about that fucker
Uggghh its top early for work. I didn't sleep enough!
The true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good. ~ Ann Landers
My fucking battery life sucks
Question of the day. Who is your favorite vocalist?
Its 11:11 and I'm eating soup!!
I'm at the minor league game at miller park and there was a kid wearing a hoodie dancing on the jumbotron! We are everywhere!!
me too, wish I had the willpower to beat my Type II; I cannot get a good start, but I have to try. Best to you today! :-)
Getting some IF ONLY'S sent to us. Email us if you want to be featured on the cover of our EP "If Only" at
It's Daffodil Season! Nothing says Spring like Daffodils, and who isn't ready for SPRING?!
Hi, Malcolm. Just checking in to see if you had any luck thinking of any potential panelists/moderators for the 13th. Thnx! :-)
If doing it is wrong, I don't wana be right
The Amazing Spider-Man Launches OsCorp Industries Viral Site
yo! Thanks so much!
Happy Friday, Kathy! I hope you have a great day & thx for the RT!
I have 135gb of video I need to burn to DVD. Whats the most efficient way? Anyone have an article? I have access to Final cut and Premiere.
Birthday s/o to ! Happy birthday booobooooo! I love and miss you very much. Have an amazing birthday <3
I could listen to all day!
I think i've had enough drunk texts/phone calls & green giraffes for one day
Hanging out at a 7 challenges training. This program is awesome.
busy day, couple good games at the big ten tourney..now richmond v. new castle 930 whon to listen
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Ryan Clark is not there to help palamolu.
sure. What do u want to talk about?
Woken by birds outside this morning. If I whistle the death march to the Mockingjays, do you think the other birds will get the message???
love the new song #SaySomethin !! :) love you <3
It may also contain graphic as well. Therefore, every CD is covered in a CD jacket for better safety.
U/D Poplar Grove - Command requests 3rd medic for the *SERIOUS ACCIDENT*
RT Playing literary greats tunes at deans tonight with Brandon Elam around 930.
Notably absent: my all-horse remake of Bergman's "Brink of Life"
Studies say wearing red can change your mood for the better-time to go shopping.
yea , i guess !
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
Yes! I love Shooter's scripting on these issues.
Gotta admire CP3 for trying to make something happen and forcing overtime at the least. But glad we're getting overtime!
And I'm back where I belong in SD! That was seriously the quickest trip ever, less than 48hrs in
Off to the #140Cuse Reception and then the #BetaAlphaPsi Banquet... Busy Thursday on my end, but all worth it.
Agreed! Thx! RT : What a great night for a date night! Enjoy, you two :) RT : Date night <3 (@ Greenstreet Cafe
The awkward moment when you realize you're wrong in an argument, but you keep arguing anyway.
Wow that Duke NC was unbelievable!
Thanks for the follow dude!
Any1 know of or participate in any noteworthy communities where u pay to participate? I know some, but nothing w/ scale.
host a party with 1D up all night party
are you kidding me? you look exactly alike. and ikr im so jealous shes wicked pretty -___-
thx, lived with it so long, ruins quality of life though, neurologist is trying to get me under control though
see below...hoping ohio and PA are runners-up in this pageant!
hahaha that's the funniest pic I've ever seen in my life LOL
Stan Javier
Sam Watch: Worley up to 49 Twitter followers, which will be included in any sale.
I have your spring break shirt, remind me to give it back to ya!
but make sure you come out and support my sister she is also very talented she will be hosting dec 6 at webber's thanks:)
EsJay's going global! =] RT "We’re also making it easier for American businesses to sell products all over the world."
This is a must! Do it!
Well, that's a new twist on glass half full. ;)
Barnes Foundation's new Philadelphia museum, reviewed - Washington Post Barnes Foundation 's new Philadelphia museum, reviewed Washington
Joining in! Looks very cool so far! :)
it wasn't terrible.. until the second glass.
Linked In keeps sending me one-moth trials for their Premium service. Anyone using it? Is it worthwhile?
Deleting my twitter app.Some people just overreact too much and spread a bunch of rumors. Read my last retweets. said it all
Of course, and everyone believes me because I look innocent(:
Opening up to the panel with and joining us.
why isnt anyone up?
RT : Until yu walk a day in my shoes please don't tell me how to do me..
Love ya too hunnii
I want an experience more fun in 10 minutes than I had in the last whole week. Any suggestions?
#Artists #Bands join Http://www.dagnomusic.com Sell your music keep 100% of the revenue , Find new fans , and socialize.
Trade sugar for honey! Add it to your oatmeal, tea or coffee to help fight hunger.
Now I understand your dinner link! Met your partner in crime at #dctweetup; he convinced me to come. Thx!
Woohoo about the badge for #pcbw2012!!
I wish there was a money emoji! #wheresthemoney❔❔
What's the last good book you read?
I LOVE and want the world to know it!
#orange coffee in chicago! Are you gonna hit the toy store too?
This a simple question: If you drop two identical glass cups from the exact same distance. Will they break exactly the same? Probably not!
#BasketballWives is on!!!
Enders returns to full-time racing with Ford Mustang Pro Stock entry!
Who's going to Kansas City Thursday night? will be there! Bring your special silent auction pen
Uh oh - looks like #in2 #hashtag has ben hijacked.
Sees the current conversation as similar to the "end of the world" conversations that happened around Xeroxing
FRIENDS: "I don't have any lunch $". "Aww, here's $5." BEST FRIENDS: "I don't have any lunch $." "Good, you were getting fat anyway."
Can't forget Charles Willson Peale's Cabinet of Curiosities as an early American museum
congrats on the amp! but careful, tube amp building is contagious! ;) (3 for me in past 2 years). send pics and schematics pls ;)
Coffee is so amazing that even after roasting it all week, nothing still beats that Sunday morning cup! Have a great day everyone!
4 Fridays until tax season 2012 is officially over! Yes, counting! Then no work on Fridays until 12/15! Lucky me! Life is a Balancing Act!
A little drier Wed north of Olympia, even some sun; rain returns from south late day/evening.
#Np Racked up shawty~Meek Mill
hired a food truck to be outside the library during exams. They aren't seeing much business, possibly b/c adderall suppresses appetite.
Good Luck Andrew....go get 'em
Lunch with and evening with ; just another glorious day of Adventures by the Book!
Omg, that high note austin just did .. asdfghjkl;
I'm downtown & carless. I'd like to have an adventure. What's the best way for a hobo to get to Schenley Park or Shadyside? Other than rails
Did I mention that I am loving Jill Scott's new album. Great compliment to my work day :)
We can't wait to see you all! Thomas is so much fun every year!
1/29/1789->Lafayette:From these circumstances, I entertain greater hopes that America will not disappoint the expectations of her Friends
I had a friend once blurt out Vagina when she used expensive film for a not so worthy of that film pic. You two rock! lol
Parent teacher night....very exciting :P
glad to hear that!
I know you didn't just call my seed Flugazly?lol. I'll be at your house when you get there!!
Just saw rick santorums campaign bus drive. I am pretty sure the gates of hell were opening beneath it to thaw the streets.
this totally reminded me of that Beyonce song...now it's stuck in my head lol
HAVE YOU HEARD THE NEWS??? LEE BRICE & JAMEY JOHNSON & JOSH TURNER @ BONFIREJAM! GET TO THAT PRESALE @ PEN AIR NOW!
Floyd Mayweather beat Miguel Cotto by unanimous decision. The fight went the distance.
Lol who hacked into the account lol
So good they have to rename it three and a half men
I just died Hahahahaha
Intro to Lindy Hop starts tonight!
getting a ride to and from work is like riding the school bus: embarrassing and time-consuming.
Kudos Judge Hatchett!
Thanks darlin. U are always so sweet & Im excited to see you RT : oh babe you rule #HOTLIFE #bestboyfriend 💘😍
need to go summer shopping with all this cash that has conveniently come into my possession
follow us on baltimorebestcrabs.com
When you're happy like a fool, let it take you over
WHAT UP WORLD...IN FOR ANOTHER LONG NIGHT ME, MY PEN, AND PAD..
I'll be right over! Haha.
Turn on the heat #LAKERS!!!
aaahhh...missed you Saturday.
DreamWork Kitchens specializes in kitchen & bath remodeling and cabinet refacing. Nice to be on Twitter!
Ronald. E. Osborn The first one gets the oyster the second gets the shell.
It's the reverse. The value is the distinction between surrogate (digitized) and original (born digital).
woke up to a bird in our van this morning. weird shit.
OH REALLY? And you call me old?!?! I got you ari!!
this weekend went by so fast.. well goodnight everyone, love you. <3
<delete, delete, file, delete, delete>
#NP Kanye Ft Jay Never Let Me Down... This my ISH!
Yeah, probably not, but I do love Rocket Bar. Thanks!
The trimester is winding down. Very exciting, to be welcoming 140 students and 30+ new teachers to my evening grad class:)
hahahahaha I woulda bought the pistons and brought them downtown!
Lily Storm and Dan Cantrell will be playing on the dinner/concert series on Saturday, December 17!!
Looking for something to do this weekend? Check out King Tut at The Children's Museum of Indianapolis!
We hear ya. See you next time!
The crossbar gets Terry's wife first.
what are some good books about customer support? Any blogs you recommend on customer support?
Big Thanks to Hamilton Middle School for the great time today! We hope to see you guys again!
Tweet me something CRAZY to do here in Disney World that would make people look at me weird. I'll do whatever ;)
#ThingsStalkersDo call u from other numbers so you'll pick up
would you not say our moral beliefs have evolved?
S(he) be(lie)ve(d)
I like the contact rules as they are, but I think coaches should have more than 5-6 weeks to watch summer teams.
you're welcome! :)
I like that the day after I finish #Catching Fire, #Mockingjay comes in the mail.
Fiesta Mexicana moves downtown! So excited good Mexican food and byob!
It's so  and so tight.
Watching Monday night #RAW super show on USA network
Not to mention the distraction of reading a text, in your car, in obviously bad weather!
No Wawa review. Not sure why, but their food is awful now. They don't have any of the things I used to go there for.
is it me or is all my direct messages says the same damn thing from different plp and i thought facebook was fucked up
Morning highlight: Reading the snipes about The Pitch on
I understand. And as an ITRT, I am not part of any regular rotation.
It's worse than we ever could've imagined. Nowhere is safe. This is what happens when you let your guard down.
#shout out to my uncle Dave for restoring my iPhone
Loving that one big-time Luv! That is one dripping wet pussy! Have you got anything else? Maybe a full-body pic.
i now understand why some people have separate beds and rooms.
Give, Receive, and Dance.
Tried to tell my friend I was a brony...ended up acting like I was faking it...
Good morning, everyone!
We look good together.
If Macho weren't so cute he'd be sleeping outside right now.
thanks for the updates, Holly, and for all that you do!!
1D is all I ever think about nowadays . There just all so hot . Especially
Hello Bob :-)
Last Minute Gig annoucement: and Soulsquad live recording and video shoot TONIGHT at 8pm. Free w/ RSVP:
why am I up at 1:39 am watching tutorials of D'angelo songs and learning them on piano.... lol -__-
But if you are a good person, you should trust your gut to tell you how much is enough.
HELL YEA I SHO NEED TO BUMP INTO YA WHILE U HERE #DM ME YO NUMBA MY GUY
This guy makes some good points. But we do have to reinvest in our infrastructure.
A 3000 dollar camera for her birthday ? Damn lucky .
yo that smoke we got is a cross between og kush and grand daddy purp
Your one bada$$ woman!! Love your music as much as I love breathing! Take care!
I could never actually pay it (short of taking out loans to do so). Instead, they forgive that debt each semester, as a hiring "bonus."
omg! She is so great!
Who's eaten silkie chicken?
yea go to YouTube type in Sor760 nightlife mixtape vol 1
I know my mom is struggling for food,clothes,&stuff for us. And I love her very much:) I want 2 dedicate #TurnToYou 2 my mom:)
Give Away Free McDonald's Gift Cards courtesy of the McDonald's Corporation.
Haha! I'll take it. Great to meet you on here. We get WGN in Portland, so I'll make sure to check out your show.
U/D Vincent - Req neighborhood services for displaced occupants. Fire Investigator req Arson Investigator
We appreciate the follow. HOW about those Pacers!
little tip: don't wash mushrooms? takes away from their wonderful flavor
im gonna take a shower. brb
don't you think having a fireworks promotion on Good Friday is insensitive towards Catholics?
ok it's settled. we start trolling the world tomorrow. but for now... SLUMBER
Tune in today at 9pm EST to for our new show "My Big Fat Failure"
You cannot run away from a weakness you must sometimes fight it out or perish. And if that be so, why not now, and where you sta
A little hahaha :p
RT : CSM Library's Text-a-Librarian service. Text CSM to 66746 . Get a confirm txt back then txt your question!
why didn't se apply. I got accepted one year but decided not to go
Our metaphysical consultant says that waffles are the penultimate energy clearing vessel, second only to crystals, duh.
Spoiling myself at the spa getting a facial before work.
tomorrow: work and goin to school to take care of some business. god pls make monday go by fast
Thanks! Me too :)
Been up since 4 still can't sleep!!!
What's the difference between my fat cock and a joke? You can't take a joke 😏
#nowblasting Love Like Crazy - Lee Brice
Days like this I wish my grandma was alive so I can lay my head on her lap while she rub my head & I pour my heart out. So much on my mind.
Follow me, i follow back!:D
A rush of blood to the head
I like your eyes how they are now..js:)
I Listen To Chris Brown & J. Cole Everyday . It's A Daily Thing !!
RT if you've saw all his videos on Youtube!!!
Sometimes when I'm bored I sit on the toilet and make some life decision.
Westing: yes. Some people have innate notions of how movement should control things, but they don't always match users' notions
You ONLY have 3 timeouts left Baylor in the game!!
#SometimesYouHaveTo let go... Even when you don't want to.. You just, have to...
Lol - thanks! By the way, just checked out your blog, and loving it. Great Prefontaine quote for today :-)
Goodbye Wisteria Lane <3
Must write two letters of rec today, do or die.
wow UNC practice is going to suck tomorrow!!
How do you catch King Kong? Hang upside down and make a noise like a banana.
Nicolettes Friend said something rude about ICONiacz, & now some ICONiacz are like saying oh why didnt nicolette say anything...
A4. Create an employee focus group to gather ideas on why customers don't use org site (i.e. content inaccurate, easier to call, etc.)
It sad that I can still hear you even will my headphones in and the volume up
i know
Much love to anyone following me, you're amazing. Bed time for me. Sweet dreams. God Bless.
You and I, walk a fragile line.
I don't understand Pintrest. It's says I have I be invited. It's been a couple of weeks now.
Got G
So true! RT : More meaningful metrics of social media use called for at Monterey Bay Aq. Here here!
Nothing on TV tonight. Use 's House stream.
im watching on tv, this painting is worth 5million and it looks like a baby pooped on it...thats a masterpeice?
haha of course.
How does the generation that invented answering machines not understand its use? Stop running 2 the phone when it rings it isnt a fire drill
Red Robin with my bestfriendsss :)
we need a group solution! Very interested. : What are the useful XML data for a concrete media like poetry?
finna knock out, night world
Oh. Hello, Glen Hansard. I did not expect to see you here tonight. What's that? Oh, sure. I'd love to hear a few songs. Thanks.
in the room coolin for a moment.... wat to do
lol..tell them to fall back
Happy April Fools Day!
Thank you for all you do!
at the pool with friends livin the dream! kind of. i am very badly burned.
#southbysowhat sleeping with sirens, cartel, hellogoodbye (: To bad pierce the veil's not on the list.
Very excited to have Melissa Wald here tonight! -Lee Anne
My heart is doing all kinds of singing, dancing and laughing today! I couldn't ask for anything better!
Shout out to for lettin the bay eat for many Moons.
Literally stuck in a line of cars behind a tractor.
WHFS 97.5 FM first song back on air after 6 years 6 months and 20 days: Today by Smashing Pumpkins
well, "they" say, "if you remember the nineteen sixties, you missed it".
Could not agree more. I raise money for them during the season and the kids are truly wonderful. Hope to see you tomorrow!
is this you from over there?
Congrats on the funding. Great things ahead, we're sure of it!
. on ROI: "There's a return on investment & a return on ignoring."
Speaking of which.
It sure was!
how can u avoid hits in a fight? unless u have martial arts skills.. :-) if the fight is unavoidable.. that's what u have to do.
My brother started crying because he said I don't spend enough time with him... I feel bad.
I'm a little sick, but still enjoying the trip.
LOO THATS FUNNY. IM GOOD CANT COMPLAIN.
yup- he sure is! And he is pretty amazing at it too!
It's #Monday!! You know what that means #denver #dinner 1/2 Price Crabs tonight!
that's what a mustache is for. holds onto smell samples for you. ;)
Quarters in the sub with
I'm fucking these tacos up from
I hate LeBron James
that cypher needs to happen. Shits gonna be ill
Just came back from a fun filled Halloween party at Paul Allen's who played an amazing performance along with singer conchita
i didn't know you were behind me: the mark huntsman story
Conversations through twitter get annoying real fast.
This is great. Thanks for sharing.
How this UK team rivals the best EVER @ Kentucky!
So funny! And only $10
I wish high school was like , how it is on tv .
Here we go! RT : Oh..Archives = dinosaurs. HA HA HA! is getting epic lolz re: old stuff..
Gritty win by #UConn. Amazing performance by #Kembawalker once again. Lets get ready for the Aztecs.
Break a leg tonight. Act good!!!!
Keg stands all around!
Who the fuck doesn't pass the CAHSEE. I was sick when I took it.
and hope you are having fabulous travels!
I'm awaiting your next move on Words with Friends as I collect all the help in Empires & Allies. ;)
“: my dad = biggest asshole i've ever met” mine too.
We've got to be innovative during this challenging times. Innovative solutions to meet the bigger needs of our users.
took you long enough.... eight years coming, lol. technically, student is the LONGEST career you had..... lmao!
going out #nomoreloserstatuses!
4) the way she felt when she first saw me?
Wake up! We're open for lunch! 2 or more medium one topping pizzas are just $5 each!
Nikki Weaver is leading the audience in early morning yoga!
Ha ha! I'd give it to you in a minute if I could mate! Don't get lost in the snow over there!
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this a
I'm so glad you found a place! Fells or Fed? I'm sorry you're missing your place. :(
RIGHT NOW on www.electrolouis.com! We are playing LIVE! Tune in now for PROPER Primetime Thursdays! :D
AND SEXY. LOLOL.
You know your to close to your Bestfriend when your trynna get it in and you both start making out ! Haha I love you <3
RT : Up by almost 10%, more couples are choosing to have their ceremony and reception at the same location.
ANd they love the way i dumb out wit the gear That JAcket These shoes dont come out thus year
Didn't kno she was 5'3 but she perfect for me
RT Stress eating solutions #8: Sleep. Stress is exhausting - sleep will work more wonders than working late into the night.
I'm gonna take a dump. I'll post the pics on my Facebook page later.
The openness of our hearts and minds can be measured by how wide we draw the circle of what we call family. - Mother Teresa
If I am a little stressed I always stroke one of my two red cats and I feel fine instantly!
thanks pa
15th btwn 70th and 75th is closed off. Lots of emergency vehicles.
Doc Holliday left the team (phillies) for personal reasons. I knew something was wrong. You' don't blow a 6 run lead to the Braves.
yo i need them headphones i left and that footage big homie
This book is intense. Damn.
Well, the Padres have been a solid ballclub this year ... What? They're 0-6-1 in series play, that's great, make it 1-6-1
Getting my workout on at barre3 in Georgetown to then realize Mrs. Jill Biden herself is two mats over...
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs sitting on your front porch? - Matt
If played like this during the regular season I wouldn't have struggled so hard to make the playoffs in my fantasy league
Barbara, that sounds great! Looking forward to sharing your real estate tweets. Have a wonderful weekend.
Just tapped Mad River DIPA.
I Love You And You Should Earse You Twitter.!!!
Thank you so much - we open in NYC in Septembe and are currently figuring out the rest of the country!
That one friend who will borrow stuff from you & never give it back..
I agree. Props for showing the deal #EPT2012 Transparency FTW
pretty miffed. been feeling stuck. want to follow my bliss but can't seem to find it.
Another quiz in Ethics. 😖
Congrats on the nominations. Very exciting!
lol okay sent it to strmoon...man it seemed longer in the the document, but looks short it the email. Hmm..anywho, enjoy!! :)
Stop by if you're inclined. Brooklyn summer ale and way less crowded than tap.
Sooner or later I always find out the truth
Who did the ranking?
"Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away Now it looks as though they're here to stay"
Friend told me he got cock blocked by a bag piper. Dude, if you lost a girl to a bag piper then you never really had her.
5.4 Travis Porter PERFORMING LIVE @ FUR NIGHT CLUB Text TravisPorter to 74455 for FREE entry
you live in Finland?!?
Nice crowd at tonight....bout to get crunk in the 2nd set.
#Snow = don't want.
I think it's funny how everyone comes on Wednesday because we enter later :O
Another Great Meal at my favorite new restaurant in Alpharetta.
RIP.. @ HeavyD.. U are already missed..
love the pic!
industry news: tracy morgan will in fact star in my new series, "downtown abbey with brian fellow."
I've got a slight crush on bc she loves her bball and writes about my teams: UK,Dayton, & Butler. Keep up the great work!
City and SDPD had facts wrong on CUP re Type 20 license. Place was not going to be a mini mart like atty for applicant said it was.
Music at Mumbai: Nicole Elizabeth, vocal jazz and trio 4/7
ya, i guess things change, you know? you can see what the issue is on my fb post. just annoying and frustrating
sorry. It was too delicious.
She must realy like cake... She keeps saying it over and over. Jeez. Fatty.
Happy Birthday Precious Jesus!! Hope everyone has a Very Merry Christmas! :)
The rain is coming down hard and it’s cold out. Mom is warm in bed, she’s sleeping now. I took some goofy pic’s 4 my blog today. It’s ...
love it :)
good girl a couple more weeks of school thank God, did you get your invite on fb from me?
Jets what? This reminds me of the Giants-Seahawks game last week.
I remember that one! "El Diabloooooooooo!" Loved it.
I can't do it with the addressing and the deciphering and reorganizing and all the pragmatics and cohesiveness these are ideas and things.
The world needs a drive thru salad place where you can get why you want --fast
Very impressed with what you're doing...
Same old story that everybody knows, it's one heart holding on, one heart letting go.
I NEED TO TALK 2 SOMEBODYY ON DA PHONE
Got those new fries from pops plaza. Phenomenal.
So ready for an iPhone app. Hint, hint!
Nice work ! Now it's 's turn to crush it. #aintnopartylikeajonmarreroparty! Go Go !
MSNBC: Rev. Al: What you just said!
I can't wait! Let's hope for a good long summer.
im going to slap you so hard tomorrow!
i agree to that. Entitlement society
The nine most terrifying words in the English language are, I’m from the government and I’m here to help. — Ronald Reagan
U be up to no good and everybody know # J.Cole
Oh how I love
yep! Now about replacing those sound bytes in #finalcutpro ...
Working in Madison today.
That's what's up....so proud of you sis...won't be long for the cap and gown.
Bummer, I'm too late - Nice one :)
Don't Just live in the small box of the United States. Check the value of the dollar else where. www.Xe.com.
oh yeah i almost forgot i'm deleting on saturday
Dying of anticipation over here!
Good news to get me through working this summer!
Well I knew that!!! I'm just so damn lovable! How could you not? Bahaha!
Attitude: Some people will test you, some will use you, and some will teach you; but most importantly some will bring out the best in you.
Just finished Book #GameChange. Great read if you're interested in personal stories/dynamics that made up the 2008 election.
she wouldn't let ya? Just on today? Did she know she was going for pics? She's how old? Mommy good scares me
HowDoWeDese80 this beer garden in NYC for a friends bday, you?
getting drunk at la cha with the best kids in btown.
watch the video. Everybody's shufflin
hey Alex how tall are you?(: #followmealex please?(:<3
u make sports center awesome.
#fact my real name is Anavahn. But I hate it.
YOU KNOW! Lol. I'm Kinda Scared Tho "/
I fucking hate this shit. "I'll call you when I get home and we'll hang out" Jk, I'm ditching you for my cousin, again.
Merry Christmas!!
preciate ya Stephen ;o) ur awesome..
New Travis Porter/Jeremih is hot...with that I'm off to finish these mixes for the night and off to embark on an adventure tomorrow night.
Yep.“: Twitter makes you improve your writing, the 140 character limit forces you to master the art of getting to the point”
Why is it that Guys sweatshirts are so much comfier than ours?
I did something crazy today! Totally left the house without painted toe nails! I know, crazy! Don't judge me, I'm still the same person.
Renarder will be taking up three thirds of it...
working on my MR presentation at caffrey's. #casualwednesday with
yay you're coming!!! See u later tonight!
Laughing out Loud!
RT: Good because I been sweating a lot this year....hope to have a brigther 2011 then, ;)
Monday morning: what you need, free wifi, coffee, eggs and bacon, or French Toast!
To make things worse, Detroit taking it to the Chargers.
No doubt. Why is it that Xians ignore the worst parts of the NT, but chant those that appear 'good'?
I was a Belieber before I knew about his b day then I found out and I was like omg!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks my friernd...rock the day today!
Just overheard that Elway has a master plan of getting Orton hurt, cutting Tebow and Quinn and starting himself. I'm cool with it.
The Red Sox sent Marco Scutaro to the Rockies for Clayton Mortensen last night
Eric D LUX in main room …Karaoke in the libray..Marquee mondays
Brand new half comin up. Let's end this once and for all
Vh1 announces eminem is number one rapper
Why do they put scales in the rooms at all-inclusive resorts? That's just mean.
Fans give Hunter Pence the Bronx cheer after catching routine fly ball. Wonder how he likes us now?
When he becomes a Jag, you will have to come visit to Jax and hit up for a good seat!!!
Im so pissed! At ricks boatyard for drinks with my mom and dont have my ID grrrr
Say somethin cos you're driving me crazy<3
I hate this class.
“: The team is acting a fool for birthday. #celebration”We really were! Any excuse is a good excuse right?
Forgot how fun it is to make stuff with After Effects.
I finally lost a couple pounds , so happy
Lol make one .
Interesting thought.
if for some reason you have not tried this $1 dollar Indie game, please do !! Check out BloodyCheckers plz :)
that girl you want to punch in the face because even her presence annoys you.
wow, you're a natural. you should be a private investigator. :) then, I can have you look up all of my ex-boyfriends one day ;)
Navy and airforce used 4 billion gals of fuel in 2008
Okay. Things have been sorted out. Now ... to the pharmacy! And then bed.
#liesgirlstell I'm not the jealous type
Washington Redskins 17 St. Louis Rams 0 11:35 in 3rd #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Evan-Eric Longino ⁰Rising 7th ⁰Furlong, PA ⁰Travel Team: Sixers ⁰Small Forward 6’2
I'm sure Ronnie is happy Timmy or Veras-ie (or Jose-y) can't screw this one up. What is Veras' nickname? Rick got a HR tho!
You will own turquoise soon. I promise. You probably already smell of lemon grass and white sage.
Muhahahaha! So glad I deactivated my #Facebook account a year ago. Everyone is talking of switching to twitter cuz of the changes. SUCKERS!
Will you be posting any photos of LA then? :)
awww mann nothing but #family just #followed me
Great tweet!!
Happy first day of spring everyone! More importantly, who wants to come get free with me?
Unless it's Justin Timberlake. I loved those phone calls. They were the best.
I very excited because is bringing me a Potbelly sandwich for lunch. *claps!*
Im on this side, my side
Members: save the date for our next tea + treat parties following member-only classes. 4/1 in Dupont and 4/4 in Arlington.
Got into an argument about what Ayele Forde is capable of at RB. He's a nifty runner but IMO lacks speed/power. Friend sees a role for him.
Thank God the green douchebags are gone.
Then you shouldn't work up a sweat drowning them. Good luck w/the bags.
Please if u like Taylor swift follw :-)
RT RT I defend Zimmerman because if "I had a son he could be railroaded like Zimmerman."
switched from celtics to see final mins of bulls/76ers. dramatic finish. Unfortunate Rose out, but nice to see underdog fans celebrate.
Name of the first African-American astronaut and the year he traveled in space? For the answer visit www.americanlegacymag.com
#FF to our new design followers, looking forward to tweeting with you! , , , ,
Your favorite stage directions will have big news for you soon!! Hold on to your irregular features, fire buckets and lazy sharks
I have just posted 4 new vacancies, if you missed my update then we are looking for the following Character Artist - UK Senior Tools Progr…
Oh yeah that didnt bother me at all
Im 40 min early to my interview...sitting in my car counting the minutes
RT : McGrady poked Nic so deep in his eye, he was hit with pain and immediate blurred vision. "I saw three T.Macs,"
Learned more about the Reading Musical Foundation over lunch. Apparently Band Camp is different than reported.
I'll definitely take that as a compliment. And I can kind of see it, too.
"Stopped following Entirely too much Pittsburgh-related garbage..." What, exactly, were you expecting?
Np: Frank Ocean- Thinking of you
thks 4 vids & other links. if you want me 2 tweet it just add 2 let me no. dont send me a message i get 2 much, mostly spam
“Action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error, change - this is the rhythm of living.”~ Bruce Barton
Doctors say Giffords was shot in the head; bullet traveled straight through her brain. Giffords is out of surgery
im hungry
I love seeing that smile of yours
its a stupid system
...what does the night hold for me? hm :-D
why does mwc's tweets sound like they got bounced
Our Practicum and Career Services office just moved back upstairs in the admin area. Come by and say hello!
listening to essential mix for the first time since it came out. brilliant!
that's my fave activity. Your sis and g'ma and I would be fast friends.
The Futures Collegiate Baseball League is accepting applications for GM's for expansion franchises. Email .
with a system of whistles and clicks
cut the cord!
Congrats to kevin willer
Q. What do a Rubix cube and a penis have in common? A. The longer you play with them, the harder they get.
I also use Favorites as bookmarks 2 read later especially when links are involved. But that's just me.
Congrats...just heard the news! Exciting times...nobody more deserving.
What's the oddest topic about which believes YOU to be influential? (Mine happens to be Steak???)
I wish.
Same here lol
CHECK OUT THE REAL D$MONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE ON #DATPIFF.COM EMAIL
IBFF takes place May 10th at ! After party at Native Foods on Belmont! Schedule and ticket info will be posted soon.
thank you Sweetie :o)
Totally agree! I so excited.
Men: Never raise your hands around kids, it leaves your groin unprotected
loll im so done , i literally laughed out loud when i saw that !!!!!!!!
Excellent dinner tonight at Bistro Vendome. Big endorsement for #ASTD2012 attendees!
"Well, my conclusion is: ______________." Remember what movie this is from? Fill in the blank!
They call me mellow yellow
#YouKnowBritneysALegend when her name alone makes pop music relevant.
it's ok :( wish you could!!
Oh jeez!! RT Just spoke to 11-13 yr olds at about the making of
Follow Friday for my Ad:Tech co-panelists:
I don't have to babysit today god bless
RT : About 75 ppl showed up 4 neighborhood canvassing walk today. Gr8 turnout 4 a gr8 candidate! Perfect weather
4th i think
I lost count on how many times I've seen the HIV presentation
Went to car show today. Most new cars suck. Horrible blind spots, uncomfortable seats, no head room, and no fricken cup holders.
The one exception being it is awesome seeing Will Forte back.
our weekly Mad Men cocktail has me trying lots of bourbon.
Enjoying the Twitter world with
Sweet...you can tune a piano...
Is so sore from the quads.
RT : #youknwyouyoung if u don't knw suck yo own juices of yo man lips wen he gave u some bomb ass head.some freaky shit
You can die at any moment. keep your heart sharp.
balance, success, peace, and harmony!
hey Ariana! Hope you're having a lovely night :*
If you had to follow an organization on twitter, facebook, or their blog which social media outlet would you choose? Or which organization?
I have been and hope to go this year!! It's so funny seeing tons of doxies in one place :)
hey girl, I'm so sorry about what happened. Text me if you need anything <3.
Happy Birthday to my amazing and talented brother
REAL stinky men...Do girls really like a guy that doesn't shower.... robert pattinson apparently doesn't and doesn't wash his hair...
Anyone going to the Selena show in Salem? September 5th. No opener. ugh.
ooh, looks like it's NOT going to rain this evning!
Sometimes i wonder how my life is about to take a 360... Im scared but also ready to face anything that comes my way wit pride!
u told rickey dn't come for me HA!!
We've found safe harbor in a local line. These people haven't seen what we've seen.
No sir... Thank U! 4 being a great pro, for being a hero to myself & many others. 4 being a man worthy of looking up to!
We are 2. Just saw him play a few weeks ago :'( RT : RIP Levon Helm - Playing The Band for the rest of the day here in the office.
pop off
Looking forward to announce the winner of two tickets to Midwest fashion week event on October 22nd.
To go to austin
hahah boy were we wrong!!! "ive spilt water on myself three times now"
you're better at this twitter thing than me
So we've settled on a house, now to make the offer!
Gossip Girl!! asdfsdgdfg
lets fucking go!!!!! “: north america you are up first. get ready. #BELIEVEtour next week! LEGGO”
Your future is waiting to be spoken into existence by you. Get to talking!
looks awesome
yes! So I've heard haha :) still can't believe the story you told me about Carlos haga
eat your food and grow up hun or go play on the playground
No problem. We have given tours to lots of Drexel students and staff!
TONIGHT: Come see us at Pineapple Jacks at 10. 485 Spencerport Rd. in Gates. Tons of new tunes. And Diggler may take off his shirt, too!
#ImA Christian and proud of it #Team_God ❤😍🙏👍
We've been waiting to see if this congress will do anything constructive for the American people. Oh never mind... you're not a fetus
I think #spurs might be a better squad without Modric. There, I said it.
Feeling brave? Break out of your comfort zone and try our carrot raisin salad.
Yea I'm Winning because you are losing
I see his douchebaggary knows no bounds MT : Jonathan Papelbon is now referring to himself in the third person as "Cinco."
it's milky. follow me please so i'm not so bored while i'm working :(
#UNCA YOU did well playing against 8.... Congratulations... #Syracuse will get theirs Against
thank you Sara :)
Fact #1: don't give the football players water when they're mad:S
I've only posted two images so far on Pinterest so I'm finding my way around as well.
hey baby its Alex... Sorry I can't talk to you deks prob told you why.. Uhm I don't get my stuff back till tomorrow but I love u
surely he likes Glen Campbell.
always a good sign when #GOP frontrunner says Deep South is "an away game"
Yep. No contact with the knee injury. “: is Vontae Jackson on campus?”
Sorry you couldn't make it out! Hope the live tweets were enough! Props to your 'Cuse brothers who took home trophies
she is(;
You're just saying that to make me feel better.
In NYC for HeatKnicks AND Caps+Rangers.. Sat next to Lebron + Dwayne @ Lavo.. Great biz trip..
Signing today from 11am to 5pm at the Kemah Boardwalk with Books on the Bayou
Listening to wind outside. I think my apartment is just a few moments away from taking flight!
I could get to know you, take my time, and show you. Don't tell anybody what we do. 😏
FB has suspended The TROMA TEAM ability to request friends for 30 days, do to requesting to many friends that FB recommends.
I feel like I haven't been to work in the longest time
"…to know, and by knowledge to lift up the mind from the dungeon of the body to the enjoying his own divine essence…"
It was easier when I wrote my dissertation (in complete isolation) How do I reconnect with people outside of education?
Hey world I haven't been on my twitter been on my group one please go follow for me and MB they support use u should to ;) <3
-_- He needs to pick upp!
if the question is wanna fuck, then yes. yes i do.
I was hoping you saw that :)
Lazy sunday
now we're cookin with gasoline haha
Oh, yeah. Coffee.
it's ok he hates everyone! I txted him the night of formal and told him to have fun and he didn't answer me 😠
-Be For I Kill SomeBoby!
Instead give to yourself that which empowers you
We haven't had snow since '99!! But the mountain are capped!
Who would you rather work for? The GSA for the perks or the Secret Service for the prostitutes? Be honest?
Absolutely! Let us know how it goes if you decide to take a Zipvan for a spin.
Nothing is better than Monday morning class cancelled <3333333
naw the lack gas eating my Lil ass up. But I'm upgrading bro. Boss shit
Late to first period like always.
Hoax alert! Watch out for Fake Google Lotto winner notification. the Attachement is fake. Just delete, Google does NOT run a lotto.
What it is that makes me tick
Hello peeps
i need to learn french. that way, when kiddos ask if i know it, i can say yes :)
you made me smile! Haha goodnight handsome! :)
That's my bro! RT : Fat girl just used the the phrase "almost shit myself" 2 describe how bad something was.
k link plzz
Ah, Chopped. Or as it was originally known as, Whoever Screws Up Less Wins.
Personally I liked the little sponge cakes with jam, but I remember others lunging for the faux Twinkies. :)
when will we see the tf700/701? I want that transformer infinity!
And please help
just want it to be summa
Now I get why you're dating! You're both whores. (:
Stay focused on the end result and nothing will stop you!
It's over. We're on our way home.
So why did One Direction's album debut at number one when the Wanted's album can barely hold on in the iTunes top ten?
get down to Union Square...
Why do people Retweet old tweets?
i wish they would just kill me instead.
#Live #Auction at Society. #Film Posters, #IPAD2. All proceeds benefit the Denver Film Society! 11-4pm 2510 E Colfax St
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Waiting for green!
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring. ~Rog ...
follow history in the makin
Midnight is nearly upon us, and with it comes 4/15. THANK YOU for an amazing day. We'll make sure the Milwaukee positivity continues!
DID AN AMAZING JOB TONIGHT<3 BEST CONCERT EVER!
Great first day at #BGSD with , and of course Hubert and Elliott!
If you are in the California junkyard, then look for the man with the silver pan for some sweet delicious pie!
Wthh...okay then.
08/19/2011 - Willowbrook Mall accommodates shoppers with extended hours for Tax-Free Weekend Texas 's Tax-Free Weekend 2011 is Friday,
I don't drink, beer smells like piss, but Twisted tea is ahole lot different...
I do birthdays big!! Ice cream, cake, and the apocalypse!!!
love yah to! And what?!?!
Me: do u have a smoothie with strawberries and bananas Her: yes strawberry banana
All I want right now is devil dogs ! ( didn't get my fix last night )
Part of the early keepers date was your and 's suggestion. I actually didn't care. You could have kept him and chose not
Quotes from clients along the way "I want to thank you both from the bottom of my heart and keep being inspirational :) x0x0x0:) ""
Hope all the #mnleg watchers had a pleasant late night/early morning. Getting caught up on twitter from overnight...awfully testy
I freaking love peanut butter💗💗
#Educause10 "you're smart. You have to go sit in a room" let's stop sending this message.
Ladies we have to be strong,stick together,and support one another
I wish I could just magically levitate #atbab from the store to my house.
hope I get that teacher next year!!
TRAFFIC: Crash - Whitney Way - just south of the beltline, delays
Get both the biggest one they have and the smallest one. Think outside the box.
afterglow in an evening/light and dark are one/full moon/clear air/cool breeze/sensuous star twinkles/from a world's night without end -ess
*sigh* some people never change. Bullet dodged :)
i agree with you :)
President Kerwin's Fall Semester Update e-mail just came in. What would you like to see us report on further?
Nominating when traveled
Work is a mess today. Other than that, I'm good :)
was amazing tonight at #Americagottalent ,Her voice is just incredible and she definitely has a huge talent!!
Wow it's freezing today! Can't wait for summer!
I hate doing presentations on something I completely disagree with. Preaching against weed with my rasta nails? Yep.
hang in there Bob! We've tasted your baking and we give you an A+!
I NEED encounter again
we need to re-connect re:
We will be sharing tips from the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics "Get Your Plate In Shape" page!
Wanna freak out? = Google maps, type: 47.110579 9.227568, click the green arrow, select more then go to Street View. Go up two & left twice.
In The Hospital :'(
Just west of Mobile and the country station is playing Alabama!
great idea. Added a special tune for Instagram. Guess which one. ;)
hahaha thanks for the pic! That's gotta be in the hood right?
The judge at traffic court just completely botched a joke about me wearing skinny jeans. I laughed anyway.
did u hear a perfect mess?
i liked Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter for about the first 3/4 of it. he seems to run out of steam with his concept.
Thank you for the follow and support! Enjoy your day!
A lot of #Clippers hate from one last night. I LOVE IT.
It's 2012 N were still passing amendments 2 ban same sex marriages? NC get it together#IseriouslyDONTunderstand#It'saViolationOfHumanRights.
we still have a few promo code "MARCHMADNESS" left! Hurry and get them before it's too late!
is there a way to import all transactions into my account, not just the ones from 2012???
Loved The Punk Syndrome and Tchoupitoulas today at #hotdocs Check out the films tom night!
Everything becomes official on facebook
drink? I'm ready, where are you?
I'd love that haha(: and I'm sure my brother would too.
Are you going to Spring Swing this Friday? Join us for swing music, dancing, adult beverages, friends AND support ! All for $10.
The Political Party IN THE MINORITY shld be "the loyal opposition" NOT the #"DisloyalTreasonousParty" or #GOP"goofballsOnParade"
Why didn't you drink out of Leno's mug last night?! ha
Any word on USA vs Canada?
Just finished up a 15 mile bike ride. Fatigued from yesterdays 25 miles.
Don't arrive to the show at 8AM if that's when it starts. Always arrive early to set up and be prepared for the day.
Interesting given recent historians' work on sensory and aural history--more attention being paid to what people *heard*.
Even more awkward: some girl just thank you as she was passing the register and I didn't know why so I didn't say anything back.
She said she wanna take her skirt off I said be my guest, I decided to take my shirt off and show my chest
Weed Word Soup - wear a cool colorful list of marijuana terms on your t-shirt
interviews? Awesome. Best in biz. Rest of show? Not as much. Then again he actually has a radio & tv show so he wins.
Grind hard.
This week's #AdventuresoftheSoupTraveler #newsletter will be released tomorrow - if your not on the distribution list please send m a tweet!
Happy Thanksgiving!! Eat lots of turkey and pumpkin pie!
“: If you on the "low" it aint real .”
Oh my gosh.. What is my mom watching on TV right now...
very cute!
Just tried the Vein Viewer at #ASCO11 www.veinviewer.com it's awesome I Love it !!!
dude your tweets are on another level, never delete them. Make a book of your Tweets in T-3 yrs from now.
Applebee's kicks ass.
is off to bed knuckle-heads! Still gotta work tomorrow!
Another self-proclaimed hit single? Really?
I bet your right. lol!
28 years of Parties for the Off The Street Club! Come on Kids we are ready for you
alrigh I got you
when tweets blow up my phone << #nooffense i love you girl!
Idcc Imaa Dye My Hair In The Weekend !
I should have 36 points for the give me your hand promo but she wrote six haha whoops
In the mist of all the love I give && recieve, the hate showers. Lol
Wow, she's on a roll. "On 6th street, it's like a mardi gras for the college children."
how you doing Davan?
thanks hanna! :) miss you!
its really yummy actually!
Just emailed to see if he'll give a lecture at Berkeley. Does someone actually read those form emails? Fingers crossed!
I hate being at the lightrail with hella ignorant ass ppl trying to tlk to me.... Ugh.
Just had a successful talk with on the early ride home from school...hopefully it helps!
is creepin, i can feel it !
Lmfao Purrfect the cat... okay then.
You're welcome! Hope they come in handy.
man ill #DonkeyKong/Eastside stomp yo ass talkn all dat #Cray shit (old me)......hey Chase! How can I assist you :-) (new me)
it's the heat.
It's a big fat cup of coffee kind of morning
I know, I know. 75 percent of the response to Hank Aaron's announcement has been "my speaker sucked!" :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!! hahaha....
“: RT “: I could go for some pie :P” you should ask Annie for some :)” especially that pear/blueberry one! Yum!
Still dying to see , and
Ibanez may fizzle later...but right now he is helping the team stay afloat...ride him out...!
Tommy just said "everything becomes Irish once you throw a flute in it"
Was the opening text of Blade Runner as much of an inspiration for Moon as I suspect?
Smfh for real
Oh no no no Ms. Salpeter. You have to take the whole deal. 25 is 25. Inexperienced, idealistic, and foolish :)
Good morning! I hope everyone has a great Monday!
I can't believe I'm going out in public looking like a train wreck...
challenges - finding time to work on implementation, testing and data cleanup in addition to normal work
My 40 pound Kindergartner son broke his first board at Tae Kwon Do this week. Strangely, I'm still not very intimidated by him.
And that will be just in the booking room with the correction officers. Wait until they put you in with the inmates.
I'm good! How are you?
Laying on the sofa watching lifetime movies dozing off and on trying to shake this sickness
And you best believe I'm watching "All That" right now
Word RT : should really talk to and
Shock collars
Lots of events to look forward to next week! In the US, Boston's #cable12 -- & in Dublin,
as long as you didn't see a blue screen all is okay!
I'd much less rather eat a nasty McDonald's chicken nugget.
Dark Shadows has been #AA approved by #AA2!!! ;)
Lets get it KG
You in the room? Let's make a plan.
been for a zest and it was horrible
Awww I can't stop looking at the pictures from yesterday! I LOVE EVERYONE <333333
Newspapers are the new yahoo
New York City subways are now getting high-speed Internet. How about some high-speed subway trains?
I remembered she promised once now she say I can't promise u......... do girls really forget what they say that fast
Kind if into the fact that Cranbrook is in the news for all the wrong reasons...
Hm... thanks to Netflix I can now watch either Left Behind or Married... With Children. Decisions, decisions.
Madden live
The common characteristics of people make a community possible, but it is their uncommon qualities that make it better. John H. Fischer
off you to death..
Sounds (and looks) delicious!!!! Yummy!!!
All i can say for the LSU vs Bama game is WOW such a good game
Favorite part of Social Media is how we can interact w others building relationships n friendship, while helping other
Pretty sure I saw Eric Idle in his convertible almost run some jaywalking-lady over.. I love LA.
well i havent prank called u duude like i swear....... and i do no meehhbe where that came from . prankdial.com
Right before I die, I'm gonna to say to whoever is next to me, "I left a million dollars in the..." ;)
": #14369 I love you so much. Thank god for Alli and Cody bringing us together!" Love you too! And ikr?<3
Don't forget to donate to the M.D.A Telethon. If your in Phoenix, call (602) 277-3003 or Toll Free 1-800-790-0498.
the maine is posting tour dates this week !
Me either until I read it just now! Thought of the artist who couldn't get a visa (maybe confused for a real luchador)
Great convo with the ladies tonight, the best thing that stuck out from our convo is .. "How ya gonna move on still holding on to something"
My truck just turned 50,000 miles! <OVER THE LIMIT12>
I will!! I'll DM people too(:
i like u too
(1907) “The local newspaper...listed the captain and quarterback as Lowell “Two-gun” Thomas.”- Lowell Thomas
Did a new photo shoot today! Now in the editing stage...
Momentum shift in Omaha. Timeout couldnt have come at a better time for Trob.
Huff (Rep Leader) jabbing at Steinberg (Dem Leader): "We still have a $9.2b problem." Yes, that is why we need to pass Gov initiative!
And of course the rest of the cast why why why why does have to such a suspensful awesome show??????
in short, no one knows. :)
Perhaps you're listening to too much The Edge?
Living earth. Community. Encounter. Expression. At NMAI.
Happy Monday! May we all have a productive week ahead!
Build up an emotion, heart rate up, no tension Teach yourself 2 say "down boy" with tension. Press toe in left shoe 2 get rid of all tension
Mom just told Roxi (dog), "This is why you don't have friends. You're so embarrassing." 5 mins earlier mom saw a snake, screamed & ran away.
well hello chica! When I your next trip stateside? I'm thinking about visiting Italia soon w/ the bird. Hope all is well :)
I've been really impatient today 😒.
delete "to subsidize event cost"-replace w/"for event"-delete "in exchange for"-replace w/"You get". Just suggesting.
I'm just a bird, I'm just another bird!
one of the reasons you have a phone is to answer it bro
Father's Day is around the corner. What would you like us to offer? Taking all ideas for car detailing, cosmetic repairs etc.
Fresh attacks target symbols of Syrian state power - Fox News
So come on put your hearts up yeah, come on put your hearts up yeah, if we give a little love maybe we can change the world <3
What is the difference between a white owl and a black owl? A white owl goes, "Who, who," a black owl goes, "Who dat? Who dat?
"He who would travel happily must travel light." Antoine de Saint-Exupery
If she's lonely now, she won't be lonely long!!
It's all on you buddy boy!
finally Found my Favorite pic of Bran . check out my profile and see starz u too Brandy , thanks Jeff Riedel .
did i really just say "finna"
