Hope today you all have a great dayy!!(:
Are you the Desert Christian or the Oasis Christian?
What I'm supposed to do when someone #ShootOut on me?
Not an empty seat #sabres game
Kimaj just your typical bad ass 9 year old !
Have you thought about the TOYOTA PRIUS. Great on gas N environment! 51/48 MPG
But but but kellen moore
Sounds good. Thanks. It'll be great to meet more folks. Do you workout at all or just make sure to eat healthy?
Pls say its for Florida game! Cuz we're heading to your cit-ay then!!
Congrats to the Cards - Elite 8 - Richie1 pulls into first
Multnomah Youth Commission is my new best friend! :) They are all so kind, and accepting. they make my heart happy.
Ooh that's a good one! RT HIITs on the stepmill followed by a KB circuit w my 50 box jumps! Who's crushing today's challenge?
RIP Gary Coleman.
Oh this game is making me mad....
do not tell me that is your closet behind there!
IS THERE AN EASIER WAY TO PAINT white TRIMS IN A HOUSE!
Alex! C: hola c: como as estado ?:)
right on. All star scholar!
by available via Amazon/CreateSpace, iBookstore, Nook, KOBO, Sony eReader, BooksonBoard, Borders AU and more..
oh my gosh I said Monther's.... Meant Mothers!
trying accessible twitter, I think the text of the actual posts people typed seemed larger @ twitter or at least some did.
Market research Monday: Education technology for 9th to 13th grade classrooms.
Let's activate dexter Pittman for these last 13.2
I know, you weren't the only one thinking it. He's a very good scorer. Tough to stop him from getting his.
thanks, great work as usual
Ridiculously excited to learn & spend time w/ friends & colleagues at
It's never too late or too early to be whoever you want to be. ~F. Scott Fitzgerald
Yeah well I should quit rambling on at you, I hope you have a great day beautiful & Thank You for listening.
Supporting 👍 oh and I guess
I never understood this type of behavior. Why can't we just be happy that people are reading. Why the judgement of what?
um...the hurt is "out here as a glowing ball of pain"???? Im confused.
Dear Bed, I just want to thank you for always being there for me when I needed you the most at night.(^_^)
Be courteous. It costs you nothing, and it can mean everything to someone else. It also helps in getting what you want.
Two mile walk with the pups. Way overdue. #puppy love
Lemme wake this girl up
Culver&#39;s and Dairy Queen put cake in their ice cream
You know She's probably saving half of america from extinction.
I think I'm gonna just put mousse in my hair & make it like wavy kinda
why can't I follow back more people who are following me? "This service is down. Request has been refused"...? HELP PLS!
Both Lambert or Gaga would be better than Rodgers.
And this date gets even better. ;) a new issue of Castle Waiting at the comics shop. Yay!!
Elie Wiesel Quote of the Day: "I swore never to be silent whenever and wherever human beings endure suffering and humiliation...
I'm not, but going to Detroit on Wednesday for BoSox-Tigers Opening Day
. is singing "Fresh" for our Friday afternoon entertainment. "She's fresh, exciting!"
90% of men kiss their wife goodbye when they leave the house. 10% kiss their house goodbye when they leave the wife.
OMG DID THAT REALLY JUST FUCKING HAPPEN!!!!!!!!
": naw he inside on sofa asleep, hope yal had fun an much thanks to yall"no, thank you bank you! Shit I had fun
His brother derrick, 1 of my best friends. know landon well. U were brot up, i'm like, that cat's followin us on twitter :)
you're no oil painting but your interviews are fantastic. Maybe you have the face for radio.
I'm in so much pain phisically, and mentaly, I'm just fucked up at the moment.
that way more businesses will see that presentation (from A Career page)
shoot for the stars and you'll fail 100% of the time!
Alright, twitter rant of the day done.
Mo C goes #6 to America's team. Wonderlic deez nuts! Good luck in Big D & if u don't have haters you're doing something wrong
#UT WR Miles Onyegbule sustained a torn left pectoral muscle, will require surgery. He is expected to be miss preseason drills.
And that's all you need to know.
Sent the office home early today.
Like I said before, I liked them better when they were called the Mafia Cops, 20 years ago...
RT : "One sure-fire way to stay creative: force yourself to learn something new." - Harvey Mackay
I'll be Dj'ing today at Synergy Fitness, come down
RIP Patrice O'neal one funny funny man.
The is inching closer! Only 61 days!
Aw hell, open window, lights on = formosan termites in the living room.
Last year was big fun - excited for tomorrow too! RT looking forward to learning new tricks of the trade at
Okay So You're Tweeting Everyone But Not Me.? Jk I Love You :D♥
Things Are Only Going To Get Harder & Harder ..
August Resident Newsletter is posted! www.facebook.com/AMLI535
haha so you are going to hold that against me forever. But on that note I better set my alarm extra early for tomorrow.
u so damn fine girl....ima make u my wife one day i swear hahaha
We are closed on Easter Sunday, but open regular hrs on Fri (9-9) and Sat. (9-5).
'New' Twitter has finally been forced upon me. I like 'old' Twitter better. There's too much going on here!! Send help!
Going to RC Performance for luncheon opportunity with Midwest Broadcasting buddy. Will be interesting who I know there.
I'm on top of the world
What's more surprising: Chip to TB or the fact Michael Berk broke the story?
#juhomecoming is this weekend! Tweet about it!
I want to try RT : RT I love EOS's sweet mint and strawberry sorbet!
Needs to be worn at a PYP show. Oh wait...
OMG! No way. That is awesome. What a classic. Best of luck to you.
as safely as possible, Jon Selby Kundalini Yoga, this book is safe. A teacher is not necessary you can follow Jon safely in his book.
Well there it is Nady walks up to Brass Monkey
Ah to be young again. Maybe she should've started her day w/Dad on say...an 8am call?
The only cancelation that bothers me so far is Alcatraz.
RT : RT : As #BBJPacesetters #3 & Pacesetter Elite Emerging #3 is the market leader in contents...
text meehhh b
US factory orders edge higher in December
that's the best one!!!!
NCAA lacrosse tournament pairings announced; Maryland and Virginia will both play Sunday
Heading up to Family night in Greenbay with Meghan on Sat.
Butthole RT ": i wonder what kind of food jeremy renner ate today"
Geography snob!
Whose watching the Brits? I am! Who else started shaking and crying when they won? Words can't explain how proud I am. -
We are happy to have you, too. :)
Best coast covering Rhiannon was very nice.
Grazie Mille to the Italian American Democratic Leadership Council for your sole endorsement of my candidacy for
It took forever to say it's Friday.
-experience only it was in a girls room when I accidentally made eye contact w/random pee-er through crack in stall door!
We have posted contestants pics & Sexy Axe Girls! pics for the AxeOffUSA Guitar competition @ Hard Rock Cafe New Orleans. $3000 CASH PRIZES!
FREE TELECLASS WITH for LA Actors on 3/17 at 7:30PM. RSVP to . Hurry is space limited!
8 yr. old (and her dad) addicted to Downton Abbey. Whatever that is.
lol I'd have to get one when I move out! :(
“: Help Current Weather grow! Let's start seeing photos from Baseball games! #baseballwthr”
haha n'aww miss you too & yeahbuddyy you already know(; x
Glad to be here at the #AAJATriviaBowl !
Thanks my friend - u too! RT : & have a safe trip home.
I've been everywhere man looking for you babe. Searching for you babe...
Oh okay .
Hadi good to see you on here. Big time 49er fan!
Tx for wishes & #GAAD support Nice to "meet" u virtually //
#educause10 We are!...
RT : GOP #vikings plan covers "everything from the turf down." I'm imagining vacant lot with football field on it?
I was enjoying just this thing in Boston this week.
I'm actually proud of how we packed after our circumnavigation. We "only" have 4 massive bags, 3 carry-ons. Manageable on SouthWest.
#pointninenine here and it's cold!! Occupiers need blankets, gloves, hot food, ext.
im thinkin a game Saturday before lunch then local 7?
Thanks for the write up on Grounded in Music!
Look at the art first?! What a crazy idea!
Amtrak is such an easy way to travel and that wi-fi!
I remember when vampires could turn into bats & fly. now they need cars... lazy asses nowadays
tmvogel: Reviewing comment sheets from our #sla2009 #chem sessions. Hoping to see some suggested session topics for next year.
Great song on KBCO right now -- The Mountains Win Again by Blues Traveler. It's going to be a good weekend!
Cheresa and David together again. Every weekend.
Twitter haz the biggest hypocrites lol
I took a deep breath and listened to the old bray of my heart. I am. I am. I am. - Sylvia Plath
Join us today @ Noon for our $45 DS Charity Qualifier where 20% will win seats to face off against , , & !
": thanks for the follow and congrats on your weight loss" Sure thing! And thanks!!!
I swear it feels like every girl on #disneychannel wants to sing know. Or they think they can
Collizion crew never had justice in this competition. I feel so bad for them, they shouldn't have gone home.
Thanks Colleen! :) Still not gonna be able to get over to your area for a while cause of school! But we're playing soon :)
RT : how about chance myers scores a real goal too. "I stopped predicting, it will happen"
There are exactly 34091 characters in the subject lines of all the emails in my work inbox. Yep, it's that kind of day.
The new album Born Villain is awesome!!
Final Friday's is tonight! Which exhibit are you most looking forward to seeing?
Glad to hear Jacob sorted everything out for you & was able to get the site back up quickly. ^CH
i do talk lol. U just on the other side girl
just touchdown to my destination
downloading new music >>> cleaning my room
Well duh, they're Parisians. You expect otherwise? Pretentious assholes. But I love France, and the people for the most part..
well shoot what are you going to do now that your dreams of being with are over?
Heading to the Tyranena beer breakfast this morning....m beer and breakfast
I'm not close at all but you can certainly crash with me!
I thought I saw Zac Efron 3 different times today. Get it together, men. You look like young girls.
how would you go about doing it? Teaching journalists just data...
I'm ok have a lot on my mind
Happy birthday Suze Have a Wonderful day
DANG i have 8 new followers xD....splendid :D
Watching the #Knicks tonight makes me miss
what's going on with the rangers it just said end ot is the game over? I couldn't see them leaving it at a tie in playoffs?
I can't wait to see it..I wish I could fast forward.
Feeling for the Boston Marathon runners. This sun and heat could be brutal today.
Newborns look like aliens (or maybe it's just this one) pass on the baby train.
I am so sunburnt right now that if you saw me, you'd probably do a double take because you thought you saw a walking lobster.
But they sent it to Portland for Wallace. I read one idea, Rudy to NO for Amini, Jack and their lottery pick, that's shaky.
Ybarra thought the car with Erica Smith was the one driving the wrong way. She veered to avoid it but was too late.
Celtics doing their thing. Just need OKC to follow through. Fuck LA
RT : LeBron gon end up flexing Granger... << I think so too. That football player gonna come out lmao
HEY EVERYBODY, SK_TheKing account was hacked, the email account he set has been changed and he cant log back in
It is funny photo
My parents were both Jayhawks. Go KU!
When I see a white dude with a samurai sword, I always think "which came first the obsession with videogames or the Asian fetish?"
Spongebob is on. Live is good.
then dont take the compliment
Word bro...Aye man....follow my crew too We drops knowledge for intellectuals such as yourself mayne...LOL.
listening to music by WU-TANG CLAN well i wait for more people to follow me
is now live on MEOW!
thanks raquel for retweeting :) can you follow me? it would make my day<3
sorry... I'm at my moms, visiting
When's the next new episode??!
Still haven't got a call for a job offer
i dont think im going to remember how to swim tomorrow
Yay! Have an awesome time!
Sit down money bags!!!
Wait, let us guess! Jeff Koons? Alec Soth?
I am at the City Council hearing for our Recreation Centers.
My feet are actually gross....
Pau w. work. Off to #eatthestreet tonight but stopping by first. You should probably do the same.
That was bullshit!!! We had that goal!!
Damn dat some simplistic thinking even for an atheist. Maybe you should be protesting some religious edifices somewhere.
Small business owners: Learn how to cut your credit card processing costs today at 1pm ET - bit.ly/cEcL4w
I have my speech tomorrow. Oh joy.
I don't think so, I earn my followers.
Well hello there!!
Been saying it since November, spurs are the team to beat
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” ― Eleanor Roosevelt ♥
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus passengers for an awesome weekend. We are always more than happy to be the designated driver! okcpartybus.com
Every time I eat tomatoes I think of and our steak n shake experience.
: Ty-hope you too!
Happy Easter! Enjoying soda for the first time in 40 days..
": Someone needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures lol.. #VainTweet" get a effing life you moron LOOOoooOOooL
2012 Madonna's And Gaga's Year? people still spelling bieber wrong.. wowowowow.
All thezse hoes Do the Freak Shit For Attention my First Instinct as a Nigga Gone Always Be
I can see it in your eyes you're angry.
Need 9-15 people to play in Fantasy League in Denver Area.Draft will be held next Saturday or Sunday.Need people to come in person.Send MSG
well it looks like justin got un-blocked from the TT's
I'm about to hurt my sister for talking about my crush!!!
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
RT : "At the centre of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want." - Lao Tsu
You mean stride of pride! “: since we're not getting a hostel Sat night I will be doing a country-long Walk of Shame in white”.
idk. it just makes me feel awkward.
Show tomorrow at Churchills! That's what I'll be dreaming about. And of course flying zombie clowns. Andy
Sex and love are two different things
Thanks everyone! We'll be at the Water Street and Wisconsin Avenue location every Tuesday. Tomorrow: Buffalo and Broadway. See you there!
haha my dad gave me some cash to eat so fuck it hah. What's up dude?
I love you Pam!
Can someone please tell me who this Kennedy Chick is?
didn't get to watch the Diaz fight, but the recaps paint a picture of a brutal defeat. What did you think?
Dammit man if they are gone buy more??? LOL eddy MOE my nigga
Anyone having trouble with their gmail accessing imap server?
going to see avengers with tonight. about time i get to see it. haha
Rainy and cold, makes me long for hot tea and conversation with friends in van city
Thanks for your time and insights today. It was great to finally meet you face to face!
#twitterlessrobert got that blood gang swag
were JUST friends!!
As the rain falls on the just and unjust alike, let your heart be untroubled by judgements and let your kindness rain down on all - Buddha -
With DEC corn limit down and ethanol and regular unleaded at parity, what does that do to the 'food v. fuel' debate?
Signed up for 6 days of trial bootcamp :/
Today I begin my new top secret musical project. Youtube fame and fortune, here I come!
his line right there was so incredible.
finally switched over to a real profile pic. you're gonna miss the activate logo though.
damn, my lips STAY dry af
Todays #drake song of the day is "Take Care"
RT : SEATTLE WA!!!! Tonight I will be at the Crocodile Cafe! Smoking!
I filleted my petrale sole last night with your help (about.com)! Thanks!
Its your choice whether you dive in or not but just as easy as it was to dive in its also easy to drown! Whether ur a good swimmer or not
#BBN loves you & that #beautiful #smile of yours! ;) Thank you for helping bring #home #8!
you gotta get on again for your Derby podcast. Talk how deep field is, structuring bets for big wins, live outsiders
and look who won;)
Cool - looking forward to it!
#adobe PDF form-make it interactive and accessible on Reader and you are limited to total 500 responses. period. solutions?
Can't wait! RT Hey #HungerGames fans. Check back with us at 1pm ET/10am PT for some huge news.
Hey Brock, way to be a man and retire like a bitch!!
The best conversations happen at night
You're right, good call. I'm a big fan of sweets after sex though. So some fresh baked cookies, brownies, and cupcakes will do.
“: ": When I'm depressed I cut myself.... a piece of cake" so us lol” hell yeah...I want cake.now.
Everyone be sure to wish our drummer Dave a very happy birthday!
How was your #MardiGras #FatTuesday #cleveland?
Instead of paying 4summer &aftr school remediation, they plan 2squeeze it in during schl day at expense o electives
check out this page
Hey what's up
who's url is la disputa
I still have the notes you wrote me, but I can't bare to read them for the memories will keep me down.
I like to blacken it with any ole blackening seasoning and make a fish taco using salsa and sundried tomato tortillas
Did you get by for some Duchesse? If not, I've got another keg of it in waiting after this one kicks! Just love the stuff
Then I remembered to stop caring ! That's why I say nothing, sooner or later you will learn you're lesson 👎
MUAHHHH hi sweetie
I could picture hearing her song come on in an elevator.
Thank you
ok how is it only 10:30?
Estrada maybe could be available. They'd need to handle his forthcoming start on Sunday with a roster move then.
I'm so happy it's Friday!
Getting ready for #hurricaneirene here on Long Island, NY.
Wow, thanks so much for following me! It means a lot! ♥Mal
#NeverShouldYouEver give up on chasing your DREAMS
Good Morning... Happy Sunday
Life is a church were the angel and the devil set their pulpit at opposite sides of the street.
Hahaha “: I can't stand people that don't know the difference between "your" and "you're". Their so stupid...”
and it seems like yesterday it was just a dream... but those days are gone, they're just memories
lack of offense?? His numbers don't show everything. Doesn't always need big game due to his teammates skill
There's just somthin about the airport that makes me excited! It's like a melting pot & every1 has 1 thing n common. They're goin somewhere!
A8: Buy a tablet, buy a smartphone and experience it for yourself...THEN you'll understand
hey! Go pats. Tweet me during the game. #key!
It's crazy how some people just forget...
I wanna play Marco Polo with deaf kids.
Why is Brittany Spears on MTV hits
You get really effective on a shoot. There is no time for indecision, no time for anything that won't help you get it done.
Really enjoying the input in today's #ynpnchat since I'm applying for my MA in Nonprofit Leadership & Management this month!
Yes ma'am
Meanwhile, every day in Mozambique Iris is breaking severely demonic strongholds over whole villages as witch doctors' are being dethroned!
#iadmit I didn't wont to wake up this morning and come to work... Ugh
At w/ winners! Waiting for ! Excited for the #British blokes! For now & are killing it!
you an get a bottle of 08 cab(napa valley) for $60 from #cakebread direct
The Post Office is a zoo!
How do people retweeet me but can't press the follow button !! #OH 😠
that weed leaf stitching on the football is actually pretty cool.
Nun Much . Wbu ?
Good Morning!! Hope everyone had a fabulous Thanksgiving weekend!!
Saturday night spent dancing the night away as the White Swan at the KCRW Halloween Bash, today spent doing work I love. Life works out ♥
Does anyone have any feedback on the differences/reach between PRNewswire and BusinessWire?
Yesterday was amazing!!!!!!!!
true lover of anything homegrown...#ChuckBrown in da changer the best &the beginnin of Go Go music..goin celebrate his homegoing!
Yesterday I dreamed that I moved to Texas, went to a new school and everyone liked me. If only that dream were reality. 😔
#BestPerformanceEver with in VMA 2010 - Not Afraid and Love The Way You Lie .
i have 3 months to save money so i can leave Houston :o
That was 1 of the topics covered 2day in my son's Dekalb Youth Commissioner's conference. They're trying 2 solve it!
Behind the bar at Carabar tonight. Swing by!
Mongolian bbq
Don't be afraid to be proud of your accomplishments! I say this, but I'm still trying to learn this lesson myself :)
is it like a full cig waiting or like share a cig or like half a cig... Should I go buy a pack of cigs?
ALL BOYLAN HEIGHTS VIP ARE SOLD OUT!!! Thank You C-ville!!! GA Still Available @ Beer Run with No Service Charge and at the Pavilion!
dont have a bad dream
Last chance to post your favorite picture of the Miami Aladdin Hotel on our wall for your chance to WIN A FREE ROOM for tomorrow night!!
I hate flipping gnats¡
Daily GTKY question: What are you doing for Easter?
You know, the guy called it a day, already. Seems just a little off kilter to keep backing a horse that's out of the race. Don't you think?
thanks for all the retweets! i will def catch your show next week.
The dictator has arrived
Hopefully dey dont wake me up too many times...i need sum sleep...
RT : DDS: Support 2morrow nite. Upland Brewing Company & many more R having a pub crawl in Fountain Square
The Chicago DuSable Museum is FREE today!! You don't have to wait for Black History Month to go!
If this rain keeps up, I will be swimming to the airport tomorrow morning.
Also, strange Amelie Nothomb fact: "Many ideas included in her books come from conversations she had with an Italian man."
First and last time on the ukulele. I promise.
yeah so should i re-do it ?
Fair enough.
i have some other advice for you, how about contacting me privately. I have no idea who you are, before you slander me
Got to go get something sweet Krispy Kreme donuts
Happy to have you!
Too bad the walkout wasn't today too, need a long weekend
I am there through Tuesday.
So awesome to bump into again last night! You are and still remain the nicest person I have ever met. One cool fuckin chick!
im home!! just need to shower. ill be ready in 20mins.
that's real & the 'other' is real 2. Not sppting the viol angst women act. What's happening in Texas! Health svcs 4 poor wm
Thank you, its very nice for me too!
lol, Charlie, Mac, Dennis, Frank, then Dee (in order from funniest) lol
sorry for being too young and making you wait... I may need to learn how to drive a normal car before I learn manual ;)
To all our bidders and buyers at the Illini sale: Thanks for your support!
are you enjoying the book so far? ive heard mixed reviews about it but i kinda want to read it
LMFAO Naw I seen some that look AMAZING lol
thanks, pretty! I'd love to see you soon and catch up after all this recording is wrapped!
haha ;) and you know I'm the opppsite! I'll send you my twitter basics. It is a great tool for sharing things... like our fav video.
nothing wrong with a lil hyperbole now and then. tough call on which bob song is best tho. So many greats!
i wanteed 2 go 2 c u in south beach but i was @ skool :(
Can't believe ppl still buy this terrorism crap. Government is manufacturing this stuff to justify security costs. Wake the fuck up America.
Leaders say, "yes" when they can excel, "no" when it is beyond their talent & "wait" when there is no time. #Leadership #nonprofit -ASDungan
M Bodos bagels- I love teacher appreciation week!
You just teasing me now!
Somewhere out there, there is someone who dreams of your smile :)
This is for a the grand opening for Mandee's Union Square! Please send email with height,
someone with 3,685 followers: "omg i need more followers! :( " me (291): "WELL YAH. AWKS."
QoTD: "Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable." (Theodore N. Vail)
doctor party. Next time you can be my significant other haha.
"Time and the world do not stand still. Change is the law of life." — John F. Kennedy
WHY IS PEOPLE IN OTHER PEOPLE BUSINESS CAN SOMEBODY TELL ME WAT SUP WIT THT
You're welcome :)
appropriate that everyone left the room after this
Nice! How many and did you already get them set up?
It is not what he had, or even what he does which expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.
Quick Remodeling Ideas: Home Improvements That Make Life More ...
Finished our taxes today. Feels good to get that over with:/. Looking forward to some softball games this week.
LMHL= Love More Hate Less , <3 !!!
at least we were legal in our hales huh ... Lol
OK, friends. Need some help. What's fun to see/do in Dayton, OH?
Not only where they came from but how hard it was to get there? But yet they give no love to striving musicians.
Reporter whose story you linked to.
When fake ass hoes talk about fake ass hoes LOL, sit yo ass down.
lol. Eiw. I did wear shorts and a tank top. Which was exciting.
I'm guessing my ex got a tattoo of Cassius so he could see his face everyday without actually parenting at all.
we will be back next week on Tuesday. Let me know what night works for you busy bee!
giants by 10 at the half
Enjoy the weekend and keep us in mind for your Brazilian Hardwood Flooring needs!
Early #FF:Andrew Morton is now on Twitter: Legal/ policy counsel to philanthropists in sports & entertainment
Leighton Meester Wears Wedding Dress For ‘Gossip Girl ’ Scenes with Penn Badgley (PHOTOS) It ’s called The End of the Affair episod
Looking to hear your feedbacks re our service. www.joborworker.com
#sanchez Lots of text on that yellow box slide. Use white text on red like you do later. Check Lowell pronunciation.LO-ELLE
I would love to come on the cruise? Send me the details!
my dog > every other dog
YES YES YES!
#FridayFightAgainst Smoking, that's how my grandfather died :( I never met him :(
Great lift with
It's hard to be mad when you're holding a teddy bear.
They saying Junior Seau committed suicide
glad you used the exercise for #NaNoWriMo! Thanks & Loving the map
you know your to old when the gym is to loud! RT : Courtside for Game 7 tip of Grizzlies-Clippers. This gym is loud.
yeah it's been very easy going, especially after finishing Moby Dick not too long ago
Looking forward to Blazers v. Suns game tonite! I'll be in the house!
Come out tonight & enjoy a glass of wine w/our expanded small plates menu & support & ! We Open At 5:00pm
Haha no way! That's awesome! I love BFS!
Good Luck! Sending you lot's of good vibes!
Nice to be home for Christmas!!
I can't send a DM to save ny soul -.-
ok, we'll meet up. i have no clue what i'm doing, or who i'm going with, etc.
Never shopping at the regular Urban Outfitters again, its all about that Urban Surplus. A jumper, shirt and wallet - $18
not sweet! Lol
Party party party!
Glory lies in the attempt 2 reach one's goal & not in reaching it. ~ Mohandas Gandhi
On air at WCUW 91.3 FM www.wcuw.org - interviewing Joey Baron, Boston Jewish Music Festival and Neshama Carlebach - listen in right now!
I have some humorous friends. Remind to never let them get their hands on my phone again. Looking like a crazy betch. But I love dem ❤💗😃
Big important #jobinterview today. Wish me luck!
Haha! On the way. I can trust u, right?
like I said before niece she can go play with mutations in baltimore's inner harbor
Hey Kat, attended the LA Screening of SMASH at the Grove last night. I still got that McPhever. Pure Brilliance!
Fun research yesterday: Helping my daughter find sources for a paper about Mr. Potato Head.
Holy hell.
School makes me want to die
I have a VHS player at my house :p can't get out of it now. lol so what if theyre embarrassing you can look through my pictures lol
In one of my admin classes, the professor said that when he was a principal he threw away all his mail.
Loved boot camp with !
My Boston people, y'all should go to that. I would if I were home!
Should we not reward ourselves after a run?
you got it
The whole second guessing sucks! I'm sure that it has everything needed though. :)
I'm trying to get Firefox's memory usage to stay under 500,000K without disabling AdBlock or YouTube Comment Snob.
are you here at #hoosierprsa?
yeah what are you doin skank
working great
Awh he's adorable :)
Hope everyone enjoyed their Labor Day weekend.Did you know you can follow for our latest updates? Let's keep the hires going!
Eternally, I am yours Lord.
If your gonna be skinny, Hit the gym,let it be an Athletic skinny. Don't look like you starving an talking bout you running shit...
Ember and Umber
from my experience fewer than you might think. You're still going to have a few that don't do work or try to cut corners though.
Make it a date night at Grazie: Book reservations with us tonight! 305.673.1312.
i think I did pretty good. I got a standing ovation from all of them. :)
Hey, #mw2012! I'm abt 2 graduate with a Masters in Visual Arts Administration & am looking 4 a job. Anyone have an entry level job opening?!
It's only Tuesday.....
I'm a creature of habit, so it's just really annoying. I'm already sounding like my Dad! Shit.
Great perspective!! RT : The Nutter Butter Blizzard still gets a A rating, even if the USA doesn't.
Listeningg to old songs like Let Me Love You By Mario && MJ Songs Bring Back So Much Good Memoriess!!! <3
Ah! Elton John! and Flava Flav! in the same commercial!!!!!!
i'm glad you approve. and the roller skates? i loved those.
Didn't spend as much time in Chinatown as I would have liked because we ran out of steam. Now after a nap we're ready for dinner.
your hair puts puts fire in my heart
YAY!! Got all A's on my mid terms mood: Proud
We did not endorse or are aware of any of the malicious attempts of to make his beard the face of our franchise
Thanks! We're pretty excited for it - Look forward to seeing you there.
Almost to new York
I think that's a brilliant idea. Ms. Smarty pants.
It is the herd mentality in action.
The All American-Bieber?
eat at el theatro at the Wynn!! and dont forget to spot by the craps table on your way in ;)
Happy Birthday to the love of my life, !
Why? Cuz the last time was so successful?": Van Halen is going back on tour w/ the king of the scissor kick David Lee Roth
Is the PERFECT man #CRUSHIN Hard lol;-)
Congrats to for earning All-USCHO Second Team honors.
u make me proud
just cataloged April 1981 issue of Life featuring article about poets, inc. G. Kinnell, M. Swenson, J. Merrill, Tess Gallagher, R. Hugo.
the NY-AG is now tortiously interfering with my shareholdings (banks/insurance companies). $400B is the lawsuite number if sues any bank
ha, that truth doesn't hurt fam. PS: the Knicks haven't been good since that era either.
job application requiring college transcripts. Really?
Three words to remove corruption from politics in America: public campaign financing!
holy #BAMF storms batman!!
Now if EVERYONE will get out of the bedroom, Drs office & church, we might be able to have a meaningful election...
I have horrible service at work.
what exactly do u do at PG&?*#*
Maybe ... but we like it.
Damn! Wimbledon started this week? I'm totally out of it.
yeah well... over the next 30 days ill average a flight ever 15 days... and about 5000 miles traveled so :P
I need to call me
Full cast table read tomorrow! Can't wait to see the cast bring the characters in Monongahela to life!
It doesn't matter how bad my mood gets. I watch her fend off dysfunctional people & I'm right as rain.
RT: "Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
oh that's good :)
fb ma I blow purp all day
my bank sucks. i left my debit card in another atm,it sucked it in and shredded it. My bank hasnt sent me a new one and it has been 2 weeks.
u had like vilegasvalley biebsgomezcandy jbstucklikegglue jasminevmaniacs me i just barely changed it
Electric Airsoft Guns Facts . reliability
Yeah what you do on weekends is "mature." lost respect.
Just another group I can use to tag my Youtube videos with :)
Mid term profit gains are nice but in reality it's more an absence of meaningful across-the-board planning measures.
Turned out to be a good day .
is it today?
It must be the #bizarroworld, Figgins gets a hit but Ichiro strikes out!
#asecs12 Roach juxtaposing portrait if Charles II with Disney Captain Hook -- brilliant.
Everybody CANNOT take a "I'm just waking up pic"
Haha for sure!
no, i'm curious - what made you come to that conclusion?
is looking forward to attending the Federal #Librarians Networking Symposium next Tuesday!
not yet. Gonna get 1 of the leader tees though
“Attitudes are contagious. Is yours worth catching?”
We Have 1D Infection I KNOW RIGHT!!!!
OMG I'm BACK Ye-ha! "Almost drowned in tub of Ped. Pals foot scrubbies bubbles. I was a slippen and a slidden,..but ya know i had fun!!
I agree...
why isn't tour stopping in south? London, Corbin, Somerset? ???
Couldn't sleep. Decided to stay up all night. Now regretting it. Anyone know where I can get some good meth?
Does anyone have room for 2 to ride along to the show in OKC from Ft Smith or Fayetteville?
Just left the delt house. Paris bound.
kalacarter1. I didnt even know you did hair!
yep. He will not be fully healthy come playoff time.
In Class. On The Computer. researchinq Hitler. lmao
Out to eat with my mom <-Kelsey xoxo>
Thanks for having us, ! It's always great to connect with y'all!
Pete Campbell explaining what he does everyday = genius.
is too hot for the Primocos. They need to lose the belts and she needs to be reassigned.
Reminds me a bit of Nicholson Baker's newspaper archive, though PastPages seems more valuable due to ephemeral nature of net
Gorgeous day in #AnnArbor! Come find us at the diag for some FREE stuff!
lol hm should I put #OneOfMyFollowers on Mac blast ?
Glad I spent my birthday with one of my favorite people in the world.. #youreoneofakind :)
It amazes me that, year after year, these college football teams are so competitive, and still manage to be under the cap.
haha yes!! I dont think dave would be down. He cant be around flashy lights :(
I'm so fly feel looks I got feathers
Most of the Top 100 on are romance novels. Influenced by #FiftyShades? Nah.
First stop on the apartment search was located above a porn shop. This is going to be fun.
Thanks for your interest! Send clean edits to .edu
+1000 RT : Longhorns beat Ags in final Lone Star Showdown. Texas won it 6 out of 8 times. And it's goodbye to A&M.
#FF Thanks for the mention!
Need a Stocking Stuffer? How about some Smokin Good BBQ? What says happy like a belly full of amazing food?
same here.
Hedge fund student loans James Cameron eyes in America mulls House bid Wal-Mart silenced Mexico bid.
can you replace WORD 2010 Normal.dotm as easily as it was replacing earlier WORD version's Normal.dot
Final #donut tally for the day... Shadel 2 - Coworkers 3.5. Yes that's right, someone actually ate half a Donut and left the rest.
Burger King on Northside and Fair. See y'all in one hour!!!
I've got a bad feeling
I get into town on Friday. I have things to trade you.
lolz she's going to out live Tito and I.
Mourinho may be "the chosen one", but he is SUCH a petulant baby!
Glad to hear it! Perhaps the sample I got was a mistake.
Fucked off another job opportunity wasting time at Dallas Live last nite, Smh, I should shoot my muthafukin self
Reach out beyond the winding road, and fall into a space dividing, let all devolve into peaceful blur...(exhale)
hey what's up Shane are you in ft Lauderdale now
Picked up my cap and gown! This feels so surreal!
About to go check out My Week with Marilyn.
All my dreams would come true if Troy and Abed in the Morning were a real show I could watch. I might start getting up on time!
"Thumbs up" So good!
makes me miss Seattle!
Hope everyone had a great Labor Day - now back to work! Chop chop!
we appreciate your loyalty to us :)
Doh! It says it's private and won't let me view it.
Text game too WEAK
Happy Thanksgiving to all.
Taking off next stop las vegas... Yes sir!!
probably how I found the boys ;) your name will be mentioned ! & why I love them ... Etc
Follow Julia's MKE food and Russian cooking tweets. She also tweets for Society Mke
Feature Doc "Flex Is Kings" (on "Flexing") Successfully Completes $40000 ... - Indie Wire (blog)
You were right!!! Have fun! :)
Blown away by energy of social good Social Innovation Fast Pitch! Texas Pie Kitchen win = tears in my eyes! :)
Gtown's statement was a good step but not enough. We have the right of expression, but what about the human right to control our bodies?
the lights keep flickering D:
The only time to eat diet food is while you're waiting for the steak to cook~Julia Child < Food is about joy not guilt!
Simple bitches
“ old songs are better den songs that come out now n days .”
Dear Wisconsin: Get. It. Together.
Eagles pursuing Darren Sproles - #Browns should be too. That's our COP back right there.
You should give it a shot! You never know - you might love it!
#Oomf is a naughty little bitch ;)
Interesting! Here at Janus University we are familiar with alternative schedules.
steal some covers, share some skin.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being. — Johan Wolfgang Von Goethe
If a girl replies k or yea... you did something to piss her off.
If a tree falls & no one hears it, does it make a noise? If you have an idea & do not execute, does it make a difference?
Working out to the tune of people laughing in the street.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! you are the cutestt. ;) love yoouu.<3
Clearing out the warehouse in a hurry!!
mm m delicious!
I need 2 more followers for 1,000... follow me!! :)
I'm sad to leave the beach house behind as well. I hope they will love my new house with a pool! I had a blast...
Hello, dear Martha! Ah, I am just getting the hang of this tweeting thing myself. I miss you! It has been a long time!
Today observation taught me that it is quite possible to chug Malibu rum with glass shards in it and not die of internal injuries.
You know what sounds so delicious right now? Pizza. Yum yum yum yum yum yum yum.
Ugh! Im gonna barf...eww!
LOL ill let you know when corporate gets back to me. You know how long that sort of thing can take. And im on your side!!
Build Day is one month away from today!
better be glad I'm really hungry for cheesy pizza and can't pick-up because of this presentation i'm working on....
Public policy consultant Art Hauptman to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conference. Read more at www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010_ACIS_Final.asp
Thank you so much for the follow and support...
Booking some tours.
I'm sorry I know I've asked this a bunch of times and I don't want to be annoying but will Omega HD be updated for iOS 5 soon?
A book that costs me ¥500 ($5.50) in Tokyo will cost me ¥1500 ($16) to have shipped here. If amazon.co.jp sells it why doesn't amazon.com??
Good Morning.. Happy hUMp day :)
Ohh yea my mama made me some chicken salad
Doesnt hurt! and grows back!
Yes - much better than when it's rejected and you have to start all over again!
So excited! In 7 days I get to see about half of the people I #FF 'd!!
whatever... Jk Love You :)
'Advertising' icon idea from : "Man with a sandwich board." Made my day, haha.
What's the going rate for this kind of internship in your neck of the woods?
already my brother,much luv!!!!,say hi to you're son.
Nobody needs a shadow like that looming over their lives. I am glad for the great outcome.
Love it! I should be the star of my family's Christmas card next year.
nope, just awkwardly expressing my desire to go there :)
Nah, it'll be different! :P I still got your number tho! :) It's not activated, but i'll make an event on fb! And thank you!
Dude , "Let Me In" kills. Kudos brother.
#morningjoe live again tomorrow morning from Jerry's Deli on South Beach RT : Awww I'm too late!
"THE" BIG 1070
If I were to make a dictionary: CUTE = you; SWEET = you; THOUGHTFUL = you; GOOD LOOKING = you; GORGEOUS = you; LIAR = me.
ha, that a girl!
The White House Press Office sent out an email about moving the G-8 at 2:46 p.m.
Don't have anything to do this week might as well finish up the paintings I started back in september. Its been a while.
Google Places is great for small business owners to have their establishments out on the map for relatively no cost at all!
He is beautiful!! (:
Thank you sir! #ff to Robert!
It sounds like crushed it with her backbone.js talk this morning!
But she can RT S/O to my moms for still thinking she can whip my grown ass.... She 4 foot 11....
Spring Forward? I hate Daylight Saving Time...
it looks like Austin Public Arts is a hot topic right now! Don't forget that we need to support all aspects of culture, not just live music!
no matter what the oscar noms suggest, melancholia was easily best picture of the year. (followed by tree of life, by my favorite director)
Woops. Accidentally purchased an App while paging through the app store. Guess I double-tapped somehow? Luckily it wasn't a $100 app...
Will be meeting with the 2011 committee on Sun morning, can pass this on as a request. Meantime, ask us anything!
Love the site, let me know how I can help.
You Late!!! Like ALWAYS LMAO
They call me the OCHO! Bc Im a pig in heat! a swine with out warning! WET!
Brand New Community T-shirts at www.tshirtoutlet.com #nbccommunity. Be A Human Being.
Ticket on sale for our next Encore show - April 26 at - Yo-Yo Ma and Kathryn Stott with Assad Brothers. Will you be joining?
beer is not hard baby
finally watching the glee from last night.
Nope. Just saw it last year... and I'm in my late 30's.
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithHoe im gonna get you hoe
"They whispered, conspired, they told their lies, God favors me!"
Need more help Sado_Slim?
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet? - L.M. Montgomery
East Brunswick gas station is robbed by 3 people in masks
I have to be 7am tomorrow to do hair for shoot with Will my key open back door?
Lindenwood kills the penalty. 16:00 left in the second.
Muschamp is either way too happy or way too angry on every single play. I'll give 25-1 odds on a 4th quarter on-field aneurysm.
You know what! It needs to happen ASAP! Because I'm tired of waiting for your EP to come out and so is
just realized three days of food poisoning means three days of no coffee... Kicking a habit? Really?
Thanks again for visiting yesterday! If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp!
it's not the same with out you
I always hear what a world-class city Boston is. Well, it definitely has a world-class joke of a subway system. Suck it, MBTA Redline!
we miss ya 2!! Just hit me up or Macho and we'll link up!!
Just eat clean and as close to the farm as possible and you'll be fine. Avoid highly processed foods like fruit juice or soda.
Then paint it black again
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver.— MAYA ANGELOU
Good picture!
and now the Celtics foul again. Never mind, refs still aren't cool.
I turn off twitter to get some work done & completely miss this awesome conversation. <3 you both so much!!
I wish my 98-year-old mom was still alive so that I could evict her! (the #alive part, that's the important part, wouldn't evict)
I'd be interested in hearing more about this new Kroger service...is it all or just a few locations?
And thx and for listening and suggesting fixes, too. Love twitter for stuff like thus, makes me feel better abt humans
also heard interview on NPR of author of "To End All Wars". Sounds great. Deals with war critics as well as war itself.
I said I wasn't going out for relays but apparently I lied
Woo hoo! Just voted - Good luck !
agreed that was nasty
Just passed a mother and daughter having an "intellectual" convo about various Disney paintings. "if you REALLY know the art of Disney..."
dumb bitch
wait what happened?
Hey Dorothy, could I just borrow those ruby slippers please?
its gone they have gone !! bo i wanted those sfg hoodies so much ... better stick with the clock :/.
hey do u wanna follow me?
Guess who got a new lunchbox! Tyger did I can't w8 to pack all my goodies for school! Banana, almonds, baby children, cliff bar, earth worms
ringalingringggg!!! Hi Anna! Thanks for following #mofonesla! #tacobell is awesome.
New Exclusive Hip Hop Instrumental Available Send Your Music To lezalemusic
Thanks Colleen. We're glad to be doing what we do :)
#ihateitwhen your sister dosent leave your room and keeps tooting and burping and it starts to smell like an outhouse
Boom Bam! Monday morning, Threadbird's in the office killin' it for all our customers. Let us know if we can get anything going for you!
Made it Brownsville early this morning! Excited to worship with you guys tonight!
First time riding a motorcycle, first motorcycle fall. And attended first Sikh wedding, happy fourth of July!
No one has to love me , but me . And that's all that matters :)
<3 I love ya!
can we do talk f2f with people in france, in Miami? this takes out the social anxiety factor
I smell like ❤
absolutely poured in Carlsbad, thunder too. A rare thing for SoCal.
omg it won't let me follow you );
I need to call you soon mmmhmm....
it sure was HOT! OMG. My makeup went everywhere. Were you there? And were you one of the few lucky ones who got to eat? LOL
it's called LotsaWater check it out!
Last thing: What's even more beautiful & mr important id that you love the Lord!
Red State? Looks great ! Crushit, dude & have fun in Minnie, great city...
Going to #Chicago this weekend, anything I should be checking out music wise?
At CJ game
Who out there had some 100% CA hopped lager over the weekend?
All is in the hands of man. Therefore wash them often.
I'm in ATX
RT People who are stuck say: "I can't do this." People who are unafraid to try say: "How can I do this?" Who are you?
I don't like being alone, just makes me thing about negative things
you may be bored, but atleast you look good! Haha
Can't wait to spend new years with
I used tire tracks to replace two tires so I could make the trip home 4 Xmas, I was in & out under 30mins and for only $80! :) nice!
Thanks to , to all the people who came out for a great night Saturday. Hope to play there again really soon.
I look pretty damn good in a suit
Happy Birthday to :)
It's not TV; It's MSNBC!
"Don't let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game." Babe Ruth...So true in life.
DL Hughley was hilarious! Be sure to check out his show at the Improv in Homestead this weekend!
Hi Suzy Q - We love the blog!
Ugh. Some people are so effing rude to It's a SUPPORT page. There is no need for
Why NOT reach for the STARS? To me, they have always seemed close enough to touch!!!
thrilled your show got picked up! Hope it's a hit!
“: Life can only be Iived looking forward, but understood looking backward.”. This is so true!
I don't think you're crazy. You're all good! Trust me I'm a doctor. :)
We will be at the Italian Embassy today passing out info about our May 20 festival #passportdc. Stop by to say hi!
Maria and Derek slayed The Pasa Doble! Congrats on a perfect score!
Good multitasking! ;)
Highly recommend Holly Cole's "Holly Cole" CD is just fantastic. I loved her show at Jazz Alley last year too.
Do you know what cool people are doing right now? They're following GO FOLLOW HER :)
How to deflate an ego -- www.quickgymcs.com Old Quick Gym Proverb. Walk in with barrel chest, walk out with tail between legs.
RT : Now speaking Nat Wood, Assistant Director for Consumer and Business Education, Bureau of Consumer Protection, FTC
dang it. I was totally off twitter whole time.
Panama means "The place of abundant _____". Fill in the blank!
I hope Thibs keep rose & Hamilton in so they cn get thr timing back & the feel of playing w/ each other! Plus their shot!
no ur not..
Hi! Absolutely up for dinner - I'm flexible; whichever night is best for you!
Ensure that your company manuals and guides are readable and engaging for their audiences: ScribeModerne caters to target audiences!
Haha!! Me? Run??? never baby!! But I do Yoga 3-4 times a week and hike....
Only in Holley is there a tanning salon in a barn.
ok, thanks for the info. I might buy like just one then.
RT Where's outcry frm our Politicians when Amcerican citizens are being brutalized for peacefully protesting?
Join us at the Ruidoso Convention Center in Ruidoso, New Mexico for the fourth annual New Mexico Technology in Education conference (NMTIE)!
Like bargain books? & free paletas? Celebrate Cinco de Mayo at a book sale Sat., May 5th, 12-5 p.m. at the Kirk-Bear Canyon Library.
Thank you for listening.
Ha ha
Apparently, 80 yr old Lugar had become "too mellow", not tea party enough. What a shame, only GOP vultures left.
Listening to talk at
I already know how it is, myself personally don't wanna go neither..
A week from today I will be on my much-deserved vacation! Yippee!
This class<<<
#drupal initiative I'm most excited about has been dubbed 'scotch', which happens to be the drink I'm most excited about. cc/
Do you have any wholesale real estate deals?
im eating apple jacks LOL HAHAHAHAHA :) =]
lies girls r generally the two-timing......
Jenkins is pretty cool
#CandyHeartRejects Wanna take some pills and jump in the back seat?
At #digiday conference attending session on cross platform content delivery.
Haha thanks!! And bunghole
One full year I've been supporting. Time flies.
I agree . Lets tweet about solutions !!,
It's just 3 of us.... 6 of them
That's it. I'm playing Fleetwood Mac's "Hypnotized" tomorrow morning on "Say You Want A Revolution." Great song.
Looks like watching will pay off! RT : Spending tonight at 1 of the most haunted places in the US, Lemp Mansion.
James ThomasIll can he rule the great that cannot reach the small
maybe have them work as a nurse for 4hrs?
Ah. Very cool.
She's doing her boyfriends laundry as I bend her over the folding table.
At the #geekslant panel at
If ABBA were a dude instead of 2 girls & 2 dudes I would marry him/it. #abbagoldrocksssss!
Grit and determination made that Seguin goal. Comparable to a hard fought offensive rebound in traffic.
A cat for kat... 😁😁😁 #AintNobodyGotTimeForThat >>RT : lol. I'm getting a kitten Friday.
I died he walk by said, no, I'm dead.
#Facebook Inc kicked off #IPO roadshow in New York, attracting hundreds of investors who formed a snaking line around the block.
OMG! I am such a dork! I totally can't read English and put a simple address on a postcard! OK mate I will re-do and re-send :)
i miss you to.... wait why?
Good morning Chicago...
nahh man. That's "Gucci".
If you get a response shoot me a tweet. Happy to mosey over & attack them for you. Just being neighborly.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
happy birthday crazy girl!
Today is the last day of free drop/add for Winter Session
If you're in Louisville, come out to the pop-up show at 807 E. Market St. Going to be a great time (couch, free beer, cough)
Get "The Magic Trip" on Netflix streaming while you can.. fun, funny, wacky, beatnik, proto-hippy madness!
Waking up to soft music always makes me wake up smiling,.. "Jardin D'Hiver" - Henri Salvador
#FF Thank you! Hope your weekend is filled with creative fun!
Make sure you check out the BBJ's morning update on WBAL each weekday at 5:50am.
"The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. Hard work is the price we must pay for success. I think you can accomplis…
Major stock indexes post biggest gains in over a month. Dow adds 190 points. Nasdaq rises 1.8%, S&P rallies 1.5%
Saw you're headed to the Asia's for a bit? How long is training? I bet is jealous.
I hate being sick -_- I feel horrible
I haven't sent a tweet in so long I thought I might have forgotten how to say anything in 140 characters or less!
Yeah I Was Right Im The Only #mahomie that Doesn't Follow . .________________.
Plan A Plan B
I'd gladly oblige if only Don Mills was a couple of blocks away.
RT : Today's thought: "It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." Henry David Thoreau
i remember back in the day where a simple hey how u doin would get you very far with a girl........................lol
Facebook isn't the only one making changes! Lots to think about, lots to do...
Someone guessed that I am French today.
that is what parenting is about . nurturing your children and providing support for things they enjoy doing.
Haha yes! I do that every time! Thanks for mailing the checks!
I think people have a vague sense that the television system is changing. Michael K. Powell
Oh ok. And I just used grammar.
get yo' calendar out --we must have a date by the end of march!!!
ha ha everyone says that but how has things been for you
Just bought a $700 tux for $30 in Watertown Ma. May go back for another
I need to stop reading books that make me cry.
I mad the Jv cheer team for highschool(: can I get a woot woot?(: lmao
What if somebody banned YOUR marriage, straights? You wouldn't like that, would you?
Is it a crime to have an opinion on what kind of bands we like or don't like ? We're all different. Just saying.
the one day i make a conscious choice to wake up early, the site my online course is on is down for maintenance.
DENVER!!!!! Got dammit
so true. I still wonder how Netflix and RedBox even make money at it.
getting ready to take a major leap in my personal& professional life this summer,and I wanna know if the universe agrees with it
Good morning :) on my way to school:(
Win or loss today for the Cubs, your focus should be on the Bulls
Randy Bass: SoTL is "slow analytics"
Can not Keep the New "SNOCLOTHING" American Rebel's T-Shirt's in Stock. Next Shipment March 2012 Orders yours...www.SNOCLOTHING.com
You're not Harry, Liam, Louis, Niall or Zayn
A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime
UP Your Brothers
would you dare to believe, that you still have a reason to sing? the pain that you've been feeling cannot compare to the joy that's coming
wow! looks great. And there IS a discarded door dumped behind my house. Me thinks I'll snatch that up & make a table, too.
6th inning is starting to feel like the prototypical Narveson collapse
just wrapped up a very staff productive meeting.
If you build it, they will come.
If you know artists in the hurricane's aftermath - send support, love, and dry weather.
Those of you in DC, tune into NPR WAMU 88.5 at 2 PM to hear about 's venture Reaction Strategy Group!
nice point!
People will take advantage of you when they know your weakness!!
Beer pouring, spitting, court storming, disrespectful. Listen to todays hour 1 of KSR on iTunes. Explains the situation.
Win contests, win items, keep or sell: get a junk email account, search contests, sign up, win something eventually! Publishers Clearing,etc
Freaks love to deep throat, WHOOP.
thanks for doing the signing! She's so excited. And the book looks fantastic.
Build your own Mac and Cheese tonight!! Tons of toppings to choose from.. You decide!!
C'mon we want more #delena scenes! & what r u thinking about? :( #TVDFamily #wearesad #stelena or
RT : Okay can the NFL Owners & Players Stop Watching CNN Coverage of #CaseyAnthony Trial and end the Lockout!!!!!!
I'm too old and havin all this hair is too much maintenance, time to cut this shit off ✂✌
Dont forget november 24 will be live in concert inside makin plans now to be there....
Preparing for workout. Arms day. And cardio!!!
I'm going to miss u and and twitter less Carlos!! Don't forget about my rock!! Ahaha
Dear , let me be an intern. I'll make all your dreams come true (if your dreams involve having an amazing intern).
How is that place? I haven't had the chance to get there yet.
Simply tweets the name of your website. *gets 50+ retweets*
I been thinking,I think its time that we think about it..
Bummer afternoon. I'm going for a long run.
#FF passionate man, even more passionate about the Orioles!
thanks boo!
is really getting excited about getting married in Hawaii next July!
I think my day was taking forever because it was a short day.
Ryan O'Neal again? A new book? Is anyone really interested in this self-serving train wreck drama queen?
Always saw Denise Richards as #goddess. Bree Olson, not so much.
Congratulations! That's so cool, can't wait for updates!
I dont know why people say its hard to get 1,000 tweets.... I get 100 within an hour..
you eat too dang early! LOL
Malnourished.. Need some sanitary fruits, veggies, calcium, etc. Not this garbage corned beef hash MREs w' gravy.
Why do men need to be praised for anything they do around the house? Jamie changed bulbs and you'd think he delivered my babies blindfolded.
Ouch!!! Justin is the lucky charm! ughh sad for Cotto:(
Getting some writing done. Future-living-spot secured. Notice of back tax bill protest mostly accepted-amount owed now $150 not $6K
“Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.” (Laurel Sheck) Yup I am never going back to that day.
When speaking to a group, instead of thinking of the them as a whole, imagine that you're having individual conversations with one person.
Someone walked passed me & they were smiling to them self & it made me smile even more lol :)
truth dont mean nothing unless the person you talking to understand..know dat
sorry dear - a bit of moz as binding agent, also have lettuce wraps. full ingredients always available at the counter :)
Bonnies defense is suffocating. A-10 hoops is always great and great coaching. That being said FSU going to kill my bracket.
Google AdWords and the Advertising Display Network - WebProNews
But but miz that's nice right? right?
staying home to studying for ap euro all day >>>>
For the right price, it could be...but good luck cashing a 1.5' x 4' check!
Thanks for the RT! Love your blog. In many ways it Inspired me to write abt this topic.
don't mention it, hope yours is great as well! :)
thanks. It's THIS commerical and THIS feature and THAT music video.
roc please text me back.......(i love you roc) please
What else do we not see, because we are unaware?
Tell me what you eat, I'll tell you who you are.
- who knows what you did bringing kimberly along in that mini skirt..she loves that shit..cherish, get down on it
Fun Fact of the Day: Dragonflies are one of the fastest insects, flying 50 to 60 mph!
My #fridayreads is The Windup Girl by Paolo Bacigalupi. Heartily recommended for anyone who liked Oryx and Crake
out of all y'all I liked and loved him longer 6TH GRADE HOE
So #Royals in the crapper tonight but The Rock is on tv. Cage and Connery is all you need.
ok I'll unfollow n block some folks tonight. I'm too happy right now deal with drama.
#milwaukee It is a madhouse here at A. Fillinger Inc today! Keep it coming everyone, we appreciate the business we are very
So Nervous For My Final Tomorrow. Blah.
Accident right in front of me. Be careful out there
Excellent panel last night! Huge #shoutout to - Thank u 4 the knowledge!
RT #Taurus have amazing imaginative ideas.
I think that will work! Let's touch base tomorrow where we should meet.
did you know baba ghanouj is fairly high in fiber? About 5 g per 2 oz serving.
Happy gay day!
Mouthwatering specials this wknd! Baked Oysters w.pork & collards & Herb Crusted NC Flounder w.red peas & shrooms. Get on it doggon it!
Excited to meet Shirley Mclaine today!!!
I think the world needs more funny advertising.
Good morning ☀RT : Morning all ☀☀☀
Getting a little tired of broken doors/locks in McK. Today's arrangement: stairwell, staff lounge. At least the office door works this time.
One of the most surprising #Idol eliminations ever!
who doesn't love his eyes :)
Wait she changed her twitter handle plz follow
Started watching the UK version of The Voice. It's actually pretty good!
he can get to the rim often sure, but he still has to know down jumpshots at at least the rate Westbrook does.
So upset I couldn't see at the Hollywood Bowl tonight /:
Random thought - any future children I have are at risk of being named after people/gods in mythology or Shakespeare's characters...
If you had a moment in time you could re-live, What would it be. I would like to use the answers in an article, but no names.
Whoa Jermaine Paul you just gave me chills!
I apologize in advance for not focusing in class today.
Support local events
Woot-ever does it mean?
Lebron, this is what you get for your stupid mouthguard.
YWCA Empowering Women Luncheon drew a record crowd Wednesday. Were you one for the 1,600 who attended?
It's crazy how fast studying for midterms turns into online shopping for summer clothes.
At the hospital.
I'd have to say yes, you do!!! RT #Random Do people really think I hate LeBron ?????????
Time with family priceless !!!!
happy mothers day mommy <3
overall allowance for more refugees and migrants, and recognition of illegals' place in the American workforce.
He said it! "The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul." - Bach
loving that peacock painting!
momma there go that monsta
hope you ladies had your good omen because I know I will. I will be there so expect another W.
hey epic eric! Follow back please? :D
Thank you
Always so gracious! RT : Today is my Friday. Suck it, losers.
Lennon...The Beatles!
Who said? Who said not perfect Who said not your not worth it Who said you ARE Beautiful :) Who said!!
MWP w/ the D on KD and the resurrection of MVSteve aka the Sperm, #Lakers cruise to the finals
Somewhere out there might be a girl who finds Disney references endearing, a girl worth fighting for.
I swear people just know how to ruin my day.. Mood right nw -
Success of Self-Service Business Intelligence is a myth propagated by BI vendors in an effort to sell more software
Fuck'em all we got this!!! RT : I feel sorry fa myself n da otha single mothers dat gota do it on their own
BRUNCH, BRUNCH, BLOODIES, BRUNCH, BLOODIES... FUN till 4pm
Did advertising gor years....We always called it "logo-itis.". LOL Have a great day!
Senior party tomorrow night at my place! Bring money for booze and other narcotics. :)
im sorry :(
I just need to be alone wit my thoughts for a while ....
Awww, thanks for the smarty pants shout out, and I'm glad (and not surprised) you didn't click that bad link.
Love you too miss you up here in columbus!
our new EP is free to download for about 8 more hours on our Bandcamp page. interstates.bandcamp.com
Project due tomorrow,test, and quiz in first 3 periods
Oh, you have a really loud exhaust? You're 1990 Honda must be so fast.....
Stop saying shit about Louis, Thomas and Jason. They're amazing! And you call yourself an ICONiac? OH PLEASE.
Just did week 2, day 2 of #c25k with !
RT : Walking through school thinking: *I'd fuck you, you, oh you too. Definitely you! Hell no not you! Eww you either....
Happy National Best Friend's Day!!! Love you guys. :)
Whats good home slice
haha we would probably make it to world dumbest criminals with that
11? So dope. Have a great weekend.
If jordan's so crazy about horses he coulda had one in Indiana, not so sure about L.A.!
you could have ended @ "American Idol you depress me" much better statement for me.
:-) just lock your bathroom door, the mental image of confusing you with Janet Leigh is scary enough...
Enjoyed 's morning lecture Looking forward to #UMBCsocial sessions this afternoon!
laying out all day and not getting tan <<<<<
Heads up, 's #FoodRevolution season 2 is back tonight, kicking off with the first two eps, 8p-10p on ABC!
Hot tub time :D
yea me too....but i was one earlier when he was on!!!!!!!
I really need some sweaters (cc: ).
that is super exciting to see your hard work pay off!!! I'm looking forward to the next event :)
Katy Perry sings what girls wanna do. Taylor Swift sings what a girl wants to say. And One Direction sings what a girl wants to hear.
damn, i need to get on this more...whats new on here? :)
Insults are the last resort of insecure people with a crumbling position trying to appear confident.
oh boy.Can u imagine? Twitter folk don't play! There may be a walker-like protest.
Bad boys aint no good Good boys aint no fun Lord knows that I should Run off with the right one
i'm glad you are 2 :D well what are you doing ? :)
Austin, Texas Among World's Most Intelligent Cities j.mp/A1udFl
Llet's think #SPRING..Spring term classes start Feb. 27th! Scotland and Ireland in March..Call #OAA today for more information. 800.734.5601
Issue 8 of The Sentinel done. Good production weekend, pick up the new paper tomorrow or check us out online: www.nicsentinel.com
That's OK! We can adjust
Not much left in WAC to invite, except perhaps Idaho.
Good day!!
oh shit. who wants to go to beerfest in ohio
why you no text me ?
Top-of-the-Week: Magically Transform Mineral Makeup Every week, mystyle staffers, readers, experts and stars offer fashion, beauty and li
Life is giving me lemons. I'm squeezin' y'all.
you don't have to show your face in it, the link in my bio explains. If you have any questions just ask me :)
Your guyses music makes my day! Cant wait to see you in concert :))
The security was BS tonight, but stuck up for those of us who wanted to stand. I had a blast! Thank you, David & crew!
Dropped a dumpster @ Memorial City today. Headed to downtown Houston to pick up the dumpster we delivered yesterday! Do you need a dumpster?
I do suspect the person in that photo is not the one posting the comments.
whew! It did go fast...now let's not let our Klout scores drop over the next few weeks!
Slightly overweight torch carrier-but he did resist as he passed pork pie shop!success!
Singing @ Manhattan Proper in Queens Ny
You are on way to much if you double tap #Facebook pics to like them and wonder why it doesn't work.
Speaking of art, we're trying to figure out how to go to Art Basel while we're there. :-)
Pizza time. Deelicious.
I wuv my job
THX buddy for your kind words, loving our mission to CONNECT this cancer world & helping spread the good word- keep well bro! :)
Be sure to catch us live on Good Day Fox 4 on Feb 23rd starting at 8:40 am!
you got this (if you presented already, you got it!)
Don't debate trolls in forums. Remember: Human approach.
I'm interested in starting a public radio show with a large audience. Not BlogTalk radio. I need guidance.
11 Famous Writers rejections... just goes to show how much they know. The Oracle fell a long time ago, it would seem. :)
awwwwh, never RT-ed my tweet yet ): oh well, he'll see it eventually :)
Drunken shrimp isn't live shrimp. But yeah. That course would piss me off. Hipster of food "courses".
Awake at night you focus,
Easter used to be so much fun .. When I believed in the Easter bunny 
happy friday-Thanks for the follow-love reading your info!
Waiting for the bus with
I wonder what it feels like to drive a Segway
Foggy Saturday morning
those are a rare breed these days
Advertising: At Electronics Show, Some Surprising Nonelectronic Entrants - Advertising
...filling their gender NORM. Gender policing. Where's the knowledge & teaching of that to kids? #Homophobia #Root of
Omg! Fat Joe aint even fat no more.... Now he just an
not sure but they will probably put it on the announcements when tryouts start
FACT: Interview was supposed to be in February. It's April now. You gave me a choice. I made it. Now you back out?
At work getting buck
Audio from the 12/23 show at the Grog Shop coming soon... along with video as well!
Appears I lost my check from the market. Had it earlier when I was looking it over w/the mgr. Went back/retraced my steps. Can't find it.
lol up & not goin to sleep no time soon! Wyd?
Is at #sdmnomothersday at bliss 101!
Bin Laden is dead, GM is alive.
gotta get off here and go cut my grass later yall
RT : What would it take to be the best in the world where God has placed u? Would u need to do more, read more, have a better...
Ah. RT Having the courage to challenge what you are sure is true is the beginning of growth.
Tennis legend John McEnroe in DC this Tuesday playing at Kastles stadium
my kidney hurts.
“: I just got to peek at two prototypes for our new Cookie Box line - BEYOND fabulous!” O!
#Newyear new hopes, let's make 2012 the best !
RIP Bob Brookmeyer! I will always love playing your charts.
good morning ❤
#IfItWasntForTwitter my #lawschool paper would be complete
you should date girls because they are sweet, or a kind-hearted person, not because they has huge boobs or a nice ass!
Just got 37 mpgs this last fill up. That's what's up.
Someone who can take your breath away an make you feel like a princess is worth keeping around :)
Cranky mood >.<
Tranquil Space Arlington is warm and open for all classes tonight. Our apologies for having to cancel the noon class!
Last Friday night I danced on table tops.
Heading to so I can beg my husband to let me buy things. Hopefully its not too hot in there.
Where's the new music at? 😁
t mills is great
Childhood is the most beautiful of all life's seasons. ~Author Unknown
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking – “Fifth, Think about your love for and desire to help the audience.”
The year is 25% over. Time to check in: how are you doing on your goals? Milestones for the next 3 months? Evaluate, assess, plan, act.
Well, it's what I would wear with it too. Except today apparently it's navy, navy, and brown.
I have a feeling this summer is gonna badasss.
If you kick my train again, I will leave you on the platform with that mandolin player for all of eternity.
great reads across various national, regional articles as they pertain to food and food services!
We'll get right on it. Any special way you would like it cut?
For some reason I missed your monitor arm question yesterday. Did you see my answer?
hahahah everyone was sleeping
Im sitting at lunch by myself cause all my friends switched lunches...cool
Rip Amy whinehouse I never liked ur music to be honest but srry u died
Wishing everyone a very merry Christmas!
Are you ok? I've been trying to reach you and haven't heard from you. Getting worried. :(
Boy you got just what I want ♥
You coming out with us tomorrow afternoon? Dilly's B-day extravaganza?
haha I love it man. Sorry I didn't thank you before.
It needs to sit for a month before it will start tasting good. I'll let you know!
that was right by my house
this weekends gonna be great! gonna give you guys a little something(;
Need to get out of this death trap
lmao at that one time you said Adele would give great head! :D
So fun to watch #OKC absolutely throttle the
I know :( We have to discuss tomorrow!!! I'm watching it later tonight
can you please tell me how in God's name you have LaQuan Williams ranked ahead of Torrey Smith?
Thank you Mr. Chung!!!!
Yo Tom Hunsicker I bet u not whining about your Caps now
strange would promote in twitter then limit to logged in users. Would make sense for them 2 have 404 to promote joining.
Happy Birthday & happy kindness day! Sorry I missed you at The Empress
Prong - It's Been Decided
Hi Alison,Thank you for the great messages,a wonderful way of starting the day.Namaste!!
One Social Process theory is Differential Association: crime is learned.
Ice cream adventure with the fam!
definitely #firstworldproblem - just didn't have enough letters to add the hashtag ;-)
Hilary Rosen, like all CNN contributors, is not a paid advisor to any political party or presidential campaign.
Come see us this weekend at the Addison Wellness Expo at the Addison Convention Center on Saturday & Sunday from 11 AM-6 PM.
thanks for the #Gatsby shout out!
Kinda glorious on the Square and on State St. People are dining outdoors...in down vests.
I've been thinking that myself, lately, as well.
