Locked out of my house.. praying Jake has my key. HURRY UP JAKE.
#latin quote of the day - Non ut edam vivo, sed ut vivam edo. "I do not live to eat, but I eat to live."
Who was that Tim Brody guy throwing the football around?
Damn! with the nice footwork on #raptors Ed Davis. 3 diff camera angles, all 3 sweet.
"See, Barack's been talking down to black people on this faith-based...I want to cut his nuts off."
WED Dinner Salad Special:Mixed Baby Greens in Basil Mint Vinaigrette w/Sonoma Goat Toasts, Sliced Salmon Gravlox, Toasted Pepitos
Thanks but no thanks for your misinformation. That is not President #Obama's true budget. Check the fact before tweeting!
Thanks! We are pumped to get the rest of the songs out to you as well. Spread this tune around! AMAZING!
#astd10 top down change leads to greater resistence
dude is most definitely a lady
Preparing Twitter for the 2010 holiday lighting season!
Ryan is in the same boat!
We love Cat Valentine
The greatest thing I heard a woman say was.. Tonight your getting lucky and I will pay for my half of dinner.
Thanks for the mentions and retweets!
I will be there!! RT : Great music, yummy food! Check out at Fri. 9-11 p.m. $7 well spent.
I was thinking shot copping that colorway after watching him run in em. I cant get behind this whole gitd phase everyone is on
yes! i vote for a thunderstorm.
SUPER BOWL SUNDAY is near...Bring your gang, smack-talk, and appetite and enjoy 9$ bucket of domestic beers all day!
. Hope you guys can make it into . in #Brookhaven soon. We r new 2 #Atlanta selling eco-friendly infant product
Pancakes or waffles?
#fashionforpaws meetings... woof
Boyfriend Video Made Us Wet ? It makes me cringe knowing a lot of the Bieber fans are quite young..
Lol great answer!! Please send your #wine labels to labels .com to enter our Free contest !!!
or not, depending on what you want. Does fabulous have a score?
"Work followed by holic like gin chased w/ tonic."
RT : Tweet Tweet Tweet... Dis is Madea... <<< bout time made gets a twitter... this is gonna be fun! Lol
+1 RT : in any event, I'm enjoying you 2 rocking the boat of the 4 person twitter feed for
I know I think the Haters get huge chubbies when that is the only way they get on air
What is your favorite dairy milk substitute? Rice milk? Soy? Almond? Coconut?
Agree Michelle :) Don is alllrrriiight :)
's community bldg (asking questions, fill in the blank) & raising awareness of partnership wins interaction pts
great idea => MT : #NASCAR first-Farmers Insurance features #Farmers5 h-tag on bumper of Kasey Kahne's Chev in the nxt 2 races
im sleepy lol
you must give it try..
the Madison buzz follows me. I knew you'd be proud. :)!
If you were to perform in the circus, what would you do?
Bebee girl call me..idk your number..
Is this Elijah Wood's first #Oscar?
haha you are so flattering !
The start to another amazing week. Great lunch of hotdogs, chips, and strawberry milk. So so good!
It's nasty when girls MY age say "I WANT YOU IN MY PANTS blahblahblah" You're under 18, seriously.
Blake Griffin has a monstrous game against the Clippers with 47 pts and 14 rebs; first rookie since MJ to do that
I'm back in Vegas March 11th
can't believe I woke up to 400 followers! Incredible!!!!
pulled out his chrome 45 talked some shit and wound up dead
I had that beer! It was delicious :)
If he makes you sandwiches.
TV, bring back "Jem"!
Just bro'd down real quick with Curt Morgan of Nicest. Dude. EVER. Not a bad filmmaker either =)
lol fine then, whatever works best for you!
On my way to #iipc12 with Just boarded in ABQ
Dude NWSA - see you there! :) Drinks, let's get some.
I'm glad:-) I always find such inspiration and lift here..I'm glad that I was able to share some with you. Have an awesome day!
After a long day at the office, I finally get to walk home and see my beautiful iPa... I mean wife!
could you open it? and read it?
sla2011 tarot readings leadership booth
tweet me. online.
oh good because I just wiped down my arms & pits with them
And now James Purdon on Pylon Modernism.
1,2 bitch what it do.
Some Phil's BBQ with Deathwish V. Excellent night so far =]
Wow. You must be really dedicated to the walk. :-) I need the bribe of an expensive java as reward.
Where will it end?
we did for new clients it worked great client loved it they could see what we were inputing in the computer -we do bankruptcy
I wish everyone could witness this woman trying to shove her oversized luggage into the overhead compartment.
it's nice to be missed. I've been busy with work and then hiding the rest of the time that I'm rarely on twitter.
are these lightning bolts really singing superstition to them while they're inside a cage what a perfect date
just tryin to stay afloat
Glad to hear that the industry is growing up. Thanks for the update!
Want to volunteer abroad?! Come by #TeenLifeLIVE NYC this Sunday to see what sponsor can do for you!
Pizza and coffee for breakfast. Why do I do this?
I'm 57 and I loved The Graveyard Book.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
who mad u blast'em lil buddy?
your welcome!! I love you too!!(:
But our friends are back, So let's raise a toast
#Knicks just let Miami get momentum going into the half. We have to get it back in the 3rd quarter!
#mistakes are bound to happen. Ultimately, how you deal with them is what really counts!
We're in #Florida for the 2011 National Humanities Conference!
Staying in DC for the 4th, but making my escape to Cape Cod the week following. 'Bout time for some sun and sea, and lobster!
‎#Humility. Noun: A modest or low view of one's own importance; humbleness.
I knew shouldn't trusted you...I never make that mistake again ...
I definitely need to start wearing more buttons.
But I have enough artifacts of print history around that his collections would make me look like a hoarder.
Homecoming! i look great! (what other ppl say)
ur tweets are like when all the jets beat writers tweet the exact same thing one minute apart.
A movie we did FX for #Absentia got a nice write-up in #Fangoria issue number 311.
Great job Congratulations! Awesome tournament. Thanks for hosting.
right?! Like where are you in my life?! Demi, Cher, One Direction. Jesus. Who else do you like?
Kelly Ripa.... Whoooohoooo! One Hot Mama!!!! Yeah Baby!!!
RT : MidWest Living wants to know who has the BEST PIZZA in the Midwest. What’s your favorite pizza place in #Ohio?
These people on this damn train are throwed off
i will kick you in the dick, for threatening to steal RT Oh REALLY? Don't Bring That iPhone Outside Then...
Need to relax 💤
This was a fun weekend!
j dawg has a problem
Orel. Vinny was back in the booth today! What a treat!!!
I meant shes in my class...sry waznt tryna creep ya out
Okay #Bears do us right. please
Enjoyed a fun long weekend at Casa de SamBub with the gang. Especially and her chickens and and his shenanigans.
Ok. Big Inhale :D You are right. I am not givin up. There was just a bad ambiance in that game. Gotta Pounce tomorrow :-)
Be open to the here and now so you can see the beauty all around you and let it show you to your Highest Self
m hm la cancion te calento LMFAOOOOOOO :P i`m just messing
Ghetto girld got there income tax now dey know dey baby need some clothes and dey tryn to buy a michael kors purse lmao 😱
Phoenix Suns Win Game 4. Go Suns!!
Twitter is my savior during school hours.
you guys are weird
3 wrecks this morning?? Is it due to TWD? Tweeting while driving?
“: Happy Bday”thanks
Good morning twitter ;)
RT : Bayer Naked ladies #SantorumsFavoriteBand // also a joke, just 59.99 yrs younger than Foster's
Justice League Unlimited. Final episode. Superman. "World of cardboard."
Wade looked so hott out there tonight
Thats what we get for laughin at boston cuz there closer went down
If an ocean lies between us, I'll send a message across the see.
Yeah, it got lost a bit in Matusz's struggles last year, but the difference btwn Britton's 1st & 2nd halves was pretty wild.
Call and make an appointment to change your oil, it will lengthen the life of your engine.
Hi Bernie! #Nimble fan?
When your depressed it's only Wednesday.... But then you watch Jenna marbles and it's no longer Wednesday. ITS SEXUAL WEDNESDAY.
Passed my 100th tweet and didn't even realize it. Hmm. It's getting bad.
his new song is comin on at 9:10 !
YO Lil B! Hundreds of users over at want you to do an AMA (Interview of sorts) check it out man, tons of fans!
Oh I'm late to class, please stare at me like I killed 5 people
at Liv in South Beach... And not a gay in sight :-(
good read Paul
Shit will be talked about me, rumors will be spread, I just gotta ignore it
Nobody BBQs like the residents of Judkins Park! My hood is bumpin! Seattlites see the sun, and they flock to the nearest park to eat meat!
Picked up my books and the answer keys for my first class: Intro to IT, which I'll be teaching, Fall Semester, 2011.
was insane tonight on the show! How does she not realize how wrong she is? #teammelissa all day!
You should be "thrilled". Wonderful write up, you "online marketing shaman" you. Congrats!
Powering through hour 10 of workday on 4 hours of sleep. Gettin loopy.
Made it to my 930 after we just won the national championship
What's it like 'round the ol' celestial water cooler when Jesus & the Holy Ghost dish on the GOP? "TIME TO PRAY" my latest for LV CityLife.
Can't stand you
Pearl taking you out for BBQ?
Folks, blaming HBO for theft is the most vacuous type of justification. You are not entitled to their content however much you want it.
Just met Michael McDonald. Pretty cool to see one of my heroes keeping it together and staying sharp.
So, Shannon was wrong? ("Information can't be quantified")
Fans need to rise up RT the saddest part of realignment, sacrificing everything the fans enjoy for that extra few million.
The #1%ters taking their money out of the market now so it goes down & #obama looks bad before election, #gop will do what they can to win
Sen. Tom duane says "albany is play to pay."
you should change your tagline to
oh I agree, sure let's look at other options just not ones that are 14k a year. HIV/AIDS patients have a hard time getting meds
Who's enjoying the open bar right now ? It's going on till 3pm!
I love brunch, the delicious breakfast food and the option for champagne before noon
Just favorited my first tweet:)
no way! We must hang out! :D
love Mood! Love your wedding! Can't wait to see that gown!
Hello, Albuquerque, NM! Proud to be offering graphic design and marketing solutions for your company or organization.
It was a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day
was that the reference you were making? or just some cosmic shit?
hell yeah man ...I love that place
On my way to go record vocals!
RT : Much respect for Kerry Wood. A true
Rushing around the NCR like a chicken with its head cut off...
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who disrespects the teacher & doesn't get in trouble but if you say "no" wrong to the teacher, you're suspended. -_-
Report: Minn. soldier killed on duty in Afghanistan
I am hoping that PROMETHEUS plays at the Bob Bullock, but they haven't confirmed it yet.
Thank, you're welcome, and You too!
Holy crap, it's like The Artist, Part II! ;P
Brrrr...it's been a little too cold lately. How about some Freeplay in the showroom tomorrow to warm the kids up?!
if im not feeling you, then that's it. I can't force my feelings for anyone
Hey ally, I tweeted that link too, amazing!
Wit his straw
Hi Monster
#2010memories the internet simultaneously made things more and less interesting
Yes! Entrepreneurship in a Noisy World
did you know there is an atheist convention?
Its so hot in here
Your article in 's #PRdaily was a perfect combination of wit, humor and helpfulness!
Just bought the best Mother's Day gift for ! Be jealous , and !
How are you ringing in #2012 !? This new year let your light shine and everyday put something good into the world
Just want you to be smarter, Bode!
Time to get ready for school. Sure wish I was getting ready to do another show! I can't wait for the next
Xmas came early today! All im sayin is wen u c me n my supa fly SMU gear, NO I CANT HOOK U UP :-) !!!
okay then its not just me! I just tried getting on it and all it keeps saying is redirecting!
in Soviet Russia, Internet KICK you!
Rihanna's association with the Illuminati makes her responsible for the ascendancy of GWB, the 9/11 inside job, and Kardashian's.
The Spurs lead 66-60 with 5:07 left in the third quarter. Tim Duncan has 17 points. Danny Green is warming up and has 9 points.
Mine and 's 11:11 WISH IS TO HAVE YOU FOLLOWING US
CAN U PLZ PLZ FOLLOW ME IM A BIG BIG BIG FAN OF BIG TIME RUSH AND U
are you the real JS? Did you receive the email w the pics from last Monday?
Thanks, Penny!
New sermon "Grace Anatomy" now available on Reconnection app. If you haven't got the app get it. Search app store "Reconnection Youth"
RT : It's a kinda morning. Who's up for breakfast at the spot. If u late for work, you can't be late twice, right?
RT : I'm thinking about getting a computer, see what all the fuss is about.
I was abused by teachers and I have a fairly high IQ. One teacher tried to fuck me and another did fuck my GF. Go USA!
The hangover part 2 #hilarious & #awesome !!!!!!
#1DAsianTour every directioner should have a chance to meet the boys(: hope that day will come soon for me!
Would've been funny if they'd called it Vega$ to be clever, only to find out that name had already been used
let me know how it goes!!!
Should you be in the market for a new vehicle this holiday season. Hit the youtubes and type in The Marauder - Top Gear - BBC
Anyone else think that the Google Doodle icon looks like a dead rat?
I'm waiting for the iPad subscription. No more paper subscriptions in our house.
lol oh wow
An accidental yet propitious homage to you and
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
coolio! sent me a picture of that wall in Pgh recently, too!
BrainyQuote wrote: To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides. - David Viscott
I know right? So so lovely.
"Having a bad day? hold your hand over your heart. Feel that? That beating? That's called purpose. You're alive for a reason ♥"
Yes - I think it's an extremely fascinating text, and one that I find myself referring to quite often (esp. Matsumoto's essay).
how do i dowload pict from my pc to my twitter
Hope I get this lil Job. That would be coo
Getting pumped for Cinco de Mayo tomorrow? What do you rock out to at the gym?
my favorite hockey team lost. it's not the end of the world or anything
#Vibrato is an informal dance between air and tone. The hand of #breathing strokes the #voice. #singing #opera #classicalvoice # music
Thanks for reporting from the party !!! You are the BEST !!
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 16
I miss the Jonas Brothers...
Good luck Michael, if only we could have you when you were a lot younger, thanks for the memories..
Point being he sees himself as weak?
BJ Coleman: QB&#39;s Relationship with Brett Favre Should Excite Packers Fans
anyone wanna do something?!
What an awesome year! Merry Christmas everyone.
same! RT : I'm a new type of busy, so if I owe you something, it's coming and I'm sorry.
Being a very public and unfiltered forum is what makes Twitter horrible/awesome at times.
*you're
Thanks for the 30 Book Awards list, really useful!
~ got damaged goods. Dr. never signed off on him in Philly! Madson is a fraud U and should write about it
is next on 750-AM... 5:03 p.m. or so. Be there.
they were really good, glad I went!
Poor , she actually went with the plan 😳 LOOOL
The # of articles in tech/advocacy mags about is directly correlated with the # of male friends now following me on
can anyone explain to me the love affair austinites have with the leaf blower?
I can't really help you with this over Twitter; create a new thread on DTC and try to capture what's being sent to Twitter
still grinding and growing.
So i just walked past my moms room and heard her boyfriend say "I wish my dick was that big." Um okay.
Nyggahz is making me laugh right now
Are we really talking about dog sex? I feel sorry for our followers lol
Dinner tonight with my tandem :) I love Saturdays!
THANKYOU SO MUCH FOR DOING THE #AUSTREAM PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD!<3
stuffing envelopes. anyone need a press copy of Remaindermen's Border States Album?
Not as tired as usual.. That's unusual for a Friday morning when I have school! :)
sucks. Republicans from Florida are super weak who cares if he's latino
Feeling pretty bad right now. Can't even sleep. Desperately awaiting this so called breakthrough thatz supposed to be coming.
Bieber to turn on Christmas lights - The Press Association LondonNet Bieber to turn on Christmas lights The Press Association Justin Bieb
I just learned today that there is A baseball team actually named the Albuquerque Isotopes. The Simpsons are an unstoppable force.
There's more room for moving up, when you're at your lowest........Take the room, and move up....
could not agree more... YPs and ROC City Rising a true value to the Rochester community #ROC with Maggie Brooks
Tired of ppl asking you if you love riding camels? Help me and fund #TheBeirutProject!
I can't believe the bus was early...now I don't know where2go haha
"This definitely rates about a 9.0 on my weird-shit-o-meter."
Soon to be a published writer :)
carry on with your hilarious jokes than....sorry. ;)
Just saw a promo for #HBO's #newsroom. It looks interesting & think I'll have to watch.
SEE YA SOON!
favorite day of the week :D
yes they do. Just think if Sony didn't own the rights to spiderman he'd be in the avengers film. That's what people wanted to see
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 18
Side note for today: I'm NOT drinking.
#home remodeling Thanks for the mention. Gregg Cantor
why doesnt she want u to?
What a cunt
#IDBmtg Henrique Meirelles, ex Brazil Central Bank prez, opts to speak in English instead of "Portunol" at IDB seminar
you just got taken to school @ #BallSoHardUniversity meet your teacher
oomf always retweets this boy I don't fucking like & unfollowed a long fucking time ago.
Los Angeles :-)
Ugh. My plan is ruined...
#R.I.P Charles your not alone.
- sure!! What's team awesome!!
My brother just told me I have fluff all over my face
YES! goodluck premature tweeting works again! all booked up to fly to Nashville for 2 nights of Jack White and the Alabama Shakes!
Full time, in house job. Can't be outsourced.
English and German, my French is like Swiss cheese! :-/
u took so long writing that jajjaaaa
wasn't just got hurt in spring training
Before I go to bed I want to wish Robert Pattinson a incredible 26th Birthday! I hope it was special spunk ransom!
just in case you see bear at the glacier (which is common) you want to be able to RUN. ;)
I am okay with chopping it 3 ways as long as we each contribute the same amount and I get manage the money/investments
for sure he's been here since 2pm. Regardless, it's a cinco shit show and we wish you were here!
God damn mongorians break my shitty wall!!!
Fall reminder-Make sure you check your gutters for a build up of leaves before winter sets in.
Thank you!
I knew that lol
ya I feel you. I work and go to school so time to play is little.
haha yes! It was hilarious! :)
Can you guys play "I'm Not A Gangsta" by on the air!?!? That song is hot!
Which is better being too emotional or too rational?
god morning!!!!!
I forgot I followed just made my day. That's all. Really, that's it
right with you.
Really well done and cool product wish you the best from DemoPit! RT : wow. thanks for all the love everyone!
I am spending the night at (insert girlfriends name) tonight.
Thanks for the RT Know any #Albuquerque Public Schools that need some fundraising help? ...
O'Connor water park is open!
Saturday March 3rd, Woodfish @ The Lucky Seven (The old 7 Days Bar / Whipping Post in Union Beach, NJ)
; but I told him I was napping but yet he texted me a BUNCH
The lifetime value of the customer is more important than the current value of the sale. Bob "The Teacher" Jenkins
Mess of the
yeah that's a good one. Last year it was something, but i couldn't remember if it was #nbtwd or #btwd or what.
Backroads...check....walmart parking lot...check....I'm one el jimador's trip away from being done with bardstown.
In "History Museums Are Not Art Museums: Discuss"
Obeying God isn't always easy.
true beauty is how big your heart is.
Even Thoo His Chick A Hoee .
Ha! Well thank you, my dear :)
Wine Social tonight! Check out the events calendar at www.ghartwalk.com and come see all the Art around town!
...and #carmeltweetup Nice to meet all of you!
Gotta run tonight....Thanks to all of you nothing makes my thursday nights shine like you
should i use polyvore in my story?(:
Brother, you have the one liners tonight. Frikkin awesome!
please follow she is you biggest fan!12
I just saw that the audience was handpicked by nbc to avoid the hooting and hollering. That's why they're so tame.
Any commercials or sponsors coming for you that you can talk about?
Because I can't make fun of tards. MY BAD lololol
I love the smell of rain in the Spring
RT 7.2 #earthquake is the most powerful to hit #Turkey in over a decade, & equal to the one that struck Haiti in 2010.
": Need Prices On Cutlines Or Bottles Dm Me! #Next2Naked [[Mansion Party]]"
RETWEET if you remember and LOVED<3 the game Bop-It!!
It's one of my faves. :0)
okay love :)
Is Sarah McLachlan singing about Hawai'i? Enya singing about a Chia Pet?
How many people can say " I get paid everyday, and everyone in my organization does too! www.travel.zeekrewards.com
Trying to add new recipes to my rotation. Today I made a kale and red cabbage salad. I know not too exciting. I'll try harder next time.
A big GenX group hug today. Our culture is a blender and Adam Yauch was part of what whirrled us together.
that sounds awesome!
Avatar. Not gonna show that to the troops. Pretty state of the art with compelling story about the heart of military behavior.
please follow me i had to make a new twitter :)
If I wasn't at the stadium to see his playoff triple that took 14 seconds, I would have sworn it was special effects.
OMG FOLLOWED ME! :D
No. Do you want it if it's still there tomorrow?
they refuse to use TMZ as a source
where have you been? The twins miss you!
Reference at 140 characters or less? Sometimes it can work. Weber.
What should i have for lunch?
READ MORE!
again if we were having this discussion, u would have been against Miller Park correct? How many winning seasons in 80s & 90s?
Choosing wine over a night in Capen. Best decision I've made all semester.
“Tomorrow :) : hi, when's your backstage interview with Kristen gonna be released? always love those :))”
You know what, I love the fact that Directioners & Beliebers are on the same side.. It's two of the biggest fanbases coming together<3 x
Agreed! RT : whoa. adam looks CUTE in a black tshirt.
Cheers me ol mucker. I'll just be happy with any European footie considering where we were exactly 3 yrs ago :)
Please don't stop the music :)
Goin to Texas Soon to meet with some BIG Wigs?
Idk I just am, hahah today was a good day!
First I need to find my bio freeze
love ya too :) xoxo
Most certainly. That's what I do well. Not my call, however. Cheers.
first xmas card of the season. 'from your trashmen.'
Check out the 2 goals from tonight's Timbers win right now at portlandtimbers.com
well put
that sounds the most amazing EVER
Rufus keeps coughing. Like he had a hairball. Except he is a dog.
Went shopping at Banana Republic. Now I'm happy and WASPy.
All of you people are so annoying at this hour
Cory Garcia for the win! Slinging Ink at Big Star Bar.
Smile at the Haters, and Watch they Jaw Drop
Having for the first time.
Working on Sat blows. Rather be pregaming for #ElClasico. Viva
happy valentines day, love bug!
lol thats not what it do
it's already like a dollar!
The same fans that chant MVP for Paul Pierce.
very much. Yes(:
I am assuming you're photoshopped into that pic right? No way your graduated from anything.
Its a hot steamy rainy day here at the beach = perf shopping day...
ooh ok will do :-)
Think you know #MarchMadness? #Trivia Tuesday warm up! When was the last time that no #1 seeds made the Final Four?
How bad was the play in the NCAA Final????
W.johnbaptistrecords.com
get them tomorrow hopefully I'll be there!
I think is calling and I...
I have the same name....just wanted to point that out!:)
I'm watching it too! "She was a bad egg."
lmaooo madison quote
Have ton of ideas for shoots. Start organizing and following through with shooting them.
Oh, that sounds really good! Can't wait to read it. :-)
So happy to be original.
I got an app on my phone called MP3 Music Mate and it gives me free music
I don't think that is arrogant. I think it is wonderful. I would imagine you are very comfortable in almost every situation
Visit www.designoptionssweaters.com for fabulous beaded sweaters by Design Options! Maybe you'll find an ugly sweater for a holiday party!
go get some clippers from Wal Mart and do it yourself.
I love being home alone :))
I wanna open a store that just sells booze and call it Pussy Liquor.
True, but we're very sensitive to officials here (Supe XV), and that call looks likely to rival Joyce's for controversy.
Do girl scouts really have to try? I bet they could drive around in a truck like the ice cream man and adults would run after them...
Lol, my decision? I didn't know YOUR decisions were mine..
your welcome, i just uploaded it!! enjoy!!!
Rain, rain although we need you please go away & come back again another day :)
“: Taco Bell is dead to me - they've discontinued the chili cheese burrito!”
I'm at 45th and Madison
I'll go with the flow, man. Looking forward to a cocktail for sure.
Great to hear. I was pulling my hair out trying to get work done online yesterday BOS->NYC
Yeah, a few times.
My roommate just found out that no one likes Nickleback
Seeing on t.v. always makes me gush like a idiot. Naturally, my dog decided that was the perfect moment to puke his dinner.
Tools also help students realize their work isn't just for the teacher... ownership is huge!
Low Turnout Milwaukee - so far. City elections official says turnout "appears low" as of mid-afternoon but "it’s a moving target."
it was awesome! It's too bad you guys didn't make it
DUDE! Do you have the Nesquik packed??
Getting closer to starting some changes. :)
I'm on Carnitine, CLA, and Con-cret for some size. Also using fish oils EPA/DHA.
Baseball hangover
Wants to have nasty sloppy rough Freaky hair pulling ass smacking sex That is all
At the CSU graduation in the same place we graduated last year :)
how much did u love that #REM parody moment on #30rock???
I love you more than life itself,
hahaha omg, good luck with that lol
Oxbow presenting archaeology for middle-school students on May 4 - TCPalm
Thank you!!!
That was great!
RT i aint worried bout josephine;; & is that a good thing or bad? Hope u have a blessed day by the way
- gets better. It's a character drama - gotta get to know the characters.
It was good. How do you count the milk in portion plan?
I haven't seen you in a week
We can not become what we need toby remaining what we are
you guys stay stuck on Diana's big banana smh yay dios mio
indeed you do!!!
My stomach hurt :.(
Oh you're cool you premature slut
I like that kind of change
Already starting to freak out for tomorrow...Gahh I don't wanna do a speech!! Lol
Just received an email from Eastbay: "Remember Martin Luther King Jr. with 20% off!". Unsubscribe.
Hahah me too! He's soo perfect *drool*
sonia, & all here checked in to see Angela Davis at umd
All the time, for years.
wondering how my students and colleagues are doing at #ncph2012 #oah2012 wish I was there!
are you in school now?
Just chowed on some Chinese food. Now I'm ready for a nap.
Get that workout
He's been linked to the Packers in the 2nd
good site.
excuse my French but your fucking adorable ^o^
The maintenence & security ppl be too damn happy driving these golfcarts around the apt grounds. Speeding & swerving n shit!
I hope your not moving to Denver...
Reason 438 why I <3 #NYC: Leave my apt in W.Village at 7 for a 7:17 train from Penn St. Sitting on train w 8 mins to spare.
I love you so much. Thank you for all you do for me and the kids. I don't know what I would do without you!!!
what was he fined that much for?
what's up hows your day goin sweetie
Not being babies, we CAN wait, so your thanks & thoughtfulness came at a perfect time. Be w/babies!
Thank you! Also DM we are interested in your microloans! Have a great ECO Monday!
Also, #FF don't miss out on the upcoming events!
Amazed at the State GOP that over 800 delegates spoke for chance to go to Nat'l Convention in Tampa! People are not happy with Obama!
We'll be there! RT Anyone up for community class South Miami tonight?
Expect BIG announcement on Monday focusing on "turnaround-arts" to help low performing schools using
okay THAT was the best one.
great report on Ramova. Love that place. How sad
: X Whoops! They do have an amazing manuscript collection.
Happy 40th! If you are in town stop by for some Birthday (cheese) cake.
Scrimping and saving? See our museum for FREE: Saturday, March 3, and on Wednesday, March 7!
Always on the move. I was looking on Foursquare and apparently you were at the airport at the same time as me last week.
Tasting for today's interview consisted of merengue powder, espresso, whipped cream and crushed hazelnuts.
all you guys are the special one :) *giggles*
Be sure to follow my producer & my director
Women need to start searching for guys who have goals and want success...in 10 years, "swag" isn't going to pay your bills.
We second. BIG salute to Wilde.
If Constitution protects right to privacy, then your concerns with healthcare invasions of privacy can be redressed by courts...
glad u enjoyed my street!!
I want to notice me
The way i see some of yall treat your other half #imstr8 on dat! #single doesnt mean desperate smh
I just made a Pandora station based on anonymous 11th-century French polyphony. :-D
that's what I was thinking myself
watching Prince's likely final at-bat was tough, even though I have known all year it was coming.
We had a great event tonight with Mrs. at !
Quality businesses offer ‘lagniappe’ (extra value) to customers! By Joan Endicott
10 a unit of the Natl Guard in Boone is coming home tmr, we're talking w/ a wife/daughter about the emotional reunion
Tempted to send you questions about refs' calls!
Our guitarist will be on WLUW 88.7 from 3-4pm cst playing records including his bands & our track 1000 suns.
Good luck!!! Will send out some positive energy your way:-)
I DID NOT FUCK TWITTER
RT : Poor Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador. Worst food and worst soccer in Latin America. Share same colors on flag too.
Hey Twitter! We can't wait to provide Charlotte with more new and great music! Follow us in our journey to revolutionize music!
i've never heard of sour cream as a moisturizing mask
Love this advice from : If you have spare $$ for #mobile testing, use it for user testing.
Yes, Simon J is amazing! And you, sir: 1000 thank-yous for the gift of Bartimaeus - one of the all-time GREAT characters.
None next week, but probably next month!
its what I do man :)
great game sunday!
Saying 'Fuck It' is like massage for the mind - relaxing you, releasing tension, giving up on things that aren't working.
I really want a tattoo on my wrist. REALLY. But I'm afraid of being turned away from a job because it's "unprofessional".......
yup, saw that too! You looked (and sounded) great!
MY teen daughter's wise words texted to me (I am now ashamed of myself). "Well, this is what you have and it looks fine so that is that!"
you so funnayyy.
Never liked her, Never will. Fuck it at this point keep him. He's shown what his priorities really are. I'm amazed Pussy really is power.
#somebodyonmytimeline has a group photo as their profile picture. WHICH ONE ARE YOU?
Ig lieing is the way to go right now ...
that explains it, thank you. Learn something new every day!
Im not given a fuck doin my thing.
Yup RT INDESIGN IS A CRUEL MISTRESS
Ci just won't get a break from haters!!!
I just realized and are following me. Of course I followed back <3
#PLBO may be over, but we're not done with you yet July! The has their first concert July 30 at Vets Memorial! Stay tuned!!
I just got smacked in the face by a moth.
Up early making breakfast for my moms
I Love u! :D Just thought i'll say that :) lol
When your ex says "you'll never find someone like me" you are supposed to turn around and say : "I sure hope not !"
Let me know what you find out. I'm wondering the same thing.
NO MORE BACKING DOWN MR. PRESIDENT! ENOUGH IS ENOUGH! , YOU ARE THE ONE IN CHARGE!! MAKE MY VOTE COUNT!!
Panda cam zoo! With
My dad is coming for a visit. I'm looking for car cruise-ins in the Sacramento region between June 20-June 26.
You should've told me you needed a ride home. ;-)
ugh, my computer is really acting up today! Mondays :(
In fact your fanciful writing abilities has inspired me to start my own weblog now.
you still in the boro?
my dad is moving out on Wednesday. k.
Come see ya boy @ famous sams!
I keep thinking about how there are like 30 songs we'll never hear. Some of them have to be amazing considering Runnin almost didn't make it
Tune into next Tuesday at noon, when Cynthia Lin interviews a panel of local Waldorf teachers and parents in Madison.
Next time come to Brake Specialists Plus! We will take good care of you www.brakespecialistsatx.
I don't like it when people will say "I will beat the fuck outta of you for blah blah." Real talk,it pisses me off.
VDS $1600 today, table looks tough. on my left should be fun.
Is this true? Prove it. RT : Same as ppl who do visit - interaction, belonging, ownership. Value.
maybe you'll actually get to talk on this one without having 99.99% dropped calls!
Proceeds from the sale of books will benefit Indy Reads programming. Store will feature used and new books. Opening is scheduled for June.
I should have kissed you i should have told you that i love you and you mean the world to me<3
No aural skills tomorrow morning!
did we not just discuss portion control?!
Smoked Venison Sausage w Port Wine, also a Roasted Red Pepper n Jalapeno Vegan Sausage w Pepperjack Daiya, and Double Choc Orange Brownies
How are you? In ur opinion (which is highly credible) what's the best mobile conference?/Which one(s) do you recommend?
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win- Zig Ziglar. Keep smiling.
torie been readin our tweets too much. Lol RT : Good morning n shit y'all wtf is up
fuck this, I'm about to go find some fried pickles!
That part in the movie Advengers when the hulk throws around the bad guy like a rag doll!! Hahahahaha too funny
How is your training is going! How do you beat the heat? Give that training a finale with the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon!
Let's call this New Year's eve weekend... celebrating starts tonight, tomorrow is the finale! Hope to see you either night!
so am I but if I realize I'm screwed midway through then I'm just drawing pictures
Thank you so very much. "I am Very Happy to be here" in my Prince Hakeem voice!
Ah fuck it !
ready to fail my geometry exam tomorrow...
If someone fakes their ' death' thats just sick. They dont even know how many ppl rlly die cause of bullying.
i'm seriously hooked on these cocoa roast dark chocolate almonds
Whoever said you can't wear white before Memorial Day, I've proved you wrong.
Hahaha I thought you already did! My bad.
Yo Terrell Owens. Most of us don't know how to be dads. I have sons and didn't have anyone to show me. I try to learn as I go.
Hope you're getting good stuff for the new house!
Okay, so I can just attend then. Thank you both for your help!
Back on the tweeter
Eighty percent of success is showing up. -Woody Allen
Grand Theft Auto 5 Release Date Is March 9th? Much to Grand Theft Auto fans' dismay, the fifth installment in the open-world crime series
...shit, never mind.
i can always count on thats like blood
bad idea battery will get swollen and you will have to leave it alone for like 2 days straight Bc it will b over charged
Lots of #yardwork getting done. Also planted #gopherplant seeds and repotted my #hedgehog #cactus-"Spike":)
you should be following your own piano!(:
VA wine is really tough to find outside of VA, as most small production state wines are. I've never seen a VA wine here
came by today with 50 turkeys from Safeway! Yay!
"SNO" Contest Still open, "BIG" hint Downtown Sacramento, LA, & San Diego... www.SNOCLOTHING.com
I need to follow more people on instagram... Kinda boring
I'd probably cry.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul
FOLLOW BACK
Oh man. I'm jealous! Have a great time.
Scotch is good stuff most of the time. Good scotch is really good. Bad scotch is really bad.
Great passing on that last play for the Bucks. Drew is going to work but I hope we see more production from BJ3 when he gets back out.
your mom said the same thing...yea, we'll see, hasn't even been 24 hours
Wonder what kind of birthday list the founder of must have? Hope your special day is all that & more !
in the sports office: "The Blade-Running Alien Gladiator!!" Coming soon to a theater near you...
Waiting in Assembly member Manuel Perez's office to ask support for transforming built enviro. He supports it all!
Ambient Music and the Experimental Counterculture... yes, i think i like my dissertation a lot more now
he retired
cover of the rolling stones..haven't heard that in years! love it!!
Steak Night!
#dhtrial with his promise to get their names. Tomorrow we're back.
did not spend time in jail. Hasn't seen the light of day since.
Love love love the butternut squash Risotto from !! Great with shrimp!
FB News Feed: I'm now mostly seeing pictures & stories of people I don't know. I'm glad MY friend likes your photo, but come on.
A guy who tries to get with every girl, is not the guy for me
lmao, you'd be surprised!
thanks for the pub - we appreciate your help
Headed back to boston.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVE! have a great day, so gutted that you won't be playing the Camden 1D show! :( <3
get to 500 followers ! ((: yess. GO &while you're at it ,go readd her
Perfectly lovely Easter. Highlight was probably the guy I saw angrily searching for all the eggs the kids missed on a church lawn post-hunt.
This comment has inspired some whole sale aggression! Couldn't have asked for more
cant wait to try this place!“: We're opening up The Colts Grill 2nite Downtown! It's gonna b ROCKING..b there or b square!!!!!!!!!
Loving #laborwatch with on #wakeup this morning! Good luck lady!
Rich kid names are becmming more and more like stripper names
Wonder if Bobby Petrino gave his mistress a custom T-Shirt the night before he dumped her.
Yes! The swipe menu feature is back on my twitter app. Win!
Thanks, Susan.
I have no doubts... I am Humbled!
Thanks guys. The puppy is actually in India bought by my parents..named her Rosy..not to my liking.
something something sperm donor something something
tv film short sketch documentary comedy romcom romantic comedy project directors or producers see my two previous tweets
Action is the real measure of intelligence
as always
I need your number to do that silly!!
Happy New Year Baltimore! Let's make 2012 our best year yet.
Vocal music Tweeps: Do you use #SmartMusic? How do you like it?
How can I live with myself knowing I let our love go
your pictures are so god. #greatgreatgreat what camera do you use?
Thx for the follows
Cold, cloudy days are great for bundling up with a new book. What are you reading this week? We're reading SWINDLE, by Gordon Korman.
experiencing momentary difficulty with the FREE Breakfast Entrée reservation system. follow us on Twitter () for updates.
Thanks! We enjoyed Detroit too. Tell some more people out there about us and we'll be back!
Dallas escapes Orlando with a great win! The Magic will be kicking themselves for this fail.
One #FREE month of #marketing and #SEO #coaching.... I have it... You want it?
Thank you so much for your mentions, RTs, and shout outs r
Happy 100th Birthday, Phoenix, and your 300 days of summer (with yesterday being the exception).
Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most. ~ Unknown. Happy New Year all.
i was sleeping ahah i be k.o early and damn just oovoo me cause you're bored mean ahah >_<
With malts & hops as his servants, THE MAHARAJA, ruling our taps now.
What's the perfect powerpoint? Remember, less is more. No hard 'n fast rule, but Steve Jobs did it well. - Mark Allen
It's on itunes just search mercury in summer mixtape, it'll pop up right away :)
thank you very much for the opportunity
I secretly changed Matt's ringtone to BEP's "Good Night'. Hehehehehe. He can't figure out how to change it.
On the bus to Boston. Had to run across the street dragging my suitcase to make the bus. Was probably entertaining for passerby.
on crystal sand, we sleep hand in hand, while soothing words hover like hummingbirds.
#PlansForTheSummer Outside Lands, more music venues, and catch up on one years worth of sleep I gave up for College.
I've burned beans too! It's smelly! I felt like a #badmexican too..lol
Thanks to summer artists for attending our marketing workshop on Sat! It's going to be an awesome summer!
huge thank you to jaime for sponsoring our excellent #datavizlibs webinar today
This weekend at WYNN by the pool....ONLY girl that dared to get in the Jacuzzi was the girl with PERMANENT MAKEUP..All the others looked on
Watchin cars get #smashed at the junkyard
The GoldWashington app is getting popular. If you use this app, tell us what you think of it and how we can make it better.
seriously dude wow
I think this fits nicely in with "be in the flow"-get readers to return to library for services as we can
Woke up in a great mood! Its going to be a good day. :3 interview Monday. Woo!
I got all green lights yey!
GET EM BABY! ;) ": Just watch. After this mixtape, its all over! #BrickSquad"
People earn your trust. It shouldn't be given so freely.
I like you, you like me, were single....am I missing something?
DITTO! RT : Awesome presentation from !
Thanks Jacks. You guy were incredible. See you again on the 8th. Ciao.
thanks! and same to you
Payton manning sighted with the broncos ? O;
People can be mean
1TIME, I PUT donuts OUTSIDE IN OUR DRIVEWAY; nothing would eat them; not ants/sow bugs/raccoons/opossums/ flies
It's pretty ridiculous some of the things that people argue over .
Interesting that studio is called Move. Because after my first 2 pilates sessions I can barely move! So sore! But I love it! :)
We're glad you liked! Thank you!
you're sick! Get better!!
How perfect! Did you know you can even practice while you're on the plane? Once you download the courses...
Haha it's cool..
Politics has a habit of emasculating men.
Hey new followers! If you havnt already! Go follow my real account it's I would love it if you followed thanks!
I'm afraid to click on that link. Free shipping? Were you hacked?
Congrats to Jackie De Tore and her team for winning #OTRC journalism competition.
Passive-aggressive #FF for all the limp-dicks who unfollowed me this week: , , &
at a loss for words rite now...
you're not counting sheep, you're on twitter.
I just heated up salmon in the office microwave because I apparently hate all of my coworkers.
follow back?(:
RIP grandpa. I Love You. I remember we used to jam out to all the time. I'm missin' you already. You were my favorite buddy,
We would love to have you in the spa.
Yeah just traumatic in every way possible. :(
college coaches join today find the talent you are looking for. Everything is free we have players from all sports
Having a lovely bday with and at the brat house!
OMG! So jealous.
we could organize a meeting of cart owners/leaders to discuss with you if you're serious...
Driving home from boston and neither or are on TIC. It is sunday right?
sorry Alex :)
Thanks for your beautiful write up Sarah! Glad you had a great time. Hope you can make it back soon!
Tyler, you actually look like a mixture of all those.
tested out custom strap this weekend on my #M8 well worth the dough
If TBK doesn't beat Abyss for the X Division title, then or or whatever are fucking stupid beyond words...
Protecting your tweets? Thats just stupid, this is twitter not sex.
OMG IM DYING RIGHT NOW.
First opinion of iBooks Author: Look, Ma, I'm a big gurl now! I can rite a bük!
Don't be too quick to judge
last leg of the trip. dallas here i come.
what's up
omg!! Don't put it on me!! MDNA is a special occasion... As is any time I come home to Vegas for a visit.
50...can't wait to hear the new songs... U rock 50!!! holla at me!!
Women of the world rejoice... is now 18
RT : Winning design for Smithsonian Gallery of Art would've been 1st modern structure on
I cooked & ate liver & onions, my grown-up meal turned out pretty good.
1- best fight you've ever watched 2- where does this fight rank?
#666 followers ! not good, quick someone follow me!
you text mine
Very sad to hear that. I liked the way ep.io fit my brain. Good luck going forward, I will be watching with interest.
Thanks for the introductions! It's great to meet new people and learn what they're working on. Much appreciated!
you must be watching on Eurosport. No live tennis in in the states.
It was 3-5c time. West coast, YOU STILL HAVE A CHANCE!! P.S. Alexa's hubby also produced it! Go go go!
Hey how bout them Hoosiers.
Kobe Bryant on MWP returning: "He's the one guy I can count on, night in and night out, to compete."
accidentally swallowed my gum.
lol she can... Aye, no Amare - we ready
Thanks so much you're the best! RT Check out this kewl, nu band They're kinda badass.
Some of my favorite Christian charities: Habitat for Humanity, Samaritan's Purse, World Vision, Compassion International
Mariner's Revenge Song!
so is it going to be cool if me & my friend both serve as club presidents?
yee yee girl I'll be there in the fall !
Cool World remake with #ElijahWood just so they can say "Elijah Wood if he could"
We'll have 4 E-Cars in the parade! (via )- thanks E-Cars, these are the coolest!
Got hit on the head lyk 4 times today by with a #MioEnergy Thing & A Can ! XD
31,000 people waited in 90-degree temps on the final weekend of the McQueen exhibit
THANK YOU XD :D im still mad though i did do something for the food though its outside being eaten by homeless cats :D
love how people forget the childish behavior of those free mike vick falcons. Who wanted to coach those clowns?
#AntiWar #DeathPenalty #Occupy movements should combine and protest nationwide
There are LOTS of books in this world to read, besides mine, lol!
What are the resources in which we own? What are the consequences of loss of privacy/integrity? A few questions we need to ask.
"Making history come alive through a textbook is like enjoying food by only reading cookbooks."
Hi! I wish we were coming to Chapel Hill! We'll be in Raleigh, tho.....
Between these two QB's, who's the better start this week...Eli or Big Ben??
Police say a cook has confessed to placing rat poison in meals served in a public-school cafeteria in southern Brazil.
Can NOT wait to see you!
yes! #PT, #Yoga, and #Pilates should be given a shot.
You are so funny. Luv this tweet. I'm rooting for your gals to win this one.
Congratulations to 's Travis Beckett for coming in sixth overall at
But since it sheridans daughters' routine she still wants to work on it! I would need to rechoreograph the whole ending
#askjessica Are you coming to Florida anytime soon?
Thanks, Alison! :) Coming back at you in just a sec. :)
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
when did people decide Johnny Depp is talented? Captain Jack was a great character, but I just don't get the obsession with Depp.
It's about time!
no, I totally got it....aaaahhh, I'm just going to bed. Night, folks! I'm fried!
Todayy was amazing! Megan had her baby & I was wit my Bestfriewnnddss! # Can't.Wait.For.Summer.
and KCAL in Los Angeles for interviews. Chaka Khan is the other guest today. She now has her very own copy of The Fourth Fisherman!
Welcome back, hope everybody had a great holiday!
#MiddleStates team here, wrap-up session today. They were interested in our libraries, esp re planning and assessment.
lmao , your crazy they're gon take them pictures .
Zeptyche - Black Mouth (Extended Mix)
we should trend #VerifyAustinMahone! keep trending #400kmahomies too <3
Don't people who say "cray cray" realize how stew stew they sound?
Home after some delicious sushi with my friend, Steph.
Where the fuck is my taxi. Yo, didn't I say 7pm almost 3 hours ago when I booked it?
Congrats on finishing library school!
You remind me of the times when I knew who I was. But still the second hand will catch us, like it always does.
aw, I'm flattered! Thanks for watching. :) I love learning new instruments. My fiancé gets me a new one each bday!
Congratulations to Elan Elkaim who won the iPad2 Giveaway at our raffle last night at Artician Digital Media Gallery!
follow me? :)
I'm not accepting responsibility for any of this. You started it with your creeping
What was #aol thinking? I have trouble believing that HuffPost could be capitalized at such a high number. Good for Arianna though!
Skydiving sounds fantastic right about now...
not cuter than you though ! Lol
that's good, and that's what I heard
you want just the tune recorded or a video with it to? Talking to my co-horts in crime about it.
Okay, I thought my kids could sleep anywhere :)
Did I hear correctly that the Davis cat (no pun) from Kentucky has set the single season block record 18.5 games into the season?
I just bought 's book to add to my public library's shelves and I'm using it as reference for a thrifting class I'm teaching.
There's so much hockey left to play. And yet, and yet...
I had SO much to do tonight. Did nothing but watch hockey.
EA games needs to make a motorcross game. Only good one out there is MTX mototrax on the Xbox and ps2.
Cobb and her stupid ass assignments.
are you going to Uganda? Ill be there in like 2 weeks!
M!!! Smells so good in apartment... making chocolate and cream cheese strawberries cup cakes about 50 to 70 cal per cup cake.
do you sing in the shower???
Texas football and drinks. Gotta love family wedding weekends.
between the 2 of you there would be hair fucking everywhere.
The text i typed wasn't to exercise my fingers. If i text you, it means i want a reply.
well you are :)
Wait, you have a Jodie Meeks bucks shirt? NICE
Its so fuckin hot I'm finna go shoppin for some shorts and some graphic tee's
Opportunity always looks better during desperate times...even in the stable times opportunity knocks...that's when decisions are made.
Got his autograph plus he gave me free stickers :D
Party at my house after the show for CROWBAR's BIRTHDAY!!
Fight party at my house..gotta find yur own way there though 😱😱😱
oh you know, pretty stellar. How you been???
She told me to tweet that like last week hahaha I had forgotten.
You know it! We're hanging in there!
Chrysler's big mistake was selling the original Sebring Platform to the Russians!!!
Come check out Dante in the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
Thursday night: 70's themed patio party! Cocktails and live music - join us in costume or just to have some casual fun! Party's 6 to 9!
Really enjoyed our SFCC class tour yesterday! Another great place to hang out in Santa Fe for ALL AGES!
"homeland" as in Showtime? LOVE IT.
Listening to for the announcement.haha
haa. its funny how guys actually think its funny that they are dumb-ass players that just want to get some.
haha! Ooh I need hair color advice. Text me or whatsapp me later. (:
he gone learn today
you bet! It's a good stat and article :)
Wow, Horn of Light just bowled me over. You address lots of the issues we have been thinking through. Going to email you.
RT S/O to for leaving without Wood KNOWING he was wit u when u came over...thanks-_- cry me a river ~~~
I'm the best at hiding my feelings.. 😔
If you get a DM saying clcik on a shorten link, don't do it. It is a Tarp, seriously a few of you have been hacked, check your sent DM's.
A big thanks to and the Renaissance for helping us put on such a great event last night!
Clothes packed for #ala11 3 pairs of shoes and 4 dresses, I'll be all fancy and stuff.
We're answering your question now. "Find your passion. Talk about what you really care about" -Jacqui DMIS
Harrison brand!
Congrats Jonathan Dełman......USC says YES!
#np: get higher - juicy j
I will see b/c that is my bday weekend and I have a film I have to shoot that morning so I will do my best but I cont.
Every man I know who has played football has said it's a vicious,brutal bloodsport.But now ppl want the fucking Disney version.
Today is Hug Your Dog Day! I hope I see lots of people hugging their dogs, that would make today totally awesome
district taco for lunch? Yum
maybe you should try sleeping? Lol
solid reference
Damn.. she actually fell asleep on me!
People trust more than other social media sites, says
Back on the elliptical, watching the #LAKings .2 of 3 periods last game on this = 82 min. Cant wait to thank my Kings for the cup&lbs lost!
You're my everything. Never forget that. No matter the distance you're still my everything. I love you with all I've got<3
You can say i lost all i want, but dont bitch at me when people are saying i won. -.-
lmfaoo well than that'll suck ass!!
its cool
If anyone attended the Holocaust Remembrance Ceremony on Friday, pls tweet us with photos, comments, etc!
hahaha i know(:
NF... follow me back !! -Rated (P)retty (G)irlss
unlucky us
Main lesson from Herman Cain losing his chance to be 2nd African American pres. Stay away from white woman. MR. X told him so.
Part of me want 2 get an mpc
Want to try out Fliqz for your website? Just visit us at www.fliqz.com and click on the huge orange button that says "Try for FREE."
Fast Facts: A developmental pediatrician is a physician who is especially trained to handle children with special needs.
RT : Out of WSOP ME. Thx all 4 the supports. Now I can go on with life!:-)spending FTP players funds! GROSS!
Okay well if you do text me :p
Hi Stacy, We are so glad you enjoyed the mini cupcakes!! now you know where to go for your sweet cravings!
The sun is finally starting to peek through after 5pm. Nice.
i took a nap before class it was only like 10 mins but i needed it
Anyone gone through a move lately? We did a couple of years ago, we tried to make it as light as possible
We should put the chapters alone in a room and let them work it out on their own while we go for cocktails. That'll show 'em
Did you ever get the water dragon bones so you can comb my beard? >:O
Thank You!!
Colas, from best to worst: Mexican Coke, Coke, Diet Coke, Diet Pepsi, Pepsi.
Goin to cinema in a hour.. Forget a little about school..
im all N
Who Tryna hit the driving range ?
Ready to go "Walking in Memphis"
Just made another order with WCR. If you have never ordered from them I suggest you do. Those guys are awesome! Great service and price!
a new adventure everyday.
In this Aug. 3, 2011, photo Jim Capannari, a small ice cream maker, makes ice cream at his shop in Mount Prospect, Ill.
I love you!
Congrats on 100K. If you could somehow turn that number into dollars.....
I love love love Pineapples
Excellent advice!
But what did your narratives say?
"Son, stay away from fast women and slow horses." -wise words of Daddy Dee
This will be good
When I saw the picture of Justin Bieber's new haircut, I thought it was a joke about an actual lesbian.
Ikr u take a long time typing this really long message and all they message back is "LOL,HAHA,(:" im like seriously!!! ):
Hm...OK, gotta think about the car situation...if I go to Orlando, you have to get home! Ha. I'm gonna buy my tic to Tampa.
do you still have the same number??? I gotta talk to you like foreal this time
That's a great idea. I'm going to go to Chick-A-Fil-A on Sunday. Get a little Sunday brunch and not worry about the line.
I wonder what ever happened to my very 1st GF I had in Pre-School, Shannon Beavers. If anyone knows her, ask her why she broke my heart.
#AdvertisementReference I love it. RT Kevin Durant's going to spend the fourth quarter playing Doodle Jump.
menchies is good stuff. Need to come to Atlanta for a fix.
Well If you ain't a ten you're a 9.9, tippin' and spillin' that homemade wine on your tied up, tshirt
I don't trust shonda. Lol she can easily kill him off too! I'm a mess. I couldn't breathe. And I didn't even like her :-/
Can't Let You Go-Fabolous never gets old. I love this song
Solving my e-reader angst by only downloading books I'm embarrassed to be seen reading.
Hey , your voice is beautiful. Glad to hear some new music from you.
you've never had one?
Huge Thank you to Lena for the amazing Oxygen Facial! My skin is still soft and glowing nearly a week later! x
some people just dont know when to grow up
:) It was beautiful!!!
Loving this chilly weather! I get to bust out my grandmother, GaGa's vintage furs! Sorry PETA!
yess I know I just love them I was texting them through the storms asking them how the were because we live were some hit
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
What do you think? Did Madeline Albright convert to Judaism purely for the jokes?
Thanks sir and thank you for following! :-)
been gone for a while, major changes coming soon!
my next week is open! Just let me know!
Niggas downtown used to be cute to me...then I got a car lmfao
your really good at these:')x
Tired of this :(
When you feel the fire taking over let it make your feelings behave older 🎵🎶
Wow, the Trail Blazers are certainly making it difficult to cancel Season Ticket orders, esp considering there won't be a season
#Confessions I want some McNuggets right now
ill be damned if cards win but we wont because we dont gots pujols :( damn him lol
- Thanks for the follow, JB. I can relate.
great points, I find the challenge is having enough time to both create strategy and execute.
I need to eat, this headache is killing me. 😣
i lost my freaking cat
Just text #oomf the most heart felt text i may have ever written.
aye bitch did u hack my shit
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
#NW behind the music t-pain
thunder storm.! im scared! :/
The #LEGO movie has a release date: Feb 28, 2014.
Hope everyone will stop by Buddy Bike booth to learn about Buddy Bike, adaptive cycling and how to see funding!
leaving this school is gonna be one of the hardest things i ever had to do.
Haha oh really?! Have you corrupted my boy Ross?
RT : RIP Adam Yauch (MCA of the Beastie Boys). He was a super-genius, a visionary and, most importantly, a really good person.
bubbl.us was used by Colorado legal aid to create flow chats. Easy to use and free
we won today! 4 of the 5 matches we won :))
Vanity license plate seen last night: (NY) Whoo_haa … Wish I'd thought of that one (but I still like my METADATA plate)
What you working with?
1st day back in the shop 2day. No bucking or shooting rivets for me... I'm getting better though..
anytime :D
I can't wait for #BELIEVE it is going to be AMAZING all your fans are going to be wild when they get your single
translations are free
“You May Disagree With Me…But Then You Would Be Wrong.”
New condom slogan: Wrap it in latex or she's gonna get your paychecks."
Flaws and all, I'm here.
Meh. Clothes are overrated!
Got a late start today. All is good.
I cant wait 2b on the...": On the road again... #ala11"
In livermore for the next coupla hours, who wants to get their drink on?
“: completely overwhelmed by the Lord's provision this morning... God is so good!”
I cannot live without my alert services, says #SESNY: Google Alerts, Social Mention, GigaAlert and TweetBeep
Guten Morgen, Bonjour etc to new followers Welcome to our twinning tweets.
If you don't know I love ...One day I'll get that opportunity to meet her!
I make no apologies for the fact that your balls aren't big enough to handle my personality
wow, that's quite a lineup
Marry The Night !
has danced on the precipice. Actually, I have not. I just wanted to write that.
Niall please tweet me me n my bffl r coming to see u next month n next year but i can't wait till then
I do and I will.
16 miles in despite some serious hills and rain. Feeling good. 2 months + 1 wk until #LakePlacid. Bring on the day
All the haters can wait in line, Because... 2010 Is My Turn To Win! Much love to my twitter friends! "PEACE TO YOU & YOUR FAMILY"
Did you mean 'Sun' or 'SunsDay'?
is so awesome I'm a fan
SING IT GIRL!
.....hum ill tink bout it lol
You need ergonomic pillows that are intended mainly for your neck. check out small pillows. :-)
Chasing the boys upstairs for bedtime, & tripped on a used (but thankfully empty!) diaper in the kitchen. Naked boy, where are you?
I'll definitely be live tweeting and answering any Degrassi related questions. So send away! :) #DegrassiFinale #frostival #EclareFTW <33
someone is being naughty lol why did you say that anyway
What a game! Northern Lights 4 - Rochester Hawks 3, final.
Take some risks, kid.
SPOON!! -> “: I have decided that I need my own battle cry. I have chosen "PUDDING". Thank you for your attention.
until when?
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear Your battery is low.
Have you been writing? ;)
Debating on whether or not I should accept the invite to be on the #grafton Public Arts Board.
Shit not me
"All These Sensations Got Me Going Crazy"
What's the point? Might as well give up. My life is pointless
Cats!Cats!Cats!
meeting you last evening!! Looked at your Icon Project, would like to discuss this and Santa Fe, many levels on which to connect
really wish i had practice this week. need to spend time on the field cause its my escape.
speaking to jstudents about the ethical issues related to covering the Sandusky case.
Can Cody cat daddy on me?
aw, thanks! finishing OJ2 now (titled ACES WILD). coming in 2013!
Wow. What an evening! I somehow ended up home. Met some really cool people last night, hung out with old friends.
Thanks much.... getting a few more scripts out.... cross your fingers :) (send prayers) :)
Just got my hair did. Thanks
Speaking this morning for Christian Leadership Alliance. My topic: Great Leaders GROW!
knowing how I'll vote in November is a huge relief...now I can focus on something other than infotainment.
Come have some U-Swirl to cool you down!
why last practice what's up
My first tour with was the fall of 2005, back in my Vedera/Veda days. I was grateful then... And grateful now.
Or on you o_O “: I do believe this is one to live by. RT : Shit happens, just don’t let it get to you.”
I am too young for health problems. :/ Smh...too much fun can lead to problems lol
I smell bacon.
alright come by tomorrow we'll get it together.
The Grim Reaper is working down in New Orleans in the French Quarter for the next few weeks. Ping me if you have time to meet.
how about talking about a Glove Co. that makes their gloves in NYC? Us Lacrasia Gloves .. we love you Fox B esp. CVPayne
Anyone with an extra Google+ invite?
no mocking
that is very funny and creative!
Twitter Is Better Than Facebook Though
Close call but is leaving MSG tonight with a win! 's team is headed to the #NIT Championship!
Just purchased 2 new Jerseys for your cousin Crystal and I... We will be reppin our Wilson Jerseys in Cali...
Teaching Shelter Operations and Simulation to a great group of volunteers today! Donate a Saturday to your favorite !
Yes foreal, I'm done with his shit.
Watching a one legged wrestler in the NCAA national finals n the 125lbs class. AMAZING! His disadvantage is actually his advantage.
Shelby Lynne - Don't Think Twice, It's Alright - 08:43 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
RIP Levon Helm. A great loss.
if you haven't changed your #Twitter password yet, you should.
work work work
As well you ought to be! Mazel tov!
Great time at the #LonelyHeartsFilmFestival tonight. Excellent films and congrats to the organizers and award winners!
The Blues, Part Three- Albert Ammons starting out the day.
absolutely. Being status quo because of a lack of drive isn't inspiring. Why be with someone who doesn't want to better themselves
Work in the field of entertainment , work yo way up and get paid in the process P IMAGE P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS
very much so but who am I to judge I would be a hypocrite
Christine Lagarde asks deputies to spare the Tax Credits on Research & Development in France, very helpful for SMB innovation companies, thx
RT : If you have a smart phone, we'll have a mobile site ready for you soon
If you enjoyed the synchronized swimming routine on Glee tonight, you'll love our Azul show. #SeaWorld San Antonio opens on Feb. 4.
Haha! Yah only hes worse! By far..RT : he reminds of someone else I know... Oh wait. That's you, dad.
i'm decided to take out my nose piercings for good. too much of a hassle removing them for work. i'm kinda bummed. :(
Getting a disposal for my bday, I've reached the age where that is super exciting to me. Clothes? Shoes? Jewelry? NAH! Just gimme plumbing!
it's not even on FB! the guy has NO idea who i am, no idea what I look like...
I don't get it. Am I supposed to use the entire tube of Super Glue in one go? It's always going to seal itself shut and become unusable?
Nice one! Thanks for sharing the photo.
I know what it's like to juggle. You got your project management skills down, though :)
Listened to your sxsw talk last night. Nicely done!
*earphones in* world out.
Our favorite spot! Thanks again for taking us when we were in NYC together!
Cold but dry, gotta go out for a ride
Even though the have made it difficult this season, I'll always be a fan
they asked too and tribble said yeah
Good Morning Everyone! One of the best ways to stimulate your metabolism is to eat breakfast. Have you stimulated yours today?
I am pretty sure if we had a camera on us in college we would have had a better reality show than most!!
sick photos your a beast! Can't wait to see you back on the field!
So cute!
thanks for all the follows! we love the ariana army (: AND Hope you still love us!
well, there is only one, and he was in that diner.
National Coffee Day this Thursday 9/29! Stop by any to get your free sm coffee & doughnut of your choice!
The day before something is a breakthrough it's a crazy idea.
Ew. Creep alert!
Thanks for the information. Have a great day : )
Baking pumpkin pie bars! Yum! :-)
In session with on eBooks and eTexts
Bensimon: We need a way to address how Title V funding helps Latino students succeed.
Talking about religion-"do you believe in ghandi?"
Double header against Fresno State today
www.zakdowntown.com is coming this summer with new music!
I need a man to ride ride ride
oh okay :)
Done with Season 3 of SG1. Time for work!
Everyday I'm hustlin hustlin hustlin! RT : Rise and grind! My sisters and I are hustlin. Everyday I'm hustling
Thanks for the RT & compliment! Will be sure to pass it on. RT : Digging the new #SGIAExpo avi!
Win Your Share of $3,250 in the #OVS Cash Raffle at the #Bazaar! Buy your tickets on 12/11 for $35 each, or 2 tickets for $50!
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. Mark Twain
Watching Elite Troop 2. really cool, but what's with soap opera deal?
Happy Friday. S/O from Los Angeles. The CoffeeLady is in the house. What's good?
Being cursed with fast growing beard genes <
Peru Schools released early for weather... All Main Street Church activities for this evening (01/19) are cancelled... Stay home... Stay...
yeah, but I was always bored before because I got it so quick.
please do something about the refereeing. Galaxy goal was embarrassing
Ah, thanks for the tip! I'll update the slides.
RT “: Love Everyday”
Great win for the good guys. GO MAVS.
Thank you to #everyone who helped us recycle over #150 cell phones!!!
Note: The digital sew out is the way your order is going to show up after your approval!!!!
Finally Patriots got into this game!
Last games I played were Scotland Yard and Shogun—oldies but goodies. I want to play 1812 next, but haven't had time to read rules.
How much of this is just good photography, I wonder?
17 Ways SMBs Can Survive the Google Penguin Update Effect
Ditto kiddo
More like the sequel to the sequel's sequel
I just want my damn email.
hey how long are you gonna be at LAfit today?
alice im really sorry
Got em next time Dallas
there really is nothing like it.
If I could sing "Bohemian Rhapsody" at my auditions, every single job would be mine
Just got approved for a J. Crew credit card. This is potentially very dangerous.
