Oh wow! Thanks!
dude txt me!
I saw my sub sha
Whos going to Austin Mahones concert in NY(:?
A very peaceful, rainy day.
how is your precious baby doing? How was labor & delivery? I'm so nervous about that part.
MT“:Bill Gates didn't applaud so Arne Duncan won't either. Ever see Bill drink a glass of water while Arne is speaking?”
Flying Biscuit = yummy food every visit. Don't know how I missed the one right by me on w. paces ferry all this time :/
has your new phone arrived yet? Text me when you get it
Awww...that's the most touching thing anyone's said to me all day. :)
These lines, so well rehearsed Tongue tied and over-loaded You'll never notice
sure, do you have "O Holy Night" on this album? that is my favorite Christmas song :)
Don't see the logic..just bc my team has had past losing seasons doesn't take away my right to have an opinion about the redsox
time to pass the fuck out, for work at 9 AM. then it's hibernation, and then it's prom.
since i aint finna club heavy this summer i thnk ima get right on my 2k skills lol
A Blazer fan agrees. Go Spurs! RT GAME DAY BALA GAME DAY!!!
Thanks for the #FF!! Have a good weekend!
you only live once ? =)
I love SUVs. 💜 I love sitting high up😉
Can't wait to invade w/ #lincolnpark #chamber members and #seersucker on Wednesday!
The next free Baltimore #coworking session is this Friday. Send us location suggestions! (must have wifi & be on Charles)
we gotta get together bro
your new icon though. asdfghjkl.
Bookophilia in Jamaica to carry "Olympic Gardens."
People love that show! Another reason I need HBO.
God has poured out his love into our hearts. - Romans 5:5
i have the goofiest grin planted on my face :)
I figured that's ur spot !! Lol
In the wise words of bubba sparxxx, "What ever it is you do, do it admirably"
ahahahahaha! Good question :P
i dunno :) well you owe me one in real life cuddle if you're ever by chicago
smith The Raider I hated the most was Lester the molester Hayes
So excited! An article about RachelsCBD just came out in the new January edition of Magazine. Check it out!
I just ate a pound of edamame.
uh oh .. party girl . RT It's my Birthday weekend!! ANYTHING GOES!! 😉😁😏
Thanks RT : U go girl! love the passage of tax cuts 4 middle class. dont let the bullies get 2 U. your doing gr8!!!
#party ! Youngstown Avenue, Orlando, FL 32826 reefer pool party byob !
Congrats to those who've heard our ads & have signed up 4 savings! Have u heard how Me2 can help u save $$$?
But im a G, so fuggit hahaha.
It is somewhat embarrassing to be regarded as a literacy leader or at least one who shares books--then offer a lackluster program.
Does this dress make me look fat? No, it's the fat that makes you look fat.
I SWEAR A BITCH CAN TAKE A NIGGA UP SHITS CREEK JUS TO PROVE NOTHING AT THE END OF THE DAY
It's #tacotuesday! Where are you going for your taco fix?
You're welcome! Will there be any video of the speakers posted?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Game on #uconnhuskies. Let's show TN why we got the ring.
Songwriting session NOW! New music from This Way coming out soon!
I dont salute you niggas who knock chicks up because you don't want nobody else to knock
RT : Thanks for the 550 #OKC jobs! We really needed that!
OK you got my follow :-)
A stitch in time? Cotton's "the fabric of our lives"?
I agree. Does your library limit computer use to cardholders only? Just curious. Mine provides guest passes for non-cardholders.
The cheetah is the only cat in the world that
It's an amazing thing! RT : RT : I like it when a person comes into your life by accident and stays, on purpose!
Many will not see now who I am what I stand for and what I will bring, but soon that will change
A very impressive photo surprise coming from this morning
PSU students proving entire campus is out-of-touch “: A few rocks are thrown at the firetruck on College Avenue. #PSUCharges”
“: new wifey ones ?” check your instagram
Thanks so much for the RT!
winter has finally arrived in Rochester
I just got a new agent across the board! Starcraft! Very excited!
And for my one-hundredth tweet ever (WOAH!), I will wish a happy birthday!
President Obama must always remain highly skeptical of the Clintons.
check out the new shirts at flipcups.com Also we are looking for models
I obviously have to go to bed right when has a twitter party. Well there goes all my chances of getting noticed:(
I just watched it on my DVR, he ripped them a new ass hole...lol
Good question. Immediate return would probably be Final 4. Its the largest tournament in the world, next 2 the world cup.
Lmao RT : The Lakers playing like the Niggas from "Think Like A Man"
Hollywood and the World with Catherine Jurca and Ethan de Seife starting now. Dana Polan moderating
Lost 2,000 bones on the #stealers tonight, needless to say, I'm in a glass case of emotion
In need of Secret Recipe now
I'm on my way to the bus, heading back up north.
I should just tell my boss that I can't come into work today. There are beds to lay in and tv's to watch.
same....!!! ahh scared the heck outta me!
love the backround
#amwriting after having a few glasses of wine. It doesn't work for me . . .
Sweet dreams people! I hope everyone had a wonderful day!
Have a great show!
Mine are still on as of now.. I love them though.
Exactly! Nothing can keep you away from your favorite movies! :) I can't wait to see it! :) Hope you feel better
you finally got it?
dik eat we can find something :P
Make it rain.“: Man it sucks that what I did last night I have to do all over again tonight ”
STREET FIGHTER!!! it's about to go down...!
Not in the slightest!
do you know how much the WM28 tickets are?
out of work early to avoid the motorcade. Don't you have a helicopter or could you have planepooled with the VP? seriously!
did you see this tweet... Yeah I didnt think you would anyways :'(
it's 11:11 you know what that means(; FOLLOW ME!
DP (A-list #screenwriter) taught me you can be tht rare, great, cool & *nice* person AND be very successful in Hollywood. TU
Uh oh! #agtown on
A 6 am deluge in #rockville...replete with flash and boom and no more slumber for ol Craig.
If you can't handle my worst, you ain't gettin' my best. #PinkFridayRomanReloaded Thank You !
Teamwork is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results
These energy ads - clean coal, why fracking will save us - are so desperate, so transparent.
Enjoy the sunshine! Grab a great new book and stretch out with it in the cool shade under a great big tree! (There. Phew. Said.)
Actually, I think you hate us!~ :{
Especially since it's such an ethnically diverse campus. took everything in me not to kick the shit out of the guy
Thur Soup SPecial: French Green Lentil Soup with White Cheddar Cheese & Crispy Apple Smoked Bacon
Nasdaq up an incredible +19% this quarter that ends in two days. Insane!! Buying at these lofty levels would not be wise.
cant believe i just went to 4 hours of dance with walking ammonia....brb dying.
214 million?? Really????
i will, thanks jojoe
All-time jumbled lyric: "Hey Jack Kerouac, I think I'm your mother." #streaming10kmaniacstoday&dontcarewhoknowsit
That's smart! More faculty could do this - if encouraged to think about #firstgen issues. These basics make a difference!
i feel so left out
TUES NITE @ THE SMILING MOOSE = $1 MILLER HIGH LIFE Bottles, $2 DALE'S CANS From 9-11pm! FREE OPEN MIC/STAND UP COMEDY! 10pm Start!
For your boyfriend!
Bracing for the "worst blizzard in decades", which is supposed to arrive tonight.
“: online it does, on your iphone or droid it's a beautiful interface! it's free” Got it for iPhone. Beautiful interface!
we love you too <3 hugs and kisses to all of you
Yes is my shittttttttt. I love my gay!
I seriously might die right now but be ready by 7 tonight !:)
Most ridiculous meal I've had in a while. Kyle's amazing cooking + magnum of Belgian scotch ale courtesy of Greg.
Why can't #GirlScout cookies be sold in packs of, say, 2 cookies at a time? That would definitely help avoid eat-a-ThinMints-sleeve syndrome
Wonder what the #PLA12 attendees think about the #RDApocalypse? Oh, wait, PLA doesn't really serve the cataloging community.
Thanks for the follow. Have a Fuddtastic day!
Sweet photo! Reminds me of where I went to school growing up. Cows were the neighbors :-)
Yes! Should be ova soon! :-) Always do and will, babe!!! DITTO! Talk soon! Mwuaaahh!
RT if you just read this.
gig in Sellinsgrove, PA later on.
Wow... just noticed my iTunes library is 105GB+ (not including FLAC files). I need an iPod classic.
Do you ever wonder who you were before ?
Treating myself to sushi for lunch...yumm!
those things are actually really freaking good!
Gotta love that damn Greek!
Don't miss ZZ Top tribute band, Velcro Fly, live on stage tonight at Pineapple Willy's starting at 8:30!
love this quote. glad we made it through another Media Law class. .. almost there.
Just tried to call from a party bus. Yeah, that didn't work out.
You guys really should be spinning "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! That song is my jam!
follow this guy he is kool
RT from 2:29 PM Sep 18th -- Sitting in the theatre at SCR waiting to see Misalliance. The set is gorgeous!
My last retweet is the opposite
lol sorry sis I was preoccupied! I'll hit u up on my lunch.
RT : Can't remember a single then-Brewers player going to Madison.>>>Too bad you can't remember the failure of Barret in MKE.
#RedSox #Yankees tonight! Or #NCAA first four? Decisions. Decisions.
On our way to DC101 for a popcorn drop... See you guys shortly
Thanks all of you for coming. And congrats to our 2012 graduates!
ok awesome thanks. So do you know of any large commercial sites that might need some security systems put into place?
it's good to be here, it's good to be anywhere
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  32
Ready for Cookin' Tunes tonight? Get to Grandma's by 7pm!
Thank you for your time today. Keep making FL great!
The desires that arise in your mind are often clouded by ego motives, which are not true needs.
for real :/ that was the basis for my creation of my bracket this year. at least slu and kansas are still doing alright.
thank you for following us, would love to meet with you in LA anytime!
Happy Mothers Day to my beautiful mom! #iLoveyou ! <3 :)
7 30 meet me in the back where u met me on Friday
OMG...her jury speech had me in tears. I wish her the best
I despise the phrase "in the real world."
I like the article, but the 5th paragraph says "hisself." Lost 99% of credibility in that one word.
I-35 exit 353 Subway - big night
Don't worry, atheists aren't that dumb.
Thinking about registering your kids for summer camp? Don't wait too long and miss out on their favorite sessions. www.rawhideranch.com
I think I may be the only person who does NOT know what that song is!
are you going to the concert on the 3rd?
Thanks. Looks like they didn't send them all out at the same time (or maybe at the same time in different timezones?).
Writing some songs and planning to record after class
My alarm for tomorrow won't shut off till I solve arithmetic problems. I hope this means I won't be able to unconsciously turn off my alarm.
Haha ruthless chirp... We still have an outside chance, but I'm giving the east to Florida State now
bout time cake!
Oh yea,my album "Theme Music" is available on itunes also.Go ahead and get that! As for those who already have, I thank you so very much!
david said he told you!! its a bar crawl on saturday, do iitttttttttt !!
Open Mike at the Dog and BOne last night; tonight I went to the Song writer's association at "LaJava Lounge" out in Cape Canaveral...
which one!!! I wanna go!:)
pip pip cherrio mate
Kids these days are so ignorant.
going to kansas*
that is scury... They may not be kidding considering they're from Southport
Never new love with hurt this bad worse pain I ever had
On the flip side... The amount of work I'm knocking out >>>>>
wrote me a song!!
FSU vs. Phillies is always such a funny day to me.
There are some noteworthy projects though. Will need to look then up and tweet them forward tomorrow.
Braylon Edwards thinks Bryce Harper can't catch.
:D d'aww
The crowd at Romney's rally has been reduced to chanting USA, USA! Really? Not very original and uninspired.
#MerryChristmas to all of my followers!!! <3
My ex told me I need to #GROWAPEAR so I dumped that bitch for ;)
Love the interview. Thanks!
okay yessir , I jus got home a lil bit ago rude so it shouldn't
thank you! <3 and i already did! (:
I'm so excited to be a part of and making a differenece with the Overcoming Childhood Obesity Conference in October. More Details 2 come.
the dilettantes and debutantes at the dartboard.
Have you RSVP'd for the Dec 2 FFW Holiday Bazaar? Don't miss out on great gifts from amazing women like !
we are doing pretty good!
i'd like to see a list of the top ten best designed classical albums
We've increased the number of avail. e-books of our current One Book, One Chicago selection! If you've got the gadgets, go for it!...
RT : i want to be editor-in-chief so i can make a weekly publication.
Going to be rainy for the next few days! Get your rides in this morning if you can!
what happened today??
lmfao I hate you
Happy Publication date to 's THE ANGRY BUDDHIST In bookstores now & so HOT it's smoking!
Congrats , , & Matt Breejen for #winning employee of the month! Contact them for how they improved client experience!
Paula Dean on Top Chef: I put it in my mouth expecting to taste one thing, and I got something totally different.
So tired of waiting 😞
Mm, love her.
": me Toot & David guetta kid Cudi memories" <--- f*cking love that song!!! Going downtown tomorrow to party!
First round of change of location notices for the Western Regional Archives move are online. MARS/EAD updates will be made later.
I'm one step ahead of you... He's already chained in my kitchen.
ah too bad we don't have the same brand or we could share :(
I manage icare FHS in AZ we provide services to the disabled/families Always trying to improve Any advice is welcome!
I can't find it :(
Happy Holidays
I've admired you from a far, And I've wished on shooting stars, But my dream hasn't come true, That means I don't have you <3
As a matter of fact, yes. We want to talk with anyone who is interested in hosting MidwestUX in their city in coming years.
I've developed a like/hate relationship with We're not on good terms today :(
me too, but I never survive them. Champagne w/ peach schnapps will do u in and make u yell "jaaaaayyyyy" - try it
partner, lets get it
What other #indystage show shall I see this weekend? So many intriguing choices! Too many, actually.
Responded to FIRE @ 230 Chestnut Ave, Staten Island, NY 10305. Red Cross auto update.
Just realized that you're from Racine! That's why you spend time in Milwaukee?
The book's thesis is weather caused crops to fail, but policy caused famine. Policy was very (unfairly) free market.
I hate pimples at the corner of your mouth.
awww thank u
tye dye or die
same.. the stud is really plain n butt to me now lol
chemistry grade? I'm slamming her HARDCORE during that teacher evaluation.
yeah I'm on my way there now ... You?
I am cutting myself off from the media and blog sites. Too many people losing it, I can't read one more emo comment.
The man obviously appreciates quality company:) cc
Roland! :D Of course you can probably already guess what I am going to say... thank you!
I always matter no matter what.
Are you ready for some football????
You & me both! Did you watch the get upset last night?
lol why else would my room smell like puke. i puked.
recommendations for a basic gym membership around wallingford??
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 77
i actualy saw and met da yesterday in memphis tn yezterday wit
i know but i'm trying too come bck .
Strawberry festival in an hour or so :) 🍓🍓🍓
Hi ! It's next Saturday and Sunday. Hope you can stop by!
I honestly just want to b back at school. I can't stand anyone anymore!
"Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God so that at the proper time he may exalt you..." 1 Peter 5
Definitely Was Not, But Okay RT : I'm chilling bae
RT : If you have trust in God, you have no need to worry, you will know that every wrong will be written right in time.
That's the way! Laughter will get you through anything! ; )
What's the difference between a woman with PMS and a Pitt Bull? Lipstick.
Lightner just voted against thousands of jobs that would have come with expanding the CC -- about right for this council.
“: The richest 225 people in the world have as much wealth as the world's poorest 4 billion.” Disturbing.
Why do I even make an effort to watch Mad Men's "On the next episode..."
they ran outta Lakers shirts
At animal on fairfax in LA- damn......
24 hour rule means no drinking for me, what's it mean for you?
Just had one of the most bizarre nights ever. Life is so strange sometimes. Oh, Atlanta.
I will see you on Saturday!
thx for following!
damm that sucks!
Finally caught up on #RHBH! All I have to say is... WOW.
How funky is your chicken? How loose is your goose?
Now... that's from the source...
hi, brought me here, and I think your voice is like, WOAHHH.! :D
he just told me ' i just came back from Panama . the U.S. is overrated -_-: ' lmbo he get on my nerves <3
you can also sign up at the link above by clicking "stay in touch." Trust me, you'll want to get this newsletter.
Dinner at the in-laws. Its like a warp to biblical times.
If you could file a bug with support, we'll have a look at it.
Hey , I like your face. ♥
lmao u do not!!
Kevin Costner can't help in this situation.He was in Waterworld,so he knew what to do for the oil spill.Who's been in a nuclear plant movie?
Ugh, the European teams haven't been playing too well, they are either drawing like crazy or losing. I guess this year is for the Americas.
Steve Jones, Paula Abdul and Nicole Scherzinger are no longer a factor for X Factor. The Fox music show has asked two of the "so-so...
Been putting my unlimited text to use TRE to 79922
Isn't it funny how different the personality of the Sanborn Map designs are when you change the colors & context? Bizarre..
for this summer?
It can't be! Free cookies never hurt the tummy. It was probably that water you drank, much more likely.
Good play call !
yup good ol tuscana!
#iftwitterdidnotexist - we would all have more organized closets...just sayin'
At least it's Thursday right?
it always does :)
enjoy your lunch date.
Thanks, Carl! Hope our paths cross soon.
Seems like a volcano erupts or a war breaks out where ever my parents travel.
Speaking of sharp cheddar cheese- Found #kosher certified brand today.
MY COVER IS WET!!! I SHOULDN'T HAVE LEFT MY WINDOW OPEN
School is a jail. Classes are the cells, teachers are the security guards, and we are the prisoners.
haven't been out yet but took it to #golftown in Northboro the other day to hit the #R11. Still got it. You?
I haven't seen Gossip Girl since the season premiere, so I am so fucking lost. I'm gonna go ahead and thank for this.
hehe yess ..nothing is taken for granted
And now for a round-up of last week ... while my son sings E.T. ...
's most recent Instagram picture = haha, i saw the 'No Fear Shakespeare: Romeo and Juliet'
The next round in the Damn Near Free Contest will begin soon so don't go far!
Who's coming with me on 06/16 to see and ? Attn:
Same thing! Apathetic non voters and dumb electorate didn't care to realize that Wis had America's best senator in Russ.
Lol! He knows! Be sure and don't run in circles without Him! (;
Another impressive day of hoops at the H-Town Classic..numerous coaches were in the gym today including Gonzaga and others. Day 3 tomorrow!
The 7 layers of OSI should be made into a film. Just saying...
can you sell me 500 grams of teff flour?
huh? What promise?
Can't stand (non-Apple) company or product names created by putting a lower case 'i' in front of a common word
Wow really?
Thanks so much for spreading the word! Let us know what you think of the segment.
Hmm. Our Twitter acct mostly just links to our blog posts. Wondering if we can use it for conversation, too.
he said that becuse I said "HAHAHAHAHAHA"
Very smoky... perfect for a fall day (as will be the stout that awaits as a my reward for writing work today.)
“: Faith is seeing and acting on a future perspective that is filled with Jesus.”. Amen
There will be a lmtd number of $15 + s/c lawn tix available for NICKELBACK w/ Bush for on sale tomorrow - Sat 7/28 - Farm Bureau LIve at VB
thanks for following :) have you tried posting some of you work on our app?
You, , - impressive! RT Spent my childhood listening to on 107.1, cool to meet her :)
That is a good word. I'll start using that one.
. He's been to Room 210. It was a really cool visit. His website is Chillermania. He is a one-man operation.
Taking pictures of my cat RIGHT NOW!
Had a good day, taking care of loose end. This a little weak and tired still from being sick last week
Woohoo writing a new song!! =)
HEADED TO FIRST DAY OF REHEARSAL WITH ANITA BAKER...Catch us at Radio City Hall this Sunday if u are in NYC...
RT you mean Zombea Arthur? YES! Like.
trying to colab with u and your family. Who do i talk to about that and whats your fee?
Lol.I would prefer to teach my pet rooster how to fetch a ball in the backyard.
"All I wanna do is a-zoom-zoom-zoom & a boom-boom...JUST SHAKE YA RUMP"
You are the best Kevin...Thanks for all your support
Michigan does not currently have the death penalty. It was abolished in 1846.
nope it is brunch till 2 then it is linner. The order is: Breakfast, Brunch, Lunch, Linner, Dinner, and Bedtime treatises.
I wish you could have observed this WP links migration. It was intense. I made my wife feel my pain by walking her through it.
I'm doing good, have fun in OH.
bring back the 'a book apart' shirts!
I wanna get totally wasted" I wanna get wasted every single day of my life" "I wanna get chocolate wasted" RT if U know it!!(:
My work ethic could best be described as "procrastinate as much as possible then frantically scream OH FUCK right before the deadline
Follow the kid if u follow me I'll follow u but I'm da leader lol
Got 2 b tnkfull 2 #tjmaxx they wer the only 1s who gav me a job that met my schedule W my #autistic child i can only work nights ;)
ohh you have fun too in Cali!! I'll txt yu wifeyy! Have fun getting up at the crack of dawn :)))) haha
put on an incredible show tonight in Atlanta. Pure awesome.
I went to just get a case for my phone and ended up at forever 21
The NHL returns to action tonight following the All-Star break with 13 games on the schedule. The Pneguins and Rangers Highlight the action.
yea I've seen a bunch of em... Then Ben rothesburger burger Ha
Me too. Have a great day!
Got school in the morning uhh lol
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in Washington DC Stadium July 1st-July 7th 2012!!!
Teleportation is one of the best
Come up to the nosebleed section and say hello!
Paris tonight. Sold out show!
just found out about a CPAP thats mask free nomask.com
No problem. c;
should have a short article on it, and i'll link you when it's up. thx for the RTs
Oh my goodness I hate sitting in doctor offices!
Six championships. Five MVP's. Hundreds of highlights. One awesome movie w/ Bugs Bunny. Happy Birthday Michael Jordan.
I think Bosh has his baseball now...
Twitter contest still in progress. We looking for winners!!!
Also: and anyone who works at ESPN.
We now offer retail bags of Counter Culture Coffee. Available now are 12 oz bags of Finca Nueva Armenia and Jagong Sumatra. Both organic!
Senate cmte passed education reform bill last night. Thanks, & Sen. Enzi, for your leadership, esp. on behalf of rural kids!
thanks Deb...big weekend ahead!
In contrast 2 the drawn-out CDC/PBID request 4 $ from El Cajon council, Mother Goose Parade needs just 5 min. 2 get in-kind $ help from EC
I'll see what I can do. Bribing me with tacos usually helps.
Every day may not be good... but there's something good in every day.
Too much going on w/this Scandal episode
say my name say my name when no one is around you say baby I love you 💃👍👍
about that pic of them hundreds !
I think either way sucks.... I'm single and it blows.
Just be a hipster and upload to Vimeo. Brillant!
Gratitude to and for RTs and mentions!
I could punch my alarm in the face this am
Rolling out of bed!
they locked us out, chilling in the room, you here?
The has some wicked passes, you guys should all check them out. I did the Funky Chicken.
the amount of wide open shots missed in this game has been.crazy
Why is a top news story, "Janitor earns Ivy League degree" Who cares what his job is.. he's just like any other person workin&goin to school
After this Sunday (12/18) we will pull all our Christmas merchandise off the shelves, so come get it this week!!
thanks for the RT fellas!
Day two of keto and my mouth tastes like a tin can! Also trying nitric oxide today...
LOL!!! Never thought about that! Or just got really drunk!
Mon Lung on Ashland is pretty good. There might be a Chinese restaurant on Milwaukee that's decent. Papajin?
Im a idiot....playoffs?
Sara Watkins onstage at #stagecoach but where is everybody? Either still sleeping or still partying. She just drove in from Carlsbad.
I shitlist people quick, once your shit listed its your task/job to remove yourself off that list till then don't expect socialization
Hey everyone I am casting a lead for new entourage like web series. Early 20's petite party girl...this is a reoccurring role..contact ASAP
RT : presenting at UW-Milwaukee startup workshop: telling is not selling
Yes, but I like Twitter better.
#iLikePeopleWho have followed :-)
2/3 w the Hush Sound - come on out!
yuk, I am a soppy mess :( what the
> > >That feeling you get when you feel his eyes on you!
Health lady at my job gave me a pack of lifestyles rubbas....."Ion lik lifestyles cuhz I gota big dick"
Distractions all around today. Need to
I'll tweet 3 more tweetes then I've reached 100. The last tweets will be for <3
Thank you!
I AM DONE WITH COYA !!
I#LOVE when I say something cute to Taylor,He ALWAYS says"Aw Baby Poop :)"x_x He's such a butt #Lovehim Doe P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
yeah its on!lol
I had so much fun last night! Congratulations to everyone on #Awake for a fantastic season!
that's what must've happened to mine, too.
either way works, I still get it. I'm not in yet, will be heading in soon
Awesome! RT : Congrats to Ayron Hardy just signed a professional contract to play in England!!!
Practice, practice, and more practice! No matter how talented you are, you still gotta practice!
Progress is progress! Even 1 step in the RIGHT direction is a GREAT thing!
Here at Livestrong Park to watch get a huge win over Sporting KC tonight. Come on you Timbers!
Starting my workouts again. i wish i could stop drinking soda, but my dad always overloads on soda.
I have nothing to wear tomorrow :O
According to Charlie Echeverry, senior vice president of Univision, Los Angeles, there are a lot of brands that do not understand consumers.
how the FUCK the gas station gon take $75 out my fckn account and now I have to wait 3 days to get the shxt bck. ill fckn kill them yo!
Open Jam at the Paramount Fri night 7-11 pm. Come entertain us on stage in our Historic Theatre! Sign in & wait till we call your name!
I am interviewing people.
Wasn't that E.U.?
Searching for some hot steamy pictures of tomato basil soup. Google, turn that SafeSearch mode off.
fair enough!
Today is the first OFFICIAL day of #Summer and the longest day of the year! How are you going to celebrate?
OMG. Totally read that in 2007. I have never been the same. I've read it twice since. Flaubert def. influenced a lot of peeps.
And on top of that, most of my friends like to treat me like garbage.
Preakness is about to be wild!
Can we get Uma off of #Smash please! I don't like.
$5 cover buys your first PBR
what u on jo....we grabbin the telly friday
you get $60 another bonuses (tripled money/ 300%) for JBP members upgrade
Have your antiques evaluated for $5 each on 3/3 & 3/4 Antique & Collectibles Show Proceeds benefit us!
You are too kind,
Lol im good! My band just released a remix of our song " this sinful city" on purevolume! you can download for free!!
Oh no! Don't let our office see that!
No school monday!:D huray!
dont forget its a million other people with the same dream as you
Just saw my homie Brenden... Good to see my Irish brother from another mother after five years. 👍👍👍
A good day is one spent with good folks whose notions of time are as a spacious as your own. G7
Excited you're here with us! Thanks for being a part of this great experience :)
I don't play that game. I bolted the instant the credits started to roll.
3 hour odyssey of #thenewgrill is done. Just so I can have a medium rare grilled steak on the balcony tonight for Mothers Day.
Now that is a show I would probably watch.
i wanted gasp 😲😱 and chuckle 😃 at that tweet to the "fellas". Oh Fred.
$3 Spotted Cows at BarNone tonight! 1139 N Water
They're playing lots of black music on The Mob Wives.
i havent felt this good in days
Im based for life no trading
I'm really nice, I just don't like you.
i never looked at the mirror and truthfully told myself i was beautiful. not for the sake of not wanting to be conceided.
#AlreadyTempted to break every New Year's resolution but will try to leap over every temptation during this leap year 2012.
aww thank you that legit just made my day.!!!
Do you like to sleep? "Yeah." Me too, we should try it together some time.
omg math class..lmao she still never told me
Back to San Antonio tomorrow for the weekend to spend time with family.
I forgot my retainers 😞
I wonder if John Woo just has a "dove guy" that follows him around ready at all times.
writing in the newsroom at 7 news 3:30 am-11 am, heading to a casting at 12, & then work at the restaurant!
Probably. still not 100% my mom said yes now i just need a yes from my dad lol(:
T-Minus 10 hours #Let'sGoRangers
o idk lol those guys stay behined the mask
my office has a call in to the project manager. Hope to have an answer for you later this afternoon
Lol well I didn't do the project so I'm gonna finish it..and I just don't like the rain.
Today, my heart is full and I'm so thankful for my family. And, I'm thankful that they finally went home. LOL!
Just made a montage of music to go along with 's Summer Jam artist announcement tomorrow. 1:15 of HITS.
I think I'm going to take a nap
If you've been on the site for 5 minutes and haven't had the urge to pay for anything, you're the product, not the customer.
I got shots, and I only cried twice.Im proud of myself.My right arm feels limp.Im not sure if it's from the shot or just placebo.
cause you look Latina but not like your Mexican. Lol.
Yahoo! management always saying how great the company's doing as the company does badly, really terribly, just no good at all.
Y do U jump to the front of the line to get on the bus AND THEN start to pull your money out of your wallet and count your change??
I'm happy I got to dance in the scramble light before leaving BSU. Great fun and energy there!
M. no longer wants 2 b labeled. Caroline's IRL friends & family members affect her writing & I can't speak 4 them.
I remember that. It was awesome
Had a great meeting with yesterday about supporting our efforts with ; thx to and ~Mark
why not? can we help? our online classes are stil available and we can get someone to help you register, let us know
You watching too? Or you just like the show?
There are few things in life that can't be fixed if you have a cherry popsicle.
amazing weather ☀
just bought 's new single 11:11 and i love it!! <3
I was supposed to see you but I couldn't I feel so bad 😢
follow back please? :) x
is irritable
Ditto...after this weekend, I'm so tired...
Shid Who Are We TO Judge One Another!
Everyone on Twitter got got RT : DEN and NY have encountered hangup in language in Tebow's contract that could nullify trade.
Could have stayed in the bed dang
Very happy I came to the tech startup networking event. I met some incredibly talented individuals tonight!
Ok, if Mr.Krab is a crab, who is Pearls mom?
If a screenplay is written in the woods and nobody ever reads it, was it ever really written?
how do i do that dam on the west coast
My oh my how rapidly H Street is changing.
This. RT : Don't fuck with someone's relationship, because you can't get one.
not worth it by
I just LOVE . I even use skinfood on my little 1 if his skin is acting up or we're somewhere very cold. Fixes everything
At church. Love this place =)
WHAT?!?!!?!? Why have my tweets messed up? It says I've only posted 1,019 D: I think my heart just shattered...
idk if its in theatres anymore but you can read the book
It's bath time with Lily Marie, and the farting rubber duck is back ...
RT : NBA Commissioner David Stern can eat a dick; Eat a fat black dick
It's good to have people genuinely happy for you when you do good, even if it's just two.
Proud Mama: Our furry baby Jacque finally learned how to play with other dogs! And I got it on video :) This has been 2 years in the making!
Congrats! Happy 6 month anniversary !
Would you rather kiss Justin Bieber or date Alex Constancio?
Got a new i-fone....amazing
Aye i been getting my life on track that's good glad to see u doing good.
RT : heyy wassup -- nothing much chilling watching the game.. U??
"Poor Kids Cant Afford Xbox's" =
Thanks for your support of general aviation and your fight against "user fees!" SO important to support this great community.
Going Taos tomorrow with an English class. Luhan house. Lawrence ranch.
ill txt u.
#WilliamLevy is delicious! He can do no wrong!
I hate it when I take forever to reply because I don't wanna sound stupid, but I do anyways
no doubt; congratulations on all your success, you smell terrific.
dont forget to #remindme that uhm.. oh look a squirrel ! :D
Love Bruce Springsteen. More soul than most of the so-called blue-eyed soul bros. Rip Clarence Clemmons.
It's one-on-one out there, man. There ain't no hiding. I can't pass the ball.
Great to know, thanks! RT : yeah, you can forward it to 7726 (SPAM) if you're on AT&T to report it.
On the other side of a downward spiral My love for you went viral.
playing some
My shoes match my shirt.
RT : The Brown-Forman Nutcracker opens in less than a month! Who's ready for the holiday season!?
How can your company integrate social media into traditional media to make it easy for people to share your content/brand with others?
Recently I saw someone propose at the Millennium Park ice rink. I asked a skate guard what the tally is so far this year. The answer? 10
Love how some people's feelings get hurt when u speak the truth. They don't wanna hear that so they'd rather attack you... Indirectly. Weak!
Second exciting announcement: We are opening for House of Heroes July 13th at Station 4!!!!
At home so if you wanna text me its 239 284 8475 but at least tell me who you are so i can know :)
working on drums for
So the kid just randomly bit someone he wasn't even playing with? That's even worse.
great pic of you. You are so pretty!
Hit the road to Lubbock at 5am! It's gonna be a LONG day!
14: EnergyBank by Jason Meyer - identifies investments in appliances that will give you the best return over the life of appliance
A couple women noticed my MacBook air and wanted to hold it. It's like having a puppy.
well I'm glad you didn't ;)
way to represent. Just followed
Family dinner. Trying to stay awake.
good and bad. blowout. no wade 2nd half. b team 4th. moved a block in an hour leaving. but eddy curry!!!!
"When one woman dies, one chapter is not torn out of the book, but translated into a better language." -John Donne Peace be with you Missy.
lol I am too! And yes Loni you do, that's why I didn't go for spring break cause I couldn't find anybody old enough
you need to visit Milwaukee WI!
Sick of hearing about Black Americans, White Americans, latino Americans, Asian Americans etc etc we are all Americans that live in America!
Can you be both offended by something but also think its hilarious? It's a fascinating grey area.
Hope everyone is just as hopelessly obsessed with draw something as we are.
Huge difference between response accountability and DRR accountability
RT Dang man, Messengers is such a freaking good album. August Burns Shred me to death baby! // Leveler topped it IMHO.
Already bought my playoff tix.
what's up twitter?
I don't see a lot of wins on that schedule. Even 5 seems out of reach.
Staying in the shower longer just cause waters just so Damn warm!
np! I have a really 'messy layered' psd if you wanna take a look at what I did
Almost time to eat!
BTW your the most beautiful girl in the world
In about three hours I'll be headed to EWR and beginning rehearsal for Wonderettes shortly after touch down. See you all in Jackson, MS!
The A/C is out on a canning day. It's hot.
What are your thoughts on the Monta Ellis trade?
be like that tho
Remember, Tony LaRussa "invented" it. RT : Hopefully. Such a flawed concept, the modern bullpen.RT
Shout out to him. Ur name had me laughing my ass off haha
Can we restart?
you never wished me a happy birthdaay!
ps. This weekend is needed for the gym?? Me you? Date?? I think yes!
I love Theodore. He will always be my favorite underclassman.
AHAHA don't lie RT you did NOT just imply I am a size queen
E-Resources librarians spread the #love to everyone! Scrabble is also wonderful!
Ugh please stop complain over something I have no control over
haha! If our engineer takes a trip "out to the tower" in the next few minutes, I'll know where's he headed.
what it is
I wish I had Wednesdays off.
Top Steal: Save 34 Percent On This Sophisticated Cutout Top! Business in the front, party in the back! That 's what came to mind when we
Jerry Spring is on celebrating the anniversary of the talk show that changed America. 222-6000
I agree with team needs a puck moving defenseman
correction, homework on a Saturday night<<<<
ha ya right I went home to get more booze. No nap I'm a champ.
you only rentin that hoe for the time being
my birthday is Wednesday. Think I can get a happy birthday Wednesday from you? :)
Two walk-off HRs in as many nights for the Sox. First, Jones. Now, Rios. Get involved.
Masterworks program music reflects the year at Bethel College - Bethel College News
Thanks for the tweet appreciate that
It's ridiculous - why transplants? what's wrong with us? It's not like Beaver games are tragically underattended.
I think that is the greatest tradition. Oh how I would have loved to have grown up in Green Bay!
is there anyone here who believes we should ban? If not why don't we discuss how to convert the naysayers?
Share with us what you are doing to impact the air in the Denver area #OzoneAware www.ozoneaware.org
Gorgeous day to live in San Diego, CA
I'm meeting everyone tonight
US Budget finally done.
Fizzy pomegranate lemonade. A nice way to settle my stomach.
RT fade into darkness
#IfItWasUpToMe candy paint would be standard...
Sorry, that's of course *48* hours until #THATCamp #AHA12. See you there!
When ever u call baby, ill roll up... <3's it!
Can this class be over already?
Clockin in for some OT.
It's mother's day, love you kids up!
How can I be so energized on so little sleep?
Want to knw if she like wat i gave her
You headed home for your almost-birthday? ps. Most american riflemen are more suduko people, in my experience
MT : Celebrate #OpeningDay with Sprinkles! Buy one cupcake, get one free when you wear your hat or apparel on April 6!
#truly It is only God's grace and mercy that has kept me safe this far.
good old times...good old days
only in Bend :-)
The band was Foster the People
where are you? 1989 was my year! LOL
We, as a nation, should cut our losses and ask Arizona to secede.
RT Lining up Milwaukee's best musicians for a new song I'll be recording with milwaukee's best producer &manager
better put ur party pants on for tonight. We r gettin weird!
Those demi-gods with their nine inch nails and little facist panties tucked inside the heart of every nice girl..
I'm on the cutting edge of trending. I'm the trend you haven't heard of yet. But just wait...
Italian food is the best food.
I mss you too baby, but I'll be in Terre Haute soon enough
6/11 9:10 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Chuck Nice
Control your jealousy because I cant control my temper.
I used to have ongoing zombie apocalypse dreams in high school. Those were the days!
mike check!)
Thanks for the
hahah u said u would follow me too! Lol when we hung out during the nets game!
I'm a little drunk on Fort Wayne, and high on Indiana. #LukeBryan ❤
What’s the best thing about Portland’s food carts?
Regardless of what the weather will do tonight, it was a great ride into work this morning! Happy Friday!
Sorry I've been slacking.
Hope that shows some real stones & blows up the DCU in FLASHPOINT No5. Let creators create!
Good deeds was a great movie!!!
People who think they are a bigger Mahomie than me <<<<<<<<<
you were great. Glad to see you back on my screen. What's next?
#MikeDantoni out in NY?
love that!!!!
Great to connect again, Nancy! Hope all is well
when are u due near Memphis !! My mother travels the surrounding area to see u ! U r known as "her man" in her house !
Happy iPhone day!
ya know it whore :)
Watching netflix.. Makeing it a movie night
So do we! We really appreciate the support - keep getting the word out!
sure. call or skype, you know the numbers ;).
Adam follow me please ur great
I jokes no stress,love,live life,proceed,progress!make sure the neighbors get no rest!
it was amazing seeing you last night and dont worry i wont tell anyone our little secret ;)
WOO *throws confetti*
Yes, my manager gets me a ticket to every award show
Stop making the same movie every 3 years with slight variations. Yes I'm talking about spider man, amongst others.
Crap. Something is wrong with my cell phone. Its just that...your numbers not in it.
Just threw a few KO uppercuts in the form of "Block & Report Spam". Dancing 'round ring; Rocky music....
Happy 12:32 am!!! I'm not sleepy but I don't feel like doing anything either ♥
i am still in the process of getting all of my mom's stuff in order. i'm very glad that she left me with instructions, just incase....
Dear Friday rush hour traffic, REALLY?
Thanks to Jackie P for the clothing rack for practice attire (ok, just skirts as of now) The studio is so so happy!
Much obliged! Didn't know what he topped out at on the FB...
welcome to all my new followers, if you plan to attend the MSA Expo, you can find Ciao Bella Jewelry at booth
Chilling on the beach with a brizzle. That's how I get down
Afghanistan War until 2024? I now know how people felt in 1967. #WhatIsThe Mission?
Every rose has its thorns
Claim it, plan it...you already know! Lol
#DrawSome is getting boring. Too many repeated words. and I need a new game.
depends on how many schools you use. Not many people use all 120 schools. Just use a couple conferences and 12-14 teams.
Live music tonight !!! Starts at 7.... With Kelly Riley!
should be going home to do english coursework..instead I'm going to party at ediesss;D.
you're pretty awesome, you know that?
how yall day been going?
Regional meet tomorrow
On the airwaves of Detroit until Midnight! Hit me up! ~313.298.9630
PLEASE CHECK OUT ! HE IS GREAT! U BEING SO WELL LIKED ON THE RADIO AND ALL, WAS HOPING U COULD SPREAD THE WORD!
One game away from 8,000.
In Sorry Wrong Number (1948), "trapped" takes on a new dimension w/ characters confined by imagined ills, domesticity and truncated dreams.
You can learn so much by following the right hashtag. Interested in innovation and startups...try
NO I SMELL GOD
RT : People think it’s weird I defrost my turkey in the Jacuzzi. It actually works quite well. And makes the water taste...
I am following you 0.o
Cute chick with her hair curly. She ride a dick til it get early. Her pussy clean but she dance dirty.-FM$ aha
I used to reserve that for teen mom...now I guess I have to waste two hours.
Kinda a rough day. But nothing a little bday dinner/visit from mom can't fix.
Ladies free all night ladies free al night this friday jack 21+ BYOB ONLY AFTER HOUR RIGHT BEHIND BEAMERS LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT LEGGO
totally agree as soon as our logo is done (today or tomorrow) we will have a meeting, and press release!
How come Girls thats not your be the first to get mad who told you to get attached knowing it wouldnt last
Leftover turkey + Margarita #pizza = #Breakfast of champions!
Cruising at 3mph down Mo Pac .. Love friday traffic home...
Yes Jesus loves me! Yess Jesus loves me cuz thee bible told me so!
Ive never asked for much in a relationship I just ask for honesty, someone I can trust with my life thats all ive ever wanted...
have so much going on for my twentieth year in Chicago Celebration....Join me!!!
START FUCKIN WIT ME MO ON DIS TWITTER SO WE CAN PROCEED WIT DIS TAKE OVA!
Did everyone have a great weekend?
Don't know if I can bring myself to remove from the blogroll. It might just be there forever.
I have a feeling it's going to be packed when we get there
My friends need to not live 30 minutes away anymore. Curse you, Mount Juliet. You don't own me!
Ugh quit making me jealous!
My favorite rapper is Kid Cudi hands-down.
24 is the year of plaid.
Stunning moon up in the sky tonight....oh how I love that moon!
Try each day to #improve yourself.
I guess Dawn should be jealous of YOU, She's getting your left overs. Haven't you slept with all the guys in your house?WHORE
On our way to Murphy NC! Come on out if your nearby!
i know bro its just been a ruff couple months i got somethings to settle bout a week or two ill be really ready 4 yu
Hey! How was the walk? Did you find anything at City Liquidators?
guess who's testing new version 1.7?!? ;-)
at this point in their career they'd probably just play in your back yard for a few bucks
Joyce Banda next Malawi leader, Muluzi and Law Society say | Malawi news, Malawi - NyasaTimes breaking online news source from Malawi:
I'm so excited I'm heading to for mint chocolate chip custard! That's how you celebrate #StPaddys Day!!!
"In the flow" is a great place to be!
‘I make it a rule never to get involved with possessed people.’ ~ Dr. Peter Venkman (Ghostbusters)
I hear ya. We do HIV and STD testing and hep a-b vaccination for free. That could be a gentle selling point. Free condoms too.
Whoa, I was not consulted on this. But I like it. #BabyBoyZent is officially approved. ;-)
Happy birthday love you bunches :)
: is participating too! You can eat at their cart or ours and proceeds will benefit !
Do this! “: Would you be interested in doing an email Q&A for my comedic sports blog, ?"
I think there is something wrong with me... Im doing something very unheathly... But i cant stop. I think i have bulimia.
Dick Clark died!?
Debate matchup #1: + vs. + (or reason vs. passion) re: museums must be run as businesses
#MyNFLRuleWouldBe Take the skirts off the QB's.
Celebrating 75 years of photography, sculpture, & art, join us while we tour the newest exhibits at the SF MOMA. This Sun (2/7/10) at 5:30pm
that moment when you walk in a class knowing you will fail the quizz #MichelleHelpUs lol 😜
House of lies was great tonight! The show is getting cold and deep.
Editing ep. 2 of the Bridge Podcast!
I cant wait to move out to paint my room purple
Ick... Bentley makes me wish I had my own behind-the-scenes camera to capture the thoughts of past and present "suitors"...
If I won $500 million, I'd be hiding from my family like Rick hides from zombies on The Walking Dead.
you keep telling yourself that...as long as we win one more next week.
It was a good interview. My fear in all of this is not just how the 'marketing' of the marriage issue came down, but that
Did you know that we're OPEN 7 DAYS a week?! Call/tweet us or just STOP BY! 1738 Telegraph Ave
Fighting that afternoon nap is the worst.
I like that I paid $2.99 for the Kindle edition instead of $14.95 AND got it instantly AND can read it on multiple devices.
Fayetteville tryin to put em on the map fa r&b
And that, as they say, is that.
RJ, that is a cool look for you ... The Hero Has a Thousand Faces by Joseph Campbell fits you...
no ones on my time line. omg. :(
just good ol fashioned partying
oh yeah. When I got on it, it only let me edit shit -_- I was like wthh
I wake up at the same time every night.
Its Me DeLana what kinda question is that.. And Tell me about.
Do we know who's hat is was?
Oh no. The Red Sox woke up Mark Reynolds. Look out American League...Look out.
My mom finally knows how to text lol!
very inspiring. adding PCT to my bucket list. Hope I won't need the personal trauma to get me to go - no offense! :-)
Yes, it is great, and only will get better! Keep shining, Connie.
is at today for FREE coworking! Tweet us or come by the cafe to book office hrs between 2-4pm w/ us -also free
This time won't you save me
Disappointed in those 2011 figures? TPS will get you in front of your B2B customers...guaranteed.
If you have you tongue pierced and have to get your wisdom teeth out . Do you have to take your piercing out ?!
I want to get some shoes from Bakers. Do they sell them online
Dear cold, please leave!
I'll be there! x
If I could overdose on these meds, I would right now!
Nearly 60 degrees and sunny for tomorrow - about time spring showed up in Wisconsin!
Wireless down in hotel, so relocated to Barnes & Noble. One word: FABULOCITY! Thanks and love to all.
Yup. I don't remember it being this bad when I got my CA credential. But that was [mumble] years ago.
Heading to the Warwick Mall to meet Mike ! The madness has begun !!
You got big dreams? Dreams of a new ILS. Well dreams cost but an open source ILS may be cheaper.
LinkedIn Tip for SMBs: Win new business by answering questions in your area of expertise.
Exciting to launch & look forward to following your tweets. Also coming to see you on the 4th of April.
youre a mammoth
Have FUN! You will be GRAND! && You're going to give BET aLOT of views today(:
I think I'll hang over there with all the Prima Donnas/she's kinda curvy with a booty like Michelle Obama's
Don't care but Dr Brady will have less than six incompletions.
m lunch=rice, tiny bit of butter, crumbled wasabi nori and sunflower seeds.
when i get married im not doing a thing but booking my honeymoon, getting my dress picking out the cake & picking my bridesmade & dresses.!
I have in my possession free CE cards that gives 1 free course for insurance CE- 1stcome1stserve - reply if interest
how do you know I'm a girl ?
30+ students from all backgrounds spontaneously danced the hora on SFSU plaza during powerful Hillel Jewish Culture Week exhibit & concert.
can't wait for softball to be over, wants to start going to the gym again! :-)
The Walking Dead just crushed me... Can't believe Dale died!!!
i deserve every bit of this brownie batter ice cream!!
looks that way. NBC is picking a few New shows that look good, they they will probably get canceled mid season.
Yeah and then I got home and I'd promised to help my sister with a tree mural for her daughter's birthday.
come over!
Ohh baby baby.. Lol these girls are so young!..
“: A very Russian day. Reading Dr. Zhivago on the bus. Schi for lunch. Wearing Fabergé earrings.”
''The Security Implications of a Shifting News and Media Environment",Conference in Ottawa 21-22 feb.
lol sorry officer
She's tripping it's all due before June 4th, I doubt that.
Holy shit, in less than 24 hrs we'll be on our way to our shooting location for !!
;( where are you
lol yea that nigga was a Damn heathen
Umm I think your big Mac missed your mouth and took a shit on your previously stained pro-club...
Work till 10 blah
putting together my flash UI template together for my final project, anyone have any good sites for actionscript help?
love u even more now!! Can't wait!!! You represent a new level in life for me
Tonight: 'Contagious Behavior' at | Ladies, receive Open Champagne Bar by texting the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 |
I'll DM you it in a little while I have to go but I will be right back!
Definitely, thanks, I love learning across disciplines:
I WANT TO SEE
Omg, I'm so fucking sick of you!
“: April 12th is National Grilled Cheese Day” yum!!!
So much inspiration for my "Beauty Meets Decor" blog feature
thanks for the follow :) you're talented.
Anyone else out there that is right handed with left leg dominate. Strange combination.
thanks - that was impetus to finally getting around to fixing some defunct links in that technical debt post. :-)
Thx for the FF! Have a great weekend!
I'd never get anything done
Agreed! Such a great game! Can't wait for the next one. Loving our Mavs!
Mary Nell Bryant speaks on developing Leg Library of Liberia. Think about a library with no running water, electricity, phone lines.
Hey, lay off USAir - they gave me a WHOLE CAN of Diet Coke on my flight this afternoon!
I believe the word you are looking for to describe turkey is "jive".
Feel free to DM or email me too! Good luck :)
Icing my calf
bro, its not starting stuff if all you do is ask a question.
Movies with :)
Rise and shine! Hope everyone has a wonderful and productive day.
It's okay, it makes it easier to concentrate on work.
hey does hall govt have any plans for all hall?
Sorry ladies i know im so random ahaha
“YOLO“ Isn’t a reason to be a slut.
why wait till you grow up? you can be a breakdancer now
Welcome to our fair city! When are you opening? :-)
I may not know the content of scenes, but I now know of their existence, and that is almost as much of a spoiler.
omw to you guys. Be there in 45 :)
Big Holiday Wishes to All! May 2012 bring world peace. We will only have world peace when we care for the poorest of the poor.
Excited to be participating in #citimark event supporting #best buddies. Will be a fun day!
haha! Well it looks good in my room (;
Christopher thanks for the follow,) Jonni Armani
Eventually two things will happen. Either he'll realize you're worth it or you'll realize he's not.
If we have ice this winter! Sounds great.
It's hot! What should I do!
The Girl Scouts advertised on RL's program? Ick! I don't think I can ever eat another GS cookie again.
My favorite weekday, it's FRIDAY eve!!!!!
Not sure what to think about getting tix for Evanescence show. I feel kinda old... but in a very goth, chic, My So Called Life kinda way.
preordered mine today as well!
Rise and shine... Well, can't sleep in today. Time to find some work!
I so hope so!! Kurt did awesome and I think he will definitely make it! :)
cambridge bound, where you at ?
This is the day that the Lord has made. Let us be glad and rejoice in it.
Obnoxious people at the movies #must be stopped
Someone better wake me up tomorrow.
Songs and the memories that go with em
RT : Apparently the Badger defense was one of the things that got cut from UW under Walker's budget?
Just for you and Zach #ZachAndRobertAreHereToo !!!!!!
Fox leaves the "House" after 8 years. Those re-runs will give us home-sweet-home for decades to come, healthy or not.
I agree is the best! Easy to use + allows a sm biz owner to increase their likes, tweets, followers quickly.
Merry Christmas phillies....
It's snowing bitches !!
Haha, you won't forget that date! Thanks, Clayton!
In case you haven't noticed, my Twitter hiatus is over, and I'm loving it. In other news, this is a very productive day for me.
Sitting in my hotel room in NY watching the game with 8 million New Yorkers. The streets are pretty quiet.
When will stupid children learn?
Glen Beck is not a Christian.
Make it happ'n, Capt'n!
Daz Ravage has unlocked the achievement "Cream of the Crop" in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
Happy Birthday! :)
and #ifyouknowmeyouknow that #iknowthatyouknow that they will always be the #bungles until Brown leaves.
someone shoot me if i ever start posting Garfield or Ziggy cartoons.
she's really sarcastic tho so ya lolz
he was ready yesterday, Compared to our QB performance of last year.
BacOn egg and cheese is the only thing keeping me up
In honor of March Madness, wish I could do a tourney of backlist digitization vendors and just have them go at it . . .
Hi Scott, haven't heard from you in awhile!
God uses pain to bring peace.
been talking to him al morning. <3
Hoes stupid as hell and the shit make me laugh
Have a question? Ask us something!
please follow me!!
yo fam i go through it we all do just let it come to you..
I mean I fuckin love !!!!!
At ready to present on !
Sounds like the greatest thing ever. Or not. RT : This fried Koolaid scares me.
much love to - happy to hear yall are as excited about as we are xo
Making the whole bus for the field trip stop because you had to pee so bad that you were on the verge of tears
Parkrose Auto Center buy #junkcars and sell usedcars now.#used or #junk vehicle taking up space could be turned into money.Visit Us Today!
Belly dance to good health
A bad way...I'm just not calibrated for this kind of wine atm. I usually really like Seghesio Zin but it's too much for me 2nite
Lol yeah he came by and crashed the Library celebration for a few minutes at Doug Fir. :
God chose me to be an Actor, isn't that awesome:) with him anythings possible;)
Happy to see #BCEagles get their second win today - still must
If you are not following alum on Instagram, you are missing all the Antarctic penguin and sea lion fun!
should we start trending #SeacrestMadeUsDoIt?
Had a ice coffee for the 1st time by myself wednesday & i couldnt take it.. Too much caffeine for me
Me too especially when Pujols was still a Cardinal.=(
OK, whoever is behind dozens of emails from "Mensagem Automatica" in the last few days, please STOP!
“: I love curly hair!” it looks awesome!
classic :D
Pretzel fight with my cousin!!!! U going down stacy!!!
Conaway speaking now. Landers and Pugh are also present. Rolley slated to arrive. No word on Blake or others.
go follow he is truly " one of the sweetest people ever"
OMG yes I hate wearing clothes lol
I'm sorry but I get obsessed very quickly with guys on youtube, especially hot ones
say hi to
haha! saw that picture of prince with the tongue out - hilarious. Please send that for your "montage" - haven't forgotten you!
The Royals should have won that game
I still got love for you! SNARRF SNARRF
Oh and these gals are pretty rad
The world will end in 5 minutes. Please log off.
that's my girl [:
22nd Ward Alderman Ricardo Munoz () will be addressing Latino Professional’s Networking Reception.
Raining buckets in downtown Greensboro.
hold strong. its go pay off in the end
Had a great time talking w/ this morning about producing a new video in prep for our fundraising gala this spring!
I don't compete,I defeat
"Before 1D spoons were just spoons, nandos was just nandos, carrots were just carrots...cats were just cats & mirrors were just mirrors."
Need a challenge? Sign up for a 1/2 marathon and use this training schedule that not only do I recommend, but use too. www.Run4Purpose.com
where u think ur going young lady haha
5 button mouse support added in #VirtualBox 3.1.0! The best desktop vm software just got better!
The most interesting information comes from children, for they tell all they know and then stop.
The next episode of Misfits looks AMAZING!
y am i losing followers wtf
The keys are great and very laid back dep on which island. Orlando is great for the parks and you are only 1 hour from the beaches.
Really, blackstrap mollasses is carcinogenic? Where does he get this info?
get em fellas
bitch I hate you(:
I love my prom dress!!!😍
i just clicked the follow button...22 more to go!!
Awesome job with Lovebug!
. #goodward5news --> trash/litter being cleaned from #ivycity this morning! Looking good!
No way, NYC has to be #1! LA only if the person is behind the wheel, lol.
I did better then I thought
And awesome customers! Thanks for the shout-out!
you are $sweet too :)
HEY BEAUTIFUL....
that shit in my quincy hood!!! Memorial day launch!!
am waiting for 2NE1 GoodBye Stage
If man (and by man I mean me) could sustain life on cheese curds alone (and by sustain I mean not get fat/have a heart attack) he (I) would.
Game time!! Let's go Patriots!!!
We raised $10 for children in Africa! 25 cent for one school meal... so 40 meals!
You know you're #ObsessedWithSPN when I keep toggling back and forth between work and Twitter... geh... Fridays...
PLEASE DISREGARD ANY JUNK TWEETS FROM MY ACCOUNT: I DO NOT SOLICIT OR ENDORSE MAKE MONEY FROM HOME OPPS. OR STALKING THANK YOU - JMRESHAW
thank you (:
follow back please:)
Brazil? More like No-Bras-ill! #AmIRight?
Thought I'd stay the whole time
Orange Saturday
I love this movie!
if im still looking in three months...shoot me!
I have the perfect playlist. Just one track, called "The Soothing Sounds of Silence." Sounds like me snoring. ;-)
my bed looks so comfortable but i know if i fall asleep i am going to miss my next class and it is the last day of classes
Remote Virus Removal...Only $24.99....
Haha, sadly no. Just a long day ahead. Running some workshops for CWSF at work today.
Same! I would retweet Christine but I don't want more ppl to read that article!! Not accurate portrayal at all.
rain stopped it.
I'm selling furniture. Pls help me spread the word. Thanks!
Sorry that sometimes my words quickly turn to blades...
I saw her! She was awesome! I'm putting money down that she goes far :)
Why does the right think an employer's religion trumps an employee's? Do they think so for Jewish or Muslim or Hindu or atheist employers?
Dear US government, When I run up my credit cards, I DON'T take out another one, triple my spending and force my boss to pay me more.
Tweet Me Maybe ?
thank u. I definitely need sleep soon.
Thanks for checking out our band! WOOT WOOT :)
I need motivation to wake up!
#perecki Lovely, a bit crowded. Can't see the text from here Have to assume it's ok on poster.
Today? And what is the topic?
Buahahaha! Yea that did sound bad! Lmao!
Here's to us!
Rocky Horror Ostrich Show
Sometimes those who need it the most are motivated the least.
Maybe the W Hotel will fall on the TX state legislature
Why I know this year has gone quickly: It's time for #ArtAllNight this weekend.
#HappyBirthdayTommoTwins !!! those are the cutest little girls ever! I hope they have a great year and get everything they want <3
EFG team strutted down the aisle for the NM coalition of charter schools conference dinner. We have now joined the charter movement
all of his songs are good
Going to Bear Creek Festival, representing the Coolin' System in Florida!!! Gonna tweet all weekend about this great FunkFest!! So pumped!
57 Long days til warped tour! Omgg hurry up!
Thank you, for your AWESOME international customer service -- the rep who solved my problem tonight was outstanding!
Never got use to nighas that was use too
Have a safe trip to Prague I hope you have an insane time. Keep your followers posted on your magical adventure.
Catch colleagues , + 's Mark Hahnel at this week's #scio12. They'll be speaking a/b data +
Well, today is pretty much a waste.
“: No matter how strong a girl is, she always has a breaking point...”
It's Monday. Lower the bar.
Now who ever took a video of that show me cause there were too many fiends standing up for a nigga to see
hey follow me how about? tell all yalll friends
that's actually interesting I always wondered how much hair I had.
signed up to be EFF Cooperating FOIA Reviewer; hope to be useful.
lol just call us amber ill tell you over the phone
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Abbot's Pizza Company - Pizza (live updates)
Hey boys. Dm me. Im hard
We can't be good enough for God to love us. That's what the Pharisees missed. They didn't understand God loves us already.
Ask the right people the right questions and you will always get the right answers.
hahaha what you doing? hows your mom?
mousaka will always be a classic favorite
lol some episodes but how they die is crazy
Include me in your
Flaco Jimenez comes to L.A. May 4th, 2012. More info soon...
Thanks for sharing! Will check it out!
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3
i think it is you who is mistaken... spring is not here, winter just hasn't arrived yet!
Have you never been here before? I think you'll enjoy it! Have your tickets yet?
#Brewers !!! Stop in for a slice before the game!
On the Jason Mraz song 5/6, is that the time signature of the song? The time seems sort of different/off.
Some people can't take a damn joke and it's annoying
Aw they made it? told them to pay you a visit 😌 RT : I got Blue Jays in my backyard. How about you ?
Any special requests today for lunch? See what I can do for you.
You guys, something epic is up on the blog tomorrow!!! ;) This will be worth sharing.
MATT FLYNN IS OFFICIALLY A SEAHAWK! YES! YES! YES! YES!
I would have faked an injury after the first one, an would definitely consider retirement after the second one. Haha
And I think I'm going to try my hand at making homemade donuts this year. Anyone have any tried & true recipes for cider or pumpkin donuts?
We do all Smogs Regular and Test Only visit our website for our coupon www.MorenoValleyTestonly.com
“: Great to have Chesterfield University's Chief Learning Officer, Kevin Bruny Live Tweeting from Va SHRM Conference #VASHRM12” tnx
Out wit my nigga Los
Bill: My sister has lovely long red hair all down her back.Will: Pity it's not on her head.
Newsflash: The Premium Reserved and Premium General Admission sections are officially SOLD-OUT! Do you have your tickets to yet?
We will need to get some good food. And drinks. lots of drinks
exactly. The area I live has a lot of gay couples and they r free to show affection without be criticized.
I have a man crush on Mario Chalmers and I'm not afraid to admit it
Brad Eldred recalled from Toledo after Tigers unconditionally release Brandon Inge.
everything!!! And then some!
I'M THE ONLY DEREK AROUND HERE GODDAMNIT.
omg stfu already
Dear lawn people at newtown, it's 830 am on a Saturday in summer
RT : Sunday Best Season 5: June '12 in ATL! ... Info on how to get FREE TICKETS COMING SOON!!!!! RT
I missed the 2009 Kings of Convenience too, but really loved the first two! Awaiting your approval...
Fred Hammond's new CD - God, Love & Romance does not disappoint it is really good.
#kids Grand Prairie AirHogs Meet-and-Greet and Charity Softball Game at QuikTrip Park, Sat, May 12 4:00p: The Grand Prairie AirHogs, the...
RT : New cheer for football games starting Sunday! Stay tuned for instructions coming later today!
welcome to Twitter!
#onlyinthehood do you do your grocery shopping at the liquor store
Yay I'm off work :)
Can needles replace the need for medicine? What are your thoughts on acupuncture?
Bye Lamar maybe the Mavs can start winning
Hey Danny! Twitter is better when the #Cubs are playing!
Working late tonight!!!
Feels good. Ditto. :)
Where are you playing tonight??!
always stay positive my friend you're a blessing to the packers even if you're on the sidelines...glad to know everything is ok!
Baseball is back!! Heading down for the Rockies home opener. GO ROX!!
When you accept somebody, you accept their past too. Don`t hold it against them later.
JanProSac offers financing at 10%! And 0% to Veterans! You are right. Set aside one years worth!
Your a beautiful girl with a beautiful personality. I barely met you but your already badass to talk to<33
are the photos from the Richmond Virginia shoot up yet? How do I find mine? Thanks!
I have to pee!!
Hell yeah
sometimes my additional "knowledge" was frowned upon by other interpreters
#RememberRapWhen #Bustarhymes and #MissyElliot where doing them crazy videos in trash bags etc.
The human voice resonates differently than anything else in the world
Ready for school to be over. 😁
2 successful radio events, now lunch/dinner and off to rock the mic for the #working!
apparently the girl that hit ashley is in our grade and her names madi and she looks like man lmao .
Hey Frank, I got my capoeira name! "Monge" (monk) :)
I got caught sleeping in World History. I'm tired af'.
follow back?
Rainy days are perfect for football at home...
Just realized i cant wait for summer 2012
Good seeing you on course at the #OpOliver 5k!
Can you follow me???? I just followed you!!!!!!
hahaha and what do you think??
#BereniceBejo has a hot accent. She won't win, but I'll enjoy looking at her all night.
Need hair ideas for prom? Fan of Jerseylicious? Check out my interview w/ from Jerseylicious in the NC available tomorrow !
Every gas station in Memphis accepts EBT.
