by the way the new song is already on itunes.... Just incase you didnt know
We'll be hanging out at the houston press' menu of menus tm night at 7-10 pm at spring street studios.
I wish I was special.
an eye-opening tweet, much appreciated.
Rivers must of threw his arm out after last weeks shoot out
#GrindingSeason is never-ending. Remember - good things come to those who wait, but only things left by those who hustle.
I forgot what I put on Mom's card with the flowers until she just texted me about it. "Thank you for birthing me."
i miss him /:
good afternoon, tweeples. how is everyone doing on this #manicmonday?
Don't be JUDGING other's taste in music... ;)
That does seem to be what it boils down to, sometimes.
“: God knows our feelings. It's just that we have to open our mouth and heart when we wanted Him to listen. PRAY!”
The sun is coming up as I fall asleep... Oh what we do for film production.
I really want to see the avengers! So many hot men too look at ;)
your not nice lol
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 12
i don't think i can ever live alone. 21 and still #afraidofthedark lol
Injured Zaheer Khan out for Day 2;
It was fabulous! 275 attended & 2 undocumented college students spoke at the Q/A session. Very moving: thanks!
and then he died.
By the time you get home tomorrow, the tulips will be out. Have fun!
Ready for the weekend!
thank you ... that was kind of you
thank you!
R.I.P. 2 My grandpa' Joe..... I will always remember how you taught us boys to become men & take care of your family!!
diners. drive ins n dives.
considering that, I wonder how early people will be lined up for the 100 free John Cusack signing tickets tomorrow. Haha!
cause u weren't following me
Making first recipe from cookbook: devils food cake. Would prefer less oil, but hope my Girl Sout troop will love it!
i hate to be the facebook police in class when im TAing! but i have to, so at least i try to do it with style, or humor, or both...
Sorry I missed that!
Thanks for terrific blog class you gave yesterday for Web Manager University!
Let's get those runs back !
It's #AprilFools i so don't wanna be in this house with all the pranks that are about to be happening great!
I'm sorry to inform you that is a liar. Ipad is not for sale. I'm gonna smack him now.
No no no.... I don't want snacks but you can gimme meat pie or scotch egg... lol
yeah, i'm gonna start doing that too now -_- lol i just hate when people SAY they are going to do something but never do -_-
agreed! MT excellence of NBC's Doc Emrick is a beautiful part of playoff hockey, esp. in Game7! As good as there is, in any sport
tweeting like a 14 yr old girl quoting her favorite songs. "It's like this song was written about my life!!"
My 100th follower will get a song named after his/her twitter name on my next album.
In Deluth Minnesota today. Last show of the US tour!
And my mother is always right..
We should probably go see this in costume.
Check in on Foursquare during April to receive $15 off a deluxe detail!
I used to love running, then I got fat and quit. That might be the other way around.
ha! good point. From now on pre-2000 will be coined "old school" :)
that last vid was the bomb yo... keep up the good shit!
LOLL silly girl I heard what I heard and you said what you said :)
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
RT : Poison singer Bret Michaels, contestant on 'Celebrity Apprentice,' in intensive care after brain hemorrhage
Dying to jam it up again.....
Thanks for letting me know about "Dan" confusion- I'll correct it!
Thanks for the RT!
thanks for letting me know! Thatis weird someone would do that!
Unfortunately no. Those commercials are not what I would consider fat folk friendly or Fcubed as we like to call it.
Couldn't be more happier for #Flyers leaving #610wip. They got treat like crap past couple weeks being past over for
The things that go thru my mind at work 😉
It will rain by bruno mars describes the way i feel about you
What else would we be doing? RT : How many of you out there are spending your Friday evenings reading FEC filings?
#inspiration. Winston Churchill said, "We make a living from what we get. We make a life from what we give.
some things seem to gain clarity from a distance, others simply vanish
This Weds dont 4 get 2 come out 2 BROADWAY BAR. Dj Mystik video mixing & Peter Blue hosting the party. 21& up welcome!!!
Your belt buckle weighs more than three pounds
Yeah...I really need to stop buying DVDs...
i don't understand why i didn't drink coffee in high school?! i sure as hell could have uzzzzzed it....
Last night in LA. Waking up super early tomorrow to drive up the 5N.
OBAMA keeps #winning by interrupting the Apprentice show with the news of Osama’s death. Do you think Trump will enter the race now?
so i may have gone a little overboard at the sale on today
feel me RT“: #Scorpio's are awake while they sleep.”
About 27 hours away from the next Apple event & I don't know what to expect. What will happen?
Especially for you: Happy New Year! From the President/CEO of Nivula Innovative Designs
Thank You Notes! #jimmyfallon<OVER THE LIMIT12>
you too Dose... would love to see you battle in NY. hopefully I can make it into Canada by summer time for WD3
oh awesome! that's pretty cool. when do you head out to SD?
Good morning friends! Question of the day: Do you allow your kiddos to sulk after they have been disciplined?
Hey, excited to have you joining us! Many welcomes!
Beth Williamson explores connections between private life and the idea of public inclusion for the disabled.
We are all a little weird and life's a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours- Dr. Seuss
People are SO terrified of the creativity, bravery,and talent of Lady Gaga right now.What is the deal?Everyone is crumbling in her presence
I am going straight home. This never happens. I am so very excited...and sleepy.
I'm still fuuugggeeedd up from last night.
STOP. MURDERING. MY. PHONE. unless you're gonna tweet me of course
Spitta... RT : I like my girls in sneaks instead of sandals
Bloody Bloody LaToya Jackson
Bob Marley is in the Tea Pot Lounge....come while it is still here...
Do I seriously look like I'm 22! #feelsoold x_x
Thx for RT's and mentions!
It's a rough day when my hardest decision is what color to get my nails for my pedicure. I love vacation!
hahahaha hope you did well girl!!
oh you can see easily, we will show you!
Coloring, washing and treating my hair for the past 3 hrs, now to figure out a color for my nails
Have an internal alert protocol to decide what to do when crisis happens
Hi Barbara, thanks again for agreeing to review KN's book for LPR. I've confirmed that there will, in fact, be a second review, too
learned about bugs that upon becoming sexually mature, replace their digestive system with a reproductive one and cannot eat or drink. awful
I struggle and I get upset, but I'm trying so hard not to let it get to me. My faults make me who I am and I can only embrace them
Idk why I'm even surprised... We all have that one friend who never follows thru with plans
RT : I would rather be shot then sit here and listen to these army storied -- lmao be nice
Launching the store today at 5:00! Stop by to see handcrafted jewelry, shirts, & wire wrapped rings. All proceeds are considered donations!
It all makes more sense now. I wash fighting for you. I was fighting for me...
Flying to LA tomorrow. Picking up my new ride. Can't wait. Driving it back to PHX on Sat!! Top Speed in Mojave?...120mph? 135mph?
Who is the pretty lady sitting next to at the Lakers game?
Lol u r crazy
Because people have no thoughts to deal in,they deal cards,and try and win one another's money.
Gypsy's having a shoot today 1:30-2:30 at R&11 across from Shoki. Come say hi!
ur welcome now let's have a mothers day session
Yay! Can't wait to hear!
Since time heals all, is it fair to say trust is healed with time?
#DailyRebellion: Appreciate the woman in the mirror for what she can do, not just how she looks.
I love twitter. 15 minutes ago everyone loved Crow. Now, he's the worst pitcher in the league
cool I'll bring mine!!
dum bored chillin out side with brittney with our cuzin jah jah getting lite out side playing football
Awesome! Nickelback = window licking.
“: #Taurus is the type to say "We're breaking up" to your face. Ballsy.” yup.
Who think #QRcodes should be in-home on the inside of an #eCommerce flap?
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to learning more about your wines and olive oil!
sprinkles Inc. For fergie
All I wanted to do was come home and lay in my bed
ya right!!!!! Don't even front...“: Giving up drinking for #lent sucks sober fridays blow”
All In
I was in the same city as & and I didn't even know it. fml -___-
Money is burning a hole in my pocket and #bloomingdales is having 20% off!
Yes, Al Latta was there in all his toupeed resplendence.
Creating Digital Landscape in Vue7 I love the program but sure wish it would render scenes faster
yeah :\ okay. Just making sure :)
Convicted by idea that we tack "in Jesus' name" at the end of all kinds of prayers w/o really thinking about what that means
I love buns...on my head
that sounds like a good reason to switch to Finale! ;-)
Good morning Tweeps and good morning #SouthFlorida - 600 followers and growing fast, thank you so much!
Yes Please Follow Me :D
HELLO BARBIE hope ur new year is gettin busy with what u love!
Happy birthday, o fellow redhead. I love you.
Congrats to Daytona 500 winner! Way to go!
what about kelly clarkson's stronger?
CURRENT THURSDAYS presents MODELS & BOTTLES w/ DJ LION L 15 Models hanging around the VIP Section....come say hello :)
RT : Winners keep winning because they keep doing the necessary somethings to win!
Ive been in a windowless room all day. Is it sunny yet? I feel like a lazy groundhog....
"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss you will end up among the stars..."
how dare you!!!!
New surveillance video of soldier being attacked shows a closer shot of one of the suspects who beat soldier in Interbay neighborhood.
i wish there was a mini golf course with 69 holes. not to be awkies but like i think mini golf courses are too short. hah
“: #ccinkc Are you all going to Members Club or back to parking? Cc: ”
Right. Me, too. "Maybe the reason for (Hunger Games') success is simple: it makes teens feel both victimized and important." -David Denby
playing with twitbin...
lmao i was twalking you hahah i make up the best twitter words :p
“ people talk so much shiet behind ur back but when they with u they act like the ur bestfriend smh stupid bitch”
anytime! When we stand together we win!
Portland friends - any restaurants, bars, recs for things to do there?
The only way her heart will mend is when she learns to love again.
ahahaha. It's really a great piece, Frannie.
Then he requested that I post a video of me burping. Hahaha. Weirdo.
thanks for the URL! more art is always good i say even if the world doesn't need anymore : ) really lovely stuff there
Just thinking about yesterday, got me rollin'. :D This shiz cracks me the heck up.
ok packers, slow down and save that for next week
I forgot that Jonathan Lucroy only ever had 83 PA in A. Gives me more hope for a breakout.
Bitch, please. Even Jerry is bigger than you, so you better shut up.
Today is just awkward .
You cannot move into a true healing until you are willing to let go of your story.
A- moment in my life i'll never forget...when A- will be unmAsked
Let me know if you can't get that NYCLU data as CSV and I'll help you scrape it from the PDFs
yes ma'am :) I have something going on with nursing on Wednesday so she let us come in today
Oh yeah everybody loves homework! (she said sarcastically)
Mon Karate& break dance,Tues. musical theatre,Wed Church, Thurs Karate- now know why my parents rejoiced the day I PASSED my driving test.
Good Morning! I hope everyone is having a great day.
Thanks Terri!
City snatch victory from United w/a Man U extra time special. Love it!
#Remix Madonna vs. Avicii – Girl Gone Wild
Great seeing you today & continuing to talk about & !
The harm is not just if Canada Post wins its suit; harm is already done if the filing of the suit even passed the smell test w/ CP's counsel
#MakesMeLaugh RT : After #cmgrUN and sharing pickles & vodka, If I adored you anymore would be uber jealous!
If Louisville and UK were to meet in the Final Four, all you'd hear about leading up would be about both coaches.
Congrats rangers for moving on and about to get your asses kicked... Have fun
SOOP LOADED RIGHT NOW LEFT #BEAMERS NOW HEADED 2 DENNY'S
I hope the heat lose
you got me!
im so sorry i cant make it to your concert </3 :(
Thanks for the tip. (Actually, the Reconciliation & the 2nd Indochina War post is perhaps the one I'm most proud of).
Im so angry.
I feel like I'm the only one freaking out about the hottie of the week. I love <333
===You were so awesome..HELL! What am I saying? You are awesome!!! You did that!
thanks David! And Amy and Brandon!
unless he goes without a loss, I think you have Lynn fortify the bullpen. Remember 4 of his wins come against Cubs and Pirates.
Only wearing 1 sports bra
thanks my dear. #
Lmao as I watch this video of and dancing. Yall better work.
Today begins Day 2 of our Cleveland-based Portal Admin training! check out updates & photos here throughout the morning
yeah but you're tagging me in it!!!
My website profiling before and after mixes coming soon.In the meantime pick up that record "Theme Music" by D.A.P on REALIZME ENTERTAINMENT
I know I've said this before, but the "Keep Calm and . . ." variations HAVE. TO. STOP.
Super sad sittin in the airport right now
The Bus Stop Public Art Presentations are Thursday at 6 p.m. at Bay View High School Auditorium! Looking forward to seeing everyone there.
I hope so! I'll keep my fingers crossed.
IS HE!!!! “: My niggah in there goin to work!”
Ms. Roberta, hoping you're having a fabulous birthday, lady!
haha no not at all!
word of the day: agora
Maybe i've found a full band now. Pretty cool stuff.
Three youngsters merge their great minds to produce award-winning video
Jason Dufner eyes first win in New Orleans
2 White powder scares hitting PDX right now. One at airport, one downtown. Get the latest on FOX 12 now.
The way to a man's heart? Through your Netflix account, duh.
Wine Down Eugene - Eugene Daily News
I holler at you!
I hope not, but I'm starting to sneeze, smh..
Good things come to those that wait. Patience is a virtue #WaitOnTheLord Prayers up - Blessings down, I love him do u? (Kevin Heart voice)
How has branding evolved since the Mad Men era? Join this free, on-demand webinar to find out!
#nccetl les foltos of PeerEd says you can have islands of excellence but only by having person teach. Trust/are down the hall/on site-person
~Humpf, I just spent my Saturday lost in your blog. Humpf~
If you Dont Show for Court. I would Rather take you off your Job just for PISS OFF factor.What Goes Around Comes Around.
Nobody is perfect but you're perfect for me
Marriage is not just a religious issue. It's a contract w/legal rights. Govt has an interest by definition.
The Real Tom Ford has clearly found the real Fountain of Youth. I die.
I love Konshens!
My TL is officially as dry as cracked chapped lips.
Some habits die hard.
He has no idea...
Super worried and can't stop thinking about the what if's.
You're 14. Stop taking pictures of you thinking your sexy & captioning it "I don't like this dress, what do you guys think?" -.-
OH : "Process: that's our thing"
you r soo lucky u say ryan in the tinychat!
Our predictions are on many radio shows, podcasts and newsletters - thanks Cassia! Sign up for our free newsletter!
Too Much Temptation Can Turn You David Ruffin
well if you would put my name I would be honored :-)
If you didn't hear it with your own ears or see it with your own eyes, don't invent it with your small mind and share it with your big mouth
Cant wait to see tonight !!
and now my twitter background looks stupid. goddammit.
For the love of SAX. The joy of it, too. Come down 2 the ABQ Museum Amphitheater 4 NMJW's Jazz Under the Stars TONIGHT! You have 30 minutes.
alright, I'll try my best! :)
good cause I was gonna bother u anyways
Create music with one and rehearsing with another ghost writing is fun too. So far this year is so fly.
So dude with the dog(who was in the wrong to start with)pulled out the burner...killed them.smh
“: #shoutout and kisses to my first follower ever ” aw thank ya babe. :-)
no problem, i gotta keep a Supaahstar happy :)
>>mmmmhm will dew...n u too dough!!!
Come on #blues you useless c***s
"We are the first generation that can be both the creators and the owners of the media at the same time." - Smith
oh yes~> RT Walk On By-Isaac Hayes. Every version of Bacharachs song's classic, but Black Moses takes it to whole new level
pee soup maybe?
Busy morning. A very serious crash on East94... and a fire at a Mpls business. Watch 45 local news at 7 for the very latest reports.
Beers and RockBand are popping off at Ratio HQ! Happy Friday everyone!
If I can find and kill 3 more Metal Slimes in Google Maps 8-bit, I'm gonna level up. What does this mean?
They are the best.
Excited about talk at #DevIgnition by Wonder if its going to featuring the #Scala greatness is Play 2.0
Good Morning #COSprings, I am in the office doing some paperwork and I will be out the door by 10 am... on to a awesome weekend.
feel better soon man!
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds. Franklin D. Roosevelt
Things change people change!
Wis. elections board orders recalls for four Republican senators, dates uncertain
Boosie innocent, huh?
so the Red Sox won a game automatically means they are on the turnaround. Sound bias there ESPN.
a message just popped up on my phone: shortcut battlefield duty created. umm, weird.
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE $5 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED DJ DEEZ & MIKE DEAN KITCHEN OPEN 21+ YOUR SAFETY IS OUR PRIORITY
Obey'Gang ^____^
I have to bring the trophy home!... Jk I'll be back Thursday night
You made my point: current climates & constituent landscape is far more complex than most comprehend. So easy strike: condemn all
I appreciate your stand for christ! Keep it up bro
thank you for all you do for us. You work so hard. Just remember, we're here for you and we're never gonna leave. Ily Ryan :)
Oh, now I get it. Yes I am slow, I don't get this twitter thing!!!!!
Happy Monday everyone.... any good news out there to report?
It just came back. And luckily Loyola is almost done. If it was last week would have been a major disaster. Hope noone lost papers
dang it's HOT!
$5 per gallon is a great deal in this economy!
Dominate on 3!!! Clutch INT
Dang, must have escaped my notice due to their not having the word 'Airship' in their name.
It's always so cold in here 👎💨😁
TY!!! RT Follow the greatest people
Staring at a blank page and 1,800 words to go... So full of possibility and yet so full of dread.
Do what you love. Love what you do. Plan something positive when your day seems to be surrounded by the negative.
just pop a little bit during takeoff and touching down.
Matt Flynn, paging Matt Flynn...Les Miles calling.
CBSLA: An appeals court has ruled that Proposition 8, a voter-approved ban on gay marriage, is unconstitutional.
RT : Keith Lockhart (BBC Musical Director) talks to Sean Rafferty about #StreetScene tomorrow - @ 4.30pm on
Thank you for releasing more #JasonWu dresses online today!
what's wrong :(
With its location at the corner of Sisson and 28th St., is super convenient to the JFX. Right between offramp and onramp!
but I'm really into this fanfic I'm reading idk why.
Today's Lesson: You better live on your own terms, 'cause you may not go out on your own terms.
Eww filled with old ass raaaaaachet people... how's that old blonde bitch that fingers herself? She reminds me of a saggy old ass cow.
love your top though, infinite jest is on my TBR for this year, MUST FINISH
I must be tired...I just carried my cup of #coffee with me to the shower
oh sweet mother of capcisin! We were in Pecos a few weeks back, but it's much better to bring 'em home where you can do 'em right.
Erie was the best place to study abroad!!
Sometimes, watching #Maddow is astonishing in watching applied research. She and her staff are first rate.
It had the potential to royally blow. It didn't. Not even a little bit.
Beer makes one a better programmer. Maybe Sudafed/Benadryl/et all work the same magic? Worth a shot.
Reading Pinocchio to my niece
I can't sleep and i have to wake up at 6...fml"/
And never the twain shall meet was invented to prevent connections like that.
Can't recall a time where i was invited to a party and got ingorned!!
“Lost & Found,” LVA’s new exhibition, explores how the loss and discovery of items affects personal and collective memory.
I can't tweet & hold a camera while the games are going on!
Thanks for the interview today Looking forward to the story tomorrow at 5!!
pssst... and I are looking for you in the chat room... where are you?? ;)
Mad dash straight out of to get the last textbooks from school library.
"Did you take it to the limit?" "I quit 10 minutes early." "So you took it to the bare minimum."
Last second field goal by makes the score 6-3 at half.
UpwardMotionPT thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Jump in the water when its shallow, bet I pop back up
- it's called Youth Explosion, from the album "Question in the Form of an Answer"
thanks so much for the RT :-)
know that the #FloridaMemorial family stands with you
I will bring about 20 paper copies of the wapo article on Austin fun stuff for front table if you want to so announce
This for sure is called a "Networking Connection" week, love it so far!!!! Give me more!!!!
that's awesome!
I quoted you much more in my TCW article than I had anticipated. Good info.
I hate when theres so many things to watch, ( flicks the channel back and forth)
Titles are unimportant. Know who you are. We underestimate who we are in our organizations.
I dont know if you know this... But The Dirges enjoy elaborate snacks... Just an FYI
": Victoria about to spazz out #LOL!"
I get the feeling that you won't have that problem, lol.
Sure it does! And people write sycophantic articles about the lead designer!
This friday the 13th sure full of sme ish not cool
Big shot by Sheehey!!!
no, unfortunately we don't carry the g series, it's too leet for us :) though they may have it online(?)
its on the way here.....DAM
their Dad knows you're hot and wants to know if you're single, lol
Thanks for the follow Lakesha!!
Success = making the right decisions, not the easy ones. Repeat daily...
you still "current" you back in the Chi?
and Christian Stokes = My personal brand of Yoda
on my way to downtown San Francisco with Caltrain... sun is shining
hey message me your number so we can get this comm thing going :)
Proud to be participating in this Twitter Town Hall on #TDV while at the #sandiego DV Council meeting!
So lazy right now blah
Great game
We understand the recording quality is bad on those vids but listen for content and let us know your favorite one!!
Want change in life is one of the greatest accomplishments
I'm good thanks :) What are you up to?
It's Friday!! (For those of you who still aren't excited about this fact)
That was what Patrick Swayze originally said instead of "Nobody puts Baby in a corner." It didn't test well.
#armband Cool Blue Armband sports SKIN for Sony Walkman NWZ-E353
Just finished Dead Like You by Peter James. A great British crime novel.
I wish i could play music with the band everyday :/
Great workout, protein bar, beach with the love. Solid day off :)
I'm good
Up and at 'em!
Trying to jam all my errands into one trip because I need like 7 watched-pot hours for this sauce
Crazy Summer is an up and coming #book by Cole Hart. Be on the lookout for it.
Thanks for noticing that's exactly what my wife said when I asked her for editorial advice...
Thanks for the follow, Adam and Sarah.
Check out our site/service, do you think we would be a good fit for Ignite Miami?
I kinda wanna get fun tipsy and wander on down to Victorias Secret and buy swimsuits-
Wow... Fuck that.
So fortunate to have made it this far. Everyday I grow a bit more, learn something new, and strive to be better than I was yesterday! :-)
Nothing like an old high school crush finding you & friending you on Facebook because he needs cows or some shit for Farmville
My mom forgot a crucial Christmas gift,.. now we are at #Walmart waiting in the last line of the day! #barelymadeit whew!
I ♥ EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! (/.\) <3
What they call this shit here?? They call it War Music!!!
Ten years ago today I was lined up in my cap & gown waiting to graduate still drunk off my ass.
Enjoy a #nude discount vacation 2 nights $200 visit us
Currently hosting a figment coming out party. Time to stop hiding who you are.
All the grading I need to do makes this the perfect sunny autumn day to organize my shelves and refresh the posters on my office door.
New Jersey later in New York :) <3
Thanks for the follow! I hear you guys mentioned a great deal on ESPN 96.1. If I ever go out to GR I'll be sure to stop by.
If you can't fix it after three years, it's time to do the right thing and resign.
if you're up late/on the west coast clap your hands *clap clap*
All fiesta at our summer apartment / production HQ in the center of town! what dates?
I missed her too. :'( she's like my soul sister.
Thanks for the follow Looking forward to seeing you and your followers on Saturday night!
thanks so much :)
10 minutes behind schedule today. Luckily I'm not on the 6:30 train
agree. or the best latte, or crepes. they can pretty much do no wrong!
Fifty (50!) anthropology graduates at today! Our dept. launched them off with a celebration for grads & their families.
Met my new agent today, had a great audition and looking forward to All County Chorus Concert tomorrow. Glad I got picked. I love to sing!
will you never learn? When I grow up, I want to have an invincible stomach like Rob Z, mommy.
alright. lets go celtics. close this out now.
LOVE listening to the antics of the twins playing w/my hubs. SO enjoy when they are having fun & not fighting it! Progress = happiness
Just watched someone leading some tourists yell "Let's go to Market Street!" and then promptly turn and walk in the opposite direction.
Oh snap! You jus did O.o
Show tomorrow in Cypress is now a $2 entry fee. A band dropped so we are figuring out new time slots. If they don't change we play at 6:15.
There is an adorable kid in the office today, sitting on the other side of my cube. Honestly, it's pretty nice having her in the office.
Sat. I was invited to a bar, and during last min. the orger had to change bars bec the first choice had been closed by the gob. Arg folks!
Prosecutor for the 99% is Steve Meacham from Making his argument about economic crimes against the 99%
you have to get there AT 6 that's what the lady told me when I asked about camping she said security would make u leave
#ThingsThatMakeMeThinkNastyThoughts ....when is posting!! I can't get work done when she is LOL
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
right on, that's why I suggested the complimentary options unless you are flying Spirit. Yes they charge for soda, coffee, your soul
The Amazing Spider-Man 4-Minute Super Preview
Let my love lose again
Q1 If that. It's 1/2 at my library.
Do your part to build teamwork and a climate of encouragement.
Great! Lots of food for $25. Both soup & salad were tasty, flouder was perfectly cooked & loved carrot cake.
Dob't they know how fab and fiesty you are?
Hello, Chicago!
all good, working on a book about the making of "the other side of the wind," for st. martin's, hence the jake hannaford name
Good luck, Edwina! Let us know how it goes.
@ @ I keep trying to bring him over to the dark side!
": Clearing that one perception can move a mountain that you thought was unmovable. #AllisNeverAsItAppears" so true; good thought!
Subscribe to www.fashionbaggage to read all about it!
Alright just making sure you were watching!
Tx! RT : If you are, or ever will be in Albuquerque, you MUST eat at ... Seriously folks, in my top 3 meals ever.
#Healhtip: Just by switching from a bad lifestyle to a healthier one, one can expect to add as much as 14 years to theirlife
The common sense lesson of the day.
the best ones end in aol.com also :)
#restaurantstakeout is a joke. U dnt really expect ppl 2 believe this crap? You'd hv 2 b an idiot not 2 c the "hidden" cameras
and scariest looking DJ award goes to..... (note he is a great DJ/Producer and this in no way speaks towards his music)
Everytime i hear the phone ring i wish its you<\3 J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
I hate Jon Tudor.
Here is cool Ocean Drive Drink Recipe from Drinks And Cocktails Recipes Android application!
"Why do men love bitches?"
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin♡♡♡♡♡♡ 105
So turn the music up You're hearing more than sound. Right now, This town is for the taking & it's all we'll ever need.
u didnt go and y i ended up going to another party
finalizing our next KJ series @ The Crazy Horse 3 in Las Vegas. will be a wild weekly! www.crazyhorse3.com sushi served until 10am!
working on her acting website.... :)stay tuned
drinking is OK bt nt xcessive~ i love drinking too but nw i can't due 2 tis peptic ulcer i got. once in awhile i do feel like drinking~ U.U.
Game over YOU LOSE. #BackOnTheBus!!
Patience -- three lives from now you'll have overcome the phobia.
RT : Education is not going to ever be learner-centered, because education, by definition, is society-centered.
#FridayListens is READY PLAYER ONE by Ernest Cline - it kicks ass and is the perfect narrator for the story
who wants to make a post office run for me?
Floppy Disk.
Omg yay we are going to the beach this summer! I didnt think we were yaaaaaaaaay
Rachel is like 20. Lacy is 22 almost 23.
Girls who call themselves "bad bitches" <
Any chess players here?
HAPPY FRIDAY TO ALL!
thanks! but has been on team for a couple months now. is the man behind the magic.
I love me some skylar!!!
Jelly is lame
it should be interesting. let's do it!
musing on innovation...how do you define it?
Ok it looks like I have to take this thing into my own hands.
been there and Twitter always wins.
Don't you do the punchline? Knock knock jokes confuse the hell out of me. It's fruit salad at the door. Isn't that the whole joke?
The luncheon speaker will be Mitchell Stephens from #NYU. He will talk about Journalism and News: Untangling their histories.
Time is goin by too fast for me
hi - trying to send an email to and it keeps bouncing back. I there another email I can send to?
owe girl Dnt even get me started. Im too mad my hair not dat length no more.
In the end this doesn't matter because it will all crash due to Selection Sunday.
Working at a Starbucks is problematic. Can't use the restroom without packing up the laptop and backpack.
Thanks Onadio "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
Hate when I'm watching something on DVR and I forget I can fast forward through the commercials.
I miss you ! Need to see you soon.
can u tell I'm jonesing for some sunshine/80s?
no problem :P i was going to make the same tweet, so i figured why not just retweet it :P
it looks like your video will be up tomorrow. no one has replied to me! ): but i think its good. dm me please? thanks. <3nd
On my way to see August Burns Red!
I'm in for an acoustic set at the Arboretum. Just let me know the date. Can't wait for summer shows!
he never dated jas
I miss you to😥 come kidnap me and bring me to Boston with you
RT : Planners: When an emergency pops up at a meeting, what's the FIRST thing you do?
What's conversation if a niqqa can't just HIT sumn' ?
We just drowned a whole bottle of wine for Whitney Houston. The already planned party at my house is now in remembrance to Whitney.
Change of attitude is a start. Time to make change infectious.
JB please give us your beliebers prefer to your phone
My channel is boring and is mainly for my entertainment. I don't care how many views I get.
yeah that one looks nice
Just met another brilliant Afro-beat musician/producer from Portugal, I smell collaborations!
I am 4 of the 7 Dwarves. - Clean Funny Pics and Other Humor
RIP Donna Summer =(
A healthy diet should provide enough nutrients without the need for supplements, experts advise
We are working on the Android version and will be releasing it soon... stayed tuned for an announcement on FB and Twitter
Dealing with lat long coordinates on a Cartesian plane is a bear.
paulreesq: Finished at QMagazine for Xmas. On train & dialling up the Phil Spector Christmas Album... festive
Just ate some mashed potatoes and ranch dressing. <3 So fucking happy now :D
Adversity gives birth to greatness.The greater the challenges&difficulties we face, the greater opp'nity we have to grow and develop as ppl.
Hi Zachary!!! Very good response to You obviously can't please, or satisfy everybody all the time unfortunely.
checking your math......and yes, you're right, 96! I do think you're closer to the truth on that...liquor included.
She puts the shot glass down, she asks for another round
shorts over tights look ridiculous. get some wind-blocking briefs and get over it, men. also: nobody's looking at your package.
Thanks for sharing, Jonathan - glad you enjoyed it!
Shoot the tv listings. Download to your computer and store in 'Misc 2011'. It's good to practice these organizational skills. Nice job!
Why hasn't anyone done a dubstep remix of Baby Beluga or Senor Don Gato?
BIO Asks House Committee on Ways and Means to Extend Critical Tax Provisions
If you want we can drum it tomorrow. Think about it!
yeah ik... but its so hard to time it rite
such a healthy habbit
Really Ohio State!? Really?!?
i miss
"How do you explain something that you can't even understand yourself?"
He better sat down
So amazing! Read all 3 books in a week and a half! : It's past my bedtime but I can't put down The Hunger Games! So addicted.
Archie has stopped carrying fezes?!? :(
Where ever is...it's always LIVE! #LastDayOfSkoolParty May18th @ zodiac lounge (6135 Mt.moriah) MO info contact @ 2651396
who is Romney's main foreign policy adviser?
There is some serious #techno and #housemusic floating around here Twitter. Officially in love
that's fun. way to go!
Fletcher Cox
I'm in! // RT : Twitter chat TODAY (Wed) with bloggers from Tanzania. 2PM EST / 1PM CST.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. Og Mandino
I can't take it being sick is hard but being sick almost everyday kills me 2 know I can't do anything! #WhyMe?
MT : Just saw movie #weneedtotalkaboutkevin #tildaswinton. Difficult to watch but brilliant performances & an important film.
Yes, music was UNBELIEVABLE. 2 secs from Z... :-)
Mrs. Romney again starring in "Clueless."
RT In past two weeks Tebows played 5 great minutes last week and about 3 good minutes today The rest has been simply dreadful
Pre-game bitches
I didn't realize the time, please tweet it again
Just got done at ! What a great store
"lower-back muscle contusion" = bruise
Thank you to the guy in front of me on my run. #yesIwasracingyou and yes I won.
The boat I was on sunk... And I drowned :/
Damn we got some sellout ass friends
hahaha that's amazing!!!
Maybe the 2nd coolest shoes ever. EVH Converse can’t be topped!
What should I read next? Just started Ian McEwan's "Solar" and love it. Dude is hilarious.
No The Worst (Its Me Not You)
My Moms am idiot !
You post awesome tweets everyone should follow you!
Shoutout to new followers Check out #webseries trailer at CigaretteCinemas.com
"I'll ask Megan. She'll know." KARAACK. That's the sound of Don's generational chasm widening.
: by the end of 2012 should be producing more video than local TV stations
You are very lordly lately with your magnificent mane. :)
Why do thesse chinese people follow me?.
Great guest. RT : Tmrw David Carr () of on old media, new media, the future of newspapers & how he uses
Nice discussion of zombie lit at the
If you missed it-7 yr old fan at gets visit from 2 of his favorite players. 11pm.
bet that I'll get up with u homie
Only two kinds of people should be allowed to wear berets (without irony): professional illustrators and special forces.
The whole Madmen intro is awesome (as was its first scene with the trapped fly)
Lmao that was nasty af i was scared
hello there, the angel from my nightmare.
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Coures!(: #NeverSayNever xoxo follow back :D
I'm tired as hell
i will. again ty. means so much 2 me. long battle will keep everyone updated as much as i can. <3 #bhloveisstrong!
I just realized how embarassingly funny military ball is gunna be.....lolol c:
I'M GOING IN. SEE YOU IN TWO HOURS.
GRCH new website up & running. www.girlsrockhouston.org. check it out!!
I'll look into it, thanks, Michael!
How about just attaching it to our emails? I'll DM you my email address.
the bbc has also written extensively about their "semantic web" use; if you haven't seen it, it's v. cool stuff.
cheers. Let me know if you're ever in the Bay.
ugh I love Glee lolol
We've Only Got 4 Minutes To Save The World
It's Joan of Arc's 600th birthday! I plan to celebrate as I always do. Sad, alone & burning at my own existential stake. Have a great day.
It's birthday today isn't it? So how old is the amazing mixerman?
i think hussain forgot to mention my birthday dinner as well (; hahaha
ice cold budlight with lime sounds so good right now!! Or a shot of whisky to kick this cold's butt!
People need to grow up and realize that they have responsabilities now
shut up
I wanna be able to look into your eyes and see forever.
Oh noes! She might have written my book. I'll have to check it out.
Redneck Woman coming on the radio is the only thing that can distract me from this terrible terrible headache
Happy First Day of March!
Might have to watch Match of the Day tonight, haven't done that for 20 years.
#DJ ing and sipping on #water, watching the #Clippers make a comeback.
Who's ready for some night time swimming and SYDNEY BLU tonight at The Fly!!?
The more I workout the more I want fatty foods lol 👎😣
Watching Transformers circa 1985 on #thehub.....I LOVE this channel....next is old school #GIJoe....and the #Jem :)
you too!! Sorry for the quick exit. #shadybounce hope to see you again soon!
We can help you with any number of cleaning projects---spring is right around the corner---give us a call for a free estimate
5 more #Followers until 100!! Help us reach our #goal!
Help is always good. Let me know :-)
Mike Epps one of the funniest niggaz out
meme of the day is
In the mood for Red Crab Goat Cheese Rangoons, Kalua Pork Trio and PB & Jelly Ice Cream Sandwich Minis all for $30? Yes plz!
Another placement today.
The Collection blog will have lots of new posts this week, so please come check us out!
Or the Javascript version NaH (Not a Horse).
What's everyone doing this Friday night!?
ORLANDO vs STEAK - BBQ Baked Beans = M :D
Need a flexible, adaptable education system
In the last month I've used a third of the natural gas that I used the same period last year. Thanks, weather!
The Enders rocked it on Saturday Night. Hopefully you got to be there!
A1: Selling widgets thru print, might target diff. populations but message same: Buy my widget.
not at all. Sometimes supervisors hope to be out sick too! :)
Don't lol we couldn't find our way back to I95
YO FOLLOW ME IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
I love bacon, but I've been on pancetta like Jesus on a tax collector lately.
I WISH.
Morning world rise and grind.....time waits for no man......
Everything is terrible, but everyone is good.
Good evening everyone! back from city loop, Beautiful sunny weather, time for a break at the beach ;)
Ladies should keep their circle tight alone with their pussy!
Staring into the grid abyss
Up too earlyy.. -_ PACKING FOR DISNEY TIME <3
oh no
We hope the New Year is starting well for everyone. Cheers to a Bright and Prosperous 2012!
#YouKnowYouSoftWhen when you let your girl run you bahahaha
Get your tickets this weekend to see and to the best comedy show in Las Vegas
4 entries will be picked at 4 pm today!
Types of Users: What can I get right now? vs. I need to find everything written on a topic
RT : CTA: Start w/ a blank canvas that gets filled with understanding your connected consumer says
Between The Sheets #80 - Dirty Little Secrets
I might....maybe he can move in with Hank, and become his annoying roommate...
' Cause your all I want, your all I need , your everythingg ' ♥
Omg, okay, I'll clean the rest of my room tomorrow. ㅠㅠ
Here's what Im missing: 5 Grammy's, 5 Billboard Awards, 5 American Music Awards and 3 Multi-Platnium albums. I had BIG dreams yo:)!
Thank you for sharing my tweet.
De Graaf: In every other civilized country, healthcare is a matter of right. Again, the crowd cheers.
what's his name? (:
I think dangers beard made more money that I did when I worked at PXY :)
you don't follow me yet! Lol
RT : Social media is a 24-hour news cycle.
Delicious food, delightful company, and 20 bottles of wine over the course of the day... magnificent!
That Sunday feeling where you know you have school tomorrow. <
Thanks for the RT Janet! Have a great day:)
Tonight might be the night i make it so lets live it up and don't regret it at all.
“: I try and play hard for NY as John Starks did bak in the day! It was super dope to have him at the game tonight"
Need my pillow pet
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend they like little bit more than friends.
I got an infinity love tattoo on my wrist!! I'll put up a picture in a little bit=)
Live stream of tonight... Gratitude, inspiration, awe, hope for humanity if this greatness is in us.
Our pleasure! RT : Picking up a SLK for the weekend. Thanks Euro for your support of MBCA members. (@ EuroMotorcars Bethesda)
Trig was adopted?
And, I love 'Landmarks' too... so let's just say I love all that you do. ;)
i'm not a veg. Anymoree so no ahaha
“: Boston Bruins goalie Tim Thomas refusing Obama's invitation to the White House for "political reasons." #TFM”
Lolz, so funny!
Ah, my favorite day to work in Boston... Patriots Day (aka Boston Marathon Day) is a holiday & my annual put-the-sweaters-away day.
I really dnt have nun nice to say so I'ma just ignore that text
Swimming is the best therapy for mind, body, soul and 3 screws in your foot!! :)
I stayed up for 8 hours watching every. single. one. of videos. I realized I have not moved pretty much the entire time. n_n
tryna get to where you at
S/o to my new follower
what a beautiful party, we hope you had fun!
Saz's State House "Burger of the Week" is a stacked Jalapeno and Cream Cheese Burger with our own onion strings! :P "The Finest!"
Happy 26th birthday to the best big brother in the world!
Thank you everyone for a wonderful day! See you tomorrow for another great day! Dj Girl 6 on the tables tomorrow. Let's do this!!!
It's 43 degrees this afternoon in Columbus. A steady wind of 40 MPH. But my day just became awesome.
I love you, mom!!
Don't even want to think about the reshelving nightmare the elementary school library must be. Ha.
hey trash that just backed into me & ran, if i thought had more than child care payments & insurance, it's your day. asshole.
happy birthday!!!! I love you<3
well keep you posted on any jobs we have for some comic artists Dont forget to check us out at portland comic book show nov13
HAHAHAH! Oh my gosh. That's precious. I love you so much Emily. Oh man.. What are you on??
Watching Oscar winner Ed Harris dance away in "Creepshow." What's that weird move he does on the way to the record player?
I know! Amazing isn't it! :) & thanks for the kind words about my website. :)
Hi Julie, so glad you like it! Nice to meet you (well, inasmuch as Twitter counts as meeting someone.)
thank you for following!
These days I'm more concerned about the entertainment-industrial complex than I am about the military-industrial complex.
They need to pay as much money as necessary to get the old NBA on NBC theme song.
follow back"
=O Mind Blown! knows =) does this mean he knows they should collab a vid, it would make my Year!
Home, cell, smart, PHONE/TABLET - When they invent a phone that folds out to a tablet, it will be the next PHONEvolution. Bendable glass!
Time for bed :) had a great time with babe!!
Sometimes I think more creativity is put into muffin recipes than into the rest of society combined.
Boston is the greatest sports city in the world! 7 championships in the past 10 years. #RedSox (2), #Pats (3), #Celtics (1), #Bruins (1)!
Goal of program is to change student special ops idea of success- from kills to working with local population in combat areas
355 days since my last funny tweet.
My Princeton is turning 15!! YaaaY!! Happy Early Birthday Princeton... (its not 12:oo yet) <33
Man there's so many talented artist that Ive heard, it makes me wonder why VA aint gettin more looks..
I just watched your youtube videos and you're a really good singer! :)
Hi Everyone! We hope to have dates out soon for both the spring Ladies Rock Camp and the summer sessions of Girls Rock Camp. Stay tuned!
1st night of NYE run was incredible! thank you.
What if scooter gave up on trying to get in contact with Justin back in 08-09.. We would never have Justin.. Thank you <3
On blocking/filtering Internet access - "Let's not build a fence around the pool, let's teach kids how to swim."
Keep up the good work over there, we like what you guys are doing.
Follow me I love you
Jazz genre today 🎵🎵
Make a plan, do your best and give the rest of God.
LMFAO grow up. RT : And Lord, bless this crawfish my body is about to receive. 🙏
If the #Brewers get beat Kotsay and #Suppan today, I'm selling the rest of my 20 pack.
Its almost my b-day!!! :D
Im on that uncharted 3 too!!! i just past that part!!! its about to get really interesting!!!!
An error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it
My resume says I'm 2 over qualified to jus kick it....I'm wife material...
Finally home...
I know what it is
that link was about your profile not the pic
Oh man, you did that right!
follow back ?
Nope but I'll be back Monday/Tuesday
And field trip requests are in before the deadline. I rule.
aw hi! thank you so much (you are awesome!) :):)
sometimes I wonder if that'd be better because going to a ghetto school in the city was more fun than this -_-
If everyone was rich, then nobody would want to do the hard dirty common labor jobs? Who would collect our thrash? Who would grow our food?
how's the new gig?
wow, Kenny I wish I'd have gone, but instead, I was recording all day...I keep missing ur gigs, so sorry :(
UGH GOSH ITS BEEN SOO LONG & THE DAY STILL HASNT COME I TWEET YOU EVERYDAY ASKING FOR A FOLLOW & YOU NEVER FOLLOW ME:( </3
Before the new year theres no better way than whatch the top 100 videos of 2011 on BET
Not a lot. Just in bed watching Predators. Yourself?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever played the drums???
Almost too 300 followers and 700 tweets!!!
Lunch with before the #PRSA media breakfast tomorrow!
Time to catch up on writing! :)
Very dark. I hope that person talks to a CAPS counselor.
Singing a five pm concert this Sunday Eve at first CRC in Sibley IA. Also Maurer trio at 630pm
hope all is well
Hangovers. That's why.
What's going on in #china right now?!!!
I hate tears
You're getting a payback on software just by the money you will save in credit-card fees.
I know you don't smoke weed... I know this... But I'm gonna get HIGH today... Cause it's..... Finish the line!! Let's see who knows the rest
thanks! Oh my bad, I meant like I'm a "mess" and mine as well get more. Lol
RT : #RedCross response vehicle en route to #virginiatech to support emergency responders. Our thoughts are with the campus
We sure could use a lot more fat women drivers cruising around our roadways in huge gas guzzling SUVs. "I feel safer!"; woman. Fuck off..
you're a jerk
I am trying to get someone to reply to me to answer some questions about your custom domain service...anyone there?
Since I didn't give u guys a good and long enough chapter today. I'm going to write another chapter (: Thanks Topeople that read it <3
true! I'm so excited!!!!! I dunno why,though. Cause I know I'll be depressed after watching it,just as I do when I read it. Hah
regional rankings, OWU was fourth before Woo loss and Wabash upset helped them huge.
If all you do is tweet about yourself with a link to your site, then its not SOCIAL for you or your followers. Its ADVERTISING.
#AmericanIdol 2012 is now down to 2 singers(spoiler alert) Jessica & Phillip.
Two more finals left...
PRETTY BUSY AT WORK- TURBO MODE!
Sorry I'm hungover on your birthday mom.... 6th street wins once again
Looks like the 5d Mark I rumors are swirling...wonder if they'll up the ante on the fps this time around?
yes sir you got it
wish the gym would offer this upgrade: wheelchair ride to your vehicle on Leg Day......just sayin.
Listening to future and just thinking while texting Tasha.... Side eye m...
I want you to feel the same way I as do
How did we watch the #NFLCombine before and #NFLNetwork!
Awe don't be depressed! We miss you! RT : I wish I still lived here. Your tweets depress me.
City all the way, screw United
of course. Great story! Another example of the positives of using social media
True, but this team is still not as good on paper as they were a month ago with Gamel & Gonzalez, even if the slumps end.
One of our editors asked a Sixth Grade student at 10:30 AM to write a post for today. He willingly said yes! Can't wait to see his creation!
I'm worried about Hailey.
How I wish I don't have to go through all these crap so that everything would be okay between us
I Finished Writin..
DMX still goes in.
“: That awkward moment when you're drunk & automatically become an amazing dancer. #ThingsIDoWhenImDrunk” <--
Juridica today posted full year results -- a 20.9% increase in NAV per share to US$2.25 and a 578% rise in profits to US$12.9 million.
I'm an Airman, ma'am. ...I acted, stopped for years. Served. Then approached it like an apprenticeship, like my military career.
I'd like a plane to skywrite my twitter handle. If not, I'll take letting me know if you hear anything =)
"Paul's Boutique" is one of the best albums of all time. A meshing of jazz, rock, awesome sampling, all against great lyrics.
Watched you video good stuff. I plan to write a book in the future will definitely keep your courses in mind. I love to write
gonna have to get that #25 nike here soon...in with the new!
#IfIHadItMyway I will truly make this world a better place!
indeed...liked the idea of a good "offense" by telling strong stories so as to avoid appearing defensive when brand is "attacked"
Partly Cloudy and 69 F at Chicago/O'Hare, IL Winds are Northeast at 12.7 MPH (11 KT). The pressure is 1022.5 mb and the
new fan fic up tonight? i think yes
we gave hulu plus a shot, too many commercials.. a lot of content only plays on the web only and the movie selection is weak.
I'm waiting on that magnificent day that you follow me.
Were they doing $1 beers at fan fest before the Magic games? Drunk fans=loud fans.
I'm a Mexican giant. So when I fall, I fall
Having a "z" or an "x" in your name automatically makes you cool
Drawing my boo friend and my brudder and sissy something your gonna love the finished product (:
Woman at my table: "oh look, one of the speakers is from EBSCO" Me: "Hello! That's me!" Good morning #upabos12, EBSCO is hiring.
Major power outage in White Hall area, apparently -- about to shut down the router etc. Good old Dominion Virginia Power, sigh.
A friend told me that I burn the candle at three ends. How true, how true.
I think only one journal article made it into my reading suggestions for next week, but it was hard to choose!
#prezi it is!
I bet Bubba Watson is celebrating his victory with Larry the Cable Guy at Augusta's finest all you can eat catfish establishment right now.
I know, huh? He doesn't even deserve to say the word.
That wasn't me girl. That was the tweet magic of and it has been deleted. Forever.
Can someone bring a Keg to the videoshoot June 2nd in Charlotte?? Shot by
I hope your version of Macbeth will be filmed at some point?
#DBTFTW! Guys like prove that not all guys are the same!!! Congrats.
Feels so good to be reunited with my best friend in Columbia!!
Finally home ^_^
so stressed
*waves* RT : Raise your hand if you don't want to be awake right now.
Yay! RT : Just 45 minutes until weekly #winchat with this week also and giving away a PC!
still drawing little tiny lines. over and over again..so much netflix...
New Music comin next week! I make
Watching a documentary on understanding the universe Crazy affff
Best of luck to you!
Time to dance it up, and a chance to win stagecoach tickets. I love incahoots
DIANNA YOU FLAWLESS ANGEL!!!!!!
where you see that?
Taco #2 - al pastor. Delicious!
yeah, they would build it MongoDB and make it open source for all. Lol...
why cant I be a normal person!?/: my leg just twitched.
Celebrating my manuscript submission Restaurant. Woohoo!
I desperately need to travel and go away from this place ..
I know. Man. I ran out. I'll get some more tomorrow morning. My knuckles look like I rolled them in baby powder.
will be out tonight between 6th and 7th Street on Walnut...
. I think must've said something to about something I told you. It was awkward.
Real housewives of atl reunion! Nene is out of control She needs a dildo in her mouth so she can shot up
NPR analysis of Romney's health-care views, on air right now, hinges on differences in hardcover and paperback jacket copy.
ck us us out.
When your hourglass runs out of sand you can't flip it over and start again
For some odd reason, I find it strange that Goldman Sachs is on Facebook and Twitter. Does someone flip a coin to see who posts? oh, well.
Indigo Vanity a female jerker who takes pride in what she is
Order sent yesterday to Michael in NJ!
Ayyyeee, nice fall! (:
Holiday song of the day at Avatar's office - Dean Martin - Let it snow!
Just got done watching #MDLNY So bummed it's the season finale! Be back soon and have a great summer!
i wish windows would render fonts as awesomely as mac os
Today will be a day for pampering, I need my hair washed deperately, It's been two weeks. (Sighs)
get a camera well make the ill scoot videos
Cheers Ken! I hope your week is going well so far. Mine just got better thanks to a beautiful Méo Camuzet Bourgogne Blanc!
I am looking for recommendations for visualization/archive tools for twitter hashtags. Please?
Agree! Lovely story; thanks.
Only parents have the right/responsibility to bar a child from particular information
hoping to win some of that
Hey! Are you coming to the Friends dinner? We need to know by tomorrow at the latest.
Who To Follow suggestions are a worthless mix of mediocre celebrities and others with next to no connection to my interests.
MY BUTTONS AREN'T STICKY ANYMORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I HEARD YOU COULD PUT PEROXIDE ON IT...THANK YOU LIZZIE!!!!!!!!!!
Ugh too good to be true I guess. Now I feel like a moron.
i think the delta probate is today...im so excited XD
- Is whole wheat pasta something I can incorporate? Should I look to rice pasta instead?
NOT a fan of Atl traffic....been sitting on this ramp for 25 mins and counting!
Sittn thru rehearsal for 'The Odd Couple' My bro travis is vinnie.
Trivia at the Highlands Ranch Applebee’s (8292 S. University Blvd.) tonight! It all goes down at 9:00 p.m.!
RT : Video of the team that worked on our #RHoK challenge. Intro by Great event by &
In times like these I can never tell if its a panic attack or my depression setting in
!!! RT : Nobody cares bitch
The International Beauty Show has too much to see! Top hair care & skin care brands are demonstrating their products and new lines
Omg headache!! No more going out until a long time too much alcohol
best advice I've heard all day. I'm with you.
Coco crisp is a real name?!
you already know friend...I was looking for you the other night
One thing this semester about some writing was that it was a "bad information dump". LOL
TRAFFIC ALERT: Several miles of backup NB on the "I" from Hwy 30 on up to MM134 due to semi crash. Use alternate routes to bypass.
While you were sleeping provided a big brother or sister to help guide a kid in the right direction
Your stupid
sounds yummy! Merry Xmas!
I wanted to go to the nail shop tho!
A few, including the Mayor, have been recalled. Problem is, more corrupted Cubans are lined up right behind them w/ hands out
Yeah, that effed up plot about treacherous sadcores <I dig that> Just left ETA at Aliante w/ a pint of pale ale in me belly.
With all of the NC hate flowing around the intertubes, I may just pretend I still live in Georgia until another state does something stupid.
Thank you for the RT!
This talk right now at 's >>>>
is my idol!! How perfect is she!! Love love her!!!
for now it will have to work! how was work?
Just got a copy of the Wall Street Journal!!! It's the diary of some guy named Jake from the #occupy protests.
Lilyhammer what a great show--talk about character development! And I thought Norway? No way!
What do you think the chances are Mark Lyons comes to Arizona? What do you think it would mean for the Cats??
ah, Hi guise (:
Morning Los Angeles!
im doing ball-in-a-bucket, and tug-a-war yup fourth year in a row for both events :D
Sadly, true.
Hey sleep would be great right now.
skip it!
lakers will choke
LOL, so I heard she got her ass beat today. Dumb bitch deserves it.
Hi Greg, I'm enjoying your writeups on the Glad you were able to stop in at HQ. It's one of my favorite places.
We will never know all of #God. Always #seek another side of Him! He has plenty to show you!
Great dunk by the Jegos Center!
I would be ok with that but would probably prefer margarita or vodka cranberry. : )
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I love God, my Pug, and #Boston. I created and I'm looking for a new
I would!(:
So cool!!!! =} Tmoney never seemed so intense :)) lol
Hello sir, I was referred to you by hope all is well God Bless!
check the last email we sent out to all candidates for full info
Get ready for Tonight! Guest List Arrive Early, we will hit capacity! Tables are Highly Suggested!
i don't want house food tho,,,
#ThingsMyMotherSays "Why Do You Have A B In Math?" Mom.... Have You Heard Of Derivatives And Limits? Fuck Calculous -.-
Love is so cliché.
OH: "Just try not to occupy the same space at the same time as I am."
Going on a spiritual journey this summer
“: I've been called the songbird of our generation by those who have heard me www.brysonjennings.com” good stuff
Yesterday was pretty trippy, we seriously walked like 10 miles hahaha
He said don't worry everything is water proof!!! O_o
World peace????
I have no issue with gay marriage...what I do have an issue with is STUPID PEOPLE and country folk who marry their cousins!
Oops, okay? You looks looks pretty cool huh ... XD
April showers bring May flowers...Wait I guess it's a little early???? It's not to early to get your Easter treats! See you soon!
3 points for the 7th time this season! Still undefeated & still on top of the league. Good game by
been lagging it on my hw lately...
Wendy thanks for the RT
Who are you to doubt Mayweather? Does it again.
CLUB TiKAY GONNA BE LiVE ON SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 10TH
I'm upset I'm going to bed
I just want 2 C a local agent actually write about why it is a good time 2 buy. Not just re-post national msn.co articles.
Behind every strong organization/person is a strong diet. Ha your past few tweets were all about greeaat food!
I'm part of an unintentional "how many nights of interrupted sleep can one have before going crazy" test this week. Day 4: Sanity waning.
I was on Russian Dolls show, on Xfactor, on America's Got Talent. I feel I need to share my interesting experiences. Book?
in case you didn't hear, we have $1.99 MEDIUM CHEESE PIZZAS from but hurry- the deal ends tonight!
Let's go OKC!!!
Welcome to TweetVille! Everyone should follow these guys - awesome products!
Charging at Monday with full force and looking forward to our lunch time yoga break already!
you make me proud to be an American
Thanks for the follow - can't wait to try your new service!
They're bring back the Hollywood Squares as Hip Hop Squares? I can't wait!
WHERE is this. #gorgeous. And Haha my first pick would be a London apartment
Welcome to the South Loop! We'd love to feature you on our blog to inform our residents! Can we contact you for more info?
sounds good to me
That is really sad! “: I'm glad to see Mitt hasn't backed down and has put on his shortlist for VP.”
she told me yesterday that it was about lexy
Saturday Night Live UP!! DJ Cut & Huggie inside, BIg Worm on the patio. Hip Hop, R&B,TOP 40 and Old School for your enjoyment!!
damn since when did you start sleeping thru the nights?
back from math class, time to get organized, do my laundry, work on math homework, pack my bags, sleep, then ball state tomorrow!
Great meeting you tonight!
Hey there fellow Tweeters! Remember, to wrap those pipes for the winter! This will save you the possibility of a flood from broken pipes!
it always appears that way!
anytime young princess and appreciate you boo
It was wonderful to speak yesterday at the North Shore Conference, your an amazing group of successful women...to follow up an learn more...
omg stop cracking me up! I miss your craziness! <3
To the girls not wearing yoga pants at the gym...FIGURE IT OUT!!!
where is that?
Hm....sounds familiar! !
lmfao at you
#thestreakcontinues - ZERO. Read that again: Z-E-R-O. "Not ever" shortens to N'EVER. Goose-egg. Nada. (Oh, when will it ever end...) Never.
plone templates in fall? not everyone has weighed in and many are going to press for libguides
aw thank you so much!
I told him that I didn't like basketball but listened to him all the time.
Finally starting to feel a bit normal again..
hey What's that app called that tells you the people you follow but don't follow you back????
OMG I saw that on Friday night!! Its super good. The director and Genesis were at my theater too.
Tune in to news tonight as I weigh in the proposed rate hike/service cuts. Investigative journalism at its finest?
Not sure if I am ready for the weekend to be over yet...
Chippewa, Eau Claire, Clark, Dunn Co's (parts of): Kristen Dexter is the *Real Dem* in Senate District 23! Vote Tuesday, May 8!
RT wanna stay n Dallas until youre outta cash? No place to hide, &theyre comin at you from every angle?>>Hide out at Dallas Ritz
I bet everyone who says they really like salmon is just doing it to be cool. Its the hipster of fish
Tis a series of very unfortunate events.
Hey who wants a #followback ? ♥
it was fun loved it
I have the weirdest dreams after i take NyQuil...
Tonight is the night!!!
more than happy to!
I can smell pasta getting ready....must be another festival coming up. www.wvihf.com Allegro performs on Sat Sept 3 @ 4pm Main Stage!
lol that's funny and you know it bet it get you Followers
now step up & make it a federal government civil rights issue like racism is. States are not arbiters of who gets human rights.
Some people need to grow the hell up already. GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER...your priorities are mixed up...work comes first, then play
email and she'll take care of it xx
Lol at these people playing pattycake at the stateline
text me back
Cinco de Mayo = Mucho FUN! Please remember to Party Responsibly!
The words "supplemental draft" still scare me since the Giants used a 1st or 2nd to snag Dave Brown, QB,Duke
Read several of "The Canterbury Tales" to round out one hell of busy week in my British Literature class. Oh, that Chaucer -- he's so racy.
Artists, donors & organizations are unlikely to push for change in museums; it comes from communities. -Doug Borwick
Who's ready for school to start???? Mom is :)
I think I reflect sunlight
yep, watching the game right now. =]
One day I'll thank myself for studying so hard... But right now it's kicking my butt
☝ my biggest lie ever .. " yeah! I remember last summer !! "
RT : "Did you save a ton of money by switching to Geico? Then buy some art." Part of the reTweet series by Deb Kracht...
Drunk Driver kills teenager in car crash bond 1mill Man shoots and kill teen on purpose bond 150k .... Wow
I feel like a creep just sitting in mcdonalds by myself .....
Well yeah, I'm sure in business class!
Headed to Rafters
Die. Just go away
Deals Exeter: Up to 75% Off at Martins Cleaning Services from Groupon MyCityDeal
Something I tell my students: red ink is good. It means your story is big enough to have room to grow. Not every story is.
.....Signs. I meant signs.
Dancing and running around in the rain!! 👍
Tuesday TY's going out to: and of course,
Although chocolates have endured for centuries, numerous individuals still adore consuming them
Yeah, it's gotta be a rough day for you. Smh.
Dr. Bagnato is giving attendees much research and best practices for better child development & educational well being.
100th tweet goes to cl And my Home Run ball tonight!
The whole idea is to see how much emotion and inner life actors can give their characters.
All you 4am or sleepless twitches ( I was up as well): we should all do coffee and a Danish next time
300 followers and counting...Thank you #Chicago! Let's celebrate with #bartab drinks tonight!
RT : There's a big difference between putting a video up on YouTube and letting them watch it live -
Pacific Sands has an interesting product line. Do you have an open house scheduled?
Homework Sucks! Dx
And add #supermoon night to the mix and you get some really weird shit! Hahaha!
Want a bit of Friday fun? Google 'Bloomberg careers' and read the description on the first result. Seriously. It won't disappoint!
Funny thing about today - I got to inbox zero and then left the office....
Loadin' on stage, game time @ The Lodge 1pm
I do love my job though!
BEYOND ready for Graduation 😃
Wow, have we hit 1 hour already???
Too cold for outdoor exercise? Try indoor cycling, pilates, or the barre method! All are excellent calorie burners.
what's your Gameday Specials? You're quiet on the twitter front.
Don't let the bastards get you down.
MURFC returns to the road this weekend as they take on UW-Platteville in Platteville,Wisconsin!
I ditched to go to Burger King before beat that :/ lol
I'm the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a dream.
I don't like the fact that boys just sit there and think its okay to mess with girls feelings .
that was the first tweet all day that made me LOL. I love it...
I feel like my life was taken away from me
Just a few hours until Builda the Re-Bicycler comes out for iPad...and it'll be free for the first 24 hrs!
best wishes today...make it count for yourself and others...
#Cuts4aCause is quickly approaching!! Make your appt today and help out these great organizations!!!
TRAVEL CH.! Put some maple syrup on that shit
Mercy rule if Inge homers.
The two most beautiful words in the English language are 'check enclosed' Dorothy Parker
Why thts so sad
- That's a great video with Chris Westfall. Thx for sharing!
OK, you need to password protect your wireless router because wo/ a password ANYONE can pick up your wireless internet signal.
Today sports wear shall be Fairfield PE :p
did you watch the Winter Classic Saturday night? It was awesome!
Brand new fragrances by Caudalie! Perfect for summer!
my duckies are getting so big.):
Which nhl team did taylor green hate growing up? Plus #cubs manager dale sveum on his return to MKE on the on deck show at 6!
sounds good man. Ill hit you.
I adore clothes, I adore drinking. I just don't have the time or the inclination to totally indulge in it - Christine Baranski
I got Jones. U?
after a sweaty and emotional game, knocked me off my throne...where he reigns as the current Fantasy Land ping pong champ
I did the same thing. Told my wife we're lucky, it could've been much worse! LOL!
Right? *love*
a fresh new beach cottage look |
HI BEAUTIFUL. When you coming over again? I need a good shavin(;
road dogg, hacksaw, skip sheffields character, triple h
I'm floored by the quality of the work by the Visual Communication Design students at OSU.
Add cayenne to hummus or soup to spark your metabolism and burn more calories.
I love your website! I think I will become a member later tonight.
Quest is much better!!!
“: If your screen name has the number 69 in it, you're going to jail.”
you're so gross! Lady doesn't want you to wield your sword anywhere near her!
God it's gonna be a hot one today. Good day to see a movie after work.
...stay here and get the stuff kicked out of us or we can fight our way back into the light. We can climb out of hell. One inch, at a time.
Don't tell me what to do.
harvested jerusalem artichokes! planted brassicas (collards, kale). gorgeous day for gardening!
Wow...almost got knocked down by a air life chopper..save 1 hurt another...ty
My dog squealed when her paw got stuck behind her ear while scratching. I have never seen her hurt herself. Time to brush!
You know what I love? Finding bras that fit on the clearance rack. Woohoo!!! #2dollarbra :)
Get a Les Paul and a Crate 212 with effects
“We are journalists regardless of where we are.”
Home girl really want me to go to the strip club with her but i grown out that shit years ago.
in play, out(s) RT i should have said i can't watch...on the gameday app.
sometimes i wish i was into the use of blackmail. fortunately i'm classy. UNFORTUNATELY karma is not.
Give me attention; I need it now.
CRASH: Hwy 217 NB just prior to 99W- traffic backed up to I-5 prior to Carmen Drive
I like how the concept video glasses are always so stylish but the functional ones are closer to motorcycle helmets
give me a sec. twisting the forget me stick up...lmao (MEGAmind)
My baby never really like Happy meals They pissed him off from 9mns- 2 at 3 he just want the toys and apples anything else is trashed Im o_O
you already know!
"Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels" ...Happy Birthday Kate Moss!
With your free account you have access to our community forum to provide you assistance in getting your Tshirt biz up and running on
Today’s personal devotion: #Power in moving to higher ground.
What of I was an Irish Carrot. Now would Louis love me?
I'm using your sweater as minnie's bed for now, hope you don't mind :p
YOU GO CHRIS MANN. YOU DA MAN.,
just fell off the couch laughing. feel better. I was starting to get pissed.
Thanks for the mention, Kent!
its the Balotelli Aura!!
At the end of one, the #Mavericks lead the #Clippers 27-19 in our Game of the Night.
LA CLIPPERS! BLAKE GRIFFIN. NUFF SAID.
I scratch under my cat's chin then kiss her forehead a billion times and she doesn't try to run away because the scratching feels so good.
That was not hooking!!!
I think I have a job will see wat happens Monday volunteer 2 start but eventually a paid position @ an assisted living house very excited :)
Hate when people put "OG EVERYTHING" when the shoes came out last month.
Leaving for Natural Products Expo West in Anaheim, CA...
But on Sunday I got free street parking directly in front somehow. Magic.
