hope ur bitch ass has fun in Miaammmmiiii! Have a drink or 2 for tha runnaz son!
But you just got here...
If you think congress can solve our financial problems, you're crazy. They are the problem. NOT the SOLUTION. See my blog on my next tweet.
The video game is due to be released on the 25th of January in the US and 28th of January in the UK
thx for the mention. Happy Friday!
is that what you're wearing on Monday? business attire!
Yay Doug got the rose!
checking on Momma...and my Uncle.
Birds of a feather dreaming of Hostess Twinkies.
Just saw Kentucky win their 8th championship.
If I let this go, if I let you go, will the scars continue to show.?<3
I wanted her to pick Duckie!
Jim "Anvil" Neidhart
Good luck to all the finalists in the James Beard Foundation Awards this evening! Cc.
Thanks for posting this...
Yes.... Good ol Fred Lamer. One of my favorites. I loved his directing class.
RT : #casesmc11, great conference. What lessons did you learn? What ideas are you taking home?
RT : A3: Maybe tying in AR/LBS contest for fans in-stadium, unlock clues that can lead them to try on actual ring
Cubs are going to do badly this year anyways, this doesn't change that. ;)
Whoever says golf isn't a sport didn't take as many swings as I did yesterday.
Rolling down I-30 in #DFW saw you're coming to the Verizon Theater. I retort "Sweet" out loud. True story. Blessings.
I know, I can't resist. I get so bored, and theres nothing else better to do. :P
Buy the paperback!
Hell, you'll probably get your own season. You'll be like the Octomom of daytime television.
Trending now
Have you spotted Tom Hanks in #Boston? Maybe he'd like us to show him some luxury property in Beacon Hill or the #backbay. :)
No Joke here, I just had a customer tell me she had a problem with the lactating acid in her legs.
Maybe you can was the small a few times. ;)
I wrote how I thought there wasn't enough talk in the Bears needing a safety. Glad they felt the same way.
We are flirting with a bubble but not there yet. at
Either way, big hole at the 4 for #badgers in 2013. (You listening recruits?)
Will You Ever Follow Me ? .... Or Tweet Me ?
Jesus that is lol
We made it!
Just finished awesome photo shoot today in a beautiful park!
that wasn't to you lol idiot!
Spring is here!!
I miss goth night
$99 for an nfl jersey? Ridiculous? Nike gonna cause gang issues over this.
-- apparently that's far too subtle of a point to make on twitter. but kudos for trying.
do you actually have any news sources that support your claims?
Ok have fun kiddo but not too much fun:P
I've actually been on Loveline before while I was playing in TBS. I've been a long time listener so twas a dream come true!
Preview is my most used mac app, opens everything w/o fussing
Our camp's two gigantic moving trucks and packed and on the road to BR City. Wrapping stuff up before boarding the RV to NV in the morning.
has a bunch of scholarship essays to to read
It's a great day.
I wanna see lol
Remember Y2K? AIM? Napster? Answering Machines? Submit to perform at the Milwaukee Ave Arts Fest 7/25. (Theme is "10 years gone".)
RT : As a manager i've learned that the difference between a pebble and a mountain lies in whom you ask to move it.
"There is such an opportunity & obligation for the Church to help children early in their lives." - Pastor
the only way to fix tna or impact or whatever its called is to erase the peoples memories of that last 4 to 5 years.
Well, us blacks love us some cool-Aid
I'm gonna spam yo phone with emojis!
Sounds like has got those moves like Jager.
it say a lot when u return to #value village 2 days later 2 buy the old mens #leather #coat u hid in the girls clothing area.
Looked like durant got fouled on that 3
Good luck bud! We are following!
yes please! Why not meet me tonight for mid-week happy hour? :)
Right! haha. I suppose I should be too. I guess it hasn't really fully hit me yet. I was shaking when trying for tix though
hey steve just doing my thing. My campaign is catching fire a little at a time
#PhilanthropyFriday Follow alum 's , helping human + animal victims of #DV reach safety together.
whoohoo on my way!!💘😘
i have a mosquito bite on my face. thanks softball thts jst what i wanted.....
"it's like a country club, but then it gets filled with molecular biologists"
he's vrowd-surfing!
Finally caved, I am now officially an iPhone user - it feels weirdly cool :-)
Just looked it up on IMDB and disappointed it's no-names. Original had Swayze, Sheen, Ferris Buller's sister, Caroline in the City
It's crazy how you can look back & see how much you've changed.
Junior year has taught me so much
i miss my meatball! wahh
Ive been sticking off , freaking off , beating off with your girlfriend =)
< back to bein worlds biggest brewer fan!
Luckily, the shoes I have on are basically slippers. Do I shuffle around drinking tea and reading? Yes.
he works nights and I work days ! But let's Skype later(:
RT: Nineteen innings of baseball today ... no runs yet.
& I can honestly say, I love my life <3
Quote of the day: "Give me a place to stand and I can move the world."- Archimedes
Time for a new phone!!!
“: my son said he liked Steven's dress better. Ha!” LOL!
Now that would just be disgusting, even if I liked bacon hahhahaha
I don't want to leave!!
#ThingsIGetAlot....DAMN ! You gotta fat as ; )
what does rofl mean? haha i love you!
We've got a lot of great stuff hitting the site in April… you may want to hold out if you're not in a hurry… just saying. ;)
Talk to your computers about Virus Protection
they better hurry up and jump in...
Cornell Dubilier Introduces Type 947D, High Energy Density DC Link Capacitors for Larger Inverter Systems
damn i feel sorry for the knicks right now
good game against us at SKC. wish it had ended differently but it was neat to see a legend of the game. thanks
Watching "Once Upon a Time" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Just realized a minor typo, it's Green Mount Cemetery, not how we typed it. Sorry!
Robin Van Perdie because all season he played great and is a goal scoring machine!
2strong Ent. is checking me out! just got an email from them!!
Tonight's pint night: Spring Bock.... Followed by some mind stimulating trivia at 7 !
Haha at the zoo still. This is intense.
yeah O: <3
looking forward to seeing Stacy's film too, we missed it at Sundance!
Nored, Smith, Hopkins, Woods, and Jones, out after the timeout.
#JaneByDesign this is the funniest episode so far! xD adam adam and adam :))
if you see this tweet, please lemme know that you know I love you and thank you for all you've done for us #NSN!
My Oscar® Pick, Best Picture: The Artist
It took long enough. That is good news, tho.
Anyone watching #themiddle The Middle. That is so Indianapolis Average family
Thanks, Emma, for the #ff. i'm great, thanks! Great news about your college! xx
#1 options advisory service in America. Consistently outperforming the DOW, S&P 500, and Nasdaq. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Almost home lol
I had the stop the play or dube would have been behind our backline 1on1. Pulled him down and took my yellow
God, please get me through this. Please. I feel so alone and I just dk if i can do this.. #broken hearted..
Knock knock Taryn Brooks
Mayor Bloomberg says bill to monitor whether local banks are serving their communities is "ridiculous." B/c banks never lie/cheat/steal...
Who needs the world world when i got u? Beautiful song by
Share share share share!!!!!!!!! Havelin and I are all ears..or eyes..
At work bout to make this 13hr day go by fast
I'll be in the mix at the hangar tonight! $3 you call it's & $2.50 Beers all night long!
The Date of Axial Compressor Fundamentals + AxSTREAM Workshop in Bangalore, KA, India has changed from April 16-20 to April 9-13.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 255
He knocked out? :c aww well fuck it. Goodnight ya
Hey, thanks for reading my blog and getting the word out. Excellent!
Twiturm.com - F.O.E DA CLIQUE - DIS IS THE LIFE twiturm.com/i9uo5 via NEW YEAR HIT
im 22 turning 23 this oct :-) how old r u?
RT ": Sometimes I feel like smacking a hoe"
Adam Glick Adam Glick is partnering with #farmers , #chefs , #souschefs , #linecooks , #packagers , #shippers & #bicycledelivery-#men and #…
I understand the theory. #goodrelations has shown it works in practice for Best Buy. Outside ecommerce, you have proof points?
Yankee closer Mariano Rivera has torn ACL, out for season, maybe end of career. Sad day for all baseball.
Where the hell is my jacket?! I've looked every where for it and its nowhere to be found. Wtfffff
Cost of fuel?
Who needs Prince when I can sign Derrick Lee for half the price and half the years......Yeah I said it.
We picked another winner for tonight's #NFLDraft! Congrats to ! Check your DMs for info on claiming your 2 tickets for tonight!
because you can't keep leaving me ! and that is good news #yayshannon!!!!
Countdown to May StrEATS is on! Finish what you're doing and get down here for the music, food and fun.
nice tweet to yourself! lol
Rainy & coldd I'd rather have snow -__-
. two social anxieties for laptop use in coffeehouse: nostalgia for public sphere and treatment of people as objects
We're open today until 7pm. There are two relative events today.
making people look stupid in front of thousands of viewers.
KEY EU FISH AND FARMING TALKS IN LONDON
of course but you either believe in progressive taxation or not.,
damn, your voice is amazing! Unforgiveable will always give me chills! Would luv 2 have u perform in Chicago!
can you bake
RT : Excited to be part of the 1st humanitarian relief social media center-Red Cross's digital center powered by Dell
The lover is a monotheist who knows that other people worship different gods but cannot himself imagine that there could be other gods.
it is SO good! The transformations, the history. I heart drag cabaret!
no...Lee me 'lone lol
I feel lucky to be a First Class citizen. My condolences to everyone else who didn't make the cut.
I'm in love with #ColinFirth!
When I thought I was lost, is and I am very much the life that I will always love
I need your detes. Soon?
Special thanks to #Adobe for sponsoring lunch at Accessibility Camp DC this Saturday. via:
any clue where I can find that Bears fight song the guys in the Big Show played tonight?
keep yo fast as right thou
Bernard! Make me go there on twitter! 😂😂😂 jk jk
It's the natural order of things!
That's the ultimate revenge.
hi nancy. 3-2 BSU Softball over SL. Haha. Watch our games online live starting Friday!
can't argue with that but we like everything loud!
Same here, man! I feel like that I have very few things to edit. Everyone was on the ball yesterday evening.
that picture is just fucking priceless. shout out to #oomf who made it as a "gift" for me xD
ZICO is in Santa Monica right off the promenade! Come chill out and hydrate! Grab a complimentary ZICO while you can!
first time?! isnt it amaze!!
funny because i was tweeting his lyrics 3 days ago and he is country....
2nd prize at #health2dev goes to .... team NCI ... congrats!
Big turnover with 2:07 left.
I want to marry harry potter #whichIwasawitch #whereismywand?
where can I find the story on the 2001 best jobs if you want to save the world... on the web??
Spent another night playing 360 (COD & AC2).. gotta sleep sometime, lol
Rick needs to put the ball in Russ hands and live with consequences. Tell chane to crash glass
Dirty Randy's dirtiness is off the charts.
i'm really into balanced breakfasts lately. at noon.
"I can walk & breathe AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!" Lol. I hate that damn song, its stupid af.
welcome to my san francisco life. get use to it lol
I oppose for Governor because I support quality, affordable health care and good wages for all families
#Timbers fans... How Tough is your Goal keeper? Find out tonight :30 and 11
support hard to find if u need me I am here. Know we had our problem but we both grown n everyone need someone they can call
"not like id leave when they do it tho, i stand over their shoulder to make sure they dont fuck my phone up lol"
hey you okay?
Gonna bump a fatty with
pussy ass nigga man
She tastes like a milkshake made with hard liquor I told you before & I’ll tell you again don’t underestimate thePOWER of a woman
Qian Yu, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
I noticed he mounted a wine rack behind the mower seat. All he needs is a pee jug and he never has to get off it.
What " sacrifice" is Obama asking of the 47% of Americans who pay NO Fed Income Tax? NONE.
so a Bjork venue. Liked it. Not used often though.
I'd be down for that. :)
Top 6 Tips from our LegalShield lawyers:6. Program your LegalShield provider law firm's phone number into your cell phone.
Ready to get home to Baltimore so I can Tatt the rest of me up
Sleepy sleepy.
"Unicorns are not the answer." -- "Then it's not a valid question." -- me.
Fist fight, with a girl, over curly fries vs regular fries? Best prom ever!
Feels like it is so much later than 7:18. Still too early to go to bed
I liked it well enough but I wasn't blown away like I have been with some of her other books.
Thank you to all our apparel fans for asking us to join! We would love to hear how and where you wear your Charles River Apparel.
I feel bad.. I only did one thing. -_-
Screen on the Cow! Tonight: 9-5, rain or shine! Call and reserve your spot for our special theater seating. 404-874-3751. Movie at dusk.
I AM SO BORED
Meet me at the lake.At the Park.Or in your room.
Crazy busy week already! Thanks for helping me with the day, I may need you again tomorrow, lol!
sometimes it's a whale, too!
Okay X, to satisfy your requirement, next time I'll pick the fight with you. Happy?
My A+ spring intern is looking for a summer gig in publishing. While she can always work for me again, I like to spread the luck.
I have an new dog his name is snoopy.
such a cruel joke that I have to layover here just to fly to Orlando & drive back
watching freaky friday
I think so
you smell, but like no you really fucking smell. take a shower please.
slayerS wins np.
yes, I never like being stereotyped, that is for sure. And I do love technology. Texting has its place
The Big Band Dance was a success!
Shout out to all my newest followers.
Timbale player looks like none other than Sheila E! Probably playing with her father, Pete Escovedo.
You are so welcome! Can't wait to see the spread.
Even with inflation factored in, could anyone argue that is more valuable than on just about any level?
Someone I know is on Wheel of Fortune tonight, but hasn't been allowed to tell us how he did. Good luck, Joe! Can't wait to watch! :)
And i could only sell 2 out of the 5 books i bought back so if i had a gun..............
I do too, and I said i'm suprised you don't like Princeton because almost EVERYBODY I know likes him, but everybody's dfrnt
t(-_-) hey wanna go eat!
We wish best of luck and Godspeed on his journey to Wales. We'll miss you!
It's a dirty...world
Arrogant empire photo shoot
Mick Jagger's "Miss You" With Booker T. at the white house was crazy good!
If we always do what we've always done we'll always get what we've always gotten...
Have a great stay in Japan! Happy to keep you connected!
trying to book one with Rosedale right now. We will let you know!
Bad days make the good days better.
For more information call New Horizon Theater, Inc. 412-431-0773 or
Umm we're gonna do this and make it work! And we don't give a fuck about your opinion.
upgrading our install to 1.5 & adding bunch of plugins for student projects. Last time all our exhibits broke so
I remember the good old days when my mom and I will watch Law & order SVU together :) ya... That was the good old days :)
Home sweet alone
my place 7pm. There is a keg of Boont Amber.
Your vulgarity amuses me. Congrats BTW.
I am purveyor of fine quality bottoms, boobs and brains.
did you find Jesus?
harry potter fucking ended! why?!?
sent all info but with no success. Any roles that fits my profile let me know.
"Get equity or die trying" I'm so middle class..Yay!
Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart. - Alan Alda
follow she follows back!!
I actually was accepted to UCLA...and chose UK
Homo! You sucked @ cine space in Hollywood lame homo
Amped for the party of the summer. Club vain Detroit 1500 Woodward.. Sat 30th....
Tragic that US internment camps during WWII are requiring a history lesson here.
And no SB guarantee from Rex. RT : Tiger loses & MLB player doesnt get busted for steroids. Day can't get worse for sports media
Looking forward to seeing some #49ers tonight in
followed beautiful
ugh i can't sleep D:
he works till 3 then he taking jacoub remeber
whadddafux are you doing? Hang out wif me!
Seriously? Uggg hurry up! RT RT Still in delay. Hang in there, #Cubs, #Reds fans
THANK GOD we didn't buy those tickets
Just heard this morning about a bat flying around in cabin of plane from Madison to Atlanta. Wisconsin in the news again!
what is the status?
you let me down time after time so its no point anymore im saying fuck it!!
i was just listening to beez in da trap, das ma shit too ;)
Oldest, non renovated arena in the country, though.
Forgot how much I love north carolina <3
Did you know that Miami’s oldest home, the Wagner House, was moved from its original location to make way for the Metrorail in the 1980’s?
When are you going to London?! SUPER JEALOUS!
/ The next BUZhunt #SWAG Round contest will award iTunes gift cards to 3 lucky (and skillful) winners...
Am I the only one that thinks Facebook has gotten WAY complicated?! #WTFIsAllThisStuff???
Major standoff in my house right now...my wife wants to watch "The Notebook" and I'd like to watch Tosh.O
Installing Komplete 8? Set aside a few hours. ;) I'm quite pleased with it so far (installed 2-3 months ago).
A comment on a video of a baby goat: "What are you going to do when it gets bigger? Release it back to the wild?"
That was so gay .
big points to for responding politely, promptly, and crediting a small mistaken fee on my account. why use metro?
Running my first #neuroscience experiment today! So
I can't focus. I can't think straight right now. I can't get my mind off of this...
Not happy with J Lo's dissing on a #dmb song... rocked it!
good had off work today so I hung out with my sister and friends!!
wants his friends to continue this story by adding a leading sentence. lets go: Once upon a time there was a dwarf called.
I think so. Hope I spelled it right, lol!! This game is AH-MaZing!! Are u doing post-game?
RT if u don't have a favorite ICONic Boy but u love them all 
FACEBOOK FANPAGE IS NOW UP BE SURE TO SHOW SOME SUPPORT AND LOVE FOR THE PAGE BY CLICKING THE LIKE BUTTON
lol i think it is funny
Learn about Torleif Elgvin's research projects and publications, and a brief mention of a forthcoming Brill publication:...
Its been a month since Demi replied to me :'D.
I noticed that too!
hahaha sorry! lol jk, so is your twitter name in reference to Ms Donofrio ?
Productive week in movies: 21 Jump Street, Cabin in the Woods and tomorrow... THE RAID
my nigga on repeat too much bass
Now: AB 2242 takes on problems with 'zero tolerance' policies
Today is going to be miserable.
hey man let's hang soon!
The fact that they totally ignored me tho..
Life is not complex. We are complex. Life is simple, and the simple thing is the right thing. - Oscar Wilde -
haha imagine I go to church and baptize my phone? x)
Press Releases: Brazil-U.S. Global Partnership Dialogue (Brasilia, April 16th 2012) Joint Communiqué
New York City is so much
oh:( i understand
must have had a long night because i am actually up before him <3
omg I want drinking
All artist lookin for somethin different Get @ Dope Musik im the next hot thing up and comin!
I get up at 5 am.
Goodnight to you! :)
Thanking #God. For yet another day! Glorify da Lord!
You can centralize your projects and add a boss, coworker or project partner to see your progress! www.IamINC.biz
Oh? I'd like to hear your thoughts
doin good, doin good. Home with my kids this weekend - wife's away at a women's retreat for church.
Is it weird that I feel honored to recieve a spambots very first tweet?
Wish my fone was fully charge :-( iM still sittin here
Man. I'm really digging this new EP
I will tell him hi. If I could sing like her, we'd learn their songs. Haha. Can't wait til the CD comes out
Only thing I was driving today when it came :(
We will be deputing our new title sequence in a special #September11 World Affairs Round-up. Will be posted later today on
Thank you SEO.
Ok Chitowners. I'm out!!!
hmm...that's weird. I guess I wasn't following you -_- my bad haha
Fancy seeing at the lady bball game
Dangitttt. I should've said yes..
omg I know I always get quiet >_<
I am convinced my life belongs to the society, and as long as I live it's my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
Got all choked up there for a sec... Nice shot tho kid good luck!!!
So her theory is that today's men are somehow better at their jobs because past men did similar jobs?
Hey yall take a tip from Shakspeare: throw pebbles! Yelling "Steve! "WOO!" Only wakes the whole Alley. Better yet: text Fool.
that dude is GONE!!! NO Way can he come back....Fire him
Exactly! If we take authority away from the states to regulate Reg A deals, then it becomes a viable means to raise capital.
Why do banks attach chains to their pens? If I’m trusting you with my money, you should trust me with your pen
im sure at least one guy is there just to get laid and drink free wine in a mansion - which is a great reason in my book!
Scared of Lonely
I truly love challenges.
sure. I won't have my cell but come find me on the lawn by the start.
Well I'm on my way and then maybe I'll leave again.lol
For a second you were here now your there
"What is with these a-holes bunting?!" Kim said frustratedly.
dm ya number
Turns out Neal Adams is in on the live-blog too!
Damn who know a loud man thats gon answer at this time lbs
don't remember. I forgot cuz u took too long.
is 's cell on? I sent her a text about going to Midway on the 28th.
i want a fuckin
University of Wisconsin Oshkosh Rich Text Format??
Dharun Ravi: pride goeth before a fall. I bet that plea deal sounds pretty good considering what you're facing now.
that's what she said
If you like fun then RT
a lot of face melting rock at sxsw this year, but am yearning the sonic landscape you guys impose
hey you should follow your Facebook friend back :D
can i buy a vowel?...
Let this be a lesson to people: Never, ever leave a game early.
i guess ill update my phone. . . this will take a while. .
My mother called.. they just got a iMac and closed out of the Safari browser and now can't find it so they boxed it up to return.
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith, and marrying my DREAMS!
Wonder how the Jeremy Lin haters will spin tonight. Thought he couldn't shoot the 3. Thought he'd wilt under pressure. Guess not.
Screw Melo! That is all
“: Within the covers of the Bible are the answers for all the problems men face. Ronald Reagan”
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!
McFadden looks good, JaMarcus looks big
-________- RT : And just to think I almost changed my relationship status on Fb smfh
it was. A friend was VP of Sci & Tech and I got to see an actual working nano machine (w gears!) under a microscope. Wild!
Happy Valentine's Day Everyone!
Lots of rumors floating around about CBS flipping Classic Rocker WYSP/Philadelphia to a simulcast of Sports WIP after Labor Day...
Although I am typically anti-puppet, listening to the cast recording of #AvenueQ does help lighten my mood every time.
When I learned the #Monkees lip synced I felt totally betrayed/lied to. Then I learned about evolution and was more pissed at my nuns.
NAEP Science--16% of students perform hands on science projects everyday.
If ever retweeted me I'd rub it in my dad's face for eternity. :)
Anymore questions???
seeing you at the basketball banquest on friday!!!
Red Sox should probably just put Youkilis down. He's disintegrating. Youk would make a great platoon DH for some other team.
Why?(x
i'm at #drupalcon. We should say hi.
gfd brewers. back to the bucks game
Um, the problem is that I am not there - I am still in traffic.
the reviews keep coming
Maybe ill love you one day..maybe we'll some day grow.
I've been wrestling with that, too. #EdReform is now somewhat tainted and I'm not sure what that leaves us.
I'm reading "Lighting Out for the Territory (How Samuel Clemens Headed West and became Mark Twain)" by Roy Morris, Jr.
we'll be glad to participate
Little Weapons is in San Diego again!
The giants are letting no 39 burn them the haven't pressure Brady like i want them to the giants play better
Good thing nothing came down around the course.
I still like him tho... But I can't
Global Awarenss class! boo!!!
“: I love meeting people who are badass to smoke with.” Ello!!!
Take advantage of this beautiful weather and get our eat cheap week specials for takeout!
#SlickLiving is the name of 's new mixtape that's dropping soon I can't wait to download it!!!
You're killing me, Deutch! RT : Wouldn't be a trip back to the Hill without a morning pit stop at !
“: Why does that bother me so much though?..”
made a new Facebook (: lol I got kicked out for adding alot of people yo so...add me back
Why do I feel like I have to say, "and let that be a lesson to you, young man."?
Good morning #tweeters.(: how's your morning going so far ?
Officially done with my drivings! #OnlyTookAYear x
Playing in an all-skill-level casual games group. Mariokart Wii and Boom Blox fared surprisingly poorly in group opinion after one play.
I want fucking white castles!!!
My spiritual question of the day, where does the disorder in my life stop me from being fully present?
Capital improvement program underway! New lobbies & elevators, upgraded fire safety system
RT : Sitting down with "regular folks" at a picnic table, said the cookies looked like they came from 7-11. Wow!
i broke my phone :( ill b gettin a new 1 shortly ...DM me nd ill hit u later...but thanx
The Spurs Mobb Deep Shook Ones commercial just passed the Celtics commercial ....
I wouldn't discount the value of instructor involvement in online discussion. My students love that I'm not a distant observer
Best Idea EVER!
#ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch A movie you watch when you're sleepy
looked so cute last night on Twitcam <3
General bk club consensus: thumbs up on 's Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day: insightful, surprising, tho just a tad snarky
Ahaha! You think there's a bar somewhere that has a drink called The Water of Life?!
The line to vote wasn't this long for the gubernatorial election. Very telling...
got an A on my math final (:
Of all the topics to claim superiority, Perry seriously wants to talk about TX air quality?? today??
awesome video, the song is great and Happy Christmas to you too :-)
My moto is tell someone wat u wanna say when u have the time to do so cuz u never kno when it will be to late ^_^
All our lives, we've been waiting for someone to call our leader.
Good to hear. It is one of the wines for #TasteandPlay. Looking fwd to it! Are you going to Food & Wine?
I guess. I just can't imagine liking that kind of player/play. smh
Omg. I really need to start my Christmas shopping =(
Thanks to
Behind every successful person there will always be a pack of haters!!
“: I'll be watching TV's "#Monuments to Excellence" on tonight at 7:30 pm!”
Viewing for Aunt Marie
check out the fresh new deals at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com and don't forget to use repcode MARYJANEEATER to save 20% or 10% FOR LIFE
im sending out copies of my show from last night to some friends groove theory on lowerlevelradio.com monday nights 7-11 pm cst
A few thoughts from #GeneYoungblood's “Secession from the Broadcast: The Internet and the Crisis of Social Control” , so many more..
Phil is done....
wow i can feel it, how about u?
we all live this crazy life which is like spinning all of them plates!
#Tea before bed helps rest my head. Goodnight.
im going to stay up till 5:00am yayyyyy
What happened in london?
they definitely outplayed for 2/3 of game, but OT winner would be huge for Pens...or Flyers, for that matter..,
He's not in town, but everpresent!
Finally home!Ah!Time to kick back and relax.Tomarrow 100%.All day everyday.
Have a bless'd Friday Baltimore...
#upstream2012 afternoon sessions are starting!
Lol ain't that crazy? If Jesus had a twitter that would be nothing tho!
Please email ---
I worry about this regulation. We need something, but I'd like a better sense that this is that something.
Should be public parking all day until like 10pm or 11pm when you can't be in the park.
RT : boring...can I have a cupcake lol #ornaw<<<go head dont take the big green one!
Let's try and make it that question about the most retweeted tweet!
🎶...Party Rock in the Hoouuse tonight...🎶
LA are you ready for Tonight ! All the cool kids will be there!
Shouldn't be a problem with Tweeps that know you. Just never know who will grab a RT and run with it. I've had it happen to me.
Pagers are the things doctors carry still. Let me see if I can find it on wikipedia or urban dictionary.
as far as know
Quite impressive Kleine. You are correct.
Let's call alfredo sauce what it really is: butter and cheese gravy.
Follow for amazing tweets. Believe me
"The Art & Science of Optometric Care" Clinical Curriculum course starts later this week in Phoenix! See you there!
Im such a baby I'm going back into memories watching all these little kid movies lol I'm so stupid and childish at times •emberresed•
follow me diz ashley from 7th block lol i got my twitter back whoop
hell nahh lmao -.- he was just my free spark up for a day lmao -.-
Yeah me too
Going to bed early >>>>
Sometimes when life changes the circle of friends change with it.
Join former #Tigers P Dave Rozema and members of the Babe's family this Sat at Nemo's in #Detroit for the 25th Annual Babe Ruth Bday Party
Going to the Corning Museum of Glass today! :D
Finished all my things. sweet.
I hope I don't watch tv all summer
..hate to break it to ya but you can go but you're gonna answer for a few things..somethings are true, believe'em or no..
please call me back.
About to take a break and get some food...a nigga is starving out here, lol...
Nice win #Noles! Lucky in the 9th RT WALK-OFF!!!! Jayce Boyd gives the Noles the sweep with a walk-off double. FSU wins 6-5.
this is one of the dumbest, most uninformed takes I've ever seen. The #Wisconsin hate knows no bounds.
Anyone in #ROC have a VAG-com obd reader I could use for 10 minutes? would pay $10 or $15. Audi allroad has suspension warning light
Can't think of that guy without hearing Johnny Depp saying "Are you a MexiCAN, or a MexiCAN'T?"
so true bro, so true
lmao. ill try not too... im writing shit better than anything youve ever done.
In my almost 37 years on this planet, I have met one other female with the same spelling.
Now to March 30 student submitted 3 minute videos on "How to green Your Prom" wins prizes incl. trip to New York. www.teensturninggreen.org.
I'm tired of feeling so alone because of this.
Go to my fb page. Under my recent post, click selective tweets, click "go to application" +ur twitter name, put "#fb" after msg
I'd like to see the Wildcats take on the Bobcats!!
#4famouswords you can trust me
Free candy?! Where?!
Haha that's clever! Our fan club is actually gonna be called The Varsity.
I received my third rejection letter in the last week, so I decided to embark on my most ambitious and offensive work to date.
Road trip to Dublin with my two best friends on Saturday. I can't wait for the change of scenery
I am reading the Kindle version now, but only about 12% through, so still not sure.
what omg jealous I'll always be pale ..
To see me? :3 oh how nice of you RT : hey im actually gonna go to the talent show.
Check ! We're on right now! "Little One" thanks
Fox is bringing back '24' this Fall to chronicle every hour of my #twitterbinge. 24/24
Oh what the hell. Welcome, Thomas Colton Padalecki. Your daddy (and his costar) is one of my favs.
"#youknowtheycheating if they got code names for multiple girls in their phone : boo #1, Baby mama, Baby #2"
Not a promo for Homewood Suites, but they have hands down, the best rooms with mini real kitchens. Homewood University in Durham ROCKS.
Thanks for the Logo! I put it up as the background on my twitter profile. Looks SWEET!!
4:20 FUNNY | Why did the birdie go to the hospital? To get a tweetment.
Ah the awkward moments before class starts....
Hm i do wonder...
THANK YOU!
a little treat, we have to go backto russets soon unfortunately. Order a rye manhattan next time to wash them down.
Ditto “: Ugh! I HATE when mobile sites don't give the option to switch to the regular site. ”
An almost brand new Tamron 11-18 mm AF aspherical wide angle lens on sale for only $400 on Amazon. Great for groups, architecture, nature...
..you'd stand a better chance than I would. Only way for me is if he likes to ski or hunt..hahaha!
sit on the floor and stretch. It usually helps.
a collective thought from all of us
Scraping paint off of floors
Wow... I think my ex is in a relationship... FML... And just when things couldn't get any worse. Happy freakin holidays...
she is her about to go off
that's guy in the duck shirt is a creep . Lol
I love Nordstrom rack! Have fun :)
good times, I'll have to noodle on this while at my upcoming meeting.
That is endorsement enough for me. I shall need to look into the book further.
Boom. In. Do we get to use flame throwers? Also, why'd you crop your wife out of your twitter pic?
According to the bimbo on the black loop, a UTI is worse than AIDS.
sometimes life isn't fair
I'm always late for work now. I don't care. I want eggs.
haha I just look in twitter and Instagram for different pictures(:
Here I sit...on the computer...eating a chewy bar. I could do pilates, go for a run, etc..cannot even will myself to do a push up
WILL IT COST MORE TO HAVE MY CAR FIXED AT CAR CRAFTERS? No. Only what is damaged will be fixed. At Car Crafters, there are no surprises.
#YouGetPointsIf you like to run.
Van Jones: "Make the choice that gives you more choices."
bring Paisley and Mindi on over and there will be even more animals here.
niggas luv to ride in ya whip, but hate giving u gas money. and say dats sum hoe ass shit if u ask...smh
i dont wanna be mean..but how can i let a girl off nicely...and tell her to leave me alone?.. :( sigh..
Thanks for the #FF love , now has found me on twitter! The marvels of technology! Happy Friday!
#TwitterLessRobert wears a mouth guard...on the bench
hey you tweet for yourself?
Tonight I will be shutting it down club saga come watch epic rap battles good performances n ur boy kdub kill the stage!!!
He probably didn't want to show his face :eli:
I woke up thinking I was late for school.
Will you please follow ? They're holding a concert for charity here in Cincinnati soon! (:
When Harrison is playing football and runs right into a tree.>>>
I always think people are giving me dirty looks when we make eye contact.
your pretty hot for an older woman.
Matt from Weezer/Rentals has a twitter now. we suggest you follow him. the original Sassmaster
Lol iknw it was kinda country n ghetto but im glad to see people recognize that...
Boo, I'm the oldest person at this alumni event :(
lol only for you, sister stiffknee!
im trying. I did stop making those movies though. #TwoArtistsOneCup. That's a start
“Always be mindful of the kindness and not the faults of others” ~Buddha
yooo I'm bored.
I'm soo pretty that I may melt if I saw myself in the mirror ;;)
you were prob part of that huge road trip to get dorito locos or w/e their called
Please join me in a most specialistic ever Good Luck Atlantis version of the Happy Friday dance!
Irony in print: RT : Newt reassures his base: "Marriage is a sacred institution between one man and one or more women."
Sonic for breakfest
Renault wants to Captur market - New Zealand Herald
Way to rub it in... RT If Gators & Panthers fans didn't have enough overtime losses today, the Heat just went down in OT
once a snake always a snake. been busted twice before, only a matter of time before the truth comes out again. #notagoodcoach $$$
Man needed help with photocopier.
"...in Jeb's kingdom dissent is frowned upon and journalists are supposed to be accommodating stenographers,"- America's Next Bush, S.V.Date
There is a scam going around where you get an email saying your account here is suspended and you have to complete an offer. Its bullshit.
#Lions turning into a top draw for #NFL with four prime time night games including "handshake" game rematch against
At least two #brewers would have to reach base,without getting doubled up,for Braun to get another AB
get it, girl!
lmao deffinately wow u thought my shorts were too short? i didnt think they were that bad when i pulled them down lol
Dumb Niggas Hustle For Hoes Young Niggas Hustle For Clothes Real Nggas Hustle For Goals...
that would preempt the need for a frying pan with smoke detector & fire extinguisher, which I thought I needed.
We still have last minute tickets for only $8! Come spend the day at The Mad Frog! Let us know if you would like a ticket!
In love with my foster kittens. They are so stinkin cute.
Maybe it is a good thing - Izzo seemed impressed. But I want players to fight for their starting spot, not give it up.
hey GUESS WHAT?! :)
Off to to satisfy my craving for their mac n cheese...and of course beer!
that's ok! I love hearing you over and over again.
I had to write a journal entry in history today. I started it with "Um.. so basically" and my teacher collected them and read mine out. Haha
Kobe may miss tonight's game cause he's sick in the stomach. Chris Andersen may miss tonight's game cause he's sick in the head!
We won both games!
Never... You're the only guy for me 
Thank you for the mention! I look forward to your tweets...keep up the Great work! Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!
Was talking to an #independentbookseller today who said she was putting the amazing #TRAFFICKED on her wish list. :)
Going downtown for an event tonight? Try our FREE shuttle service from Daily Grill at 6th and Flower. Call (213) 622-4500 for details.
But I cannot forget Refuse to regret So glad I met you and Take my breath away Make everyday
same here
I'm got shocked -___- you don't knw me ? You forgot me ? -___- rawrr~
Within myself I saw my soul, and felt the feeling of soul,the light that I became,and the love that I brought back will be with me always.
RT : Hot panel... #sm to Drive new Product Innovation
It was all Coach Butler Fault
His performances on were electric. See live in our studio & hear his new single
same here
": The Saints will remind the NFL they are an elite team today. Recreate win from Superbowl 44 over Colts." Yeh u rite!
who got they ass beat cuz?
i know your a big basketball fan but do you follow nascar if you do u have a favorite
"I base most of my fashion taste on what doesn't itch." -- Gilda Radner
What happened to all the Boo Berry? I thought they brought it back! Was gonna get some for my honey. He's never had it. There's none.
Absolutely- cool stuff!
#birthdayshoutout goes out to PEBBLES!!! !!! Happy Birthday
me be tiwed.
Working to communicate the necessity of vital documents for homeless people. A bit of a struggle, but must be done. So, we doing it.
lol! Let the Hostess Cakes hoarding begin ;)
you should invite he's pretty lonely
Just relax your neck and find pillows that can support it properly. :-)
Wow, this is a fast 50K. 75% of the field hit the first split (7.6 miles) at 10 min/mile or quicker!
thank-you for the kind words : )
You are very welcome - thanks for coming! And I do love what I do. How could you tell? :P Presenting/teaching is my *thang*, bro!
Heading out tomorrow after gets off work!! Going to Stockton, CA to watch kick some ass & takeover points lead!!
Sorry to hear of your loss. Watch for signs of mourning and take the lone boar to a vet before you consider a new friend.
The Little Kids On My Bus Are So Sweet . (:
: Regret is a bitch to live with. Don't do it to yourself. Live the life u want. Start now.
You're gonna hate getting old, it doesn't get better! You going to Layne's show today?
I look like yes & you like no.
Four day weekend was great! They always go by so fast though. At the day job for now, hope you all have a great week!
laundry...out of sight, definitely out of mind. And that human flaw has served me well, in this case. ;-)
is totally throwing a 503. They mean business. Wikipedia just went with a simple JS overlay.
oh no! U will be missed.
at some point today i have to come out of this bathroom
#SanDiego can't wait to be named
All you need is love! Stop by FITzee thru 2/14 to show kids at you care- just $1 and a paper heart is all you need!...
table 17 seat 10 in the super bounty.
Yay! You won trivia! I have your address on file unless you've recently moved. Congrats and thanks for playing!
Try our Caprese Vegetarian: Fresh Mozzarella, fresh Roma tomatoes, pickled red onions & young arugula w a roasted shallot vinaigrette!
It will be very interesting to see how the #Flyers bounce back in game 5. If you want to see a competitive game, turn on CNBC. #NYROtt tied.
sorry to miss your #metweetup at an awesome wellness conference at Sunday River instead
Koustubha Kale: Over 9000 libraries in this state, most of which are non-automated
never me ! Doooooley
I already learned why it's bad to stop a falling knife. Now I've learned it's bad to squeeze lemons with a hand that was cut by said knife.
Excited to be out celebrating at Red, White & Boom! Will be a great event w/ 20,000 of our closest friends. Hope to see everyone here.
if the Boyz legit followed me I would like be set for life! It's all I want for my bday!
And hey, don't go be a jerk and outbid me because I mentioned it on the Tweeter.
Great night at the Bootleg - sold out! Thanks and for having us on the bill.
First few days of class was fun! I'm going to love learning Japanese!!
I'm going back to sleep!
keeps me sober and responsible because I wait 30 minutes between beers ;)
Ever have a day with that undercurrent of unease for no practical reason? Strange.
I took a shower can out and my doggie was at the door waiting for me...<3
we open back up tomorrow at 11:00am, come in and enjoy lunch...don't forget Happy Hour!
So what did you drink and eat over the weekend? Let's see how many people answer the same thing!
Have you started printing with the MakerBot yet? Am thinking of getting one for a future project.
we make it in #pdx -
Met my bf's parents. Hope it's true guys always date girls like their mothers. His is AWESOME!
jump ship
bring it -I love corned beef!
Love the reinvention of a boiler room at Ames Free Library
If I had Heather for a mom, I might do that too.
Virginia Breen, author of I Am in Here: The Journey of a Child w/ Autism Who Cannot Speak but Finds Her Voice on Today Show 10/14
I know right I think I bombed that test I'm Freaking out
apparently I need to start stalking you, since you don't respond to my DM's.
we don't mind
is there any other channel or website that shows Jersey Shore?? Please RT :)
ALEX I LOVE YOU. you and austin are hilarious, i love your videos!! want to follow me? :) <3
I'm fiend'n lemon pepper
Butler argues juvenile court system was racist from inception in 1890s, not an idealistic system that was later tainted by racism
If I Had a Gun, you know what i do. I'd point that shit straight at the sky and shoot heaven on down for you.
I voted for Obama
Ted Danson is the boss on CSI now?! Count me in!
thanks for uploading your images!
Ooh! Haha. I must be getting old. :) There are some cool proj mgmt tools for Macs in the app store. Microsoft Proj was a pain.
All-nighter for me tonight:(
I miss what not to wear on Fridays :( I forget to watch it on tues. now.
I wish there was an app for zapping stupid people who think they can go through the Amtrak gate doors before everyone else.
Without a hand of regret, I'll hold ya to it
Hi there. How are you?
please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <333333 [PLEassseeee
Having lunch at South Point next to Micheal Gaughan, maybe he'll pick up the check.
The weather is perfect for summer dresses and short shorts. Yes.
which 17 paint scheme would you want to be 'cruisin' around DIS in??
ok,ok...I apologize ...I hate being deprived of technology! !!
Appreciate the follows Thank you!
Sorry, wish I had a date, but we haven't finalized the timing.
Get better c:
Thanks for spreading the word!
Hey if you like metal please give us a listen :)
thanks for the shoutout! Go Vols!
I love smelling like bonfires.
thanks friend. 2012 is going to be a great year for us!
Happy Freaking Birthday DCriss
What's your name?
Harold McGee KEYS TO GOOD COOKING, signing books tonight 7 pm Kepler's, Menlo Park. Tuesday at Omnivore in SF, Wed at Bookshop Santa Cruz.
I'm amazed how excited I am to make these stuffed peppers tonight.
Don't let finances be the thing that holds you back!
KNOWLEDGE, & its proper use, wins battles..
LOL OMG i love this! "Psych wrong number"
How to know if you're having the same wedding as everyone else on (via )
Good point. I've had a lot of weird follower requests. Some were so disturbing I can't believe they would even send a request!
sam-a-lam! I miss you. I wasted too many characters on the s.
can someone give me a buzz? 813-314-5379
you smell like puberty!
DO IT.
So proud of my accomplishments not only as a person but as a DJ. Ive come so far & I dont plan on stopping anytime soon
Look out.... Guess who is 3rd in power rankings.....
I have always been a trendsetter!
#Follow my #SocialMediaInTheD friends!
599 set bowling tonight to finish year with 196.5 average. Not bad but got eliminate some of those bad games that keep me from averaging 200
“: You know you're crazy when....” I hang out with you all the time. Lol <3
U know I gotta keep droppin beats. Music is my crack and im the crack head! Lol.
CONGRATS TO ALEC GRAY - Another episode of " Special Agent Oso"
Ok final question is on environment - know some people in twitter happy to hear that. Also, I'm getting sleepy. Time to go home!
i See She Aint Have A Problem Movin On Bitches Aint Real Like they Say they Is Relationships Aint for Me : (((
Hint: Those aren't bidets on the wall. ;)
ah im hungry!
Intelligent idealism is closer to intelligent materialism than stupid materialism.
Lock your doors
Valentine's Day is secretly one of my fav holidays...
I can be I'm working out in AM so shoot me a time
I am healthy hair by Racheal will be visting a salon near you. We have 16 counties on lock. 2700 salons to cover Enjoy nothing but the BEST.
#WhenIThinkOfYou i think of a million smiles followed by an endless heartbreak.
Check out the Penguins take on the The Flyers at 7:30 or the Rangers take on The Sens at the same time.
IN SEMINOLE COUNTY: EAST BOUND I-4 IS CLOSED APPROACHING THE ST JOHNS RIVER BRIDGE - Baldinger
Hell yeah RT“: The fighter was one of the realest movies I've seen in a minute.”
I baked you cookies for national weather person day...ok they're for SB party...but we'll claim they're dual purpose.
the world is ending, HV has won 2 games in a row!
thank you thank you!!!! :)
Just a Country Girl, living in a my own Country World! Where there are cute cowboys and Country food all around! Plus watching Duck Dynasty!
You too!
we'll be in tonight! My first time ever! Looking forward to it
WOO K.G!! where did all the fans go.. i cant here them?
i have rich friends .. so the fuck what they millionaires, im not so I have to work harder than everyone so i can be
sounds like is taking off quickly -- congratulations!
When you want to go to sleep but your just not tired.. 😓
Thanks for the retweet!
You seemed like you wanted to go.
mama is fierce !
feeling fat today?
*poker face* Who are you? RT : *bend and snap*
It's 8:23 AM and things keep annoying me left and right. 😒
It's December already? Christmas is around the corner..
Did u tweet for the #iPodTouch?? Where are you all??
New this year, Compact 4wd Tractor Pull!
Spring break 2013
New Spanish class with 20+ mgrs from gaming yesterday! Imagine their employees'/clients' appreciation when addressed in their mother tongue!
Going to watch 's inspiring speech again at the recent Greenlight Greater Portland Economic Conference.
What's up ? Where are the #Badger Fans hanging out today in Boston?
how's it going :p
shower time(;
Sometimes I don't tell you what i'm feeling, because I'm hoping the silence between us would give you a clue.
#selfawareness is growth!!
OMG what is this a Hollywood movie! Like my dad would say "pura mafia."
I miss those "choose your own path books" I always ended up dying
hey lil bro., how r u dear heart? I've just been here & there, trying to find a job, & enjoy the summer. Much luv xoxo ;)
is describing how bike delivery service can complement CSA and other ag/food businesses
now 2 crews will have to go home next week
Thanks for the S.O.
Awesome, awesome grant! Love the West Side Market
#ThisWeek is terrible without Amanpour leading the roundtable -wasting time w/ bachmann's blunder am I seriously watching this?
Hi We're interested in you as a guest on our radio show. Please email me at to talk details. Thanks.
Donated 10 bags of clothes to Goodwill this year. Feels so good to help others!
haha yeah we could do that
what? did i just hear a dog bark?
Canadian police, please read Tiffany's posts. She WILL NOT STOP #BULLYING on Twitter! Please do something!
When people point out things that you're really insecure about <<<<<
Depo'ing away in the valley
I almost got that one, but settled on Ethiopia Dark. I just thought of something though, do you know if they are ground or whole?
Good out fam
Lol my bad!
#DearHair Give me a Redskins Hair Style!
Database showing names of recall petition signers, but not addresses, to be made public by Wis. elections board
It still hurts....
One day I'll be famous and people will actually care what I tweet.But by then.Twitter will be gone probably.
Just confirmed with student speaker for Saturday. It will be beautiful...
We freaked out for a two days straight! Now, gotta get our heads on straight and do something cool!
drive-thru bank tellers still exist?
HOW R U MY LOVE
A great day! RT Did everyone have a good day ?
hell I don't even know what's in horchata
Finally found the volume control on tweet deck - OMG it was killing me!
are you a fan? If so email to join his street team!
I have to write a 1000 word page paper due tomorrow at 12:15 & my mom still on the computer -__-
I know dat was stupid Freaky lol
concert is in the books. Next up this week: on Monday, on Friday, and 's #XFest on Saturday!!
We have created an amazing updated Cyclo-cross course!! Check out our Website to see an updated video this week!
absolutely! & In higher ed we have experience embracing chaos which puts us ahead of the game.
Psyched to audition for "Will You...?" next Friday! Thanks guys!
Oh you've got skills! I can only knit square or rectangular objects...no skills :(
'iHalfoween' is very impressive episode! Can`t wait for the next 1!
Any need to update from ios 4.0 GM to the ios 4.0 final? I can't do a regular update.
Haha' its true though..(:
U gave me your mixtape. I represent Holistic Healing & Alternatives (H.H.A). I'm 1 of your Caregiver's there.
Truly loving music today. I took the shackles off my creativity and I'm doin my own muthafuckin thang. Retweet if you know what I mean.
lets shoot on Friday for sure
I forgot about this twitter!
thanks for the shout out! Please vote to help our organization provide services to families! www.refresheverything.com/adlcenter
using&saving c:
it definitely should be part of the warm-up to help "turn on" the neuromuscular system and prepare the body for training.
Harry Potter IV tonight, V tomorrow, and perhaps VI at midnight?
I tried staying out of this but I can't. Don't say things to people if you can't say it to their face. Just leave it
bro do you want to go ta the mall today?
So Demi Lovato and Britney Spears are the new judges on X Factor?
No clue what this is but its good
Battle of the Gretas: In Applying the Garbo Test, Why Greta Gerwig is a Bona ... - Vanity Fair
ok.. Whatever.then I'm a rule-breaking geek
did you see the Colts Irsay and his comments? Peyton Manning is now to be called Fredo, he went against the family!
Las Vegas Casino odds on #Broncos winning Super Bowl went from 50/1 with Tebow to 10/1 with Manning.
You should step in my shoes and walk a mile, and then see how hard it is to hold back the tears and fake a smile.
Hey I am going to send you an amazing photo this weekend. Just wait.
I believe you are right. Im bearish.
Miss you too!!! Hope you're well. :)
Register for Cabin Fever Book Club early as Mon., Jan. 23. Enter reading slips Feb. 1-29 for chances to win prizes like a Kindle Touch!
Thanks to a local store who donated packaged sandwiches for homeless people. It's great to be able to eat on a day other than Thanksgiving!
hope u had a safe flight!!! have fun!!
glad you saw! the book(s) ain't cheap!
Do you not think so far ahead cause I've been thinking bout forever
Belkin TuneCast Auto Live FM Transmitter for iPod for $18 + $2 s&h ...
I like trying to negotiate. Finding a middle ground of manifesting my heart's desires into reality. Some cats can pull it off..
absolutely. Did you see the IDEA commons? is having a party there 1/31.
I received two bags of candy but regifted them to others. #Weightwatchers is powerful motivation to just say no.
Moving today....Milwaukee to Palatine!
I can't stand ads. I can't stand loading, BUT I CANT FUCKING STAND IT WHEN ADs ARE LOADING !
Yes YOU!
You'll never know how eccentric you would be untill you're truly rich.
Marriage equality affirmed by the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals. A good day for love and justice.
oh okay thats kool let me know
#WhyAreYou trying to get me to check out your myspace? Do you have a laser disc you want to show me as well?
Getting angry is for animals. I am above that. I need to learn to be able to channel discord into discourse.
jay baruchel is really cute. this isn't a funny tweet it's just cold, hard, adorable fact.
that's awesome. I'm hoping I was this last semester too. Waiting on grades...
SOPA - the classy way of saying "Fuck You Internet"
Constantly reminded how good the Flight of the Conchords is. Listening to the 'actual' song followed by its parody: great (& geeky).
I'm alive
HAHA! that is a really great derby name--also kind of bad, like you said.
Virtual Desktop kind of blows my mind.
range time would be great, but this week's weather isn't looking so good.
i'll counteract this cold house with DUN DUN DUN DAAA a hot shower. it's all about the instant gratification.
What's good yo? Not trying to be a predictable cat, but I was Wondering if you would be down with a collab soon? Shits gone go
fun! Did I miss the setting of a date?
WHY ARE YOU SO SWEET?
Yeah, what happened to him? He just seemed to fall off the face of the earth. Did he lose his desire to be creative?
New York, NY: Business Opportunity Expo | Marriott Marquee
Early bedtime, scary Boardwalk Empire nightmare, midnight snack.
At least from the ladies who like code samples.
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers13
i hope everything is ok ....
haha. Its not like i go around saying it to random people.
Who doesn't know what Tapatio is!?
Very sorry to hear MCA died. I have fond memories of my dad listening to the Licensed to Ill album all the time when I was a kid.
Turns out you're not following me, so I can't DM you for the promo. :-/ I followed it!
Nah “: Come to SAS elections tonight for our new executive board! ICC 108 @ 9:30!”
Don't call me up no more asking about your baby , i'm done & want you out of both of our lives !
Tonight We are young So let’s set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun
lolz, me too!
Good morning :)
#VegasEyes by is awesome!
ahead of troy while in third? Thats the only thing that Really matters
Thanks! Wait til you hear this new album!!! Hope to catch up with you soon.
According to one interpretation of the data, I only have a 1-in-6 chance of finishing my degree. Yikes!
Wow. Chris Mann - perfect. Kudos to you!
Harry will still be him if he's bi, everyone needs to chill
Its fucking cold
Cupertino Electric in San Francisco. Another company is flying me out to visit with them next week though.
demo-ing a cherry semifreddo and peanut butter bread at 5pm
Punch Brothers into Childish Gambino into Dispatch? The Beach Boys into Bon Iver? Were they even trying this year?
for the follow!
"Love is the oxygen of the soul." via
I am not afraid to pumult you with hot french fries and
Long Pregnancy Tied to Kids' Behavior Issues - MedPage Today
The work never matches the dream of perfection the artist has to start with. -- William Faulkner
Happy Tuesday 😊
Tight! RT : It's approximately 52 days until Go Skate Day. Plenty of time to work on my olley.
i tweet him over 100 times each day!!! everyday and night
love ur passion for
Since I just woke up & it's already morning imma wake & bake, then sleep again :}
I FUKS WIT MY GUY ONE OF THE HOTTEST PRODUCERS IN THE GAME!!! KEEP AT IT BABY!!!!!
keep up the great work. Always enjoy your articles.
Insider secret! RT : After years in bookselling business, I've learned the way ISBNs work: Put the hyphens wherever you want.
Out to eat and then swimming 😃❤ having fun so far!
Tally ho! Starting to see first bumps from the initial signup wave. Waiting for more than three mins for your site? Use the feedback form.
Most lead data we access/use is gathered through website visits and lead forms using - Paul
I just downloaded the Bollywood song from "Smash." What's HAPPENING to me?
viola davis
how r u tonight?
So is my water bobble! No waste there!
Bless you both. I'm honored to be His vessel !
Is that Clarence Carter?? Nope Jose Barrea he be strokin!! Good to see GO MAVS!!!
Aubrey O'Day thinks ridiculously highly of herself. Isn't she known for being in a failed girl group?!
Penn State lands top tight end for 2013 Adam Brenneman. What a two weeks for Bill O'Brien
You got an extra seat under the shade over there?!
ha! No, she didn't. But she understands now that coffee is not just a matter of pushing a button.
Arrived in the city that never sleeps after loosing my connecting flight and spending so many hours advancing the lines at Miami airport
Lol! That was hilarious!
u and these stalkers
it took the ESPN bozos an hour and half to finally get to talk about Tebow..
Can't wait to see my bros, sister and my nieces and nephew next week. Always a great time when you get the brothers all in the same room.
Chicken tortilla soup for dinner tonight....can you tell I'm in the mood for fall???
can you DM me your e-mail? Want to check your yoga schedule for :) thnx
lol you finally made that move.
I really want to go to U1 and get after it but homework and class is calling
Math isn't the same with you... Stay Strong...you and your family are in my prayers❤💙
why are sisters SO MEAN
God ordains all for the best. W.A. Mozart / God has a plan. A good plan. A plan for good.
#nfldraft Great pick by Seattle to pick up Tate. He'll do well in the NFL. (Hurts to say that as a Michigan fan.)
Canning wiff my bitch
I'll call you when I get home.
So are we.
I will use you.
Just washed a shirt my sister bought me for my bday - followed directions and it still shrunk!
It's a sore subject... lol But it was Roshon and Melissa
AWE/Dreamfirstent bout to take over Houston.
maybe we can play it tomorrow (: I'm going to sleep so goodnight :)
Well have fun and hope she has a lovely birthday! xox
I'm a panda, so like, rawr and stuff ;)
Its what's for dinner lmfaoooooo RT : Pussy
Pause rewind play and repeat
just never call me honey, irks me to know end lol
i think i got mine on fred fish disks
I don't know but I've been told.. Someone here is getting old..
I will be there for sure! Me & Mama Mahone will be signing autographs & taking pics with fans! Keep your eyes peeled ;-)
So, I know what April Showers bring. What do we get from May rain?
I love this x1000 and am giggling manaically over it. is looking at me funny.
Yes!! :D There is 3 really big ones around here! Me and Kellie are like 5 year olds and we legit still go outside (Cont.)
Some people over react...it was not that serious...Ive heard worse.
RT Sorry champ, but getting "promoted" from fries to drive-thru is not a promotion.
Girl at work: "You act like you don't like me." Me: "Ah there's the problem.You see-that's not an act."
Grow up! Smh...
left, right, forward, backward... the reason why we choose a direction is more important than which direction we choose.
Gorgeous Day #Chicago -- take advantage of #IndustryNight $3 Jameson shots, $4 draught #beer & 50% off all food & select bottles of
Food poisoning <<<<<
Keller Williams/reMax says do not rescind or repeal IDX franchisor policy.
Bought those new Whatachicken bites last night. Did it blow my mind? No, but it did look very sad eating them on my bed with no pants on.
Love your food photography, you're a master of depth of field!
Ready to get Tuesday an wednesday Ova wit
We love knowing what our fans are up to! Come on down and fulfill your craving
I'm off Tues and Wed next week! Let's go!
thanks fam....play some of your joints...
tweet me a # and me and will tell you which IB you look goodd withh;D
Why does my phone keep making water drop sounds?
lmao i know
Tim hortans adventure with ;)
That's better.
Hey , Your #Vegan #Cheesecake is ready! Pick up any time. Thank you! cc:
When you catch a film next UnitedArtists / Regal Cinema, CHECK YOUR STUBS to be sure you don't get overcharged!
you could ply her with alcohol first! oh, wait, that could backfire...
you guys do any type of business ?
Never Woulda thought that that girl would like that guy.... Thats what I call a,"HOW ON EARTH SPECIAL?"
Skills® Launches a Tool to Combat Challenging Behavior in Children with Autism - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Ready for bed. Gotta recharge for a day/night of fun tomorrow ;) Had a lovely spa day with the ladies today. I heart mani'd fingernails.
hey! cant stop thinkin...do yall do concerts private 4 people? i hope! my only bday dream! april 2...embassy suites...memphistn
Finally catching up on 30 Rock and they need to do more "Queen of Jordan" episodes I am DYING
it will be hard to see anyone go home tonight, the cast has raised the bar for all future groups
I just want to love you with every bit of my heart.
proud of you...good luck!
STOP CHASIN ME AND CHASE DA MUHFCKIN MONEY .. OH I FORGOT .. I AM THE MUHFCKIN MONEY !
Steve Jobs resigning is a bigger story than "where's Gadhafi"? Terrorist leader v. lord of the Hipsters? I guess we know the CNN Lead.
#HitDirectionersWithAShovelDay Yeah...no...
When are you gonna interview Snow White's Poison Bite, and Ashley Purdy and Christian Coma from Black Veil Brides???
S/O to all the artists on my mailing list! Im gonna tell u shhht NO ONE else will that will make u MONEY! Keep watchin ya emails! #Rich Sh-t
I wish I had big doe eyes.
I've read some of her work! Very jealous! She's worked with a lot of my disaster idols Phillips, Fothergill, Morrow etc….
So disappointed to hear about the C'ville bypass - a short-term traffic fix that will mar a beautiful area not just w/ asphalt but w/ sprawl
Mke politics? Not much, especially compared to Just didn't think FB comments & Serb/Croation stuff mixed well.
Keep Me Near Da Cross
The Albuquerque Isotopes square off against the Colorado Springs Sky Sox tonight at 6:35 p.m. Who is going to the game!?
Playing Draw Something(:
Yes. Guess his nakedness didn't wield the authority he'd hoped it would. Unless this was all just a cavity search dare..
Also loved it! It wasn't overly-heroic or overly-raw and just told a very beautiful story of faith. Really good!
The latest episode of Supernatural took place in my own Missoula, MT. Who wants to guess it was portrayed as all cowboy hats and log cabins?
The best revenge is to make that person think of you when they are with someone else!!.
Justin please follow me:)
On my way. Hopefully I find parking on that street..
WOW - the entire West coast!
ME AS WELL AS THE BOYZZ, FOLLOW ME NOWWW PWEASEEE :-[
Great meeting you and Mason last night! #sxsw /cc
Want 2 make changes 2 better your health? DM me 4 a FREE Health Consultation & start working towards ur goals 4 a happier & healthier life!
Might say fuck it and start drinking beer everyday again
Barrett is here.
blog test
They are brought to their knees and fall, but we rise up and stand firm. Psalm 20:8
hey I'm currently laying across my kitchen table..
If you ever want a lesson in how to keep shooting regardless of whether or not the shots are falling, just watch Kobe Bryant.
send me ya video links for some good promo on www.microphonebully.com MBTV IS THE NUMBER 1 ONLINE VIDEO SHOW via
@ Taylors house... gonna have fun!!! i love big time rush... and Daniel Tosh!!!!
I would love to met with you and tell you about my community projects. Cynthia Harris
Good idea! I was too busy giving them dirty looks so I could use the machine today
Apuleius~ Familiarity breeds contempt while rarity wins admiration.
Means lots from girls' dad: "Happy Mother's Day! You have done a wonderful job of being a great mom! Thank you from the bottom of my heart!"
u will not be dissapointed w/ the 9930 my g, its siiicckk
good job Harry. you fail (: -AliPaige
Garden is coming along.
I missed it!! :( but I'll still call you(:
Charlie two times..
check out my zombie survival website at - www.sandovalnation.webs.com
"Dancing heals us somewhere deep inside." True words.
10 Facebook Tips keep ppl outta yo personal business some ppl just on facebook to be nosey
i think i've seen 42 cops today. what is happening.
We use a digital speech graph on to give students visual cues on speech patterns/volume/fluctuations/etc. Very effective
what's it about?
Staring at computer at end of lunch in what feels like pre-feverish haze party-in party-in, fun fun fun fun
Awww good! I'm sure you will look gorgeous! And I was thinking, I'm pretty sure I borrowed your shoes last year :)
Meech Dogg will have you getting JUICED UP like nobody else checkout Meech Dogg JUICED UP on you tube...
Start your 2012 off on the right foot with a trip to Fujiyama!
You make sure they remember... forever... the night they played the Titans.
TIL there are more people in California than in the entire country of Canada. Crazy.
ha!It's truly absurd & each year brings more forms.Have such mixed feelings on taxation. Hate seeing smbiz/retired folks struggle
Managing student expectations
dont lie... how intense was the episode of pretty little liars
All I can say is follow me and help me help her.
Church was great!
Thanks for making me feel better...
LOL I so would, but my mom would probably swoop out of no where and cut my throat out.
Saw him in Minneapolis...his shows are so ill
Check your email inbox in a few minutes - staff best of '11 lists and NYE hours enclosed therein!
yes Nick for sure beautiful for sure :)x
Seems like some TSA Agents can't be trusted. So much for the safety/security of our skies - stay prayed up!
well I didn't think bacon on wholemeal bread would work. I was wrong.
Your face is a magical sunset.
glad to hear man. and damn! forgot about that stuff - i bet that stuff's hilarious. gotta see some one of these days.
Hey! Yes, still a huge fan :-) RT : Checked out Planet Money today after reco'd it a while ago. Excellent show.
I liked it
your forum search is bugging out. What's the best way to search for a specific template (by ID#?)
For the 10th time my phone randomly started playin 's covers in the middle of class AGAIN! My phone obviously LOVES Arabella.LOL
sounds like it could either be really inspiring... or a circus
Okay, I need someone to go see the avengers with me. ASAP. Any takers?
shut up and get on the plane! Dinner is on me tonight buddy! Great broadcast
Have we mentioned that "Boomtown" is screening at the Logan Film Festival this coming weekend?!? Travis' hometown!
Great Fathers Day with my big, crazy family and happy 30th anniversary to my parents!
Ive got to find a way to get back to for some more good food. I might have to create some sales calls in that area this week!!!
Not at all.
Love that. Google search says that's Stark's Sense of Dissonance, right? Would you recommend?
I know ); Im afraid to lay down /:
new phone!
Gayle - roundabout approach
We try to publish books that inspire, that take you on a journey, that cause you to think on a deeper level and perhaps that help you feel.
Not that I was very well pieced together when you met me
Where do you live?
Wtf ! Lately I've been going to sleep early a'f!
i hope im making your day. You could make my life. By following me.
bynum had 30 rebounds. #spurs fans thats why we lost
Breaking news....Chris #Christie endorses a burrito..
Maestro enjoyed working on client projects today: a new KIOSK for a trade show, several elearning modules, and a flash animation process.
Greatest night of sleep EVER! Time to get ready and head to graduation :)
I followed her:)
I agree with ... When students sign scholarships, they know there will be restrictions if they decide to transfer.
wonders why is Point Comfort United Methodist Church ending their bazaar after 55 years?
Apparently a car caught on fire at my apartment last night. And I slept through firemen knocking on my door at 4 in the morning...
'bout to #rock the Greer Stadium Plaza for the Pre-Game!
