Ugh I'm gonna explode.
Anyone wanting to see some special new features, add ?osdw=1 to your dashboard url, and then enable (or disable/re-enable) On Server Dev ;)
It works every time!
Oh My! RT #Hillsborough Co: FHP reports an incident NB I-275 a mile before the Kennedy Blvd exit. (They said Brush Fire...
See...look where my randomness done led me. Over here talking about a cat named Mr. Tinkles and shit. LMFAAAAAOOOOO CRYING!!!
And by "almost" I mean "virtually"... And by "virtually" I mean "never"...
Have you watched Doll House?
Richard Arum book-Parents do more?College won't even share grades becus student is adult.Took my leverage away-called money
I'll be coming back up when I can walk. On crutches for the time being. Hopefully a few weeks. We will make ithappensoon!
you should decide not to text me when I'm asleep!
right? Esp. knowing that a few weeks ago ALL my info on my web site *disappeared* due to human error & it is GONE.
Just saw a Prius w/ the vanity plate: MYBRID. Bet they're SUPER FUN AT PARTIES.
You'll truly be miss Anthony. #RIP ♥
Just had some tonight. Really great stuff.
Thanks! Must've skimmed past it.
It's Friday night... So many innocent beers have no idea what's coming for 'em.
Get me to a scannery.
Do we give shit? Oh...
ok yeah. Just askin :)
Fuck pride. Pride only hurts. It never helps. You fight through that shit. - watching pulp fiction cus i cant sleep.
BRITANNY from Los Angeles says Get out of my way! No photos!
LA looked sad out there, I know is salty.
You DARK SHADOWS is gonna blame THE AVENGERS for its poor opening weekend. But we all know it's because DS is a terrible movie!!
I know! Hopefully we can come visit while the guys are off this summer!
#upset as a muthafucka
taught me how to hustle
I think I'm going to end up alone.
Not gender specific. Just saw a man parked in front of the woman leave his empty cart next to her's. He can clearly see the cart return.
The fact that Kate Upton would do the Cat Daddy (which I didn't know existed) for some creepy dude should remind us all that she's only 19
hey matt, it wasn't my idea. I wanted to go someplace less classy with these Landmark ladies!
..guess he really ruffled them up
I have a fever? K, cool. Guess I'm going to school with a fever tomorrow.
RT : Denver: Dicks sporting goods park. Free today: Rock the Range Starts the almost @ 4. The afters, lecrae & skillet too
Tightly cap all solvents (gasoline, paint thinners, strippers, degreasers) and store in a cool place to avoid evaporation.
If my baby daddy cheating i hope god with him .
super disappointed by your association w/ priorities usa action super pac.
I expected more bison burgers on the menu. But the chicago bison dog I had was pretty good.
My muscles are so sore.....
Dallas... Who's ready to rock with the city's Koldest Barber.
Straight Business Over Here. Keep That Other Ish For These Other Suckas..!!
Today 1865: Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederacy, was captured by Col. Henry Hamden and the 1st Wisconsin Cavalry.
Today's your day mom. Live it up.
I got my brandon jennings jersey already. Authentic red. The most epic shit ever.
You girls have a lot of disgusting nerve slandering people like they're harassing you and stalking you.
"Nothing in moderation!" - NICOLE MILANO
See you tonight, you know I will, you can't resist sampling some of our new menu items now on special. Oh, and we have drinks too.
You gotta Credit card?
my date for tonight is Sean Penn circa 1986 on Netflix.
you have to be one of the slowest people i've ever met. omg.
THE NEW YORK GIANTS HAVE WON SUPER BOWL XLVI!
Well I guess we can't sweep everyone...
I'm reading one of them now: Alice Kaplan's French Lessons.
Break your tryptophan coma with one of our shows! Tonight and Saturday, 8 and 10pm!
Looking forward to hearing more as #thatcamp +/or similar panels (unpanels a la unconf?) dev for AAS
Sorry but have you seen me in the morning
TRAFFIC: Moving Lane Closures - WB Belt btwn Todd Dr & Seminole Hwy, starting at Noon
street bke kayak bed iphone macbook books on dreamweaver and business a bookcase to keep my books in nu shoes haircut time off wrk
you're a turd
OH: "No. Ignorance is good!"
for sure
baby pink lipstick w no earrings
who exactly are you trying to reach out to?
Shout out to kyle lee just did his verse at the Cham and Zero show!
This summer, Philly schools lost $530 per student in the PA budget while richer districts lost less than $20 per student
About to head out for #4squareday and a retirement party.
$240 for underwear? Really?
#kids Spring Spectacular Carnival: Spring Spectacular Carnival from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 PM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 4:00...
One day Chuck Norris peed in someones gas tank. That car is now Optimus Prime.
Jumped 17'1" in New York. Heading south in the AM
The Dolphins were DETERMINED to get a QB with a neck injury... It took a couple of tries, but mission accomplished!
Does your new 3 to 8 year old line include any new Cow Print gear?
just shaved 15 minutes off best time for a walk to the post office! :)
We have a wine super star who is going to speak at the conference, we'll announce it very soon!
the only toy I got for you is this dingo (y)
Bout to get off in like 15 mins dam it was a good ass day in my hbk voice lol first day was great time for a hot bath and dinner
Please! Follow me!
you know what's up!
Thank you for the follow as well.
I had a weak moment last night and bought ice cream. This is a problem because I'm lactose intolerant.
love movies! Look forward to your tweets.
falen come party in e town for st patties day haha and bring that stud steve o
OH NO
-looks at you then to the sky-
Agree it must change on the political side too. No argument there. That's why politicians must be leaders on the bully issue.
i do too *StoryofUs:)
A small candle can illuminate the entire room...
GOD IS GOOD, its great to c u being the role model many need! Keep up the aspirations for others! Hope to c u @ ROYLEWIS EVNT
RT When transportations collide: Ghetto MTA bus with hipster bike on rack smashes into rich woman's BMW. Sidewalk
Great 4th quarter efforts by James & Wade today. Lebron looked like he did in Pistons series when he advanced to finals with Cavs.
Yes, I am that person who watches the Olympic marathon trials and cries at the end.
Wow…that's awesome! Depending on how long I'm here, I was considering property in Pitt too. But your plan sounds sweet!
$4 Double Bacardis tonight. You know you want it.
WOW!! That's some serious mileage! Can't wait to see the pix. Thanx for the Mom's Day well wishes :))))
Dinner tomorrow night with my SSGT nephew before redeployment. So excited.
i luvvv u;)
And now he will be on the 15 day DL
Just saw Sweet Muse on the Rachel Ray show as the "Snack of the Day". That was fun. Now, time to get back to work.
Seniors are also comforted and feel at ease knowing that a caring,experienced caregiver will be there to assist any time, day or night
You're the one to talk? Definitely hit you up on gchat with no response back. What's up?
Thank for the props!
Wtf is up motherfuckers its Winds of Plague on some 2008 shit!
#buriedlife basketball with Obama . so much for that idea.
i LOVE that dude is hilarious son!
dirty i hate you so much.
sectional prelims tonight! i'm pumped!
Friend's son Matt Williams is swimming the English channel today; raising funds for SOS Children's Villages.
Welcome everybody:)
Essentially. I finished my coursework last week. Have a 1-unit pass/fail thing next month. Degree'd officially in Aug.
your an amazng person. i look up to you everyday and not just because im short lol. love u diggy
Ready for some more spring ball with my BLUE DEVILS! #awwwwwright!
I'm buying you a hula hoop
nope its jus a really good chool
RT Happiest of birthdays to Harry Glickman. Without him, we wouldn't have the
:) RT Hridi thanks for the follow. nice to see you girls doing some real rock n' roll music. all the best wishes x
Happy Holidays from the creators of "The Raging Bells"!
Ugh!! I think I celebrated too hard on Quatro de Mayo last night!! 😜 oops!
Friends who are phony and fake aren't your real friends follow me and I will def follow u rite back
damn... that's out my way. That would of been a twitter party!!
I can almost hear Gus with his "ah-haaaawwwww" at the top of his lungs for a 90th min goal.
Nice lady offered me her seat on the train today... Crap... Must lose weight.
Robert Kennedy Jr. is an odd looking fellow. That is all.
Approaching my 1,000th tweet. I feel like I should say something really important, but WHAT?!
Lezzzgooo - RT Just found out I've got Saturday 5/26 off. Think I'll go to for
Thanks the artists that we get to work with. Their great talents make great tunes possible!
Awesome went to bed early and still tired
Seriously can't believe we went out for 2 years. 2 freakin years of putting up with your shit.
i need to buy a new hair straightener. mines had way to many drops these past couple years lol.
aye bro do you know any singers bro??
Thank you for coming out!
Yes, that seems like something I'd be interested in thinking about.
Approve of my new avatar pic? Or?
Thank you for the RT on that powerful video. Glad ya liked it!
IM SO JEALOUS SKDOWNSJKSJSHXXJKAKDKA
Meet Mrs. Kanye West: “Until he says I’m CRAZY, I’m going to keep on going!” [VIDEO] -
Thanks Keith for the RT and Happy New year for you!
EDC -Mayor Lerner discussing co-op w/ sister cities on planning US1.Mayors Lerner & MacDougle have taken the lead on regional protection
Wow. Not even a close call.
"What a lovely singing voice you must have."
Wat happened 2 center st russ?
I would only succumb to the idiocy of being on the #Bachelorette or a contestant on the Bachelor because it would mean I could travel.
I started counting up all of ways this week has sucked & found myself subconsciously curling into the fetal position.
Me and think were so perfect, but were really just annoying.
The free and open source of job posts for veterans www.PurplePlacement.com
She had a point tho
other than Riesling or Rose, best drink on 90 degree Chitown day has got to be beer! Dogfish Head 60 & a slice of lime. ahh just the ticket!
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose ~ Tom Krause
RT : Huge thanks to early followers !
if you're not following , well then, you haven't experienced life. Go follow her(:
MT : We're excited to announce partnership w/the on a new book about the IU basketball team!
thanks for the RT!
i really hope that didn't just happen
"What is possibble will generally exceed what audiences can accept" M. Jensen (NAS) on e-pub
TamicaSarault40 thanks for following me on Twitter!
I'm thinking some tones today... oh yeah! :D
Raza Jaffrey, who you may recognize from Smash, will take on the role of Billy Flynn in London's CHICAGO this summer.
RT : Check out the Hassayampa Inn Leap Year Sweepstakes for a chance to win A 2 night stay & breakfast each morning....
i hope class is great.
Exactly. In which work is defined as initiating the use of electricity / starting a fire.
I can't think of a clever rebuttal to that except Go Tigers! (The ones without the white fuzzy beard)
(2/2) for teams from their hometown area. Will take time and DC in unique situation being HQ of Govt. My .02
I will take you out driving this weekend :)!
watchin blade 1. wesley goes hard
“Refuse to be average. Let your heart soar as high as it will.”
Have a good shoot today, A L A N A!! We hear there's a manicurist on set...
Need a faithful girl
RT : It's still early on CNN, but words have opened up a big lead over information.
No cart at Marquette today. Stupid rain. Although, Direct Supply employees can find us in the break room for lunch like every Wednesday!
“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” ― Dalai Lama XIV
Volleyball cancelled = lazy night of listening to the rain
Me and look like the american flag;)
GOOD LOOKS REAL NIGGA SALUTE
I have spent almost everyday at the barns and noble.
No, thank you. I don't need another heartless misery.
I'm weighing on at 185 these days I'll knock that faggot out
Thanks for coming out today to show your support. Hope we made a good first impression.
And just like that we lost a great man today
Wrong for me to think my boss is hot?
It's .. kind of made CSS exciting again
Shut up everyone....
make it 15
The seniors are revolting and the office hates them and it's hilarious.
Businesses now have the power to leverage the Internet -- search engines, blogs, social media -- to reach customers more effectively
haha and he looked high as hell!
can really help with business networking...
Why don't we sue our banks when we don't have enough to cover a check? That lawsuit against twitter is such BS! Joshua Meggitt is a loser!!!
Ready for patio weather on the canal! Lunches begin on Saturday April 16th! Yes! This Saturday!
Thanks to krisha bullock casting today!
Happy Birthday!
OFF TO DA BOTTOM OF ZE OCEAN
agreed. they knew that when they hired him. or at least should have.
K-9 club update: autism/aspergers teen social skills, shared story about cool idea, signed daughter up, stared today, she loved it!
chillin in lynn whats good wit u
that's the same refund you get for rain on vacations, right?
Impress yourself before you try to impress the next man..
Why do white boys around here carry knives with them? I don't think its necessary.
thanks for the RT.
The question for me is what did you order to drink...slush, diet cherry coke, ocean water or shake?!?
Soulja Girl on Train! =
your fucking disgusting if you dont wash your hands after taking a shit
Other way was and and is to use software to scan ALL Craigs sites for key gigs. When they pop up, have personal canned response.
IM SO JELLY AH
Hard like geometry #Trigonometry! This is crazy #Psychology!
Still running Flow at ETA in Chicago
I think it'd be punny... #imlameRT : is it a bad pun if I saw: Sweet !
Late May, contingent on construction. Have you talked to a membership advisor yet?
Idea for new game show: Are You Smarter than Your Cell Phone? (all rights reserved)
FB pages shouldn't be posting 5x a day, period. But 5x in one day and it's not even 2:30 p.m.?
My goal is to make AT LEAST one person happy each & every day.. and that includes myself.
Partly due to not hearing Katniss' thoughts (which I wouldn't have wanted to hear through voiceover), and partly due to changes from book.
they grow up so fast I can't believe she is already driving herself to C-bus LOL
What I wouldn't give for coffee delivery right now. :|
No love for David Robinson, the best collegiate shot blocker of the past 30 years?
Yeah, I don't normally watch, but I'm living at home again, and my mom watches it. This season's been full of voter mistakes.
I love u pretty. Ok! Ill txt u later
If basketball players concentrated the way MLB pitchers and Batters do, there would be more Kobe's and MJ's
At place playing mw3 chilling with the shisha
so funny!
Dear Andrew Bynum. Shut up and don't ever say that closing out games are easy. It's never over till it's over.
gimme your digits. I must have a serious talk with your father about parenting and life
followed! Follow back?
I laugh at ppl that have so much hate for their ex & they only been broke up for a week & was together for a month lmao at u!!!
Gathering the troops to storm the state of the art dungeon but no one yet knows that both Taylor and Kimmie are gone!
I'm still in a sleep induced haze trying to understand this tweet string.
Dre just broke Paul Pierces ankles
I need to look into those.
morning DREAMERS!!!
hmm.. u need to add me as your twifey
When she pull on my dreads while i eat her >>>>>>
Applied to #THATcamp SE. Glad to be getting my DH mind out of the isolation ward of rural Kentucky.
hey Adam-- we added it to our curated page on Kickstarter. Good luck!
I really love how Cody and the wanted are "mates";)
#MyWorstFears not living up to my potential.
Austin tonight!
As we say to our soldiers, "I thank you for your service."
you are going to win tomorrow u wanna know why? because #BELIEBERSGOHARD!
Hackoff is Funny as Hell, Better than Smackoff! Like American Idol Rejects...
RT : Wait. Im supposed to shave my legs? ;) Just feeding your CA sterotype, girls. >> ROFLOL
Agreed! RT : Disturbing lack of metrics in Track D. Craving measurements, data, before & after re: online marketing
No matter how important they say you are… They are lying
Hope you feel better!!
I'll be in Scottsdale tonight! Looks like the weather is scorching hot. Can't wait.
Yes!! RT : I'm SAG member for 32 years, and I just voted Yes.
I'm not DM-ing jack. I want everyone to know how shady he is. What's been good though?
Back to Japan for me and the little bro.... Not ready or this 11 hour plane ride 😖 See you at the end of the week Cali
That's fantastic. Our team is here to help when you need it!
thank you Timothy! Also thank you for following me! I will keep your walk with the Lord in my prayers! God bless! :)
Wow!!! I'm finally taking a 10 day vacation. See you All after the Caribbean Cruise. Bye!! TJ Harrington
my girl is the same way... She's a "facebooker", doesn't get twitter
Little one napping. Curled on the couch with my daughter, reading. A great Sunday!
Our prayers go out to our fearless leader who is going into emergency surgery within the hour to fix a detached retina.
You gotta tell him! He only listens to the fans! :-) XO
Register and get invited to Beer-Con’s exclusive Tap Haven with plus others
does mommy? :3
R.I.P. Donna Summers
Gettin ready for the new edition concert swag on deck so fresh and so clean clean
Must be a SUCKER. Not first.
Well, you're definitely working in the right industry for that! ;-)
"Losers sometimes win but cheaters can't."
@ First I use to care...But now I just Laugh! HA...HA...HA! L's Up!
Thanks for entering :) Ring size?
After watching Bobby Jindal I hope he the guy the Republicans put up against Obama in 2012. Obama with eat him up
our production is backed up for 2 weeks! thanks for your patience and !!
it's difficult to eat an apple when you're not aloud to make any noise. stupid crunchy apple..
Yep - got my tickets for Tuesday night!
Just watched that Ray Lewis pre-game speech to the Stanford players before their NIT game...I still have chills.
Have we mentioned that we're having a meet up tonight? Meet other entrepreneurs and hear what's new with MosaicHUB. See you at 7!
My favorite part of the job is the part where I send bills. Call me a jerk. :)
RT : Q4 What apps and tools do you recommend for Drive or other cloud services and why?
enough to go to the island to retrieve the footage.
after school I guess..
now we are going to get a monkey riding a bike winning the Presidents' Race.
RT Mike McCarthy: "Tramon Williams has a shoulder bruise, we'll have a further evaluation with Tramon on Wednesday."
if you have an iPhone get trapster... Helps avoid those things
it would be my luck that I'm flying out of Tampa right when you guys are flying in!
It's 25 cent weekend at Diversity Thrift! Select yellow tagged items are only 25 cents!!
Thanks for the follow, Tony. I've got family outside #Morgantown. Used to luv spending time down that way.
LIKE THIS GROUP AND TELL YOUR FRIENDS! I Want DMSC in the Firehouse
I think you and I need to put a gumbo date on the calendar. I haven't seen you at all since you've been back!
Rule #3 Never Trust Nobody! Ya moms would set that ass up properly gassed up. Hoodie and masked up for the fast bucks
yes ma'am
No❔❔ what is it. Poop hand caterpillar?
the district says hi!
Standing in between two ppl that both have their music BLASTING thru their headphones!
All I can do is...lol
"It's not that easy being green." Listening to Kermit while auditing avocado content. A theme!
Watching "The Rise and Fall of Tiger Woods" on MSNBC. Excellent! Check it out.
are a whole lot of folks in nunneries,monasteries,kibbutzes,Amishfarms,etc ad nauseum that wld disagree
Is anyone able to play mw2 on ps3 or is it just me?
fill this day with greatness...
Help her out she wants to get 80,000 followers before she dies! follow
or is MidwestMahomies already taken?
Past 24 hours: Rode a plane through a windstorm, then saw a Busby Berkeley movie. Turns out the 2nd is more vertigo inducing than the 1st.
the day Ariana, Before you exit & Action item replied/retweeted you
thank you :)
Wish me luck people going job hunting
Oh btw, come follow a pimp!
You guys write some great articles!
Tickets for this Saturday's Smooth Jazz Under the Stars are selling fast, stop by BullFish to purchase yours before it sells out.
follow back love
Why do I feel like Biron is moving in slow motion!?!?...2 goals on 5 shots?...horrible.
Sweet! Go BEP!
And why it's not in anyone's best interest to be fat. And why we've got to stop stereotyping. :)
I use to be a 0 now I'm everybody's hero
fingers crossed!
Steve blake doesn't look like he should be playing basketball...but at the same time he looks like one of my basketball coaches
it's gone rain... and when it rain, it's gone rain hard as fuck!!! 💦☔
Let's go Rodgers!
My timeline ain't talking bout nothing besides sex. I guess it really is Friday!
Filming a Doritos commercial and getting airbrushed right now. Cool.
"What happens in Vegas at one time stayed in Vegas-what happens at prom today surely ends up on Facebook...& I will see it."
No, i bought the whole thing as a complete
Getting ready for Marathon Monday! It's great living in Boston!
did you miss me?
“Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.” – Gertrude Stein
Why do the #Badgers always have to lose in such dramatic fashion?
Hey, could you tell your followers to follow & talk to me, Pweassee? (':
7 hour class in the morning!
u really should be
How do you spell Nelson's laugh?
I love rain.
"Some say crying is a weakness, the truth is... it is simply caring and that is never a weakness, but a strength"
#nodisrespect #1mancomment..but why Erica got ah fatty..lol..#henessy.. ...always looking out for ur peeps..thanks x
I've never wanted anything more than I want believe tickets. seriously. omg.
I don't get why people just stand there on escalators.
thanks :) xo
oh happy day!
Pregnancy test in the girls bathroom....super cool
That's because we have the best customers! Thanks.
RT : "There is no greater battle than the battle to delight in God above all else." - John Piper
: thanks! I'm still laughing about it. A woman said it to me today in reference to be being from WI.
So sweet, thank you!
Occupy GSU "litterbug"- Went to Grady, spent the night in jail, then when appeard in court had all of his charges dropped.
Unfortunately, the Senators in Kentucky (both parties), do not have enough faith in the people!!!
SNOW - After shooting a scene with actor Claudio Brovedani Nuti, writer/director Saba has added a new scene to the movie. More fun but work.
I'm meeting some1 for coffee Friday morning but I can't have coffee. because it's not in the budget
stupid......why not just be straight up w/ him and ask? :P
Longest month evah.
Lots of Spurs fans there?
If I ever receive a big honor, I'll be the opposite of humbled. Proud. Ego'd!
u better not have jinxed us by picking Pack in against the grain!
I can't bring myself to buy honey that's not in a honey bear.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 48F FAIR
Well it is Friday! :) RT : Getting more and more tempted to leave work early! I wanna be a cool kid!
OK, so I know I'm a Personal Trainer which means I'm supposed to have rock hard abs and blahblahblah, but I'm really feelin !
That'd be an interesting question. But would they say documents proving the docs don't exist are missing too?
#TeamEllaBee in Dallas for #MediaSummit with client Gonna be a great year!!
of all the things your mother tAUGHT you; the one I like the most is the man you have become. You are a very special MAN
hope you like it :)
Fuck my CA, and fuck the dorms & it's rules & shit, so thankful I'll be in my own apartment next year.
#ESPN doesn't even cut away from boring Favre taped news conference to break Lee to #Phillies news, shows graphic at the top of the screen
1. Look up the definition of amortization. 2. Transaction costs of tweeting.
It is just a little trick of the trade to play up white eggs. [1944]
I stay away from "delay" when I can b/c ins cos don't like to reimburse for services for delays. I feel like it's a game sometimes
like seriously tho...
“: Looks like fun ” yo, they snappin. Bass (old man) player keeps hoppin around the stage.
you going to the game tomorrow?
SquE-Z in the new year! Get your health kick going by being healthy and using a SquE-Z on every drink!
meet me in outer space we could watch earth rise<3
#WhenIWasLittle - The best disney shows were Doug & Recess & The Weekenders.
"Sighs" I'm sorry! At least summer break is almost here! We have God on our side though. I'll pray that next year is...
Racing to abs class !!
Last up: Katherine Lennard (American Civilization, Uni Michigan Ann Arbor)
Do you see the UFC ever coming to Florida again. Your bringing the experience everywhere and we would hate to be left out.
“: RT : nigga look like a swole crack baby version of Chris Rock”~~~is that possible?
Spiritual is getting the connections of interdependicies wherein we fail or succeed together
Ozzie: pierce a one-cut runner, fits the system.
hahaha i know. He was acting pretty high haha
The principal is a pedophile. He sexually touches the girls and they let him touch there asses. HAHAHAHAHAH. he's a fuckin pedo.
Living alone doesn't mean you're single.
:) RT : #UCLA announces hiring of AD Mike Garrett and HC Paul Hackett. Concedes that #USC's worst is better than UCLA's best
I'll take a bottle of your eggnog....um, better make that 5 bottles. For me.
Best 6th period today. Talked about the #AmandaShow BRINGING IT BACK!!
What a great day to be a Wisconsinite
Shopping with mom :)
Just finished my last feature film Violet...
We bout to jump in the jungle
Our Libraries for Sustainability Webinar series part 2 for today has 109 people signed up - international too! Woot!
welcome back :). The Cliff is as boring as ever
so is sophie.. a dog?
Great way to start the day! RT : Went in for a morning coffee and leaving with a breakfast panini too!
I just realized that I really have trust issues, as much as I think I don't...I truly do!!
Gretna fest , a nice thing.
did u forget the #AUSTREAM every friday? You're too busy :(
she said I didn't go to the nurse when she gave me a pass for it when I did &wrote a referral -_-
Other Panthers that will make the list along with Kalil: Cam Newton and Steve Smith
Everyday I’m shuffelin
Hey guys, we're organizing a US-made menswear pop-up in Baltimore, April 28. Who can we talk to about getting some coverage?
maybe a panel looking at at it from multiple perspectives? sounds a little heady for TxLA, but def worth exploring
Negore looked at it shortly and carelessly
C'mon ESPN ": Seriously? RT Which is a better day for football fans: #NFLDRAFT day or start of #CollegeFootball Season?”
One day until OSU - Michigan ... here's a trivia question for you. How do you get a Michigan grad off your front porch? Pay for the pizza.
So that's how you have a pleasant #SXSW. Don't take the 15 gigs that don't pay and avoid downtown as much as possible. Brilliant.
Mr Streets Productions - Latin Music & Atrist Development - Jingles -Videos Models, New York , Miami , San Fransisco
I love that band. You should listen their songs "reason for the world" and "broken girl". Both are great!
whoa that looks like ur saying it to me...smh lol
I always tell people that twitter is not for everyone. Seeing as how many friends start accounts and don't continue tells me I'm right.
Bastard referee, I want to punch him in the stomach.
Brust does what he does best, nails a three. #Badgers regain lead, 20-18
Thanks for sharing!
just left the mall x: going to go buy taco bell c:
I'm so mad at you!
please do!!! We should all get together for a drink or something! Let me know in advance in case any events happening!
You got this, go for it!
As a waiter I worked for a lot of managers. Now I always try to be the mgr I would've wanted to work for. I now have the best crew ever!
*clears throat* ..Bullshit!.
Walking through Washington Square Park when Empire State of Mind came on shuffle!
Thank you :D
That's fine. Your point is well taken by all 5 viewers.
so sweet and gorgeous
#indieview Thanks! Some very interesting points were made today..
I thought about partying tonight, but I took my sis out instead
In Miami! ": Bottle service all night ... Fo free? I think so.”
These late nights alone aren't good for me :/
RT Republican-appointed Supreme Court justices: They'll get the government off of our backs. And into our anuses.
Hate to hear TO/Mothers of his children are on Dr Phil talking about their problems. Should be handled in private, children involved.
- How do you have almost 12,000 tweets? Crazy sauce.
I was the 554th voter, just now, at Schenk Elementary School.
fer sure maybe,fer sure not,fer sure eh,fer sure bomb*
Just found out has a twitter, life just got so much better now, ugh omg I LOVE you!!!!
See what you mean! Am happy to discuss - how wud that work? I just set up a new account & start again? & what are we talking $?
#Zappos family core value #2 _ Embrace and drive change.
We confess to little faults only to persuade ourselves that we have no great ones
If I wasn't going thru so much at this time my reply would have been a whole lot different
your singing is amazing & you are an awesome actor! plus you are really cute! You probably won't see this though...
whose lead off?
I'm getting 9 miles per gallon in my new car...this is stupid.
Where do you dream of studying abroad?
I rather have tried and failed then never have tried and have regrets until I die.
many thanks and thanks for your early support of BENT ROAD
;) Love us some
In a sombrero! #cincodemayo RT : BREAKING: President Obama will kick off his re-election campaign by hosting a rally at VCU May 5
m... yum! Is that place good? I've always wanted to try restaurants on that street.
thanks, we are excited to open as well! We are located at 953 W Diversey (& Sheffield) at the Brown Line stop. See you in May!
Congratulations to all the Oscar Winners tonight!
rod Stewart some guys have all the luck was just on the radio thought of u
How do you feel about the success your fans have brought you?
"I don't know what just came over me. I just really wanted to clap my hands fast." #what??
Why do you follow me?
Chris Bosio Jersey? :)
Happy Earth Day, everyone!
Decided on hot chocolate. I need my fix because banned me from making it in the office.
My sleeping habits are such a problem. WIDE AWAKE.
If you smoke weed probably shouldn't post all over Facebook and Twitter for your boss to see. just sayin.
Four school days...
wow, congrats!
I would love an invite to Google Wave
Guess I have to wait for Saturday to pay my respects- feel better RT ": the homie got the flu"
So..the Thunder are good.
I'm excited (:
Today is a day that I hate everyone and everything.
"Ridiculousness" with is the best show on television.
RT : Chuck Norris was born May 6,1945. The Nazis surrendered May 7, 1945. Coincidence? I think not.
Make sure there's enough left to drink!
RT : Listening to SurfAir present at #DemoLA. Amazing concept and model, backed by some heavy weight players.
Luxe Life Channel Woodford Reserve Up in a rocks glass Beautiful People Everywhere in Flatiron even in the snow
PickUpLine: I'm scared of getting pregnant, so do you want to go up to my room & test out all of my condoms?
It used to me and u and now its me u and dem
of course why not 😁😁
Rent a truck from Zip-Car for an hour or two.. It's only ~$7
Alright it's May, where are the damn tour dates!
Going to rewrite! This is where the rubber meets the road.
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.” - Beckett
LSU fan suing Alabama fan for acts after BCS National ...
What?! Is that supposed to be for real? Because I'm pretty sure that's the funniest article from The Onion I've ever read.
A good sales question is - What has changed since we last met?
"We should be taught not to wait for inspiration to start a thing. Action always generates inspiration. Inspiration seldom generates actio
SVU finally starts back this week!
My brother went to UK and is totally convinced Cal will screw this up
Breaking News: Rays eliminated from MLB playoffs, dozens mourn.
Its ashamed that I can put my own freon in my car, I'm very talented, dnt need a man 2 do it, cause I CAN DO IT,yay mek,lol!!!!
RISE AND GRIND
or maybe pad thai and pre-mixed bellini's
no fair! we had some freezing rain last night.. some folks in the area had some snow.. I miss snow!
I bet danced alongside Parker for the entire halftime.
Hair done, lashes done, everything done
On the other hand, OBL captured, Mubarak stepped down, rest of Mid East ready for changes, Japan quake, etc.
.'s 5 new cargo vans supplant BMW 328xi as most expensive hourly rentals: $15.75 for 60 minutes.
I love her too I love her new cd.
A walk around the Madison Farmers Market followed by Family Yoga GREAT Saturday. Off to watch ballet recital.
Cinema Breakdown in 140: King's Speech & True Grit huge but Little Fockers #1. Vacationing folks catching up on Harry Potter & Tangled!
Show appreciation to your web browser by visiting www.tournamentscoop.com Have all the fun u want!!!
Gladiator Games > me.
Oh. I guess you haven't been to Alhambra until lately? That's the new China Town, bro. Following that is San Gabriel.
At IAC's today..beautiful building I must say.
"Truth is Truth" - When we tolerate half-Truths, we all lose;"
Retweeting has got to be the best thing since fireworks
Talk to your #donors. What are their aspirations for your #nonprofit? #Contributions will follow.
That #awkward moment when someone turns down the radio in the car and you are still singing it loud and proud
Its just something about his swagg n personality that catches my eye ;)
haha yeah ;p & me to ! i can't wait to party with you bb (;
absolutely! I'd b more than happy to have you! The morning is a challenge too so be prepared for action!
you and your man can be like sam and ronnie lol. And I'll be vinny. But I only like white girls with big ol booties
NO RT : Hot Chocolate Fudge Cake with Vanilla Ice Cream. do I need to say anything else :)
I hate my Spanish class. I can't wait to be free of foreign language next year.
Have they recently?
This weekend its goin down.... PARTY PARTY PARTY!!!!! :)
Thank you, thank you, thank you!! xoxoxo
Evidently hockey stick graphs are required for all YC Demo Day presentations :-)
Shout out to for being so awesome
So sad I'm out of town this week & missing the Irish cream cupcake! Sounds amazing.
you and me both!
don't call me a hipster...that term is way too mainstream for me...
#SaySomethin was awesome! I really liked it, it's such an amazing song!! :)
Just finished killing some zombies and now listening to Crystal Castles=Algebra 2 Class c:
I swear it look like new york given up.
Visit Arizona SpaGirls to get the latest in AZ spa specials, including our hibiscus facail. Thanks, Lisa!
#10prettypeopleIFollow it's actually really hard to choose ONLY ten...
Gotta love SEMO senior SS Kenton Parmley: had a 47 gm hit streak end last w'end
Added pumpkin to my chili...it was good
Very enjoyable discussion last night in which we tried to determine how the scenarios Alanis Morisettes 90s classic could be truly 'ironic'
Oh hey ;) cum here often.
stay safe beautiful!
On train back home from dc where I just served on an NEH grant review panel. A great experience--lotsa work but learned a ton.
All you do is bullshit!!!
I am so happy my children's school books will be arriving by next week. I so love homeschooling my babies. = )
u mean whole paycheck?
what's a few whores when you've been fucking a country for decades?
Hello from Dallas!
If you sweet talk them enough, they should replace it for free.. just make sure you seem like you know what youre talking about
10-9 #Nighthawks lead with 6 minutes left in the second quarter.
Don't forget to follow me on Twitter!!!! ;)
Spring break here i come in a hour & 5 min
Thrilled to find you here- my old friend from Mintwood Pl.!! You and Calhoun :) Stay in touch :)
TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY! Can you follow me and maybe a shout out? :)
hahahaha I'm sure we are in the same boat
He was perfect last year!
Please stay tuned for the announcement of our 6 semi-finalists in the #NYintern Project later this afternoon!
RT : I hate being alone. I keep u company
If the nations will fail to abolish war, war will never fail to abolish the nations.
as good as it gets. Drank some Bill Downie Mornington Pinot tonight
we left at 6th. You?
Shall wait for pilates,,,,so tired tho
Thinking of new away to get it in i gotta keep some cash $$flow!!!:-)
what's happening?
I've been trying for a reply for weeks now so please answer this one question: what's your fav color(s)?PLEASE REPLY!!
The DEA has made it a crime to possess or sell the chemicals used in K2 for 1 year starting March 1, 2011
#IfITellYou anything about me, feel special because I don't open up to many people.
apparently its a big thing.
im a #TeamJacob fan. and i went to see New Moon opening night, and there was like a 3hour wait. so, i'm not doing that again :D
TF Its been like this all day. What is going on interact? why dont you like me
I love when reporters tell you newsroom gossip like it's going in the paper. "According to multiple sources ..."
Hey! How are you all doing out there? I'm out here looking at some good companies and came across you! Be well!
Please do because that would mean you'd have to come over to get it...
(PEACEPEACE) pot or not (PEACEPEACE) vote
In a thesis defense w/ & English lit student wrote about narrative & conflict in games. Huge nerd fest. ^_^
Is the Wi-Fi in park working? I'd like to get some work done outside. Got a bunch of emails to send regarding
checkin out the API. What are minimum iOS requirements for apps to use?
Texas womens University there I go!!!!
You know it. Bright and early!
Love Richard Gere in 'Shall we dance!
We Look Up To Them, They Look Up To Us, They Lust For Trim We Lust For Trust..
FOLLOW MIRANDA!
You'd think so, huh? lol! Maybe in a perfect world.
#AGCZ is on the move and should keep on going through out the week.
It's a great book!! RT Got this book and can't put it down. twitpic.com/6kviur
I was thinking the same thing! however, my mom did say everyone has a special gift!
Well written, how can you help you?
Ready for Monday but then I am not
The biggest thing about me is my brain.
BIG FOOT!!
RT : I always recommend your products at all my career workshops/sessions.
Oh my, and photographer have seen everything on today's live shots, rain, low clouds, wind, hail and now snow.
I love my coaches! <3 Gomez Josh
stormy day here. powers been knocked out twice. will b a long day.
Can't wait for next Monday. #apartment #deuces ✌
I'm more than terrified to into high school.
What My Wich comes in dif sizes now? ....Word!
Tell it to his secret ear.
I can't say enough about this lady you guys. She genuinely wants to help so listen.
Thanks to all our fans for coming out to our bout today. You're our sweethearts! Hope to see yinz at our Season Opener: March 17
"I'm coming back." - Mariano Rivera
omg I want boots! Thank you
oh this week just gets better and better
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. -Robert Louis Stevenson
love thelma! she's the reason i got into the biz, & no work is the reason I got out. now i'm a journo! ha!
Dwarf-Toss leagues now forming.
Wasn't the whole facebook timeline mandatory switch supposed to happen today? Not that I'm complaining...
don't forget little old me!
GOP, Perry, Romney economics are "race to the bottom" economics. Low wage, low skill and low return and ultimately low growth.
Scott Berkun The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say �I
This day fucking sucks... just saying.
Conclusion: Reading is good. For reading, access to books is essential: "libraries, libraries, libraries, libraries" -Krashen
I thought you were talking instagram: LOI=laughing on investment..
Watching the boogeyman creep as fuck
Agreed. Can definitely lead to moisture issues if not done correctly. Always use a contractor with old house experience!
good effort :)
Understanding human needs is half the job of meeting them
Traveling to Creating Change to talk about SJS data! :)
Gotta love that ignorant shit!
Thnx for the follow!
its got moxy!
Anyone putting "intimacy strength" into Luminate CRM?
Time for an upgrade!Love the Android Market/Google Play but can not stand the speed/fail of my old phone. #iPhone or #Suggestions??
Prosecution is currently impeaching the heck out of Nicole Alvarez. Turn your televisions on, IT'S GETTING GOOD!
RT Very wrapped up in reading the amazing menu at - so many delicious options!
Me & had a great time with our beautiful daughter for her thanksgiving lunch. Time is flying gotta cherish these moments!
yep, your meeting now. I'm stuck on a rig in Bakersfield, hope to be home by at least Easter morning. Then off to another rig Mon.
TIME for PAT BUCHANAN to come out of the closet and ADMIT he is a RACIST. The viewers know. TIME for PAT BUCHANAN to admit to it. NLD Mom
ya! Are u watching for first time?
I think more games should make you press every button on the controller simultaneously.
yes membership is discounted $5 until the puck drops on opening night. Still just $10 per person. Join online JacketBackers.org
What's up with QR codes that direct people to non-mobile versions of web sites? That is just pure silliness.
no it's not sorry. Nice try though
Mornin'! Rainy Days & Mondays! :)
Ugh. Even the trailers for Titanic make me cry.
Sigh. I really do hate weekends. Always have.
#IThankGod all the little things that I sometimes over look
I think mcnabb and his coach r going to get fired.
On our to San Antonio.. Great job Clippers -- made us proud!!
YES,, I AM WATCHING THE SUPERBOWL!!! ME TOO.. I LIKE HER.. MAYBE I WILL SEE JB
Sigh... I can't believe I'm saying this, but Go Tarheels. Please let me have ONE Final Four team right.
If a snack is opened in the woods and no one is around to eat it, is it still dangerous?
“: #1DQuotes "Do you prefer a fan or Megan Fox?" Zayn: "A fan. Nothing is worth more than a fan."” THIS CANT BE POSSIBLE.
I love you You're my inspiration
. I have a friend whose infant child was forced to undergo a strip search by TSA because of his Arabic name.
Today would have been Richie Valens birthday. Always makes me sad for Donna. Seize the day, you never know what tomorrow brings.
nice I cant wait to do it :-)
Daaayyyyyummm Bubba may have just sealed it up!!!
The #gallery is open til five tonight! Come check it out in get some hot cocoa !
That is the worst excuse I've ever heard. Followed closely by Capello's there was something wrong in training i don't know what
Okay, who got me sick? Now I got a raspy ass voice.
life. Hold me!
"It's not all all beer and skittles out there" can't say I've heard that expression before.
I'm good, how bout you?
Put the day off to good use. Still in my pjs
Celebrate Earth Day Dallas!!
Those grant panels in May? Today the PEC reviews the recommendations made by the panelists, to be presented @ the June 30 Commission Mtg.
last I checked...Henry Aaron is still alive!!! Want to rethink the post "greatest living player?"
ayo son, lemme get dat. I mean...can I please have that track good sir?
To all who follow: don't be offended if we haven't followed you yet. We can only follow you when we reach 1,000 followers. Stay with us!
Final step. How did process feel? What new insights did you get?
Rook Lift Records Jazz Jam tonight hosted by 9pm The Falls Lounge 626 Spring St. Come hang and play
I don't know what chu talkin about. U got sex on yo mind.
it will get better I will keep him I my Prayers.
We're gonna be playin with four fantasmic bands on September 1st. Http://www.myspace.com/falsepositiveokc for details!!!!!
just show the video for boyfriend already! <3
really glad the documentation starts w/ "WTF is this?"
Upright Citizens Brigade tonight!
Just got Salad Reward Cards! Create your own #salad, buy 7 get 1 #FREE Make em count, come in & try our salad bar!
unfortunately I went back :(
Only around 10% of people who live near bigfoot, BELIEVE in bigfoot! Why? Took a trip & did a survey while looking for #Bigfoot movie ideas.
|_-|-. YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
if i had a dollar for every time you tweeted i would have 2346 dollars
Really? I'll try that :b
why not both!
ragdolls? Himalayans? sheared for the summer?
The Day Ahead: No Econ Data, MIP Grandfathering Rumors, and Greek PSI Delay
All high school players will want to see this game. The TOP SNR College Players from over 11 FL Colleges. The Battle of Florida
Writing more of my story I'm on page 12, I love writing
you love me<3
R.I.P Menciones ...
Of course, no problem! Thanks beautiful! Love ya too!
On my way to WVU for a weekend with I love you. See you soon.
Natalie Tran uploaded a video? Are you SURE we're in 2012?
I really really need a hug and a shoulder to cry on now.
Good Morning Twitches!!!
lolz. I miss you too. ☺💔
SQUIRT PRINTS
Hi Bonita, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
The #stopkony video at ~40 mil views - luv seeing the power of video combined w/ internet smarts making a diff in the world!
lol but everybody sucked except dameon
Listening to some old it always makes my day better.
oh ok cool! is definitely cool ppls
oh god I hope that doesn't exist... Id be number 1 creeper
Thanks for da shout :)!
Conference registration for the Chefs Confluence is now available. Early bird special for $149 and a culinary student rate of $99.
Yankees gonna sweep the O's
Just saw an ad for TIme-Life DVD collection of the complete Six Million Dollar Man. Can't resist Steve Austin (he was in my senior thesis)
Today in Blues History: Nov 20, 1955, Bo Diddley agreed to play "16 Tons" on the Ed Sullivan Show, but actually played "Bo Diddley" instead
you shuldnt have left bdubs so soon! it got a lot more interesting after you left :)
Ah, the good old "there should be one search that finds me everything I need"? Ours essentially said our services are irrelevant.
well? well?
continues to be my favorite/best bike shop in town
FOLLOW with a shot of tequila.
Thanks! :) If you ever find a use for it, I can easily create one for all AU publications (though will miss stuff not in Scopus)
I offer Swedish, Deep Tissue, Sports, and Medical massage, as well as body grooming -shave and scrub.
sounds perfect to me, Nina!
do you like it in the butt? haha had to
Bumping music
Oh, more to come indeed!
I Choose, by India Arie! Gets me going & motivated!
-- Hi Michelle. We want to add Wine & Roses Charity Wine Tasting to event listing. It's June 10. Who to contact?
Christian protesters at #reasonrally ignored designated area. They harass near stage. Yet they are safer than we would be at their rally.
"Why is there a chubby Jewish girl sobbing in the coffee shop?" :)
Oh, you're seeing it soon! You're going to love it!
Laughs. All I think of re: puff paint is having to peel my clothes apart after they came out of the dryer.
CHALLENGE: Go to your local library and check out a Newbery winner that you've never read before! Ready..... go!
because everyone has problems and mine are no more important than anyone elses. like thanks. that really hurt.
Pretty much 80's night at work... I love it!!
Yo when you coming back to chicago #HOPEFULLYSOON me and my baby is going to get the best seats there
follow back please :) <3
Hey tweets what's sweet today?
I have a sociology exam today that is going to kick my ass. Good luck!!
definitely next time. I should probably stay in and get work done. might have just been looking for excuse not to : )
#FF Shout out to a few of my fellow Meteorites:
Liam was very bouncy in that song.
no reason to be sorry if you're happy ;-)
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. - Alice Walker
you're an excellent singer with a great story! #keepyourheadheldhigh :)
which teams do you think will flaunt potent offense coupled with weak defense? We're just looking for points...
you complete me
=P what u mean
No better way to build a team than jacking together for 30 seconds right and ?
Why wait for the weekend to have fun..
Thank you! Happy to get to this point.
Thanks for the follow brother!
maybe it's not women, maybe it's just me
what a sweet thing to say. love YOU!! yes, we would definitely hang out all.the.time. and freestyle rap together.
RT Just starting to exercise? Don’t make the mistake of doing too much, too soon.
Whether part of a sandwich, a dinner roll or prepared as French toast, bread continues to be called the staff of life.
Having caffeine for the first time in forever.
#2000followers FOLLOW ME RIGHT NOW! AND I will follow you back HURRY!
I love being wid my bruthas .. just missing the crazy one !
I've got 2 jobs thanks, work 60 hours a week to pay salliemae for student loans. Bet you haven't worked that hard in your life
Campaigning with old friends in Campbellsville tonight. Stop on by if you're free. We'll be at Cafe Bonin (128 E. Main St) starting at 6:00.
#FF awesome actresses
Lawyer found in contempt in court of #SweetGenius . At least he knows love is everywhere.
your welcome!! Breakfast tomorrow!!! :)
I also got the DVD of all his classic videos from back in the day from my sis for X mas
For as much as she stumbled she's runnin', for as much as she runs she's still here
You are everything I want 'cause you are everything I'm not.
I HATE wen you ask someone something and they say yes..but wen its time to do it they got every FUCKIN excuse in the book.
High Performance Network Connectivity #CIO panel at #BostonSIM Forum
we missed you too! :) <3
I love T-Shirts
It's very important to put headset in a right location at first.Or you'll find unnecessary big pain of your ears after watching out a movie.
replace them all.
DOCG Vigna Sancol Prosecco is getting extra chilled today!! I foresee a couple bottles getting sabered this afternoon!
depends on what you're seeking. Apple = consistent. Android = flexible platform but w/quality varying per device
check out the Zoo this spring! RT : Spring Break Safari starts this week, with the fun continuing through the first week...
Don't go to Yelp for legitimate reviews. Companies can - and do - pay to have negative reviews removed.
So true balancing hormones is one of our 8 Steps to Aging Younger
Target Field?
Ha! So true. Was trying to cuddle one of mine this AM & rec'd big scratch for my efforts.
Yes! RT U were eaten by a grue RT Museums thinking @ adapting old sch D&D 4 an experience? What do u thnk?
friends get friends to listen to JADED
Q: If a motorcyclist runs into a woman, who is to blame? A: The motorcyclist is. He shouldn't have been riding in the kitchen?
We can hope! :) Thank you for the inspiration and encouragement. MUCH appreciated. Happy Wednesday!
oh come on offcourse not. I am always here if you would like to talk about anything. Purpose of my life is to inspire others :)
Arrivals everyday this week! As usual Luci brings you the hottest clothing from both coasts and abroad! XOXO!
Have fun at OLD NAVY today, Carolyn!!
What is wrong with the world
let me know we can hook it up. I have a bottle on ice.
great. See you soon.
So excited about the Foundation Benefit Dinner tonight at 7pm at FBC! Come and bring your friends/parents! $5 at the door!
It may seem surprising, but last season Tony Romo was 8th & David Garrard had the 9th ranked passer rating.
Baby did a bad, bad thing.
I'd feel a whole lot better with a couple more #Brewers runs this inning.
I know your name! Your name is unimportant to me... NP
just made a bet that Eloy Vargas will be in the NBA next year? Wow. Think he got roofied
Who thinks Lady Gaga should just lend Justin Bieber her balls?
somebody's a big Mahler fan?
inally!have time to spend w/ my family!but missed so much here!
. thanks for the RT!
Love your ideabook! If you're ever looking for wall art to include let me know, I represent and
Enjoyed watching movie King's Speech-great example of the power of coaching (voice coach, in this case) to get desired results
Having a brat at 2 in the morning.
#ItsABootyCallWhen She Text You Like "Can I Just Come Lay With You" 😏 Naked Huh? Ok Ok Come On Get Comfortable Lol
Jus walked into class with my teacher... We both late..
don't be a buzz kill.
MEE TOO AND LISTEN TO MASQUERADE TOO that one is also good i love both bonus tracks so glad i got deluxe !
you're going to make me cry. :(
Same! What are you listening to? :)
#FF My favorite people -
1 week until "Women of a Certain Age" closes. Come to reception 10/28 6-8PM to hear "From Hoops & Stays to Spandex & Spanx" lecture
hey apl! wassup man?? :D reply me please, don't ignore me ;)
At least the won today!
Everyday is mothers day
coming to TMCC tomorrow :D
Loved 's new favorite things song
Watching #ghostadventures :) perfect pre working at a pageant night. Hope all the girls are prep and ready they should follow
“: So disturbed by this episode. #Sad” when she is disturbed by something you know it is messed up.
what does this suppose to mean?
can't miss with a name like that!
Omg! I wanna be in a video, standing right next to
peeps ask me "why do you write more on some reviews than others?" if I'm intrigued or impressed im going 2 write lengthy positive experience
": Happy imma be playing Rb this year!" You know ima b coming down watching u set records for your conference in yards
did you unfollow?
My other acct is please click on it and hit follow,
One of the rabbits is in #LA this weekend!!
At gifted hands about to get my hair done
Imagine having access to information in your own language-important for those of languages w/fewer speakers.
i wonder where are all the #Villans are??
Nicki has good songs , but they just get old and played out. Just saying
oh my yes! As long as I can remember !!
trying to purchase #omeka plan but our admin can't use the googlecheckout #help!
Like the Three Amigos: if there is a platform, Angry Birds will be there.
"The best part of waking up, is Folgers® in your cup..." @ my own apartment! Only 1 Month 25 more days till Spenc is due!
love those labels!
#TwoThingsIWant To be happy when I'm home. And for the fighting to stop. </3
Really hate it when things fall through!
When momma says - "no birth control, no sex!" Poppa is going to think things over and decide real quick which side of argument he's on!
Final score 30-10. We'll get the #Locos in the rematch in Omaha on Oct. 15!
but you can certainly laugh at them! :D
thanks so much
i love You Mother Monster .!!!!! <3
Question of the morning, did I hose my Win 7 installation?
There is a man on the corner of 6th & congress selling roses. I think he was in a training class I facilitated... That or I fired him. Idk.
Happy birthday to the best poster duct-taper ever, the AGC intern Bo Katzakian!
Simply gorgeous out...Spring soon :)
Thank you!
Happy saturday!!!
RT Just don't talk to me ever. Thanks
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Mokey-Love!!!
All these haters hatin on me, but ion really care cuz they girls waitin on me.
We're a Residential, multifamily, and commercial firm. With over 200,000 families living in the homes we designed. See why people trust us
someone who loves me should bring me cheesefries!!
did you leave our fine state??
have a safe trip...
Thanks Leigh!
Bigger invasive government always says integrity to me ; ) May the best side win...
I just found it online, idk if I can find it again but if I do I'll send you the link? Yep it has :)
the neologism "roiphied" requires further contemplation
My tutor's coming soon. ugh I really don't want him coming anymore but him and my mom insist -_-
hey bro i havdnt talked to you in a while! I miss our convos!
lol ew. That song gives me a headache. haha
New to L&F Sentences:“Third party as third eye or just another moist slit, pursed lips for lobbyists to pass coins into with their tongues?”
some people never cease to amaze me.
Good to see you fam
Set up a tent in the camping department; tell others you'll only invite them in if they bring pillows from Bed and Bath
Honestly I'm Scared Of Tha Dark !
thanks for the mention and for sharing your link . :)
Good luck to you too!!!!!!! Congrats to us 😃
Quiet Sat. morning, french toast and the chatter of children. Wishing future paper writing would just disappear- POOF!
Where's that girl from GFS she was cute...
I totally think Jordis rocked that emotional or not
Act like a hoe & ima treat u like a hoe!
Lol why is your name not on your twitter Jose? Nah, thats not the motto haha
I'm going to have bad eyes because Im on my phone so much in the dark... This light is bright!
hahaha, good call on Henderson, I was thinking Williams too. But athlete and swag is Hendo all the way
1 hr to go.. It's cold af in these tents
Lunch shopping and pick up and drop off -twice- for #nutcracker rehearsal. Loving my town.
Confusing cause it shows up on my home page like I sent to the world.
you too. hay #FF to both of ya. it's only 2 hours away.
Miss my Girlfriend I rather be with her riqht now <3
I just want you to know that you deserve the best your beautiful<3
Idk, ppl here are convinced...
excited to hang with and today #girlsday :)
Hey Mone, Long time no talk to. Hope all is well.
God's plan is His power used in and through us. We must refuse to live a less than life.
Becoming increasingly harder to find class guests for ACC. Lots of former guests no longer playing SWTOR.
Good luck tonight my dude
#ItSeemsLike when I like someone, they don't like me but when THEY do, my feelings changes-__-
Awe! Well I'm happy that you're happy! :)
i had lots of fun (:
hey joel! do you remember me? it's been a really long time! We should talk again :D
why keep saying that
thought I already was. Haha.
“: Congrats to for raising over $1000 for charities this month. Rockin it.” Thanks Katie!
Very cool indeed. Though your own URL shortner is pretty nerdy...
Saint Peters cannot get the W. GC wins 3-2
please follow so we can DM you
any word on when you might get out?
Fager: Absolutely against paying license fees, etc. to sources to secure stories. CBS News will not do it.
HUGE Luxury 1BR in Heart of Midtown in New York City - sublet available on
RT : .: our project on digital privacy, security & freedom. Follow them for the latest news & updates.
I figured you for "meetings" all afternoon. on a patio. With a beer. and maybe a client, but that's negotiable.
Round 6 fails: (roseola), Midland Loan (cavernulous), State Street (aidant). still in!
Getting a little tired of #3D meaning all things to all marketers. Let's get a little more technical. We're a #stereo3D film company.
Shooting DREK tomorrow morning in #UnionSquare! :) This is going to be fun!
#Nails charged with #GTA? Say it ain't so,
Have a fantabulous weekend!!
Went back and hit the jump today, but decided to go fast enough this time.
I really miss my best friend. Why'd you have to be a cunt.
Looking for a great way to spend your Saturday night? Head to Los Cabos at the Legends and we'll get you taken care of!
RT : AJR63 to limit the right of recalls has passed. | Unbelievable, Cory
next week im going to buy 's shirt, i cant fucking wait!
Pizza for dinner
AH! I love you
The only real king I know is a guy named MJ. Not the crybaby king lol
Comdey store show, Day Nappy Fro show that is! Come see it!
Nothing is easy, but achieving is always possible. When you achieve something, impossible becomes nothing.
Had a good time out tho wit Corey.
Duke leads Michigan 34-22 in halftime.
My nephew is running around with my point and shoot camera. He's loving it.
Wireless is down at Holiday Inn French Quarter. At least I have my Droid so not totally cut off from the world. G'night.
Sen.Brown is soliciting ideas to reduce the price of gas. He starts with the idea that demand is down and supply is high. I think he's high.
Rihanna. My grandma can barely remember my name, what makes you think she knows yours?
Just heard the letter box lp in my living room. Sounds so nice!
I don't make mistakes, I date them.
News Silence following Williams's racial insult shows how little golf has changed The silence following Steve Williams's rac
I would like to think the Polish language comments on my blog are not spam. *sigh*
Charlotte bound...looking for housing...any suggestions Charlotteans?
Help out! Vote 4 them 2 win $5k to teach kids how to care 4 their pets refresheverything.com/pep Text ur vote! Text 106552 to 73774
How to Make a Dissolving Bikini as a Prank
ima leave that shit alone and just chill and text
Second Half ends, MLS All-Stars 0, Manchester United 4.
yep, whole system crapped out from it. 4 hours wasted (except for being able to sleep)
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO FLORIDA?? PLEASE SAY! I'M YOUR BIGGEST FAN EVER! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, YOUR MY IDOL<3333
Did you see his Twitter? He's definitely not coming back. Do you think he'll go to the NBA? Is Drake gonna be at BBM?
Sure it is - its ad copy. They aren't full sentences to begin with.
Maybe they've had too much to drink. Hey, it happens.
"May the be with you" doesn't seem to work quite as well.
anytime babe ;)
I got my Kindle copy at 1130pm last night. Great book. Loved it!!
Really enjoyed lunch today. Happy 1 year anniversary!
Building out taxonomies for crops & plants, soil & land, agronomy.
This seems really practical!
Great news everybody! Beauty blow out sale on HSN!
i might hire someone whose first email to the agency starts a meme.
You can't judge a book by its cover, but pretty sure I can judge a person by how/where they put their license plate renewal stickers...
Quick, Mary, change the subject! Before a bunch of hair salons with no interest in art start following you!
¿y no invitas?
In the spirit of the season, we wish you truly blissful holiday season. Breathe well!
With over 261 days, 10 hours and 30 minutes until the end of the world. I'm accepting all donations of money, homes & cars
Fly back to LA tomorrow :) :)
I just bought the sweetest winter coat! I love it!
ohh ya . We gone see Whassup. You been m.I.a
It used to be about the cool weird guys talking about mushrooms, man~
what is the best food to pair with dark beer?
to new york but I'm here now!
get a picture
morning folks
Started training for #mkelfmarathon this week. Speed work on Tuesday (4x800's) and Tempo run yesterday. So far so good ...
#TwSIG Should have an Avatar, but Twitter puts an A there. Increases credibility. Bio, very important because it's searchable
Thank you!
do u!
yeah these are cool saw them the other day
It's Friday the 13th... scary movie anyone?
Aww, this #fakeMAtowns #fakeMAtown thing is making me homesick. Does Worcester count? No one knows how to pronounce it so it's barely real.
's in the house. Why some jobs make u lose ur hair, why a cold bath cld be bettrr than brkfst & his secret wd comg up
What I notice in that chart is the correlation breakdown in '00-'01. They used to be right on top of each other.
oh ya and good morning all. what we thought was spring tricked us. it will soon be here, i hope. don't forget madeline forester party 4/10
how goes it for ya
for what?
"What do they have that we don't? Lives? Time? Boobs." funny bc it's true
sheep can now tweet : Lambstock upgrades: wifi in the sheep pastures, foundation for wood oven goes in the week. More to come.
you know what really grinds my gears? missing out on taco tuesdays at
I'll take it RT : USA defeats England, 1-1!!! Nice result, great start to
just google it. You will be able to pick your area from there
I'm so tired 
Getting started on our next show, we need models, designers, musicians and artists of all kinds to come together!
Preconf meetup nearing an end. Heading out to
Saw daughters said I remind them of 2 characters in the movie & Jennifer Lewis's role *something 2 think abt*
why didn't i advertise the student advisory team on twitter/facebook until the day the applications are due
Some people come into your life as blessings, others come into your life as lessons
‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.’
Im going to watch all your movies
what's up Dallas? whats going on tonight?
Franny D grom The Dirges playing at the Piano Bar tue may 8th , 9pm w/ Melyssa Marie. See ya there
You must not only aim right, but draw the bow with all your might. - Henry David Thoreau
" So, so happy for you, friend! #enjoyit" - thank u friend!!
I wish I was cool and like right when I tweeted something I get like 10
One door closes and another one opens:-) Congrats!
Oh my god!! This is Bayerns game.
I am having the best time with and his silly songs and his non-invited sexual harassment.
The trick to dropping the past is to find out how to live now as if it were forever.
I swear my hair gets curlier everyday.
This trip makes it official - no need for any computer other than my iPad ever again
Can't wait to have u as a #car2go member! Let us know how the 1st drive goes :) Love the concept. Can't wait to try it out!
lolololololol follow me back or I'll cut my hand?
If you're in Marion, Ind., today, pick up a copy of the Chronicle-Tribune for an article about the Point Park-Taylor game yesterday.
Lunchtime is double time
We will (& we'd love to attend a little fun networking thing) :)
hahaha oh gosh..still makes me laugh!
Great times this weekend : S/O to and
I followed back.(:
on a hunt for vocal samples...
Shut these IU fans up on Saturday!
first goal was a joke. The men
Really wishing I could text Bjork "break a leg, babe."
Why are you so obsessed w/ me?
8 cars involved in an incident on the restart. Sato moved from 5th to 3rd! RED MISSED needs to get Power and Hunter-Reay on the next restart
heading out to San Francisco...Fun times ahead ; )
Also, I should prolly change my username/pic now, right? Been meaning to do that.. Hahah
so true!
RT lol freaken puertoricans we answer our own ?s and point w our lips but talk w our hands smh #lmfao so true!!
Bribery&culture of corruption remains in the Phil's. #OldTraditionalPoliticianInThePhil's are the #realproblems cc:
That was me until I reset my AIM password.
what'd ya think!?
I would like to thank the creators of Xanax for making this night possible.
#ThingsMyExSaid "i know you taby, i know you did shit. Quit liein. " big trust issues there.
I don't think y'all ready for what's about to go down tonight...
Looking at american dad and playing on ps vita
Yesterday at my author visit in Lincoln, IL, a 3rd grader wrote: "Joy feels like the wind in my hair when I ride my bike." Nice.
IS THE TRUTH!! James Brown has awaken & asked "Who dat singing James Brown ... & I'm James Brown?"
I know, I miss you too...and I'm pretty good! Not letting these fools get the best of me. Wbu?
Lame officiating.
Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake caaaakeee
1005 Princess Anne St. Fred. Va. 22401! $10 admission- $5 w/ student ID! 9pm! Come on out and see us, Third Stream Giants! :)
We Are The In Crowd, Secret Secret Dino Club, Rival Summers and more at The Legion Hall in Rochester tonight! 6pm come hang out with us!
thank you for the RT
I love my favorite actor, that its you ;´D
Mesh shelves provide the extra air-flow required by cold store items such as meats, dairy, vegetables or linen.
Thanks for the follow. Your site is cool!
Vladimir was a similar character to Vito. Strong presence, strong presentation.
awww thank you! Glad you had a great time! Hope we will see you again soon! XOXO
Sunshine is coming out in downtown #Milwaukee - great way to start the day!!
...'cause it was on my FB?
Come on Pau!!!
waah it was boring!
I'm staying the night at coco keys
Thanks for the follow! I followed back! :)
congrats mama! what kind of job is it?
For attendees of our HiveC3 session on Facebook April 6, we sent out some additional Facebook resources. Next session is May 4.
How was SXSW?
'I saw my baby, crying hard as babe could cry!'
yeah...i believe u
Does anyone think EWC would be #BetterwithConfetti?
At Henry's Puffy Tacos with girl!!!
