Where's my #DrPeppers at? Need sugar-fix. :)
How would you know if your not looking at me..Lady you tripping!!!
Joridel performing Live @ the 1st Hispanic Festival in Liberty City Miami, Fl on the 11th of December!!!!
you think " ( Thomas a Kempis, from " The Imitation of Christ.") I know he's right, even before my feasible departure.
i think "abby road" is slowy becoming my fave beatles record.
thanks. I have that. But doesn't work inside apps.
i hope someday i can be marky mark in 's steel dragon. you need a drummer guys... guys? stand up and shout.
Don't forget to breathe & eat JJ :)
What #OWS needs to be saying to Wall Street today: "Beware the ideas of March."
Choose your own speed in Key West & the Florida Keys: Drive to The Florida Keys & Key West and experience one of the best scenic road...
Feasture : Feast and or grub in excess amounts Momma can you grab me some Feasture ?
Been watching the Man City game and they only score when I turn away for 15 seconds. This is ridiculous.
The world's 7th billionth person is supposed to be born tomorrow
When the PARK is to dangerous to PLAY, the people of God need to PRAY!
Also, Merriam-Webster Online has added rhymes to its definitions: "catalog, demagogue, leopard frog, mummichog..."
hi hunny I sent u an email I'm gonna get a bottle of the Phenedox just let me know where to send the money xoxo
Need more info on Advertising for a no-brainer fee of 99.00 per year, go to Youtube.com. Search libizcard.com
bum day!
Looking forward to the PAGES event tomorrow at the Columbus Metropolitan Library. Can't wait to read the publication!
can you feel what I feel by looking into my eyes?
Hello and thanks for your RT about dry stone.
Lilly ... this time it is root of individuality
Being a DJ sounds like a pretty cool job.
My whole life has changed, since you came in.
who will be our 800th follower?
RT : My thighs are fat// So Whatcha gon do about it?
Love #himym quotes
would be nice to listen tmrw, but the fanatic always cuts your show off!! What's up with that???
you could always save me from school and we could get married and live happily ever after.
yeah u do. It sounds so dirty. So bassy-y. Face melting in the
and : if I haven't thanked you already, thanks for the follow!
Big thank yous to our premier sponsor, to for the photos, , and for show creative
go to the bar. Take care of Jules and Beth. 2 of my old bartenders.
If my boss had twitter. . . . But he doesnt
on the bus!
Will give it a try but think I tried that and could not get the background, pic was ok. Will let you know thanks luv.
they are just people
you might want to check Chris' house.
We are bonding over stolen candy
IBM Tries To Screw Salespeople Out Of Commissions, Says One Who Just Quit
KDAY is killin' it today with all the weed jams for 4/20. Gangsta Party
The Pineapple Challenge was excellent, and a great fundraiser for the LLS. I am looking forward to the Portland Bridge Pedal tomorrow.
You're my biggest hit.<3
Dinner discussion: what princess my sister will dress up as at Disney world.
Today its gonna happen for real I need the real back
imma see you on tv djrocsidiaz love u girl later on okay djrocsi ??
People of earth...you really need to download the Foster The People EP. Trust me!
u kno u bored when u look up songs from like 2007
Nothing much. You?
Need to think out of box in crisis mgmt, social media is helping fundamentally change, improve response
ha that's awesome I'd feel very courtly receiving an email like that :)
I have nobody to hang out with/:
Congrats on being one of Biz Bash's most innovative event pros!
how do WE get in?!? #runnerds RT : You automatically got qualified for
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Love Tietam Brown. U really made me laugh.. out loud on city buses.. I made sure 2 stick out the cover so ppl would read it 2
I'm so blessed to still have my grandparents to hang with. They're truly my favorite people. Give someone you love a hug today, just cuz!
haha yayy! Country music is just amazing! I'm glad you agree :)
it doesn't matter to me
Happy Friday! Start your weekend off right with a relaxing cup of tea!
when all seems lost, there's only one way to turn
Hey it's BK, Do u want "Breadfan" by Metallica or Budgie at 4:45? Viva Fiesta!
#favoritelyricofalltime Im not playing i just say it i cant live without you
Foodcarts in PDX are the best. If you are thirsty I would go to Close by and great beer and atmosphere.
True, but Unique was doing her thing too
what's it called when you're tweet 'naturally' comes out to 140 char? it's happened to me twice
I don't feel good /:
Sounds like there are sirens all over Phoenixville right now. Anyone know what's going on?
cant wait for crew fest tonight!
and pick up mail. :)
Yeah. Sometimes it's hard to keep the eyes open at night!
Daang you are a busy girl aren't you haha
My Manager is about to e-mail you in about 5 minutes
I have no life when is at football camps. Beginning to hate football.
Its scripture, not a contract. And they aren't so much commandments as shallow moral guidelines, plus $5 mil guaranteed.
U ugly ass dumb bitch I will kick ur ass if u talk to me in person. HATE KATY!!!!!! Fucking idiot....
right there with you
I thought I transferred out of all of that but nope. I'm still a target, and I guess an easy one at that. People fucking suck
Tomorrow is my birthday! Woot! Hopefully it's better than my last :)
The Pens are imploding. They're running out of real-estate in the box.
the NKOTB Christmas album is classic! My brother flushed my cassette tape of it down the toilet back in the day :)
It's so cold outside :(
Who likes unfiltered, old world syrah?
my mind was set on rant mode regarding human stupidity when I responded to your tweet. Made no sense a the time I know :)
WTF jeremy is makin me mad *ignore*.
back on twitter :D
Sadly, that more teens & adults light up a marijuana smoke in public (Milwaukee's southside) without punity. Low priority for MPD officers.
I never thought I'd see the day. You dont strike me as a tweeter
hey gurlie i missed ya so was up????
when people try to insult other people and don't spell words right.. hahaha
I wish my family was close... But Shit we spreaded all around America.
The moon has some major wow factor going on tonight!
I thought it was going to be today but they can't do it today. So, I'll have to help them with it tomorrow.
these rappers aint keeping it 100 out here child...that the game child needs to quit and get a real job
nice! MT w00t, Aurora Health Care is playing w/ the other cool MedlinePlus Connect kids now
“: Preaching on covenant and compromise. Should be interesting! Can't wait to worship! ”
Can't wait until "Hope Has Come EP" releases on Oct. 30th!!! Save the date to get your copy and help support our ministry!
#TRUE YOU WOULDN'T WANA LOOSE YA NETWORK....
Pickup and start Chris Ogbonnaya if ur desperate for a starter this weekend.
True that. RT : Living together is our common task. We cannot retreat into cultures of exclusion
S/o to he's cool, everyone should follow. (: He
Yeah, kinda like that ;)
Hoping that and are having a fab show at tonight!!!
Had my son’s hearing tested because he’s always yelling
Lol, I'm going to try and come because I'll be moved out of Taylor by then.
omg its so cute. that picture!!!
Local coffee house has a #DJ on the porch. Sun is out, people talking, and #foreveryoung is serenading us.
Chauncey stuckey is doing what he does best fumble the ball, thank god he's not on our team anymore. #butterfingers #getsomestick'emman
thanks for the retweet, Pablo!
SA code enforcement officer John Garza is always on duty. He's the 1st to start a recycling bag.
a girl after my own ❤ Rt “: Nothing like some at 7:15 in the morning”
miss u, and I'm craving some jeds balls....m sound so yummy!
I FINNA READ A BOOK ABOUT ISAIAH AND HOW I AM THE PROFIT
Going to IFF Nationals Pageant in Florida... whoo hoo!! I wished June would hurry up and get here.. cant wait to compete.. so excited
Thanks for the quick help!
Q: If you and your lover had two free round trip airline tickets to anywhere in the continental US- where/what/when wouldja do?
What's good, Beef Curry? Only Jersey calls you that... lol! Thanks for the follow too...
an joseph Trapanese should score the new mortal kombat film. I'd love to hear their approach to that universe :-)
Welp, I was not on that checklist. What's up wit dat?? lol
pretty sure I'm going to live in dresses this summer!
well no social issue news cycle would be complete without a Palin weighing in, I guess
RT : It's in our nature to always want more. Today let's remember to be thankful for all that we have. Keep the attitude positive!
See talkcounts facebook page
I am hearing in committee from those who will be directly impacted. And these are people who are working, but still need a helping hand.
P. what up yo? How you been?
appreciate orders and responses! just wanted to relay that.
So even having a good idea among the people, lacking awareness of how things are done, sets us up 4 continual cycle of going nowhere.
TV Quote "You Killed the Wrong Girl last Night".... "That why God Made Extra Bullets!". And there ya have it -Magic City
Octopus == Zimbra, do you think #vmware will host via Mozy, doesn't that mean enterprise lockin to #Mozy? #mezeo has many partners
family sucks when the people in your family are asses
Thanks! Stay tuned for more great improvements, and amenities to come. Come get your prize!
was on sale at Target last week so I tried it and now I'm hooked!! Reasonably priced as well and awesome flavor!!
Most women, being humans and all, really like sex. How many more features must analyze this fact as if the writer just discovered fire?
Just involved in a hit-and-run. I was the 'hit' and I chased down the 'run.'
People call Wednesday "Hump Day", I call this false advertisement!
shush<3 I have the right to plead the 5th ! It must be my basketball skills !!!
Headache and 4 hours of homework I didn't start. What a wonderful evening
Everyone on this show is crying because its their dream, but they suck so BAD at their "talent." America is now the Special Olympics
The world's biggest slumber party is taking place at Staples. The crowd and the team are sleeping. WAKE UP ALREADY!!!!!
Elway can do no wrong.
When's the #Buccinohitterchallenge coming to Twitter?
I keep turning it back up and when I switch windows with Mission Control it appears to dim again.
Remember that one time i got in a fight with a friend and now im not in the musical because of it.... yea.... wow
I like the outfits lol
Beautiful women...stop selling yourselves cheap... dont nobody want that yard sale booty.
Have a Spruce-gasmic weekend!
I didn't realize that standing up for people I love makes me sensitive?
You are too slow to respond to the outage. At least post that there is something going on. Been almost an hour for me now.
How tired am I, exactly? I just opened the refrigerator while looking for the camera.
Whether working or partying tonight, be safe & have a DD. 32% of #StPattys traffic fatalities are due to drunk drivers. Have fun & be safe.
Rangers win
My #fridayreads is Eugenides' The Marriage Plot.
Where is the breakfast tomorrow? (Thursday) lmk if u get this b4...TY!!
Breakfast cereal still doesn't have a zip-lock top. Great job humans.
hold you sound like your yelling at me
25 And Adam beckoned his wife again to give birth to a son, and called his name Seth, saying,
I agree completely... Pitching is definitely NOT the problem..
Hey Fuji Fans. Join our text club & have our BEST coupons go to your cell. Just text the word "FujiFanClub" to 96362 to join! It's FREE!
Rooting on the tonight from Atlanta, GA on national TV... finish the race!
My bday is this week & I think I've finally reached the point where I am too old to comfortably sit on a wood floor and work on crafts.
We are completely booked for our overnight pet sitting services for Christmas! We still have our standard pet sitting visits available!
Kobe is pure undiluted filth.
sad day for the cubbies :(
as soon as...they are finished. Being printed MONDAY!
Hope your day goes fast then :)
Poetry winner: Nikky Finney for Head Off & Split. Great title! I want to read her poetry.
“: I dont.wanna be an ice skater. Okay so what is it then. I wanna be a ballerina. Aww thats so cute”
Happy Hell Week everyone :) <3
WOW! Justin Beaver, 50 cents with Mayweather and Calle 13 with Cotto!!! This is gonna be a fight!
So Albuquerque... Whats up?
I can't wait till my B-Day (Feb 29) im a pisces ^^i can't wait #TeamMindless Peace&Love ^^
rock on!
Dear Ryan, please don't make new versions of our favorite songs. Just the songs that we don't know.
Some people think that they are pessimists when they are really optimists that have been consistently disappointed.
what was that song at the end of the assembly friday i think it was a dubstep song?
This time tonight I will be getting ready for dinner at Next El Bulli. How cool is that! Can't wait.
i want this so badly<3
"Let's get meta-physical: finding the meta in the metadata"
People seriously don't know how to re-rack weights. Why put the 35's where the 90's go
NBC canceled Awake, no surprise. Interesting premise but too procedural for me. I pretty much gave up after ep. 3
Great session on #edtech w/ Baltimore City Schools yesterday. Interesting discussion on historical response to #edtech thru the years
Have the courage to act, instead of react.
Went out last night and I'm still sleepy
I second that emotion.
Salty my internet down I need to hear dat meek mill
#HANA #Technology on Display in booth #1503. Stop by & enter to win a $25 gift card OR a new #Dell XPS13 laptop!
From what we've seen so far, do you believe the Indians will win our division this season?
why are you do talented and gorgeous :)
RT comet will not be open for the rest of the day but we hope to see you all tomorrow!
1 cup KALE has 36 #calories,provides 192% of daily value #vitaminA, & since this is a plant source of vitamin A, you cannot overdose on it!!
im super bored!!!! #tweetingspree !!!! :)
Nice to meet you today, Luke. And happy birthday!
just signed up 4 hootsuite, need help scheduling more than one message.
My ex Morman neighbors admitted they help the Morman community only...rarely if ever go beyond the confines of the LDS church.
This fog is not playing around, people
Use the 14th Amendment to Raise the Debt Ceiling. There's no negotiating with the Tea Party.
Saw Hollywood Complex a doc abt delusional stage moms & kids headed for rehab thinking they can start @ top of show biz w/ vultures circling
I wish we could google how a certain person feels about us...
!!! :) 😄 “: I thank God I'm alive just ready for a speedy recovery!!”
Had a reaction yesterday to stinging nettle tea. A good reminder for me that home remedies still require caution.
10 more frames to go until i reach the point i wanted to get to today... Fuck animation lol
I always feel so much better after talks with my mom. she really knows what she's talking about.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Drag Me To Hell
What do you do when you have 5 days off in a row?
Happy Birthday to one of the nicest people on twitter!
#AN12 was wonderful - presenting, volunteering, learning ... I'm so excited for the next year and beyond.
Just in time for Prom; updo specials for $45.00. Book an appointment with Paula!
that is WAY too long D:
Thank you to all the neighbors and friends who came out for our first open house of the season! Stay tuned, for the next one
ha ha, right on. bring it!
Paul Ryan says his budget closes "special interest loopholes." Will he say what those are?
no but I'm sure there are a few Winnipeggers willing to buy your tickets in cdn dollars to get the team back. Lol!
A windy day. It makes me want to sing "Such a long way to go" in the voice of Michael McDonald over & over again.
Be thankful that you are able to work this hard.
babysitting my lil nefew gonna watch little foot in a sec! lol i love him
I wanted to keep a kitten I saw on the road in florida she snuggled me and everything dad wouldn't let me :(
I wouldn't say racist. Definitely stereotypical though
#ObamaInHistory 7 trillion is debt in 3 years, down grade in our credit, mandating an unconstitutional law, eating dogs
Never drinking a monster energy drink again! My heart is racing
Hey man! Are you still able to be a zom today? I need to find someone if you can't. Only a couple hrs. left.
I had another great day at JBLM today. A very hearfelt thank you to all the men and women who serve to keep our country free.
Congrats! RT Congratulations to our very own John Stratman! One of Susan G Komen 2012 Pink Tie Guys!
i did just now
I think the staff and the parking lot attendants at this hospital is in cahoots...I came here to get some results read and its taking an ...
Sandless Sandbags.Never build another sandbag for flooding.Green Product. Fast,efficient and environmentally safe
When people are spiraling out of control and they don't even know it...
Crap! Bautista's pitcher was terrible
sounded like at the chorus for #SaySomething <3 that's amazing !
Seriously, fuck American politics. Good thing we don't compare national averages with political science. I'm sure we're worse than w/ math.
If two sets of twins went to prom together that would be so sweet lol
guess I won't be flying Allegiant any time soon....
Something as simple as "Why rhythm?" is a very interesting question. Don't you think?
": True facts RT donald duck orange juice taste like citrus asshole juice...nasty"lol 4 reals tho all bitter and shit
im a opinionated person ...
I'll even rent you a burnt orange lambo for your visit. Lol
best tweet ever?
is yo block head ass in Milwaukee yet? Lol
AHA walk was a good time for the entire family. Pets were even welcome. It was a great day!
Dunleavy spent a lot of time putting up 3s w/ coach Peterson after practice yesterday. Paying dividends. 3-4 from 3. 23 pts.
Happy friday to you also =)
I'm on a natural high but I land perfect.
I want to go to college in Arizona. 
blip.fm sucks ass. They never have the shit I wanna hear on there.
Thinking hot tub
Everyone's posting about it being the last Monday, guess it's just me and like 4 people who are stuck coming Monday😓
Is anyone from SAM attending #mw2012?
RT : I couldn't be more thrilled. YAY ! The librarians at Miami University just passed an Open Access policy.
In camdenton with the friends(:
do you have a favorite nfl team? Have a safe trip!
I would love to meet the teenage versions of my parents....
"I look GOOD with a playoff beard" -
watching 's last concert ever. kinda sad, but there's exciting things ahead as well.
Smallbizchat Celebrates 3 Years of Helping Thousands of Entrepreneurs Today marks the third anniversary of my Twitter talk show
Save a bike! Take a cab! Something is wrong with this advice...
RT I liked GIRLS until they mistakenly namedropped some Prospect Heights bars as Cobble Hill bars.
RT : Thank god for true fuckin friends man. I don't even know what I'd do without em.
#ASuperPowerIWouldHave is the ability to fly, that'd be pretty cool ;)
At baptist awaiting godson birth!
Psalm 145:20 The Lord preserves all who love Him, But all the wicked He will destroy.
oh where are you from?
Are we suppose to print the pages, then staple them together ? o':
Adolescent Development Journal Offers New Article Packs on Issues of Concern to Professionals Who Work With Youth
The fact that I'm missing the first couple periods of school >>>>
Happy Friday. Hope to see you at our May 20 festival.
I have three. I plan to trade them all in.
It's been too long since and I have hung out in the nook.
I can't believe the Hackoff got taken off the air for Rockies Opening Day
Great jerk chicken pie ...pizza of the week. Check it out!
I think my mom thought it was too early or something. Haha
ok. I'll try and find sumfinn with spiderman tho. Remind me or cuz we're buddies for the trip. xD
Just a few things.
Oh boy, ! A whole NEW (but not-so-new) way to communicate!!
Make sure you follow this PRO in the foodie world for entertainment, tips and recipes!
ran 3km on an injured hip, came 4th in the district.
has lion eyes...
Rolled down a hill... Pretty sure I hit a rock on the way down 😢
Subway = front pg USA Today ad w/ celeb trainers & day after #BiggestLoser premiere.
That is the funniest dirty thing I've heard today. “: I'm starting an all-female version of Twitter and calling it Clitter.”
That was yo warning
The Diviners is being compared to #DorothyParker story. We have to get in the DPSociety
prolly cause I never showered in the mornings in the winter cause I learned my lesson haha
Yes. It makes the coastal driving really slow too. Super windy roads in and out of trees.
Really? Um, so, where does the time go? (And also, knock 'em dead)
I had a change of heart after I talked to <3
Too bad my mom wasn't there to see it. :(
What is #Dragoncon? Drunken Renaissance Fair Halloween for Top Level Badass Nerds.
Wish me luck at my Talent Show TONIGHT?!!?? <333
agree. Hate to say it but forget ours and focus n common core #aslachat. Show that we are on the same team
Tonight I will be dining on sadness...and maybe a little couscous
IDK ...LETS CHANGE THE SUBJECT...DO U SEE UR GIRLFRIEND ALOT
RT : RT : Convenience and reliability aren't enough anymore. Your site has to be addictive and fun.
Can I get an AMEN?!
call me back
Say, 's domain registration has expired. Do you know if there's someone on the case? Would hate for the site to be lost.
i want u, but wht can i do when u aren't even mine ...
Nah he was hoping you'd
In the studio tomorrow. Getting this album finished for all u great folks.
Power has been restored :-)
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me!
one last drink.
I need an iphone immediatly
- I am ready when you are!!! - Lets's make a plan! Happy New Year To You Too!!
She may have a great personality, but that aint got #%^& to do w/y u like her lolol.
Won't see this but I still have hope! Hi, I love you! :D
computer speed! human agility! WE CAN REBUILD HIM!
man its 6:25 and i wake up ...hamsa is till playing this lame ass game talkin bout he has ensamnia ...
you are not slick.....
We're auditioning drummers for the Jedi Nighties...let us know if you hear of someone good, especially if she's a female drummer.!
How many times? RT En route to New Zealand. Just passed the island from LOST.
Hey Dave are you still writing Clover all the time? Oh yeah you never did !
Attended the LA screening of SMASH last night..... Katharine? Was McPhee-nom-enol !!!!
Studying #python is actually fun, but I find myself flaking out during. I need to write a program to ding every 2 secs to keep me focused.
Ditto your LoL... Too many people exceed their 5 min limit! ;) xo
I went and got my X-Ray so I just ain't go
listening to some
Too bad no more TLR to heckle, tease about excuses
(c) and be real but will be quick to talk about you as soon as you are being yourself an being real so next time someone talks about (c)
we were joking.
I wonder if that Might Fix It tape would create an air tight, water tight seal on the leaking BP oil rig.
YES!!! That is AWESOME. You have successfully got a song stuck in my head for life.
Excited for #CareFirstCommitment tonight in Annapolis w/ Matt Stover! So proud of & for planning a great event!
Happy last day of classes to all the Seniors who don't take Friday classes! Did you ever think this day would come?
i know but whatever
Hey do you have email alerts/subscription for your blog?
All of the admins are on! HEY~Ashley
I hope your have a amazing night to little Brooke lol
is the Mitt Romney Barber Shop going to open up next to the Hillary Clinton Hair Salon? #semiseriouspoliticswithrachelfauber?
really?? You have a night light still??
Thank you Apple support squad. After being down today, my laptop is alive again. Apparently 50,000+ items in your trash slows things down.
They did it mama!!..
Billions of dollars available to lend! For Land, hospitality, multi-family, office, industrial, retail and others.
#HappyMothersDay! i am blessed to have many #mother figures in my life. The best of is my #mom - whose strength cont. to amaze & impress me
I already know lol!! I got you Boo!! I know what you like
hi mom!
"I love women", but do women love you. Dont play the sucka.
Good luck dude.
No other words needed. RT : Coldplay
Yeah we were at the ball field today ;)
Everybody says sleeping in til nine is so early ... For me that's about as late as I sleep ever
The holiday season in NYC is so much fun. Enjoy!
Thank you all for RT and mentions! Enjoy the week
following back beautiful :)
aww thanks girl! Are you in town? Dinner or coffee Sunday?
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW TABLET PC REVIEW: HTC EVO View 4G Android Tablet (Sprint)
23 Years of fine dining experience? Sounds like a solid resume, We will have come by and see how amazing he is!
You don't have to have a taco just because it's Cinco de Mayo-join us at the M for the biggest celebration in town starting at 6pm
We had a great time during the Domino's thing! :)
still too cloudy.
My baby cousin was born this morning. He's adorable!
Holiday family gatherings are stressful because you're forced to face the short genetic distance between you and a completely insane person.
what do you mean? U should text me so i can send u a pic of me so u can see for your self :)
yeah I know
Top Agent Magazine wrote an article about me. Check it out and see what they have to say!
Naked Harry? Yes please! <3 LLN
smoothie and #sc2. Life is great :
i miss ! #ohyouwannarace?
Some of ya'll are really "going down the road" with this Trayvon issue. I'm seeing so many generalizations & rumors.
Gonna be super busy the next few days
if there is a gtcdc tweet up at #ISTE11 , let me know
what charity do u want us to donate to this year? nominate ur fave. charity by tweeting us its name. top 4 org. with most votes gets a gift!
Great music and website. Thanks for the tweet and good luck with everything.
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
. #CRUNCHthatSHIT baby!! I miss my crew!! #SXSW isn't the same without ya.
I want to fire walk.
OK cool
two days until my first winter break as a 9 month faculty member. I can't wait.
Thank you, friends at the for distributing poetry bookmarks throughout National Poetry Month.
You did a great job with the build up on that one! ^jl
Softcore porn filter for the chase group.
Schiraldi: What would you want for your own kid if they ran afoul of the law?
Thanks for noticing!!
Love it when I can't sleep... I get so much done! Been up for 2 hours now and am banging through my to-do list like nobody's bidness
if you ever do decide to part ways with Ur username, I'd like a crack at it. Thx
I <3 their SALTY SALTY fries !! and their nuggetz (: i also like those Iced Caramel Frappe xD FANCY
good morning:-) I'm on my way to work, to put in some hours on that clock! Hope you have a great day #Bestie!
Lets be real about this shit, can i take you home?
Don't ask me to do something for u when u have legs and feet ... I'm not a maid and goin baylee?! Baylee?! Isn't helping
Fired up for this game!!! COLD BEER HERE!!!
don't you hate a teacher that talks for the whole class period #motormouth lol
See! How'd I know she'd say that? =D
Now you follow back;)
Oh that stink foot niqqa sleep here hardly eva, maybe once or twice per week so thats qood. Apart from dat eriting going well.
Very slim, Julie. And if you do.....will you remember the night in Woodland Hills.....
"in life keep 3 people in your life: 1 that inspires you, 1 that is paralle to you, and one that you inspire..... "
Daily Quote "Immediate feedback isn't always useful. People need to reflect first on their performance", Nic - ProfitAbility ID Team
Buying my adtr ticket finally, c:
Raider Rumble
Open-source data & platforms for supply chain tracing, modelled on
Strong, confident women are on the eHarmony commercials. Not on the #Bachelor That being said "Call Me?"
According to Rudi Volti, an artifact (or technological object) is an element of technology. ~Don
They wanna talk What they gonna say
Ferris got their scores already.. WTF! Dickinson better tell us already :|
Last night was too fun!
It's wild how put off by kindness people in NYC are.
So I think #oomf is coming to town soon to surprise me. I sure hope so cause I miss you!
Who you think you messing with Essay...don't chu know I'm LoCo!!!
; dear skank, i can smell you all the way up here! :D
Still another 30 minutes til we close. Are you coming? We wanta see your happy face! Or bring your not-so-happy face, we'll brighten it up.
I'm focused!
New Lovely Follower
Can Bears beat the Lions? If they can't, who can they beat?
That was pathetic. Welke should be ashamed.
Creative day, but brain dead now, time for cup of tea, biscuits and the new Sherlock Homes.
Video introduction to The Millennials television series will be launching soon along with the official site.
And if you don't like golf, you're smart. I'll have gray hair at 25 because of the stupid game. Still, something beautiful about it.
My new favorite sports team name The Florida Everblades
I can't deal with this phillies game right now.
There is no more certain sign of a narrow mind, of stupidity, and of arrogance, than to stand aloof from those who think differently from...
My Macbook Air is so borked right now, can't even boot into Lion Recovery mode. Wonderful.
Looking forward to the Jersey Shore fantasy draft and subsequent watching party this evening. Time for Italy to get its smush on.
Hilarious! RT : #youresowhite you have turkey feathers and a dream catcher hanging on your rearview.
Love you all! Thanks for a great time!
Who tryin bet money G-town make it to the Final Four
Ugh school
Yes, I was born on St. Patrick's Day. And apparently, I’m 1/16 Irish.
Kate Hudson and Kate Moss: The Good, the Bad and the Mesh! Both Kate Hudson and Kate Moss took to London town at the British Fashion Awar
On that note, "wirelessly" should totally be a word. Why isn't it yet, oh great beings of squiggly red line under misspelled words?
THANKS! I just hope likes it too.
I'm sorry, what did you just say?
Its going to be a late night work will suck tomorrow
sick used to be something you would pray for.
Extra innings in the #Phillies game vs Pirates. I'm on the edge of my seat and it's only game 2 of the season. Oh baby!
Thank you for that! Really sweet. :)
NM Update: Polishing up some new songs...on a crazy writing frenzy! Can't wait to see you! Luv, NM
Damn, now that song is in my head. And I keep picturing that stupid video.
RT if you saw do the sprinkler dance in America s Best Dance crew!!
Dishes... you are my worst nightmare.
Thanks to for showing love!
What? Junior Seau...no way?
I'm gonna be a superstar :D ♥ Who's gonna hepl me ?? Xoxo ;**
Will you be live tweeting from the red carpet of the Avengers premiere? If so, one request: ScarJo twitpics, please.
#madmen now. need my nostaglia fix. no spoilers.
Drinking in public is apparently very acceptable at the Fort Worth livestock exchange. Hello, cold bottle of beer!
Oh love arguments with my boyfriend about how awesome #March is. Why so many #haters??
You don't have a lot to talk about and you don't talk about your future together
We're praying. Speaking to Mamma Lupita. Be Strong.
NoW THAT'S JUST REDICULOUS !!
Are there any real downsides to jailbreaking? How do you guys feel? cc:
Don't forget open call auditions tomorrow from 3-4 come one come all =)
When you get back, could you show me how to fix some padding things on that template you sent me?
Looks like I'm gonna be a god mother to another baby. 👶 love kids
i wanna hear To The Top by Ja Rule off
Great insights from caller Jeremy with ideas of revamping the tax system in the US. Do you think he's on the right track? 317-736-0950
Only if Payton asks him to "Will the Tuna float again n the Big Easy?"
NOW!:D
Game gone pop tonight cant wait come n watch us play palo
I love you :*
send me your num!
Sorry ass fuckin heat
Two weeks to finalize the jersey sponsor. Let's get to work.
Thank you, cat, for puking ON the rug instead of the hardwood floor right next to it.
Hard to concentrate on work this morning....WOOOHOOOOO!
Why I love hanging out in Paterson: swimmers. more importantly, shirtless swimmers.
Yeah...that is true. I guess we'll find out next season.
ALEXI CASILLA takes us to NYC and the Post Season !!!!!!
Just saw the Vow
Thanks for your reply! Enjoy it and let us know your review! Would love to be featured on your programming!
Bouts to eat some cookies W/Milk ... M hm Yummy!
we haven't met yet, have we? Meet u tomorrow!
Oh Josh Hamilton, I love how my fantasy league allowed me to draft you even though I already had Braun and Bautista as my keepers... Lol
id prefer it if they signed brooks kieschnick again instead, bullpen help and pinch hitter!
- Thanks for the sign. Just in time for our house concert.
Had some of that here, too, but rain is needed.
Next presentation (calling in from Quito, Ecuador) - RFID Self-Checkout Using Koha and Invego
He sent me a winky face
Lol...well are you in North Dakota?? that's my issue here =) BUT thank you so much for the invite!
Pinterest is intriguing but I'm not sure what to make if it yet. It's fun to see people exploring.
that's what he said.. but it wasn't good
Good thing I got that o.g Kush : )
10 unread messages on fb. 6 unread messages on pinger. 0 mentions on twitter... hm. I'm all cool.
Supermoon's weakness, apparently, is total cloud cover.
get well soon
It would be legendary, of course.
Waiting for "that guy" to post Andy Samberg and Justin Timberlake's Motherlover.
oh yes,ear infection and allergys start playing up,the day i have to go to school,its fine..-_-.
I'm in Vegas for the fight they'll b done on monday
Poetry surrounds us everywhere, but putting it on paper is, alas, not so easy as looking at it. ~ Van Gogh
Come here a fellow citizen talk about fiat currency, the federal reserve system and all things above and beyond. Wednesday, Dec. 14th, 7-8pm
LISTEN TO BOB MARLEY AND TELL ME HE AINT A DAWG!
I don't play baseball but ill hit a homerun -pitbull
OMG #WeLoveKevinJ is trendy!!! love ya kev
The bravest are surely those who have the clearest vision of what is before them... and yet notwithstanding, go out to meet it. - Thucydides
Cookie crisp= best after school snack ever.
or plays should I say, bit odd I know, just going a bit mental here!
Y'all follow -- ^_^ he needs it!
OMG WHERE WAS EZRA THIS EPISODE?? WEN ARIA TALKED TO HER PARENTS ABOUT NO SECRETS I THOUGHT SHE WAS GONNA TEL ABOUT EZRIA <3 OMG
Thanks for the mention :)
I don't have an attitude I have a personality that you can't handle.
With a little creativity and advanced planning, your next casino party is sure to be a great success!
How's it going ?
crying like a little bitch because i look like an ugly fuck .
PULLED PORK SLIDERS: 3 egg buns filled with barbequed pulled pork & dill pickle served with sweet potato strings.
I have yet to see a cloud in the sky out here!
The Bucs had a bad outting on Sunday afternoon. The game was blacked out due to a lack of ticket sales.
HELLO DO U PROMOTE
We feel this stands repeating: Cool off with a refreshing Bing-Su. Yep, Korean Shaved Ice!
: Sometimes the projects I'm most interested n get sidelined by projects people r most interested n $ me 2 do” < +1
P.S. I'm always lurking in the audience
Gonna workout tonight
I know, its crazy lol
Well give it back!!
Really excited about #ThePitch on !
There's a world out there that we should see.
Mom, can you make me breakfast, music to my ears!
is almost 18. Now I'll have to wait till I'm of age to marry him, I remember when he was 13 omg
Watching the food network when you're hungry is torture.
you love us :) we need another movie night!
unfortunately we lost, but thank you to everyone who supported us! Congrats to CityZen, and we'll see you 4/16 Room
aww man, all these trending topics, LOL! come on people....
I feel like as manager I should get to talk to more, but its less and less everyday
sharedgenes.com! go there now
I was a Penguin
Just found out 's favorite movies are American Pie, American Pie 2, American Wedding, and American Reunion
Dude Im so happy xDD
it is you just have to have a lisp
hell yea got more screens in my. Car then in my house smh
Playing a free solo show down 2nite with my good friend and local treasure Mike Giacolino. No cover, music at 9:30
Neva try n talk 2 a girl who works in retail while she's doin a price check!
“: follow back"” done
A2: And cloud computing in combination with well designed learning spaces (physical) is very powerful, collaboratively speaking
Or the Mets...but I'm going with ING. Last thing we need is the IRS being run by Mets ownership....
One of our many blessings seems to be low flying insect infestation. So even without screens we're okay. Allergies, OTOH
Time to #sprint! See you in 60min! Go! GO! GO!
Mobile is about providing info to consumer that 's relevant when they need: Flanagan
love to meet you at our happy hour with 4/10 6pm hotel. Open to men and women
“: Ur boy is giving away tix for 's #openbar show in #NYC. Yep I've got two pairs tonight in the 9 & 10 hrs!
im scared shitless for 3 of my classes:((
RT of you want summer to come faster!
UGH sorry x) well 2 of my bench guys are on the DL so
follow back?(:
yup can't forget Twitterland, ha this is how we discovered each other by mistake.. lol... like what I tweeted earlyer..
RT : Westfield Group agrees to sell a 45% stake in 11 U.S. shopping malls & one mall-development site.
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours. ~ Jerome K Jerome
Ugh so over drama.
have fun! it's beautiful on 23rd today RT : Ok heading downtown to 23rd see what trouble I can get in to
Frig, I think I broke something by installing WP to a subdirectory and redirecting it to my main domain.
Hahaha I want everything loaded
RT : U.S. Rep. Jim Moran says Washington Blvd bridge over Columbia Pike rates 2 on scale of 100 in terms of safety
Congrats. Is the company named SkyNet by chance?
Not watching baseball till the Washington Nationals are good IF that happens
I only sell drugs to pay for my rehab
Girls are like phones. We love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected.
Haha, I'll forgive you. After all, I was absent Friday lol..
My name is Jana, and I am addicted to brunching.
I'll be in Chicago tomorrow. You free for a bit in the afternoon? Lunch?
Breaking News - Subway Cookies Are Now Thinner Than iPhones... News at 11...
If it wasnt for shootusdown!!!!! I would be nowhere!!!!! Thanxx alex for making that youtube account!!!!! We love you!!!!!<333---mara(:
“I love to sail forbidden seas, and land on barbarous coasts.” ― Herman Melville
Hey everyone on twitter! Please stop by our page and give us a like. Facebook.com/Currentsfl
I remember when I first heard Matt Hunter and Austin Mahone's voice :') I no longer had ovaries.
Anyone know how much life insurance one should get?
locked out of my apt.
Hey Phil - you're looking a little orangish. Just think of it as a mini-blog.
Ha! That's a problem I NEVER have (with myself). Why so early?
Off to the hell-hole we call school. Yay, stupid teachers and prison food! My favorite!
#Primus tomorrow and 1/1 at the Great American Music Hall
haha I don't know about all that...but it's definitely iPod material.
Who's going to be the first to get a "10"? Next week? WOW!
Loving the #bearwatch2012. Glad it is #notinmybackyard though. :)
Yes! &I get to keep the dark brown one! :)
Need Some Night Night IQ Why I'm Chillin Ewwww Hahaha Damge Mode Shit.Its Problems Bitch Ass Hoe.
thank you! (:
Thank you!
see if anything strange is running... Then open your browser and see if anything strange pops up after that... Might help?
My hooks be coming out fye!
Exciting plans going on in the Chicago area for this weekend?
so many bands are coming out with new music very soon & have amazing merch bundles, I'm thinking "EVERYTHING'S BEAUTIFUL & NOTHING HURTS"
you da best!!!
But i do wanna see him win a ring.
When will do the dirtiest job in the country and work for the US #Government for a day?
Wait...ALL drinks here are $4??? Domestic drafts? Bottled imports? Shots? Mixed drinks?
you're the worst I love you
So I got a screen protector that's supposed to be the Lamborghini of screen protectors, but I want the mirror 1 so much cuter
no I won't im not on those meds anymore
you rootin on the BOYS and Jason = mighty cool!
What's wrong with selling a product requiring you come to only one source to get it again? Isn't that what drug dealers do?
Officially done mixing the new album!!! Its FIRE! ohh and we have a show this Friday! Preparate broder!
we need to get on that! Lol
Well, , at least you'll be able to say you had relevant training. Hehe.
You Gotta Stick It Out Nd Work It Out
Today I want to see you, brush your hair back out of your eyes because I can anyways b day present 4 tickets to hunger games opening night
Getting quoted by random strangers
Have to say this is the best idol talent usually I know who will be the top 4 by now, not this season should be good.
I usually tweet all night!
Awesome! #gobucksgo RT : Ready to take my daughter to her first game of the season! Hopefully she can see !
Not as easy as you might think to buy 70 white pillowcases on the UWS w/o spending a fortune.
is killin' it here in Madison!
I keep forgetting about the #FinalFour -- but it explains why there's not a damn thing to watch on TV. Alas.
Sleep easy. Sounds like you deserve it!
Sign painting and Sonic Youth type of morning in the studio.
Oh god... Still drunk. Buffalo Wild Wings.
. Awesome. Hope you guys can connect! cc:
I can live with the fact that the new version of Seesmic is ad-supported, but not the fact that it crashes on startup 90% of the time.
Thanks, Cheryl! :) RT : Happy Birthday Ms. Audrey! <3
I think people are underestimating the potential for fraud or bad behavior with crowdfunding
Rain on the roof woke me up, it's usually nice to hear but I'd rather sleep tonight. 😲💤
Nobody puts Dustin in the corner!
The movie theater in PG Plaza has a midnight showing of the Avengers.Hm....Anyone interested?
I wish twitter had a like button
just a few more hours to go ... phew
Sure, it was a beautiful day, really. :) We went hiking for a bit in Ocala National Forest on our way across the state.
You know thats my city! Live it up man maybe ill bump into on the streets.
Thanks! This is exciting, I can't way to see what selections u chose & looking fw to sharing w/ the kiddo.
Satyam (Reality) is that which exists permanently i.e. in the past, present and the future.
Thanks :D Trust me, I know about fun140 and its pissing me off. It's like the 2nd time in 3 months
All done for the day, time to go study
RT : RT : There is a difference between silent waiting and active listening.
Is this true?? I don't care, spread the word ": Liam Payne (From One Direction) has a morbid fear of spoons - koutaliaphobia.”
#BecauseOfObama I wanna be black too
rest up boy! you need a break from working so hard! <3
Jimmy's too well dressed to be an Indianapolis housewife!
i see your lips movin, but i don't hear nothin ;)
L'Enfant start your weekend right, having one of the most interesting Ficelles in DC. Stay hungry my friends!
haha, it's not ONLY tacos...but tacos make up roughly 70% of that number. Eating out for two meals a day every day gets expensive.
HARDEN .....need i say more
I think having Josh McDaniels back with the #Patriots will be good for offense and Brady. If Brandon Lloyd comes too, could be good!
Resting the old feet today what a great fun weekend. happy hour now till 9pm $2 Miller bottles, $1 PBR cans and $3 TALL rails. Cheers
The American diet is typically very acidic. Try to limit your intake of red meat and increase the amount of fruits/vegetables in your diet.
bookies still takin' money
Why not just play in the Alliant Energy Center like they did a few years ago?
And she is even happy with cheap one... score two me.
human centipede 2 is easily the worst movie ive ever watched
QoTD: "Failure is a far better teacher than success." (Unknown)
Power Cordz didn't work for me. Rear mech doesn't pull enough cable.
that's F'n funny!! #StealingIt!!
I just wanted to talk to you
#ILoveMyMomBecause she's such an amazing person who puts others before herself. No matter what I do she's always there for me. ♡
Let's go to Toronto!!!!
I'm calling it a night good night and god bless y'all
We concur. RT Be cool, shop local. It's up to us.
Don't miss our last Poochinis and Peticures of the year Thurs, 10/27 6-8pm! Donations will benefit the new Austin Animal Center....
This is where I draw the line. Fuck this. Goodnight.
I just looked out the window only to see that my neighbors have their Christmas tree up already. Are you kidding me?
Both optimists and pessimists contribute to our society. The optimist invents the airplane and the pessimist the parachute.
well its not fucking mine! So it must be yours. I've never brought food and i take my coffee cup home everyday. Thanks.
Maybe will find who is really going to be trade for Danny Califf, just a ot twitter rumors now
I hope people are more mature in college
on my grind what u been up to?
Makes sense. Still messing with my day. :-)
Another such victory over the Romans, and we are undone.
...that appreciates how awesome you are :) Hang in there!
Eugenics = messed up
TWEET TWEET TWEET TWEET TWEET. ~
show at Red Eyed Fly, 8:30 Saturday March 26th, Deserts of Mars CD Release
Good luck to everyone participating in the mini today! We are cheering for you! Stay hydrated and don't forget your sunscreen.
So true. “: Richardson is in motion...Weeden takes the snap...OH!!! Weeden is sacked!"
Porn-bots are so clever. RT: "9 out of 10 men prefer women with big tits"
Yeah, next time we'll pick a less haunted Denny's. LOL
please define "bad music"
#fridayreads I Just Hope It's Lethal -- a poetry anthology edited by Liz Rozenberg and Deena November. Very moving!
You have enough things to worry about. Printing, collating and binding your manuals and handbooks shouldn’t be included on your to-do list.
Just got the new Justin Bieber perfume called SOMEDAY! It smells amazing! I love you J.B!
Brick and mortars need qr codes as you walk in the door to their stores so smart phone users can instantly access their mobile sites or apps
#cocaine, selfish drug, / sacrifices the many for the one // oil, selfish drug, / sacrifices the future for the present
I wish the Heat would notice how many people are cheering for them, how much we want that championship title!
&harr; Very Cool Covert Camsticks Protect your Freedom RonPaul
Some chocolatiers offer bacon wrapped in chocolate
Omg, I just saw #Tim Tebow on Biggest Looser.
call me anal pun intended but love my #cottonelle emerg roll on the road
that is hi.la.ri.ous!
You guys are killing me. Maybe Allie can hand out helmets after the customers pays as a give back.
oomf talking dumb
What are your favorite country music duets? We have "Don't You Wanna Stay" from & #Kelly Clarkson coming up within the hour!
and thats why so much seems messed up in DC. best leaders often dont aim/intend to lead.
Looking for a #graphicdesign #job is it a possibility?
Pass me the tool, i aint goin out like no punk Kane....
My sister with a good idea: "If the #Crew96 don't win this, they need to start popping the collars on their jerseys."
no, pretty sure sweats are allowed at monster truck rallies. you should be a-ok.
Nothing says "I'm in a hurry" better than buying one roll of toilet paper from the drug store.
Success is built on small steps that aren't exciting...lack of commitment allows many to ignore the simple steps chasing after excitement!
Purdue is giving me heartburn!
Hey Now! Sharazi is in the house. Most beautifully custom designed gowns I've ever seen.
I hav to stay on my toes,i cant afford to get caught slippin bcuz the devil is lurkin and he not bout 2 drag me into no bullshit #I cant go
dude we getting chocolate wasted!
Okay, seriously, we have to go golfing this summer. And pray we don't get kicked out instantaneously. Ha.
Laying in bed with Colby Jack after Richie leaves for work 😊>>>>>>
Oh the old schuuule house. How I hav not missed thee.
you know it!
of course idol idol ko gid sila duwa yah.....i love them so so much.....
At the airport waiting to board my flight so ready to see my mom!
Vigil was to mark anniversary of MLK's death, same day as vote. MLK famously said public transit is a civil rights issue.
I would like go to my city....
Carrerra Thanks for the follow!
What sets leaders apart from followers is things happen to followers and leaders make things happen.
Nicki had a good emmy perf. But this is the grammys its about music n that sucked! Sad cause shes actually talented as hell. Followin in ...
wait is you coming
RT : Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.--> so true!
#SomePeopleDont understand that being homophobic is being scared of being gay themselfs :-D
Shout out to Chief Keef and Kanye cause I can name plenty of things in this world that 'I don't like.'
dude, make chatter on Weds AM and I'll totally hit Donner for
Like ghost hunting shit?! RT If you're down to hit up some scary places tell me :)”
Starting Breaking Dawn this weekend. Am simultaneously annoyed by Bella and sucked in by the plot and the hype.
Im pooping myself this pll is intense
u can barely contain ur excitement lol
Gotta work on taxes this weekend. Yikes
You think I like her and she thinks I like you.
"Wasp" by Crazy Town
I don't always wear a hat, but when u do it is pointy.
d rhetoric is certainly getting way nastier.. what is wrong with DC Council?
Hey friends - my Facebook biz page finally got Timeline. What do you think? I love the Etsy Shop app. <3
#2012 promises to be another promising year for as we extend our support to at the
Taylor Green or Aoki who would you rather have in the lineup every day?
Mike, you favorited our tweet! thanks ;)
Did anyone wake up and run the ? Kudos to you warriors, but my beer intake last eve has thwarted me again
And I don't like that exhausted=part of being a teacher.I fall asleep reading to my son, then wake to grade till 1.
hey lets work!
Dear Zara on Newbury St. your staff rly needs to learn the products your selling everyone go see my friends in Natick instead!!!
how do you like it?
#twittertools Twellow: This tool helps to “cut through the clutter” to find other Twitter users in a specific industry using this service.
Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to wearing small green costumes.
Someone tweet mee (:
Something's are better forgotten. No need for complications hmm?
RT The first 5 min of the 2nd half is huge.
mbromley: turned off device updates due to $$, couldn't get my GPRS enabled phone to get to #sla2009 retweeting website
WE <3 Redrock Micro and ! Thanks for your continued amazing support of our little movie!
Looking to try something new? RT : Stop in to try our newest beer, SUB ZERO MUNICH HELLES!!
congrats! i'm so happy for you guys :')
Thanks for the RT of my article Evelyn. I hoped it would make an impact.
“: There is nothing like trying to call in a score correction to the sports desk wdrunk Celtics fans screaming earning ur pay
Uw simpson center rocks again as host for now urbanism. Visualizing urban histories..here we come!
Bucks game tonight. My fourth one this season. Thanks for the two free tix.
Live To Give Week 5 - Buy A Stranger Something at Random - www.LivenAndGiven.com This is Brian Zim.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Salon Update: Try our Sunday's Best Package ( press/wash & style, steambrow grooming $50) available on Sundays only with Audrey
Make certain youo choose a trainer with accredited qualifications, and who is adamant about proper form.
Ok best friend! Sweet dreams! #ILOVEYOUFOREVER!! <333
BRRRRR. I don't like when I'm inside under the covers and I still have to say that. ;_;
What makes you sexy?
And, in the inevitable DiMasi Trial movie, who would play who?
This 20-hr/wk sample content calendar is making me sad and envious. Happy to have a 1-hr version, though!
yes it is
bias was a beast. Would have loved to see what he could have done with that already stacked Celtic team
Spending my new years alone yay!
i fail chem : /
Wyo This Weekend? :)
Shot hoops, ate doritos tacos, watched the #Lakers take the series against denver..
In case anyone else doesn't know Vidal Sassoon is the name of the founder and he passed away. ack. Apologies for the bad joke. >.<
I don't think you're remembering clearly!
Going to school tomorrow, I don't care. I'm making it through the day. I have too.
so is fruit ninja
Just had some great emotion connections to the movie #TheHungerGames!
When I was a kid I asked my parents for a camera for my birthday and all I got was a PONY.
yes it is!
Good job, Sarah! I wish I was there to tickle you to celebrate!
You're on tonight?! We must party.
Can't wait till Easter to Eat:)
Cliff jumping in the a.m. Good night world <3
Full Stewart Brand quote reveals: Information doesn't just want to be free, it also wants to be expensive. See: library budgets.
I love how my parents scream at me for just asking a simple question.
Oh you know getting drunk with my family
I'll Never Forget the day followed me <3
We've got ALL kinds here. Jesus will be coming very soon for her if she stays on that highway!!
syb, you're on record for saying you did not think it would be good.
How can I help you ? Just helped someone else get a job. #itjobs, #software,#dev,#tech,#kernel,#OS,#virtualization,
There are three sides to an argument, your side, my side, and the right side
I'm guessing that the only "football person" even loosely affiliated with the Packers that the Bears will be able to talk to is Ray Rhodes.
So glad work is over! Now to the gym #GrindTime!
Cool. We'll be in touch soon re: pre-institute course discourse :)
please let me know if you have any questions on FeedForAll!
That awkward moment when something costs $2 and one of the those dollars is rolled up from the night before
did such a great job, such an incredible woman and a beautiful story.
RT : "He who plants kindness gathers love." ~Saint Basil
that's me (: haha. May I have a follow back? (:
Let the day begin! In the Green Room I go! Thank U GOD 4 another 1!
Like Wayne said, i'm deeper than space
Do you have a "Kids Eat Free" day/night at your restaurants?
Bullshit!!!!!! Stupid Refs!!!
what? Unacceptable.
Periodontal disease in dogs can cause teeth to loosen due to infection and can even fall out.
It's a gorgeous day in the Bay!
they do
Did you know our springless trampolines do not have any springs or steel frame on the jumping surface? Feel safe about your kids jumping!
ohh ok i thought you were speakin about somethin else
lol from deep down inside
"Just like Danny Devito, URLs should be short, relevant, and easy to remember." - #SEOsecrets cc:
This friday at the proud one!!!! Celebrating all pisces..swanky drinks..dancing and pecial dessert!!! Live blues band...dancing galore!
#NerdAlert - these #Lithy awards make me teary-eyed! We love helping you help your customers!
Better not be
Just when I thought shooting was over for my music video, my producer decides to shoot more tonight...I need me a 4 hr energy ASAP!!!
it was awesome! One of the best shows. Everyone hung out a lot too which was fun!
Done with work early! Now heading to an audition.
#newyearsresolutions: put a bird on it!
Black Friday?blacklist? New music? Black tactic!!!
AMEN to that.
in the house
The "Let's Be Animals" tour with , and is on the road NOW!
Is there something more to life? Is there someone out there who knows how to explain it? I really want you to be there at my side loving me
#BBN. Rise to the occasion that is domination of the basketball nation!
I can't believe UW didn't make the tournament. Sad panda, er, husky.
Hopefully tomorrow will make things better...
Business and Finances: Immediate Interview - Share Point ...
At the drinking coffee!
Are you a "Citizen Influencer?" You'll have to read ROI by Mark W Schaefer to find out.
Why can't every fanbase just get along? Mahomie, Belieber, Angle, WHATEVER! you support YOUR idol just like everyone else. Stop hating.
Watch out Vegas! ♥
Been in the sun for 3 hours, already burnt.
A smiling face is half the meal. Latvian Proverb
That awesome moment when you catch someone in a lie.
They have NEWT and that idiot squirrel, forgot his name country singer.
Truth is: I Think is my best friend, it's the only person that I tell everything I feel & think.. Thanks
#CRONS probably had the best shooting night they have had in a long time, got the W against a good team, missed and
LMAOOO! Try to cough a little bit too LOL!!!
Future ft R Kelly - Parachute....
Conflict cannot survive without your participation. -Wayne Dyer
GOP primary in FL has revealed that a large number of older voters and many likely Republican Voters are opposed to Social Security cuts!
Holy shit a "donzen" that's a big ass number.
Mitchell from swamp people died #
dont follow me then
Now if i was talkin bout gettin Head from these twitter hoes itll WW3 ... But its cool to ask niggas on twitter to eat your ass?
DANG GONE IT! IM STILL WANTING ON MY BOOTS! SURE COULD HAVE ROCKED'EM TODAY!
Hope everything's ok. Times like these are pretty scary.
RT "Motivation is the energy that drives the explorer 2 discover, the visionary 2 dream, the entrepreneur 2 create"Harry Palmer
Forgot to take the pill?
Each day is an opportunity to travel back into tomorrow’s past and change it. – Robert Brault
I think the Marlins stadium has that much green-screen green in it so they can CGI in fans midseason if they keep sucking this bad.
First draft of my first interpretive sign finished. Sign writing is hard!
im soo damn tired
14 and def comes from God!!! but I did just recently start with a voice teacher this year I want to go all the way with singing!!!
you grew up in Ohio, Yankee.
Off to a dance floor full of task force peeps
oh no question
I hoped tiny elves were making the knocking sound in my computer this morning. No such luck--it was the last gasp of a dying hard drive.
interesting or not he waited for Jeb to endorse first. Follow the leader?
This was a great book! Luv to cook her recipes too! I'm rather jealous reading all your tweets!
WB, can you advise on how we can make our Conservative representatives more education friendly?
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter! Nick Dillon, Shanah Delacy, and Josephine Jackson! Welcome to the NBMBAA family!
It is a self expression us Texans says, it all good. LOL
Hannah Höch, Barbara Kruger, Cindy Sherman! RT It's International Women's Day! Who are your favorite female artists?
Haha I know who you are, wouldn't miss it :D
Hear, hear. RT : Good to have you back Nick.
On another note, someone in this gym restroom smells like mothballs. Mothballs are not the answer. There are other options for pest control.
“: Get save then get drunk lol” I'm already save..lol
Actors and entertainment pros who take advantage of social networking can create buzz for themselves. Soon to replace agents.
i know i cant wait 4 the concert oh & i finally got a tumblr so u should send me a dm w/a link to ur tumblr so i can follow u
Happy B-day to my cousin Tracy!
happy new yeeeaaarr :D
Seeking #VMWare Adminstrator for a large enterprise organization. Experience with VMWare ESX. Email your resume to .
Matt Groening finally reveals Springfield&#39;s home state on &#39;The Simpsons&#39;
Wow, you're a real bitch. Just seriously.
Now watching glee
There are those who provide content & those who make a life of moving, managing & dissecting other ppls content. Choose wisely.
thanks for joining us!!!!!
A new life is possible only when one commits fully to their new convictions.
Excited for launch of ! More and more Minnesotans are learning why #photoID is so controversial. Let's defeat this thing!
It's sad that I have 14 alarms for in the mornings... I'm such a heavy sleeper
if y'all are looking for my voice this evening you can check it out - I'll be LIVE tweeting for #DFA using #DFASOTU12 Check it!
meeting up for lunch with some lovely ladies and good sewing and quilting friends i haven't seen in ages in Boulder at Brasserie 1010!
That's love #Scandal I'm not saying it right but calling it like it is.
I'm listening to Hopsin and my sister is convinced it's Eminem. Hahaah.
Q2: Yes, I think it can work both ways: helps the younger child understand and it comforts the adult with Alzheimer's
& You two are the funniest and hottest people that have walked this earth;D
Good night loves! :))
Good Luck in the Tahoe Celebrity Golf Tournament!
Rick Santorum is a prickly, single-celled organism who involuntarily absorbs the DNA of roadkill.
$1.28 for lunch for me and 3 kids. Gotta love the #chickfila calendars during a daddy staycation.
::Hug:: RT : Thank You for #HAWMC I hope you know how much I appreciate the WEGO team!
Trying to take a nap but there are 2 cats boning outside my window. Yes I'm talking about real felines here and no, I'm not kidding.
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 53F FAIR
Wondering what the effect of all the electronics in new cars will have on the auto repair industry in 5-10 years
its really really bad.
not only did I lol - I snorted! ha RT : Achilles is trending on Twitter. Is he one of the characters in the new Avengers movie?
I feel lazier than the guy who created the Japanese flag.
22-A-B: David Franklin; HRevolution; Comcast
Jason Terry will be a Free Agent to
so cool
Scared of dress code... Hope I don't get in trouble..
Overwrought faux-orchestral bullshit from people who think they are operating in Freddie Mercury tradition, but are not.
It sucks when I wanna takk to someone and everyone I know I don't trust
Just left Magazine Street.... even in the rain, its as beautiful as ever. Hope they line the street with Banners for Saints Season ;)
YUP IMMA WISH FOR THAT ON MY BIRTHDAY MAY 25 all daii cant wait Im so random where did I come from with my bday
But even if it was improved down the line, there still would be no keywords available for search.
I am happy you guys will be together! I know how hard and lonely it is, trust me!
you got it. Thanks alot
I wonder how much the kardashians spend on their make up alone?
Ha! // MT : Sometimes when I yell, "Nixon, quit it!" at my cat, I pretend I'm yelling across space and time at the actual Nixon.
things like this make our day! thank you so so much! :)
you were right bro.....
Life is like a roller coaster. It has its ups and downs, but it's your choice to scream or enjoy the ride."
The economic crisis is affecting so many of us in so many negative ways. The acting CFO of Freddie Mac has committed suicide. So sad.
Must be in the borough of Brent.
Finally found 's officially real twitter handle! Must.....follow!!
RT Midnight breakfast without bacon? Or JJ?!? I CALL SHENANIGANS!!!!!!!!
Train works well. Only my second year to Charleston, but found it useful last year.
Same here P! U shud chk out the thas one of ur Nations not to mention
I guess we're going to Old Town tomorrow! Gonna find those motherfucking gingerbread houses like a ninja. :)
IS THIS DEVOTION ENOUGH!!!!!!!! xD sorry everyone
#4G4 and #tbcfashionweek ready to celebrate with fellow Directors
Softly hearing Brass Monkey spill from 's office.
Thanks friend - it was magnificent!
Mentor's choice night on #FashionStar on NBC...no didn't hack my account, I'm just a sharp dressed man ok!
NUMBER 2 FAVORITED OF THE DAY !!!!!
this weather is crazy.
looking for suggestions on locations to hold fundraisers. Your idea counts! Thank you
Return of the pirates on the history channels onDemand. Awesome
Can you support me guys?♥Some peoples laugh at me because my skin color and they reject me !,Support me<3
i am a miz and i love him alot
Rainy Day on Miami Beach...perfect day for a Hair Party!
Happy 4th bday to my princess
but, don't worry babe. Like my parent here. He's can handle me
*not thinking about it*
Just keep shootin'. Trust me. I take a lot of bad pictures to get a few good ones.
DOLPHINS FANS BRACE FOR IMPACT
Gave an awesome wise guy 86 year old WWII vet a musuem tour today. "Where are all the bathrooms? Did any old ppl stay here?
damn auto I ment to say live not love
Great day yesterday for a round of golf.Tomorrow I face the doom & gloom of Kodak
Ah HA! FALSIFIED!
#OOmf don't know how to cook popcorn -___-
congrats Matt Trojan fam loves you
Rest in peace Ron Shock.
This head has bones in it. its was nasty. i was like what is this. he said cheek. im like wahhhh
grab me some food dog I'll pay you
*beautiful voice~
Now that the draft and bounty suspensions have passed, can the #NFL please go away for the next month or 2?
ohh how i miss talking to (:
I recommend 21 Jump Street! Very funny and isn't a remake of the show. Plus Channing Tatum is pretty to look at.
Let's try 12. Split that day right in half! :) Thoughts on where to go?
I get to see my niece's newborn daughter Sophie tonight. Does that mean she's a great niece?
- I think it seems like a justified biz expense - start packing!
And plus, he doesn't do wrestling, but I think he'd enjoy
About to board the plane, first to Paris, then on to Bucharest. Here we go!
...I hav xtra slaps for you!
Lmfao some old man just honked at me and started jammin out and bobbed his head Lmfao
Nope get outta my room with that shit
#ICantStandPeople who touch MY food
Back in NYC and grinding...and got to hit the gym...
ever since I can remember probably twenty years now
Sister Mary Lauretta~ To be successful the first thing to do is to fall in love with your work.
Nothing like a coincidental anti Obama tweet to make you look like a racist homophobic bigot!
watched Never Say Never for like the bajillionth time yesterday. That movie will never get old xD and i just said never.
My bedroom walls do no have Tumors!
Thanks for sharing this!
My mom, telling stories about her college days: "I get confused between my two Master's."
The open in new tab vs. open in new window swap on the new firefox has caught me at least 1000 times today. Slow learner.
"Tiger Woods and this place and this tournament get along like Don Draper and Nicorette." - Gene Wojciechowski
RT : Won't happen, it's simple mathematics.
On this day in 1998, Titanic became the first movie in North America to earn more than $600 million.
Hearing through the grapevine that the missing MGC furniture may be at a certain house on Harrison...tisk tisk.
haha yea! Man I never get tweeted anymore :(
#Piouscelebrity Quote: I'm king of the world! Now get off of my New Zealand Ranch, you blue fackers!
Ambrose is who I'm going with.
see the sceen unfold before you and im no tsure if its at me that you smiled at :D <3 Stand Forever
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 58F FAIR
hey can you follow me?? (: and chat me what the thing was because the link isnt working.
why thank you :)...we'd like to think so
Former Badger WR Nick Toon to Saints at 122. Just the Saints 2nd pick in the entire draft.
Fake niggas plotting on me, real niggas mobbin for me - Prince James
She takes people places! Makes sense! She needs cotton candy pink furry seat covers and bejeweled rims.
What is all this moon talk about? Reminds me of Moon Pies. m! Those are yummy
I'm the Night Elf Mohawk! Nah! It's from Mr. T's WoW commercial.
Celeb Trendspotting: Their Own Jewelry Lines
TOO MUCH! GIVE ME A CENTER!!!
"A ring doesn't plug a hole"
You're pregnant and in the 7th grade? I bet your parents are proud.
Salt-N-Pepa playing halftime of Pistons final home game - vs. Sixers on Saturday, April 26th
Its hot as hell outside
Went from NUNEZ!!!! to WTF NUNEZ quick! lol
You're speakin' my language. Meow! RT you know what they say about a guy with big cartoons
This is a test... Will anyone pass
something is telling me that its going to be pretty fun to watch brady and rodgers throw it all over the yard in a few weeks!
Maybe if he flopped he would get calls, but he is above that. I am sick if flopping being rewarded.
Christian...You Are My Role Model. Follow me Please
Or do you not think so far ahead? Ahead Cause I been thinkin bout forever Oh
nothings wrong.. just as long as you know that someday.. someday somehow im gonna make it alright but not right now
i want to go so bad! Im trying to convince my parents to drive me from texas!
Likes the old myspace better.......
Holy shit G.I. Joe looks so badass
gloomy weather here, but going for a run to make it better!
haha! Probably not necessary.
Did You Know: "Sexy Sadie" was originally titled "Maharishi" John Lennon wrote this about the Maharishi while he was leaving India in 19
Some really nice Pinot Noirs below $20. are MacMurray, Castle Rock, A-Z and Joseph Drouhin, lots more but these pretty consistent.
Congratulations and THANK YOU to Anne Johnson for 1 year of dedication and service to UMKC libraries!
Work time
love and their music!
Congratulations to everyone who received Certificates of Achievement at the Rocky Mountain Aphalt Conference in Fort Collins.
Sportscenter commercial starring the milkman?
maybe it would be better if you would stop calling us bitches
Some of the larger academies provide training courses for instructors also
love my boyfriend too much, with & & !<3333
Second and final, thankfully.
Next week's CLO Breakfast Club in NYC is sold out! Look forward to seeing all 100+ friendly faces on Thursday!!!
Heading to wonderful mercy church. I am stoked as they are big enoch magazine supporters
tell me about it!!!
You're welcome!
Many props to #g1440 for hosting #baltimoreparlay tonight!
Anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone special to catch your heart. ~Author Unknown
me too, i be like damn wtf you want now
RT : RT : The greatest enemy of man is himself.
#mla12 #s442 New Media, New Pedagogies - I'm sitting at the Twitter table, so I'd better earn my keep.
liked your post - I have had grads who think HR is Sexy & some chg to HR from other disciplines #likedwhattheysaw in class
I'm bursting with Mexican food. But I'm curious to see how he does. My hopes aren't too high.
RT : ": Collins: luck happens a lot, good and bad. Greatness hangs on what is done w it. #JimCollins #WPOConf2012"
Hungry... Ain't had a da* thang all day:(
You're not a fool for being fooled, only if you accept it.
Eric Nassau is hitting the stage....
Looking forward to the #BostonMarathon tomorrow! We're sure the runners could use some refreshing cocktails to cool down after the race..
So what, I'm following you but you're not reciprocating? LOL I mean, it's cool maybe, but you gotta explain it to me.
There are two sides to every argument, but I don't have time to listen to yours
spending all day baking #glutenfree banana bread and pesto before tonight!!
Beasties all weekend long
WOULD LIKE TO SAY WE ARE PROUD MANAGERS OF GREAT KIDS wORKING HARD.
This year I decided to be and imagine whilst I am.
