At the Lakers game. We about to get this started.
Nice eclipse shot!
If you are a rubyist (or want to learn!), the Reno.rb monthly meetup is tonight at ! /cc
RT You can use that #terribletowel to wipe away your tears.
are u feeling better?(:
#sljsummit10 Check out book by Kuhlthau, Maniotes and Caspari "Guided Inquiry" key resource for developing inquiry in schools
Woke up at 2am panicing because I thought I was late for work. I didnt realize it was 2am until I walked outside....
Add a little variety to your lunch with our Variety Roller! Turkey, spinach, sundried tomatoes, red onions, avocado & mozzarella cheese! htt
MT : Ig Nobel guru will close out my spring writing class at Hopkins this Tuesday, & we'll have a 24/7 contest.
Just gave a direction.YOU did the work! RT Great meeting today @ SouthCom THX to Big things coming for in 2012 ;D
Why not?
that's what happens when you grow up in
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done.-Louis D. Brandeis
At the end of the day ur on my mind
Me too! See you there.
I love talking about nothing, father. It is the only thing I know anything about.
The whiteboy that sits in this very jaccuzzi >>>>>>>>>>>>  my god
Right, it doesn't mean anything unless you can still score the ball efficiently, which Shaq did.
AFF now has #evidence that Transitions Framework supports #mental health of foster youth.
happy birthday Caroline!
TWEET ME! Whats your favorite drink? Dr. pepper, pepsi, Coke, Mountain Dew(:
RT : WE NEED YOUR HELP. Tweet and tell them you wanna see on tour with them in May. do it!!!
Eh, not too much. I've been on a Sara Shepard kick and reading all of her books lately. The Lying Game is so good!
At the Copper Tank for the Art Institute fashion show. Totally blown away by their talent!!
Did Tiago Splitter just airball two consecutive free throws?!?
That nigga said he like wolf pussy not bald pussy and I was like well dueces bcuz I ain't no wolf bitch so hav fun on the next full moon
doing laps around the office
I've followed people from it. I don't have time to check out everyone someone follows and sometimes they're cool
how did Blake's knee feel after practice?
HAPPY FRIDAY! Short week makes for a very happy Friday. Come on in and stock up for the weekend.
how are things
Why do you say that?
my bestfran isn't at school D:
Hi Paul, Any interest in supporting our charity photojournalism auction at Christie's?
BRB KENTUCKY DERBY TODAY.
Pip!! I missed his voice and bow tie ;)
Gave up candy 4 Lent. In a moment of absent-mindedness, accepted Skittles Riddles from KSTP floor crew. 4 pieces blew my perfect record.
Re: CNN Anonymous special, the editing marks an important shift for producers afraid of the lack of visuals for stories about hacking.
oh yeah , whatever . If u don't believe its coo , Idc
AM in OKC for , PM in Wichita KS for IBM. Lots of driving today.
you're a cheeky fellow yourself. Your hate speech today is in a roll. Warren, Obama, Degeneres! R U sure you're Christian?
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel is now resuming to review app #130016 Footlite Musicals.
your right! RT : Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. John F. Kennedy
"to prove to dad I'm not a fool... back to skool"
Lord, thank you for blessing me with a beautiful mother who was the epitome of class.She taught me to be a lady & to always put God first!
Practicing the #Piano. I wish i could learn faster. Or at least have a teacher now :/
The way people are talking, they're giving up. I wish they would. They give real Pens fans a terrible name. Good riddance.
Thanks love! RT @ PetChamber & : Lovely weekend!! woof...
ya mova ugly
We're that old.
best tweet ever.
Neurobiology of the Arts: hypergraphia from Fascinating.
Thanks so much!!
We are happy you are staying too. Feel sad about though
Delicious margaritas, those were.
My New show "The Rock" Wed at 10PM EST..
RAW is SAD & SAD is RAW (except for Paul Heyman) haha. Night, Amiga :) See ya again soon.
#ThatOnePersonWho rats u out to ur parents
And you already trying to find out where i stay
Vehicles are single biggest pollution maker, trucks being the most of that. Cleaner/less shipping is key in change.
Woohoooo! I've now racked up $6000 worth of Wal-Mart gift cards AND a free iPad! These texts are just great! -__-
see, that's why you gotta stretch! Haha its hard to get the length whore gets xD
(Rich) The Zoom H4n came in while I was travelling. Can't wait to use it in investigations! Have to try the Cubase LE4 software with it...
. If divided his wealth you wouldn't be a penny richer. If Bill Gates did, you'd gain $7.
is researching.
Thanks for the follow!
hey at least you have one...I'm all out!
Dear Repubs, don't pay $50 to take a picture with Newt Gingrich. You can take pictures with the Hamburgler at McDonald's for free.
Putting too much time into the wrong people is like putting money in a closed bank.
santorum is spread all over northern and western michigan right now; but he still might come out on bottom.
wow jaden looks so much older!
There are two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle - Albert Einste…
Dropping it off at the post office today
If you have nothing else to do, look about you and see if there isn?t something close at hand that you can improve! It may make you wealt...
I think I like Ricky Martin even better now. ;)
box office open now! call n to get tixs to see 916-925-5500 is the # RT
This girl is NUTS!
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
Y'all going to see #Puscifer ?
Nothing on East Germany? Currency manipulation by COMECON? So naive.
Looking for a way to donate to charity without costing you anything? Download our new Chicago-based app, , to do just that!
Brandon Banks is useless. Probably the worst player in the NFL.
Can we really say that every person makes the world a better place? Yes. Some do it by living a good life. Some do it by dying.
Floyd Mayweather is a punk, cheap shot and afraid of Manny
So mad. Went to the library and they didn't have book :( waaah. #DamnIndiana the librarian needs some gTTTTTTTTl bad!
says he belongs to 3 traditions: America, India, Islam and all have pluralism at their core.
You Are SO Awesome No Lie
Admission: I write longhand and then transfer chunks of text to the computer. Computer is where I edit/rearrange/rethink.
M&A Tip of the Day- If you acquired a biz and it lost money and you're selling for less, you don't have to worry about capital gains taxes.
With C-Young on DL, and Upton out, Kubel has to start producing -- and he's 2-for-2 with RBI today.
It's nights like this that I wish I owned a guitar. And knew how to play guitar...
you think Wisconsin will have the same problem w/ Syracuse?
YES. HE WAS IN THE CITY FRIDAY
Love 's new hair. Seriously: I'd buy any audiobook she asked me to.
PAN is a globally autonomous world movement initiated by José Argüelles/Valum Votan along with the World Thirteen Moon Calend Change Peace.
Dear conservators: just because I often call you control freaks and want to strangle you doesn't mean I don't love & respect you. <3
Boys are cheats and liars, They’re such a big disgrace, They will tell you anything To get to second base-
Running errands with my momma!
Happy Wedding Wednesday to all my fellow wedding pals! What's on tap for today?
Back in atx after being in boston and pittsburgh areas
thats funny cause I was wishing she would have swallowed you
"There is no marketing cure for sucking."
2nd period underway(:
What, no laser steaks?
Oohh, it's going to be a super busy week!
TNAondemand is so worth it, I have enjoyed it a lot
The Chocolate Festival & Spring Sweets on 2nd Street begins at 1pm. Come "pre-party" at LBMA. We have desserts & great art!
This Sunday Paul Cummings and the Crossroads Project will make their first appearance at the Pelican Nest. Starts at 5pm!!!
Late night cocoa puffs with Nellers and Nikki yay
had the wackiest dreams last night. whatevsssss i swear if someone pushes my buttons today.....good god. ill snap. crackle..pop.
may the fourth be with you? I don't know..haha I love babysitting these kids
Noticed Santorum didn't have that ash on his forehead during that #CNN debate.
I don't trust anyone who's in love with money.
RT Celebration time at C+S! We've been awarded 2 Silver Anvils for community relations and issue mgmt through
Heh. I missed my session & got hungry so now I'm trying out Mongolian BBQ. Wish me luck! #tooclosetoACCtobeanygood?
It gives me pleasure to ignore ppl I don't like when I see them out in public. This happened to me twice today. It's been a pretty good day.
oh, did he ask you out to go on that date?
It's 11:11! MAKE A WISH! ♥
Sarai looks at me with disdain every time she catches me watching #BasketballWives . (._. )
Attn Columbus, Dublin, Worthington, Upper Arlington, Hilliard, Powell, Westerville, Pickerington, Grandview & Grove City: We have Volleyball
check out Circles and Lines composer Noam Faingold's rock orchestra playing at Cafe Orwell on May 22nd in Brooklyn at 9 pm.
we need to get together!
that's very Zen of you.
Slumlors Studios Hoping to get my music on major TV networks with Tinderbox Music! Post on their wall to request Big Moose Da Pro.
Trust no MAN . Fear no BiTCH .
I came to California mostly for , but also for In n Out.
Okay, but I said speakers not sneakers. Happy New Year!
Back to our regularly sheduled program...MacharoMusic
enjoy your stay! Thank you for choosing Hotel Metro!
Everyone turns into the person they swore they'd never be
ECSTASY OF ORDER: THE TETRIS MASTERS -- a fine documentary that profiles the top NES Tetris players. Cool characters and gameplay revealed.
Follow me and I'll follow you back <3
Sweat It Out IS SUCH A GOOD SONG along with every other breathe carolina song<3
I'm messaging him too ( :
You greatly deserve it!
Hey Jerry! Thanks for the retweet!
In summation: if/when Madonna disappears there'll be world peace, Clint Eastwood=BAMF, Coke>Pepsi & Ferris Bueller made CRVs cool for a sec
YES!!! DADT is dead
Happy Weekend folks...
RT : Dear Apple media relations: not responding at all to press inquiries just isn't cool.
An reader offered to lend me a dress for an event tomorrow. It's official. Not all commenters are evil!
I'm not asking for much. Just keep it real with me
Sending our thoughts and prayers to Adam's family, RIP BEASTIE BOYS Main Man. We'll miss you, but always have the joy of your music.
u fancy huh!
no that doesn't count... I really was wondering and what people drink.
Missed #yoga @ #exhaleAtlanta and couldn't get in for massage. Oh well, I have my #CoreFusion #EnergyFlowYoga DVD w/ & Lis to do!
Excited to have and here at the
Monday at 3 works. Let's make it happen. TBA location.
Tell all your friends to follow me. I'm a swell guy..
do you ever tweet about things you like?
Okay. Be that way.
sounds like my type of woman,lol, check the hot new song out @ myspace.com/legyndmuzik its dedicated to you n all ur gf
in my new apt i got free cable n i still havent hooked my tv up been here for a whole week now
had so much fun yesturday at the bully screening great movie it is inspirational :)
Sunday lovely no work at all today time for family love it
Little set backs today with Hailey Anne. It was major surgery.
what up folks?
Smiles and good morning from Philadelphia !
that was my cousin playing on my phone sorry
Planning a visit? Remember to check our holiday hours. #UCR ARTSblock will be closed Dec 25 and Jan 1.
Whitney's hauntin' me. Can't get the lyrics of "Wanna Dance with Somebody" out of my head. So when the night falls/My lonely heart calls...
cant wait for the Tailgate Tuesday -- 7/6 - 6 pm - Dan McGuiness Demonbreun! A new song is up on myspace.com/tailgatesouth! Check it out!
Newt Gingrich has been waging a #waronmarriage for decades. Ask his wives.
I LIVE for so happy #JKB is back!!!!!!!
his sound is "marketable", i.e.- for the reason(s) you mentioned in the article. i think that's it in a nutshell.
hey have you heard of yet?
Newt's secret service agent - watch out for that blonde woman. she is trouble. why? coz Newt might marry him
"They don't want to take a timeout now." - the best work of Chris Webber as a basketball analyst
It'll be PDF first, then ePub, then paper. pre-order soon. Signed, yes. Killer unicorns: optional
no, I need the pic. My buddy thinks they showed it on a manual sign, I said they only show era on video boards. Thanks though
It's getting kinda cold outside... 2 more hours
you beautiful ma idc wat dey say bout you
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
but yet LA is shitty... Wish Vegas was closer.
I shed a couple tears when saying goodbye to - then noticed I had #glitter under my eyes. What? I have glitter tears?
#inhighschool I used to pay this girl copper 30 bucks to write all my english essays, McDonalds had me throwing money lol
How long 'til your first Mine Eyes Have Seen the Glory tweet from the White House?
the 2011 Red Sox might not be who we thought they were.
Sometimes the total lack of ethics and responsibility that some folks take in their pursuit of stardom just blows my mind!
i see the lakers are lookin tough...
i love you so much <3 :')
the next talk will be Dec. 9 - top secret speaker but we'll announce it next week. Watch for news!
Cool profile pic of you smoking a cigarette. Hope you enjoy that bladder cancer!
Happy #BeyondThunderdomeWednesday! Let's talk about THUNDDDERDOME!
I just don't like the teacher. Love the class
The cost is your soul.
oh okay i thought it was just me
#cnnnye Happy New Year's from WI...be with you soon 2012!
I need a black belt to go with my new black boots
You are a wonderful human being
This just in: Brooklyn repossess Dodgers.
Yes, but the yucky weather makes you appreciate nice weather even more!
Thanks for letting us to provide the answer to your craving! RT : my pizza craving is about to be satiated at #monicals!
2 Weeks Of Skool Left Im Cant Wait I hate Skool With a Passion
So this is what writers' block feels like. I'm not a fan
Costumes, creativity, and curiosity encouraged! Kids of all ages welcome!
im halfway done with the semester which will make me over halfway done! if that makes sense...
You said it, brother. Hell of a game from Rondo tonight, though. Go #Celtics!
This is why I limit my clients to just below "OMG I am busy" so I can go do stuff. I am actually working on something now...
#MajorTurnoffWhen guys dont treat girls right.
Fraser says money for husky endowment and pride fund can come from students
im drunk and high at the same time, drinking champagne on the airplane
want u back
the more consistent you are with your workouts, the less intense your sessions have to be
You know, it's funny how persistent the "ei" "ie" issue can be. We all know it's, "I before E except after C," but UGH!
its official for the 19th so get ur crew together and let us know! Open bar from 10-12a and discounts on bottles.
A typical wikipedia editor is a grad student from STM fields -sue gardner
Love watching Justin perform boyfriend <3
is my idol I love her!!! Oh and it's jersday but no jersey shore wtf!!!!!
Just reduced my At&t bill by $150 using my charm and the most complicated math the person on the other line has ever done, subtraction.
It appears your account may have been hacked. Are you sending messages with links today?
Whoa kassemG just went in a totally different direction there.
Have a HAPPY MOTHER's DAY everyone!!!~BAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER Becoming a Legend because my mother said so~BAMM...
Smokin trees til my head right 🍃🍂💨
It's like the Internet is over. That GIF just won the Internets.
you did what? From where?
Funny how someone can completely insult you without realizing it.
And...we're off!
Neat folks doing exciting things!
Ready for the rest of my weekend with ! I let you go huntin frogs, so now we get to do what I want! 👍❤
he is fine as hell and smart!!!!!
Brain fry. Going to read Ash, a retelling for Cinderella. I did watch Ever After the other day so it's fitting.
That's was up. I think its a good move
seeing that won't tweet me tonight...goodnight</3
it's cool it's cool
I awoke this morning with the song "S Club Party" stuck in my head. I have no clue why.
my tea smells like cake.
Sorry I didn't see this before! It's May 19th, at O'connells! Follow for details!
#Love,laugh,love. Life rules! I want to live forever.
i think Jeff Maker would be proud... nervous about wearing my jersey at school though. i don't trust these people :-/
It is up to each of us to restore meaning. Doctors cannot do it for us with medicine; friends cannot do it for us with solace and comfort.
No prob! Keep us in the loop if you make any more books and or videos!
When you have 2 more days worth of content to write and you can't think of anything else to say...
American Gangster is one of my favorite real life movies right up there with lords of dogtown and scarface
I'm a very descriptive person, but everything on Twitter is 140 characters or 160. It's not letting be be myself... Hahaaa.
your boyfriend peed on my bed!!! I thought you taught him better!
If I don't feel secure in a relationship I don't even want a part of it.
Do you #pray everyday? the 15 prayers of St. Bridget....
“: Fuck the Heat” ha try it in Memphis it's like 95 here :/
About to turn into a ninja a squirrel ninja
The #1 team in college football is _________.
Quick construction clean up job done this morning in Highland Park.
finally able to catch up on some library instruction literature and take a break from apartment hunting.
Life is, more than anything, dark expensive houses with porchlights on.
you think it was bad before? you have more problems than so called #Cleatchasers #DumbAssBOYS is what you are.
Technically opening isn't until Sunday...but our Pay What You Can previews do start tonight! Thanks for the tweet out!
me too!!
The way I am it's all my fault
I talk with my hands all the time ! .....or sometimes with just a finger or two! ;)
Watching criminal minds and doing my taxes.... debate: will I have nightmare bc of the show or bc I messed up my taxes.
at least people are noticing. You shouldn't be pissed off, but be happy and want to encourage people to unite and cause history
#FF more great
Our girls softball team stands up to the weather- game on!
#CosgroverOn Hello Twitter =)
Wow just got told I was frekin ugly:( TREAT OTHERS THE WAY YOU WANT TO BE TREATED!! boys like understand
where was that?!?
lol TOO ghetto .
Just looked. Today it's all Baltimore is "obsessed" and "not a fan".
that's for real homie!!
RT : College GameDay heading to Baton Rouge for Florida-LSU. Sounds like a party to me!
as a reformed multi-tasker, I felt the retweet was imperative! :)
Since I got some work done at UNM, in going for ice cream
Coffee w OU alum in macomb talking about his start up unbelievable platform and communication strategy!
Thank you for sharing your son w/ #MSU He has become 1of my fave #Spartan kiddos. He's a great person '& athlete. Happy M D!!
BLOOD DEATH NO FREEDOM NO VOICE LIE'S AND MORE LIE'S THIS IS WRONG MAKE IT RIGHT
Are you DTF? . . down to FOLLOW me on twitter ! ;D
JMR Girls Track team: Southern Conference Champions! UNDEFEATED! Good job girls AND boys, we had an amazing season! I'll miss you all!
Watching Precious wt my bro
Super Science Saturday - Gizmos and Gadgets! Come check it out!
thanks for the mentions
I notice the more ignorant someone is, the more arguments they have.
you're working Monday then? Thank god It's my school I can't be alone!
Hittin up the studio to record for a song called "forever know"!
And Barton just completely lost it for QPR, what an idiot.
Almost won at words with friend
Playing w/ , New Moods, and Tygerstrype this Wed at
Photos: Tumbling Into the New Year
In kinda buzzed and its al because
Cannot wait!
you guys are funny. Shark Bar much? haha
Don't know where we're going but I think we're almost there. Wine tweet. Damn I need to get up early for shark hunting.
not possible.
My Prayers go out to #DwyaneWade nephew!
Thank you for the #FF! Have a great weekend as well.
LML...so true, but he's horrible. Time for him to be an assistant for Coach K now.
So, I inadvertantly gave my boss a pornographic-ish book for Christmas. Oops.
The last time I was in my apartment was 35 hours ago
what station locally is it on?
Randy, so true, staff surprised, we have a partnership with Google in Boulder, we are wondering the impact for AIA
Thank you!! You can "partner" with us anytime.
*I dont judge ppl tht r to short, to tall, to fat, or to skinny;& ill be friends with anyone no matter wht their flaws r:)*
dude in my class just sprinted out the door... car got towed......
My dad thinks I'm gonna cook dinner for my mom... As if I'd burn down the house 🔥
AVENGERS’ $185+M record! $68+M Saturday & $80.5M Friday For Biggest Domestic Weekend And $575+M Worldwide
Bout to get my hair done ^_^
Love when the #Brewers wear the retro jerseys. Bring back the "ball & glove" logo permanently.
Um I might be twitter stalking you. Idk though... Maybe.
Good luck on all your finals too.
MB vs Omg girlz dance battle omg girlz definitely won
what's good hiphopmenace my name is redell drakeford founder of take axshun marketing,promotions & management inc.chicago
If you do not ask, the answer will always be no
YUP....even though that was my show HAHAHAHAHA
He too sensitive
Ack. Just totally hit the thursday wall. Wanna be home reading up on the Marvel RPG and eating vegetarian chik'n soup.
I want to go to the Spa!
Go Tribe! RT Headed to my hit this am, 10:45 talking #Indians, #Ethier and
life is a choice and death is a decision
awesome Mexico pics!
lets do it together
to be honest, I just ate dinner so i am haha
we should hang!
Don't forget tomorrow night is our FIVE (5)@ Sonic Burgers for $5.95 at 5pm. Now that's a deal my friends! Only@ 8212 Liberty Rd Sonic.
that would be awesome! I would be there taking pics and vids.
The hardest challenge is to be yourself in a world where everyone is trying to make you be somebody else. ~E. E. Cummings
Whaddaya mean, you don’t know what a moussicle is? It’s basically a frozen, chocolate-dipped orgasm on a stick. $3 for a ticket to heaven.
I love lazy Sunday's. Enjoying well deserved time spending it with my husband before our crazy work schedules start again. ❤
OH guy in Colgate shirt: "How did you guys hear about this? Facebook?"
Damn we're n a recession! #NBC just reported #Tide is being stolen & sold on the
Ok... Sneaks Up mixtape 6 submission info email going out right now... if you do not get it, send me your email and I'll forward it to you..
Another impressive inning for Nova! Gotta get something going on offense!
Thank you for the retweet
I love bachata ,,
omg me too!! Sad! I wouldn't go out there either and get involved! Eff that
one of WI biggest assclowns. F that guy.
“ “ RETWEET this if you're missing someone right now♥””
Heading to Greer stadium woo hoo! Hope they win :)
Shud hav a good idea where we r after the summer&what we need2do2get2where we want 2b. Ppl think I am crazy, but a state title is our goal.
LiveSchool now has an improved weekly report template that makes it even easier for parents to stay informed!
is ur story out yet ??
I'm on fire with the creative storytelling and screenplay writing right now. It's about to be disgusting. #ohyeahit'son
and yet, it is still the minority. Always has been. What's next after this epic fail?
if you had a 📲 you wouldnt have these problems 😊
RT IF JUSTIN, CODY, OR GREYSON ARE NOT FOLLOWING YOU SO THAT I CAN DM THEM YOUR USERNAME! (must be following ) #NOJOKE!
Because people don’t choose to write, they are chosen to write. [So true!]
That stalker moment when someone likes your FB post from 2 months ago....O_o
I guess it probably wouldn't be a good thing for me to get laid at work tho lol
I'm on the grind! Are you? Crystallize your goals and change the world around you. But most importantly - stay focused along your path.
Make money live comfortably oh
Thanks, guys, for a great show!
I want to, but alas, I am watching my boys tonight
- Kids Reguire Moment by Moment LOVE, Attention, Care, Preparation, Training, Follow-Through & Role Models.
. You r my favorite movie critic, but you gotta let the Transformers hate go. We get it. You hate Michael Bay. Let's move on.
i am definately locked in at tao in las vegas drinking ciroc and lemonade and gettin my diddy bop on while typin this on my g1 ...
Gonna be a long night.
Finally getting to sleep after a very stressful late evening of work
Headed to the first crew meeting of the 2011 sailing season. Can't wait to start racing again!
hii khloe ! Omg I think you're super pretty ! I know you hear that a lot but yeah (: Hope you can retweet me (:
Rajon Rondo steals inbound w/ 10.9 seconds left but the #Celtics could not score, fall 87-86. Game 6 on Thursday at TD Garden.
what does #WW mean?
I helped a few people find the new post office location on Meridian today.
<3 Feeling so blessed! "When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch up to you." :)
Trying to cop tickets for the Curren$y & Smoke Dza concert next week? Catch me at Old Miami tonight and The Shelter Thursday.
Thinkin Bout Her
LOL BOSS RIDE
Agree on Nash. Love to have him, but not if it requires mortgaging the farm.
Probably not then.
you've always been good with WNBA. Nice call today on Mystics +11
'Hygiene hypothesis' gains credence in explaining food allergy prevalence - Delmarva Daily Times
See you tomorrow at 11am for #knit assist
i threw out my back and it hurt like crazyy had to miss school yestardayy!
Not in my mind! A lot of people are saying Zodiac though...
follow before she commits!20
oh yeah you go girl
I wish life had a pull-down help menu.
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes
I wish we did, too. I'll pass it on to the management. Thanks for your loyalty! : )
Planing a music video shoot and hoping to make dreams come true.. Have a great night!
People just. I mean. Karaoke. Screen like phone calls plz.
Is it just me or does it smell like Delray today?
how long you gonna be there?
Soo exhausted! Not sleepy. Just exhausted.
Welcome to the end.
Maybe! Hoping to go to Tampa for the Frozen Four, too RT : You going to be at the ACC Tournament next month?
orange and purple is such an 80's colour combo
I LOVE BEING UNDER ESTIMATED
same as Omar: 0. #BOOM :P
Santa Barbara bound !!! See you in two weeks Chicago
Happy Mothers Day Mom (and the rest of the Moms out there) Would not be where I am today without the support & guidance you have provided me
1 year ago today: Brandon Roy rescued the Blazers in Game 4 vs the Mavs. We'll relive it with highlights on the pregame show.
Does anyone know of any delicious warm #cider recipes for these next few cold months?
Niggas try to holla she'll will point it out...She will catch a flight she will run a route
we got my mom some roses there pretty like her :)
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked why do u talk white?
Just got done destroying the Microsoft 70-573 exam on SharePoint 2010 Development. Next O will conquer lunch!
you're going?!
Riden round with my nigga smoking on dope
I'm not used to this. The OTHER team is setting the tempo…this is weird.
Ooh I just love Queen Latifah
I love it! So much funny drama!
#jets fans take after their coach dumb ass!!
I love Austin so much.. like OKHAYY. Only #Mahomies can get what I'm saying when I say I can't explain how much I love him.
FOLLOW NEW TWITTER ~~~
watching princess and frog with my daughter. when did the theaters become so clean?
RT Oh, you took 30 minutes to text him back because it took him 20? That will show him who’s boss
ill have ya living life like you should, you'll say you've never had it so good.
you are! You always blame me!
The lights aren't that bad. I'm pretty sure tanning beds are a lot worse...
Amen! RT : If we sow good seeds, we got a payday coming from God.
"i'll give you 950 followers in 10mins. But you must be following me.” does that really work?
Funny day with Haahaha I'm bald headed suposedly..........lawl
but you believed in everything but me girl, I don't get you
Interesting, but might take their focus away from actually playing game.
It sucks being up all night
What ur disappointed there's a law and I ain't no child molester but I am cool with every body...don't care who u is
Absolutely! Spreading the word is blazing fast with #SM - great way for us to stick together - follow
I mean--- that's valid.
itching to head back to LA for Halloween weekend...sunshine? yes please!
It's okay if I don't wear a long dress to prom because I still got til my prom so don't be giving me bullshit!
Thank you for the love. Do you follow Jim on twitter? Check out
lol My whole TL going through something...
Happy Friday all! Have a wonderful St. Patrick's Day!!!
I recently learned about your agency. Great stuff! #Cheers!
Just saw my bro off on his prom..lol fam a fool
great verse on that Get Her on mixtape produced by the homie hope to hear calabo with ja rule when he get out
I am honored, sir, and will use your endorsement in my campaign to be America's Funny Man (should Billy Crystal ever leave us)
Neat idea to test a pbx connect into G+ hangout.
haha thanks! I'm still applying for the #CommunityMgroftheYr award but I'll definitely let you know when voting starts!
My take on the latest Transformers movie: So bad on so many levels...I just can't get it out of my head.
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps o.g. Loko-of mice & men.
Come cure some humid Monday blues on the corner of NE 2nd ave and NE 39th street! We'll be here till 6 kitties..
So bored not tired
Can't do too many more snow winters. Arghhhh
Just finished my first set of phone prompts in a long time. What a wide world is #voiceover work.
More than meets the eye.
"Not advertising is like being alone in a dark room with the door closed. You know you are there, but no one else does".
RT : TODAY at 4:50 pm ET: Chief Investment Strategist Jeff Saut will be a guest on 's Closing Bell .
thanks for the follow blue!
I thought I was a pedifile now I can have him
Stop your grin'n and drop your linen: Manning's plane is in the air, on the way back to Raleigh. -- mike freeman ()
you can't fight with fate
Excited to learn more Love the idea of growing food close to home
I Know Im Be Famous So Im Putting Everybody On :D So Now It's Time To Work Harder -_- lol " God Got My Back "
I think really has eBay we call selective seeing
and I dont care about the flesh it'll tare, it isnt flesh that im worried about! ~La Dispute
Now this I want to see!
Watching Q&A w on 's Google+ pg. Seen w others (incl ). Thoughts on integrating into campaigns? Enough reach?
this house bunny movie is real bad
Amen to that!
Shoutout to the producers who sending me that heat!!!!! If your a dope&wanna get $$ email me
Thankful for everyone in every moment!
that is retarded I got out like ten minutes ago it wasn't that bad I thought it'd take longer
Lots of Adele on the radio 
Happy Columbus Day!
I'm gonna burn this shit and show it to my 88 followers
i'm literally crying. you & will make THE BEST music omg omg omg
following back... Thanks for following, love :)
Grocery store: check. Last supper: check. 40 days of no going out to eat here we come!
S/O all the college grads of 2012! :) we did it baby! Whoo!
aww damn..leave den ion need u
really need a red gatorade. Before i puke.
Whether you use cabinets or shelves, keep supplies separated by type, using organizers for groups of smaller items.
"If you can actually count your money, then you're not a rich man." - J. Paul Getty
well played sir
215 is playing in Green Bay tonight at IQs...9pm...Free Show...Don't Miss It
why are they promoting shows OVER A YEAR away? and WHY are they selling tickets for it?? This is crazy.
k dude I work mon threw friday but ill be free this weekend if you wanna get together nd do.something go eat nd chill or something
Ah. Ask for the car tomorrow and go during lunch. D:
i love that point in the day where you can let your hair down kick your feet up and relize you had a very good day
Hey, all - send me your vegan/vegetarian-friendly recommendations for Philadelphia! Going there in July, and I need to eat!
An hour-plus of walking with a 3 minute run (still doing the intervals, dont judge me!)
u are fine
I honestly did not know about Whitney until i checked twitter just now.
Not feeling #GreaterThan & I have been drinking both vodka & GT. Damn.
Yay for mixers tonight, who's coming? Tip for conversation starters, ask what least favorite exhibit has been and how to improve. Or most.
-- if the league has any integrity..yes he sits.
check ur email
oye. Can I please have a clone?
 #DanceMomsMiami!!! Love the show it shows me that I am not te only one who has drama in her life lol!
Dub Jam
At UW-Whitewater to meet with the PR students.
Progress Report Meeting with the Drama/Dance Department.
I rather be with you but you are not around ...
thinking my neighbor's Red Holsteins would make for an amazing photograph when the foliage is at high peak.
Well I happened to like your 'creamy' porcelain look. Now you're gettin' all 'Swarthy'.. ;O)
Quite a compliment. Should tell him, though you have already tons, I am sure. Has he published on this programatic approach?
FEELIN LIKE A FREIGHT CHAIN
Right? Colorado Avid Golfer girls. Too cute!
RT : #PRSCamp June 5-7 plus doing a live feed online and charity event to raise $ for kids w/ AIDS #usguys cc:...
At the Heckerling Institute on Estate Planning in Orlando. I am learning that 2 year GRATs are great.
European Stocks Advance; Swedbank, Electrolux Rally - BusinessWeek
Thx for thinking of us!
did you see Jordan's interview with ? it's a whole diff side of Jordan.U guys need to each do one with her like that!
The first year wedding anniversary of Duke & Duchess of Cambridge is tomorrow! My best wishes go out to &
lol now go to bed
Just saw a Terrible Accident on Lamar and S. Parkway.
Can't wait to check-in this weekend and see Sleep No More for the second time!!! Perhaps the Electric Room afterward?
Let's go PATRIOTS lets go. :)
could you add links to conf proceedings and journal volumes that would allow you to go <prev or next> when browsing?
I hope everything is ok there Courtney. I will definitely keep you in my prayers.
Don't die on me!!!
Everyone talking about THIER Super Bowl commercial. There is NO WAY I am going to brag about my 6 Super Bowl commercials. There is NO way!
It was a pretty amazing moment. Our eye contact was super intense
#FourWordsYouDontWannaHear Make me a sandwich.
If there are any issues, please do not hesitate to contact me at .
Sept 3rd labor day weekend Breez Hu$tle video shoot in Htown, come out for ya boy!
What a great community et al. have built at Thanks to and everyone who attended.
I don't know why but I'll cheer for any team in the #MLB before I support the BoSox. Even the Cards 😞. I just don't like them.
I was in the 212
so the new twitter erased all my tweets? been like this since yesterday....
~Free Shipping at MyBerryExistence.com
Whatever I'm gunna eat my Rita's custard now 👽
Peasants only treat her like a Queen
Speechless. The girls left us in awe. Such self-confident, empowered young ladies! #FashionShow2012 is a success!
tell me you love me.
Thx Larry, you're so kind. RT : A Sure Bet to Learn From:
serious abt methadone clinic - contacted 10 neighborhood assns yesterday with Sue's information sheets. on it!
At Scott Nelson's workshop on #Copyright & Public Domain at the : "This whole presentation should anger you." Pretty much...yes.
It really needs to be summer already.
Our Wed. special is a vintage throwback from the Piccard's days. Fried chicken, green beans & our ultra-cheesy mac n' cheese!
Happy Halloween Everyone!!!
Was just told that someone said I looked like Stella McCartney. What? I look nothing like her.
haha nah I'll say hi, and if you do that then I'll act like I don't know you haha jk
tyler the creator
Home chillaxin. Hit me up!
And the crowd goes wild!!
We can print on just about anything, but t-shirts, hat's & hoodie's are the most requested. The music industry is good to us & us to them.
hey again(: i just saw the address but is that his or his P.O box? And what format do i put that on an envelope?help!(:
just presented Foodie Night - it offers curated food, wine, beer lists, with pairings & recommendations.
should have came to orlando..
THIS THURSDAY! The Grand Opening of the Brink is happening with free cover all weekend! Ill be spinning Thursday, Friday & Saturday!...
hey, I go where there is work lol
I'm TIRED Of You BITCHES Acting TUFF Like Niggas .
Seconded, and especially for plane flights. RT : Dear people in those rubber toe sock shoe things, just no.
& I are hosting a mothers day dinner/pamper party for the mothers @ Claras House shelter 5/11 6pm-8pm. Volunteers needed
Here are some other famous compassion quotes by some of the well known personalities.
Work work work work work...lol
I am still waiting on that explanation.
“: so impressed with ! Awesome job making a difference! #iamFCE #addictedtolifechange” Thanks Pastor B!
Somebody is bringing the #Brewers good luck tonight!
I still say it's fine for an alt kit but the proof will be in sales. Hope it sells well. We need the £! RT if u wish.
Heading up to Montreal today for #140MTL conference: The State of Now. Talking about #PervasiveComms. Join me?
S/o my neww follower
Lebron please don't leave
Im Invisable To You Just Another Fan But The Diff Thing About Me Is I Trufully Like You Not Just Be Like I Got Him Bitches..♥
Screw Creative Writing #dumbass class.
let me see umm #skyyjones2 check #thecookup check so tonight i'm feeling
Wishes I was as pretty as (:
hey you were mentioned in the Auburn Mountainview High School Annouments congrats u guys
a good throw guns him.
hey. You messaged me on Xbox live but I can't respond cause im not a gold member. What's up Edge-bro?
When my prom clients are tardy I do NOT trip, I went to prom I know the deal. All I ask for is food and a diet pepsi.
Doesn't sound like a problem to me...
The official day may be July 1, but for #Mizzou fans, #SEC membership starts Monday night.
so um hannah when you ganna put the tweet i told you to put?!?!;)
New Costume Deluxe Junior Flight Suit Boys Costume
Just done maxs makeup, omg.
I've seen a few articles pop up about the McGangBang. I think I liked KFC's Double Down better.
If I follow this outline just so, I'll be writing about new years eve on new years even. Write what you know!
It's the $125 Spring Fling Deep Stacks Qualifier into the Main Event at 8pm
oh I thought you said hoes !
One minute
Now let me help u make ur estimated tax payments RT : Congrats to !!! 4th Highest Selling Rap Album of ALL time
tweeting out to you cos you asked so
awsome sounds like fun!! Lol :D
Most of the people I meet in-game don't seem to want to interact, and it follows a pretty standard pattern of MMO fetch quests.
The FDL bureau!!
great news!
well thank you
I just got home. Took a shower, now I'm relaxing watching some TRU TV . Hell yeah. Crazy shit
{Ad Space} Are you looking to promote your business? More space open NOW! Contact me to get started!
"Girl, you look better with the lights off." is pretty much like saying: "Girl, you look better with a bag over your head"
- currently booked at a club. might be able to move the date. call or email the details. 512-595-2284 -
hey I don't like madboy&i don't like mini k/big L lololol I just agree that mini k has nice eyes and that big L is ok lololol
What is your favorite honour crest song ?
#latingrammys this Thursday at the ! It's going to be great! I've seen some of the rehearsals for some of performers.Amazing
that's okay. I understand it all! ~winks, squeezes hand~ secrets safe with me. Imma go tanning. On the beach...
Drinking with my bay listening to him talk ish team tipsy
Bingo! RT : T4 How about universal coverage so docs can concentrate on patient care instead of administration?
Chef David Guas of Arlington's Bayou Bakery will be competing on Food Network's "Chopped" tonight at 10pm!
what type of person really beats a innocent defenseless baby. Smh what has the world come to >:O
It's been a great week. Thank You Followers, Friends, and Everyone Else!
We spent an hour yesterday on #HAchat discussing ways ePatients & activists can approach docs. Working on list w/
Watching Videos on youtube
i missed #SAYSOMETHIN someone tell me what it sounds like!!
Starting Spider Bones. Suddenly very excited.
What's wrong with lettering in choir? Cool people lettered in it (and Latin) :D
gym, then PAINTING!!
Trisha- hope you're having a great Thursday... promise I'll be up early tomorrow :)
Pretty ironic but B-Side Wins Again is my favorite PE track.
ClipperNation tough loss
I am working on it. Heard V is coming this wknd.
You'll be missed. At least by me... Shorty needs to get her ass home. ^_~
would the iOS 5 widget thingy allow for a really simple widget for quick add asana tasks, just for capturing ideas very very fast?
This has been one of the funniest nights ever
Carmelo is a scorer expecting otherwise is like asking Reggie Miller not to shoot 3's, just dunk
Do the common thing in an uncommon way - Booker T Washington
Man, Verdell Jones I dribbles the ball way too much. Get the ball inside to Zeller more!
In order to win, you must first lose. The feeling of losing gives you the desire to make sure you never lose again.
Im guessing Friday is bullshit day
never any of those what ??
I have been good, how are you doing? Did you ever get any of my emails?
Yes! The first time it came out and I was going through a hard time I listened to this song&ever sense I've loved it!<3
God, please not anatomy.
If you're interested in #THATCamp Bay Area but not close, check THATCamp.org and follow hashtag--global organizing. join in!
Twitter & Tumblr > Facebook.
wait when???? Tomorrow??
Get you some Coffee..lol
yep... & I debating between that & USMNT in Jamaica. Haven't committed to either.
i wore my Dog Tags to school today
Who needs Flyer Designs for a Show, Party, Event, etc? We only charge $8 and we'll have it done that same day. Message us.
“: Sometimes you have to be apart to know if you are really meant to be together.”
For those of you that have beat/writers block right now, just remember.... Music just happens. So stop thinking about it so hard
That's what PSTs are for!
Wishing everyone a Happy 4th of July!
I'm truly in love
Lame right? Cut-n-paste makes them HugeLosers! lol
Wednesday Trivia Night Bonus Phrase: 49ers Good luck everyone!
#NP Where Are You Now cover by Austin Carter Mahone
Is your website easy to navigate? Is your content engaging? Do you ask the visitors to do what you want them to do with a call of action?
its the place where we'd have to lie and call him our friend
so would this be your first semester ever at college or... How old are u anyway?
Thank you, Lisa! Likewise!! Looking forward to reading your tweets! :)
On the way to church for a vbs meeting with
saw one for the money with my gf on valentines day, it was great! :)
Been there many times and been to the memorial twice which is amazing. They did it right. I live 12 miles from Ground Zero.
Girls are so nasty to each other, it's insane. It's like, "Bring her down so I can lift myself back up."
We hope you can visit Interiors From Spain booth at #hdboutique. Also pls visit www.fromspainmagazine.com. Thanks!
you should probably start tweeting, don't you think?
Thank you!
Saturday night and im in watching the notebook. This sucks 👎
Follow me on instagram!(:
I am thankful to work with such talented and tenacious colleagues at That is all.
True true. Didn't mean the ban ws related to the litter question. Was just using my un-support of the ban as a bargaining chip.
what the heck are you watching?
Sounds like it will be, but I'm going to be out of town!
Preparing for hosting the East Midlands Young Planners event tonight - photos to follow!
He's gonna get it for joking that she may have cancer. She didn't laugh very hard.
Not going to #Mifflin. I don't need to travel to Madison to make a fool out of myself.
It's always funny who you see & who you miss! I've been soaking up really practical sessions at
im w/okc
I didn't know you had the option! I thought ALL scrantonites (scrantonians?) had to go to parade day. :)
Beautiful and thought provoking morning at Arlington.
Gain cannot be made without some person's loss.
The awkward moment when the leg with cast is the one that's itching & there's nothing you can do to fix it 0.0
RT : Leaders worth following clearly know how to find the time to be pro-active rather than reactive.
done and done!
Just saw Marcia is doing Physical Health too. :-)
RT R.I.P to the 31 U.S Troops who were killed in a helicopter crash in Afghanistan. Show respect by retweeting
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. - Bill Cosby
definitely ready for lunch, but no idea what I want.
And our website is coming soon!
From the desert to the wine bar... not a bad weekend ;-)
Will McGee's departure help Booker?? Thanks.
I didn't know people were blaming Welker for dropping the ball. Rewatched the play - it was a bad pass.
Well let me tell you this sister , I am , I am colder than a blister , c:
yeesh. Glad I don't work at DOJ...apparently protesters are knocking all sorts of websites down in backlash for megavideo takedown
Uh, yeah.": So. Is it too early to talk about how many All Stars the M's should have? And how much W Series tix cost these days?"
Why is Jen taking so long ?
John McCain will be forever remembered as the man who made the crazies respectable in national politics.
It's a tough feeling to lead Iowa's first K-12 virtual school, but yet, feel as though so many people are against you. Must succeed!
Follow back :)
#25th to get the quest! a new personal record!
RT : Can we warm up the library room? We're freezing in here! Thx. #SMSS Yes, it's a bit chilly!
Headed 2 Mingle Bells soon! Join Hampton Roads professionals @ Red Star in Town Center VB! Is going?
probably because all the smoke in her eyes! #ewey!
If the club pays the DJ to play records the ppl want to hear... Why shouldn't U be charged 4 them to play the records they don't
Yes it can be, when you get some. I only slept a total of 60 minutes last night :(. I'm gonna be dragging ass today!
oh yeah. Lotsa junk in there.
"Obviously, death is something that happens to other people." ~ Shelly Kagen, WS Journal.
Whoo #Superbowl Sunday let's go
My bitch just now texting me bk
The Dawgs need to calm it down... Playing a little spazzy and not enough rebounding!
RT : Bernard - better energy management compared to VCR programming vs DVRs of today
Well, it's on list, but honestly, I'm not sure that I'll actually manage to listen to it this weekend. But ambition is good, right?
oh hay. Thanks boo (;
Still reading "Game of Thrones" this #fridayreads!
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
lol, as long as it's not only ugali and sakumawiki I'm a happy man! And thanks :)
Green lights all the way to the strip. Going to be a good day at work
Just used "Chrome" as an example of a browser B/C apparently "Internet Explorer" is over.
whoa, a Friday with me not busy or at work? looks like it's time for some #FF :D
Please remove me from these feeds. thanks!
Watched #SemiPro and #Anchorman on the bus ride home from Philly
At workshop for 2012 real estate form changes. Good info!
I love when you say cute things in spanish
Judge wasn't looking at the cool factor but if it serve the class of Google authors
Do we have to talk about Game of Thrones now? Because this week's Community was virtuosity on display. Amazing.
Omg...Glee singing Alice Cooper?
! please follow me! it would make my week!!!!!! :)
I have come to dislike one of my favorite holiday's-Christmas. Need to find the real joy.
Just finished taping interview with #WUSA9 about Trayvon Martin case. Slated for 11 o'clock news tonight.
oh weren't you just lucky! Lol
Cookie monster to veggie monster to antioxidant monster. its inevitable.
im completely all about me. it sucks to say it but #ImFullOfMyself ;-)
Yes we do! It's been a while!
Bananas and legos - tools for creativity, innovation and play! Helene Blowers
One of the few Christmas presents I got ..Lakers vs Chicago ...rose vs bryant
Got your email, we definitely do what you asked, will respond from my personal email account later- Dan
I hate ma hair so mch , its so damn currrrlllyyyyyy >_<
and the decision is to IBB CarGo with 1st base open and Tulo out of the game; decisive AB falls to the immortal...Chris Nelson?
lmao why would a couple buy a full size bed lol
I love these PORNO tweets! At me if u a PORNSTAR!!!
HAD A GOOD WEEKEND LOVING MY FAMILY..I LOVE WATCHING MY BABY GROW GETTIN READY FOR ANOTHER WEEK...
a watch
And one more "To describe this strange, beautiful book does it a disservice" Thanks, !
Thanks for following and adding us to the list! Stop by the school if you're ever in the area! We do some fun tours.
I think , the group putting out the research, made their site live last night. So maybe they broke their own embargo?
#NP Broken Social Scene - All To All ... love this motherfucking song.
stubby will have one with you!
I'm not a lady I'm a guy. I'm following you cause said to follow you!!!
damn straight, have you heard break (aotl)? really good samples all of the lights acoustically..
yep I did
“: Pelfrey you suck! Let's hear after the game how you gotta get better #Mets” Not constructive, John.
it would be cool.
watching mob wives with
Excuse me? I gave my opinion? That's not rudeness.
So excited for the grand opening party tomorrow! Everyone should stop by and say hello!
Yes, is da man & was right! Kids were hitting cars.
#Georgemichael in prison? -a few months in a confined space, with drug abuse + sexual threat ever present should sort him out.
Stop in and get one! No purchase necessary! :)
that's probably what they do! I'd only be on that show to make out with hot guys and get money
I think I'm bout to watch some of that on my google tv
You're probably being filmed right now.
Want to hear something ultra nerdy? As a little girl, the first song that made me cry was Celes' Opera from FF3. Old School snes midi track
Im getting too much messages that someone is posting bad stuff about me:(
Everytime a coworker offers to buy lunch, she gets a pizza or cheap tacos. When I return the favor she orders expensive stuff. Smart indeed.
Follow Me on Instagram !:D
When you have nothing left to say to me, say it anyway.
Maybe Ron Paul could have lent him a department or two. But then again, he's not a big fan of bailing out anyone.
I know not of joelee i dont have a personal twitter
I look forward to hearing from u about sgm in Memphis.
Hey! Check out my video of one of my newest songs, Motel 8!! Thanks for your support! Love ya! <3
safe travels!
all yal goin to Gary house?
Beautiful! Thank you! “: #nowfollowing”
Knowing the Self is different from knowing anything else.
Making some major moves to improve myself and my boys... Gotta protect and provide to make sure they stay on the right path to success.
2 people called in regards to my resume. Got an interview for one. Now someone is interested in buying my car.
Does anyone know where I may find a Mickey Mouse cookie cutter?
Woodland garden suits Green Bay couple fine - Green Bay Press Gazette
wish I was there xoxo
Just read e-single on , Nine Things Successful People Do Differently. Very helpful!
"Retracing your steps is not enough to remember the way out"
On TV Tues, 2 shows (maybe) w/ , hanging w/ on Wed @ ending w/ for weekend. Gonna need electrolytes!
you said you were going to text me when you knew where you were going
I think all this water killed my garden >:[
your pics were much better
oh snap Shahid, I didn't know you were on the Twitters. Congrats on the Boston Marathon!
Nvivo qualitative software works with photos and you could group those into themes in a NY minute. It would great!
Madison is our oyster!
Be sure to tune in via Twitter for our Twitter interview w/ this coming Monday (5/23) at 9pm EST/6 PST. Check 'em out!
glad you're enjoying Shark Tank. the grilling product is going to sell a ton as a gift item. be sure to remove before eating.
there is a mmj ordinance on the agenda in San Diego for March 28th. We are running a huge grassroots campaign to impact it!
Sweetie trust me I'm sure you have fucked niggas for less..
I'm loving the Marc Streitenfeld's score to Prometheus an he honors Jerry Goldsmith an many ways while creating a new feel. This is for fans
thank you! By the way do you know anything about utep improv, or even if you dont do you mind if I ask you a few questions?
#MyFavoriteMLSPlayerOfAllTimeIs Gotta be -- Does 'bicycle kick' ring a bell?
Gonna go to sleep!! Happy Thanksgiving
People do to much ass kissing these days...
One good thing about you, youre easy to ignore.
What makes European Wax Center unique to you?
this week better be amazing ^.^
I seriously don't care about unfollowers.. But I'll delete this account, cuz there's no reason why I should keep it..
Finally home from work. Turn on speed and there is the beautiful Krista Voda. My day has been made
Ight Landry fields needs to get off the stage, let Anthony do the work like on that last shot
Being a pokey puppy....but I need to get my story done
The Long John Silvers are a gang of fruit cakes and anybody who uses the #CoOwnaz hash tag ain't got a canoe to their name.
The best email I wrote today: "You're not a communist. You're a fool."
Bro my phone has been broken for like 2 months lmao
aww that suck but i luv her anyway please RT this luv ya so much
Opening presents with my FABULOUS family 
We have all of that setup. We went through TechInsurance. DM or email for more details.
#fridaylistens Passage by Cronin read by - up to part 8 and loving it. Can't wait for the next installment.
Has any girl ever heard of putting a combination of eggs/milk in your hair to make it more "shiny" or is just crazy?
#HOWTOPISSAMANOFF TELL HIM YOU CANT FUCK TONIGHT CUZ YOUR COOCHIE IS SORE FROM YOUR OTHER NIGGAH
just remember, everyone Poops!
Hyperextended my knee... This means one thing: Swimmers are not meant for running.
Long Day.... Working all day on several websites. Watching the Casey Anthony Trial when I have a minute... So sad.
See you in Houston!!
you do?
please follow me please!! Cam =)
The silence.... *Shudders*
"Only God can judge you but that doesn't mean that people can't correct you by using his word which is his judgements in writing ."
Yeah okay 'cause I'm the one being a bitch.
are the ethics of other local coffee shops in question?
My buddy Craig is going to Malaysia, Hong Kong, and China a week from today. Jealous...
If you're in Fayetteville,NC tomorrow OPEN MODEL CALL FROM 530-7 @ DOWNTOWN LIBRARY IN THE PATE ROOM CUM RIP THE RUNWAY IF U'R BRAVE ENOUGH
Follow me Ariana :)
I just saw this on ELITE how does it work?
Hell Na our senior prank is CRAZY
RT : I swear !!! RT : Y'all ain't real Steeler fans dog my life smh
Watching ghost adventures
#Music lovers #text WEFEST to 90210 for #event info from WE Fest Country Music Festival in #Minnesota. #Mobile brings you info fastest!
yes it's on right now :)
wow, sounds amazing!!!
Thank you for dedicating noon to #mca I can't stop crying. So many wonderful memories!!
I've been told that I need to pick one thing to fight for in life. I want to fight for it all. For everyone.
That darn Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow today. Good news is that Scotty's Brewhouse Catering delivers all our brew homemade soups!
if only my bf paid as much attention to me as he does to the hundreds of women he follows on twitter....
be happy to help with #flipclass. I mostly flip writing instruction & grammar. Send email if you want to converse more.
Q: What are two reasons why men don't mind their own business?1. No mind2. No business.
“: Can't wait for senior prom tonight #pumped” THIS! Makes me feel old... Haha
Not at Shake it. Most affordable way is our Box Office open tonight ill 9pm tomorrow 2pm- 9pm and M-F 11am - 5pm
Hows the pad level? RT : Can't sleep. Doing some self-scouting.
3 more days sorta and break :)
Geometry test tomorrow
Boston wit the dubb. I'll say no more
So I abandon social media for a week or so.. and when I come back my score is higher, by 3 points. Explanation any1?
Always my man. Are you coming
Can't think of better driving music in this weather than Adele. #np "Someone Like You"
Oh man I am feeling so tired almost 7:30am, the things I do for you kpop!
xD I see. Dude, this game's log in, is gonna drive me to becoming an alcoholic.
So, May 1st was a Tues. yet My check went in at midnight that previous Sunday. The 15th is a Tues. no check the previous Sunday? Qué??
Make that 401!
i do not like cimorelli
You seemed to handle that way more calmly than I did.
What says "I love you" more th
Top ten plays of this weekend were best top 10 i have ever seen
Feeling good. Taking a Shakespeare workshop and a Monologue workshop in January.
People often mistake "questions" for "long, ill though out rambles in front of everyone."
At , Kris talks travel, eats travel, and probably smells travel. Stop by and say hi! She'll find U the perfect tour
Hello New Students! What are you most looking forward to when you attend John Jay in the Fall?
All love is probationary, a fact which frightens women and exhilarates men.
no problem <3
Stop. Shooting. Glove side.
Oh pizza man I'm so sorry. We love you.
I need a grocery shopping drink. Name?
Casino flow
": you're the one who did all the talking...#toomuchdrink"haha stfu, they love me
I'm doing fantabolous! =) How about you buddy? <3
Palm Springs is warm and beautiful. I am looking forward to my 19th NALP conference and especially to seeing so many friends!
me too!
what is the story Yosi---the shoes?
got me all hyped for nothing . Thought I was gon get to SMACK me a bitch or TWO today lol
While watching the NBA All-Star game (incredibly boring BTW), I decided that I need to go white water rafting. Can't wait for May!!!
Happy Veteran's Day! Proud to be a Veteran! I served in the US Army for over 9 years. Both of my sons & my Father served in the Army too
Panama works for me. Now we just need to get Miss Gabs.
proud 2 b a part of Best of Show at B+L Pediatric Cataract Initiative, thanks to + team for including us!
Wrote my first short film. Very dark. Meeting with cinematographer next Wed to discuss possibly casting and shooting this.
Happy thanksgiving to my friends and family, enjoy the time spent together because at the end of the day that's all that matters.
Sorry had to vent!
You know it's weird when the hitters are carrying the renowned pitching staff.
Obama's going to be at a fundraiser tonight and will be ten minutes away from my apartment. Oh, how I'd love to meet him!
#alliwant is a good novel and a cup of sugar cookie tea.
love you too.
feel like disecting my squad again this year?
Nicely done boys, nicely done. So proud to be a WinterHawks fan.
Seriously, The Walking Dead is SO DAMN AWESOME. But I'm gonna switch to reading now so I don't have horrendous nightmares. :P
Finishing edits this evening for one of the three audiobooks I'm working on right now. I did invite the avalanche. Now I have to dig out.
heyy!! hi there you sexy thing!!! ;) <33
I'm use to it when I do it. lOl! But I guess love. I think I'm about to go to bed.
“: H-Town Enuff said The twin's vocals who #shazam #dino”
wat do u all do?we help mentally disabled
Great to see you on Twitter! I look forward to weekly sketches! :)
That thong thong thong thong thong yeeeeheeeee
Thanks! I am looking into ways we can use it here in the medical library.
Oohh...we've got some pretty awesome keynote speakers! We will announce them shortly. Rock on....
Austin DM Mahomies<3 it would make our night.. actually it would make MY life. yeah i'm just that lonely LOL
the zero fat diet crowd is missing out on absorption of fat-soluble vitamins. Way worse than being overweight!
Finally started watching #Torchwood on Netflix. Why didn't I start sooner?
loving the new album more and more every day
And they're messing around in her phone! This is some high school-level tomfoolery!
Congratulations to Brandon Graham! 13th overall pick!
Wtf happened... The season started off well, I miss clyde, terry, jerome, buck and the duck... sad days for us blazer fans...
laying on my couch :)
Lol he was too ready!
How to disagree without being disrespectful. All viewpoints accepted!
I think I nervously shook his hand about three times, so one of those is yours.
Can't wait for Anna North's novel America Pacifica to come out May 18 -- 29 years after Teaching Children Tennis the Vic Braden Way...
Come college basketball season, we will definitely be covering the Dawgs.
Elise Testone will win Idol . You agree?
We just updated our user information
write on my wall
Once people get tax returns, Orbital Spaceflight sales skyrocket. Crossing my fingers that my 10,000th cold call is the take-off point.
Slow down baby!
hey now. When have I ever volunteered you to take me out anywhere. Stop spreading lies
Only 1 reason for #Apple profits: fabulous products. Economics 101: Make a good product and the people shall purchase.
Oh, birkenstocks.... so nice to see we are together again.
Always on the grind. Meetings all day, gettin stuff done!
Hey Barrel Ass, ever think of having a "Biggest Jerky Boy Fan" contest?
Chillin in Los Angeles with pole vault and javelin tomorrow
Thank you, we're having a blast! RT : Hope that your event is great! #Cleveland rocks!
"Nothing is built on stone, everything on sand, but our duty is to build as if sand were stone..." ~ Jorge Luis Borges
- Welcome! I like your jewelery! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Time to turn the music up!
omg that's funny. I agree lol
Thanks... I will!
whoever sign up 4 the email, will they still received a free lipgloss?
I wonder who holds the position at Mellon? You should form a mayoral council.
Heading to the gym. God help me :)
Director of Park Service, Jon Jarvis, cannot think of time when he hasn't had a bike and tried to ride in each park he's worked in.
We agree! RT : I love your store. Always so many creative, inventive items!
what the heck!? lol
Awesome! Would have loved to have been there to see it...
Lady Antebellum's music is perfect
No tv for me today....Know a station on I Heart Radio where I can listen to game?
Tuesday is such a tease of a day...
Parents upset that Seattle Schools is moving Whittier Developmental Preschool to Viewlands next year with little notice....
I love how my math teacher is always absent the day we have to take his test !! XD :D
miss you too darling!
WTF, when did your site get an hourly usage limit? 1st time on your site all week and you block me. Fri aft is my twitter time GRR
Love it!
Mariano Rivera is coming back and THANK GOD. What would the Bronx be without one more Panamanian who speaks broken English?
This Cormac McCarthy weather needs to beat it. I really understand how much I value color on days like this.
why u asking bro?
He followed me also, but hasn't unfollowed yet.
Thanks for mentioning us in your daily! And thanks for the RTs
Duderstadt emphasizes importance of investing in humanities and arts alongside other disciplines.
at DA's press conference over Kelly Thomas charges. starts at 11, supposed to be live on cnn
goodnight dear void.
i hate boyz...i LOVE men!!!
When you have to wonder where you 'stand' with someone, its time to wonder why the hell you care ?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! You are a amazing woman who raised a incredible young man<3
Hell is the DMV. You couldn't pay me enough to work here.
RT : My first waffle 'n chicken Bistro. Oh my!
Good Morning! Since I got up way to early and get an extra day, maybe I will get more done. We will see. It's Just Another Great Day.
RT : I'm really proud of and his grades haha Still! Hours later... // Thank you!
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. -Wayne Gretzky.
Some people are Technology Phobic...
Laying out finishing english paper I want someone to join me!
"When a girl asks a guy to listen to a song, it's because the lyrics are all the words she's afraid to say lol"
just arrived at `s house!!! yayyy!!!!
lost 2 followers..i know who you are, so your loss bby
what's the app you talked about to watch your "unfollowers" on twitter?
#watching spaceballs with my girls..80's comedy classic!
Let's go let's go
You are being followed
to meet austin and alex someday but thats not happenin cause i missed austins concert in ny and he went home the day before i(c
.Ami :B #MiamiInk ❥
Lancaster girls 4x1 win da gold I finals wuth 46;80.. National record holders.. Reppin Dallas down here in H*town TSU relays
Hawai'i's Shaka Soap selected for MTV Movie Awards - Maui Weekly
Blah...Blah...It sux being a nice guy somedays. It means I actually think before speaking, so I bite my tongue most days. So with that said
"If you don't have it now...work your ass off so you can get it later"
Off to jail imean school
Thanks, I think. ;) It really is such cruel irony- being the face of fried cheese curds. But it was super fun to meet you!
looking good, and happy. Great to see!!!
7 screws and a plate? girl, your shoulder's on lock.
I see candy apple dance center
all Blake can do is jump. He can't shoot at all
Your true vocation is when you engage your strengths and stop remediating your perceived weakness.
We're planning a wrestling themed patCAST. Want to hear a certain wrestling theme song on the show? Let us know!
I love stoves with a passion.
A Bittersweet memory thats what u r :)
Learn to ride a bike!
Not a bad idea but no
actually i prob wont read ur reviews till u watch nikita ;)
man i want some oreos!
Everyone must follow my brother coolest kid ever
I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player
I saw.
oh don't tease. Haha
This is stressful out here,I wish my big sister was Here so we could talk n laugh like lil kids..R.I.P big sis Kia
Happy 4th of July! We hope you're spending it with the people who matter most to you.
when are you coming through? Am I too late? Not sure what you like, but I've been enjoying the bbq at Hickory Hut lately.
yeah can you swing by tonight i will have it ready for you
i used to have a spectrum membership ._. i like lifetime better
...getting ready to leave for Dallas, Tx...for ALA Midwinter.
Ohh oh I do not hook up, I fall deep.<3
birth control truthfully. No gettie job & she was told that was why. But she pretty much knew when she opened her mouth.
Fashion is architecture. It is a matter of proportions. Coco Chanel
Tickets start at only $20 for 6 Sundays at Sanders Theatre. Get your tickets now for our March 25th concert
Orlando city is up 5-0 on us, and I don't hear a word coming out of their supporters. Also we have more chants than them
I love driving my dads Honda Fit. Shifting is so much smoother.
Do you have a #dream for the #future? Kids are our future. Thats why started Dreams for Kids - a #youth #empowerment program.
RT All my girls pretty. 😘❤
#CLIPPERS Safe Travels.. Bring home the chip!!
#TheBestThing tht could happen to me right now..is to B in my hometown with my siblin'z nd Mom <3
Rusted Truck is brewin the BBQ!! Cmon out!
my pleasure...love reading your content, so keep up the great shares! :)
No my boss just called... Brian we need u to work double shift!!
this is talking about when I wasn't handicapped hahaha
Music is the universal language of mankind.
Welcome to University of Miami - the latest addition to the Ares family of subscribers at Atlas Systems!
When are you going? & I arrive in late May for 9 days.
I don't know :| but we're playing the last stop at jammin java on March 10th!
It feels good doesn't it? RT : It's "Unsubscribe Monday" - when I unsubscribe from all that spammy email cluttering my inbox.
Take a shot for me
m sounds good to me
also finally read THE ORCHARD by Weir - past galley state but a great, bittersweet memoir
ENT: Mass Effect 3: The end is the end
Herd away, man. Could use some GPS support :) "Just herding the digital cats Bro!"
Haha! We film the new commercial in 2 weeks!
Friday is right behind you..it's coming! lol
The weekend is here...what are you going to do to make it memorable?
Aw come on. Don't hate on our commercials :)
Sex | Marriage | Relationships | Love .... What's the big deal? Come hear tonight
Tonight and Saturday at 7:30pm. We
That's party + park incase you didn't know… that's what all the kids are calling it these days
Worldwide, Type 2 diabetes ha doubled since 1980. A diabetes tsunami among young people is on horizon. Miracle cure: diet and exercise.
The world needs more people with heart.
So so true. Did you grab that from the ebook?
I can't decide what's more embarrassing, Huntsman's Nirvana reference or the yuppie DC journalist tweeters trying to act cool in response..
Marc Pincus of Zynga says that game mechanics "will be the most valuable skill in the new economy" (NYTimes Mag cover story by Sam Anderson)
Who can you believe these days...
This shit is hilarious!!!
yeah you aren't
More than I care to admit.
Half of our parking lot at sc is closed off.
Life is to short, so enjoy every second of it!
Sibling talent:)
Thanks to Julian Oquendo for bringing us "Angel Wings!"
Woman of the Week: Artist Andrea Arroyo is raising awareness about the murdered women of Ciudad Juarez w/ 400 drawings: bit.ly/pMTlKd
"The O" 643W.31st St., Chicago, IL We are located on the near southside close to multiple means of mass transit as well as I55 and I90/94
S= Something W= We A= All G= Got :D
just getting a bit nostalgic traipsing around in Politics and Prose
I miss u. No more gf!! I'm gonna come out there!!
Proudly serving Copper Moon Coffees.
Cinco de Mayo and the fullest moon entire reading this tweet will ever see for the next million years...
Headed out to wish my dad a happy mothers day. He has been both to me after all
It ain't over yet. Let's go CAPS!
