Looking forward to "God of Carnage" from this September A barn-burner, for sure.
I don't understand why all these females feel like they have the need to compete with me , Simply don't & be YOURSELF ! you'll be happier ..
Sand is being mined in Florida to use in shale drilling
3 minutes stoppage time. Biting my nails over here!!! Ah
Watching airplanes at LB airport
That's Me <3
do the 'fins play in nfl? Does that count as a Giant victory?
Want to take a moment and thank the amazing healthcare workers out there. You all should be paid more than any athlete or entertainer.
Didn't think we need 2 say this for a while...Come in on this rainy day & get a warm bowl of our homemade Greek Lentil Soup!
I've taken a stand against any more articles about how much money Apple has, and what it could hypothetically buy with it.
RT : Finally heading home from , it was amazing turnout, thanks everyone for your support!
thank you.<3 I'm here for you if you need me too.
Well... I think I'm officially giving up on the paper day agenda (since mine is already falling apart). Google Calendar don't do me wrong.
Survival tip #1 always follow the blk guy! Lol
Milo Jaramillo's on KUNM as you read this! Tune in to 89.9 KUNM's All That Jazz, hosted by Paul Gonzales!
So that is just another excuse to watch the movie again.
oh you know it ;)
josh did amazing, but let's not forget was on base EVERY time. Great job!!
- Very nice work, Mike. Best of luck with the projects.
Join us as BSOS’s Jay Garvey leads a community discussion on “Race through My LGBT Eyes” on Monday in Stamp’s Prince George’s Room, 7-9 p.m.
Blinded by Fergie's dress
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: CBS, News Corporation, Comcast, SLM and Nelnet
happy birthday cutie . May you have many more. :-)
Is it possible to get a doctor appointment in LA?
Do u think 'Ted' will be your 'Citizen Kane'?
when new people come to visit,you can say look for the pretty house,,.great job
Good morning. We're having some trouble with the site at the moment but hope to be back up soon!
i really can't even put my feelings into words.
Good luck today!! I will be with you in spirit!!!
This new boss is just annoying, her voice makes me want to stab her face.
No, damn it Rio Rancho.
Yeah for Angela mentioning #girlscouts creating leaders at #caseasap2010!
Yup, it's always more fun when you win. I love the new stadium!
RIAA's Mitch Glazier to companies like Google = Uncle Ben to Peter Parker: "With great power comes great responsibility"
It's hard to see someone grow that fast:/ lol<3
I have a head ache. :(
Been joking all offseason about Ozzie being asleep. We still cant confirm he's awake.
Got my new phone i am sure everyone is
Thanks for the RT!
nigga trying to joke talkin bout my 4head an shit yea its big but them leather pant he had on was made out of beef jerky kmsl!!!!
Some great sources for higher ed news:
If you guys know of any singers who would like to sing for us please message us !
Thanks to the sale of celeb-designed shoes - donated $71K for ovarian cancer research We're so grateful!
Let me get back to you on this
Film featuring volunteers. The volunteers have been awesome today; very well organized.
AMEN!RT RT : God understands our Prayers even when we can't find the words to say them.
#edchat I'm actually working on a student eportfolio - anyone willing to beta test? :D
SUMTHIN 2 work onRT Always accept and feel comfortable with your flaws, that way no one can ever use them against u.
yum! (Granite City)
that's why I follow it every damn day
Staring at a dead body in a movie to see if there breathing.
24 hours till
RT : If you live only for the future, you will not be present when it arrives.
Interesting stat: most men after 30 don't have closes friends, which they talk to on a regular basis.
I heard Dick Clark died but wasn't sure how...
lol. I know ! I'm so lame ! My "tweet game" is hideous !
If only you were mine.
Want to get the creative wheels moving? The Missed Connections project is a chance to make and exhibit a film within a few weeks.
putting on a movie. and gettin some rest.. night ....
u asked ppl to submit photos of wildlife in their backyards & use a #. I'm doing a prez & want 2 include. Maybe #nwf?
When is the next book coming out? >: )
The 7th Met to throw one...in someone else's uniform ": Phil Humber congrats on the perfecto!!!!"
: what was the students' take on it? what lessons did they take away from the interactions? (so curious!)
Does anyone else purposely have one really bad food day, right before they start a diet? I think I set some sort eating record yesterday!
"Congratulations! You've unlocked a new ability!" -- "Practicality, level 1?" -- me
in the past day and a half ive slept like not even two hours. it's like WV all over again x)
#GOP doesn't know what shame or embarrassment is. Hassleback tried to trick the president & got burned.
Pain is just weakness leaving the body.-Author Unknown
RT : Not ! // YES, HATS OFF TO LEANDER ISD FOR NOT SUING THE STATE
It seems like there's not a straightforward way to trigger custom event in Ember JS (Sproutcore)
Your $20 and 40% of the total sales will go to Cancer! There are GREAT prizes to be won as well! Sunday 7pm Lucky Strike Downtown Be There!
Beautiful quote & spot on! “: "A winner never condescends, but lifts those around them to a higher level of mentality."”
Apple's New iPhone 5 Debut Today at 10am PT.
Is it awkward that I like a picture of this guy and his girlfriend?
Do u call your kids names? Come c what we r talking about! www.knowledgesafari.com - click blog!
My second favorite team is whoever plays Kentucky.
rt Johnny's Hideaway free drink tonight-tell Edgar or Kevin the password-Spider-when you walk in the door for a free drink card!
Hello Jersey
: hahaha, oh man. Excellent. A little weird, but mostly excellent.
My sister attempted to make salsa... FAIL.
okayy love ,well iwanna read it alreadyy ! ((: im excited ! /O/
Overslept a meeting today. Dammit finals week, you're really getting to me.
Degrassi - or - 16 And Pregnant - which one?
This wine got me on one!!!!....lol #I'mgrown
the time I spent thinking about this tweet.
WOW. This Teacher Is STUPID She Expects Us To Do 3 250 Question Reviews! That's 750 Questions! 😳😡😒
lil buddy? Lol, im great ...you?
#20FactsAboutMe I like Philadelphia even though I've seen the illest ish
A short inning here will be devastating for Texas.
I dont want Peyton to play and Get hit, He could be paralyzed or even worse speak like his brother.
Knicks fan for life!
Who knew #Barbie had SO many clothes! We're still working on the #BarbieCollector auction - whew!
lol you know that song sucks
Gurllllllll, you need to tweet. lol
Why are my apps taking forever to load :|
Thank you, Tanya.
Yes! Tied it up in the 9th!
“: Sox acquired Podsednik in exchange for cash considerations” smart move.....in 2005
true,i hope he keeps stepping up with the steals, he gets that defense like it was a few nights ago and with time
haha family? Bro ur "family" clowns you and calls you a nigger I'm only related to so you can miss me wit that
Life is very short and what we have to do must be done in the now
Hoping to go to my Lovelys house tomorrow. I miss my bestie. :/
See, you got a plan too:P
Nice! Another chance tonight to win #OrderUp for with the #HotFacebook5At8 Keep Track!! 877-999-1015
so legislators all "highly proficient"--hoping teachers, schools can use this grading scale
We are a professional iPhone apps development company in USA/India, USA, India offering custom apps development for the most popular mobile…
There's a smoking crotch joke there somewhere
cool. I didn't see that. Rather meet Bishop! ;)
...oh yeah I'm sleepy
I'd never heard of Estelle. Thanks for the tip, just bought her CD. RT : Estelle is fabulous! Truly liked her--and her music.
What is the name of the movie you want to screen, and when is showtime?
Anthony on 2467 was entertaining and personable. Thank you for making the flight enjoyable and keeping us safe!
Age is a state of mind. - Jeff Pulver
Straight Up Hustler 01
Accepted Students Day!! Going to greet future John Jay students
just saw & perform #TheMotto live. my mind, is blown. best concert i've ever experienced. is fricking incredible.
-__- i hate you<3 haha I dont kiss no one but (;
I ain't mad at niggas that play fake or don't fuk with me...I feel bad ...decision makin ain't ya best trait
What are we, 12? And I expect you to be shwasty pants by the time i arrive home! Or Else!
Till the death of me
Wonder how Ashley's wine tasting is doing. I just did a massive pile of laundry.
"Linking up and engaging with other organizations in social media is important." -Kerri of
Today I ate a burger for the first time in a long time, my colon has hated me ever since.
Man turn this shit up and lets get this W
Munchies with , this kitchen is gettin tore up!
How was your weekend? I my self have been extremely business with the C.H.A.M.P Within program.
Just BPMs. Now you know the secret! RT“: what are the #'s? Bpms and settings?”
was gone feel out a job application but think uma wait til toma..ugghh
I pretty much just do whatever Oprah tells me to.
politics is just another word for hypocrisy
Sounds like a fun party last night. Congrats on your new book.
Recovering from caring for a nice chow and a Cujo-like pom. Worth it seeing mother-in-law enjoy her 80th birthday. No blood drawn by cujo.:)
gotcha! Im with it. Let me know if you need any promo in our world we may be able to figure something out.
At the ancestry dot com booth waiting to hear if I won the drawing
I am #Forever Alone
if eagles lose, I jump
lol that was soo creepy! gosh at least its not real, of course that doesnt help much tho=/
twitter is only slightly more effective at reaching me than yelling out your window fyi
Happy Easter. (:
guys, what happened??
sadly I too am just not that organized either. I guess I probably should be more proactive and more organized as well...oh well:)
Today smells strongly of victory.
My family is pretty much pathetic! -_-
Adversity causes some men to break and others to break records!
Check out new exhibit #Crossroads at NU's Gallery 360 now through June 1st!
On my way to #beinghuman2012... So rainy. Palace of fine arts is hella far from Oakland.
I went through Hell I'm expecting heaven, I'm owed
I see why this episode had to be 2 hours. Clearly Rachel has… songs to sing.
hey can someone please tweet josh hamilton's stat line over the last few weeks?
Watching The Mentalist with Viggle Thu | 21 | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I knew you'd get it. Every woman wants a good game of checkers
I did.
. I can't access the link for the Martha Stewart mag subscriptions. Help please? Thanks!
He was at the door like it happens everyday, wow!
That's right! RT : No doubt #Indy is THE best sports town in the WORLD
#3day Approach Torrey Pines and inspired by a 12 year survivor! We need more survivors.
Awesome show tonight: Michelle Shocked @ Oasis House Parties in San Diego. Thanks
follow me maybe?(: ahh, it was so great seeing you on abdc again :')
#Catching up with Days I REALLY wish Stefano had been stroking a cat when EJ told him about the deaths.
That last tweet was deep lol.
why hoes get offended when you call them a hoe?
I hate how on one side of my bed I have perfect wifi connection, but I roll over, and I have none.
Thanks, ! Happy weekend!
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists?
Well, 's profile says he's "retired" but our profile says we blog about Milwaukee which we haven't done in a year.
As a notorious #iubb hater, expect a huge blog post soon on the ending of the UK-IU series.
Feels like I should apologize to the celebrity I was inappropriate with in my dream last night. On the plus side, you did just great.
hell yes, are you?
I don't know why but my dad got me into them<3
if knows what's good for him Buffalo will be a stop. #dontmesswithme :) Just kidding Jack <3 you!
yup... i was supposed to go to USA... but it got cancelled
just a friendly reminder about the 10's! Or whatever size they were :p if you dont mind :)
Holiday Cards.....does anyone still send them through the mail?
Twitter proves you can love someone for their mind.
:) im bored
My condolences to the family of Troy Davis in their time of bereavement. My prayers are with you!
Allergies are bad today.
what isn't manipulated these days???
need Young to step up. Sucks Vick and Maclin are out
Rejection never comes easy. A lot of indies getting over not going to Sundance this year. Get your movie out there! Find other ways. Go!
General announcement Job board is available next to the registration table.
oh my veggies!
I did not know that! But if he can help us win I'm all for him joining the staff.
3pm first mention of the
I agree with that statement
So excited that at this time tomorrow I will have pushed 'go' on our NSF proposal. #grantwritingwillsuckyourlifeaway Super cool project tho!
#StateoftheUnion -- Did President Obama hit the notes he needed to hit last night? Sound off my friends, sound off:
Car key broke in half. Ugh.
I may or may not be at bootcamp in the morning and - I have been feeling awful on the couch all day blah
sitting in theater waiting for it to start! Excited!
Hungry already? Text FacebookPJ to 90210 and you could win a #FREEPIZZA! Normal msg rates apply.
#ToMyUnbornChild you're only watching 90s cartoons
thanks for tweeting about
Bumping Dre...Ah?
Happy New Year to all! We are back and loaded with NEW opportunities for FREE scooter rentals for your next Disney vacation...
I miss ya ! But at least I have all your kick ass friends in my classes & more!
I have not.
A new era at dungeons has began The "New Madd Demonic Looney Rancid" era Has Begun 2011=FEAR
sad I was unable to attend Church Sunday, car broke down. we were able 2 c all the white balloons that were sent off.
you looked at the roster? Maj dc galleries. I used to work in the dc "art world" - recycles artists, no new blood
You see that a person is justified by works and not by faith alone. (James 2:24 ESV)
Fun fact! It is illegal to grow genetically modified food in Norway, and in principle it may not be imported not even for animal feed.
not yet , I'm getting ready to go out now
Friday is a day you can use the hashtag #askstate. No snark in that remark.
For the first time in like...fifteen years, I changed my #1 radio preset in my car.
I work with lazy ass motherfuckers. Either lazy or stupid, I haven't figured it out yet.
Time for bed. 5 o'clock comes fast. Ugh!
+1 MT Digital curating #fxinternet #sif12 was great success. Would be great to see similar at #igf2012 & HU
Pull it together Magic!
well I'd be glad to tell them they made a huge mistake letting you go lol
Hope all the negative #Brewers fans are at least finding a way to enjoy one of the most exciting baseball games of the year.
For the best For talk, check out ! For #WrestleMania 28 Spoilers and more analysis, check out !
if it is slander about a teacher or student or school maybe but they cannot regulate anything you do outside of school
me to!
My cousin almost got date raped by the guitarist for Maroon 5 but she's smart...she got away
Thanks. No one knows how he died either. Someone found him in his apt, lying on the floor dead. He was just 46. ;(
I've got plans tonight but ill let you know when I'm home!
added sethyg to follow. good fella, in the know on things i hope to be in the know on.
50% chance of achieving your goals if you write them down. Developing an action plan on the goals means you will probably achieve them.
doing well. You must be just waking up?
Oranges, apples, & pears, oh my! Shoot some 'still life'. Check your lighting & shadows & make sure it's what you want. Is it a masterpiece?
Monday #happylist: good job, easy commute, wedding to do done, homemade iced coffee, city skyline in silhouette from light fog.
those shoes are so junior high aha
yup. Just a fix it though. My speeding ticket arrived yesterday. And what is
why did i foresee you Favoriting my MDP tweet haha
so mad I missed you at the event!! Next time! xoxox
Yuhhhhhhhh!!!!!! WIN! some bogus calls, but well done boys! #StanleyCup #GoPreds!
this is Matt :P
That because the democrats hate america
We loved the hangout today! (cc )
Having way too much fun shopping for maternity clothes for my #preggo bestie. Wish I could wear stretchy waist pants!
I thought I was the only one who did night cheese. At least Tina does it. Sad fact: Night cheesed after Ted Leo on Weds.
it's telling that not one of the commenters or links mentions her name, or people wondering if she has a place to live.
Pro on the Go cancelled. I'm off till next year!!! Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!!!
Aw why only one song i want more
its so obvious how hard your trying to look cool. slow it down hot shot.
do anybody know how she committed suicide?.
When you allow yourself to communicate openly with love and a willingness to be seen, magic happens. Xo, kerry
Hey u did ya find ur keys? If not check the trash. Hope u find them. Let me know, just because please or I'll worry.
nope not yet lol I'm ready for them to. Do you know if they have called anyone?
amen she didn't learn her lesson this last time o an that was a low blow what Evelyn said about ol girl being lft at the alter
- I'm sure you're connected to a lot of great developers, but if you're open to agencies I have 3 fantastic ones.
Two spiders. What the fuck!!! -_-
AVIATORS FOR YOU!! RT : I just registered for the Bar Crawl! w00t! It will be a good time!
Judge me, your judging yourself more than me.
don't know about you, but I always get upgraded to lady business. Always.
Come out for our OPEN CALL AUDITIONS!!!! Register now for a chance to dance for the NY Rebels!!! Email us at <3
gahh those tooth crackers! Hahaha yet they always tempt me...
I finally agree with you on something, Hockey is awful!!!
Anti-kickback regs interpreted as incentives to induce referrals for reimbursable business related to HHS services.
Per KS Humane, nobody has been able to touch this chi. I cannot pull and transport to NC.
its lose/lose. present/future regimes bad/will be bad. how about changing the paradigm & getting usa off opec?
McNaughton, Chair, #IMCUSA, discusses how value to consultants extends through National organization and local Chapters
Hey I'll be at NCPH too- do you want to have a drink or coffee?? Looking forward-
Like us on facebook
#ThingsThatILike : volunteering, helping someone turn their life around, shopping at the Pt. Loma Salvation Army thrift store!
cool! I will def check it out when I get home :) ive been meaning to do it... Thanks!
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Scrub A Can! All Caring Club members receive 10% any...
With a full Sunday of clouds would have been nice to get at least a bit of rain Since March rainfall more than 50% below average
I think I just text him and told him I love him and right after I text him and told him Im faded lol :-P
So great to see education applications discussed at
RT : Judging a person does not define who they are, it defines who you are.
i replied but i will do it again.
anyone wanna hit up the driving range?
Happy Mother's Day!
If you a top notch bitch, lemme hear you hollla.
Yes! LOVED the books! They did a much better job of sticking to the books LAST season, still enjoying , though!
Agreed. There are few things better than a timely and well articulated question.
That is so true. The more we pour out hearts into our writing the better our writing becomes.
We are open today and tomorrow normal hours. We are fully stocked for the holidays.
I have big DD boobs and an ass, all most 90% of whiteboys love a girl that is a size 3 with no tits or ass.
This Opening Night baseball game doesnt truly start baseball. A real fan knows the season doesnt start until the Reds throw the first pitch.
Omg 16 and Pregnant you're killing me. No one can be this stupid. If child services is watching go take that baby!!
Something must be done about horrible officiating. No calls on brutal interior play and light or no contact draws whistle.
I'm at the casino were is I'm at the casino
Tony Allen fuckn up
Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities
Planing something fantastic for tomorrow!
Whitney we will always love you! ://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14ivtcelIo0
Ready for this fuggin summer to start!!
nightwalker - terrestrial worm that burrows into and helps aerate soil; often surfaces when the ground is cool or wet;
Follow , a great local/organic food/health market in Goshen, IN.
Thank you!!!! Congratulations. I can't wait to see it!
Did you see that the scavenger hunt got moved to 7/11? It's a good thing, 'cause I'm worthless today!
"Suppose there’s an evil bastard out there who hates the web and all who sail her …"
So, far, Republicans seem to be dismissive of "evolution" on #SSM, say Obama is declaring "war on marriage", and otherwise flailing.
good morning
700 followers! thanks guys!
local network is reporting issues with node. i've contacted local partners to help get this taken care of as it's been ongoing.
today in school is just going to be a waste of time
I love that all the MLB players are wearing 42 today.
It was derived from street-fighting skills where you instinctively try to defend yourselves from the attackers by any means possible
Follow Back ..
That's terrible! Surely they can get it worked out for you?
AMAZING RACE 20: Rachel & Brendon have now another thing in common. They both have fallen on thier asses on National Television.
OMG YES!
Its nights like this that make me really worry about nursing school. Baby #2 is down but #1 isn't and I've still got dishes. Bah!
Gonna start my drive Comic Con in about 15 minutes. Yippee! #sdcc (escaping work a little early)
I miss you more<333
dont compare me to him you faggot. & it happens.(:
RT : Being single when you know exactly who you want. <<<<<
For what song?
me to!!!! I'm dying!! A few more hours
It hurts me to read with this migraine and all these people sending me paragraphs, why y'all wanna be interesting tonight ?
Apple App Downloads Dive 30% i March
praying that this weather holds out til sunday...
what's your favorite method to learn guitar? by personal instruction? book? both? or do you just noodle around?
The truth hurts, Thanks for straight shooting...
maybe Wisconsin can just be like every other state and make first offense drunk driving an actual crime, not just a ticket.
Happiness is being alive!
I hate when you think you have no homework then u remember it @ the last minute :/
where will you be approximately 9pm, and is it gonna rain in that biatch tonight?
# Public service announcement! stop CHANGING negatively during a relationship / engagement / marriage. # fixing expressiann.com
Thank you for being an awesome gym and allowing us to use your space for practice after!
Thanks, I'll look into it. I had an Alienware laptop that had some serious overheating issues, but that was years ago.
Makes me laugh EVERY episode What other #slpeeps just love Sheldon?
i was kidding ok. it was for you're attention.~ NOW WUTS JORDANS TWITTER BIOTCH.
We are looking for a few volunteers during ! You get love, both literal and in posters & prints from our artists for you time!
Duke prof (and UMD J-School alum) Sarah Cohen speaking about problems with local economic reports/impact studies.
Hey sweet cakes I swear just like that =-O Iost my credo ,call me! I miss you!
It's finals week How's everyone doing?
Follow back ???
Ain't it crazy what yo lady will do for a pair of Lou's?
TIO's marketing is working on new website. Next show 4/23, location TBA.
Join hundreds of smart, successful, influential women from around South Florida and around the country at the Women’s Success Summit!...
damn its been a minute,how are u hun?
and Rice to Riches (rice pudding) is good too =)
Go to my music page and get me more likes shooting for a 1000!!! Support!!!
Ready to fully learn to change the oil in my car...#wellrounded is the goal
Sat at Dobbs,celebrate Judah Salem Kim of STONETHROWN's Bday along w/Theory Of Noise,Michele Karmin,Leaving Midnight! We're Waiting For you!
Kobe must think Steve Blake could do what Steve Kerr did for Jordan. Blake is no Kerr.
#wmnldrs UWM SCEs Dean Arredondo stresses the importance of harnessing the power of women grads
Yeah I bet. That's probably how I will be too.
Its getin coyote ugly up in here, no tyra -rihanna
Production Updates: in pre-pro on "Natalies Lose Lose" (shooting end Oct) & just about finished post on the 3D short "The Hearts Eye View"
Don't burn bridges before you can even cross them.
such an amazing sense of accomplishment with doing laundry, slogging through some analysis of data... not so much
(Dale Carnegie) Remember, happiness doesn’t depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think.
“: Look for a video interview with coming soon! #IHRIMConf #press”
Hey! Been awhile. I hope all is well and good in your life <3 be safe and stop by some time.
Watching TUF, bummed Brysen Wailehua-Hansen's not in the house. But good to hear say "Man he got heart! He's Hawaiian." nuff said
Map Solutions:If we want to show a locator on a map and map it in our software, what suggestions do you have for what software/tool to use?
Maybe next week. :) RT : leanin on you for fantasy picks now bud
RT :.. RT : US digital sales: 's What Makes You Beautiful may debut next week with 120,000 downloads.
the bears are about to be the new Cubs
That's all I was looking for. Gracias!
Been meaning to ask how the Carbondale, IL show at the Hangar went. So?
wow! you're all high tech. and stuff.
Greetings, Happy Monday!
will make his slides available #sljsummit (will post the link)
R.I.P. MCA
Follow my homeslice to stay updated on her new 2012 acoustic & full band concert dates coming soon-BH
Yeah. But famous-ish couple RT : Huh? Like a husband and wife that are into fitness?
Couldn't sleep last night. So much on the brain.
Don’t you just love it when your melodies write your chords for you?
RT : George Soros is investing $1B in #cleantech, leveraging Silver Lake Kraftwerk as a partner.
the question is how much does Amazon care...
And I don't look at you the same no mo my...
that's my MYSTERY holy trinity. I'm not sure it carries across all genres. I'd have to consider that.
grats to coach kaleb canales on first win vs bulls. also grats on being the 1st mexican-american coach in the nba.
ill try next semester lol its too late for now but youre suppose to build a friendship first you cant rush it
#AskAriana did you know that Mariah on Pit bulls and parolees has t
& you got nothing. Oh(:
Pre-Order SNOCLOTHING'S BEST SELLER!!!! "I Hella Heart Sac" T-Shirt. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Best line of the night , nice brewers jacket I'm a fan went to a game last year I it was great
totes wouldn't surprise me either. Damage control much?
Valid point. At the booth, we heard this guy say "Yeah, and everything about this is 100% electric! No gas at all!" .... lol
Planning that next vacation?? W.bre.ad/08sb5n
We're happy to have participated in the #DC #NationalNightOut with
Gain 5X More Opt-ins With The Help of Your Subscribers! dld.bz/afhNs
I'm in! I may not be on time though depending on how this drive goes.
Repeated disappointments can leave you feeling defeated...guess what GetBackUp
Inc.'s (BEAM) fourth-quarter earnings rose 10% as the spirits maker's margins improved despite slower-than-expected sales growth
"OMG ARE YOU OK!?!?" "yeah fine! I just like bleeding for fun!"
Experienced some technical issues - trying to work them out.
Nm really. :P
I got to my 9am class and my professor sent us home. Why did I get out of bed?!
Go Download .1Moneyball ft. prod. By & via
When buying tickets for the festival be sure to buy a ticket for the Awards Ceremony and Brunch on Sunday! It's gonna be great!
Why can’t Democrats support a bill that reduces spending and permanently changes the wasteful government status quo?
There you go. Points in the paint.
BOOM CHICK $5 Now
those are my fav starbucks drink!
what Business or comp. do you have Senator?
Cmon Seahawks… 3rd and goal lets get it done.
I need a date to ur sisters b day party in vegas, I want to hold ur hand...
I particularly like this one: "5. MYTH: Cell phones in flight can cause big, big problems"...
RT : "The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions." - Confucius”
PickUpLine: Do you believe in free love? Good lets go!
"May all your troubles last as long as your New Year's resolutions." -Joey Adams. Happy New Year from Glenn!
RT : Just got a call from an Indiana number I didn't recognize... Almost grumpied in my pants
Are there any #smallbiz resources you'd like for us to give a shout-out to in future WebMaxed blog entries? Let me know...I'm all ears!
studio got me burnt right now
Yelling at my sister, "WHEN I WAS YOUR AGE.!.!." Then realizing, "oh, nevermind i was doing that too." & walking away slowly.
I learned that....
Brothers our value is individual merit not based on color, background, reputation.
Kim Zolciak and Tori Spelling . . . that must just be like throwing a hot dog down a hallway. SMDH.
Love that Team America is trending after Kim Jong IL died.
What would be worse? To live as a monster, or to die as a good man?
Right wing noise machine complaints about activist judges overturning #WalkerFailure -GOP assault on constitutional rights in 3,2,1
RT V. DiMaria, Peppercom: CEO as credible spokesperson? Not so much. Try your every day employee.
Eating soup with organic turnips, cabbage, dandelion greens; chips and red pepper hummus, some lox, and trail mix for dessert.
I fucken wasted my time..
oh yes! Haha. ;D
I just came off the train and girl was saying "who wants to get there ass whipped today" I'm like come really you asking for it.
You're welcome! Thanks for featuring the #MilwuakeeMuseumMile!
oh awesome!
Lying ass tweets..
your song "baby" You say Baby about 55 times:)
the old corkys
that's amazing so did they reuse them till they had to get a fresh one? I bet that's what us cops are thinking
": Humor is mankind’s greatest blessing. - Mark Twain"
A story you may not believe...otters running loose on a plane getting ready to take off for Columbus!! Find out all the details..at 5 and 6!
Welcome Sherry!
WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE(:
-points awkwardly- Michelle Ponton right? 2nd day there and look what I've done already!
thanks! have a great night
hope it doesn't ruin their team like the Vikings when they traded for Herschel Walker..."The Great Train Robbery"!
Why can't I go to sleep??? SO TIRED!😣😁
It's their protection payment.
Great time at the NOTworking event last night - thanks to everyone who came out!
PLN..Pls keep in your thoughts and prayers! It was announced his schools will close.His dedication to his stud. Is immeasurable!
The next books on my to-read shelf are 'Thinking, Fast and Slow' and 'Imagine: How Creativity Works.' Perfect reads before the last semester
Coffee later next week or early the week of 4/9 work? Send me a couple dates.
Artist volunteered to 'lighten' her but since that could cause more controversy, court just installed drapes to cover her
watching the Amanda show (:
but I like that acronym! Maybe try using PDQ. You can never overuse the letter q.
What's all the rage with professional athletes tearing their ACLs? That was SO 3 years ago-- and I totally started that trend.
Queens Brooklyn & Yeah They Wildin, Bronx Harlem & Staten Island
You are such an inspiration to my career Katrina!
Well, doing a french project.. last minute
Man Jordan Hill has been so good for the #Lakers on those boards. Good situation for him, he needs to make the best of it.
The smartest fitness philosophy in the room. CG Philosophie-The Cerebral Approach to Fitness
Happy Friday “Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.”
oh you comfy, huh?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! i made you a card.(: i miss you so much girl. its crazyy that i cant see someone ive know forever</3
#aggressivehookers RT : ...and my brother just lost his pants on Wilshire.
I don't give a fuck about you or youur weak crew
I'm so sad! There were quite a few "knockers"... there may still be hope... I hope...
I'm on love with your icon <3
i wish i could hire someone to give me a massage any time of day or night whenever i want it
dude its Minka Kelly! have you seen her?
Finally got to ride my bike to work and have the tranny and t-case out and separated...
What you do makes you better at what you think.
For those interested in #B1GTF, I first recommend coming on out--gorgeous weather--but, if you can't make then follow me on
You don't have enough time to let those minutes slip by..
She gave me all her trust and I'm abusin it right now<3
Good for you. All the best.
My Phone Battery Stay Between 0-15% . Dead !
BARBIE TWEETS!!!!!
the timbers "exhale" first half lead; "misplace" 3rd straight
I mean...I don't know about that
“Rock bottom became a solid foundation upon which I built my life.” ― J.K. Rowling
we still watching jerry springe today ? Lol.
You can instantly tell who the director is. He's a little more arrogant than everyone else....and gets exactly what he wants.
#HallPass RT If You Loved It!
if i was interested in requesting for you to host an event in the next 3 weeks who should i contact?
Get in the car and drive.....
Welcome to DuuVaal #Justin Blackmon ..Go Jaguars!!
My oline sucks right now. It's impossible to play with and getting sacked every play doesn't help -___-
News today on 2 big media deals: NBC securing MLS starting next year, and ABC keeping Indy 500 through '18. More on both in today's SBD.
I'm doing Uncorked in Vegas that weekend, but flying from Vegas to NYC on that Monday. Will be there until Wed.
Indiana has a big advantage with Roy Hibbert against Miami but who wins the matchup when the Heat go small?
as opposed to a production context, here the definition is about distribution channels. Girl interrupted was Columbia Pictures
Mountanins can't be climbed without taking the first step.
: I dig the pink suit man! You should start your own mens line..lets tag team.
A fugitive penguin! I love it. It sounds like he's doing okay but he must be lonely.
Work tomorrow, then downstate for States...
The CHEA Initiative is a national dialogue on the future of accreditation. Read more about the Initiative at www.chea.org/About/CI
yeah sorry you were the wrong person
Rain, Renata, and brief breaks to watch Luther on Netflix. Something of an ideal day.
I'm pretty sure its in the memory card of one of my old phones,but if not ill hit you up on here
these are the same people who wear white after Labor Day
LOL why would I think I was going to see a real baby coyote of the 4 legged nature
i've been so busy, not had time to respond to you, still LOVE your tweets. be well :)
is the best.
As if I don't have enough to keep up with. Now Twitter! Thanks, Kelly, for enlightening us all...
I interact with you.
How can I, though?
#2FollowersThatShouldDate me and . Bang me
At home wit my luv (zay)
#dearyoungself go to fucking law school, med school, some school. damn.
ok, just set the iPhone into the mug with tea in it, instead of my empty "amplifier mug". now what??
We never know how far reaching something we may think, say or do today will affect the lives of millions tomorrow. – B.J. Palmer
I went back to my Jordan 2k9 after seeing one of your old reviews. It replaced my rose 1.5s today. Straight performer
yes I'm on IE and yes, I have javascript enabled.
I am really really NOT looking forward to going back into the Autodesk FBX world.. but needs must, so here we go.
hey mom. I never asked how your mothers day was.
Okay, are ink and business casual attire eternally at odds or something??
Momentous occasion - my first tweet from my 1st and brand new iPad! Loving it!
- that is why I was kicking myself today. Granted last year's 6 hours down was there fault - this one is not.
is in the gym putting n wrk n a pick up game.Thats why she's the best player in the PCAC right now.
No Semin So Far is right up there too
Back to my favorite new study spot. Only thing keeping me going is this Starbucks iced green tea
“Strategic planning does not deal with future decisions. It deals with the futurity of present decisions.” ~Peter Drucker
and we have to figure out how to do it from 2 dif states
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by presenting Xbox consoles and Kinect bundles to the viewers.
I'm so motivated by my Spring Break plans that I'm going to go study..outside on the grass. And what I really mean is sleep on my books.
I'm gonna try.... I'm such a ditz sometimes... Last year I sprang my ankle and hiked on it the next day... I'm just too wild!
I don't belong here !
can I LIVE!")
Yeah. You can't?
Half time!!!
Recap of 's a.m. Toddler spills beer. Infant poops diaper. Infant pees on bed while being changed. Spill coffee. All change clothes.
and Ron Marvin Congratulations to all the new #IFDANYRisingStars!
#idol Joshua Ledet showed out tonight...I really have gotten into this season. I'm really enjoying myself....
You know you picked the wrong hotel when you have to cuddle your laptop to keep warm.
At a birthday party today, a complete stranger's kid asked me if I wear underwear... Then followed it up with, "Can I see?"
becareful what you tweet, your like me US property lol
LOL. It's almost as if he doesn't know what to do, but he feels the music and come heaven or hell, he's gonna dance. :)
LOL I've often had "Grade sixty papers, whattaya get? Another day older and deeper debt" in my head
Good Morning everyone! You prayed yet? If you got time check out... www.myspace.com/djnlyte812 www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/ God Bless
Getting 60 dollars randomly in the mail from your grandma?
You can order by visiting www.UmeusCloth.com ": how can I order a tee-shirt??"
Another great day in paradox...
thanks for the support!
I will murder you........in a game of who can catch the most fish
Online video stream?
The majority of college students are good human beings
It is futile waiting for an Amazon order to arrive when you never actually ordered finalized the order...
i assuemed she used the walkers to hide the alive smell. 2nd season was very boring compared to season 1. heard (cont)
how are you enjoying The Laws of Simplicity - check out his piece in Harvard Business Review
If you feel like there's no-one on Google+ it's because you haven't taken the time to find people via
I wanna kill sometimes.
And I don't even like Descartes!
Getting pumped for our Feb DubWars! #Love&Light #Spankalicious! Tickets can be purchased at Cincytickets.com! May sell out.
Thanks for the info. Unfortunately mine won't be done by Jan 23. Next year.
when people see # of behaviors comprising a task (tooth brushing) it shows how many behaviors we (may) need to shape.
nope not right now, its in the shop, I might have it later though
Who's your man?
Oh yeah. Here it is. Hold on to your hats. Always escape file paths in code.
"...'airport' denotes a zone and not a thing..." —David Foster Wallace, "A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again"
:) hey you! I miss you on my timeline.
it was blessed and urs?
Thank you :) >> RT : "Shower the People You Love with Love...
If all the bankers are meeting at Bilderberg, and all of them were at the helm during the crash, then it means they engineered the crash.
Also, Friday night is gay date night in Shadyside. These old queens are adorbs.
nobody said it was easy, but no one ever said it would be this hard.
I just adore you.
wow rose!! Haven't seen happy tweets from you in a long time! Ur makn my timeline
I'm glad to be part of this big family #Beliebers <3
#I'm #the #luckiest #girl #in #the #world!
In an hour is the #RoyalRumble!
Why do pigs like February 14th? They get lots of Valenswines.
you guys know each other? What a small world
Any C# Wizards out there with games exp in the #bayArea looking for a 12-15 month Contract?
panda Peyton likes me more....so just stop trying lmao and yes I've put ppl in full body casts
Our new Lovepoint collection is perfect for any occasion, stop in and meet your perfect match today! xoxo LUCI
What's your favorite LESS feature? Are you utilizing all of them or mainly variables?
Good Morning what's good who is getting crushed today. Lol
Girl I was napping.. up now back on my business shit!
yep: Sox are 29th in baseball for team ERA, but 3rd= for team batting avg (before today)
What's with the weirdly inappropriate c's the day quest titles and descriptions?
Picture please!! How short is it? RT : Cut my hair
Winning 2-0 against the Bulldogs!!
Oh shit. Peer pressure. ;-)
Come see us in the tech product spotlight! Ballroom H
FOLLOW ME PLZ
Milk expires tomorrow... guess who's having 16 bowls of cereal tonight.
You're preaching to the choir.
Think UWM has a shot at winning the horizon?
You're amazing. Let's blow the doors off Cactus, Garibaldis, Cans, Turner, MOCT, and Foster. It's a special day. Let's make it special.
Hollywood: America, this is Channing Tatum and you WILL accept him.
Tomorrow is officially 4 years older than me :/
John Fillwalk and Jesse Allison present to the Ohio Learning Network, U of Cincinnati on our Blackboard / Second Life Project.
Sometimes what you want isn't always what you get, but in the end what you get is so much better than what you wanted.
I missed u on Comcast tonight did you beat TB on full contact ?
Babe i love you <3 :)
Had the yummiest sushi & margaritas at Hecho in Sf!! Yum!
follow up
We just saw clip on you on stage; you look proud! “: def one of the projects I'm most proud of-USC-LACMA-OZO”
Yes... Why? Haha(: Who Did You Think I Was Talking About?
Ha, everygirl I'm done with you, yall talk shit behind your friends backs. Everytime I try to be bitches friends, they talk shit. Bye bye.
came from boxing . so tired but w'e ill get used to it ^.^
Best Community related modules for Drupal?
years ago I read the book how to win friends and influence people
's NEVER SAY NEVER is at number 14. Lets get it to number 1. #bieberblast!
lol i know:)
Thanks for following , Roger! My wife and I took the kids to the WWNP a few years ago. We're due for a visit!
A new day a new idea. Time to try again.
George Zimmerman Neighborhood Watch - mens hoodies
idc.just come c me
In the words of the immortal : LGA to OR--fucking--D
You wanna ride with me cause you said he boring! :-0
thank you :D
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow but im not going Thursday & Friday cause I'll be in Daytonnnnaaaa <3
Got a new 9-week dachshund puppy!! She's SO adorable!!
I know they look at you so angry when you don't get the ball :o
#amWriting at the Pearl Cup, trying to get something going on this new chapter.
of course. I figures it was the only way I'd get to see you - now that you're on the senate side and living in the burbs. :)
yea that's true. Should be starting physical therapy in several weeks hopeful be able to start playing again
eye roll.... but u follow me so what's that say about u? :-)
So tired! Where's my #secondWind?
I think i actually passed out after I responded to your tweet. yay for sleep!! ;-)
No worries here. I often don't even understand my own humor!
RT : #SOPA mentioned 488,000 times yesterday, 7 times more than Justin Bieber & trending in almost all countries via
Let's just say if you haven't been to golden harvest you aren't living!
that is until WWE invades next week with people from all 50 states and over 30 countries...
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous. Coco Chanel
What song from the last five years will be considered a classic 30 years from now?
Its time to go to sleep and my husband has the hiccups!!!LMAO!!
Did you know that Vitahl Medical Aesthetics is 1% of Botox injectors in the country, and considered one of the best Denver Botox offices?
RIP Donna Summer. Queen of disco.
This girl had the nerve to walk up in here without my shit.
Next time, u just stay on the computer and watch
ALLSTAR WEEKEND IN ORLANDO @ THE BEACHAM W/ RICK ROSS, 2CHAINZ, DJ NASTY
“ : was almost on Sportscenter #SKCNation” almost ESPN best of the best. Always best in 's hearts
Hey this is no Illusion I'm being followed by pretty cool stuff
10:00-10:15am is our morning snack break in Valley of the Sun Foyer.
Learn more about the Leadership & Negotiation seminars at this year's #BizExpo by checking out today's #BizExpoChat video...
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!
Thinking of the day , when you went away.
what are you reading? the dictionary lol
I'd assume other cousins were out of the loop, as well
lol don't play like you arent going to get it in at work lol
Mike Posners voice >>
#GeffenContemporary #MOCA Street art exhibit = amazing!
Seek Gods presence to have an encounter with him and to experience the supernatural miracles and wonders of God. Night everyone, GBU! (=
The Fray managed to make the national anthem sound like all of their songs.
Lol sounds tight bro u should come with me to get my permit this monday.
Looking forward to leading worship in the morning at 10 o'clock with an amazing team of worshipers. Be there to join in!
that would be a far walk lol
Thank you for sharing!
Nails did...
Yeah!!! Beach boys
What a brutal sports week, 2 #badger losses and now #mubb giving up a 16 pt lead...
Austin gift shop off of South Lamar. They have some in color too! They are usually out at festivals as well. So cute :)
I got such a cute shirt today. Thanka gabby gurl.
Keep piling it on these punks, Mavs. I want a 40 pt win.
God has a plan for everything, we just have to be quiet and humble enough to hear what it is.
office job? what is the world coming to?
Dueling presentations happening at #mw2012. 1 on e-publishing & 1 on online visitation studies. 2 diverse, but important areas.
when do we get to see the new Sparky?
It's 11 but the majority of the people aren't on the boat.
What does he have to say again... hope its not same old things about justice and peace??
always good too see #1s go down! Things are great! Hope all is well in Tulsa!
Cathy Norton: USGS & Cornell, the newest members to BHL-US/UK!
I can understand that, but give your offense a shot at coming back. Kuroda gave up too much, our offense can comeback!
Thanks, Tim.
sweet cant wait!
I am shocked to hear the terrible news. Junior Seau found dead. Junior was a very special person and he will be missed tremendously. RIP
Same , Wyd this weekend ?
high 5 for kidding!
Congratulations! I know I recruited a few of them. :) Couldn't happen to a nicer website. Yeah!
dm me that number
Tomorrow on : with charts on how the economy has done under GOP Presidents vs. Dem Presidents
Romney is doing the South thing just right we know where he's from so he havin fun and we'al like bein real
Slick Rick >>>>
my full name is Hannah Lenger and my personal twitter is hifromhannah :D
RT ": So...freaking...hot...UGH!" I totally agree, girl. It's super hot here, too. xp
oh really? thats nice me too
'...an Adonis follow through...' The Star Maker Machinery is humming full bore on NBC right now. This kids fo reals tho.
Networking votes at my favorite hang out...wish me luck!
Are you being serious?
so sweet haha.
Happy February 2012 Everyone!! Cheers!!!!
Understanding the diff way that leaders can influence the culture of an organizat. What process is needed to decrease the #'s of unemploymt?
It's just so great. I want their entire wardrobe.
NETWORKING OPPORTUNITY! POST Right HERE NOW! Post WHAT YOU have done...or will be doing in the Future!
My charger was in my bag the whole time smh now I can text everybody back
If you're not going to date a girl ecause she's "not skinny enough to your liking" then you don't deserve to date ANYONE.
i hve an interview at the pool place tt opening on ruskin ! (:
I freaking love how simple is. Payless? EFF THAT! I would be happy with cardboard shoes on my feet............... Erm not really.
Yes, in the fall. We most likely will have to go back for a little reshoot and he's got tons of special effects.
looooooooooooool mom ftw.
After Meridian? I think RT : What does "A.M." mean? Like its 6am?
I love you mommy :)
- issuing your invitation to burglars?
WORST HURRICANE IN MISSOURI HISTORY — water rescue ...
i wonder if babies and elderly people dream that they're desperately searching for a bathroom and find one w/ an immaculately clean toilet.
find me a job and I'll tell you the secret, trust me I'm a doctor
#Vegas VIP Hosts - get at me!
She's an easy lover.
I meant to dedicate my 1000th tweet to since she gave me the Twitterbug, but I missed it... So, here's my 1002nd to you Kales!
haven't had a different flavor in years.
Are you going to buy facebook stock?
I see I see you talking to them girls on the phone oh.. I wish I can tell em all to leave you along #IWishedYouLoveMe.:-)
Just realized how annoying people can be when they start to complain...
Very Doumit-like back there.
Not sore at all. Handled them like a champ!!
Time for a long day of work
Just say yes.
I can't fuck with someone who beleave's everything they see on BET.
Congrats on your fellowship, Annie! I wish we could all spend another year together in the fellows lounge!
Wish I knew how to melt cheese for cheese/gravy fries.
Whole Foods! Why do you have such good food and I end up spending way more money than I need to and drink ALL your coffee!
don't worry! it's like grits.
Drink water: No stress. No pressure. Just down 8 oz every hour and you're set.
We Do Not See Nor Do We Pay Attention To Dem Lil Green Boys!!! 2-0 Heat! Yuh!
Woah! has beer on-board? Me thinks we need to have a #DCDrinkUp starting at Union Station and ending who knows where!
Busy day tomorrow!!!!!!
On my way to Washington, DC to deliver Islandora training at the Smithsonian.
church was great! Now on to rehearsal :-)
and if he was to get locked up would he then tat free Me on the otha side?
No tea no shade! Love it! I was just vein' sassy w/yah!
Its been an adventure for sure, it is easy to travel with my job that's true, I'm lucky with that.
as if using comic sans isn't criminal enough.
American forces moving from Montreal toward Quebec have captured three armed British vessels
On my way to a Grammy party. I can't wait to see what is wearing
Attention. Someone has hacked you, bro-fest.
HOW DID U GET IN TO MEET THE STARS AND INTERVEIW OR WHAT U DO TO PUT ON UR WEBSITE DO YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR THAT OR WELL WHAT DO U HAV TO DO
I can't wait to preach Sunday! There is a life-changing, Jesus-glorifying Word stirring in me you won't want to miss Sunday
It's nice to be needed but even better to be wanted.
Sorry not so many Click Clack updates recently. I am running my first Half Marathon on Saturday! I am a nervous little bee.
MT : Hey #NASASocial attendees - please keep checking your emails today for updates as we iron out final details.
I did join, I was talking to someone else about possibly making a Mo' bro & Mo' sista meetup this month.
Woke up from a sickness-induced nap. Feel like I swallowed a golf ball mad of broken glass, which got lodged halfway down.
the mirror?
We enjoyed the show - thanks for the mention.
"I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the whole community and as long as I live, it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can. I w
idk but i'll ask and i'll tell you kk c:
fornicate with courtesans and acquire currency
Good. Just in time for the #badger game!
sounds good!! thanks..let us know how we can ever help you!
“The job of a coach is to make men do what they don’t want to do in order to achieve what they’ve always wanted to be.” -Tom Landry
Love you to the moon and back.
"Of all the evils which can be inflicted on a free state, banking establishments are the most alarming." Nile's Weekly Register (1819)
Jamaal Franklin!!! With the reverse slam!
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/28/2012 and was under her calorie goal
“: a old ass tired #lakers ? or a well rested #okc ?”
I'm not spanish/ Mexican but it's cinco de mayo COronas on deck tnite
Our original score for 9 Lives cat food has moved through to the National Addy Award competition from the regional.
Serving size vs. portion size?: From: Michelle Mirizzi, MS, Registered Dietitian Find out the difference between serving sizes an...
Maybe, just maybe, the Leafs will remember they're attempting to tank tomorrow night. Maybe.
Everyone was ALWAYS surprised when bad things happened, like the forgot the last 10 bad things that happened.
fuckin assome word...bot no...i actually think ur a kewl person...plus u love danes too...so *paws up* be well!!
So true. It's a good series. Here's hoping no more triple OTs are required though. I can't handle that again.
crap I'll be out of town for that
tony stewart driving for richard childress
Dear New TV Shows: if you have to tell me you are a funny comedy generally means you suck so just give up and get off my TV
#headshots w/ Christina! Fun snarky hip! thanks for the referral!
The lake smells salty
Hi there, thanks for the RT! We would love to work with you and the on any upcoming projects or events you may have!
I swear... I can watch the same criminal mind episodes and feel like I've never seen them!!!! They're so FN good!!!!
No way! You're going to mow the lawn now? It just rained!!! Guess I'll pause the #vo process until you're done. Grrrr....
I broke down & bought the Wacom Bamboo. Should be here Tuesday!
new motto: tomorrow's news...yawn. Been there, done that.
Trying to do this quietly never really works out.
Just wanted to say congrats on the CBS gig Jason! Well deserved!
Life's too short to hang out with people that aren't resourceful.
Nice. just starting moving, dragging a lady by her arm, stuck in the door. She's ok, but stuck at Davis bec emergency brake stuck.
Let's wait for the other contestants! #TobeRevealed lol
Between saying and doing many a pair of shoes is worn out. Italian Proverb
Waiting to see what Zimmerman being charged with...
I just shit myself..
Phil Galfond Wins $400K in Less Than 7 Days
WHO THE HECK ARE YOU I KNOW ITS NOT KATE BUT YOU BETTER STOP OR WE WILL CALL THE POLICE HAHA -caity
While shooting midrange jumpers isn't usually a sustainable offense, if they are this wide open it (as they are for OKC) it sure as heck is.
Tonight was a really good night
Sorry for the mix-up. Sometimes I feel so out-of-the-loop!
the same. Your girls are getting big
Yup. All is well in #Birdland!
my favorite song is mistletoe
should I have friut loops or pops?
Spent time in San Francisco today. Felt like I was in Full House!
hah. totally sent one of those to myself. read the last two in reverse order.
You can barely speak my spelling is far beyond your meager intellect.
thank you dear God will see us through ..are u doing ok?
RT : Reminder: if you're with AT&T and are hoping to upgrade after today's announcement, dial *639# to see if it'll cost you $250.
Hardly sober but ready to take that exam by the horns and show it who's boss. I'm blaming for my drunkeness right meow.
Like I'm not gonna rape you in the locker room dude?
<3 come and party with me over the summer Tysan!
how I hate them niggaz when I still support them niggaz?... but fuck them niggaz - RT
Swansea are a pleasure to watch. Fantastic passing. Arsenal could stand to learn from that last passage of incisive pass & move on the right
So apparently today is National Eat What You Want Day...??? Do I even need to make the obvious joke here? lol
overall I think you're growing up & all of us angels are growing along with you <3 Thanks for being my inspiration!(:
whatever, its ur lie tell it how u want, ur the one with the twisted mind not me *angel right here*
I'm not funny, somebody lied .
Cant tweet it 😷RT : what's wrong??
Casablanca Sucked Anyways..
Thanks so much for following us ..what an honor! :)
In houston tx and it's so hot I cried out for sweet baby jeebus!
Ay that's alright. You put up a great fight. Gotta let em know!
following for ya
good win by SF to start the homestand on the right foot, see you back here for the Redbirds on Wednesday
Leaving audition for Brut commercial. I think this one's mine.
are you talking about Austin?
Edmund SpenserHe who has learned how to obey will know how to command
I remember that fight, but I'll have to watch it again, been so long. Machida's round still feels most impressive.
Ay, must be the money!
Anyone else ever wake up feeling like we were born to go, and leave no star unturned? Me TOO.
That's gonna hurt.
Senior Purchasing Executive | Jobs in Taiwan
I Talk to You :)
Lol my dad is all like "kava, its ten oclock missy. Thats late. We both need to get to sleep." and im like "okay, imma sleep" ;)
Just a reminder to my fellow DevLearn tweeters, please give credit to a speaker's quote.
“: I blame Jordan Staal” I blame Jesus.
Sorry judges but #America got it RIGHT tonight on #AmericanIdol - Joshua, Elise and Jessica should all be in the bottom 3.
Vagina jokes aren't funny, period. Cripple jokes aren't funny, I can't stand them. 9/11 jokes aren't funny, they're just plane wrong.
I love my life, but sometimes I get so lonely.
exactlyy . and he knew his hair was nappy! come on now , shame on him for even bringin it up . lmfao
We're trying to connect everywhere we can to reach as many gamers as possible!
Our Services Include: Daily, Weekly & Monthly Cleaning. General House Cleaning. Move in & Move out Cleaning. Office Cleaning. Condo Clea
I never want to learn how most of the things I eat are made. I'm not ready to eat solely from my own organic garden.
Creepy. Though I believe my mother once had a cat that specifically asked for "salami" like that.
happy birthday!
Do what makes YOU happy <3
The love of my life, me, and the artist!!! Can't wait!!!! Sounds bad, I know!!!
that makes two of us!
So who the fuck is Ashlee to get something to eat when im not there !
can we also expect CSSpaghett3?
oh boy a new flat pet! Can't wait to meet tsk!!
LMAO! You're even tweeting about it now!
Can I hit it in the morning?
your following and re-tweeting people, but not me! why?!):
okay c:
Meeting with client today for an ecommerce site. Woohoo
Stay tuned to www.genxvapor.com for E-liquid announcements, gourmet US made liquids in flavors that have your tastebuds addicted!
No worries. It's been an exciting long weekend for everyone.
New Perry campaign slogan: "Let's have Jews in Palestine, so we don't have 'em over here!"
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel
Happy Mother's Day. One FREE mimosa for all mamas today PLUS $5 off breakfast pizzas. Spread the word.
I agree capitalism is SUCH an underdog, it never gets ahead
Heat playoffs game 1 is Saturday at 3:30, fuck everything else at that moment
My uncle and my aunt are so dorky, they're so cute together c,:
Europa here we come
Mitt says bullying other kids was just " stupid things". Torturing the family pet was just bonding with the kids. What a jerk!
haha bri I know who you are. And I will be sure to do so! :)
he's just an ignorant clown. He's just flailing away over there with his foolishness.
This ☔⚡ is gonna put me right to 💤!! Exactly what I needed
I always watch the Cavs never won viewer appreciation prize but hats off to you for great idea added benefit 4 normal viewers
In a more perfect America, the composition of Congress would be at least 51% female.
Already have him down :)
He sucks at it though
you could really use a body wax
Happy Mommy's Day to all you Mamas. Hope you have a wonderful day...
Thanks for retweeting posts!
Submitted my grades so this semester is officially over. Class curve was inverse- all A's and D/F's. Directly related to class attendance.
ok i hope to see it tomorrow
First st pattys day being 21....should be interesting 🍀🍻
Just saw campus classified ad for a car that starts "Single owner Lady driven"
Looking forward to getting Kit and Lee all hitched up tonight. But gotta finish the chores first!
I agree but I'm pretty sure my wife wouldn't approve. The kids are a little too young for that skill. Give em a few years.
Nice! I can't wait to try it out. The Google+ page says its currently over capacity, even unactivated invites are on hold.
RT : Photos of 's exhibition at the Nevada Museum of Art now online via
callmon that inner Peggy Flemming, I'm sure a gold medal is in your future. :-)
If he says he will call and u wait for 4 or 5 hours does he even love u?
RT Just reported a hazard on I- 71 N, using Waze - Drive Social
Who has the pictures? I can't wait to see them. I apparently only took about 5.
My allergies just staged a revolt mid-Writers' Workshop. I'm not okay with this.
damn I'm jealous! I want to go to Australia !
Please follow our friends at thanks
it will be late this summer. Maybe end of July.
Internships are open at Signature! contact Bryan
I just voted for Entertainer of the Year and New Artist of the Year for the Academy of Country Music Awardsplease retweet
lmao no he wont
The weekend is here let's PARTY w/ some #FF tweeters!
RT: Jetpack Joyride is now playable free on Facebook. I'm sorry you're about to lose a day of work. | Only 1 day? That's willpower.
Who has Skype?
love your profile pic.. what cosmetics line is that?
hope he's coming to !
Oops RT : Big Mac, Large fries, and a DIET Coke? You must really be watching your calories. Don't be too hard on yourself.
Well, we would be shocked any time. ;) RT : You know it's been a great ... when you're shocked to see snow in March
Happy New Year all!
So now I am attending two univ at the same time, it is going to be a rough couple of weeks till the semester ends at the one! o_o
thanks buddy!
Can't sleep. Lousy sleeping pills ran out. Bah.
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
Lavoy frustrated him.
5 Rabbits, yes that's it. I just finished a book about an alcoholic in Oaxaca so feels like I'm right there!
Then be, and stop putzing around with the mind.
My Mac is working on reserve battery. That's how much I love you.
I wish I had a best friend like and Lo !
Ron Smith is the man! My condolences for him and his family.
we can't wait!
Holy crap am I sick of the NFL Fantasy ad. Probably doesn't help that I hated that song to begin with...
Extended board meeting today to talk financing, fundrasing and vision. Great chat with Kyle from Ostara Group.
Took my sister trick or treating. Now it's time to teach her about the government. We'll start with income tax. >:)
Pat Pattison speaks songwriting! Watch these helpful online videos! W.patpattison.com/videos
There's a series?!? So bad! RT : Wow, I hadn't seen any of BETTY WHITE'S OFF THEIR ROCKERS until now, and I never realized ...
it was just the overall attitude. Some of the fly attendants seem unenthusiastic about working.
My latest blog re: National #Asthma Awareness Month w/ links to
My 11-yr-old nephew has a lot of opinions about Johnny Cash.
I'm very lucky 2b here I nearly died 2k9 b/c of laws a state threatening succession over #Heath care & need more surgery b/c
The thunder aint playin today. #lakergame lolRT : damn, this thunder outside aint playing around! it shook my whole house!WTF
I am not gay. I am a professional.
Key Note Speakers Include: Mercedes M. Márquez, Assistant Secretary Community Planning & Development, U.S. Dept of Housing & Urban Dept
Just saw some elephants. So that's pretty cool
So proud of ! welcome to twitter
Offensive to Beard-Americans. MT Would you have been offended if the plan to kill Osama was called "Operation Beard Trim?"
Never knew that an El Camino was the "mullet of the muscle car world" Thanks SCOTS
Trying 2 count sheep but it's not working
Come up to Arapahoe Basin tomorrow for the Slopestyle Devo Championships and see some kids shred up the park!
OMG that is so funny!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP+
I'm great. How are you?
Templates for 13 NSF directorates, plus NEH and Moore Foundation, represented in DMPTool
Good luck to my amazing friend on her first day of nursing school ily
OMG! Congrats!
Wow that last tweet was exactly 140 characters! Lol
Semester, myself and many other girls would love the chance to camp out to feel that thrill but we honestly can't! I understand...
I have a great re recipe for HCB, want it?
Gonna go to FIU to sell my books
It's #NationalVolunteerWeek! How is your org showing appreciation for the folks who dedicate their time to help you accomplish ur mission?
you don't like St. Elmos Fire???? That's it! You just lost a VERY important listener.
Talked to oomf all night
Anthony is about to reveal a big surprise on air - zenlive.tv
Check out the Fox news story in which SeiferFlatow, PLLC comments regarding the new proposed law regarding unlicensed drivers.
RAW WEDNESDAY'S @ CLUB ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM AKRON!!!! LADIES FREE TILL 11 $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN 21+
Apparently shit gets real at #BASS O'clock #WMC ... Smog VS Basshead
Dont rush into any kind of relationship. Work on urself,experience urself, love urself. Do this first you will attract that special someone!
An Audio Engineer's job is not to park a mix and walk away.... he is a part of the talent, constantly tweaking and improving his work.
yes, the best program, I love a lot=]
He's back. The crowd howls approval.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending ♥
Cano is over due! Lets go Robbie!!
plzzz follow me :)
RT : Whoa! Power's out at 49ers stadium!!
He said "don't hesitate to ask if u need something, I just wanna be here for you. And I think we will be good together"
ohh act like you have worse than a C...
One more week till i go on the cruiz in to bahamas im so excited!!! :)
Here is my topic tonight..... Do you think Roseanne will be our next president?
Toon were never gonna get a result at Everton but I am fine with 5th. 10 places above most people's prediction :-)
I'll be in Vegas this weekend at The Biggest Tattoo Show on Earth! Come out and see me & follow where we're headed next at kustomthrills.com
So who's ready for fall? Well guess what your boys Paging Grace are gonna be playing Huntington's fall festival!
You're hot, I'm not. Opposites attract, right?
Lol, I'm sorry Mardoe! We can share that #Laker love, but as far as baseball is concerned, Dodgers + A's are my teams!
Cabrini Green ------ RT Someone tell me where I should live in Chcago. I have needs.
No, I didn't *need* to buy 3 new books tonight.
Is going to grace us with her presence tonight?
I'm hungry I need food in me ;(
Well.... I'm here haha
So excited to meet Jessica Alba event!!
Balloon Shop >>>>
Did you know that Cary Hoffman was an Executive Producer on the tv show "Men of a Certain Age"?
the t-shirts or towels don't cost nothing seriously, I am finding out what we are getting, stay tuned.
#saa11 National Archival Authorities Cooperative in the early planning stages.
Warm. Fuzzy. Thanks Rx's
All of this talk about #paleo diet intrigues me. thinks I should join. Thoughts, ?
New members! Welcome Max and Colin! Come check out Yesterday's BRAND NEW SONG, and NEW MEMBERS!
don't hate.
Sometimes I forget...ain't no thang!
We will, we will rock you!
can we partner up on the #micahsvoice mission? Please check out my site, it's still being worked on. we can use your help!
Let's go
That's true, there will be 13 episodes to wrap it up. It still SUCKS.
I just happened to go into Motivasi Coffee this morning and they had a police scanner on. My family is now out of the neighborhood.
The Nora in Kroger . Great checkout and the friendliest employees
Wow bombshell
Sounds like a thunderstorm is brewing.
I'm seeing you in concert this summer!
please don't ever doubt my love for you.
Not looking forward to the load in / load out in the 5 degree weather tonight. Good thing the music will be hot!
that Rocco kids a sped!
I like ripped tights pero mines are Fucked Up right now
You think ? I Do ...RT : They're saying Zimmerman is not in the state of Florida. Maybe he's in Mexico? Lol
Good morning!!! TELL ALL YOUR LOVING MOTHERS I SAID HAPPY MOTHERS DAY BEAUTIFUL!!!:) <3<3<3
“: #backchannel not reallynot a big fan of eggs unless it's for breakfast!!” I forgot you got food poisoningeggs
:) Aw thanks your one of my most beautiful follower #MuchLove <3
First challenge For #Hot 107.1 Hottest intern Starts Tomorrow!
you and me both.
ya in college
TX RT Making Books Sing
Edwin Jackson looks like he really needs a hug right now.
And on that note - goodnight! ;)
Deals can create, transfer or destroy value.
Let's not forget the new God Forbid: "Equilibrium". That shit is SICK.
Lord knows I want this job!
Why Belgium?
he got 1 or 2 divots up there ??
hey whats up welcome to the twitter world
deserved to be in the top three, this is rediculousss
Gracias! Thank you for the follow. Sante!
Yeah... I'm moving out when I'm 18. This is bullshit.
let me keep my eyes closed.
#missingmilwaukee day 20 is about (who just taught me how to make a very delicious classic American choc chip cookie btw :-)
We cannot communicate without being responsible for the self, the other, the world we thereby bring into being.
Chely Wright - Chely Wright Taking Part In Charity Walk
I think we need to do this again. :)
Beauty is not flawless.. It shines even through your flaws
if you wore high heels, I would beat you by another 20 points at mini golf!!!
Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim has never beaten a Big Ten team in the NCAA tourney, and it'll hopefully stay that way.
Dinner at Winnipeg Delta? Good choice! The wine is good too!
We're going to tweet out the student nominations for now...
I just followed while watching The Simpsons! He is playing Jesus!
+ Scout Mint + choc pudding ice cream/hot fudge + candied nibs = AMAZING.
coming to America faf
RT It was nice to know you, but I gotta move on.
been ready since last Saturday night. Been up for hours today. Can't wait!!! Best to you on your recovery.
I always get a hard album to read the credits.
"Look at the cause, not the cure." - Brenda Baker via
Pls tell me how you get to claim "self-defense," when you pursue someone with a 9mm gun & kill them in cold blood?!!!
That's all I do is research.
It's probably yo mama texting' about how she wants my quesadilla!
always be open for change
I am so thankful for my church!!
": We're not close anymore, but I'll be there if you need me because that's the type of person I am."
Brooke is going to Austin with !!!!
Just had an awesome Saks.com marketing team bonding hangout w/ and the rest of the saks ladies + analytics!
She call me when she wants a change.
Save the date for our Dinner Under the Stars fundraiser Sept. 24. For more information visit rightdirectioninc.org
gotta check wit first
Stoked to be part of the team! RT She gets PR, loves comedy and is part of the #LaffMobbMovement: - FOLLOW HER!
Good Job LOMO #TakeTheWalk #marlins v
Today is the day I go to California!
So glad to hear you had an exceptional experience
haha yea bro, I still got two more weeks. Then I'll move back to over by the Quarry
Close and awkward encounter with the seventh kind - UofC MFA professor
MT : just yelled, "Get out of the st., stupid! There's an organ donor in progress right there." //where?
Total horse shite. RSL player fell down. Sapong had his hands down.
