I almost forgot we live in #ROC until this morning's chill reminded me that #Spring is not totally in the #Southwedge yet. gloves not done
Andrew just said he loved me <3 :')
Yes! I will be taking where ever she wants. Thanks for packing up the whole house!! I miss you..
As long as I'm a little scruffy
Fwd: Just saw a clerk bitch out an attorney
I'm no good at that game haha
Gotta pass on the good news!
Awesome! Can't wait to get my hands on the
CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU IN CONCERT WITH CODY SIMPSON AT CHICAGO ON FEBUARY 14 <3
Purple People is going to be mind blowing and life changing... I hope you are ready my brother!
- exactly. Let this young man have a chance in the league. Take tannihill or whatever them other bums that are out there. Lol
"An Unexpected Summer Of Growth For US Soccer" what? not one mention of the USWNT in the World Cup finals vs. Japan?
www.theeroticchallenge.com for a chance at 50k and a modeling contract.LADIES DONT LET THIS OPPERTUNITY PASS YOU BY
#break s ending was untouchable, Im more pumped for WZRD then ever
It’s only w/ the help of a grant from that we will be able to accomplish the 2nd annual Festival of Lights. Thank you!
Dj Mr. Roger will be live in the mixx Mar31 EMPIRE 6890 NW loop 410. #les go
Petitions to recall Wis. Gov. Scott Walker and five others contain 1.9 million signatures over 300,000 pages, weighing 3 tons
Bunt B U N T in perfect cursive. Anymore brainbusters?
Weddings can be expensive. Did you try Henrico County Parks? Just an idea. They have some great outdoor facilities.
Kyle Korver can shoot his ass off!
hoes talking about finding true love, bitch first clean up your act
Lol RT : If I Die Tomorrow I am taking as many of you with me as possible. *evil laugh*
has these people fiending for this 4evaNaday.
My parents need to be taken off this planet and be turned to dust ASAP
Well it's 11 pm and I find myself once again working on another website project with a deadline. This is going to be a great site.
#NF all because of
So spring games are all like sorta scrimmages yeah
Excited about the possibility of using FourSquare to encourage campus/community engagement in writing classes
John Daly isn't ranked in the top 200 golfers in the world. Who the hell is making this list?
Reminding everyone that we will be having a $3000 #Giveaway this Saturday night at our #StPatricksDay Event! Don't miss out ;)
Grabbed a beer an my old guitar
every day is the day for Elvis Costello
Finally got an alarm app that will wake me up to my music other than bad ring tones. Stoked.
that's okay, his was better..
thank you(:
Why fight, in the end ,, were all brothers in the same cause
Somebody tweet what Garland asked - I didn't get it.
so I just got really mad at this girl who cut in front of me on the escalator.. but I counted to 10 & felt better! :)
The Amazing Spider-Man Wallpaper with Andrew Garfield
": "...everyone will know that you are my disciples, if you have love for one another." - John 13 NRSV" yes!
lol looks so similar
Woww this kid is only 12 and his hairline is worse then mine and lebrons put together. Smh!
Oh, hi :). Flashmob next Friday the 17tg. Sign up for our mailing list on our website or facebook for details. Spread the word!
I'll check it out!
the blue paint has helped me cure my fear of water...
glad to hear you're getting so much out of it! We'll definitely connect in Orlando. Have a great weekend!
sweating that nigga for no reason
It's official! Disney Cruise is sailing to Mediterranean, Bahamas and Caribbean from Miami, Alaska and Panama Canal in 2013! So excited!!
Ehh, that's not too surprising. I hear that alot from people who don't live in new york. Or have never been there before. o;
You got it! Give me about 15-20 minutes! Thanks for tuning in!!!!!
Off to slay Trogdor the Burninator!
I checked it out - wow! Very well done, I have to admit. They should be advertising on our site to meet contractors.
Pretty pissed at the coopting of ultimate frisbee to make $ in the name of legitimizing the sport. So not what it's about.
Things I think at the end of the day: I'm gonna get 2 dogs, name them "Now" and "Then" and let the commands fly. Especially "relax!"
Karma has the Heat suffering a big injury since they had practically zero chance to beat the Bulls if Rose didn't go down.
If you need an app to manage all your #Twitter accounts you really should get a life.
hahahahahaha love you lily!!! :D
You never ask what's wrong, so I never tell you.
“: Our concept of who God is is so small.”//
RT : Tomorrow night we're welcoming award-winning columnist Juan Gonzalez to talk about his new book....
What a great I hope my vacation is alot better!!!!!!!
Dozing off
i dont have time for bullshit
: US debt to GDP 100% Portugal 106% Difference? #IMF can help Portugal THE US IS TOO BIG TO BAIL! //Now ppl use B instead of the F!
Can't wait to see you!!!!
stop working and come to Chicago
Thanks for following! I followed back. I won't hate you! I'm beautiful too! xoxoxo
Hello everyone! We're going to share all the exciting news about our upcoming products and website launch right here on Twitter! Duke R.
actually got a Great Night's Rest last night. Up and ready to go!!!!
Anybody posting the whole #ObamaUNC speech video? ? ? ?
ugh FUCK YOU spring break homework!
Now are 2 stunning bag collections as well as an outwear line to keep you cozy & stylish til summer!
Thrilled to learn BSPs The Samaritan by is a finalist for the Bill Fisher Award for Best First Book -Fiction
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. - Paul Valery
South End, actually. Warren St.
thank Danno! Miss you so much!
If someone hates you for seemingly no reason, give them a reason.
I'm so excited for it! Have you read her book?
I offered to catch because I always lost my hat.
If u want to read the mayor's essay just google bill johnson + trayvon martin. Its the 1st thing to come up.
fo real doe! next time paul or chris act up, im gonna be that guy. "WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE FOO"
I JUST WANT TO KISS A GIRL!!!!!!!! KEITH URBAN
yeah.. still suspicious of anywhere Texas. Hawaii is just too far from everything. I've considered Cali eventually myself though..
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Excuse You Mister
Not the best night to be a fan of Cuse basketball, RIT hockey and the Knicks
20 months or less :)
okay, good :) and that's good!! What show?
Justin Bieber On The Meitherweather Fight!!!! :D AH
GOP mayors help the community by buying tacos. Dem mayors run into burning buildings. Just saying.
Happy Birthday ! Miss you! xoxo
sorry but she's an idiot and her husband is a complete douche!!!
Thanks for the promo! Appreciate all of your support.
Beginning to think Tim Thomas should settle for the Boston cab driver.
Great seeing ya'll at the show tonight!
Checking out Richard Beirarch - Eon. 1975
morning chic - tried to call u this wk but vm was full :) HAPPY FRIDAY - can't wait to hear how ur doing!
lol I love this show but I was always partial to Dean but I totally love Sam now
fux with me on Friday then
If you have to get a ride to the movies then your to young to date lol
aww thank you!
Do wat i tolded u to do
Loving this article, would love to see it become a broader series. Always interested to know what brands are doing with bloggers.
Actually I'm a minor too. I'm 14. So you are a sex offender.
An author success system is a master plan, like a road map
So, people, can we finally now agree that we should rely only on Robe Lowe for all breaking news?
Did I also fail to mention we are now serving Yuzu which is a crisp and fresh Japanese citron liquor!
Good Afternoon People! Great day to make dreams come true! Live Life All In!!!
im posta b bringin mi cousin again but idk yet
Hawaii is callin my name
Why did my mom thought the movie "like mike" was called "we like mike" lol
if you don't...
This nigga rite here! ;)
i had such a HUGE TORMENDOUS Crush on him nd Still do ;) :)ILYShawty<3
Get back to playing team ball. Lionel Hollins needs to get on Rudy Gay's case. The Grizzlies need to play as a team, PERIOD!!!!!
Brauny with the turkey!
Vision without execution is hallucination. ~Thomas Edison
happy hour with free food and drinks to celebrate Sage & JDG's 1 yr anniversary? YES please. I'm pretending it's to celebrate my employment.
If you are looking for a delicious candy flower arrangement for valentine's day--give me a call!!
I just came out of a daze and had no idea where I was. Apparently I'm on the DART...
Must be exhausting to be you
“Nobody who says, ‘I told you so’ has ever been, or will ever be, a hero.” Ursula K. LeGuin
Do u mind giving me a follow? Got a quick question I wud like to DM ya! Thanx!
at the bar for the Detroit Drunken Historical Society meeting. When I get back I'll send stuff along
--I appreciated the urgency and intensity of your address at Fisk's commencement today. Continue in your service.
Everybody Turn to Sports Center To see receive his 2011-2012 MVP award
Wish the media would stop hating on A-Rod.
Dinner recipe said "1/4 cup flour, spooned and leveled." For a roux. I'm more like, "one handful..." Baking is one thing, but roux? Come on.
still looking for a new twitter name... any ideas?
Sometimes i wonder about her... She real?
RT : Just in case you didn't know, that green light means go, not wait there 10 more seconds. // Amen Sista!
Proceeds from fireworks sales benefit youth sports. Carmichael Beavers Swim Team...
The view of the city from Tompkins is breathtakingly beautiful and ironic.
Yes, thats what u need..the sulfide. We all have yeast on us but urs is overproducing (inbalanced)
"Let's see if Lucroy tries to bunt here." God I hope not.
it will always be my favorite song. always.
verily verily verily verily life is but a dream.
“: Im actually done doing #'s, but I can do yours”. Kk
Your teacher sounds inspiring!
Did you go anywhere for the holiday? Share your vacation with us . . . .
www.battleofthebands.com/morelikethemovies Go vote for us to play Warped Tour now!
How does your workplace deal with paper? We have all kinds of paper floating around the office - mockups, insurance docs, etc
yes! the objective of immersion underlies the convergence of the story/PM-driven ARG with the ruleset-driven structure of others.
They have all said something I just wish it could be true
awesome game yesterday!
Glad we'll have some basketball this year !
Hearing his voice :)
If you call my work, I'm the voice of our voicemail system! :D
Maybe shouldn't be called "top" commenters, but rather "biggest wind bags".
I get pie tonight! Prepaid pie, no less! (Bought a voucher for the Little Pie Co. way back in the day, and it's about to expire.)
Slowly starting to get that jungle fever. There's some cute ass black guy on the bus & I realized I know him but I'm shy to say wassup..
This mane on keys. Lol
Who could use a vacation? Text EASTTOWN to 35350 now for a chance to win a #FREE AirTran ticket & get updates from !
End bad hair days for 3 years with a custom full lace wig from Dr. Wiggy! Call for a free consultation at 855-DRWIGGY www.drwiggys.com
I'm seeing even more vendors jumping on the "#marketingautomation" bandwagon when they are no where near a category fit. Customers beware!
Saying "free" someone when they're in jail doesn't shorten their sentence.
is in the lab, doing her thing :) #DoWork So excited have her back.
#Ravens 7th best DB just became starter for #Panthers. Haruki has 0 career INTs in 56 games. Just another guy
Hate is misguided love
Hey evany, how can I get to sing a song with me some time? Note: I don't really know her. We have friends in common though.
Beatnik Brother Bongo! You were sorely missed.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not always annoyed by things, but when people don't shut up on a consistent basis, I am
Should have been a red card and PK.
you are welcome!
I had a great time at #Porgy&Bess ! Audra Mcdonald and Norm Lewis were incredible!
If I have no makeup, sweats, and my hair up in front of you and don't care, you know im comfortable with you <3
what happened?
Happy Birthday Bruce Lee!
im proud of some of the females i went ta skoo wit. sum of u others r a dissapointment and shame lol
Tbh. I voted or him to go to NY because that's closer to where I live ...
Watching uconn with chris murphy and Joe Courtney. Still rather be in CT tonight...
Knox or Ford?
That's so mean. Why do you hate me?
so, web development tweeps, what is your least favorite part of web development?
black leather, crocodile embossed. and red carpet (not that you asked).
This shaping up to be the longest week ever!
Nice going to a ball game and not having to worry about taking the boat back over.
thanks for the #FF mention
Just had some of my new friend, Adimier's homegrown shitake mushrooms.
your new avatar makes you look like a rapper in the Eastern Block
NBC Sports Net
Loved playing last night with Mauro Picotto at Vanguard! Tonight i'll be at Crimson in Hollywood with Italoboyz. Can't wait! <3
Through You LIVE in Jacksonville Beach Tonight! Follow throughyouworld and come check out the show!
"Jeezy like to drank! Jeezy like to smoke! Jeezy like to mix arm & hammer wit his coke!"
😲 you want to be married already? My boyfriend has asked me 3 times already... I'm not ready. If I could trade you, I would!
RT : Having more birthday cupcake...lol (@ indulj) <---Kim keeps getting finer with time - we love u Kim!!
Nine first half steals. Season high is 13 set 12/27 vs MIN.
It's fun watching my mom and Tia and Tio work together in a office ❤
2 cups of coffee + 2 donuts = daily calorie allotment before 9:30 am.
Church was awesome!!! Never substitute spiritual growth for your own self desires
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYKENNY (: tell your brother Desiree said happy birthday (: <3
I'm sick of seeing these "follow and gain a 100 followers" just stop it never happens.
#acrl101 Thanks for providing breakfast! Much needed and appreciated
I totally agree!
Abuelita has put me to work knitting camouflage berets. She's a trendy G-ma. It makes me miss !
hahahaha omg can you tell bob im sorry?
Just at Frontrow legal's sports, media breakfast seminar organised by my Lawyer.
Are you excited to get your braces off Austin?!?! 😊
Sometimes I think I should've stuck with watercolor: It's sloppy, it's messy, it's almost never perfect.
If you're impersonating Lady Gaga on Twitter, please, sit down.
Not Dead Yet!
One more day of work and off to the northwoods with the fam!
my friend and I passed through macy looking for ur pad but we couldnt find it lol
do us a big favor and drop dead
my amazing interview! It'll be a major hit!
I really don't depend on people like that cause I always get hoed.
at least I have rhythm 😂😂
omg loving my kindle more and more every second
It has been a busy, busy time at work. So busy, in fact, that I haven't been on Twitter or Facebook much.
Oxymoron of the day..Louisville fan calling a UK fan an idiot.
Happy Valentine's Day, love :*
react like an infant whenever you are mentioned
The cards don't really deserve to win the game at this point. But it's sure fun to watch then keep fighting anyway
"I desire to do your will, my God; your law is within my heart." (Psalm 40:8)
I got hell of em bro and bet dat
the YA is sorta like Fame-meets-Gossip Girl. There are some typos that bothered me, but they were some of the first books
Happy Birthday, jasmine.
I want the new
we'd get in a lot more accidents and intersections would work a lot less efficiently and some people would never get through
RT Bulls win!!!
She's channeling a little Bill Frisell
Why won't my System.Collections.Specialized.OrderedDictionary downcast to IDictionary<string,string>?
So, how bad is UCONN gonna be next year? Especially considering they had 2 lottery picks & 1st rounder last year.
most swimmers don't have jobs..but when they do, it's related to the swimming world.
I think I need a Ginobli Jersey.
what inspired you to write 'sing'? ...killjoys forever...
RT In today's mail, health insurance cards. What a concept. [What timing. Get well soon, I need my nemesis]
Damn regionals is the day of graduation Fuck
We specialize in wines, but we also sell all the necessities to make all the perfect cocktails! Stop by to check it out!
RocLyfe Ent. will be releasing Poitier's video "99 percent" this week from his video mixtape 2nd Coming....stay tuned
Thanks for the RT and Happy Friday!
Looking at a picture of a guy on the internet and thinking his penis veins are probably knotted like friendship bracelets.
That moment when you make eye contact with a dog then he slyly smiles and nods to let you know hes secretly a tiny man in a dog costume!
bring that umbrella. Do home showings go better on a rainy day?
I think he would be a pass catching upgrade over O'Connell or Maneri. Moeaki is your 1. Boss is your 2. You need a solid 3.
u stupid lol
Don't miss our show this Thursday! 8pm - 1am
do they have a penny in them
Im starting to get piss at twitter.
"Easter" is not a word. The correct way to say it is "more east"
I'd be honored if you did
The boys of ticked the stage tonight at their performance. Great job <3
Check us out. We are distributing drug detection tools to families who want to monitor their homes. FB coalition for a drug free home.
at work. not working. dont tell my boss. if you see him :o)
You rule, you know it
LSU&#39;s success at DT speaks for itself
Zig Ziglar at #ewomen2010 encouragement is the fuel on which hope runs. He is awesome!
We hope this finds you in good spirits!!!!
I love your comedy and your wit. Not too bad with the ladder too! I enjoy coming out to ROE over and over again.
Little beats having breakfast for dinner.
#RejectedPickupLines Do you have a boyfriend? [No] Want one? [Yes] Well,when you want a MANfriend, come and talk to me.
Welcome back! Really hoping to see you play this season! #EndTheLockout #Please!
Summer Reading beings today!! Visit your neighborhood branch to sign the kids up!
It's too cold for some, certain people, to get out of bed and join me for
Had a long practice. 😔
Hmm, wonder if #Romney might run as a 3rd party candidate.
I wanna be there
OMG, I'm going on live stream for your updates. I may even watch.
you know it kid! #Freedom #Party #Reclaims the
When I'm feeling lonely and all I need is you, I look up at the sky and know, that somewhere out there, you're under it too. <3
Can't wait for tomorrow ♥
Indeed. You rang? RT : “: Well kept Ques exist?” | Yes. cc:
#DearNewCoach: Can we defer sometime? Thanks!
King Taco, Grad Night, Junior Unity, Ears Pierced, Graduation, Sisters Baptism, Party then 2weeks later Minnesota!
Official Social Media announcement: I will be spending the summer in Seattle, interning for !
go on tinychat with me & syd
Derek Jeter is player of game cuz he has more juice then Picasso has paint.
Awww! Thanks for thinking of me!
Malachi 3:6a - For I am the LORD, I change not ~ I need my LORD that never changes.
Sculpture and lights
fa real, u she is the truth.
Lots of free genealogy information about Upstate New York at www.unyg.com (blog too.)
Playing ESG in a Brooklyn bar with Erin D. This night is going to get wild.
Thanks! I'd forgotten to bookmark it and the only thing I remembered was the Denver Post assoc. but the LOC makes more sense.
Is all good
S/O TEAM1579 ...
Happy to get in 40 miles this week. Back on track. (no pun intended)
traveling somewhere, mini vacation
I agree to this because our tendency is always to look down when using our phone :-)
:: Sound Off is next on Live with The question: Will endorsements make a difference in the Democratic primary recall election?
me either
: sending some sugar back to u ;)
Thanx for the follow. I love your confidence. I expect to be the next J K Rowling.
RT : Who're you most excited to see? We can't wait for Charlize Theron, Angelina Jolie, Emma Stone, Michelle Williams, Kate...
RT Hey China dolls, go follow and
WHY You Change Yoo Name Beautiful ..
I think I'm the good luck charm. What do you think?
Awesome Crocodile Photos Taking pictures of crocodiles in the wild is
wether you liked the original or not, there's no freakin reason they should have remade Total Recall.
: such a fail. also they failed to mention AJ McLean's alter ego Johnny No-Name. Though props for the 2gether part
whats jordan jansen's numeber i got so confused when he tweeted it
I wasn't using Drop Box originally. The Mac I installed DayOne on, it go installed before drop box.
Last day of early-bird ticket sales! Last day of early-bird ticket sales! And, uh, I'm almost sold out. If you want a ticket, get one.
cause we need to check with that we aren't crazy. you're right though, we wonder the same thing but do it anyway.
Thanks for a wonderful conference. My brain is still spinning. In a good way!
and Dylan
You too :) Say hi to Fozzie for me!
#JustSaying THANK YOU to all customers, clients, fans and supporters! Appreciate your #tea love & commitment to
aha yea:)
its time feed the lil noodlew her chicken noodle
Also a hazard of working from the circus.
D Wade is good, great sometimes. But would you rather have him or Westbrook? Durant has better end of that one...DW disappears.
​The sky is nice and blue but the landscape is quite bare and brown. Nothing else around really
on tumblr and tired!
The World's Most Underrated Beverages: Ginger Ale, Cream Soda, Root Beer, Cherokee Red, Fago Red Pop (the strawberry flavor)
:( the last giant gold fish from the fair has past on
Goin to bed finally Wen mad my bestie always cheers me up!
One just climbed onto the dumpster.
RT : THUNDER/KNICKS FINALS!!! Unlikely but That would be interesting
The casino jumping.
You're awesome! Go you! The cake is a lie! etc.
alright then we can be gfs on twitter lol
having contractions but no labor! Hopefully sometime this week! Due date is next sat so hopefully before then:)
Trying to remember what punk song some line is from, realizing it's lyrics from a Drake song.
Great discussion with GCC tonight: reflecting my not-so-sweet memory of the education system in China.
lmao I forgot about that!!! You guys did rock that shit pretty hard lol
I may not be there yet, but I'm closer than I was yesterday.
#nwill2011 James Grimmelman "laboratorium"? blog- critical of standards used in Hathitrust for orphan works
The parking lot at Miller Park, far as I know.
First day of class is going well so far. The Danes have the strangest sense of humor though.
Happy Labor Day from the A.Y.S. Family!!!!
No matter what stress the work day brings...leave it at the door when u get home. Your family deserves the best u..not leftovers <3
Get dinner before the shows on Friday and Saturday nights! Their food truck will be across from the
but of course! What did you think?
understandable! I usually try to get some friends together to ignore it in solidarity!
Hey Malik, Imma need one of those fly rosaries
yeah did too
RT : Q5: In addition to professioanl development, is it beneficial to have a Master’s degree? Why?
Hate when im sitting at lunch and a group of people decide to turn around to look at me..kinda obvious ur talkin about me..lol
make another account!
free fallin is good but I'd go with a diff petty song "into the great wide open" or dream on by Aerosmith. Classic ender song.
Sittin' toasted by the fire.. enjoying one of the last summer nights
I'll need an autograph at that time
Just seen the Boo Thang...
Until I try... I'll never know
And plus, you couldn't have thought the Thunder would continue to be blistering hot from long 2s all series.
YOU LOOKING FOR GREAT MUSIC? WELL THEN YOU MUST FOLLOW THE BEST BAND --->> <<---
New Alternatives Insurance App coming soon for all smart phones
Just me - well, and three humans, a dog, and a cat. But I am the only bird here, unless you count all of my outside friends.
Off to bed! Can't wait till I'm laying on the beach in 7 days
hahaha I hate myself a little bit, but I can't help it. I blame this week's SNL.
yayyyy! Good job see you tuesday babe!
If you only try to please everyone else, you will not have time to please the one who matters...YOURSELF!
Yeah like u said Austin Mahone used to live in Omaha. I DM'd him about it. He said there was 0 truth to it. Just leave us alone .
HAPPY BIRTHDAY OPPA^o^ I LOVE YOU!♥
Dammit, I thought today would be the first day that my twitter wasn't overloaded with dick.
VA launches Open Government Web site with IT dashboard: The VA today introduced its new #opengov Web site (via )
do you have any tickets available for the New York Red Bulls game? If so I would love to buy them from you!! Thanks
Tweeting from inside the #WhiteHouse. Waiting for President Obama and the LA Galaxy!
Well played!
hope the session went well!
When I sit in spinning chairs I can't just stay still!
People aren't in the definition of archivist. Only stuff (see SAA def)
they played it at an assembly but i wasnt there, good thing
It's so good. I just finished Issue #9 earlier today. Really captivating stuff.
follow my other account ???!!! :)) i will follow back if you ask me to <33
to #speak abt #poker #technology #business & his new #gaming company this spring. DM us about your next #conference #event RT
Some friends of friends recently opened and I've heard good things!
818-626-1715 Dennis. He will give u cash for a phone conversation. He said something about shows or music.
I wanted you so bad, I'm so through with that.
I'll be driving up, so I'll meet you guys there.
Hey Nikki! I hope you have a great weekend! I am downloading new maps for MW3! Hope you take some zombies out! Take care!
How did you get the colors?
“: #kitchenpetpeeves Cooks making belts out of plastic wrap - are you Jethro Clampett?” Sunday I was! Lol
Peeps ask me if my 6-year old niece is my daughter. She's a lot like me! You do NOT look old enough for 12-yr old - no worries! :)
I Hate Losing More Than I Llike Winning
HAPPY THANKSGIVING
It's only wednesday.... Ugh
According to ESPN Top100 NBA Draft prospects, Jordan Taylor & Robbie Hummel won't be picked. Hard for me to believe they aren't NBA material
Changed tv plan to lower my payment. But Now I have a channel that plays my fav show of all time daily 5-7. This is bad for productivity!
Sounds great! Thanks. What time?
no worries, what are you up to now?
I wish I could show you
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
So exhausted! I have never been so excited to sleep lol
is that for or against
I got on twitter just to tell you I think I'm bout to come to Anderson for a couple hours. Lol
YW Babe, get back with me...
haha I wanna make a point!!! The twitter no lives need to GET A LIFE!!!
My nearly 6-month-old son seems to be sleeping A LOT. He slept 13 hours last night & took a 2 hr nap yesterday. Concerns?
I'm using that on air and I'll give you a shout out for that
"my good friends call me wolf" where was that guy when i was single. LOL:)
My sister made the Jr. High cheer team! 📣🎉 Wish she would have picked volleyball instead but Im proud of her lol 😊👏👯🏆
I like Anthony Davis and he is what people say he is but dude
It sure is. I spent my whole summer in Montana last year. :)
Been without texting or calling for 2 days! Thank you dad for turning my phone back on <3.
My cheeks are burning from all this blushing. Don't get me wrong. I'm not complaining. LOL!
is beautiful, ngl.
haha... and I'm going again today!!!! Ok, maybe not.
My friend just randomly called me beautiful. Baha. Thanks? Haha.
Happy birthday from the levee! Your boyfriend is the coolest guy in our band for sure.
Although he has many flaws, i still don't mind
A pair of Juniors recently won the 18's USTA National Championships. Congrats and !
You're beautiful! But you look so innocent! lol And when you tweet you're pervy and horned up af! :'D
Eradicating CROWN first tackles from football since 1997. HELMET-FREE-TACKLE Certification. The ONLY science of tackling safety on earth.
what was that hahaha
Getting excited 2 participate in #BoardMatch tonight. We'll discuss #highered & how 2 make a diff in lives of SF youth w/
Let me know when it's up, I'm dying to see what you come up with. Also, YOU'RE AWESOME. <3
Spring Break = Homework?
lmao:)) You should text me sometime! 7930378..
opaque hot pink
Why, thank you!
you're welcome! We are grateful to have you!
Great ideas for the mother's day promo! We definitely have a massage package in there, waiting to be won! ;)
Thanks! The West Coast misses you too. Are you getting slammed by Irene?
Ok so your a girl about to be surprised.. Would you want madonna concert or front seats at cirquedusoleil Ovo?
Were we the only ones from San Fran around here? :)
RT : Drove around the Nissan Leaf for the first time and it was not what I expected. It drives like a luxury car, not a...
Thank you for the info. Guess I will have to leave even earlier :( Be careful
T-5hrs. until the #MADMEN Season 5 Premiere! Watch w/ us 60s Costumes, Retro Cocktails, Trivia, & Catch the Season 4 finale!
mar 22 will be in the afternoon
Nice heads up play by Wieters to get in run down to allow to score.
will never see eye to eye..
#QRCODE *drink* #QRCODE *drink* #QRCODE *drink* #QRCODE *drink* #QRCODE *drink* I'd be wasted right now if I was really playing that game.
let me know if it's worth a watch
Wow!! Orange Bowl upset!!!
CYO till I die
of corse I will invite you in, nice to meet you :) <3
Bender is baked
I don't. I'm going to be a senior soon....it's not cool.
/// Laker fans feeling safe to talk shit tonight.
My grandma should be a chef
CAN I GET AN I <3 My fanz!?! Please <3
Thank you! Appreciate it! :) RT : hey thanks for the follow - love what you do!!
May the Fourth be with you!
Thx for RTs and Both your parents evidently heeded those tips ;) (cc @)
have fun tonight and be careful! Don't be parking on any sidewalks like I did last night! Haha! :)
It's definitely the direction I'd like to move in. If only I weren't on my way to Chicago...
MIND YOUR OWN FUCKING BUSINESS!
All of our songs are rockin'!
Welcome and thanks for following us on Twitter
hey I was asking because I saw your last name is Squires wondering if we are related
back to the grindstone... two hours to go
Spilled orange juice on my floor...how lovely,now there's a huge orange stain waiting for me everyday. You know cause who doesn't want that!
Day four - everyone is exhausted! We had a great time filming at rock cabin and a terrific write up in daily American!
Congrats to CLT's Meg McElwain, Magnolia Marketing, on being one of 2010 Top Women Business leaders (Charlotte Business Journal)
Educated minds are not necessarily enlightened.
hope u got your apple bottoms on with the boots with the fur!
Another week, another hustle, Good Morning all!!
oooooohhh yeah :D
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Andrew Taylor ⁰Rising 7th ⁰Corbin, KY ⁰Travel Team: Kentucky Thunder ⁰Shooting Guard 5’7
It's official and are all part of the party/show Sept 30th LIVE from the Euclid Tavern in Cleveland
Good morning Tweeters and Tweetettes! Have a blessed day!
just sitting here chilling, in bed sick, with my cat :D hahaha no shame in being a cat lady xD
Hectic day of tour with my wingman
#invisible get em out. Both of ya
professionals like us don't just drink or send classic texts at night. It is a 24/7 lifestyle.
If you want a shoutout then you must follow me on my new page
Woke up late? Feel like shit.
If u dont want me, why be friends. FUCK THAT.
already followed
Cheap nigga if you was liquor I'd probably throw yo ass up!
Hu Honua is proud to be a gold sponsor of the Boys and Girls Club of the Big Island golf tourney.
We are here to inspire, lead, and create FREEDOM for YOU>>>
i really didn't care for his real name
Lets go Heat and Panthers!
High schooler walking down the sidewalk holding a pair of crutches, what are those for?
what do you call 5 gay guys walking?
How kind of you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH<3 ive been here since day 1 and am never leaving! love you! reply to my dm pls? <3
Deactivated Facebook over a week ago and I definitely don't miss annoying people who complain, creepers, and damn notifications
like I said before only way the Heat lost this year is self inflicted. No team can handle them 4 out of 7
amanda, let me kiss your face
yes! what do you have to tell me about?
Thanks for the #FF love!
I get it. I hate when I have to demand as well. Why can't people read our minds? :) Very busy. Good end to the month.
"Don't judge each day by the harvest that you reap, but by the seeds that you plant." -Robert Louis Stevenson
We made a difference! I'll have to catch the replay tonight!
It’s your day to be Santa! Be jolly! Spread holiday cheer! Don’t be a Grinch who ruins Christmas: Obey all laws. Don't leave a mess.
I'm now the proud owner of a pair of orange linen #trousers. They need alterations, but y'all will be seeing them in public soon.
Crap I forget what I was doing... it was something Austin related... Wait its always him related ;)
Never thought what life would b like w/o a spacebar til it didn't work on my laptop..Do u know how f*ing hard it is 2 get work done w/out 1?
I'm in. What do we think is the next step toward Waffle Sainthood? Petitions? Protests?
Those laughts that come out to wear someone's just yelling at you
Would you believe I don't even have a Facebook page?! I've been doing this Twit wit thing and leaving the other fish on Facebook
You know that kind of drunk where you're a drink away from yelling faggot or being one?
woo. been a while. looking to hunker down in the sketchbook for a while.
7th for the ultra bubble
OMG EXACTLY RT: If "jailbreaking" sounds lawless to you, recognize that it means "right to install the software I choose"
glgl, will be watching tomorrow!
his tour manager told him that it would be faster of he didn't take pictures and they needed to leave because he had an early>
hahaha good choice !
are you coming to exxxotica in chicago
That's how we fucking do it Chris Kelly!
the new Quaker Oats guy look like John Boehner. Lmao.
Onna mission to cuff ... ;D Bwahahahaha :b
I don't care if it's hailing, I'd probably still wear sandals haha
Flashback Fridays tonight! Serving your top 80's, 90's, hip hop and current hits! See you all there!
People are on some fuck shit tonight at 24 I mean who counts aloud what rep their on while working out by themself at the gym!?
I've never heard of a gun getting arrested for possession of a human
oh god. That makes me not so excited. Damn
“: #OzTip Want an easy way to boost your metabolism? Try a half teaspoon of cinnamon. It will help you burn some extra calories, too.”
Are my cookies done yet?
im 5'6 and a half. So close!~
White Sox Opener Today....What a better day to open then Good Friday.
Wish you tons of luck, safe travels and an incredibly life-time experience. #GoArgentina :)
Are you following ? Follow today and learn more about New York's newest photography art fair!
nah cause they want pac and Mayweather to fight
Being honest may not get you a lot of friends but it'll always get you the right ones - Junior Maldonado
one by one
you can never eat enough! I wish I could have brought some with me.
I bet! Enjoy it!!
My birthday was a week ago. My mom&dad never gave me my present....
R.I.P Herman Hall One year ago today you left us. I am doing what you told me to. I really miss our talks I love and miss you granddad...
I try not to do anything that I wouldn't want to tell my parents. That way, I can always go to them with any problems I have.
What are your thoughts about the #maxbuttons #wordpressplugin from ? We are thinking about using this app for our websites.
RT Dfrsh23 Should I go into wrk 2mrrw it is my day off hm that is more money on the payheck
Amelia Earhart is trending. I would like to point out that I totally started that yesterday. You're welcome world.
It may be raining cats and dogs but it sure is nice out as far as the temperature! Is everyone enjoying their Monday!?
That's all I got for tonight, folks. Thanks for putting up with my endless basketball tweets, it was fun. Good night Tweeps *xo*
My wine goblet I drink my juices out if is cracked! Granted, I bought it at the dollar store, but still...
Awe... Cramps. Smh the one time in my life I *hate* being a girl. -_- smh
Escape the snow tonight with $5 Cello Martinis tonight at Salute! We've also got a brand new menu for you to enjoy.
OMG. Humpday is a MASTERPIECE. Believe the hype. And, there are few summer experiences more delicious than going to the movies on a hot day.
Hi! thanks 4 following. I see we're in the same industry
I just had an amazing time with two amazing chicas <3
or dm me
that moment you gain a follower >>>> you know you get happy too
watching on SNL for a 3rd time
NYC Opera, after being forced to leave longtime home, on track to balance budget this year; announces 3-year residencies at BAM, City Center
RT There are many little ways to enlarge your child's world. Love of books is the best of all. - Jacqueline Kennedy
watching coraline ; textin' my l o v e ! <3
Well thank you. I'm so glad I have you to turn to for advice. What would I do without you.
you know where we're at!
Having fun finishing up a song called Fugitives. 3 more song coming down the pipe.
Is it counterintuitive to be a scared of a yoga class? Because I totally am. Going today...... yikes!
June Purvis will appear on Yesterday TV on 8 Dec at 9pm in ‘Find My Past’, a programme about the life of suffragette Emily Wilding Davison.
so nice to meet you!
come and get 'em!
I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
What the fuck is that smell???
Last time Indiana, Kentucky, and Louisville all made the Sweet Sixteen was 1993.
Don't ever forget what is worth remembering. Don't try to remember what is best forgotten.
& the rest of my Welsh family, MERRY CHRISTMAS!! Love you all! Pass around hugs & fondles, please.
#youknowiloveyouwhen I give u flowers and a card just because its wensday
need something to do bored as fuck right now ...
You bob for apples in the toilet... and you like it! #TheSandlot is rocking my afternoon working from home.
congrats to the most down to earth dude in the NFL
One of the beings grew brighter & it didn't hurt my eyes, they acted as if they knew me and wanted me to acknowledge them as a friend.
I'm watching Inception for the first time. I hope it doesn't suck.
Don't talk to me when I'm reading
What happened to Boston?? I missed the game
entertain ur self:do jumping jacks,eat a taco, say #she #sells #sea #shells #by #the #sea #shore 5 times!
My friend just opened up a monster you know what that means?!?! I get some too (:
I was chatting with at lunch today. Many good words were said. Just wanted to pass that along.
Keep your head up man, don't cry ... you're beautiful. :)
Congrats! Will there be a way to check in on your progress at the fellowship?
let's go celtics
hope u enjoyed segment, guess I have 2 more minutes of fame left
We shall not be held hostage by pettiness.
Although it's frustrating, I also love it when I'm unable to put into words why I find a particular work of art so appealing.
I'm not sure.
thanks for the mention of the event. We are so glad that you are part of it!
this lady has bunny ears on her phone
Who was it who told me I was a salesman so I didn't need any mystery? Was that ? He's going over the edge, brain-wise. Old coot.
i miss you
am I the only one taking this seriously?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 119
A world premier for some song on the #1 girl album
Maybe you should leave and find your own solar system because here on Earth the world doesn't revolve around YOU.
Make that 2.. One on the house. Happy birthday from Monk's “: happy bday you a jello syringe from ”
Wisconsin #Badgers QB Russell Wilson getting lots of run on #NFLDraft coverage. Kiper: "On a scale of 1-10 character wise, he's a 15."
Love it
Seating for t'row night's 8pm showing of GWB at is first-come-first-serve. Come early for dinner or drinks before the movie!
What should your network know?
No limits! No boundaries! We see increase all around us! We are in a season of God's unprecedented favor!
New Costume Plus Size Fred Flintstone Adult Costume
You go girl! There is no reason to play small. It serves no one. Each day you declare your intention is one day closer to it.
I would really like to share with someone <<<---need to talk
check out our other contests! Plenty more to come!
RT : hey are you guys ready we're so excited!!!!!
Lots of action, Thor had better storyline.
IT DID CHANGE MY LIFE. I CRIED MY EYES OUT JUST LIKE I DID WHEN I SAW IT IN THE 4TH GRADE.
Dude. NOVA is awesome.
prove it c;
It's Beer Breakfast Tuesday! Today's menu included Bush (Scaldis) Peche Mel which was almost a drainpour, and 21st Amend Bitter American
Me cramped in the back of a car for four hours = grumpy !
fired before annual bonuses? coincidence or managerial penny pinching? well all know the game of organic food ain't cheap.
I got the next single on deck! Its crazy!!
Thank you friendship!! Mp3s coming soon! Happy Bday 2 my maven !!!
Seeing some old friends
2 for 1 FINK BOMB SHOTS all weekend !!!!!!!
This shuttled driver is riding everyone's a$$ Lmfao!
I don't think driving your boyfriend to turn himself in for domestic violence is the right move
Im #Single b/c Im enjoying life
you'll be glad to know I've given it up too. I've jumped ship to the voice...and other trainwrecks as well.
big up ! the illest MC ever!
haha went to the baseball game for like 5 min with her mom
it's something I want to look into. I don't know. Haha.
what's wrong? Who's stressing u
First adventure to Sonny's with and #Twitterless Amber!
let's not forget about integrity too. Talent w/o conscience is not a winning combo.
Lol you're welcome
I feel bad for joanne. She ain't never gonna do that again.
Gotcha :P nothing ;D
Me too! Hahahaa.
Happy to be shooting on a sound stage this week after a 10 day shoot in rain and mud. Goodbye Seattle, Hello Los Angeles!
Went for a long walk this morning. It started raining, so I called my wife and she came and picked me up.
so we can be morning tweetbros!
Great domino effect brought to you by Ficano
Familia follow my fam "where true hip hop is" in the
ya, too bad I diminished my post by misspelling her name. Lol
Thanks for the follow and #thanks for being a #changeagent in the world for
but he's not he's growing up. He's trying his best to do stuff for us, but it's hard because everything he does some fans..
your so adorable Hugs &kisses from Buffalo NY
Good first day of work. feels good to be makin money again
i don't care if austin never notices me. I will still be a
Being off of work Is so Boring like there's never nothing to do!!!
super impressive
Barbers & Stylists #FF for ur invite 2 #SOCIALITES Barber & Beauty #SOIREE powered by
hey wats up
Today invites you to share your story from the Green Chair from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m. at their offices.
haha you named your alter ego? That's cute
Lil these days if you ain't 23 or older stay the fuck from round me...
I'm headed back to Pitts now. I've been in WI for the past cpl days for my friends wedding. It was beautiful!
S/O to all my new followers , good looking out
Why can I never sleep anymore?!?!? I feel like I'm drained so what's wrong??
love songs are my favorite.
I love wearing ponytails, but my head always starts aching a few hours later...ugh!
Being happy doesn’t mean that everything is perfect. It means that you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections
The best way to make people remember you? Borrow money from them. --tamaaaa
just won my parking appeal. will not have to pay a ticket. in your face!
When you can, take his class! He's so insightful & makes you feel comfortable to take risks. Going to take it again soon.
2+ hours? You were doing something wrong.
Ok these niggas in baton rouge turnt tha fuck up.. Okaaayyy .. On our way to vibes.. Turn up ^^^^^
Lucky to have a mom that doubles as a best friend. Love ya Deb!
Jealous! I dont get in until tomorrow. : EXCELLENT.
“: is coming to Wichita! I'm fucking sreaming!”
Not on the museum end, but I was the prog. officer for a comm. grantmaking org, and can share my experience if you'd like.
i love you, okay.
It's a 3 point contest.
1 pair, a.k.a. two. RT : how many passes were handed out at at 6:30?
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
I miss you my best friend!! This long-distance relationship sucks... Haha 65 days :)
Life without Mariano will be tough...I won't complain. I will be a realist. He is the best ever.
breathing machines are a form of torture :(
just like ya momma
Just realized it got dark while sitting at my computer. I mean completely dark , I forgot to turn on the lights. Does anyone else do this?
I'll bring u some 
I'm so excited for these Yelp Safari parties!!!! Hope I get in. ;)
from chicago love ur show i dance to keep myself from hurting myself great to know someone else lives for it too #followme?<3
Celebration time! Keep on drinking!
Lifting tomorrow? Yes!
D^1 = Electrical Resistance
So nice outside, minus all the pollen covering my car. Should be a nice weekend to celebrate St. Patty's!
Whenever God slew them they would seek him they eagerly turned to him again. They remembered that God was their Redeemer. psalm 78:34,35
My brother is back from Vegas :) he bought us chinese food.
I saw an ad for it on my Roku (for $5), so I assume it's there, no?
please cousin don't tell Me u out for the Lakers# celtics bby
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Congrats You're like the secret mayor of everything in Denver!
THANK YA!! #ATX RT : good job! Keep up the greatness!
Thx! RT : Some great thoughts on #introvert blogging this week by my friends and Nice work ladies!
This is not a technical issue. It is a political issue.
Thank you so much for adding StrohlPLUS to your list!
Can't watch Dick Stockton on w/o thinking of him doing #Lakers v. #Celtics Finals on CBS in 80s w/ Tommy Heinsohn's doing color.
Thanks for the RT !
Happy Mother's Day, ! Hoping you're having a great time with your family. All the very best to you and yours for 2012!
Yes (: At event with Michael Salgado!
We're back! Mark your calendar for this year's #EABF Sat., May 19...it'll be bigger and better than ever! Stay tuned for the details.
Totally stuffed after outstanding Brazilian lunch! Salad bar was great too. Nap time...
dude, that's been my whole year. All leading up to the next three weeks.
Ur hair cool the way its....why do u want to dye
I was being sarcastic about Mr. Bobblehead, Drew Soicher he's probably the laziest sports guy in Denver.
You think Gentry would consider starting Hak at the 4? After all he was team's leading scorer for a few games early on.
lol that is amazing.
If you find a good one let me know. Looking for one in NOLA myself.
#TIL Mountain Dew was originally made as a mixer for moonshine.
Georgia cities eye cell phone towers for revenue
hey girl hey
kinda of made my day to see that he follow my races since outdoor first meet
Thanks for the invite. Unfortunately I'll be in FL until July. Hope to see you for the 4th!
Jacoby Ellsbury injury could be serious. May be out 2-4 months.
A5. remains my favorite because of his oh-so-colorful wardrobe changes. He's #NUTS!
I love flirting with guys. Lol.
"We need computers and we need help with technology." <- Job seekers at CML.
I can't deal with how skinny and tan Perez Hilton is. yuck
- Me too actually! I was too busy to be a part of it during last semester, but the crew had a great time and did really well!
that's not good.
Our infield is guys younger than me and career minor leaguers. .500 baseball all day, errday
Sam Trickett Scoops $2.5 Million with Huge Bluff in Macau Cash Game
Sunday bloody sabbath
I do perform miracles everyday! Just breathing is a miracle. Breath to receive. :)
thanks man! We don't have a release date yet, but we're shooting for August I believe.
Really enjoy spending time with I appreciate her so much. Love ya Babe! :)
Im ready to go.
thanks for the Houdini Timeline info..
ugh not in Philly though. We need to get it at home. Our 10k will look like dirt and cheesesteak
Yeah because u told me how it tasted like! Lol
that's a good idea
My bad
this pimp is at the top of mount olympus
Heading to bed. Just have to make it through the day tomorrow then I get cuddle time with my amazing boyfriend. <3
Couldn't pull an anorexic bitch in a Tug-a-War
Honesty Hour on the floor of a hockey rink...
if divorce comes from this im going to fajkdl;sghfsjkn
just saw Tosh web redemption for fall down steps prom girl & they filmed it at the top of Culver Steps haha! To the max!
Make sure tells how much I helped him understand the nuances of hockey last night.
The top #CbusJob posting company in Jan-Feb was with 540 jobs posted!
our 2 assistant coaches quit, and we prolly wont have our Coach much longer,all through HS ive never had the same coach, thats pretty bad.
#Sonic trip número
why oh why would you run an hour long service update while I'm watching #glee?
Can't deny that I want you , but I'll lie if I have to
I haven't yet but plan to soon!
Try harder! RT Newt: I've been editing myself tonight, trying not to appear "zany." Ouch.
hahaha sounds good!
Thanks for the tweet, really appreciate it! Really cool to have such a talented group of people in one place. Have a good one!
Happy Monday! Did you do anything special to celebrate #EarthDay yesterday?
I need a new phone!!!!
found shelter and donated clothes thanks!
Love Yourself!!!!!!!
where do you live again?
thanks very much!!!
My last full week of school ready for summer but I'm gonna miss a few that will be gone
yeah I know I got sucked into this shit...
Bed, I love you so much. I promise to never leave you again.
I'm a Braves fan in Baltimore and since you broadcast the A affiliate, are there any players can help Atlanta this year?
You forget 1 step and BAM your tumbling down the stars... omg.
My best friend's text about Adam Yauch: "Wow..Truly the end of an era. JUST PLEASE don't let someone like the Biebs shit out a tribute."
Bru - on Vermont
She supports me. Lol I love her.
lol ill try my best after 7 tomorrow lol
thanks for the s/o!!!!
I have been a Lil quiet my bad
Really, I didn't mean for that "bilingual" joke to be so close to that personal lubricant joke...but when ya think about it, it works! lmao
Can't wait to link back up with one of my favorite writers to write with!!!
hope u have a great time!! :)
Lovely to meet you last night, Lianne. 'Twas a fine set of songs!
Talk about missed opportunities. If #Chargers didn't lay down for the #Lions..today's win and Broncos loss would've made them AFCW champs.
buttered noodles and braised beef. Meant to order a side of Mac n cheese but got the regular size for that too.
we love planting trees too! Hope you get to 3,000 soon!
hey guys
lmao thank yeww boo ! I was gonna let u wear another one but naaaaaaa !
I won't let words affect me. I won't let other people stop me from doing what makes me happy
Scam on Craigslist targets house renters
What do you think of the first day of a new year? I love it!)) so far the best year ever!!
Tweeting from my new iPad2 - not that I couldn't from my desktop or phone...
i think i'm going to college for genetic counseling but i'm gonna take horticulture in high school and an astronomy class in college just bc
i'm doing a music video for unfriend you.
Oh, I see it here in answer to Bryan. Sounds suspiciously inaccurate.
that would an awesome tattoo for some chicks inner thigh
2pac hologram is sweet - Id like to see ones for Jim Morrison & the Rat Pack next
just around the corner...
what's dr who?
If you were successful in your 20s, I probably hate you.
Perfect Threesome ... Me, Shelly West, Juice Newton while listening to Barbra Mandrel " sleeping single in a double bed"
Hey & guess what ? I'm coming to your live chat :D See ya there!
check your dm
These wedges are too die for....agh !
Reading Julius Caeser for about an hour.. Its interesting but so long.
it sure was. Thanks for the heads up.
shoes... you can never have too many!
I just got a $250 donation from Domino's Corporation for #RaiseYourGlassDetroit Yah Baby!!
bout to have a cook out!(:
Temple Hamlin (TempleHamlin974) Thanks for the follow. May the shirt be with you!
I have a buddy in the pits today, sent me a pic of the car ... looking good!! Hope to see it in victory lane. Go get 'em!!!
Hey Antony - thanks for the follow!
This Flyers v Penguins series has been nothing short of entertaining. I love playoff hockey!
'Emma! Where are you going to school?' 'Alabama.' 'Wow that's so far!!' 'Says the girl going to Hawaii.'
not really, lol. only if i like, speed walk. but i almost do a face plant in the stairs everytime.
"Now I can let these dream killers kill my selfesteem, or use my arrogance as the steam 2 power my dreams" #CollegeDropout still inspires me
i love that :) hahaha.
Good morning. It's lovely out here today.
Pizza, soda, and tons of great improv in the DCT tonight. We're hosting so come on by!
oh my gosh you will love! If you don't have hipstamatic already - get it! Such a fun photo app.
I didn't know about the fonts! " Google docs may have gotten 450 new fonts, but Google Sites is still stuck with 6. #poorcousin"
sometimes i wish my brain would just leave me alone
i can't even talk about it without getting belligerently pissed off.
if you in the club with no panties on dont get mad when a nigga try to finger you RT
What if it goes out of stock, then what's going to happen??? HUH?!
No , if I skip a grade then I'll be a junior , I'm going to be a somphmore .
Meeting new friends & people watching #swimsuitgirl anyone?
I get REALLY annoyed when people just assume shit with out taking to me first... Because you know me better then I do right?
TCC Special Events Manager Aynsley Stephenson has been nominated for the Forty under 40 Awards sponsored by the Denver Business Journal! WOW
That story you've always wanted to see on the big screen is the one you should strive to make, not the one you think will be hot right now.
damn book report -______-
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Shawn Short ⁰Rising 7th ⁰Berea, KY ⁰Travel Team: Warriors ⁰Point Guard 6’0
It's so awkward in the halls when u see the guys who messaged you in the past week it's terrifying #ReasonsWhyIHateSchool :p
I know, I'm sorry
I'm sure it will pass. Your web presence seems strong and well established.
lol then y good luck?
went to see the kids in #CHICO this weekend....
Sounds interesting. How can you afford for it to be FREE?
Studio day.
Tired :/ having trouble getting outta bed. I just want to sleep!!
Hey all you Oregonians & SW Washington residents...Anybody planning on traveling to London for the Summer Olympics?
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 14
#uCantBeToughAndSay the word "wiggle"
We are looking for the in and the road to are line. "The East Coast Rebellion."
lol that sounds terrible
Where will you be at this time tomorrow? If you're a true Agent, you'll be at 2215 W North Ave ushering in the new year with the rest of us.
YES! Congrats to all of you! Portland loves its ballet!
Where did you see that sign. That's hysterical! (I bet they played the Slayer Christmas album during the holidays...)
If hip hop was basketball I'd be dunking everything
Happy Holidays from Piccolo Chef! May 2012 bring all of us a year full of wonders....
Made my day: looking up tweets about The Body Project, and find Demi Lovato tweeting about how awesome a book it is for everybody to read
Looks like we'll have to wait a while before we see the first 90 degree day of 2012. Andy has the weather scoop on
My friend just said some of my guy friends are ugly. You need to get your eyes checked! They're actually good looking!
I am excted about next week's Raleigh Demo fleet, come and ride a $6500 road bike with us free!!!
good luck to everyone competing in the #city2surf. dont let the rain spoil the fun.
So much love in one tweet. :3
Getting ready to watch get #Punkd by his brothers #
Dramatic end for #DenverBroncos(24) against San Diego Charges(29) Believe Tim Tebow needs to be the Broncos QB going forward
so you're in town but not in Tyler?
Good luck on finals everyone. You know where to go when it's time to get rid of those books. http:/doudeal.com
Reading 's random twitter hour kept me entertained through work on Who knew he was that funny? Wait, I did.
she is well. She has already surpassed her end of the year reading goal. I love that kid. How's Miss Dev?
that's great! I'm happy school is going well! Get that "ejamacation" girl!!! 😊
playing catch up / dl'ing old ones now!!
TOMORROW! Suicide Silence. Unearth. All Shall Perish. Red Fang. Cognitive Atrophy. New Daisy.
My math teacher is obsessed with the word " ass " .
aw i scared ya??? There's someone behind you DONT LOOK hahahahaha
if i could go back in time...i wouldnt change a thing.
I couldn't imagine writing like that in another language. I read French & Spanish. Speak both not well. But writing= so hard
"Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same." I love Oscar Wilde.
For my birthday!? Gee thanks! (dec 9th in case you are sending me gifts)
Goodness is the only investment which never fails. H. Thoreau
Not sure I need to check my calendar
Because he freaking rules!!!
Spent almost the whole day with and her family I love them :)
Hey your filters for "Find Startups" only work on the first results page and are ignored on the following.
#FF this lady, she gets it. RT What about number of successful bunts? That's the only number that matters in baseball, right?
New video coming out sometime this week guys. Would you like to see a new original song that I've written recently or a cover? :)
Pliny the Younger is flowing at Toronado. Get it while you can #SanDiego!
I Love SinGer!!!
rip Amy winehouse
is that an option?
Awesome! You'll be pleasantly surprised! RT ": - No, I'll have to check that out. "
I hate when people I don't even know like my "truth is" status..
If your parents never had children, chances are you won't, either ~ Dick Cavett
Honestly cannot believe that gets a paycheck from .
Simone ese lol RT : Haha I love American Me and Blood in, Blood Out.vocabulary in those movies. Brings out my inner chola lmfao
Do she regret
THERE IS DOUBLE DUTCH ON KENMORE I REPEAT DOUBLE DUTCH ON KENMORE
I agree with you about 's comments to Rolling Stone Mag. He was just misunderstood. And a modern day Johnny Cash!
I want Japanese Food! #AsianSwag?
oh sweet that not bad
The Gunter Media Group and the National Society of Black Physicists Announce Strategic Partnership
All of the Languages are live... We launched before getting the documentation live. German=DL. Hence ..../lang:DL/...
spent the last two days in C'ville! Love it there--even in this weather :-)
Knock on wood, however, because that's a big if.
Will do!! Thanks for the shout out!!
#IAlwaysWonderIf I talked to you at school you would like me.
YOU GUYS!! GAME OF THRONES IS ON!
Something exciting coming soon.
It's Corey :D
Just discovered the movie shark attack. 1999 casper van dien. There are no words people.
Even in the midst of supposedly lean days, the Windies can round up an opening bowling attack of Roach/Edwards.
Wow. My car is dirty! But the sticker is clean!
oh it can def get worse.... if i knew how to incorprate your beaver teeh- thatd be worse
Free tomorrow night...anytime after 6:45? Or Wednesday after HH?
Don't know if I could agree to anything more than I agree to that. :)
My second thought is to wear fishnets and a short skirt for maximum Looks at the hotel when I arrive.
i will =D
great, intense. pre Rosemary's Baby and The Tenant.
diggin the new Dis Rap dude, well done!
Words of Wine Wisdom: "Making good wine is a skill. Fine wine is an art." ~ Robert Mondavi
So... Quit TRYING to start stuff and make her mad
Alright water and Oreos, I'm counting on you to get ne through the night.
No problem, thanks
u guys... are ATL somewhat mainstream?
I still laugh every time I hear your "Black Man Echo" prank call. #WhoYoBossIs?
Darn it... I forgot to grab a growler... AGAIN. I was going to come home, sit on the lawn, read a book and snuggle with it.
Unlocking city&#39;s future depends on new code
Damn I Keep Coughing I Think Im Sick
#ghettoadvice I am addicted of and taking screenshots of hot guys. Wtf should I do?!?!?!??
Pretty excited to go to Evansville this weekend for graduation!
im a sucker for pretty ladies.....hehe
"we have rice krispies for dead week when we get nomzy and are procrasterbaking
I hit 200 followers!!! Help me get 300 followers :)
"If i started over..id do the same again."
I've been tattooing all day in key west. On the ocean.
2 more houses to go and were done!! lol to much candy
It's March already?!
Oh, don't worry babe. You didn't break me, you completely destroyed me.
Mahomies-we hope 2 invite Austin 2 r lounge 2 perform, but u have 2 prove u want it! Take over r Facebook page & get it 2 30,000 likes!
Why is taco bell so god damn good?
i feel Miserable :(
Always interesting being one letter off from a teenager's twitter handle.
Thanks! Events is what we're all about.
If you enjoy living, it is not difficult to keep the sense of wonder. - Ray Bradbury
Our director has retired, so we're throwing him a going away party!
I have no idea. Lol my sister got me them as a b day present so I guess it's a surprise!(:
around 7 inches
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 18
Girly shaving cream > Manly shaving cream
My stupid brother won't leave me alone! -____- UGGH
I need a new battery AGAIN
Debate is masculine, conversation is feminine. - Amos Bronson Alcott.
139 cappers with their pks on tonights games posted today with 2 cons in college and NBA has Warriors & Ov and off a 5-3 cons on Mon
LOLOLOLOLOL seriously though
i actually am enjoying this whole eating breakfast thing tho
Good Luck! :) RT So R2P2D1 went well today,can't wait to see the end results! ...
I need more films in the near future please
Powerful! RT : Best part is this yr she organizes those discussions b/n her Deans office & intercultural ctr.
Adults are always asking kids what they want to be when they grow up because they are looking for ideas. ~ Paula Poundstone
I need to buy me some stocks.
i care enough to speak my mind and say i love Jesus, i can care less for someone that has no respect for him.
M missin him so much. :-(
So far five people are going including me. Hope more of you can make it! x
DUDE! We almost died!!! Yea, but it was fun though!
What's new this week tweet fam?
Whoever is on the ref desk gets it. They research, answer, or fwd as needed.
Re: Chris Brown saying 'I promise I won't beat you' as a pick up line. Does this guy have a mother? If so, can I call her? We need to talk.
“: just got a chance to check it... Crazy fresh brother!” Thanks a lot man! Glad you
making a pasta dinner and doing laundry is the american way!
"People who date just off of looks are destined for an early ending" I was on 's formspring and I just had to quote it :3
When we gonna party again?
I think they spelled Jets wrong.
lol to the people who waste their lives trying to be """hipster"""
i fell in love with Ben at the signing ystrdy </3 plz help me do the 1 thing i wanna do b4 i die. go on a date with ben<3
Opening day of #WPSLElite! takes on tonight! Be sure to follow live on Twitter!!! Kickoff at 7:30 EST!
that's ok...sleep when u dead!!
how can partying with THIS GIRL ever disappoint you?!
GoodMorning (: , sorry I feel asleep Last night.
They think I'm biggie I'm bumping juicy with a several groupies.
looks really cool. I'd like to see it replicated all over the country!
i am not playing.... i am really pooped
Caught in the rain while walking to the beach for dinner.
Helpin' the bf out tonight. savin' up my good girlfriend points for a night out soon I think.
Twitter is no place to debate Theology.That takes one on one personal discussion. cont...
I just downloaded the Team Gleason iPhone app. Sweet!
Watchin Spongebob wit my dog and thinkn bout Story:( cnt wait til she get here
“: Who won the little 500?”
I still turn to you ..♥
If they not PROGRESSING, never allow them to be part of you DEGRESSING. #livistithramblings, #life, #advice,
vodka at the supermarket--how long have toy lived in Texas?!
Listening to - Take Me Away, I love this song!!
It was a hot hot day in LA today -- lots of Iced Tea and Coffee at the Noho Farmers market..
You dudes playin checkers but its a chess game
support the deaf at rayovacbattery.net and usadeaf.com
If Debbie Peagler had been charged appropriately, she would have served 6yrs max, but she served 26. Crime After Crime helped free her.
$2 Fish Tacos and $3 #Pacifico. Our version of a $5 foot long.
Just discovered that all the Flying Circus episodes are available via Netflix streaming. Productivity? Where'd you go? :)
Beer is Gud.
Automatically thinking "what a hoe" when you hear your ex has a new gf.
At the airport in colorado springs, and gonna fly first class all the way to dallas texas :D hopefully there arnt any suicide bombers
I'm a polite person, I'll tell you excuse me and STFU up in the same sentence. Don't believe me? Try me and see.
RT : "The American Auto Industry is BACK" #StateOfTheUnion Pres
Priceless RT : Hell yeah John Cena...those things make you a real hero.
Just saw mirror mirror! It was great! Love fairytales....
Wishing you a GREAT Day!
haha nicee :) dude if you want jake thrupp to follow you, you have to spam him. Lol i did and he followed me.
Cooking on a budget, laundry, writing a resume, and loading a dishwasher should all be required courses in high school.
Just rediscovered I have the twitter app on my phone
All right! Give me a call or shoot me an email! :)
RT : So... does Tipper Gore get half the internet in the divorce?
she fucking flipped on me cause i liked him!? i have never done that before and she has dated a guy that i loved even after i told her!!
#ThePinch has no official stance on #Inception. But , Fall 2010 issue editor, gives it two surreal thumbs down!
Congrats to Jay-Z on the "Made in America" festival, however what I'm really wanting is another Dave Chappelle block party
So nice to wake up to the sound of baby Kate laughing and playing with the music toy on her crib
any male vocalist ranging from soul to pop... hit me up i got a few tracks that need your voice, Billborad hits ....
But will you be at PyCon?!
Oh dear--that sounds uncomfortable! You still dropping mad beats?
Where did the sun go? May gray is official!
Off work and have to go to the DMV at 7am then work again, buut thank goodness tomorrow is pay daay :D
Bryce Harper gets drilled, then steals home. Should be a fun game tonight.
wea you at
ha what you talkin bout josh?
Have a great weekend everyone!
Thanks for the good eye. Just made that fix; shld be live soon. (There was originally going to be a charge but that was changed.)
i wouldve pretended like i wasnt following you and pretend like i didnt know who you were then ask to take a picture lol jk
Aw, darn. You're right. Saw the post on Facebook and didn't check the time stamp.
had one of the best niqhts of my life last niqht at prom<3
I just do.
thanks sweetie pie!
Try to hit snooze and my favorite song comes on guess the world wants me up now.
Second class at #DU tonight for GMAT Preparation Course. Verbal, quantitative and analytical reasoning. Hitting the books hard today.
Interesting to see Walmart's Mexico issues raise awareness of FCPA. Wonder how aggressive will be with fines. I expect >$500M
Dear Lord, please help me make this B!
Happy cinco de drunko from your friends at BostonDrunks
“: I'm not easy to catch. If you want my attention, as I've said So smacking you on the ass in the bar is the way to do this?
Ha! Maybe getting inspired for a custom line of simple Amish furniture.
Keith Urban isn't even American. He should sing about hitting kangaroos with his tractor.
but seriously, doesn't everyone need spf 75 in January??
where is this hot new single? I need your voice in my ear
do u mean #demadicks? If u think either party TRULY has our best interest at heart than ur about as sharp as an Anthony juror
Looking forward to your #sports news!
my thoughts exactly :-)
I would think that arguing every night would kind of get boring....but I guess my parents think it's fun...
i cant believe i missed the launching of "someday" at macy's... :(
aight imma hold u to it
what's good my nigg! you remember a dude named "sly" from ny? He Said he's known u for years. He was in the airforce.
wait, what?!
VIP invite only party 6-9 benefiting JDRF. Open to the public at 9:00pm!
some what. How did your random drug testing go for the peeps
thanks so much!!
. Any successful party/movement begins locally, then state, then nationally. The has to be a base.
I'll give you a hollar in about 15 minutes..
What a really sad, sad day. RIP Adam Yauch. In tears.
“: Boy, you’re really doing it, aren’t ya? You’re just shittin’ in the street.”
I shall do what I want, when I want.
Phone manufacturers really need to develop better batteries for 4G devices...the battery life on my new phone is awful!
Just ordered a salad topped with Fritos. That's how I rock the healthy.
I'm tweeting from 18 twitter accounts at once. hehe :)
Great seeing you this weekend, Steve. You never cease to inspire me!! Keep the faith & keep up the good work.
prob cause yanks got swept first series, getting some work in
Just registered for #SLA2011 in Philly!
Deans list & no summer classes ✌
Not for nothing, but the hotdog hooker is more conservative than some these girls that are off to the prom tonight.
