Well... The #Saints are screwed for this #NFL season... Villma 1 year suspension, Hargrove 8 games, Will Smith 5 and Fujita 3 games
you must have fell hard to get that print on your back.
Just got back from the NGA. Recommended: the first label of "The Sacred Made Real" exhibit.
Culver-Winton-Main is on our site as the has on their site. We're happy to work w/ you to clarify N. Win Vill.
New endeavor: voice acting
congrats on Japantown!
that baby has done more in her 7 months of existing that I have in my 14 years. She's basically completed my bucket list..
wesabe sounds cool, hope I didn't sound awkward
Is currently walking my brainz out to suffolk downs.
I love that word! It's funny! Ahaha!
Lost in Transition: Ethnographies of Everyday Life after Communism by Kristen Ghodsee G’09, F’05 now available from
RT : Damn girl, you've got a Mubarak. (an ass that won't quit)
for spam prob. good luck : check Settings, Connections, then revoke access for anything iffy & reset p'word
#thingsblackfolksargueabout who got j first
how do you like your new products?! You looked amazing when you left
I'm Jonesin for a title!
SEC Goes After Online Trading Firms That Unwittingly Helped Latvian Hacker
haha yeah and the other one too. :p
same as the # of gAmes UL will lose to the 'cuse
TNT and NBATV
Sean Payton has a lot of balls with that appeal I'm happy it didn't get overturned he's a douche
The man who laughs last, probably didn't get the joke in the first place.
I already beat the game with a mage, so I feel like I should change it up. But mages are so much fun.
People can change for the better & even though they can't take back the past they can change the future & truly take back what they did <3
Awk moment when your friends r getting yelled at in front of you
My style source today? Gene Hackman in the 70's (w/a dose of Royal Tannenbaum). Let's shag ass & get the hell outta here...
Skrillex "First of the Year"
Nice. Sound like someone finally bought a computer..lol..jk.
I never sleep n I got big dreams
Yes I am! Glad to see you noticed tho :D Very observant you are haha. I will. I'll probably go to CM Punk Source or something.
“: McCartney and Springsteen didn't lip sync, why is this guy?”
RT : I viewed my fellow man not as a fallen angel, but as a risen ape.~Desmond Morris
Who do you love?
OMG PRINT IT OUT AND GIVE IT TO HIM LOLZZZZ
The same thing happened to me with a recent Metallica Drum Cover. I disputed the process and my video was not blocked.
look this way then! ;)
me too!! Yay! I'm off to work!
#show puppets #TMZ is the industry update source like the has she heard of Big L
Thanks for hooking us up with Looking forward to checking out some new office digs for MSM!
#ILostMyVirginityTo foreclosure.. It got me good :/ just be careful she's like a door nob more and more people are getting a turn...
haha, help me settle an argument. Why are guys soo obsessed with Pillow Fights?!?!
trivia question.. What happened on this day in 1993 in Chicago sports ???
You are such a drama queen. It's annoying af.
Anyone else hear an explosion/rumble in Menomonee Falls this am?
i can't wait for you!!!!!!!!!! (this is actually from , but i'm sure that the rest of calliope agrees xoxogg
find a use for that key...hey oh! ;)
RT 'See me through the eyes of grace, see me through the cross of love, see me not for what I was before your love in me...'
When someone says they 'work in the sex industry' I always picture them working in this big factory filled with lots of people fucking.
“ What i wouldnt give to have some Pho 🍜 with my sis i miss her” omg I would <3 that! miss you too !
most def we will link up soon. Still got the same number?
Did MLA expand def of reading w/[print] spec in biblios, or just the medium? "The essence of text is now how we ACCESS it." -Saper
. Thanks for info. Love Spotify. I wondered how they did it.
Forgive and forget is what i do (: <3
Of course, the ladies make it look a whole lot better than we do...
: "I watched NO COUNTRY IN OLD MEN and now I feel like Tommy Lee Jones represents 35mm and Chigurgh is Alexa cinematography."
Peyton, you are my hero!
I can't wait until Christmas
Registered to play a flashpoint #HANDIEGO, !
My seatbelt won't stop locking up on me
Dvr set, don't forget on tomorrow too.
The expo in #LosAngeles was awesome today! Key notes were great!
What are you doing tonight?
Meet & ! Two SF folks who enjoy baseball & are in the Bay!
Seriously-- #TheyNeedToBringBack the original Digimon series. While we're at it, the original Pokemon series. Also, the original Beyblade.
Made it thru one of my busiest days ever! Dropped My Boo off at LAX, worked the dayjob, recorded a voiceover gig, then had 3 auditions!
NN twitter. Thanks for a fantastic weekend.
ignorance is really what should be against the law!
Mohawk holiday party tonight folks!
MLB pitchers love stupid necklaces like Billy Ray Cyrus loves being a bad dad
I didn't get an invite... I refuse to answer!
ur the best
I love Homestead. I've been peach pick and apple picking there - their peaches are especially good.
You're Wearing Shirt That Says Imagine. Nick:When I Imagine I See You Ontop Of Me. You:I Don't Think You Have To Imagine Anymore. (;
Never mind I will do it later I have to go lol
how easy do you think it is to sneak into the zoo i need to see some penguins like right now
If I am the shit then I'm guessing my mom's an asshole.
I don't understand how I work at mcdonalds when I hate people -.- smhh bad mood already >:O
We love ELF!
Sorry again. My password is changed now. Do not open any dm's from me.
My 6th & final #fridayreads with THE FIERY CROSS audio - End is near: Disc 45 of 47! Excellent epic.
Shit I fucking swear right know I'm abt to beat this bitch down.!!!
didn't hear about it. hope the dude wasn't involved.
Just finished Chris Reed show. O hear Hell is still toasty.
Yes, that was 1 of 2 former places it pointed to, other was Sperryville. Seems to be an ongoing reporting battle here :) 20141
it will be....Shannon Clute and I are also on a panel at TCM film fest discussing our noir book on April 12 at Club TCM
popcorn and chicken noodle soup?
Haha. Like I even care! ):<
I know(: I was hoping he would come to Indonesia :(
ItwasandIsaidnotwhat. Punctuate that!
Its happenin just like u said, what's the point of 28s, I caught flight instead, that's word 2 the millions that the puttin up
Food booths and arts and crafts setup lovely...nice vibe going on here
Angel voice. Aw shucks. 
GS Carlsbad Bath Remodel is offering 20% off a full bathroom remodel to all Diversity Platinum members......
Unbelievable, Ovechkin puts #Capitals up 2-1 just 13 seconds after #Bruins score.
how long u in champaign
I MISS YOU
awesome! Ill follow any fan of Cena :-)
well.....I have to have mine out TOMORROW morning!! : (
Safe to call it?
ayo Since88 coming soon, so if u liked that Trey Songs track I got more I'm sure you'll love hype it up for me and holla atyaboi
"In true love, you attain freedom." - Thich Nhat Hanh
Good. Babies are disgusting RT : Did you know? More iPhones are bought every day, than babies are born.
my body's tired but my mind isn't.
Twitter is awesome! Love all my twitter followers! I welcome all twitter people. Celeberties are welcome!
Knees and hands are scraped. shoulder is hurting..debating is emergency necessary I dont think so
My best to Tiger Woods.
Family pics today. Ugh so cheesy lol
Open bar 10p - 11p at TenJune with our guest-list tonight (Neesa Models) Pronounced Knee Sa . Pass it on =)
how's Vegas? :)
Life can be mean and nasty. Don't let it harden you up let it toughen you up.
"Man I was going to say something but I forgot."..."Everytime you forget you have to pass the bowl."
thanks for the follow !!!
NBA TWEET OF THE DAY: Happy Birthday Patrick Ewing. Oakley was the real backbone behind that 90's Knick D!
ME TO hes to sex to rezist how old r yhu
The year may be winding down but at Advanced Mailing Services we are in full swing.
q2 - family lunch at the table (since hubby works 2nd shift), park trips and walks
Happy Birthday Jesus!
Just met and escorted Nigel Lythgoe and Alec Baldwin into the Capitol. Happy Arts Advocacy Day!
aw man! I havent been there in months! Its always so packed!
I just laughed so hard I cried!
I probably have it too, haha i dont remember!
Hi everyone. Just let me know timing, and I'll arrange an interview with co-founders, Mike and Karyn Morrill.
RT if you appreciate your freedom!
oops, it's called Nutiva
it's almost halfway there.....
I'm excited to experience Baltimore - any restaurants you'd suggest visiting?
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 75F A FEW CLOUDS
that why u never use black shirts because then it will looklike u are naked .......oh and by the way fuck u slut freaking 
Let me know if it works now
Congrats to who won the ticket & art giveaway for 4/27 DM us to claim your prize!
I'd like to rally for the beach block party with the mermen...
sounds good!
So glad is ok :) then again we all knew he wasn't gonna give up so easily
remember that little exchange, and you will make me very happy.
Thanks for the follow Kari. I look forward to Tweeting business and #fun content.
Were you working at the wedding last night at the JW Marriott?!?!
Twitter is the only place where you get happy when someone follows you.
I chose an Internet Folk radio randomly, hoping to find some music in the "O Brother Where..." style, but found country music instead. :/
One advantage to a vacation interrupted: I get to wish darling daughter "happy birthday" in person!
i love flan. just not. this. minute.
Everything about the Eatery is amazing :)
no I should lol
that will soon translate over to men.
I'll think about it ;)
Visit the new Farmer's Market at Penn Station (N Charles at Lanvale St) every Friday afternoon this summer!
but you turn 18 before me to -_-
is wrapped on filming the Untitled Big Bear Feature (working title) and fighting some sort of bug.
Psalms 68:5 "A father to the fatherless, a defender of widows, is God in his holy dwelling."
Sunday Brunch Is ON at the Blossoming Lotus Now ~ Come By for A Fix and Florentine and so Much More ~ Celebrate the New Year in Lotus Style
I make that in my sleep.
are you talking about me :)
don't wear out your Motherfucking welcome on my twitter
cuz no one calls my sisters,a bitch nd lives t tell about it
thrilled, for sure
#AmITheOnlyPersonThat thinks they need to stop remaking the "Paranormal Activity" movies? They're getting old already!
I did that thing again where I fell asleep with my computer in my bed. And I think we might have cuddled.
Meanwhile and are in a heavy conversation about #horses, tommys favorite subject.
Check out the Scouting Challenge at #SportsExposLV, in which local Boy Scouts will compete to win a $1,500 for their troop!
Hi George Welcome to the CoffeeTalk Jazz family...tweet-tweet
Ginger can soothe stomach upsets w/ remarkable speed. Peppermint is a smooth muscle relaxer. Smooth muscles include the uterus & stomach.
spoon tonight at the 9:30 club! very psyched
Hey I love the stuff - What business are you in?
haha I don't know what your talking about. I would never get a Vegas tattoo haha
we never can truly know who we are
Watching #designstar and I want to be HGTV'd
Had I known it was Iggy's birthday I totally would have played my Iggy and The Stooges record as loudly as possible.
Great! We'll have the video queued up for you to karaoke to! ;P
School in 4 more days. :c
Thank you so much for all the #FF mentions! I missed getting to them this week.
Over $350 raised tonight to fight against AIDS!
#agreed come back:(
Felling sore after getting lost earlier today on my walk. I took a new walking route and 2 hours later got back. Two mile walk turned to six
Great burgers at the I had an avocado burger. One of my fav
I'm not perfect but at least I'm original.
32...i thought i did worse lol
The ELUSIVE Sessions miss! FINALLY!!
yeah it would. However understable with your love for Apple.
When your brother talks about your birthday gift and you can't figure it out<<<<<<<<
Thanks Joseph, will do.
Hey, just yesterday it was, "Hm, maybe we'll make our own URL shortener today," and the cats at the doofus did it. /
Enjoying a nice hot apple cider at Vivace on NW 23rd. Highly recommended when in
Enjoying the buzz in #DC today on #SOPA and #PIPA. Old rule in politics...don't mess w/ guns or football. Now add +
How can you tell if a violin is out of tune? The bow is moving.
me too. and she is making it hand over fist.
First week o o class equals almost done! Just gotta survive Math 366 and two more hours at work...
Why do they call it a crush? Because that's how you feel when they don't feel the same way in return.
That is funny! I should have her ring the gong!
I hurt finger and didn't mean to but I will make it up to her
"O Lord Jesus" Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 ".....and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
I won't be purchasing a painter jersey.
- This Momma is for Obama...All The Way!!!! #LOLSmileyFace but
Alright talk about me behind my back because you're too petty to face the music
Lets Go Do This For …
Hi Brant, interested in discussing how Kanjoya's emotional intelligence tool allows you to better understand your clients. DM?
I love long life better than figs. --Charmian, Act I, scene ii
Damn those pretzel m&ms RT To burn off one M&M you need to walk the full length of a football field-think about a whole bag
#CRE #SBA #LOAN We are now offering a limited time promotional price of $199 for our SBA Records Search with Risk assessment reports!
DONT EVEN start with me \(-___-)z I was in a panic shock I was scared
Miami Heat and the 10 Most Annoying Teams of All Time
I dislike when people don't text me back.
Fuck waking up early wish I had no Work in the Morning
This is awesome, thanks for sharing!
I was mystified!
What a sad state of affairs, and poor economic policy, when we turn our backs on health care for those people who are most vulnerable.
Only the good shit smoked in this bowl
Tyra Banks Fires America's Next Top Model's Nigel Barker, J. Alexander and Jay ... - Us Magazine
reply AND follow from !? i think YES! i love Peyton!❤ what a great night this is! #Blessed <21
how does he propose to fight climate change without satellite tech capable of tracking it?
Shout me out for 100$
lol i try em all xD its more fun that way..but runes and masteries are all AP lol
How lovely!
Jessica Biel Shows Off Her Huge Engagement Ring While Out with Fiance Justin Timberlake
Chevy! Never a Ford!! Just not from hubler.
Craig Sonner, after saying he doesn't know where George Zimmerman is: "I'm not going to say anything about where George Zimmerman is."
in my 3rd class with , and we're digging into javascript/jquery. really, i'm just here for the stickers and nametag
Sometimes it doesn't make sense. I'm tired of being that best friend you share everything with and you don't really know what you're missing
DREAMers, feetintwoworlds.org is looking for you to share your story in a video. Send your story to
I want a beta code. I bought splinter cell conviction for that but paint spilled on it while painting my bedroom
whenever your felling bad about not going to school remember the reason why your not. Think of all the stuff you can do now :)
keep an eye on the Flag football facebook page.
There are way to many people in this class for a Monday...
just painting...
Let me get this straight, My tweets go to facebook, but my facebook status does not tweet? WHY?
MLK Day event at Sears!?!?! Really? MLK to sell appliances? Is nothing sacred?
you are great I hope you are starting off your night wonderfully!!!!
I just wanna go to the campground already....
YOU ROCK! Thanks so much for the combination option!
Gene Youngblood: "Scarcity is the foundation of social control in democracy, but we now have an abundance of information/diverse voices..."
About to force myself back to sleep.
Trayvon Martin, is tragic! What's more tragic is the Blk male who killed another last night! No rallies
"The flower girls are drunk again"
"Sucre's Pop Karma Revolution" opens today till June 23rd at the Downtown Miami Residents & Visitors Center. Great art by !
Shout out: So Ruff Car Show has been cancelled for July 10th any questions look up sofuffmagazine.com Thanks!
One of the prettier own goals I've seen.
Playtime at Southwestway Park later, then taking the kids to Orange Leaf. Gonna be a good day!
Look into my eyes u can see once a scared lil boy but now u can see the anger that pushes me 100% American made
Enjoy your trip! Give Spain a big hug for me.
Me & have gotten all of our friends into kelvin-ing. We are not safe anymore
Harris constables rake in thousands with eviction fees - Houston Chronicle
getting crushed by retweets....
Black Lacquer is Getting Lucky tonight.
Bout to some lunch chicken tenders n fries bout to go dwn
yup I know. I talked to him last week
Aww, man. RT Sounds like Santorum has been ...[sunglasses] ... Wiped out.
Join us tonight at 6 p.m. for a short family performance by students followed by a Q&A session.
"It is our choices...that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." - J. K. Rowling. <3 <3 <3
At least somebody can gain yards running.
How about that! Just ran into smiling face! Love the chance encounters in this town!
Haha! RT : My jeans are mad skinny today. I hope I don't see any hot cougars
The Supreme Court takes up curse words on TV today. Tune in to "The Morning Show" to find out why.
We have the chat room open during every live show and during the broadcast of my show.
hadn't thought about it that way. Good point. Best shot for all 3 east teams. Probably bigger for Ovi then.
Most ppl do exciting things on vacation, but when I go on vacay I always seem to end up in my PJs b4 9PM watching #VH1's
'WWE TLC': Available on DVD Tuesday
tough loss :/
Forever21 Jewelry shopping(:
THANKS, we are on it!
If #Ibuprofen upsets your #stomach - Hieber's makes it in a cream for you! 412-681-6400 www.hiebers.com
Come visit us for dinner. :)
Question; Which NBA teams have won championships, without having a great front court?
I think Im slowly losing my Asianness. Went on vacation and only took 4 dozen pics, not the typical 40 dzn
ok, imma hit you later then, iight
#idontunderstandwhy people are so fake online just to get attention... Oh I'm being a hypocrite now... Jk I'm real ;P
At this time 10 years ago, I was single. By the end of the day, I was married. Best day of my life.
What is everyone doing for the Super Bowl? Home? Bar? Coming to Highland Tap to hang with us?
Well, that was just super. ):
Clapped too early clueless Sox fan.
RT : regarding soriano: "when are they gonna bench this guy? i swear i saw him swing at a pick-off throw!" OH on 670 The Score
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo watch old movies
When somethings bothering you but you just say you're tired.
He's the last QB Holmgren will pick for the Browns. If he's very good, add to list of QBs he picked. If not, Holmgren will be out
will do, thanks.
I totally would go but I don't think my mom would let me drive to michigan :/
put it in some glasses, then drink it. Repeat as necessary.
Hello, little Show/Hide hover-state pop up on the Favorites in OS X's 1.7.3 Finder. So you're the one who's been driving me insane.
ok this is horrid. 30 was horrible hoping for a surprise ending
the stress was worth it. #'bres
That "90s hip hop" reference was all you! I almost threw in my love of Hall & Oats but I didn't want to be judged.
it works! Gotta put the quarter in the right slot!
i hear you! i need a PJ day.
RT “: If you're in the Salt Lake City area- I am giving a talk at Salt Lake CC April 2nd... stop by:)”
im offended by the idea of "girlie handshakes"! Limp handshakes are bad, no matter who gives them.
Thanks! you should see my ameblo page =p
i spotted him first :) lol
oh such a sweet pic!
Boobie Miles? RT Big K.R.I.T and Freddie Gibbs get constant rotation in my household.
Coming really, really soon care of
automatically creates a mobile version of your blog or website, - #7smtrends [need to check this out]
that's good (: ,ive been good too
on to better topics than the uninformed creationist Kirk Cameron. How will the Gunners fare against Liverpool?
I'll be here!
Really Inspiring Person ADELE. that girl shared her whole love life with the whole world. that takes balls
Have your organized all this out reach marketing? Sorry the inner VP of Sales and Marketing is coming out in me.
Happy birthday to my sisters today!
Great running into you and at the grand opening last night! So glad to hear you had a blast!
: Doing well! Thanks for asking. :)
just followed
Can't believe I am sitting with and
Protesters circling Capitol chanting Our House.
#UTSAShowcase be there!!! Thursday!!
considering a fine red wine <VENTI size> to cap off a helluva a day! whew!
This week I'm going to see the Seahorse Exhibit at the monterey bay aquarium! :-)
all gold tonight
tonight.. we are young.
Turbos were designed to make good cars faster not to get your massive suv off the line and up to 10mph.
kevin costner is heart felt!
Thank you! RT : congratulations!
When things aren't going quite the way they should, it's always good to ask yourself "to what extent am I stumbling over my own feet?"
Got handed a thunder 2012 shirt to wear at work tomorrow. I'm okay with that.
Yes, $1,000 is a major gift for some nonprofits. What's important is building donor relationships and asking when appropriate.
Clark county sheriff's office reports Vancouver's Hudson's Bay High teacher Candace Morrison died in horse riding accident yesterday
Of course, I only got up about an hour ago so use me as a role model at your discretion. ;-)
guess its almost time for Thunder to strike its Lighting on the Lakers. 😉 I love teasing u.
Jackson takes this tragedy and expands into claim of widespread anti-black racism. Home foreclosures???
OMG! another year older #Happybirthday to me...haha
omg I know :(:(:( how you been?xx
Ironic End of the World Party, Part Deuce
yeah bull
Good work hours this week! :D
“: how can I submit for this year please?!” online accepting submissions soon! Stay tuned for details
I'm here waiting to see in my followers list...
Still finding it really slow but trying to see what others love about it.
follow my good friend I do work with him and he is dropping a demo soon to gain fan support. FOLLOW HIM PEOPLE!!
infinite arms more like infinite yawns, am I right?
Basement finish get tour done
your so gorgeous and ily please follow me!!!:)
Happy New Year to all my Friends!!
Uh oh.now. I'm worried
Happy Birthday to
Amen! Only make it spf 30! RT Never step out without a SPF15 sunscreen
the hell is wrong with your parents?
Reminder: Inspired Yoga starts in 10 minutes so grab your mat and join me at www.Physiic.com for this Live, Interactive, Online class!
I am getting a little annoyed at ppl knocking NC. It is the 32nd state to pass this amendment & the ppl spoke. It's democracy at work.
hello from California. Thanks for following.
The" Movie Sparkle "is next
We've put more effort into helping folks reach old age than into helping them enjoy it
Stay tuned to earthmatrix-dot-com for new material coming about 2012 & the Maya end-date cycle. 2012 is upon us...so, stay tuned.
#what2chainzwouldsay yo girlfriend super black with pink lips so I call that bitch pussy face
Combining allergies, fasting and vegan? May as well add suicide and be done with it.
obv. Let's do it up.
Room for the trip booked
#69Factsaboutme 49. I love playing my guitar.
This is going to be such a bore <<<<<<
Temple running?
Happily writing-revising-repeating surrounded by nice people, horses and cows. Moo!
Serenading my mom on this long ass car ride. Sunshine here we come
I should have a salad today. Must. Resist. Pho.
Flying to Austin today for #TCEA12. Will I see you there?
Happy St. Patrick's Day! We are open at 10am! Bruins game at 1pm! Come down for some great Irish Specials!Live music all day!...
he wont catch the new one jus serve time on the old one 30 days max
Why are boxing rings square?
oh you know I will! Im gonna be soo lost with you and ella both gone!
Fern, I just reviewed your website: awesome. I will employ your writing tips immediately. Thanks again for kind words on my blog.
Hello Thanks for being a new follower and welcome to our twinning tweets!
At Iwo Jima Marine Corps Memorial with former Marine John Justice! Semper Fei!
In a way it feels like I didn't get any sleep but somehow I did its crazy oh well life goes on
remember when Indiana almost won a wnba championship and no one realized it
Good reads, great prices! Metuchen Library Annual Book Sale on the Library lawn TOMORROW!!! 9AM 480 Middlesex Ave Metuchen NJ
Do you live anywhere near where the Giro starts?
Merry Christmas Eve! We are open today from 10am to 6pm for all of your last minute shopping needs!
Grandma Max?
bubble guppies
LarryBrown contd 6--bringing in Norman Dale on his staff 7--maybe even Dale Brown, maybe even Gene Keady 8--career wins at MadisonSqGarden
Just downloaded my free audio files from Check it out!
If I don't #hashmarkBS something my tweet isn't heard
How about Europe? Delta's got a great sale from NYC to select cities starting at $239 RT! You only want to go to the Bahamas? $119 RT!
Found my old high school graduation dress in my closet and fell back in love, might wear it to senior ball instead...
Reasons y I will not leave SD 1) Great job 2) I live 15 mins from work 3) We all saw "The day after tomorrow"
i hope so and thanks (:
CEO Kathleen Feely "Data should just be part of any job in child welfare services, it helps workers make better decisions."
Spending some time with my family before I head to the airport to go home. I wish they were coming with me.
60mph highway food fight with !
My last tweet....ahah today I bought a mag just because it had 6 amazing 1D posters :)
I would love to read Kim Kardashians page of her telling us to fuck off...and Brad Pitt...and Obama..boy Twitter would be the bomb..
That's what makes you beautiful
So excited I teach #CoreFusionYoga three times this week! One is for #WellnessWednesdays ! Let's rock it !
so of the remaining goalies whichh one is the weakest? SC NHL
We still are. He's with me every day. If I only knew then... :)
Also unknown? The number of Claeys peppermint candies mine mouth hath consumed in one sitting.
So stoked right #GoBrowns Cmon down to the Dawg Pound T Rich!
SoMe risk & recruiting per : "Delete" does not mean "delete", 55% to spend more on social ntwrking, 18% use to screen
Way to go! RT : I just put my foot in this CD audition The CD liked my work very much!
I hate always having to say, "I can't. I have to study." I wish people would stop asking me to do things! 😠
I like Goldschmidt a lot, but he has a lot of Mark Reynolds in him....
Our next volumes come out in the Spring.
omg this guys breathe
I must not have been living...where did the singer MIKA come from and why was I kept from him for so long!!! I am living for MIKA today!
Goin down north to visit Unk!
And according to Epimenides, this sentence is false.
Happy Passover and Easter to all! Enjoy your weekend spending time with your loved ones!
Wassup with this block party
in your face
Merry Christmas Eve :)
I tweet again!
Al Horford is coming up clutch right now
lotsa layers to get that wall-of-sound! Experiment well, guitar-man!
#KnowThySelf RT : Running toward my dreams, tripped over reality and hit my head on the truth.
#thatawkwardmoment when you are stopped at a light and they guy in the car next to you is shaving.
Exams are always the worst .
Cutler, with his second year in Mike Martz's offense, could put up QB1 numbers
Send us a link to your Vimeo page! Let's be friends!
Congrats to Jo beth Locklear yet again for her short film booking!!! She's on fire!!
Anyone ever have this problem in #gmail? Phone says 24 unread emails, desktop nav bar says 7, none show up in my inbox.
Working a blood drive.
so much swag
Shout out THANX FOR THE FOLLOW.
~Look Scrumptous* N Tha Rite Places:-)
I will keep watching Star Trek: The Next Generation. YOU CAN NOT STOP ME.
Los Angeles, CA --> San Francisco, CA
now it's Berkman Ave. ha.
At LeDroit Park Civic Assoc meeting, rep for CM Orange told me " you should run for DC Council, your so smooth!" um been there done that!
Getting Real serious about the music biz! Now!
T-SIZZLE!! Get well man!! We gonna see you on the field in November!!
I was all-in only three times in ME: won as 90% fav, won a (huge) flip, and lost as 62% fav. I was dealt AA once, and won blinds. Busted no1
Excellent work... All those depicted look questionable as guilty or innocent.
check out the "Best of 2010" photo albums on my FB page. Cool shots, great people...
LOL. I love tony's lines.
Keep us posted with your interview! I bet you nailed it.
Follow back? Please :)
hahaa that's hilarious that would happen to you!
Yes, I am! Let me know if it's okay with the others. :) Thanks!
Our HOULIHANS waiter legit just gave Megan and Margot money. Gave a $10 & he gave $15 back!
haha, go eat!
no nicotine, I suspect.
No one will ever be able to take June 12th, 2011 away from us.
When I look at them, I see pieces of you and pieces of me and all the beautiful magic it brings to the world.
Lmao ....... ANGEL IM GOING TO KILL YOU !!! NOW RUN BITCH !
wth is this world coming to????? Prayers to the baby and his family
So glad to hear it! Enjoy the show and congratulations!!!
Sure, but they're hitting very well. Maybe they'll suck next year, but seem good now. And mediocre in AL = good in NL
lulz. Same logic extends to supporting anyone with the "R" or "D" tag... they should all just have Goldman logos instead.
It's hard to fight tho when all the cons/baggers do is lie like they do and their sheep follow them religiously...sad!!!
pinned you. liked it.
is listening to Markus Schulz and retouching images for Tom Whitmans new SIZE posters
best feeling ever
i would go but i don't think i can :p
And I'm black yall.. and I'm black yall and I'm blackedy black, cause I'm black yall.
Thanks, jason! How was your weekend?
All SIGNS say that Tesla and Scorpions are gonna rock Shoreline this Friday!!
Fuck it I faked it
Perkins Coie in D.C. has added Andrew Shipley, formerly of Northrop Grumman Corporation and John Henault, formerly of Cooley, to its govern…
Thanks! :) Great meeting you at
and put on an amazing acoustic set. Always wonderful seeing them. (:
Strictly Roots cafe in Harlem, USA is the bomb. com!!!!
Bostonians are invading our franchise with their anti-Midwest mentality! We must fight back!! Grab some sunflower seeds and
I wouldn't look right skinny O.O
The most critical proverb and the only proverb is, the customer comes first, whatever the business, the customer comes 1st.
Some of our issues come from wanting God to do something instead of trusting in what He's already done. We're in good hands! :)
hope you and Tyson are doing awesome!
has replied to your prom proposition yet?!
just set up twitter on my cell...
"Well, these jpegs aren't going to make themselves." - is really psyched about getting back to work.
4 keys to success Passion Focus Persistence Luck
is laying down a solid discussion about participatory archives
Destinys Child - If (:
Just curious- what are your thoughts Ali? I see their point- but isn't that why moms want to work from home- to be w/kidos?
I've tried half of them - pretty decent. One thing I've learned from the "pros" - they want it as complicated as possible
"You can't out train a bad diet." Unk
feel better baby<3
Coffee black... Stetson hat.. Gun in rack.. Have a great day everybody.
no, but I know what everyone else is getting. :) Are you heading to Buffalo this year?
"Now Hiring. Pay is $500 weekly. We need people to work from home 2hrs a day. You will be copying and pasting messages for us. Hit me up
I'm a little needy because I want you to need me.
": O! RT You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. - C. S. Lewis"
Hasn't yet been updated for me.
Absolutely. NC State! ACC! Haha, I know it's not your thing, but it's definitely mine!
yeah. It's porn.
fairly oddparents is on! omg!
Had my sobriety baby yesterday. 9 months.
Odd, the years it took to learn one simple fact that the prize just ahead, the next job, publication, love affair, marriage alwa
Have 2 hours to myself. #Paint or sleep? ....... Paint
Making pumpkin muffins with random street pumpkin I scrounged yesterday. I believe in recycling. And muffins.
when shall we expect you? :)
Tragedy Called Truth. Concert Series. Oct 26? Plan to be there. And get get there.
awww I'm happy for you...so what u doing now?
www.arillenblaylock.com is up and running for its life!! :)
I am a contractor in Plano, TX. Serving homeowners in Austin TX.
"you're one of those girls I want to marry just so I can fix their last name." - Matt Shore
idk i never tried
i dont mean to bother you but my friends in tiny chat wont stop bothering me and keep saying to get you in with us can you? please?
Like on fb & help us reach 500 fans(likes). We will be giving out a FREE photoshoot. www.facebook.com/mindmystifyingdesigns
I would just like to say that throughout all the years that I've been a liar, not once have my pants caught on fire
Still registered with GoDaddy? Transferred all my domains this morning
They are the most efficient napkins
" Make like a tree and leave "
Has Theo made a decision the future of Ronny Woo Woo yet?
From her tree-toad bower, With her three-toad power, The she-toad vetoed him
yea, looks like everything is back. We're always watching on our side, but if you see anything else, tweet us.
Follow me 4 free!!!
wrote a new song, recorded it, and I like it. I have no idea what it is about...Hm
Please Follow Me Back <3 :)
I LOVE OR coast.
Hi Erica, thanks for the follow! Back at ya!
RT : Just because I choose to be positive, doesn't mean my life is easy. Joy is a choice. #quote via
Hard Rock Cafe is hosting a Guitar Playing Contest (AxeOffUSA) Saturday 12pm. Prize - $3000 monthly! Come on down Mike Ladd CEO
Alot Of people dont appreciate life cus it was given to us for free....
looked AMAZING last night at #Greystone Flawless as always!
I LOVE YOUR VIDEO. YOUR VOICE IS PERFRECTION
Throat coat to the rescue!!! Hopefully...
I'll no longer be working Wednesday nights as of last Weds. since my successor is taking over. Whoop, whoop!
What time did you go to sleep at? :P
Remember 8-10yrs ago when we were taught Internet users didn't want to scroll & thus to use pages? Now we infinite scroll à la FB & Tumblr.
Am I the only person who thanks my parents whenever they cook me a meal?
Yeah Nino Brown story is fire. So is this concert DVD. Check it out for ya boy.
congrats to & for 50 People recognition. digging the new sd mag logo btw.
if you're a blogger based in new york city, send me a tweet. i have something free to give you. (hopefully, you respond to bribery.)
RT : #isastc Enter into difficult conversations with that attitude of curiosity & communicate respect & love
i aint gun QUIT and i aint going to RUN ima be screaming over here when they come KNOCKING
Much respect to jay leno though!!! Funny guy!!
hey can u send me the links to ur stories plz I read chapter 1 I need chapter 2
Fortunately my dry cleaner doesnt charge my clothes rent. They've been ready since 6/11. I'm too busy and might just have a lot of clothes
Maybe, but only if Apple adds value or lowers prices SOON
#ICantStandPeople who dont like Chipper Jones
yeah let's go with that.
Cami knew the answer to something on Jeopardy tonight: "Hey, I know the answer to that! I actually paid attention in Social Studies."
end of the year contract renewals, wow they take a long time! not to mention explaining increased costs to mgmt & expecting their answer
Emotions make people do crazy things. Lack of emotions makes them do worse.
Hey, cool! Thanks.
What a long ass day....and I still need to work!
ha! Let's hh soon!
what hotel would this suite be in? I'm assuming one of the hotels in Anaheim?
Rumored: Desktops & laptops running HPs webOS later in 2011? Awesome! (Pining for my beloved Palm/Clie devices 1998-2006. Emulator please?!)
I dont have time for dudes who don't have time for me..might as well keep it pushin
no way! we should gather all the librarian DJs and do a music night.
Leaders overcome the death magnets that drain the positive energy from your team.
so i definitely need to get a job n a job to do one a many things n thats to take a trip n see the Canadian French Quarters
why u say damn?
Thank you for checking out our Impulse booth !
Dude texted me asking if I was sleep I texted back yes he said okay lmao dude stupid and can't take a hint !
Got it! It will be up on the TVs and announced over the PA tomorrow!
congrats! That's amazing news -- what an honor and responsibility.
Oh! I'm gonna do that today RT : Should put "Get virtually nothing done" on my to do list. Then I could check it off.
RT : Yes ---> RT : Stop tracking your Influence. Start tracking your Integrity.
What kind of question is that?
Junior Seau RIP - a real football player.
After I said fear I explained it was a mnemonic "Forget Everything And Relax", "Just let your last moment be beautiful memory"
I'm in the mood for the wrong kind of attention.
NO matter how hard the acting biz may be, it is ALWAYS better than going corporate!!
You know youre a redneck if your from a rural area and act as such
on a road trip! finally made it to my destination in MInnesota=] should be on a flight back home either tonight or tomorrow!!!
GUIDELINES UPDATE: New R&D guidelines now posted! Deadline May 16. Draft for review accepted up to 6 wks prior
is having lunch courtesy of Sandal's Resorts.
Still not used to seeing tweets like this. MT : Luke Scott with a long HR to RCF - onto roof of building - for
“: Who is your favorite swamper? Why? We love to hear from you! #SwampPeople” Troy, Tommy and.
RT If you stay ready, you won't have to get ready!
no ha ha I did everything I could for you I bugged mr mcCloud every single day but anyways I gotta go
We can't expect our candidates to be well versed on the issues AND produce quality sound bites to replayed ad nauseum, can we?
Too many late nights this week thanks to the caps. But it's all worth it if we win
WITTY WED: I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Shot to the heart without breaking skin, nobody can hurt you quite like friends... Arie! Dope
When and where is the public discussion taking place on April 19 regarding CEO Paul Jablonski's proposed salary increase?
LOOKING GOOD AT MINK AGAIN !!!! MINK SUNDAYS !!!!
I don't want to be totally impatient but is three minutes enough time?
UPCOMING EVENT MMA FIGHT OCTOBER 9TH 2010 IN Las Vegas www.myvegaspeople.com contact MVP for your rooms and tickets
ah but you are a day early with a chance for a good night of sleep. Before you party hearty/hardy
At Acton Jazz Cafe to see Jerry Bergonzi, "The Tenorist"! This guy truly has a unique voice. Every Wednesday night here.
At spurs game halftime 54-45 spurs up
Mr. Belding is on Mad Men
<333 Thank you n.n! I really liked your music so I wrote it on my facebook status too cx
McGarry: the longer a probationer or parolee is on supervision, the more chances to screw up (not necessarily involving new crimes)
Say werrrd! RT Oftentimes haters are just confused admirers .. Ignore em
3 of 6 first round #NHL value picks have come through. All 3 were underdogs: #LAKings +179, #Caps +192, and #Predators -103.
This is why i don call anybody my "friend"... They always end up fucking disapointing me.
From an Eagles fan: Ronnie Brown. Jeremy Maclin. Michael Vick (for bad press conference skills). Eagles entire defense and coaches
I'm finna get on the Party Line!!! On Stone!!
Yes that will happen for sure. Gonna be showing Molly's sis the town Sat, you two should hang. Weenie dog races and cinco de mayo
having my tia on facebook << shes liking everything -_-
I'll be pulling for OSU to win it all because I think it's bad for college basketball if Kentucky wins...it's hard to pick against Ken tho
yep, most twitter apps work like that
AUDJPY is for now respecting channel.
Murder in Muskego = Crime Fiction Writer Nirvana!!! Can't believe it's over--I miss everyone already!! &
No, no, no migraine. I forbid it.
- bottles and models bruh. Bottles and models
entering the stage of demo tracking where the band argues about the title of the untitled song
Glad she's okay! :) My Jack Russells' send their love! Now you can breath a bit better!
God, such an amazing moment. I hope they show it tomorrow.
just high jacked twitter.
Since when are the Spurs like... super close to OKC? 40-13 and 36-14? I need to check the standings more often :P
Best time ever.
exactly, who joined in on this because I know of two people who arnt supposed to be lol
Follow Friday #FF innovative SXSW contacts
And I guess that's why Egypt has allowed to build rocket factories in the #Sinai - because MB swore off terror! Huh?
Your *grandmother*? Either I'm old or she's a funky cook! RT : my Silver Palate is full of my grandmother's handwritten notes.
I feel like Wes Anderson could have made a gangbusters movie about Un's North Korea.
Anyone have $2 billion laying around? Check the sofa cushions, it could have fallen in there. Let's go see what we can buy with that.
free candy? You can bet at 2:01 I'll be hunting you/it down!
The randomness of Twitter is a beautiful thing. Avocado is now trending. Yummy!
Why???? You think you can come?!(:
Try not to be distracted at work today by thinking of all of the different beer on tap for our $10 tap beer special tonight.
Question regarding the development of black students & black scholars in 20 years.
Finished all of my schoolwork for the semester. Thesis corrections are the only thing standing in my way of graduation!
at 6AM I barely have the energy to hit snooze lol
Thanks for the #FF's ! If u give me a #FF shoutout I will give u one as well! (:
M SEXY X
... Another one bites the dust
lol, too funny. You gotta earn that change and buy some more colors ASAP.
*cautious pre-relief high five in anticipation of you feeling relieved, after which high five hugs will fly like rockets*
A single idea can transform a life, a business, a nation, a world. - Dan Zadra
Trust is the easiest thing to lose and the hardest thing to get back.
Have you got your taxes done? I can help
Wtf why is peach ciroc trending in Detroit?
RT : Tonight President Obama will be addressing a joint session of Congress to share a plan to create jobs and grow our......
Whatever! Stop your ranting already! Show me where his term began with A! You repubs just love to repeat...no individualism!
hope costume designer Eiko Ishioka gets loads of posthumous praise near awards season this year for her outstanding work on MIRROR MIRROR
"We are all in the same boat, in a stormy sea, and we owe each other a terrible loyalty." G. K. Chesterton via Ken Pope
Of course, assuming the thing would ever get built is quixotic but it's not like they'll use the airspace for anything else.
Beware the boring political movie directed by George Clooney!
Hmm..Power out in the neighborhood. Isn't this the point in the movie where I go downstairs and get killed? Staying put.
how 'bout sam and eric (or samneric)?
Tired and ready for bed...
Mine too, but what shall we do?
okokyeah it's too late to start recording vocals. lol mañana! <blowing out candles>
I saw PD on TV at TMS in FTW this AM. Love the accent!
both odds come to ends
Don't forget Wednesday Weekday Lunch-time Farmers Market 2/8 11am-2pm. Rain-or-Shine!
Happy Pancake Day to All...
the stopwatch box at phillips rec center at Springfield is not displaying information. Instead, it is displaying a login screen
Mini golf with a bar.
hey could you follow me back.?:)
Such a promising night ended up so messed up.
I'm available for either/both. :-)
Going to be in W. Palm Beach in a few weeks - Any thoughts on where to go for some solid BBQ?? looking forward to warmth and no snow
If I were to describe Lou to anyone I'd show them this pic its seriously him in a nutshell
Can everyone please follow help her get to her next goal RT please k just go follow her
I followed her
Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced. - LEO TOLSTOY, What is Art?
Woman just won $520 in money booth ... what's the first thing she'll do with it? Take her #friends to lunch! Love it!
Just noticed on 11.11.11 and are at An auspicious date to catch some mystical rock n roll methinks.
yawn! way tired! listen to basenectar to wake up?? Yes. :)
Time is running out to buy your $50 Golden Ticket, benefitting Junior Achievement! Get yours before they draw a lucky winner on Sept 1st!
Arizona has favorable matchup against Memphis - Tucson Citizen
Who is the best #doctor you've ever had, ?
If your feeling good tell em I'm feeling great! Get into the Moment! Kid ink
I love you too dearie(:
Enjoying the anchoring!
My work is 25 mi from home. That's why I have to figure out the best bike routes around town so I can do errands and such nearby.
Make sure you take a look at #4/20 capsule this Friday homie!
Done! Zero carb protein shake, supps & 💤💤💤
Um I've Been Having 72 Voice Mails For 4 Days Now!!!
My dad makes steak look like cow liver
I wish, its still Wednesday here in California...LOL
Gleen Close as a Dude kinda freaks me out, but she is a powerfully good actress!
Thanks for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are playing in KENOSHA this Saturday night at DUKES COUNTRY SALOON!
Waste Mgt. recycling WEEKDAYS 8am-4 pm, Sat: 7-9 am. Sorry for the omission.
i wanna go, i have never been!
What if I was really Buddha
"I was enchanted to meet you"
famous people! I follow so many. and more!
depends on how much of you is visible in webcam, can they even tell what you are wearing?
crayola's are the best! i love how they smell too!
Get up. Get cute. Get out there! - NSD, Kimberly Copeland
entertaining game!
Enjoying a nite in Hotels
i do this a lot of times
Ahahaha you biased!
it's not on the schedule, but we would love to play Toronto.
#sundaylibrarian - but with coffee this time! yay!
Wheree you benn shun ?
Today's weather is ultra fabulous!
Is it Halloween today?
Eating the Halloween candy before the Trick or Treaters take it all >
Now following btw
Haha you can't hide forever
We can heal bodies, but can we feed them?: Access to medical care is essential, but if buying wholesome food means long drives to dis...
yeah way. It was awesome. Gota love shady people! ;)
Satori: "23% of addresses it handles are incorrect or incomplete"
About to head over to Soul Fo Monday
"I just don't get why it's not ok to be fat. If a woman is fat and likes it, like.... who cares?"
is michael moore in town today?i didn't know if it was a rumor or not.just came back from capitol, gotta be around 50K there
Can't sleep. Rocky Horror Picture Show on TV!
Haven't been on new music in like 2 weeks. I'm sorry hip-hop...
I don't know? I find it funny these pussies are tweeting they hate and wish death only to hear there shit read on the show!
awww, she loves.
- I've got a couple to try on that list myself. Cheers!
Nobody answers my calls:(
my favorite. I thought I was the only person who knew it existed!
Follow me as I will be sharing short extracts from my manuscript (If the souls of my shoes could speak)A BOOK?
girl , idk . I ain worried about him . But this weekend i will be. Lmao ;)
kill the baby, marry the cake, and fuck the... Wait, what is tazer?
this TNT announcer is one of the worst I've ever heard
I mean I make barely 300 a month and it all goes to bills How i own 3 shirts 6 Carrie shirts 2 carrie sweatshirts
Oh, and I'm scheming as part of our renovation project. I like to think big. :-)
Sex Ain't Better Than Love for sure! Love is the ultimate feeling and what I am seeking!
well that's a good thing...i think.
You always catch my subtweets.
Can't stop listening to #NuReligion Best Song by Soulja and best song this year.
Going to the stupid grocery store to cook my own stupid food and I'll never know what a waffle slider is.
I hope you didn't mean to include your father in that reference!
Good to see you on here!
Definetly there for the taking...Does make one wonder with the advent of apps streetbump if there isn't an opening there..
Thanks for the love. Glad you like them.
I'm obsessed with . He's the only person that manages to make me laugh at random nonsense
I don't understand how people can post personal stuff on facebook. Like yeah, I post personal stuff on twitter, but it's different here.
Scanners activated/data formulating....
I'm well! Just finished a tofu scramble for me & It's a cardboard jungle here.
How could you tell me how to live when you've been gone for so long!
never let you go- florence and the machines
As a power dunker maybe. In terms of style it's no contest
our ability to blow leads and nearly blow huge leads is astounding. I would have died if we lost!
If this was Facebook I would have clicked "like."
Rock the bells .... Hmm
I don't wanna lose ya I wanna keep listen to me baby look into my eyes, baby eyes! Oh ya make me wanna listen to music again!
Follow me&My HustleGrind Team We Follow Back!!!
Did you find anything awesome? If so tweet us a pic :)
:: On Live: Recall race endorsements... New tallest bldg. in NYC... Is Milwaukee a good place to be single?
I am a huge Woody Allen fan, although I've only seen Ants. - Michael Scott
#uiccomm our backstage tour will be on local chicago CBS news tonight at 10!
One day I would like to share some tea with Heddy.
Thanks for the nice comment :D Hope all is well
Shroomies or Acid is the question
ALIVE. and was up before 8am! so THERE!
code - carson1111 - major discounted price for tickets at the Toyota Speedway at Irwindale!
A lil back traction to keep my afternoon going. #exercise is a must!
It isn't always necessary to achieve great things. Sometimes, just surviving is a great achievement.
you gotta be quick to beat me :)
were they using your body as thinspo??
Red is my new fav color because of him. <3
Ok I Gotta Idmit I Like your Icon
Chapter 2012 Page 77 of 366 Repression is a self-inflicted time bomb that can explode when you least expect it.
love, a simple word that makes us all think of someone.
This Tucson morning we honor&celebrate Jillene Beth Tunick/Harris Rich's stellar work of decades.AZ sunshine shows us my cousin, the jewel!
Working at the library and following the tweets on #libjobshadowFL. As someone who is preparing to start MLIS soon, it's a neat insight.
#sopastrike this bill cannot pass. Really cannot pass.
Have I mentioned that rules? Thanks to his modern, clean sound design, our programs will all be extra professional.
you my friend are ahead of my times.. lol
Everybody go follow He's tweeting out the title to his debut mixtape 4.8.12. Same day 's "Hater's Motivation" releases.
let the music take your mind
TARGA file? That's a blast from the past.
Thanks for the invite, but I'm bartending tonight.
Hello Bella, follow!
☺ I woke up still hi smh dam kush PAC
Will iPads revolutionize teaching? No but customized learning motivation, tech for ed, leadership will.
Necessary Roughness won. I'll be playing Hot Girl. I've been practicing for this all my life. LoL!
you love me more(; follow me?
Oh I could give you a long list of people who don't give me what I want! :)
The techs at the imaging place found a bunch more kidney stones! Ooh My Gosh!! That shit is so painful!
checkbout feed just posted a buncj
Thinking about writing an agent query for "Princess Ava's Great Space Adventure" today. Very exciting!
Hehehe I did too a little when I say it.
what are you doing for Pattys day?!
congrats on your partnership with !
haters gone hate, dont mind em just stay busy , focused and youll forget about them...
Boy you fly but if I tell you? You might take it to the head..
Morning, u've done it again.
well talk about it tom. Now find someone who scantalated naruto and one piece
This is the sadness of the sea/waves like words, all broken—a sameness of lifting and falling mood -WCWillams. Apropros happenings.
dunno... perhaps because you'd be too fast for us?
Interesting tweet because last I heard you fired a manager because he was black. Are Mormons raciest?
Young ladies and young gay men, help yourself out: don't end end every sentence on an upward note. It lacks sincerity.
what happened to the Metro Greenline to Norwalk. There isn't even a working phone at Crenshaw.
Bathroom graffiti: "I am Slim Shaddy."
#AdamBuzz If you(not your label) are to choose next single out of Trespassing, what would it be?
Andre, do it for Utah
Lol. These are sound effect punches.
The magic you generate with your gift of song warms the entire SPIRIT on destination LoveLand!
short week. short week. short week.
Also, crap. I just heard thunder, which means there's lightning. Yes, I'm grown & afraid if lightning. #dontjudgeme LOL
Forgot how many stars there are outside the city
Well, it is hot in the city and the clothes are coming off! I saw a woman in a shoulderless dress on her way to work.
I wanna go see next Thursday!
strange question - are you a NFL, Baseball or Soccer man? Just that we are building a new platform too...
New sushi cart in Portland, 9th and Oak. Real crab rolls, unagi, spicy tuna. Add lots of wasabi and it's food you can feel. Perfect.
Thx I am sending you a note but you aren't following me.
But 100% of them actually do!
It's whatever. Going to bed now.
I'm losing service again. This happens all the time.
Well, that day was productive. #howsthewritinggoing?
Most people know about historians. But art historians = ? Seems like we need a PR campaign to make our work known to greater public.
If only knew how much i love him. Maybe hed follow me. Becuz i love him so much
glad to know someone shares my feelings! (:
Confirmed date for 's #bandingtogether2012 is June 21. Attractive Nuisance is coming for the crown this year!
anyone have any of those days where u just feel majorly terrible all day.. :/ today is tht day for me...
we r headed back to Milwaukee today but from what I have heard its beautiful there 2day 2! Weird march!! C u in Cubeland Monday!
I hate you.
haha yeah! Did you get the package where you get to meet them?
Omg my dog had a seizure
Swimmingly! Would have gone even smoother if my feet hadn't fallen asleep a quarter thru the last mile.
Checkout Epidemic Chronicles Music Site.
Welcome Frank. Please have a seat.
us fans would like to be put on IR as well.
very thought-provoking plenary talk on sustainability's emergence as a political/ecological movement and analytical lens
Hey guys, got any favorite #valentinesday #cocktails suggestions? Tell us!
When I call you ,i expect you to answer DAS WHY I CALLED !
mornin mr Wilson
when you're running for president. You still have roughly 18 years.
Everybody be safe!
I am THE most excited person for this summer!!!!
That was good. Very good
wow smooth move sir...
on the pictures of the conversation??
when you coming back to the chi?
On twitter or around the gym?
If your shorts are too tight they fold in the back
I would love to have the ability to puke out rainbows! That would be freakin' amazing! How about you?
Do u tweet normal people stuff ? Like "hey nice weather outside!" lol.
If they're vitally important, they'll call ya! Let me know if I can help with the nonprofit job search .
We've got some of our rough mixes back, if you want a copy hit us up!
Well kiss this season goodbye gamel torn ACL out for the season
Courage is fear in action..
have fun, don't speed! RT : Appleton bound w/
And "ass."
And #Gino hits 50 goals for the first time in his career.
don't forget my shirt!
Hi there! Thank you for the RT my friend! Have a great day!
I used to think Katy Perry said "Kiss me, Ki- Ki- kiss me, infect me with your left hand, fill me with your right one" Lol, I was messed up!
I'm wearing my new snazzy hoodie!
What makes you happy ?
#AchievementInArtDesign goes to #Hugo #Oscars I would have wanted #HarryPotter to win, but oh well. Hugo was well deserved.
you dont like your fanily=bad
Quite unhappy with accord as of late
Happy Friday to you too!
Happy Wednesday peeps. What's the new black?
Ain't done this in a while....damn o.0 lol
“: We're back! Live streaming in Miami with & warming up for
Oh so this is what drugs do to people
Agreed on that haha! I've been done with the circus for a couple years and working more on film now. Aren't you with another tour
Thanks for sharing your infographics. Let us know if we can make you some infographics. Email us at:
That's true. I think the chargers are due to unload on someone.
let's do it. And then peg kids in the face! Haha
My heart caves in when I look at you.
Respect the coach even when you disagree.
We have a few last minute spots for Kickball this weekend available in both NE and SW. Hit us up. 503-282-1155
just walked into the living room to find my mom looking at interviews..
- did you take your pic with the Mini from at our #NRAShow Booth yet?
she is hard to top. *rimshot*
Erie PA is a wrap!!!!! Lunch at then were heading home! My brother needs a cell phone since he went swimming with his
OH! Good for you!:)
loving that Cindi and I promise you I will push it to the limint
Our country's founded on kicking out Pocahontas, I wanna piss on Congress and call it trickle-down economics.
Monday Night Football is back! The game will be on in the bar so stop on by.
it was actually pinup star wars lol no lie
B.A.M.N INC. STUDIOS 4 LIFE
I'm down 90-82, opponent is done. Win I'm in playoffs, lose I'm out. Pick 1: Kevin smith tonight, Tolbert, lance Moore.
Interview at eight. Oh yea.
you are so good to me. ☕
Im into Metric....Only because im into Canada.
where r U??
Looking forward to hanging out with folks at 18th St. Lounge, stop by and have a drink if you can!
We can't wait for you to sanctuate, too. :) Have a great weekend!
what up PHA! Met you at the international music conference. My manager is Julia Huie Martin..I am a songwriter
Congratulations to #RepBarneyFrank on your Hubert H. Humphrey Civil and Human Rights Award!
The funny thing is, Dennis Miller got me back into comedy
": write me when u go to the :)!Im sure it ll be #amazing" I'm on my way!I can't wait!I'll find you
Goodmorning Tweepers and Happy Monday! It's time for a new week and new opportunities...take advantage...enjoy!
Congrats! I know you are relieved! Proud of you!!
I quit coffee this week...for one day.
Let's try for Sunday?
To keep cauliflower white while cooking - add a little milk to the water.
Well, tonight really hit the replay button. Except, hit a little harder. #tiredandworeout Tomorrow I can finally
She said if you really sit back and think about what's going.its really sick.lol and Lowkey it is think about all those kids you miss out on
And when you're needing your space to do some navigating. I'll be here patiently waiting to see want you find.
I know there was some tough competition at #CES. and I'm happy for the other winners, but thrilled for !
IS THE WINNER OF 2 TICKETS FOR THIS SUNDAY! CONGRATS. YOU CAN PICK UP YOUR TICKETS AT WILL CALL WINDOW. JUST SHOW YOUR ID!
A very productive day at work and more than ready to finish our mix in the lab
Desire A New Pilot Watch Surfing Designer Watches Plus More- diving watches
RT : How to get your company acquired 101: Build something people love, generate revenue, stop focusing on getting acquired.
Ted Nugent for Vice President!!!
your a funny ass fucker man. you going to UCB tonight? bc that'd be dope
Nicholas Vester, Craig Rogers and Brandon Largent all plead "not guilty." Each of their bond set at $10k. More updates at 4 & 5.
I'm still freaking out...
Yo I sent some beats to you, hope you check it out.
FCC nominees greeted warmly, but pressed on AT&T/T-Mobile staff report President Obama's two new nominees for the FCC--Republican Ajit Vr
Were not sure yet and if we meet up this weekend it will probably be downtown by the slides
Dont u all realize that asking to follow u while he is online is like asking him to notice u while 22 million other people R?
Things better heat up soon. Ugly stretch. RT “: Cold night tonight at #Tigers game. Felt like a playoff game in October.”
dancing with elephants can be like a tribal meeting only we;re a country
The Weather nice cant wait to see the Ratchetness
He is also a frequent blogger on the award-winning HubSpot Internet Marketing Blog
Great post! We had a blast presenting last year. Wish we were there this weekend!!
Jacoby Ellsbury's Emmy dress has weird bubble things on it.
Another busy day in the life of Nita Helping Hand? But busy is a very good thing! Have a Thoroughly Good Thursday everyone!
Yo dat lady on the mountin dew commercial real life look like a bird lol!
Happy #Valentines everyone! What's the best candy you've ever given or received on this holiday?
dear tumblr, i don't want to deal with you acting up. fix yourself. thanks.
Morning tweeters. For me bad week and still not getting better :/ but have you seen new official music videos? Check it out! Xoxo
Honcho lifestyle tip #13 - never judge a honcho by it's cover.
I thought Elise might be the one. She's inconsistent, but I like her. My faves are Philip, Jessica and Joshua.
I want churos.
somewhere down the road I might get lonely
Louisville Cardinals=Big East Champions.
LIFE CHANGES EVERY SECOND,YOU NEVER KNOW WHEN YOU NEED YOUR WATCH BATERY CHANGED!EVEN ON SUN.WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ! LOVE ROTTY PUPS
If your stuck in a hole, stop digging.....
RT Next month's #CaliforniaCoastalCommission meetings will be in San Francisco. We'll be live tweeting then too
Looks like is hitting up today at 4. We expect a full report.
UPW Orlando was awesome. 3800 people in room with Tony and it was electric. Our apps worked great - on to next steps
Today, I spent five minutes shaking a bowl of Jello because it looked cool. I regret nothing.
Love the song and video!!
Oh sh!t tonight at the box! Doing saint partys day right!
either this fly had babies or its ghost is haunting me :((( wahh dead fly ghost.
we're ready for ICFF and HD Expo 201! stay tuned for the latest news on Spanish Design!
Merry Christmas!
RIP ": 'The only place where success comes before work is in a dictionary.' Vidal Sassoon"
U know it!! LOL
9 courses - impeccably timed! Each delicate and delicious...
How often does the Bishop Don Magic Juan walk in to your gig? Tonight makes once for me! And yes the green suit and pimp cup are in effect!
You and I obviously aren't dating the same girls then... #JUST-SHOOT-ME...SERIOUSLY!!!
"Destroy Yourself then Get Back Up and Do It Again." -Me, Just Now
better to go san jose the bus/taxi in :)
2 a.m. update: Center of hurricane's eye 10 miles from Galveston. Storm moving NW at 10 mph. Winds still 110 mph
same with me
A man and his monkey pulled over in Florida
nothin aye do danni got a twitter
Nope RT : “ Why am i thinking todays saturday ?” cause u wanna get drunk?
I luv your Avi your on 🔥:)
loving this quote hun
glad to hear - talk to ya soon!
How about the Cards though?
people wound tighter than a 3 dollar watch should stop trying to tell time
A Happy Easter to each and everyone of you out there! Love from Blush Formals to you!
You do?!?!?! Ahh man I saw and met them today in LA!!!!
HOPPY easter, come on now
DE PERE, Wis. (AP) -- Police discover 4 bodies of family members in Wisconsin home; murder-suicide suspected
follow me lalalalal
will you be my friend? PLLLLLLLEEEEEAAAAASSSSEEEEEE!
BOYS BE THROWING SALT..... LMAO.... I DO IT FOR MY
Yum! Sounds delicious! RT : Make me a samichh!! With some chips& joucee
everything is good cuz..how ya been?
Thanks for the RT
yea for sure, i'm fairly close to you - so we should grab lunch sometime!
I wanna go to los vegas when the world is supposed to end
Had a great time in #Kansas with family, old friends, and new friends - now back to Florida to get back to work!
Let's hope the Redskins continue to have a great year!
So happy I got to see my cousin, !
im really sorry to hear that ashley! i know it sucks..i been through it when my best friend and i went to college
We have collected over 450 toys for Toys for Tots so far!Bring in a new, unwrapped toy today through Dec 18th to receive HALF OFF ADMISSION!
I feel ya
I think it's dumb when people call the Internet the world wide web.
SWEAR these bitches are goofies.
keeps us looking cute under a budget ;)
His backswing is ridiculous. Always has been.
Run up run up get done up run run up get done up #PayCheckGang TRU
lol at operation NIP.. Nope.. We found some deals on delta.. But nothing solid.. Imma hit u up this weekend
Love me or leave me. Hey! Where’s everybody going??...hope this will make you smile today!
Lol RT : #RHOA Sheree Fun Fact: Her son Kodi Whitfield goes to my high school. She better pay the bill cause Loyola don't play.
New post: Get savvy with the glassware ladies!
Yayyy I'm definitely gonna watch it then!
TKNCash1 Is officially taking over my TL because of the amazing performance, that i didnt see (but cant wait for yall 2 come back 2 chicago
i did so
Will do. Q: how do you "capitalize" by doing that?
woke up in a great mood #mommy&daddycometoday
I am in pain. Pain!
Live. Laugh. Love! and be happy. Peace(:
Creativity is a characteristic given to all human beings at birth
Yesterday's blasphemy is today's old news.
Hey, whats the name of your brewing co?
aww ok i graduate in November
Cold game
If your team ain't playing why you commenting on the game?
I must follow the people. Am I not their leader? - Benjamin Disraeli
Good morning everyone! What is the first thing you checked off on your to-do list this morning?
If you're walking on thin ice, you might as well dance.
Another day to keep pushing!!!! Never take it for granted
- Have studio tracks need "BLUES LYRICS" - Las Vegas - drop me a message! Thanks
Four new families called us today for help-- all are facing eviction or foreclosure.
How old are you now? 16? :-p
You girls are awesome and so happy for your success!
that's better!lol
I have a teeny tiny flash piece I kind of want to try doing as an audio thing. Do a lot/any zines do tiny audio?
watz good beautiful
this makes me laugh so much
I won't pass judgment. This sad all the way around. #deion&pilar
I'm rewriting my artist bio. Probably for the 4th time. This time I'll be true to my own voice.
Next #ypnchat will be in June! Topic, date, and time still TBD but be on the lookout for #socialmedia postings about it.
RT “ RT in front of your eyes, waiting for you to explore it and live it ! ": A whole new world"”
GOOD LUCK WITH FINALS
Bitches now a days needa get on their own shit..
I never want to go to jail again
Thank you so much for all link love! Oh so great! :-)
heard from coworker Lauren you are interested in Lots of good things happening, and we could use your expertise!
Seriously I can only cuddle wit da right person lol otherwise, take the bed, I'm rocking the couch!
Dreams take time, patience, sustained effort, and a willingness to fail if they are ever to be anything more than dreams.
it didn't happen but I am going to soon. I will keep u posted on my Über experience
I Hate Mondays but that means that another weekend is coming \m/ May 5 #CincoDeMayo Battle of the Bands. Come show some love
M.I.A. louge in downtown miami tomorrow night holla at me if you coming out .....
Thx for the follow Here's to sparking more creativity in the world. We need it.
:) Yep, sorry for the capslock it was stuck. haha
Oh fishy! That would be fun
walking STD's
At Bahama Breeze with J. The jerk tilapia is scrumptious!!!!
In the studio! Tracking guitar for our upcoming Acoustic EP! :]
I am surprised there wasn't more information. Poor Danielle to still not know.
introduction starting: Professor Michael Carroll to introduce keynote speaker Ralph Oman, former Register of Copyrights
I wonder...maybe if I broke up my syllabus into topics by day instead of by week I could cover more ground...except the point isn't coverage
Been really busy with the new position and haven't posted as much here. Lots of exciting new things happening though.
Headed to an exciting night at the Geosciences Department Dinner @ the W. K. Holt Center
You already know I am listening
I want to see this protein-infused bread!
Thank you for the Retweet LOVE :)
:) tell me why I haven't stopped by Jordan to say hello! Hope you're having an awesome time over there
Our next auction is on MAY 31, 2011. Come see us at Bid Daddy Auctions 4814 Hardware Dr. NE Albuquerque, NM 87109 505-344-4330
Bloodies and margs on an empty stomach and 3 hours of sleep. More like Sunday done-day.
Congratulations! I am not surprised :)
I'm ashamed to admit I forgot to vote :(
No worries. Just the prod I needed to get it working again quickly... :)
Jack White has a fierce female band backing him on #SNL... great performance.
How has CNET gone so long without inviting to have his own show? Is there no synergy left in the world?
Loving that today my to do list included "Respond to Library of Congress request" :-)
really appreciate you coming on the today.
And the oven in the staff lounge set the fire alarm off. I swear, today is Monday disguised as Tuesday.
Thanks for all the love but remember this is fan page. Yall gotta follow him!
