thank you xo
Mosquito bites are painful and itchy :/
for a minute i thought that was real armpit hair haha
is creepin (; maybe this could be the day he notices me? #NeverSayNever <3
This is for the Directioners who do The Inbetweeners dance ,Hoping they can do it with One Direction.
No gym this week with
Love when stops in.
So much fun running into you yesterday at #GoldsGym. Hope you have a license to carry those guns! :)
Its raining out, love the smell of the air when it starts to rain.
funny how when your dead people start listenin
"I try and love em in the physical not literal | and right after I hit it got to give a little nigga room"
that's kinda creepy haha
Got out of school today at 12 :) Easter Break sweet!!!!!!!!!! (:
I've had a semi for like an hour for no reason at all. What the fuck penis?
#MUSICNEWS Jay-Z visits jeweller on anniversary
RT“: I love big dick #straightup 😍😁”
First half of the concert has been amazing.
New Heart Disease Test
I have complained about scalpers. But in all reality no. This is america ya know :)
One-arm hang time in handstand and headstand this morning. Don't know what it means, but I have an overwhelming urge to say...BOOYAH!
This game is annoying me lol
...Heart attack averted. Go SDSU!
"The difference btwn a successful person & others is not lack of strength or knowledge, but a lack of will." - Vincent T. Lombardi
He just changed how an emerging generation experiences itself. Forever.
you are the worst!!!
Sunday Still: "...in the mid-1940s...Still asserted himself as one of the most formally inventive artists of his generation." - J. Golding
My dd is also considered special needs, but I don't see it. She just has epilepsy and it's controlled, so...
I need to move there then.
#SJP Varsity Game vs. Bonner at Ashburn is STILL ON! First pitch at 3:45pm.
Morning Twitter family. We just confirmed one more professional athlete that will endorse our brand for the 2010 season. Stay tuned!!!
WELCOME To all of my new fb fans!! Especially those sent by Pride Makeup By JMZ!!! XOXO!
how are you today beautiful? :)
Skin Care Survey: What's your favorite Coats Aloe product?
can I get my laptop for an hour or so? I have the sudden urge to jump on traktor
still waiting for the rain!!!!._____.
Good luck
If you are on an internet forum of any sort after RuRu, don't expect to not see a spoiler alert from the show!
when are you cominnq too LA ?(:
I'm sure we can schedule something. Where are you located? Shoot an email to us at to setup.
just increased by four.
yes can print Amtrak eticket at a station kiosk. You need the credit card you bought it with. Have a good trip!
I just followed her , please follow back and shout my name . I hope you noticed me ):
We aim to please;)
yessssir much luv to u fam holdin me down in 10akey..... Appreciate u bro more den u know fam
All best to your parents! (please excuse typo in earlier tweet)
Now is winning with 3.
Everyone seems to be dressed and ready for prom, doesn't that start like at 8?
About to Take a Shower and Then get dressed then later Volley ball Sign up and then Drill Team Practice (: !
Are you coming by for Taco Tuesday tonight at Lincoln's? $3 Coronas and tacos (the GOOD tacos).
I need to quit watching game of thrones my dreams are all prehistoric and shit.
Spacehog tonight. There are 50 more tickets just made available at the door. Who's in? Let's go!
Now I'm all neck!!! Thanks a lot.
I wish I could go to sleep early.
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. - Abraham Lincoln
Be in peace, stay in peace, keep in peace -
You are welcome! God Bless
do you have the same number?
Robert Pattinson is so handsome in water for elephants😊
If I had a dollar for each time delayed my missoni order, I'd be able to afford to buy it off of EBay instead.
I Don't Say Hi , I Just Throw My Twos Up .
Welcome summer students! Happy first day of school! We wish you good luck and great success this semester!
RT Please! Presale tickets for 'Speaking of...' October 1st capped at 100!
Okay let me try to find somewhere online to do it :p
PRECIOUS I SEE YOU GIRL
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes
Overeem's attorney is now casually tossing his own witness (Dr. Molina) under the bus.
Chilling waiting for classes to start.
I hate waking up from a nap more tired.
hi i love you show!!!
What a golden age in advertising when the focus relied on yelling and throwing a fit. I entered the design game way too late.
I'M ABOUT TO. Wanna help?
#teamhipster won't catch on because if it did I'd never use it.
Rep. Alcee Hastings introduces HR1815 to award Lena Horne the Congressional Gold Medal 4 her contributions 2 the #arts & civil rights
Sure you are. Older than Bella? Doubt it.
Oh How I Love Alabama!!❤
If u sat out the 2010 election and allowed the tea party to take over, 2012 u have a chance to make it right.
you need to research Paltalk.com on the internet racist movement at it's finest
apparently your friend of the show needs the English lesson
Texted Toria I loved her and never got a response 
We are switching to our winter hours effective 11/3. M-F 10a-6p and Sat 9a-5p.
“: How did I forget about the whole leaky boobs aspect of #breastfeeding? Oops.” | I still remember those days! LOL!
looking forward to yr tweets!
wht time you gne be at the studio ?
Just finish a weekend of nothing but school and the reset button has been hit. Thank god!
RT: 1 million tweets for 1 million prayers for our vets and people in uniform. Tweet, Pray, retweet - pass it on.
RT : Sweet spot for press release headlines is 30-140 chars, owing perhaps to the tweet friendliness of that length.
trying to! So glad now I have time to tweet!
Columbus state cougar challenge 5k run, sleet, cold, and OXYwater. Be looking for a on mile 3 radio broadcast
found him Team....google his name.
It's teacher appreciation week next week. What are your favorite gifts to give teachers? (and what is your fav gift to get, teachers?)
Thanks for the add. We have a biz networking on Monday at Feb6th at 11:30 and Taros. We hope you can make it.
Cabaret callbacks are tomorrow night! I'm singing it in my sleep now. =)
"From his mother's teet.." LOL
the real nuts are on that show the follows !!! Dance moms scares me !!!!
Can we get Xcode for iOS? Not having a good time with the Mac OS this week.
I can NOT believe what is happening on this monitor in front of my face right now. Like right now. This second. O_P eye twitch; mind blown.
Heading to bed! Time to get some sleep before a long day!
Tell me about it !!!
Rob thanks for following - I returned the favor. Let me know about your wine questions or thoughts anytime - David
Dancing is a wonderful way to burn off those extra calories. When you dance you are in fact burning away a lot of calories
lol i just wanted to get this out my system.
I can't wait to watch it and feel horrified about what my father apparently thinks of me.
Did he just say "Solomon and Gomorrah" meaning "SODOM and Gomorrah"????
Who you like for Green Bay V. New York this week?
In graduate school (again) so I can take care of my family. Training to be a librarian should not be considered a luxury!
don't get him goin!
some business i have an account with must have sold my cell number to a match-making firm in washington dc. wtf?
let me no
Find a purpose in life so big it will challenge every capacity to be at your best. - David O. McKay
Check for canonicalization issues – www and non-www domains
and i know what your about to say 'you didnt like taylor and now shes your best friend' i have a reason to not like this girl.trust me.
No problem! Why don't you give us a call at 1.888.346.3377 and we'll set you up with an appointment to see some places!
Hun, I only write english and that is sometime hard enough
Might hit the RWC, need a workout partner for today
"bear with me" not "bare" as I'd always assumed...the first so furry, the other stripped...
Wish I was with you guys :( Love you <3
I LOVE MY MOM :)
#24 wins it! What a glove save by Lundquist.
Gov's plan: Income less than $500k will not see their taxes rise. Sales tax less than 6 months ago. Money is for Education&Public Safety.
Santa orginally had a demon that dragged the bad boys and girls to hell
[Category : Non-profit/Equine therapy for those with disabilities] [Clear All Filters]
Once heard RSS=great cuz profs could get new lawrev articles-did not impress-?% of lawrevs have own RSSfeed?
Mouth to floor.. Dat dress it HOT!!! yes Gwen!!!
Minute to Minute weather updates. Might mean no #WDYTYA tonight.
my tooshie hurts from sitting...ahh:/
We are busy gearing up for the Jimmy Buffett on-sale this coming Monday! Who is planning to be online right at 10am?
fresh legs, go leitnet and perîsic
I notice EVERYTHING, even if i don't mention it.
": #ItSeemsLike when you're single nobody wants you, but once you're in a relationship everyone wants you."
She makes me Happy ☺
I cleaned the ashes out of my PC keyboard and a lung tumor fell out.
Our generation will be the wierdest grandparents.
Wonderful.... probably gonna have to move back to Utah this weekend...
Just saw this: www.greensmoke.com/6320.html The coolest green device I've seen, must see
I've been hit with so many interesting stories/emails since the C2C show-and I will do my best to get to them all-thanks 4 ur patience :)
And there they are. The ominous Earth Fair tents and portapotties.
GOODBYE I'm going ... and as every night to kiss a picture of and dream of <3 I know! I am madly in love
you are kidding?
Bout to get dressed & grab some breakfast. Time to get the day started!
Sam, only at Madison location just so you know.
You're too sweet.<3 I'll let Alex and Ian know of your affection!
"I know why they call it a napkin now... cause it sits on your nap."
I'm stuck in traffic HELL!!!!
Hey , we really enjoyed your social media preso at #F2C2 this year. Very creative and gorgeous pics!
sounds nice! My night was wonderful :) went to a show,saw one of my bestfriends play tonight.
Heh. No, I'm not. And that's what's scary. :-)
I don't want u to move ;c neither does
RT Nine years ago today, the war in Iraq began. Let us all honor those who have served and sacrificed for our country. –mo
Happy Home Movie Day!
#FollowFriday Hope you have a lovely weekend! (via )
And your body is the harp of your soul, and it is yours to bring forth sweet music from it, or confused sounds. — Kahlil Gibran
New Axe brand Golden Axe: "When you like to rape and pillage in 16-bits as much as you do in the club."
facebook really is boring as shit
Game Day is finally here! Who's coming out for 's home opener?
All of the GREAT Masters were once a disaster. Don't be so quick to
Did you ever get help with your Twitter following issue? We follow far fewer and experienced the same (temporarily) yesterday.
Happy about the W Sox but why didn't you at least keep the split screen? Alot was missed by us Red Sox fans! Try to be FAIR!!!
Acting is just professional lying.
I'm pretty sure I fainted a little when I found out. Everyone got him books for Christmas that year though!
Love dogs? One more reason Find out about supporting these amazing service dogs at www.southfloridaalerts.com
I Cried When i found out Bruno performed at Del Mar Fair and i didn't go.
Did you know Family Roots Travel does family vacations in addition to roots travel?
beauty > the gun pointing in our faces. omg. gor-ge-ous.
A sense of humor is a major defense against minor troubles
Well today was an eventful day. Not the best. Not the worst. Can't complain:)
At my granny house watchn everyone work, i have a headache
LETS GO RANGERS!!!!
I'm used to it- people get that wrong all the time!
Somewhere between 2 and 4 pm downtown Austin is gridlock now and for the next four days. Do NOT drive in downtown Austin unless you must.
RT : It's rally day. Fired up. -bo
.......mebbe I do, Mr. Shani. Consider the gauntlet thrown! Nataya is on my team, you can have
A night in Paris @ The Anchor .... one week to go .. March The 8th !!!! NYC ru ready ?
You know Tyga the rapper his new song you should che it out.
Digitization for Access: does serve the "specialized researcher" and the "simply curious"?
If your in the Boston are, come check out the "Sal DiFusco Project" at the Ryles Jazz Club in Cambridge, Ma. on 4/6/12!!!
"Saying I'm almost there" when you actually haven't even left the House"
"One of the distinctive strengths of Needham’s novels is that he has the urban landscape of Asia down absolutely cold." -The Bangkok Post
conservation documentation, that is. however could be used for planning workflows and seeeech
What day are you coming?
Thanks for the RT!
Day of silence today with but she's already struggling. Haha love her
bitch if you weren't pregnant I would have beat yo ass on moreland..stay the fuck off my Twitter monster lookin ass bitch.
I'm sure the fact there's no food stamp program on the moon is part of Newt's thinking.
Take me on a trip , I'd like to go someday 🎶
Pirates without curfews, our favorite kind!
said "A man who burns bridges rather than builds them, will eventually find himself out of roads to take..."
Pee Dee, Eh?
A bed you need a bed I be.
I missed the deadline for online reg for HASTAC2011. Can't tell from the website: can I register in person Saturday morning? Thx!
just ask for it the next time you are there. you'll thank me later.
Anyone trying to play bball with me and
HuddleHub will be at Buffalo Billiards on 6th street tonight at 8r. Come on by and talk about Selection Sunday with us. Woot!
#TheThingIHateTheMost People always announcing they need new "texting buddies" y'all need to be lookin for a Life...
: on what
hahaha what did they say?
Back on Twitter thanks to :)
Had my headphones on at work. Thought I was singing quietly to myself...Oh, Hi everyone watching.
Track meet tomorrow 🏃👟
RT : We are all here for some special reason. Stop being a prisoner of your past. Become the architect of your future.” –...
It's really disconcerting how easily many conversations can be knocked off the rails by asking "why?" a few times.
BANK ROBBERY LEADS TO HIGH SPEED CHASE
Absolutely agree. Have to really strategize on what will work best for your business and what you have the time to do right.
wedding, dumb bitch! lolol
I see you too
I am so behind on TVD! And yes, he is very nice to look at AND listen to... ;)
oh uh also and most important. Come to trivia tonight to bask in the glow of my wit and charm. Yeah. You wanna.
'Oh my god, look at him, he is in a living hell.' re: facebook group with baby photos.
bulls vs sixers = possible sweep
“: makes me want to go to Africa lol” lets go
Mr.Pujols,just want to give you some humble advice.Lighten up on the grip an hold it like a bird in your hand.Dios Lo Vendiga!
Lockhart ISD closed today due to heavy rain and power outages.
can't believe I had another dream about u and I'm not evening dating u.but I wish I was ;) </3
or... (Sam to Mike) "When the time comes to rescue a bunch of rich women trapped in a brewery, you better step up."
“: RT Checkered Flag - wins the #Daytona500. Ninth driver to win multiple Daytona 500s. #NASCAR”
Hello everyone..go web page chk out the trailer to my movie n order the dvd to my movie. W.epidemicchronicles.com
Writing about the Meditationes vitae Cristi in 15th c. England. Carthusians, Birgittines, and lay readers. Oh my!
#visage CEO and chairman of the board shares the 4cs of leadership: curiosity, courage, confidence, collaboration at
RT : Glad its so >> #LiNC - community is no longer a silo. Plays a key role in social across multiple LOBs. |We are making it happen
heck yeah! Shes a madhouse! She got double teamed!
I am a customer for #ChemSpider as I am still a practicing research scientist (in my spare time). How many of my colleagues are?
West Side Story
many thanks. It was cute, bunch of 5 yr old trying to get on Americas funniest home videos I swear
Smoking dem paper planes racking UP on my air miles
Going H.A.M About His Niece Wedding! Too Funny!
so am I;P woman! Anyways we should prolly stop fighting:p unless you refuse again
RT : If you become close to someone in a short period of time, be on the look out. A true friendship takes a while to develop.
Know who your true friends are.
my dad, 61 y.o. high school biology teacher & former luddite, is taking a class today on using the iPad in classroom!
The City's Church is going multi-site & multi-city! If u feel called to be a church planter join us!! 2 yr internships for Lead Pastors
Today will be a long day. Starting at 8 a.m. and ending at 11p.m. with only 2 thirty minute breaks.
you're welcome (:
woken up by my parent's friends replying all on every text message. haven't slept past 7 am in months.
Don't forget to vote in the elections today students!
Still waiting
Tweet me if I'm not following you back :)
check out Founder of CoffeeCup software the Pres,CEO,Chair & Founder of Ukeycheyma personally follows him as well
you suck. lol
M&M COMMERCIAL.. LOVE IT.. TOO FUNNY!! BEST ONE SO FAR...
i never tweet cuz i feel like nobody cares
When ppl make fun of Christ I just... I just want them to be judged by God, SORRY JESUS!!!!
Cashier at store just asked me, "Is your mom named Bob?" Would give anything to see my own face right now.
Im so good at being sarcastic , i love me(;
Who's mix tape or CD is a must have out there right now that's yall checking for in hip-hop or R&B
A week ago it was T-Rich/Wright/Weeden, then from Weeden to Massie. Now I'm leaning Rich/Cordy Glenn/Rueben Randle.
wonder if #oomf is still mad/trippen ..
"He died in Cincinnati" Glee is hysterical
thanks! client likes it too, so I just need to do some fine tuning, etc :)
lol no they make me look like I have a penis XD
definately planning to watch the show...that said, any plans on a return to kron? lol..
Basketball sectionals tonight!
No prob, thanks for the music!
He's a natural movie star. RT : Hey, we know that guy! Yeah Raj
Man to man is so unjust...
Now #StateFarm has commercials during football games. What happened to the #doublediscountcheck commercials?
Water is so delicious on a day like today
Gambling is a way of buying hope on credit.
This is my 10,000th tweet brought to you in part by #RichardJohnson and the #JohnsonNJohnsonCorporation sponsored by #DeseNUTS !!!!
Maybe new extensions? Hm, I dunno.
thanks for the follow- I was just thinking about you. :)
OMG, delusions are rampant in every direction of crays. Sigh...
Happy Mothers Day To All The Moms:D
well she does have Girl Parts if that counts for anything
Oh yeah it was probably fairburn city police. Put my shit back where you found it. I'm not kidding. Act like you don't know. Fuck you!
Went well. Some great "news packages" from the students.
The student loans r all a BIG SCAM - they FLEECE disabled Americans & dont give us the prof licenses we worked for
"flat is the new increase" (w/ regards to state arts funding)
So proud and honored to be a speaker for #LA especially since I'm meeting so many amazing women
must fall asleep with contacts in so i can see clearly in my dreams.
Ahh, hanging with the boyfriend and friends today (; <3
Happy Friday, tweetie pies!
Who wants 2 make love tonight? Candles lit, roses, warm bubble bath, baby oil, blind fold, honey, feathers, anal beads, & a soft wet tongue!
it's a long story lol
She said she don't got money but she can give me head.
Headphones in til lunch time :p .
I mean who thought that was fly. Now I gotta leave it on because it cost 10 dollars.
We're also playing #LA on Monday night with for their residency
Want to perform on our stage? Our early sign-up list is full, but you can sign up in advance at our next show Jun 1.
Camilla Ma Is Down a'f.
Wife's birthday next week. I want to take her out for good food, nice atmosphere. Any ideas, New Mexico?
Thanks - product will go out in tomorrows mail
Thanks for the RT, You do great work!
It's the concept of combining different learning environments: mobile, classroom, and online to help students learn.
just saying..You're only a little bit obsessed with demi,right? I mean.It's so not obvious at all!-I'm being sso sarcastic loll
Join the book group at the Metuchen Library, Tues Oct 12th at 7:30pm for a discussion of "The Way of Herodotus."
I'm with you, I'll take heaven knows any day over their crap!!!
get a ps3 lol
Hightower fits the #Steelers system better then the #Ravens FWIW
Let me know if U need backup. Lol! Krazy is not exclusive to
STFTK is stay together for the kids it was on the album take off your pants and jacket and the video was shot almost 10 yrs ago
no that Houston dude was nude but we have another guy who wears a thong cycling in Austin, bad sun burn in the Texas heat! HA!
#StuffKidsDo .... Write love letters then at the end put Circle yes r no if u like me
I'm watching Big Bang Theory, I really don't like Will Wheaton.
That looks great! Nice, shiny espresso machine, too.
Thank you James. Nice of you to say.
It is so hot in my bedroom! I may never sleep.
I won't. and it's cool. #onlyatruefriend would do that -.- :p
They just voice voted to concur. They're on third reading now.
Congress has also declared that any correspondence between the Commanding Generals of two separate armies will be postage free.
I am team unfollow if you stop following me
You can't break a girl who doesn't care 😊
Everything baby 😘 . He he ❌❌❌. Work then training . How about u
Aquafresh Extreme Clean with micro-active foaming action - for that rabid dog taste. Glad I got a five tube mega-pack at Costco.
The opposite of fear is faith.
Less than an hour... Alright Milwaukee!
My only competition is MYSELF
OK, that was one of the stranger things I've ever seen.
cigarette style for sure!
I wish all the world's denizens ate as well as my dog.
@ my cuz house watchin take him to da greek its fuckin funny nd just got stood up by my boyfriend nd pist but same time I am okay...
thats what i use on my cardio days, not bad for the abs either.
thanks girl!
maybe more like the Dennis the Menace of history.
Sweets...even if I catch diabetes o_0 RT : What do you think would be the hardest thing for you to give up?
Thanks for the wonderful anniversary presents today - best was spending the whole day with Love you!
Hot beverage sales almost double on cold days like today. The Coffee sleeves on those beverages can have your ad or Brandon message on them.
When did it become neccessary that food be "poppable"?
Happy Halloween! Vote for your favorite pumpkin designed by the Residence Inn and SpringHill Suites staff!
Going to an #Oscar watch party? Come pick up a sweet treat at Magnolia Bay Toffee before the #AcademyAwards!
No fun! feels your pain. Where are you located? We can get it fixed pronto.
when will you be back home?
Last night there were 7700 people watching the let's get out and support the winningest team in
The website is still being designed. However, check out www.operationsoundoff.com to see a glimpse of what we're about on our intro video!!!
#bed time
If people are not allowed to draw muhammad, how can they tell it's Muhammad being drawn if no one has ever seen him drawn?
Thank you refs for obviously having money on Syracuse to win this game. I have them winning obviously.
": I love you, you said you loved me, yet I still do, but you've moved on."
Wow... All i can say.
Don't forget, bad city with tonight at the Roxy! Doors @ 7!
#LynyrdSkynyrd will be in #Kingsport, TN for #FunFest in July inside #JFredJohnson Stadium!!!! oh yeah baby!!!
look at my icon please & follow me? :D
So drafting. Yeah.
the msg too deep 4 most. enjoyed it. i liked the effects of the peacocks' anger on his life. can't hold on to that buddy
#bestjeopardycategoryever: The Most Popular Netflix Movies
Literacy Kansas City hosts 17th annual Corporate Spelling Bee
I sincerely doubt there is one soldier or sailor alive who would say that. Stunning & grotesque.
My favorite conference speaker response, which I've used often myself: we have nothing to announce AT THIS TIME.
I do not mind if all I am is just a friend to you, but all I want to know right now is if you think about me to
The wind today is obscene. Just thought I should say.
GOD BLESS AMERICA is funny and energetic and highly enjoyable and has absolutely no idea what it's on about. Disappointing.
o, in southfield?
Only 25 more likes to go! Share this page with your friends, and help us reach 2000 by tomorrow!
look on facebook!
Davis blocks shots like the only adult at the Nerf goal.
i had to catch up on tech articles I missed while at Coachella and #pinning... I don't sleep! You know this! Well, Banks does.
My cat high fives me.
Good luck with your interviews next week! where are they at?
Hey girlieeee!! Welcome to twitter 😃
RT : RT : Tests are a snapshot while eportfolios are a movie. #edchat Now if tests were more like animated gifs...
I still don't know how to use this thingy
true that babe.
Creating a planet has proven quite difficult.
Sick of the Come on Irene drops. The song is Come on EILEEN. There are lots of songs with Irene. Goodnight Irene off the top of my head.
Bc I know stress + me = crazy
This really bums me out too.
Thanks for the follow! Can I send you a play? Matthew Ethan Davis, plays published at Indie Theater Now.
RT : A4: I think that it is helpful. But it may also be useful to remain flexible. That way u dont overlook opportunities
the new bird was fabulous as was the private tour....fill u in ! Can't wait gorgeous!!!! Xo ;)
RT : Unflushed automatic toilets indicate the presence of vampires.
hey could you follow me? you were great at teen hoot last night!:)
#LoseMyNumberIf you call me because you're being chased by a pack of wolves while I'm eating dinner. We all have problems.
If anyone needs a hook up for a mother's day retreat this weekend...hit me up. Got a good one at the SLS :)
Birchbox is amazing! You'll have to let me know what you get.
Witnessing someone make the same bad decisions over and over and over <<<<<<<
“: Tiger nation fire up. Spoon shoulder bumping everybody in sight. I love players who shoulder bump.” Wittenberg Tigers?
call me as soon as u can. It's important
Tift Merritt plays the every morning while the staff sets up here. Sounds pretty!
So all of a sudden you "hate her" lol does me talking to her have something to do with that?.
Don't forget the exhibition will be at until February 26!
Call Me Maybe is playing my local hairdressers
The best part about working with digital manuscripts instead of the real thing? Nobody cares if I sneeze.
it'd be dose...not does...just saying
You were just asking her what's already in the book. She could have just to everyone to buy her book. Con't
Yes, that's right. The Pull-tizer's kind o'like the Pulitzer, only more prestigious.
Kellen Winslow is a soldier, and Nevin Shapiro is an idiot
“: Black Friday and playing tournaments made me forget that my brain is an ATM if I need it to be.” i like that.
do you mean making your #gridworks running instance accessible by other people? read-only?
I miss you! One love.
The WWE is coming to Blue Cross Arena May 13. It's Story Toppers Time!!! What Teacher vs. Student fight do YOU remember? 222-6000 TEXT:80761
Are you really A&R.. cuz i got some good stuff for you if you are
Or is it world of warcraft? Who cares
For some people,a set alarm for a specific time to wake up is merely a suggestion
#Top100Lies She's just a friend.
Downside to studying outside: bugs will fall from the trees and crawl all over your shit
it's #thirstythursday , why am i not drinking yet??
Congrats, Doug! What a fantastic opportunity.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN. YOU WONT SEE THIS COS YOUR BDAY IS SUCH A BIG DEAL THAT EVERYONE'S TWEETING BUT AYYAYAYAYAYAYAYYAYA!
Not celebrating yet... one more to go!
do diet sodas jack up blood sugar levels?? I may drink one or two sometimes in a day for the caffeine
I think the background noise at the massage therapist's today was the sound of mermaids being tortured. fun!
Know, first, who you are;​ and then adorn yourself accordingly. ~Epictetus
that's good bro, didn't mean anything by it but we got to get more people to!!
I love the guys on Duck Dynasty. One example why: they got into an argument on how often satellite imagery is updated, (1 of 2)
'm is different good??'
Blasting one direction at 10 in the morning!
Yes. There's one plant here that smells just like licorice. No idea what it is, anise? I don't know what they have planted .
fuck you David Gill!
Dutch Proverb~ A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
Thinking about getting new countertops? Soap Stone is a good choice... no etching, heat resistant, non-porous (doesn't stain).
Arnold Palmers and sport clay shooting at Dallas Gun Club
A dream like this is worth taking a chance for and some people might have to get hurt along the way.
Ancient Maya city of Copan, Honduras - UNESCO World Heritage Site. Project received to NEH ODH grants. Fieldwork on site.
congrats, and well deserved
Astronauts & on #sts134 - wishing you a safe journey and a successful mission!
lol me. Too it's hilarious
im movin on without u !!!!! you just never could appreciate my worth . but you know the old saying U DONT KNOW WHAT U GOT TILL ITS GONE
xD lol your twitter name thou.
Seek Justice, Love Mercy, Walk Humbly With Your God.
There was much eye H20 when the #nasadryden folks finished their day and received an ovation 3 hours after official events ended
*back ;P
Wearing my Beastwood swimming shirt :')
You too Roxie!
no offense besides Kemp? Andre Ethier is pretty good too.
- anyone looking to cancel their #marriot copley reservation???
I'm bored af and me an deja gone fight :-)
always love a beautiful smile!!
OKC is just fun to watch.
Quite lame. Roy needs to just make up his mind.
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Phenom 150: Tyler Patterson ⁰Rising 9th ⁰San Pedro, CA ⁰Travel Team: Miraleste ⁰Point Guard 5’2
killing time. Echo and the bunnynen.
you are the last person tht tweet was for
I don't think you understand, Olivia... I'm the horny old broad in this relationship.
where are you? I will buy you shot at Distil!
Ball so hard my ankle hurt lol!!!!!!
Thank you for the reply and link. Very encouraging for this young developer.
LOOK TYE! #DaddiesHuntingBuddy RT Max is in awe of the bear
: thank you for following me.I'll check you out also.have a great tuesday
Why Nick? Why?
Shirt design looks great! (Loyal CP reader here; read and own all your books- most in hardcover!)
In #Oakland showcasing my book at MAPS 25th Anniversary Conference. Please stop by my booth!
Chopping it up with my nigga....
RT : How many passing yards will Dalton get against the #Seahawks on Sunday?
No, I'm in a twitter class with my better half. Have fun
:) RT Wife wearing plaid tights and black boots! Not much better than that!
Main St. Philharmonic and Voices of Liberty will be involved in a memorable Flag Retreat to commemorate #9/11.
Bye, bye, Mubarak! Good riddance! Hello to a new day in Africa!
Very cool site! Thanks for letting us know about it.
come pick me up...i forgot something at my house in cali we will be back by next weekend haha
Life's short. Live large.
Hahaha, it's called being a dedicated fan. :) I'm in the same boat.
I can't wait for games too start :)
I was all over it.
WHATT!!! whose your teacher???
Friend's a strong word...
Enjoying discussions at #BT2Duke. Still find there's nt enough dialogue on economies of doing activist/intellectual/digital work...
Just got to do a country radio survey and Storm Warning was one of the songs...rated it a "Favorite"
Hey when you going to present at #SXSWedu Show folks we are changing eLearning in #HigherEd - is ready to participate
Merry Christmas NFL Fans.......LETS GO BROWNS!!!!!!!
I would take a 12 hour nap.
So true RT : If you're looking for solutions to organizational & leadership challenges, the mirror is a great place to start
I can back that. They're actually a big influence on Will, our guitar player.
fromage d'cottage
I've survived a year without you . Love you grandma <3
Your Welcome. They were happy to see you!!
My dude said #plaque is whack..!!!
somewhere John Edwards, Roger Clemens, & John Travolta's attorneys r working on their billing
OH YEAH!!! DAMN I FORGIT SORRY !!!
And I suppose eye-rolling is "active looking"?
Nice Banksy avatar
good night(; lol
learning to like kale.... slowly
Fact! RT : Clearly NOBODY who works for Facebook has an iPhone or they would know how seriously shit their App currently is
Still not sure what other solutions Nance offers
In "Matching Books & Communities".
Hope BF3 iS worth the wait
oh okay
lovin the playlist, discussion and my cup of joe life couldn't ask for better morning!
And Rod B
listening to justins playlists on youtube. #goodmusic right here
maybe, but that's something we need to plan very very carefully, i have no idea how to do it...
no scrapbooking for me- just buying stuff for Terra's art class
lol!! its for a albumn release party....
my mom used to do the exact same thing when I was learning to drive
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY! Woop Woop! We are all very excited over here at BCT!
Thanks for getting the word out!
you got it! When are we going back? I'm ready to plan our next magical vacation!!
Loved "The Interrupters". Alex Kotlowitz/Steve James are gifted storytellers. CeaseFire, are true healers.
appreciate ya love :-*
Man... What a horrible choice. One friend for another.
Everyone around me is so much more fortunate than I am and they don't even know it.......
Wow Rebels, maybe you guys should have put in that full court press a bit sooner?
This damn Moscato!!!!
I hate when someone cries and i cant do anything about it ...
A man in Croatia has taught birds to Tweet. They now have 1 million followers. LOL
Life dangles sleep in my face and laughs as it takes it away. Life is a bitch named Bertha.
hey Big Al could you stomp your big boot right on face ... He's got mad smack to spit about your broncos !!
You're welcome. Thank you for the informative & insightful tweets! : )
Boy watches Smurfs. Girl watches Dr. Seuss on the Loose. Occurs to me that Paul Winchell (Tigger) is also Gargamel and friend of Sam I Am.
Omg I go to the moon
Damn, Captain Beefheart. God rest ye, merry gentleman.
You just signed up today. So, at least you have an excuse. I don't have one. 9 books behind with fingers crossed.
max!!! It's jay. Can't get a hold of you. Are you still coming to wet?
But for really though, I Ain't Mad At Cha!!
- May 23, will be the release of the video, I will keep that in mind no doubt!!
we can still dress you but you may have a lot of tucking in to do with your shirts!
thanks for the follow!
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too! LOVE WA Wines!
The ball is tipped . . . Happy NCAA tournament day!
congrats holly on ur nom u deserve it what a great experenice luv u
Going to the carnival today!
Nice job!!
Sorry - I just saw this. 2nd time I called received help. Thanks for follow up. Knew amex couldn't let me down.
Are we going to see Dubz after class?
twitter, my love, how ive missed you
This concert is just amazing. Hope all u jazz lovers are watching it or listening
hands down is vanilla ice.
Morning a few hours late & Thank you for the
I seriously can't wait for Common Law to start. It's like Psych, but more violent
Touchy he-man is touchy.
Painting, packing, cleaning.
yes, i had a man this morning while i was getting coffee dressed like a bumb tell me he wanna link up tonight.
I'm sad that my little sister is stuck alone in Chicago because her flight was delayed!
So bored need a break
Actually feel very sorry for Donald Trump's wife tonight. She looks like an old hooker. Can't someone help her dress??
I just finished a 3.29 mi run with a time of 30:31 with Nike+ GPS.
Can't knock the
Yet a man it was, I could no longer be in doubtabout that
Seems likely it will get done. is the best at giving updates if you're interested.
Thanks for the kind words!
literally erica and I were talking about priscilla today and how much I will cry when the closing date got announced and then..
"We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand -- and melting like a snowflake" ~ Marie Beyon Ray
When I feel the need for structure in my life, I listen to
Getting ready to film the first scenes today
@ Supporting Digital Humanities in the Library in Constellation B
HEADS UP: Motorcycle FHP with radar on 95 southbound inside emergency lane between Northlake & Blue Heron.
Who wants MB #Imagine tweets? ;)
Mcnair Gannon Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
We are creating a new page to share our videos and multimedia pieces. Should we use YouTube or Vimeo? What are your thoughts?
I want to generate SQL based on some object's state. Should that SQL-generating code be extension method, partial class, other, and why?
If doesn't come to pittsburgh for his Believe tour I will fly anywhere in the world just to see him.
hey! I know I'm a bit late, but congrats on the puppies(:
Like they know. :-) RT : It's nearly 70 degrees already in the #Denver area. (At least that's what just told me.)
"when and where playa?"
- the Sledgehammer Peter Gabriel?
Unless you the blueberry flavor (:
good question. Makes me question their list quality!
WHY NAWT?! I TOOK A PICTURE!!
My idol in my country & I just came back :( RT : Fun times in the Dominican Republic with the whole family!
Love it! RT : ROI does not mean Remorse Of Inaction.
my Alma material too!!!!
everybody do the tips! you gotta do somthin new
Ozzie says part of the problem is "lost in translation" theme from Spanish to English
I want a girl that can wear the shit out of a head scarf
i hope my bitch does well on SNL tonight
Hopefully! Loved your video. Don't bow to pressure. Peer or otherwise!!!
Very happy for your good news. Fingers crossed that things keep moving in positive directions!
Merry Christmas!
are u from Vegas?
we are working on our album now
Thanks for retweets. Good stuff happening in Sin City
Is there anything DIDN'T win?
What type of frappe do you like?<3 #CarmelAllTheWay :)
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
Nashville!! We are playing this Thursday, May 17th at Dan McGuinness on demonbruen with Panfish. Go on at 10 pm! Hope to see u out!
thanks for the follow Megan!
Hello Greta van der Rol. Thank you for your follow.
yes we talked a little this morning :) its nice to able to talk to everyone
oh no! Haha I was sitting there wondering, how do they DO that!?! They covered 80 different topics in 10 minutes :o
Hey , you going to the game tonight? If so, let's meet up.
It's Gonna Be Bombastic Love Everything Is Gonna Be Alright When Im Yours And Your Mine!
If you click the "Get the app" button, it should bring you to the app store so you can download the iOS app.
The excitement in #Vegas is higher than normal with the #iheart Radio Music Fest this weekend! Are you coming?
Best. Movie. Ever. is on. One guess: Toepick.
We are welcoming Spring with open arms! Hurry Spring!
I've been toying with the same idea! The emacs keybindings in VS are just not enough!
Who said that LMAO
you always find the gross things on social media haha
Woah, what an honor to be followed by you Thomas! :) Been a fan for a long time! :)
It shouldn't be too long. The swag god starter kit takes like 5 business days to be shipped
You are likely a better actor :)
likewise, sir! Great 'meeting' ya...
Chillin on it..
Wow. Dismantling.
We want to serve our Hawaiian Poke Bowl to Los Gatos! We are already in Saratoga DT and San Jose DT We Love Los Gatos CA.!!!!!
That's my Thought of the day I'll be back this afternoon to let you know something else.
I agree!! #motivation ": JLo's body is the reason why I exercise 5hrs a day. I want to look like that. #IFBRedcarpet #Oscars"
Being fake is the new trend now, so I guess everyone is in style.
God Morning!! All smiles this am.....!!
Recovery mode..salads and water for the next month
On hold with #BankofAmerica since nothing can be done w/ accts opened in CA in non-CA banks... Seems outdated.
ugh walking around herds of other people... blah. I think a good long bike ride on the beach would do it :D
Thanks boo
I did not achieve this position in life by having some snot-nosed punk leave my cheese out in the wind.
Bout to create the account
My wife, watching Girls: "That couch is from West Elm. Are you impressed with me, or do you hate me?"
Hope everyone is having a great weekend.
Thanks, I'll be practicing civil litigation, so no convictions. But I'll do my best to seek justice!
This is shaping up to be an epic gathering.
Going for photoshoot for famous woman magazine. I look pretty.
I get sketched out by niggas real quick.. Certain circumstances have made me real cautious of my surroundings
Great #Spring day for 's Rule No.1 "There Are No Facts Inside Your Building, So Get Outside" I'll bet there are customers there.
Carol Lam Sr Vp sharing her experiences with leaadership. I'll be sharing snippets of her speech
Heart to heart's with for hours on the phone. So thankful to have him!
tweet, tweet...
Some things are better left unsaid
I plan to run one closer to the actual event so it doesn't get buried beneath newer content!
Stopped by Crosscurrents for a last look. It's so different w/louvers open to let in the natural light! My loss, Berlin's gain.
Don't forget to come next Monday and Tuesday from 12-2 for free massages and candy from Golden Hands Massage!
that is an absolutely insane stat
Carlos Beltran signs with Cardinals
I seriously hope the zit on my nose is an April Fools joke!
Ditto. Taking it tomorrow to Binghamton, NY. Can't wait for hours of R&R.
Hope all is well with your soul.
That's a good question. How is it you're in my feed if I don't follow you? LOL RT : ...trying to figure out why
I am so ready! I love talking to you. :)
The worst feeling is missing somebody and knowing that they don't miss you back.
The only thing missing at Jimmy's is.....YOU! Beer is cold and food is hot!
Sorry to the ones I'm texting. My grammar is awful and I'm taking forever due to fake nails. Lolololol
I AINT HOLDING #GRUDGES IM JUS BEING SMART! IF U DO IT ONCE ULL PROBABLY DO IT AGAIN!
That's not very considerate of your phone. (Seriously, try unplugging your cable modem and router for a couple minutes).
Jus realized the Homey is tweetin from an iPhone. Welcome to the real word sir. Enjoy ur new toy!
the randomness songs be coming to my head lol
Wud B nice 2 offer both. I have intolerances to gluten, dairy & soy... No pretzels 4 me, pass the peanuts!
working with a lot of great people as of late, a new EP is on the horizion...
Welcome #SuperSpecialNewFollower Congrats on your tour - we tweet
what did you think of the foxtails video?
Spinning live on www.danceradio.ca tune in!
its okay to snap at me when your boyfriend is being a bad boyfriend, I UNDERSTAND:]
thanks for the follow, Have always wanted to visit New Orleans. Looking forward to great info.
heading to Pittsburgh with 10 friends to check out the series against the pirates this weekend. Debauchery will ensue.
Just talked to my mom for fifteen minutes before I realized she thought I was my sister because she said things like “I’m proud of you”
you're welcome sexy, I'm good, in a relative sense .. how are you bud?
Em snapped as usual
Its only 9am & this day can already suck it
the coconut cream pie larabar rocks!!!!
I certainly will. It's been really interesting so far.
2nd test - going to try to Tweet from the SHA conference.
Rain just encourages all the stupid allergen factories that call themselves plants.
Oh, okay. is indeed in charge of all their badges. We'll be giving out ours before noon.
probably cuz it sounds so unbelievable :D jk
I also have to say it's the Phantom's Red Death costume.
you were only asking what we all want to know. This was his screwup, not yours. If anybody looks 1" tall in this it's Bo.
will all the candidates show up?
Wow...looking forward to the end result...although the journey is great to follow too...nice to see a team at work!
Need donations of gift certificates (i.e. - national restaurant or retail chain). Will be randomly given to one of our donors. Please help
I'm full; chinese is so damn good.
I already emailed all teachers and the director. :)
I'm available if you'd like to talk about how Smokin' Joe Frazier taught me to knock out business competition. :)
Perfect. Absolutely Perfect. RT Sunday morning = newspaper + coffee
I can´t wait for my birthday! EHEH!!!
I'm excited because we haven't been to the playoffs since 05, but the momentum we had feels gone, #TebowTime now?
Getting rest...Big Day 2morrow Field at Mile High!!!
I REALLY want a donut.
I wish I could have some stuff off of American Pickers
All packed for LA tomorrow!
Now it's broken again.
RT need new iphone already. fml.
that's something that could have been on a Amazon wish list. LOL!!!
tuck in your shirt! oh wait, I'm sorry, HE LOOKS GREAT!
Have you worked professionally in an accent other than your own before?
Work at 7am, cool -___- night !
Indiana seems to be going right at Wiltjer each time down the court.
haha very good! That would be Direct Messages then ;)
Only On The Weekends ^...^
Why not? We're crazy cats with a food blog. We need profile pics for Facebook. That's just the way we roll.
I just wanna know that trying is worth it for once
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” ― Oscar Wilde
“: ....Only been about 2 wks and just surpassed my 100th tweet." // You are out of control!!! lol, hilarious
Done, that was easy!
I have to Big U Up 4 High Grade .. I was just being sarcastic but U came on Point ... I will have my save my ? cause U dont Play
Really wish that jQuery would have made the whole attar() prop() switch a little easier.
Please follow My new morning gig with Rick Armon. Still on Green and Gold Today at 9am.
Yayyy for surprise tests! <
could one of the wwe superstar inbox me please got important stuff
It probably doesn't help that they live in boonies where a lot of older docs still seem happy to prescribe away!
Thanks sexy lady! Are you cool with cuddling with you avi at night? No... I'm still gonna do it.
YOJI YA-MA-MO-TO
omg i cant wait for the tour dates im gonna cry
Midterms are in two weeks. My, how time flies!
it's still early bro Indiana got the momentum we good tho
Ladies: I'm not lifting a pinky to be classy; I'm giving you a sneak preview of what you'll see when you get in my pants. O_O
Going to fix my truck that broke down last night! :-( stopping to grab some healthy McDonald's first...
When you go to #class, sprung your #ankle by running up the stairs, then take a written final and pass it. It's been a good day :)
ive noticed that slowly my tweets have gotten more deperessing.
Also feel relieved, that UPS didn't smash it. Never felt like this before, didn't notice how playing music is a meditation for me.
Mick LaSalle says the job of a film critic is first and foremost that of a writer. So true of Ebert.
ps: stopping in your office in 20 min. U there?
Are you ready to "Fall into Fabulous" this November? inbox me on how I can get with you and your girlfriends for the latest beauty trends!
This is crazy, but im kind of excited to see Maná tonight at the at&t center. They are the first rock band i ever listened to in my life!
your harmonies in the new video, nice 👌
it all belongs to me
Athens, OH: Fresh crosses!
I think someone forgot to tell the ice cream man that it's November..
he was in their were watching God and think like a man... Fine specimen I might add
In my case did you mean 'awesome mess?
Who and where are you ? Show yourself.
This game has gone on so long that I can recite all the Verizon Center ice dasherboard sponsors... In alphabetical order. Now that's ROI !
Ugh why does it have to be 9:30 already? :/ bout that time for bed gotta be at work by 6 a.m. Ugh!
2) If you want to transfer in a new player that is a diff position than your old player, move the old player to the bench first.
haahaa ! I will. What did u place?
I just revoked a bunch of permissions. I'll have to keep an eye on it and see if it happens again
Young Widows tomorrow night at -early show, doors at 7:30, we play first. Also w/ Paintscratcher & My Disco. $8.00
I have Echofon as well, but prefer to use Twitteriffic.
BIRTHDAY THEME: RATPACK. DETAILS N INVITES TO COME SOON.
#happymonday guys! What'd you do this weekend? Try out ? 6_6
You can't change the past but you can let it go.
Free Bandz in my Double R'z
Big Ang is doin it right
Thanks for RT Liz - have a fabulous day!
The will exceed all your expectations and you'll wish you were Tony Stark!
Trying to refrain myself from tweeting about midterms
it was good!
You unfollowed me? There was no point in following back
BEST KIDS SHOW EVER! Yo Gabba Gabba Live! My daughter even rocked out!
Artie and Blue Iris...what a classic episode of can't stop laughing!!!
My baby said he knows I don't feel good bc I turned down the said I NEVER turn it down!
Why can't people just accept all body shapes? There's no such thing as a 'perfect figure'.
There is a HUGE difference in knowing what you need to do vs DOING what you need to do...
Ok game over. Time for super moon
JK Rowling's new book: the 'Harry Potter' characters react - Washington Post (blog)
There is nothing wrong with hand-me-down clothes, books & toys.
Check out - They have great #dailydeal specials and 10-20% of the profits go to local #SanDiego nonprofits!
Stop by the People Magazine Beauty Bus from 12 to 6 today and Saturday at Walmart in Brownsburg for a makeover, free samples, and...
Hi everyone! We started a new twitter page for The City Center at 735 to encompass our newly transformed commercial real estate complex.
You are an amazing singer.! I listen to your music everyday(; I hope one day you'll notice me, maybe not today, but someday.!(:
The news I just got rite now :(
I'm here for YOU!!! no one, except YOU.
Sunday you shall all witnesses the glory & greatness that is the NY Giants! Lol
I'd been puzzled by the actions (non-actions) of a friend recently and then it hit me-our growths are now in different directions. Change.
Many non-journalists have used new technology to force editors to take them seriously
Finally in vegas.....my wine is yelling from condo....DDRINNKKK ME! Bahahaha
Tomorrow is Susan G Komen, walking 60-miles in 3-days to end breast cancer. 2nd year in memory of my sister Hayley. Follow it at
If I was ever wrong, this moment ain't it
Fuck outta here! U don't know shit bout Italia! #gobacktoChile RT *sigh* I wanna go to Italia
My book came in the mail and I am super stoked to get it out there!
nah man no more. They even had a segment of memories at the end of it
Thank you! It's nice to hear the good stories about citizens who care and who take time to say thank you. Keep up the good work
And Neil Patrick Harris...another husband man crush. If JT shows up it's a hat trick!
Twitter & Instagram always distract me while doing homework..😁
Watching #sweetiepies and it's a really nice show.
#dogperson all the way :)
=) oh rules. following
I'm sorry. Hope the photo helped some.
hahaha yeahh xDDD we should go swim in August's pool I think it's bigger than mine :D
Brent Burns headed to the box after throwing an elbow to the head of Scott Nichol.
less than 24 hrs til the next episode of 48 Hrs Mystery..this week's episode..The Facebook Detectives...don't miss it!
Want to win two tickets to 's Guys and Dolls? Follow and retweet for a chance to win!
but the thing is i still need someone to go with .
Fuck what I said, it don't mean shit now
#40dollars a paycheck is how much my family puts in my 8 year nephew's college fund. We hope that will pay for 2 years community college.
Y'all know "The Cloud" is just the internet, right?
I utterly regret not trying to get three hrs sleep before coming to the airport
good work you are doing here. Good taste in music. Check out
good luck tomorrow matt!!
QoTD: "Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance." (Confucius)
Can you do a favor for RICARDO AND MEE :D Uhmm go rt my last tweet i did with the blog tv link(:
Some are looking down on a nigga and getting big headed!! I will always be humble!!
aw. I miss you much. Martin Lowe came to my show last night! He even laughed!
I love the beach! I could fall asleep out here!
I'm in the mood for Jack in the Box.
Yes, just sent you email about that! Going with the NJ location because it's closer to Manhattan. Wish we could use yours:-)
thanks man. ERB rules.
Aw thank you. I miss seeing you at cp! I'm gonna stop by soon. (:
Happy Friday To all;)
careful that shit is poisonous, what the hell there is always room for pudding.
Tonight will play at 6pm. Are you a fan?
I'm sick of doing mature adult bullshit. Can iget a break from school yet
GO TRIBE!!!
The Sleeper Pick are perfect ok case closed. bring in the dancing lobsters.
This game is ridiculous so far. Love it.
agreed. Pepsi usually goes hard in the #Superbowl with celebs; cocacola much more creative
“: ... #WIrecall is not just about the Unions” also, polls reporting 39-45% #union households for #walker #wiunion (4now)
go to YouTube and listen to 'Austin long wanted' you will deeply enjoy it!
Two things I don't get in this world: (1) Why women & men butcher themselves with plastic surgery (2) Ted Nugent
People who accelerate to red lights annoy the shit out of me
shit day is all i got to say
When a Bird shits on your older sister ! XD. # yeee payback :D
very nice
I BALLED THE BITCH OUT NOW I GAVE HER TO MY NIGGA CANT TAKE IT NIGGAS CHASEING THEY WONT ME AND MY NIGGAS IN MY KELS CASH VC
You are quite welcome, Jessica, I like your work.
Donny was a gift.
#1 Remembr tweets go everywhere. I fnd u becuz I monitr word paralegal. Unless u send a direct msg, anyone kn rd what u say.
": #TwoThingsThatDontMix Cell Phones & Driving"
RT : RT : Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. Winston Churchill
That's quite a generalization, my friend.
smh. I think there's truth inn the statement that some people actually act their shoe size
Just primed the mantel and knee wall. I think I'm going to love them white! ...then Mark took the leftover primer...I'm mildly concerned.
bring it tomorrow.
RT New Killola EP coming this June called, "NO CLASS" UK tour in June! Lisa working on a new movie in July! Big summer. Huge.
that should be "chief learner". . . sorry for the typo :)
Well, they certainly want you to think so, don't they? So much spin in that policy!
is FIXED!!
Whose raging? An to get a point across, an impact must be made.
When I meet the boyz, I will go up to Julian, Joshua and Louis and ask them “Where are the adoption papers, I’m taking you home with me”
#wiunion #wirecall Shouldn't AP be calling 23 for Kristen? Can I? :-)
oh, thanks - will check!
there's no way that is 200 plus years away. Ten, tops.
Giants score on a fielders choice. #Brewers down 4-1.
Which song?
Is this thing On?? Lol RT : how you like yo eggs Fried or Fertilized??
RT : how 88nine is using social media with their music: Soundcloud, Last.fm, YouTube, Twitter, Wordpress blog
#DrinkLocal dinner at the Governor's Mansion is on point! Too many twitter friends here to even mention, but we are doin it right!
Nothing like Texas HS football “: SportsDayHS releases iPhone app, to offer real-time scoring for high school football”
I'll be reading from The Odyssey. Because I can. And keeping you updated via Facebook, Twitter, etc.as part of the media posse
I see, hows your summer been?
Hot Dog, good work!
People love to throw shade, while you're trying to shine.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? - Bob
where is this from
Good morning, Beautiful Spirit.
"they weren't kidding when they said FAT Tuesday" cha Ching copywriter?!
bring her over to our house. It's all good.
Bitches feet smell like shit!
Cant wait for the first chapter of Fall For You its gonna be amazing I know it. :) Have fun seeing Burnham tomorrow to :D!
Just got up.......Who at the pool party tonight
I miss my friend Where in the World are you?! Haven't you had enough of the beautiful island life yet?!:)
Mark, thank you for another great article. You are always generous with your experience and really helping to keep other cops safe
I follow because he is the man. He's an Innovator and successful entrepreneur...Thas Y
I'm seriously going to punch him in the face.
I can watch Misfits from beginning to end over & over & over & over again & never get tired of it.
Bout to walk the beach
Getting ready for church......
hey love how u dance at justins concert please follow me! It would me soo much to me thanks!!
I love holiday pay
I like it. Prefer my Canadian Club, however. “: Hey coach, first question how do you feel about Iron City beer?”
are you at the final taping of Oprah?
Some people use "lol" like it's a punctuation mark. I'm not that funny
i put it on everything that it would be you you you you you you, i just want you you you
Wooooohooooo!!! RT I'm coming across the street to find you!!!
#confession one incident can change how I feel about u and look at u. I hardly ever forgive!
Letting the boys run off excess energy in the Micky D's playland - its the lesser of 42 evils!
“: goodnight fellas” goodnight... Up in 5 hours. :/
Feeling lonely? Put a turtleneck on and youll feel like someone's hugging you al day long ☺
MCA, where have you been? Packed like sardines in a tin...
Cd release show this Friday for "caves" at house of blues parish room! RT if you are coming!!! Meriwether plus Maps and Makers are first!
and of course I forgot to start him.
hey hows your tour going. im looking forward to seeing you next year in san diego .say hi to the rest of the guys for me;)
Special guests...
With all of this talk about Jets players restructuring their contracts its seems inevitable that Nnamdi will sign there
Done! Whats up !
Girl I just wanna see Strip
I just miss you heaps and bunches <3
fantastic. haystacks, dogg. haystacks.
honored, and we agree..“Nothing like some loud blasting Mannequin Men thru my headphones to drown out loud teens and their cell phone music.
follow back
it's been crazy busy but good. Yours?
Thanks. I think my fingers are bleeding.
With some of the heavy calls that come in, it HAS to be very stressful sometimes....
Still no dice. Have to be at the 'Tute:45, and Im on Munch'n'Mingle duty.
WOW! Thank you for following us at
Nope he snuck over here
That damn Vantage.
aren't all MLB players overpaid?
UC Bearcats take the first game!
The weather can stay like this forever
PLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIS FOLLOW ME AND ANSWER!!
its surprising to know just how many tears are in the human body.
It slightly disturbs me my daughter knows the whole Cleveland show song smh
as I tweeted earlier... This summers movies are going to be great!
helping roxie unpack and clean
Favorite expression in GHOSTBUSTERS II: Dan Aykroyd referring to 9-year-olds as "yuppie larva."
Yea, I have tickets already. You?
RT : Obama on ABC: wnt giv tax cuts 2 ppl who dont "need" them.>and he is the authority that get 2 determine who needs them?
unless you have a hot accent or can sing, gtfo. ;)
Youll have to tell me who the DBS girl is :)
right? how hard is it to type in 140 char and click send? and what's that take, 20 seconds if you edit?
My pleasure. RT : Thanks for putting out the word for us
It's raining on my little jungle. We're safe, inside, under our own tin roof.
" I can throw out any man alive."-Johnny Bench
And I had no idea Casa Bonita was a real place.
i been working alot lately. dont wanna slow either. i need to stay busy. matter fact i need a 2nd job. im tryna move out.
Making moves... Always thinking 4 moves ahead
Benefits of urban jogging for the easily bored exerciser: evening traffic can be turned into a human version of Frogger.
I will. I hear you on the limited budget. Have you looked into any travel grants through your NAFSA region?
I've asked this a million times but why all the slurping on twitter??
Thanks will try it tomorrow
Many to choose from ... just not enough lightning
I ran to Adair and she kicked right into the side of my knee it cracked and buckled in i cant walk
Hahahaha DO IT.
MT : is reporting Rick Santorum is suspending his campaign. << Ahh...finally! I can't believe any1 ever listened 2 this guy
any legit graphic designers out there ??
just finished the table read for this weeks episode. Went well.
Haha. You're funny. Too bad won't see this to respond!
Gary Busey frightens me. I would move to Canada just to lessen the chance of ever running into him.
Once when I was a kid, I saw a dead Rabbit in the road,its mate standing over it.as if praying,that is when I first felt true compassion.
If u drink more than 1 grey goose are u drinkn grey geese?
Big showdown in 2 weeks against #10 River Valley who just beat Brod-Juda.
morning...I'm up bright and early...
I freaking HATE follow limit, there are so much ppl worth following lolz <3
Kentucky Breakfast Stout on tap today only. - $6 drafts till they're gone.
If u only knew how bad i want u
The word is out. The world is operations based. Start high (systems) dive small (code).
"A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone."-Henry David Thoreau
Im bummed out. really.
lets do this
thats not far from me....enjoy seeing the largest whiskey bottle ever on display. Have a sip for me...lol.
I want to send me a Bongo gift card, so I can get some new jeans!
Just got off work. I think I'm going to clean up a bit and then practice my violin =)
Put a damn shirt on.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 21
sittin here board
Art of almost
Nialls waiting for his princess and im waiting for my prince charming ! Coincidence I Think Not !!! :D
oh lol.....sometimes the sex is worth it lol
not yet we only had 2 shows so far in the north east. Our next show is at the uaca hall right off broad.
And then he puts down the menu and says he'll be back in a few days...
Have a great time at , both of you!
Aw i guess
Do you see the promos and shit before, after, and during the games? The huddle mic etc? All Heat and All onesided bullshit!
thank you for following us, let us know if NorthStar can be of service to you in your future travels
Hungry for a fish fry and don't want the long wait on Friday? We have our Mexican Fish Fry every night! Check out our new Haddock Fillets!
They blocked me from reading the newspaper -__- what is this!?
I can't decide if I just need someone to talk to or if I want to be left alone indefinitely.
Wow, kicked ass tonight! Too bad he didn't sing My Hometown
Spring break is still on my mine. I need to get back into the mode of grad school.
Is that the one where "Birdman" attempted a dunk roughly 28 times?
Thanks for the #iheartmylibraries love. Now I want a latte.
6 At which theology had these questions for Cain, "Why are you enraged, and why is your pride hurt?
Can we play #TigerBingo here? If so my beef is how SLOW Jaquin Benoit pitches. Someone needs a tase.
I'll call you after 9 about where to meet. Thx!
Thanks for the tip!
i followed you (:
I love seeing ur posts during Steelers game. It gets me rowdy lol
Was psyched to hear #PearlJam played "Jeremy" on Fallon ... till I heard the #Linsanity tribute. "At home ...shooting free throws?" Come on!
Today i saw a midget wearing a t-shirt that said "I'M A GIANT"
Technical Luncheons May 10 and May 18, 2012 - American ...
THANK YOU, #TimTebow! I have been greatly entertained by you this season. Congratulations on your play-off debut!
Wish I knew something about cal O besides he's from PHX. Anyone?
she misses You as much i do.
the superbowl is gonna suck smh!!
how long are you in vegas?
dang you go hard
#Google+ video chat: a thing that does not work well even when #CNBC is counting on it. But until getting bumped off near end, it went well.
Ricky Gervais is bout to bring the ruckus
- are you also the owner of ? If so, I have a question. Can you follow me, and I'll send you a DM with my question. Thx!
Netflix has taken more days and nights of mine than I should care to remember!
i want the T Pain microphone!(:
would love to chat about ... Email is more efficient > :)
Leaving the baseball game and look and there is a car on fire on the side of the rode
The bigger venues we all get escorted out even if we have tickets to review the show.
wasp on my jazz band class D: he'll no.
BE GREAT TODAY!!!!
LMAO ": #ShoutOut to them armless niggas with a chip on their shoulder"
my daughter has succumbed to the HP society at her school and peer pressure and is reading harry potter book 1
lol. No. But after seeing the show. I can finally admit it via social networks.
"I LIKED"
Cafe owner says 'you guys are good, so don't worry about paying for anything' now if only a label would say that...
I really like where your tweet's at, If anyone needs me I'll be in my vault...preparing
I dunno.
Repubs: cut teachers and firemen; lower taxes for the Romneys; ditch seniors' programs; war w/ women; bully gays; claim to prioritize jobs.
My dream job. So inspired to learn that this is happening // RT Undocumented youth attend Freedom University. co/k8AHGMxo
How is everybody doing?
RT All my followers that love and miss me so much should get me Snappers or Chef Creole when I come home.> when you coming
Happy to hear u talking abt #designentrepreneurship last night! Congrats on your very impressive project!
Finally at work.
Ima through up if I keep working out and drinking water....
How are you world peace but hit a defenseless person...so this is what the world is coming to?
Yes. We're going to be pushing out some changes in just a moment to make things work more smoothly during the rebuild.
Let me know how you like it.
#ff thank you much support!
Incredible! Get paid to read emails, try new products, take surveys,
Kinda want to take out my monroe..
Whats good bro!
Enjoying for the third time this week. Too much? Never. Easily the best cupcakes in SD!
Just a fan. Let me know if you want the handle and give me an email addy. cc
Are you coming to the Rickshaw stop party?
Al Michaels has a very annoying voice. Anyone else agree with me?
Trying to figure out how to better manage the company twitter account.
when u talk shit about only fucking wit niggas from another city just makes u an out of town hoe
At The Grove Kmart checking out Dream Out Loud. First five who go to Customer Service & show this message retweeted/liked will shop with me!
watching house<3 love this show
#LetsGoGiants! In Eli Manning We Trust!
hey man how r things going? sorry to bother u lol but did u get a chance to start a song- im so eager to get back 2 studio:)
Only in the D will the waitress put you in check and tell you she loves u #gangstawaitress lol
80's fashion is slowing coming back
RT : Now BUSH wants you to buy his book on "economic growth"/Irony & Comedy! But certainly CANNOT be serious!
The awkward moment when Austin is your world but to him you're just another fan.
lol lil kid: told his dad i dont like skinny jeans dad: why? Lil kid: cuz that mean i would have 2 cut off my balls i dont want 2 be a girl
Yes!! RT : saw some cream ales at tables this weekend...and the lager was flowing like wine...
I have a Asian cousin o.o
IU Informatics/Computing sneak peak is very cool. Now back to Maddy for lunch and more Science Olympiad.
Once they see you doing better without them, that’s when they want you_*
whoo! Cheering you on!
There is nothen better then laying in bed eatin and listening to
Heartfelt speech by Meryl.
Who wants to go get ice cream 🍦
well and I use to live together as well!
Reading Nikos Papastergiadis in The #Migrant's Time - Rethinking #arthistory and
oomf is talkin out their ass. No literally
Travel to ABQ from DC today. All systems go!
Vegas is great. I've been trapped in Caesar's Palace for 3 days. I can't find the exit.
That awkward moment at a show when you lock eyes with a dude you think is , and take a second too long to realize it's not him.
Thanks for sharing -- underestimated and under-marketed... sounds familiar.
Ariana never let's fame get to her. She's still the same sweet, silly girl from Boca Raton, FL. She's still the same Ariana Grande-Butera💗
I have to be up for school.. In 5 hours. And I'm stuck in this hospital room, and I still haven't seen the doctor.
Working in the Voluntary Sector
thanks! the show w was awesome!
Katy Perry got the best first LOOK.
T,I
More #rwtastingcrew reactions to '09 Pelter Trio: pungent in my mouth, assertive, evolved in the glass, not too fruity.
Some say twitter is for narcissists. I say its for staying away from people that are on Facebook.
hanging with me lol
Congrats on making cheer! That's awesome! You're supperr pretty, btw! xx
Headed to the Chicago Spring Classic this weekend in Waukegan to watch several Wisconsin teams participate in a strong event.
Gandhi's statement "Be the change you want to see in the world" takes on a whole new meaning with www.IamINC.biz
This is tomorrow?
that awkward moment when your mother is the only person who constantly 'likes' your work FB site
Accomplished one goal--MW Publishing is going to publish my book. Goal for this year--finish writing it!
Free my car! Free my car! Everybody now
Blue Devils baby!
'American Idol' Recap: Pia Kills, As James Weeps
