having a few parties at Cameo and Liv tonight, come by :)
Ready to co-create prosperity with our newest U2R1 clients building a clothing brand from the ground up and also launching a luxury men's w…
Ok twitter heres a question - do I save the underwear my 3yo outgrew for my 2yo? Only the non- stained ones.
Today's talk event will be held on 4th floor in the same building as NEW CITY ART FAIR.
waffle with chik-fil-a sauce instead of ketchup.
Excited to present with and at the Hoya Innovation Summit on Thursday
the pleasure was mine! #Fiocruz was a definite highlight of the trip, hope to be back soon!
“Get a life!” Ok? But then i would have two, right? o.O
hello bitches, imma tweet like a mudafucka today.
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches. ~ Alice Roosevelt Longworth
I'm having stuffed porkchop.
Musicalstop.com Supports Indie Artists! :)
please feel better asap! :)
FYI the Pacers have played the 2nd quarter with an all bench lineup. And have outplayed the Heat with Wade and Chalmers on the floor
Yeah we are! Afternoon Dance Party on the Main Mall is happening... ;) See you guys tomorrow!!!
This song sums up about 6 months of my life. Thank you cra cra world for giving me the signs I need to navigate through this life! :$
- Takes 8 position players & multiple pitchers to win in baseball so lets not get caught up with winning
HAHA I miss you like crazy, bro. We are gonna hang out SO HARD
Need notaries. WI GOP will pass bill next week that all sigs must be signed by notary. contact
awesome awesome awesome! Did they figure out the rider's outfit yet?
Can't focus in #class cause I want to see #ghostrider2 so bad. #nicholascage is in the best movies ever! Wish he was in >6 per yr though
I love this store. :) RT : Love hearing things like this! Yay for Mike! :)
:0 read between the lines please!
BOL not baby doll hair. You gonna need a pink slip and a blow up mattress too.
oh, im def excited. But u know, first day back at work :-)
Why are ladies so scared of video cameras in the bed room
Dont sound like it
#MayThe4th be with you!
Can't wait to see it! RT : Writing a press release about 's #ParallelMafia-what a sweet game!
I'd love to get my hands on his "fabric"! I wonder how big his thread count is?? ;)
“Nobody talks of entrepreneurship as survival, but that’s exactly what it is.” Anita Roddick
I know many may not agree but after watching Behind the Music...DMX could have been the next Pac.
El Paso Chile Company cookbook--try the rellenos and pork posole made with Hatch Chilis
That show is pretty good :)
If this spring weather is getting you excited for Browns baseball, "like" this post
Yeah holly how come your not in Indy thought 4 sure that hubby & u would be there
Hey WaSup My People!!! Looking Forward To Seeing Ya'll Soon!!!
Finish It: If I had a time machine I would...
always puts on a show either way. U and the rock really went at it last night Lol
RT : The highest of compliements! RT : I'm only about 4 hours into #icon12, and I've already learned enough to...
Love online archival images if they can navigate. Need more user-friendly sites with better structure & navigation.
Tiara said we are Forsure staying after to pick up the prom tickets then going straight after to get nails done . she sai yeah
oh shit you are past that already? What about the new lab?
Neither, this AM. More concerned with deep pockets dictating promot.content/cheerleading
You can b my cuddy cuddy buddy fosho u can ride wit me girl don't act like u don't already kno
Patience pays, Hopefully this long will too
so sad that cowboys lost :(
I saw the tweets and I thought it was wicked funny
Wow, and I thought our defense had issues.
Thanks for all of the reddit support!
ok deal
yumm is so good!
Ty! when should i put the order in? i need it for a party in July. speaking of party, would love to have u & ur family join us
HEY HEY HEY!!
It isn't like having an eye lash on your eye. It's like having an axe in your eye. Get it?
My bf asked me if I "nest" or "hover". I'm familiar w/ hover but nest is new to me. Hint: you do it in a public place with your pants down.
What an awesome book I'm reading @ Francis Chan.
Begs a couple ?s. 1) Braun's privacy got breached-how? legal? 2) Precedent now set for next hi-profile test?
Tonight shall be a turn-my-phone-off-movie-marathon kind of night.
Please forward the following message to Melinda and her family, and anyone else you think may benefit from it.
How do you celebrate veterans day? I wish them peace and admire their commitment to this great country.
RT : ": what's good cuz. Gone be n the A tomorrow// Word?!! For how long?" <> till Wednesday morning// Bet
Every single creature that gives their life for our table should be treated with respect and class
enjoy opening day, your #Brewers should be good, but this is the Cubs year... maybe.
Key concept highlighted at our Sunday luncheon is: “ Seeing is Believing & Believing is Seeing are the 2 sides of the manifestation coin.”
A little bit of love and a whole lot of lust.
my legs still feel like they're gonna fall off and we've been back at the hotel for 3 hours.....
wonderful meeting you at #mla12! That was a great talk and beautiful explanation of tf-idf scores.
should have specified....I've just read illini fan tweets who are against it. Seems ill. media is dwelling on his 34-30 mac rec
They are stable. Would be better if my work from that client was a little more consistent, but I stay busy otherwise.
Almost time for you Seniors to Graduate and join us in the real world...lol. Class of 2012!
Good luck with Faculty Academy this year. Can't wait to see some pix online esp. the MakerBot room.
Tonight's maintenance: Declaring victory and leaving the field.
I wish to hug you in real life haha
7amm waking up in theeemorninng, gotta be fresh, gotta go downstairs. < my schedule tomorrow -_-
Hi to the fam! Hope to see you all next weekend?!
yes i only watch because of him lol
Make up sex is always best ;)
True story RT ": All day CC: RT : PLANT SEEDS"
when's your graduation?
I COULD NOT POSSIBLY AGREE WITH YOU MORE RE: THE FACE PUNCHING
ANNOUNCEMENT: Maguire University 2012 'Traveling Team'. We CANNOT accept a electronic picture for your 2012 ALL ACCESS PASS for New Orleans
Like you came just to visit???
Check out this site:alot of wonderful tips on eating healthier.
Hmm... Honestly, I don't know. (It was also an error by someone who has unfollowed me about 3 times.)
yii “: he eat it right, beat it good, eat that pussy like he should.”
I've been playing on the website, I'm impressed/intrigued. I would be cool with having a Skype convo if anyone is interested??
RT : Congrats to for the call up! Great accomplishments this year so I expected this!
missed ya today homeguuurl! 😘
Even if the tickets for Newyork sold out me & my mom are still gonna go even if we cant go in well stay outside & support!<3
You still open to getting back in NFL & how is your son doing this year?
#LMAO...girl u need 2 cut it out
LET'S GO CLEVELAND.
just wait until he truly develops an outside shooting game. Scary thought
At same old same old lol RT“: lol damn where u been”
This wedding invite's envelope is almost too pretty to open.
Happy Yule!
14th September 1846 - Jang Bahadur and his brothers massacre about 40 members of the Nepalese palace court.
Like that idea!!!
Finally put in my Miche order! Very excited for my B-Day present to myself :)
": oop I see that is was not delivered imma come tomorrow" cuz Wednesday seems to be the new datenight for u.
Don't necessarily cover companies. Blog about social issues biz leaders are sorting through.
Drake is coming to houston and i promised myself to get tickets and i didn't and i hate myself alfhdabhf
OH LAWD, WE'RE SCREWED Y'ALL!
Good news: You're in the club! Bad news: It's not very exclusive. All critical journalists are barred.
It summons your courage! RT : A1: A vocation is a calling...a strong inner message that cannot be ignored.
world of the arts I guess...
followed!! Follow back? ;-)
So i discovered "Discotek"2 weeks ago and it has 445 plays in my ipod! so thank u for that!
Text the words "EPICCHURCH" to 41411 to sign up 4 alerts
I have 2 more episodes of DA to finish this year's season. Already looking forward to season 3!
My bf said our relationship is like Khloe & Lamar lol . That's a good thing c:
I wana come...can I come...lol
fine... I'll sit by another friend!(; haahaha thanks for posting this! I didn't know u posted this til now! And btw I'm sorry!
What do Pete Rose & #Playboy have going on together? WWW.ussportspages.com
elbow you ! <3
Just received confirmation we have a after party to do in SoCal ....... Let's go get this money Brohydez!!!
Back home from yoga laying in the bed listening to
finals start tomorrow! :-)
#NF Finding new people to Follow ツ
Oh wow so how was you expecting to... well you know and that's all you can move lmao smh
KNOWING SOMEONE REALLY CARES ABOUT YOU IS A GOOD FEELING!!!
you should follow me ? :*
To add to baby book page of Firsts: son's first time seeing the Dalai Lama
oh my god. Lmfao!
I always thought that tune was missing a lil something
When all else fails try God! He never fail.
Family day at waimea bay! Cheeeee
Could i get a retweet to my softball team big game tonight a retweet will make the beer taste better
Living life is a test, you have the power to overcome anything with determination dont let distractions replace it, live your
way to go man! Last stretch!
happy Birthday Mac Miller<3
The Nikki minage Pepsi commercial is about as bad as the blubbering women Verizon commercial.
welp, time to get my snacks ready
morning!!! Good luck tonight!
Of, CBS Sunday Morning has me in tears... again.
Wow, Buick, Shaq can really act.
Omg girls these days are over there heads!! #calmyoshitdown smh
Seek the friend who's hand helped you and tell them what they mean to you.
Baltimore Museum Of Industry TONIGHT !!!!!! 5 - 9 FOOD TRUCK GATHERING ! 67 degrees , Dinner & MISS TWIST ICE CREAM !!!!!
HUGE life day today. Excited about things to come.
that mall is bigger than all of Morro Bay
if anyone's lying it's You! ;P
How to build your 2012 Digital Marketing Plan, great analysis and insight
Rip Steve Jobs may your legacy live on for generations to come...
Uncle Chuck!
Stay lifted and gifted on this happiest of holidays
Lawd. RT & talkin bout just the tip with their ratchet selves
Goodnight Roger sleep sound, the water will go away its just cleaning all the trash in your way of a good prom!
I have a new book to read - one Beyond Critical, by my old friend Keith Fuller (). Can't wait to get stuck in!
Brazil is now losing 2 zero. Yeah boy!!!!!
Solid food. I'm happy for you. Sushi rocks.
Juicy is back may 4th!!
My 1000th follower will get something special :)
Of course!!
Stupid Boys stealing My phone and getting onto EVERY Account I have. -___-
See World you no good......
#LiesIveToldMyParents to many to say :P
I just auditioned for Ps Casting audition @ castingfrontier
#StyledbyJune on VH1 is a hit and "The Juniverse" online is next! We <3 working with June Ambrose
All we do is pour it up all night drinks out
re Singapore 2 Taipei : May is birthday hell ,so hearing ya'll sucking at Happy Birthday is humbling & relief at teh same time ;-)
thanks!!! Blessings thanks for support :-)
Current temperature at the ballpark is 106...DAMN!!!
Congrats PACKERS!!
Indeed some tracing finding $$ is factor in the bg. ex: Rec.Academy's 501c2 stuck w/ bad real estate deal main ofc
finally got my damn granola bar:)
Yayay just ordered toms :D
Nice to meet you both IP tonight!
I have been thinking about Grange Halls recently, maybe this is an idea that needs to be modernized
I'M SO SORRY. Really. Luv u guyz. 😘
online help feature returns mostly server error messages today. Virtual chat assistant is useless.
unless, i guess, I'm specifically going for a digital painting effect, but even then my paranoia leads me to work in layers
Latest Emtek Knob Auctions | Emtek Cabinet Hardware
teh mavericks suck
Ha. Good point.
so i'm like re-watching One direction live on SNL and i think Niall is just so adorable
Ask about the vegetarian scotch eggs they sometimes have. Very unexpected.
I like the Avenger trailers so far. Tony Starks is a cool character. Interesting how they compare hi to Da Vinci.
If you couldn't stand with me during my darkest hours, I don't want to see you when the sun is shining.
Made it to work...goofing off w/my manager til its time to clock in..we look so pretty today! ^_^
Yr killin' me w/ this Monsterz quilt! I WANT! They remind me of "They have a pepper bar!" things from Quizno's commercials.
grades up already?
are statisticians the new hipsters of the nerd world? Hipster-ticians vs. brogrammers
Driving on empty:/
u still gt the same number
New E-Book Release - Indian Massacre in Orlando - Available at Smashwords.com
Only death is promised
Looks at these plates on Chopped (Food Ch)!
Still going. My current distance is 3.49 miles. Current song is I Hate Everything About You - Three Days Grace
your mom retweeted me.. I feel like a cool cat. Yep. Cool enough to call myself a cool cat.
Love what I do...doing what I love! Getting great some great shots with doing some amazing transformations wtih hair/makeup
Network sitcom. Started out kinda meh then got retooled. Surprisingly, the retooling actually worked.
GOOD MORNING from the Valley of The Sun .
Agree -- I think it would be more effective as 'news of the day' or 'top stories' or something like that. would educate better.
how old are you? just curious
"Mrs. Mayo's face is a weak mask wearing a helpless, expression of being constantly on the verge of comfortless tears."- BEYOND THE HORIZON
Congratulations Garnet! He is the lucky winner of a new Sonicare Toothbrush for referring a new patient to Madison No Fear Dentistry!
Muchos gracias for all the congrats on my test as well, love you all! *mwah* :D x
huh, I wasn't sure that was actually animal product in my animal-flavored Ramen. Good to know.
Correction... I sat in the wrong seat. Just had a normal cramped turbulent seat on the plane. Oh well... back safe in Chicago.
I am the
Making the playoffs in the NBA means you need to be almost better than average. Congratulations Utah Jazz.
I love Double Jack. Such a solid DIPA that is in the same league as Pliny and Heady.
Happy Saturday! We have some sunnier, warmer weather on the way. I'll have the details this morning from 6-9 a.m. with Debra Gil.
you're welcome! pinterest = love.
104 right under the Americu sign.
ever drive or work 12 hours straight? Your mind is mush...punch drunk. That's what I'm watching now and they're going to vote!
#MahoneToChicago<3 this time im going to make sure i go.
ay I lookd but I couldn't find you,just go add me @ terrell anthony fraklin
pulled over. asked 4 questions. you know why i pulled you over? where's the weed in the car? you play any sports? you ever been in trouble?
Ok! So glad we gave EARTH (mi planeta Tierra) an hour of our life. It's the least we can do. Now let's do more! #EarthHour USA; thanks
LA Ripper and AFSL double feature this Friday LAS Vegas. Las Vegas arts district. Starts @ 7:30- LA Ripper @ 9 pm. LAS VEGAS
$2 drinks tonight! Dj Ajax and $2 drinks!!!!
thanks so much! Is there one or two you guys would recommend highest based on customer satisfaction?
i want a kitten
k be thur in a jiffy
check out !!! RT playing tonight around 7:45 get in the game!
Yeah I'm pretty amazed that the first gen iPad still does most things better than current Android tablets.
Morning all!!!
Great Movie RT : Watching "They Live". It seems awfully topical for a 25-year-old film :/
Happy Veteran's Day! Thank you to all who've served our country.
Voting for and for
Amazing: is talking to with in the room. I am in museum celebrity heaven!
lol! Not at all. Congrats man. That's awesome.
you speake spainsh aw rocsidiaz cute u lol how old are u ? lol love u
ASDFGHJKL; I SHOULD BE THERE. WTF. I MISS TONY FROM TAIB. I GOT IN FREE LAST TIME I SAW THEM. :(((((
Thats a wee bit of an overstatement
Great tranquility of heart is his who cares for neither praise nor blame. ~Thomas à Kempis
how was the run this morning?
Just watched an 18 yr old bowl a 290. Spare in the 1st. I'm asking if he needs an agent.
it takes patience and alot of dealing with fucktards that don't know how to drive Lmfao
": Tomorrow! #SugarBowl #Michigan vs #VirginiaTech! Can't wait!!! #GoBlue"Hail to the Victors!
Good morning world. PC4PC???
girl I'm just tryna to get with you! cause your so damn beautiful! so damn beautiful!
Don't wait until the last second,Schedule back to school eye exams now. Send your kids back with cool glasses! No one wants to be "that kid"
I get 300 on june 1 so I'm definitely getting a pair. Are you getting a pair ?
haha alyssa KILLED me with her comments
Two seconds away from the beach! Too bad I'm just visiting family :(((
My mom yelled at me for not knowing her pin number -____- YOU NEVER TOLD ME NIGGA!!!!
When is a car not a car? When it's turning into a drive way
Can you take Jerry Brown with you too?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🌃
Which one is correct: (a) "the data wasn't strong enough..." or (b) "the data weren't strong enough..." ???
Not even sleepie
Your welcome =)
R ya serious I just saw a mouse runnin after a cat! xD
that's awesome ! They all deserve it !
If you have a #legal question, call us! We offer #FREE consultations!
agreed, or you just gotta watch some really old ones from the 80's and 90's
I see no problem here.
Oh Auntie ! The Bob Marley Lullaby Album is the bestest! , Hugo and I luv it.
Out with My Boo-Boo , about to get some Wendy's .. I Hate my Class Soo Much, Ik I'm not gonna bee able to sleep tonight cause of that clown.
let's stop talking about it then
me to
All people have equal rights – whether prisoners or not. JDI will not stop fighting.
“: I don't know why my gay boyfriend can't just be my real boyfriend.”
Haha. Best commercial of the night.
damm chocolate wht u got to eat on...im finna come rape ya refridge.
Is there any nail lacquer more lush and fabulous than OPI? We don't think so. Stop by this weekend and pick up a few colors to try out!
I'm in love with Baylors jerseys!!!!
is Guinness paleo?
I remember when you weren't a celeb, and you were hosting open mic's in the hood... How far you've come my friend...
If u were the grass and i was the dew,i'lld fall every night to be next to you ♥
Really enjoying walking around NYC w soundtrack to THE ARTIST playing on shuffle. The visuals magically match the orchestrations.
First , then , now What does this say about me???
Virtual high-five :) Yes YOU!
This is the motto that I usually live by.
It's not too late to donate to Starke County's Relay for Life. Make online donation www.relayforlife.com/starkecountyin - Meagn Hamand
follow back? :)
Giving away Orlando Calling tickets tonight, tune in for your chance to win! - The Valet
I love how the people with the most followers and shit are usually the ugliest lmao
Nice! Enjoy Jen.
What's Up
Did a quick shamanic journey to lessen the pain of my toothache. It worked! The power of intention amazes me.
So. 10 days and no more picnik. ):
Left you a vmail. need to talk immediately.
Are you going to be there? Jk! Looking forward to seeing you guys!
Hope sxsw treated you well the lights will be here when you get back.
- hey friend. I've sent you a couple of emails when I read of Susan and your journey. Know Im thinking if you both!
Back from Boone. Looks like an evening thunderstorm is looming.
LA swag
yeah those fam moments are few and far. Gotta make the best of it when you can.
Love it when the minute you walk in the door at home and work calls bc they need help! I'm taking it as a compliment!
Unscramble this spy word to get the password to #CovertTU! Tell me the word and I'll DM you the password! First word: EGNTA
The #Celtics are about to give me a stroke. How on Earth is this game tied?
Anthony Bennett has eliminated Florida, looks like he won't be winning a NCAA Championship.
Taste is no boundary for royal wedding souvenirs www.tinyurl.com/3dg8jqt
thanks, unique law police used on this, chalk one up for the good guys!..Yala's for everybody, hey talk about good cold pizza
Congratulations! Well deserved.
Thank you for bringing to life my favorite story that brings me to tears every time<3
yeah I'm turning back and forth
Smile – You never know whose life it will change...
lol @ your face.
Sexy Shi boots from , Big Chill motorcycle jacket, beat-up jeans... ready for a night out :-D
OHH um yes girl. I am PUMPEDD!! Can not wait!!!! Only 81 more days!! We can do it!!
I still remember my heart breaking when I discovered Ozzy and Mr. T don't really play WoW. :(
I want my 4,000th tweet to be me taking off from the airplane to Rome. I think I can do it...
I hate it when I’m in the car and I love the song on the radio and someone turns it down to tell me something.”
And the ignorance on Twitter has begun. I'm out.
Touring where serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer hunted his victims? The "historic tour" starts soon. What do you think?
One week until the , so that means 7 crazy busy days to help set up signs and everything for all of our great Runners of Steel!
sounds just as good
is getting ready to go work on the set today with some fabulous actors and an amazing crew! woo-hoo!
I have 69 followers. Nobody else follow me, I am content where I am lol. Anymore followers and I will not be at 69 and laugh anymore.
I'm sure Duke will win but Lehigh is playing tough. Keep it up Lehigh!
Jim Carrey is awesome, but a great example of a celeb who doesn't get social media.
LivingSocial is killin it today: painting class (with wine!), DSLR camera workshop and paintball. Might actually purchase something for once
Those profiles that only tweet depressing love shit <
does a Guest DJ set on picks? Led Zeppelin's Hots On for Nowhere and The Band's Up on Cripple Creek. Listen in.
Still gotta make this bowl
Just joined you guys on FB and sent an email via your website - look forward to connecting soon!
Animals with snouts with moustaches.
RT : "Most people learn how to do their job & they coast. But the only direction you can coast is downhill." (B Tracy)
Got it! Thanks for the response. I'll get back to ya soon and also think it would be great if we could meet up! Have a good Monday
Follow your HEART but take your BRAIN with you.
One day closer to the weekend, make it count!
When performing QA testing on a system, closing a ticket is like opening a little gift.
Good evening, Ms. Meyers. The pleasure is all mine. Enjoying your evening?
S/O TO OUR DUDE.ON THE CLOCK WITH FLOCK.THANKS FOR EVERYTHANG HOMIE
We are live for the #MISLChampionship Series game 2 in Milwaukee. vs
love love love. Plus bottomless coffee and mt. Dew.
hey is your number still the same?
eat , homework , then nap ! im tired a/f !,
:-( I always felt there were something that needed to pop. Last night I decided I might've been trying the wrong leg.
which reminds me, I need to do my membership renewal this week
Jealousy is the worst emotion
Man, my teeth hurt. This is what vanity gets me. At least the retainer seems easier (so far) than braces were.
I still always think about getting one on my waist but I'm not sure enough about it so I probably won't.
Thank YOU for the good tweets!
#museweb 8 hrs at the client today and 9 hrs in transit. Remembered somewhere over VA that I needed to Tweet today.
Hello Seattle! We are open till 5pm this glorious Saturday. Pick up a few paninis and iced coffees to enjoy outdoors. 1st & Stewart
Tomorrow modeling for nelly :-)
A baseball bat I can understand, but an axe? What if you're prone to stubbing your toes?
This weeks's Oakland flavors at Pittsburgh Popcorn Co are: Vanilla Cashew, The Cajun, Zesty Ranch!!!
Seriously though do people that use bengay not know that it smells like shit and everyone in a 30ft radius can smell it
Culture isn't one of the things, it is the ONLY thing. - Jim Senegal, former CEO Costco
your site looks great! Can't wait to see more!
?? "greatest country" - - forget to check #twitter for a few days and #California Republic returns!
I love you Brett Gardner <3
it's gone b special. It's most definitely going on Homework 2
14 days until my concert :) can't believe I'll finally be breathing the same air as my 5 husbands...
Made it to Vegas finally! Now to go bother at work and find some food.
Deep league, Henderson Alverez or Randall Delgado worth a look?
Congrats on opening round #SECSBTOURNEY win over LSU.. On to the semi-finals
Join Co-Author Gerald D. Rogers " Success On God's Terms" in Atlanta this week
Goodnight Twitter....
What are you doing right now? @ at the barbershop getting fuegoed out....check out the page new track BROWaRD COUNTy SWaG
You know your a g when you look at your bank account and the united states deposited money into it. :)
Can't wait to be on this morning! Watch me gaze into 's eyes!! 9:00am!
considering the place i have to be is like hell to me... -_____-
Everyone please go follow please
believe me I try everyday.
..into my life. I can't continue on with my life if you don't continue on with yours, your just haunting me with every message you send me..
#fuuucckkkkkkkk its cool. i mean it was only a present from my dad..i guess i'll break the news to him tonight
should of came to my place an chilled :p i got cerial :] haha
Still traveling after a late start. ETA is too stinking late. Pray for travelers.
Your life is what your thoughts make it.
I feel like everyone I know has or is making a trip to Hawaii this year! Great for their tourism.
#sharkweb Great advice on leading better webinars and addressing shrinking attention spans.
Thank you to everyone who showed me ♥ on my bday!!!
"Someday I'll be big enough so you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean?" So sick of all the hate. :,(
Now the bitch done put a wig on &nd trying to model; who's going to work with this crazy bitch??
Updated post: only four of us were on time to Zumba. Lots more showed up and we had a cumbia dance party.
Did you hit the whataburger?
Congrats ! Thank you for an amazing effort.
Math STAAR tomorrow :/
... What if my face is already stomped into the ground?
if your not doing anything tonight come to Lounge around 10pm to see our duo set.
What he said. RT When we're texting jokes back and forth, a "Ha!" from me means, "We're done."
Sounds interesting. Seriously <3
I had same problem. Switched to TwitterFon which isn't sexy but works well
Connects in Colombia nd the Dominican, Montana and Sosa-12 packs of dat coca not talking bout da cola.
Make it a great one!
Well I am drunk 😁
Alliance Meeting looks at what they have been a part of this year, public policy seems to be a huge focus
well, he loved FL! He was such a trooper, but just couldnt take being in his straightjacket er I mean carseat for 5+ hrs straight
Good idea spark standing in grocery store, getting ui flow smooth takes time, trial and error :)
Downfall of the kids not doing Halloween this year (their choice) I am forced to eat a granola bar to satisfy a sweets craving on Nov 4th
really?!?!? Wow. Time flies.
I hope you're feeling better!
Am I the only one who CAN'T STAND the K Zone on ESPN Baseball broadcasts?
Bout to get my East Side King on, but not on the East side.
“: Ferguson, where girls say they are bisexual to make new friends. #SchoolRant”
Call Me Maybe could be the catchiest song ever. I hear it in passing and have it in my head for 2 days.
has an iPhone with a whole apple on it.
both my hair and ankle were messed up that day.
is it good?
Thanks : Congratulations and best wishes to on her wedding! Have fun on ur honeymoon.
Not saying it's the marketing plan I'd come up w/, but love or hate him, Kegasus gets a lot of national ink. I'd argue their ploy is working
RT The mobile workforce continues to rapidly grow with analysts projecting there will be 1.2 billion mobile workers by 2013
Deeply comp and cont. numbrs. invaluable -not just <, >, =. - much like wordstudy.
Smoke Break
never thought I'd see the day...
getting distracted in school thinking of
#iThinkOfYou every single day!! I wanna get u outta my head!! *__*
no i hate you!
leaders. Period.
This is great! bird watching will never be the same.
words can not describe how much I hate the mockingbirds in my yard.
ok lol so wats up sis we should have a twitter where its a total just justin bieber page ill make it you edit it bio pics
Wish me luck on my Maths Exam tomorrow?
Great day so far! Feeling good about what's happening
Rt! U are amaze balls too:)
^_^ did we do this one?
Sailor Moon #2 - Free Download - Tucows Downloads
No! If Kansas wins I take 3rd in my bracket pool and win $40.
Shout out to Asian girls, let the lights dim some...
.: Race plays a political role in inequality - legacy of how segregation was ended has party political effect
My humor pleases you. Most excellent.
m I Love Free Samples
Me too.
Thank God my head and my vision have almost returned to normal. Was seriously alarmed there for a while.
Fruit salad, yummy-yummy
When is #NCAABB going to do away with raised courts? Way too dangerous
I just followed on Y'all should too!!!! Special S/o to
What made me happy today: someone told me I'd opened up a whole new world to them and made them feel smart.
#OneThingIDontLike Broke Bitches!
the one that looks like gordo
"Be the woman a man needs, not the woman who needs a man."
Everywhere you go, go with your heart.
ok fuckin sexy ass bitch
Masterin' delivery of 2nd verse ull hear soon i see some friends in the cyber world are also working on music 2 words for ya... go in!
Literally the only person at the Palace of Fine Arts without a camera.
If on gamedays we actually followed through with what we said we would do, it would be a lot more interesting to watch. #FuckYou,EatShit.
Gunna go grab some food with guy gets hungry! #winning keep supportin
darn always looked forward to that game
followed him
Just met Greg Rucka, and now listening to Summer Glau :) Comicon FTW!
Q; Do you know who Austin Mahone is?
I think the booms are the giant worms like in the movie Tremors
Trivia: True or False only runs soy based ink on it's presses? - 1st correct answer gets 2 tix to 10/10/10
You learn interesting things by reading the 1914 minutes of the Finance Committee of the Malaysia Annual Conference.
yeah I did the same.. Now my head is throbbing.
I cant believe this is happening to me. Eating ice cream and watching movies with my mom.
Someone asked why I didn't want to participate...I didn't respond.
which in turn is the ultimate goal of the NHL is to grow and promote the game of hockey correct?
Need to go to iu for 2 dollar Tuesday this upcoming one.. is it still poppin there during the summer?
I love women in summer dresses
Going on the new spiderman ride! ((: concert tonight! Front row baby!
Great news! Cary Hoffman is performing at the Bryant Park skating rink at 5:30pm! Check out his amazing vocal skills tonight!
Almost smushed a scooter. Not a good idea to change 3 lanes at once in front of the suv w/out looking.
#ItsCrazyHow Your Friends Can Just Turn Their Back On You.
Hey! How did you get that scrolling picture widget at the top of your blog? It's really cool!
they Locked up my brother Loon in Belgium… May God grant him patience and tranquility as he gets through this
You're intoxicating my mind. Feel like a conversational lush. Cause I don't know how much is too much. 😂😚
Happy Monday! Remember: "All work and no [coffee] makes Jack a dull boy."
Wade stay on the floor
rain will wash away BNPs sins. Yet the resulting mud makes us think dirty thoughts and then we sin again. Resulting in more rain. Andy.
I am not an ornithologist. Your argument is invalid.
yea that's cool with me. Want me to bring anything?
There is no place like hm
I hope I can still meet you at warped. :/
BIG NEWS COMING, STAY TUNED!!!!
Cant wait for the Wiz Khalifa next weekend!!
Don't jinx it! I might actually be done by 11 tonight.
Well, consider them all followed. This is gonna be fun.
The last #ShelsOnSunday track for the summer drops tomorrow. Follow for more details.
Today felt like being shot out of a cannon - shot up high looking good, then realized I don't have a parachute
love that you record Jeopardy!
Got home and put on darj ltd, which is, so far, the WORST FILM EVER
I have a slight obsession with Enrique Iglesias...
Walking away from a conflict may be the smart thing to do, but it sure feels like cowardice. Oh well.
Samsung Intercept Prepaid Android Phone Virgin MobileTechno- android mobile phones
Star-studded courtside game last nite: Larry Ellison, Ted Ginn Jr., Michael Crabtree, Reggie McKenzie. No sign of Hue Jackson.
From responses to my last tweet, it appears no one reads the intro text before a list. That should save writers some time.
fab in another round remix
I went to search about baltimore dirt bikes on google and wow. I thought dirt bikes were bad, but the racism against the riders is worse
haven't been on in a while :) Great day today :) text me? :)
Wishing everyone Happy Holidays and Happy New Year. Here's to a bigger and brighter year in 2012!!
that's great i am excited for you, make sure to shoot me a link when it's up and stuff!
We'd love to be a part of that. Let's get the ball rolling!
Thank YOU :).
RT : Life doesn't get easier, you just get stronger.
Still probably more active than most users. Not sure last time I looked. How do you keep a secret?
": have a happy easter xoxoxo" You too luv
I thought you were 13?
On our way to 'Monongahela' auditions...
I just cried and had an orgasm at José Maya's second show!!! WTF!!!
I swear I'm not a creep. Just giving when due.
my baby looks so beautiful :)
Raspberries are loaded with antioxidants and vitamin C. Yet another reason to opt for some Sugar-Free Berry Tea with your meal.
Wash. Co. CAD....Accident reported in Beaverton on Scholls Ferry Rd. west of Murray...
": QOTD: Use your intuition even if no one agrees. Make decisions your able to live with."
That works!
Thanks! Hope WA Senators can encourage others to protect funding for National and Community Service
Thanks to all that came to for the screening of our film, especially the Adrian R'Mante fans. We WON Audience Choice Award!
i don't know... should have taken some PTO.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Just seen a white girl with the best ass ever!!!!
I feel ya wats good wit ya
It has been a day all about books and social media. Researching for my paper, setting up a book blog & pinterest, and more. Lots to come.
Finna lose like 10 lbs and be on that broken jaw diet
Lmao.... I so need that thanks
#Workout time
I'm scared to try my scorpian lolipop lol.
: "I am proud to stand with Planned Parenthood, NARAL and many others to support "
OPINION: If you could have a 3 minute shopping spree at any store at Cottonwood Mall, which store and why?
Gotta admit it ! I'm having More Fun than I ever had in anything Ive done ! :) <3
Someone please help me find a reason not to buy this $500 cow painting that i am in love with.
IN DC, which is bad news, but get to host 11AM ET Obama presser with Ron Elving...and since I'm in town...afterwards...Harry Potter!
It happened. The little jerk is barking incessantly too. o_O Neighbor isn't home. This is weird.
Thx! RT : Now for a little #FF: Congrats on branching out and opening your own Massage Studio!
I'm on top like the roof is
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. Audrey Hepburn
Follow me on Twitter
Rehearsal with and I love this trio. Now we just need to think of a band name... Ideas?
which ones Ali the blonde haired one or the brown haired one
awe thank you yeah decided to just go or with friends I have a pic of it but I can take another tomorrow :)
reply or DM if you're going to #WOMMA2011 this week. we'd love to meet you!
I can not pull off hats. Lol. Awwh man. :P
Good Night.
derrin fine lol..not as well as you shopping this AM lol
LOL. I've avoided this #Facegram meltdown by not being on Though now I wish I was so could totally freak out!
appreciate it
TO DO's pt 1 - Determine if there will be a coach on staff. If so work with them starting today. Time is very short.
oh okay
The old lady from the salad line??? RT: Grandma >>>> #TeamSouthwood"
Want to be in my music video? Come by the Red Canary www.theredcanarychicago.com 4/13 Dress2impress eat/drink be part of audience shots
ha ha I win ;) your coming! :p
When the lawsuit hit, my 1st tweet was on whether w KO, Granholm, Cenk et al we'd have bouncers at
Glad to hear that the surgery went well. May healing proceed quickly. *hugs*
Word. I'm hittin it at 4 when my roommate gets out of work.
Trying to get my hands on a HP #touchpad People shouldn't be allowed to buy 20 and then sell them for 2x more
was just a 14 year old boy who had a dream. And now look at him two years later, never giving up, he got so far
Keep your car in tip-top shape with today’s deal at DGDG-- $15 for an oil & filter change at 8 dealerships, 7 makes in San Jose Area. http:/
Are you familiar with Acclaro's top ten tips for software #localization? Stay tuned for the countdown.
What up maign?!
great game and great win tonight JB!
Dear E Street Radio on , you complete me.
We do know that no one gets wise enough to really understand the heart of another, though it is the task of our life to try. -L. Erdrich
I had the biggest fever ever yesterday
Hope you had a wonderful dinner yesterday!
Out of 2.9 million results, Classof1855.com was 2nd in Google rank today for a 'classification of 1855' search. Thanks to all for visiting!
They bark for a reason. Fuck animal cruelty.
love it. Big 10 coaches already complaining about Urban, shouldn't they wait till they lose by 30 to complain? lol
can you follow me please im new to this
Shane Bauer and fiancé visit Pine City. Short stay in MN before leaving to visit friends.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do;the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it.- Mary Wilson Little
O_O boys do cry!
Oh goodie, so instead of ignoring their regular season and playoffs I can now proceed to ignore their labor talks.
Twenty years ago, we had Steve Jobs, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope. Now we have no jobs, no cash, and no hope.
that was a very nice surprise ;)
Hummus can go with anything
Dinner break with 95k. Time to get some food with my lovely lady
oh thanks, you're a doll. (;
Sitting in the pub below my hotel in england, drinking a timothy Taylor bitter. Life is good.
National Record Store Day tomorrow! Going to pick up some White Stripes and other music goodness.
#cablegang n the building we at luckys me my nigga hood my nigga smashed whut up
IA used to have a url submission form. is that still live ?
I've wanted something like the Inkling for 15+ years. Maybe not right away but the temptation will eventually be too great.
Too true! I make the mistake of collaborating with people much bigger than me who are represented by armies.
Hahaha RT : hahaha outchea looking like a cluck from the low end
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow Police install GPS Trackers on criminals. How does this affect you? They are being monitored 24-7 for your safety.
Love this sub bus driver. He's awesome.
Probably the worst thing about being a penguin is after you're in an argument you'll try to waddle away angrily but still look adorably cute
“: When boys are cute with animals. ♥”
Whatever you do, don't look down. The end of the Internet is a very, very steep drop.
It's been a long time since I've seen a #MLB Manager standing in the 3rd Base Coaching box. But, that's where #MannyActa is.
sent! and right on! those guys are awesome dudes
I know, fantastic. RT “: #TheVoice awesome tony luca version of 99 problems - loved banjo and washboard”
What about a politician who's also a writer?
Had another great Forch on Your Porch last night! Hope you can make it to the next one!
your great!! follow me please? :)
It looks like everyone on the Lakers besides Kobe has a stomach virus.
We love this! RT #IAspireTo be better than I was yesterday.
Every fiber of my being is fighting against me working on my monologues.
RT : Need DJ w/ their own set up that wants 2 work Lady Gaga party 8/19 from 6p-9p. No pay, this is a great opportunity!
“: When I started tweeting about he had 985 votes by himself. He know has 3,322. YOU ALL ARE AWESOME!” Yay!!!
Hate when authors have different price on ebooks on Amazon and B&N. B&N always seems to be higher. I don't buy the book until price match.
👏👏👏 Thank god somebody did; I can smell the others through their tweets lmao
If some of the people within the government were as savvy and dedicated as some of the terrorists....
GIFboom , Instagram ,& music right now ... perfect.
My Bad Im Bout To Now
"Life is like a glass of beer. Lose your head and you're not much good for anything." ~D.G.
“: " don't be feisty with me hallebo." Such a quiality 2,000 tweet #europeangirlproblems” I'm really glad we shared that
Just put the finishing touches on our workshop for tomorrow's NAEA Museum pre-conference. Can't wait!
yes, during longer runs (15+), your feet spread on impact and swell with heat. Not enough space lead to black toes.
When I start talking to new people one of the first things I say is that I cut because I don't want them to find out later and be repulsed.
i agree!
We are only as young as the night..
Back to the Bucks gm where I saw Gooden do 7 things wrong in 90 seconds. Yeesh.
2 more tests to do then its summer
LOL ok sounds good;) a sleeve gone take like 3 days....
WHATS UP TWITTER WORLD!!
he's been trying to match your supreme coolness for years. opposite, you should consider getting some of those Fly glasses.
Hey Kyle my thoughts are you should shit the hell up....
RT “: Its going down tonight ”
Thanks :D
everybody who's single has a main line .
but thanks for asking me....I really hope we find something soon...lordy...
lol! Sure u can have a bandana:)
Have fun playing in front of family & friends in Texas!
along with and 's new singles
Cafe night tomorrow from 5-7 come check us our going to have some music bumping
At $3.81/gallon, gasoline costs 13 cents less today than it did a year ago.
Its been quiet without me and ?? Is that good or bad?
Now following
No matter how big One Direction get, they will always be the 5 boys on the stairs, making us laugh and being themselves.
Are you getting excited about Thursday night? We are!!! Anything we can do to help this week?
Every week should be #goodbeerweek. Why waste time and money on bad stuff?
24 1/2 hours and I'll be watching The Goonies on the big screen! So very excited.
Earthquake!!! A small one, in sf, ca....just now
I'm hungry.
Have a sweet day! :)
He knows who he is 😜
Finished my essay..it sounds like a 1st grader wrote it but at least it's finished.
earlier today i flushed one hundred bucks down the toilet and five minutes later I got a job at JP Morgan.
RT : "Nurture your family...because they will sustain you for the long hall." Kim Bobo at
Nice run/walk with xx
hi twin!
In place of Jane Bennett's ecstatic, harmonious Whitman, Tim Morton gives us Coleridge's looming darkness.
Done with classes for the week :)
8 days away from a good night's sleep and counting
Thanks Netflix for wasting Thousands of dollars on Qwikster. Good job.
Life is a mixture of sunshine and rain, teardrops and laughter,Just remember, there was never a cloud that the sun couldn't shine through.
huh??? Where??? What u talkinbout Willis?
Aw Lucky looked so nice.
When it comes down to it. The head may run the body, but the heart gets his way.
Expecting to see roaming the Garden rocking an Ersan Ilyasova jersey.
Of course-thanks for thinking of me. I've been doing just quick cartoons on my iPad but will bring the A-game for TTSB!
he got pulled over and led police on a high speed Chase and 1 officer is in critical condition.
LISTEN LISTEN LISTEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Reverbnation.com/knowlegeTwitter:
MOVEius came out to suport -- great dancing, loved the visual effects and creative costumes. White wine was a nice touch.
Ding Dong the Witch is Dead! Which old Witch? The Wicked Witch!
Done with the OJ at point experiment
Thanks Ben. Glad to see another success! Working hard to stay positive and not wear myself out this week.
Goals for the summer :: new car, promotion at the job, and living a better life :-)♥
Question: How did you first hear about us?
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, there�s always a person who wouldn�t care how you look because they want you to be you.
Well they arent real -- its just made up. A better idea than the execution
Join us at #Domenicos Pizza and (Glendora) from 5-8pm tonight! Great music + food to support Jimmy and Celestes' adoption!
Got to speak with the ladies of SCT at the Roland Park Woman's Club after a great breakfast at Miss Shirley's.
Love the ears! So cute!
Good news: the majority of small businesses understand biz process, Bad news: how many use paper/spreadsheet to track biz perf
Are you going to ASA?
you haven't tweeted in 15 hours! lol, what's up?
Proud of myself for not washing my car before it rained.
I can't wait to deal Hanny at the deadline.
Congratulations to new NFL Hall Of Fame inductee Richard Dent. Took a while, but Dent finally became the 27th Chicago Bear in the Hall.
Out of nowhere I just got this feeling, this urge to get a tattoo right now.
Yeah, its draft day! Of course im wearing my Bengals hat!
Life isn't about fantasies, its about realities.
is it out yet?
you've got the type of poison wrong... It will be peach schnapps.... or mint.
Haha, give me a reason to build a Spring trip out to see you!
Any one struggling with gout connect with me
We love you!
#ThatOneEx that only gives u drama when they hear u moved on ;) lmao
I've been listening to 94 hours (As I Lay Dying) for about that long.
One thing for sure, he not leaving!
I dont have any, but I've heard good things about in the blood in S.Side
This Plane , is still my song. lol
don't agree, sorry. Stone makes tasty food.
Sometimes I wish I could disappear, without saying anything to anyone. Maybe one day I will.
Everyone in the pic is laughing because Pacquaio didnt know which one was Bradley!
May have totaled the Fusion tonight. If anyone wants to drive me around for the next few days, I'm taking applications
i think my dog just walked into my room, farted and then left... erm..
Just watched the Temple Grandin movie.. It was amazing! Definitely a must see!
Thank you for the solid #FF again.
:/ I GAVE UP CUZ THEY NEVER GUNNA FOLLOW ME OR RT ME :/
that ball was crushed!!!! Hopefully Cespedes can do that more often this season.
Sir If you have a minute please RT this so others can follow the bird to FMG TV in the twitter building for your new TV show. lmao TV
it really sucks that you are just begging your grown up life and it had to be like this:/ I'm here for ya
Hey sup dawg!
I still LOVING YOU...!
Working on #SouthGA today...who knows some playmakers for your boy and the #Cats!?
My dad just gave me his old phone after he got an iPhone 4s... its a Droid Incredible.... Sound familiar?
Watching a different type of art on t.v. #InkMaster is a pretty intense show. Love it!
He that would have fruit must climb the tree. -Thomas Fuller
Hey it was off the top of my head! :)
ugghhh...One Direction? NO WAY! I'm def the N'Sync or Backstreet Boys girl #90'sAreAllThat
what up?
The State Farm Fan Cam Commercial has to be the best commercial on TV
At same time, for such small amt ($1.7B), it wud be a shame to lose. My guess is it is unconstitutional anyways - read Prop 22.
#EDUCATION "Does education humanize us? Sometimes, but not nearly often enough." Parker Palmer
Because I'm the boss and I said so!
That's hilarious! What store was it? Hooray for happy accidents!
thank you!!!
so done with school work
how dare you question me first of all. And why the fuck would you believe me in the first place?! lolol
Learning the power of social media at #Gidomer sales conference!
Up early to make oatmeal the long way and read Emily Dickinson.
GOING NOWW BYE. :)
u too! Hope u r having fun
Thanks for the inspirational articles/blogs you do for writers. You're definitely a good follow.
#iCantStandWhen Somebody rushes me ..can you wait for ONE minute!?
RT "#Aquarius people are born reformers who aspire to change the world to make it a better place to live in."
I have
If you like me,just tell me please.
thanks for checkin out last night at !
I had the white & red ones in 8th grade. Loved those shoes.
I'm reading some funny quotes on twitter and spidey is knocked out for the night :)
Watching Good Night & Good Luck for class and thinking how weird would it be if news anchors still smoked cigarettes during the newscast?
oh my home away from home. When are you going?
“: In Cleveland watching this Saints 49ers game with Big Cuz Rob J And Halo #MOTHUG” stop in Northfield
Jamba oatmeal is so god. It tastes like pie.
I might, what type of job u looking for?
The Archives Fair and Lecture Series has been a huge success! Thanks to all those that attended.
#ihavenotolerance for people who only see the world through the pigmentation of skin.
Ten thought provoking quotes from Steve Jobs; new concept to me... a Beginners Mind from Zen Buddhism. Captures my framework for Digital
Just remembered I'm scared of planes
No bottle water -____-
You're welcome.
What goin on how is your holiday goin? tour
i see you guys liked my #DefiningMoment tweet but did i win?
Also this afternoon, Dr. Donald Currie, pediatric rehabilitationist, testified to baby Ava's longterm prognosis...
Awesome amazing experience at #NFLDraft tonight
I've come to the conclusion that I'm a vampire. I sleep during the day, I cross my arms while I sleep, and I love garlic bread. Oh wait..
happy mother's day to my mommy! we had a wonderful time together! i so love her!!! muah!!!
Alas, yesterday's severe thunderstorm has affected my sensibilities. I can see the future five days hence.
Jesus I'll serve you in Spirit and in Truth
Omg its late FMYLYFE i have a performance tomorrow. Imma read to fall asleep
District championship tonight, leggo DC!
This heat is killin me...gotta go shopping for some summer clothes
“: I wish that gas prices we're the same as my GPA.” not me. I'd be paying more than I already am since I'm a genius.
My brand NEW tune 'Living Famously In L.A' is available on iTunes! It`s going 2 be my fourth song of my upcoming album!
That reminds me, gotta get to my Blitz Talk proposal.
Dont wanna face the world today
Your son is lucky to have you. Unfortunately there are kids who don't have parents to feel concerned for them. Glad he is okay
"In bizness you either STAND OUT or blend in."
ikr? and it would be even funnier if phil lawrence was on the show too
mmhhhmm , you must be on some type of medication
Check out the new Machete trailer on youtube.com updated. Machete premeirs Sept.3rd.
i wonder what the hell she want???
haha I did see that. Whenever I do that I always dive...then fumble on the landing. Losing in OT
My parents are sun tanning somewhere fancy. My dad said he really liked that "tanning mom" look..just kidding.
I'm on a journey alright
Japan will be entirely without nuclear power in May after Hokkaido reactor shutdown for maintenance. Proof it is possible!
Don't worry I will, I'm starting a new one too at peoples request. It'll be up probably today. Talk to you soon! =)
I'm predicting a call at the Ralph's on Lincoln soon. A crazy man has arrived.
Good advice. I'm putting together my portfolio... I have so much!
i <3 summer now dont leave!
We stopped him. Our defense is REAL.
I'm through accepting limits cuz someone says they're so.
Thx for all of your helpful advice at #CCNLC. The is pretty skilled at social media but still learned so much!
Drake did not performed at the grammys he would if kiiled it
do something that u love to do in life and u'll feel better bout ur self...
Dead cells in the body ultimately go to the kidneys for excretion
I agree. Gin and extra olive juice please
We concur RT : So I see Animal Collective is still a thing. That's too bad.
in bed with fever. lameness.
We enjoyed hearing speak yesterday at #WMP2012! We are all in the same fight!
I feel the urgent need to tell Zayn how much I love him right now.
the puppy on #modernfamily is adorable, and has such great comedic timing!
what was wrong? Iove you....
lol I'm checking back every couple hours just to see what else he's gonna say!
Our goal is to provide you with the best "exbeerience" possible! Post your ideas on how we can improve our food for 2012.
You know your gonna miss my kiss
It's a rare evening when the New Jersey Nets are the biggest story in sports.
If you would like to join a committee at RAA (gallery, programming, building, etc) Just let us know! We always need volunteers/decisionmkrs.
I found this club in NY that has a Smirhs night. But you have to get bottle service. Douchy bottle service and te Smiths don't really match.
Crossing my fingers for you. I hope you're not in a driving town.
#Lardo pmixologists need to discover persimmon. spicy, sweet - perfect for cocktails
Tell her you already hired a landscaper (Okay, that was horrible-- my roommate is named Jesus & I had to get my daily dig)
my house is freezing. bring me that hot chocolate right meow.
jk that's mean.
Hans ordered them - but it's probably a few weeks before they arrive. :(
: A leadoff solo HR to right centerfield by Michael Davis puts Eastern back up 3-1 on St. Xavier in the B3.
i am
hi brooks how r u
HAHAHAHA thats what were being for halloween!
Much thanks to my new followers! it is appreciated! (^_^)
Brad Rains at #NARM2012 said: Atlantic looks to partner with an artist to make a brand.
Baby Giraffe Chases Butterfly at Bronx Zoo A female Baringo giraffe calf at the Bronx Zoo was enjoying the warm New York weather over the
Nice! Ford is on the upswing...quality products coming out!
Yes! Are you from the area?
Sparkle sparkle
Most of his sketchbooks, drawings have been digitized, too. (scroll to near bottom of finding aid for images)
Looks like it's either teaching or nothing next semester, so I've begun plotting how to persuade prof to let me incorporate technology.
good use of "you're." And I've never, ever been sarcastic
#QuestionoftheDay: If you have visited other #campuses, would you recommend others do the same to get a new perspective?
Seriously? Wasting beer? Smh... RT I know fans can get passionate, but throwing a beer, or anything, at an ump? Really?
�Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought
well my friend and I haven't got the tickets yet but I think we are. Hope you have fun!
Bah, you suck.
Now I know that Twitter is forever - since I came here first to find out if the rumor about Michael Jackson is true. But I cannot find out.
iWish Will Follow Me on Instgram Like OMG OMG He SEXAAAYYY Follow me ( TheOfficialCc ]
RT : Scotts Branch High School is a rural high school joining the #newtechnetwork through i3 grant
All pray for his safety
Motorcycle is bucket list. Driving a motorcycle off a dock on a lake is f*ck it list. :P
thank u Pastor I'll be sitting in front today with blue checkered shirt for Security. Thank u Sir!
Nope not all Are restored because we've lost power for 45+ minutes...when are we going to get #power back?!
safe travels Soror!
Send us your pictures from Halloween and Dia De Los Muertos!
A dance studio in your housee?
That was the quickest 22-1 run in history!!!
alright well thank you. I have to goto bed now. I'll talk to you tomorrow?
Your new single #SAYSOMETHING is AMAZING!!ツ I'm soo #Proud of you!! You came soo far!! I love you soo much!!<3
i give people advice, but they never take it..... why tho?
Stupid E-mail -__-
where does that stat come from?
Tick Tock Tick Tock patiently...er (attempting to be at least) waiting for the West Coast #ProjectRunway episode to air!
he WAS hood as fuck...mans making child movies now
Success for #leadership is . . . knowing the great art of directing others without their noticing it. Anonymous
like, dorry. but you should quit. nobody eants you to die..
i wanna see them when u get through
I'm not working there all summer...
you're dillusional.. R u a pimp or a teacher? R u a stripper or a rapper? R u a prostitute or a minister?...
Me and are writing a song right now for ! How epic?
Ahh, thats right, I remember now... thanks for clearing that up for me.
Bruh I think I loss 10 dollars @ old navy at the collierville Mall tryen to get some Nike Socks
So that was your evil twin over on The Facebook talking (sarcastically?) about your "deep, sensual voice" then?
What!? Raw will permanently Be 3 hours!?
Brad Mills is using his closer in a tie game on the road. I want to cry this makes me so happy.
You must live life grabbing the bull by the horns but wear a lot of padding.
Never got your mailing address, dude. Make sure to email or DM it to me because I'm sending them out soon.
I think it's time to start working out again(:
Chris Paul says high (-: RT : Game 1 tonight!
How can we ensure that every child has an equal opportunity for healthy growth & development
love your passion, bro.
The ad says at participating locations from 4-7 in commemorative cup. So i'm guessing there's a special smaller cup. lol.
Casting FEMALE, SINGER/DANCER, BLONDE, WHITE, FIT, AVERAGE HEIGHT, TOUR CHINA IN MAY, PAID,
Loving the weather!
JUNE 1ST SNOW WHITE & THE HUNTSMEN!! JULY 20th NEW BATMAN MOVIE > sad but true #Bane was always my favorite.
#Health #Tip: Eating for better vision? Feast ur eyes on leafy greens, which contain antioxidants that help preserve ur retinas!
Remarkable RT : Hard to imagine anything more depressing than TSA getting $4B more than NASA.
I just called Fuji-Ya Uptown and they said #9 roll isn't $9 tonight. Is this true?
My internal dialogue all day has been me going "hi my name is ___ and I ____" in a very sarcastic tone.
Good look on the follow and you've officially
Chipley girls are obviously a hell of alot classier than Vernon girls.
Im so hungry but im so shy to get food since idk anyone here.......
I got you to follow me last following spree❤ (: now I just wish you'd #TweetME ! 😥
I felt the same when I discovered it on my desk left as a "gift" from a hardworking weeder.
I was glad as fuck when I landed but sad at the same time
If you hate paying taxes... RT
Enjoying #TCR12- had a great audience for my #omeka presentation
Does the FBI need to know what books I checked out from my local library? #CongressTMI Stop
I love my momma
-Two years ago you gave me a hot tip on Phillippe's- I have been back oodles of times and just wanted to say thanks Steve, KK
potentially shortened from its description as "that noxious weed"?
Visited my doctor today for a regular exam. Everything's good.
sometimes i work on really crazy things that i just cant talk to anyone about. drives me crazy.
Congrats hun on Usher's new single "Let Me See" !!! Proud of you!!!:-) :-)
Just wrote my first ever video treatment. A lot of work for a 2 minute video. But so worth it. & : Get ready.
only way to maintain govt jobs right now is to increase revenue, which has to be sent to voters, which will be shot down.
My timeline is filled with ppl taking about Justin being slimed -.- wtf where are the directioner's?!?
Try the L'Albatros “Cheese of the Month” club, featuring 3 seasonal cheeses, descriptions & tasting notes each month. Call 216.791.7880.
#MayDay rallies are getting under way on the West Coast. Watch our coverage with , and on
I can't stop staring out the window
how is that "black", terrorist?
I can't believe this happened... I feel horrible. But she couldn't rest in a more beautiful place... :'(
Lycanthrope Studios is the imaging wing of the Mad Forrest. Using professional grade equipment to provide smaller brands with an inexpensi…
At times my nigga makes the game so hard but it can be so easy if he is aggressive like that all the time.
Shoutout to the new followers xP
Wearing excessively tight braids that pulls the hair or impede circulation over time can lead to permanent hair loss.
not working bahah "and error occured" UGH
Gl more exciting than listening to the IRS
Watching lectures free on iTunesU almost feels like stealing education :). Thanks for the open class lectures
Kindred spirits, for sure! Thanks #ideation12 for "linking" us. ;^)
Suite 334 is available for lease!!! It's beautiful and move in ready! Call RBP today to make your appointment to see it!
Going to make this day better by eating Spongebob mac and cheese and dyeing my hair. #PMA don't fail me.
you too!
A&A welcomes another new member to the celeb advisory board! Please welcome actor, singer, director Please follow him!
shin is now dented from softball. Awesome.
How important is privacy to you when using a social network?
isn't a Spurs party called Fiesta?
Can't wait to hang on the playa down here in Miami - Beach Body!!!
I think I have posted just about every Super Bowl Commercial for 2012. Any that I am missing?
Got heat in the eye with bottle on the bus -__-
Tonight Florida's most honored community theater RUMORS by Neil Simon
Here's wishing you big tail-wind!!
Sad day--my Great Uncle passed away. He lived a wonderful fulfilling life of 100 years. <3 He will greatly be missed!!!!
l&o: svu is my favorite show.
so tired. not even gonna try and sleep though.
I was just mentioned on in "Have your say with Jay!" Fun!
That's like sending a surgeon to put on a Band-Aid What nerd wants to come over & help me fix my computer? ?
Platform neutrality for mobile wallets - the new "network neutrality" policy issue for e-transactions
Bears beastin already fuck you mean touchdown bears boy
Unbridled Enthusiasm, Dennis Castro, Kenny Rogers Roasted
So excited to shoot tomorrow in Baja!
Giants win!
Today's #FF will display local tweeps:
"Driven" the mixtape drops May 18th!!!
there's "gentlemen" in skc?!?
I just remembered that the Firestick Guy came to our rummage on Saturday and his wife wouldn't let him buy any swords.
Dieting is easy when you have a mom who cooks healthy dinners and nutrisystem to supplement the rest. :)
Back 2 another week of consisted work !!! I hope will do better this week !!!
Today is a good day: Cubs at 1:20, Bulls at 7, Hawks at 9, all with a high of 58 and Sunny
ANSWER FOLLOW ME PLISSSSSSSSS!
Tattoos will be starting at $20 today!! Don't miss out!! (216) 673 - 1550
O lord
Thanks to all who came out to meet author Katherine Ann Meyer at Barnes & Noble in Rockford on Saturday! It was a sold-out success!
There are days when I believe VRM will break free, and days when I don't. Today, I believe :)
check out our productivity app for the iPad for lawyers www.MobileTranscript.com
movie time first, then sleep time
49ers are going down like a $10 hooker haha
#shitthatpissesmeoff when people answer my question with a single letter.. Wtf do you think I am a sidekick?
My new sound card i am getting for my laptop will have a remote with it when I get it tomorrow LOL
No. Also, please email me w any registration questions. Thank you!
M, homemade meatballs w a homemade marinara, and a few slices of Pecorino Romano...heaven
#20ThingsAboutMe ; I'm SO insecure. I feel like I'll never be pretty enoughh.
out it on your neck...lol
Saturn moves into #libra today for a two year stay. Manners, protocol, and fair negotiating are on the agenda.
Oh well, I thought Kirkpatrick would have looked better in a purple. Ok
studio was great! always fun being around the people that love you the most<3
1st Winning Pick - #NFL Week 12..Raiders/Cowboys..#Take_The_Over (40)...National stage helps Dallas jump-start O..#Happy Thanksgiving
I know! it's totally bogus.
Buying Domain Names Explained Simply
I love how easily I tan(;
I don't gotta tag team, I can handle her single
I can't remember -.-
Haven't smiled this much because of someone in a long time .
Earth day heck yea!!
May the good Lord be with me for this last final.... 
hi there!! You should get a profile pic, otherwise people will think your twitter page is fake/spam. Just trying to help ya :)
This is what I mean. Smh
No RT : you at home?
land ho! In NYC now that boat days are behind me. How's you?
Go team!
Sign of the times: I saw a pic from boxing match and thought it was a still image from a video game.
Saw #thehungergames over the weekend. Loved it! What did you think? I've never read the books, but it makes me want to.
and the scammer created an event and everything... But Baltimore Soundstage knew nothing about it....
#IfITellYou that you have an amazing rack, would you hold it against me?
hope you all enjoyed it!
cant wait til the new angry birds christmas comes out!:)
Attempts to meet with homeless man to find a pregnant homeless woman who we're helping get ID. It's not easy when HP have no place to live.
A taste of the tropics, bathed in chocolate. Yummy ½ lb. milk choc candy bars loaded w/ papaya, coconut, pineapple, macadamia nuts, $10.
Yup, we've had a bunch of old LS members come back and they are up to speed for the most part.
What would you do if your idea/company was bought for 1 billion dollars.
I am God! haha ok um not really but I believe in him.
you know it! I'm way too excited!
arnoldlatt209 Thanks for the follow!
Stretch! Getting ready to pack ourselves full of new ideas & journalistic knowledge at day 2 of the National HS Journalism Conv. in Seattle.
Help support Fellow Alum 's new film L!FE HAPPENS at an near you.
Without u, ur spouse will not become the person that God intends & His Kingdom will not advance as it is meant.-John Eldredge
Big weekend- so let's turn this mF upside down!!!!!!! S/O 1luv!!
Hopefully Johnny Cueto can 'kick' start the
Took a 2 hour nap now it's time to get back to this money
I seen that Nickelodeon is bringing back Figure It Out. Thank you for bringing back and ruining my favorite 90's show.
lol his bro is so annoying
Only 23 more days until the 2010 Central California Auto Show Check out the Ford Ride and Drive on Saturday and Sunday!
#ilovemymombecause i've watched her accomplish any and every goal that she's set throughout my entire life
so guess its ma naptime
hey i changed my name from to
that's the point lol
Having a good time at this Kobalt writers round in Nashville, these guys are legit!
10 minutes ago I was starving. Now I'm not!
Happy mothers day to my momma my grandma my aunts my Comadre my cousins my milfs my babymommas god bless
This one is my fault...I texted the words no-hitter right before this inning...
We talk #packers with NOW! SportsRadio
best match I ever saw you in was a dark match vs Undertaker when you busted out some old school Hulk Hogan moves ! Classic !
how much is he?!? I love his stuff
count me all-in as well EZ, that was classic
Fresh Consulting crossed 12,000 fans on Facebook today - thank you everyone for walking with us on this journey!
A few people get a crappy genetic roll of the dice, 4 everyone else, U control what direction your health takes..Your choices-your results
Preach it! RT : Hate cunts that judge you before they get to know you
That said, sometimes I take pictures of people, but it's not "street photography."
“You and I both know I’m a phenomenal dancer!”- Author Unknown
I'm not there very often these days... but I've been there before! :) Best way to celebrate.
Alas, no. A couple of dishes are part of the popup preview & we're putting the finishing touches on everything else ...
I love
2012 will be the best year yet because our daughter will be born in January! So, in advance, you're welcome. :)
Magnetic energy oxidizing/corroding copper surfaces with no energy input? See pictures on .Any comments? theories?
Just scheduled an appointment with to go over my resume! Super excited to begin applying for jobs.
Texted & tweeted saying goodmorning to my boyfriend cause ya know, yolo.
A little late to this but...anyone else think Adele was not good at the Grammy's? Or at least not Adele-good? Pitch and support issues.
- That's outrageous. If so, I'll ask to speak to Holly's boss.
The #LinkedIn guy on #DigiMe panel doesn't use #Twitter and is indifferent about #Facebook. Wonder how he feels about MySpace?
No prob Thanks Them C&P letterpresses got around. Probably find the big hunks of metal all over Canada too!
We hope you learned your lesson :)
oooppps im sorry thanks for the right name though.
I've never had the conversation with them but I think its fairly obvious that neither of my dogs believe in God or an afterlife.
LOL - Thanks! I'll call up to HQ and complain for sure. Just not now, b/c I'm too mad.
Oh you're too busy with that guy who's in your apt. Shut your blinds. Gezz.
Just passed 150 registrations looking to be at 200 by the end of the week. Don't forget the Early Bird rate runs only to January 31st 2011.
S/o to all the (Artist) who work hard for there fan base and views...(boo) to the artist buying (YOU TUBE VIEWS) that's "FAKE" I AM HIP HOP
Who's ready to #WIN? We will be emailing winners from our latest promo shortly!
aw shucks, I'm blushing ;) <33
It feels and looks like its February outside...I'll pass.
Seems like a lot of us had insomnia last night & are up early, what is with that?
thanks for the tweet of belief via Klout - We heart you!
Just saying no pressure...
points are dictated by our stats team if they award a goal/assist then it flows directly into the game note 2nd asts dont count
RT Wow, wow, wow. Its definitely time to take a new look at Centra, now Saba Meeting. Impressive.
RT Don't get confused between my personality & my attitude. My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are.
Yum! As in Chicken & Waffles? RT : Maxines!
Yes, perfectly safe!
#wcphilly #day2 About to get started here at the Philadelphia Center for Architecture for WordCamp Philly Dev Day.
how old were you? I was 5.
I literally exploded for the next three days after eating B's beans, LOL!!! We scarfed that shit down, yo!
Great set tonight..You killed it tonight @ Sevilla in Long Beach
“: *fluffs pillow* and goes to bed...” ditto! G'night all!!
It shows James pays attention to what people think of him. He knows he's hated & it hurts him. Entitlement. Ha.
thanks bro !
This health fair is today!!!
hm, :) it'd be nice to go after having blood drawn for a second week in a row
'sup G
I don't know?? Somethin diffrent idk random": what are u talking about? :s"
another workout session wit sissy 2day
me + long nights + a nice tan + sleeping in + tanning + shopping + no school + my boyfriend = summer. Summer = happy mood. <3333
The monster in Big Trouble in Little China looks like he could have played in the chuck e cheese band
Still looking for a new guitarist... Anyone? Anyone?
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily e
Gotta Get this beard trimmed up for this National Honor Society program...
Thank you everyone, for supporting the Salty Caramels!
Can't have enough advertisement. Email, web, soon tweet ads for DeafDigest
I like the greenmoms
hope u get better soon:-)
Beginning May 1, Library summer hours are: Monday through Thursday 2pm - 7pm Friday 2pm - 6pm
