Aye joe what we search on Eventbrite to get tix? Cuz Adriannas bum ass ain't got no website lol
haha well thank you, hope you're doing well!
so where do the pictures come from? did she say?
no kidding!! 27 days from now I'll be in LONDON
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 48
RT Did national columnists rip West Va. for not "winning the Big East" enough when they moved to the Big 12? Did I miss that?
Could you please make clicking to uncheck one's collection automatically open list to allow checking Wishlist? Thanks :)
I just realized it is late by resting my chin on the rim of a cup. I am tired as fuck.
No more "explaining" to you! Go back & read your tweet or have a "young" friend read it to you! Lol!
Thanks for the trophy I hope your March Madness brackets are as good as mine. I got mom Jeans going all the way.
Never stop BELIEVING on your dreams
Baby your a spaghetti.
Love is good and it's decent but if your not with the right one then it's pointless
Happy Birthday man!
Trump endorses Romney. What did Romney ever do to Trump?
Or die because everyone would be in shock
God Mornin Twitter.
luckily his cpu and shits here in case his complex trips
New England Patriots made a surprise roster change releasing wide-receiver Tiquan Underwood!
come to Austin <33333
If I told you this morning not to start shit... That means don't fucking start it!
$157 for used VI's though. Need to put some stuff up. eBay or Nt B/S?
Asthma has been kicking in lately. Hate it.
glad your back on facebook....enjoy reading your posts
Will never centralize. Once it's centralized another one will pop up for "new discovery". All content is in 1 place: the web
Quickie little rehearsal with Lynne amd Melissa
Thanks for the #FF!
Can't wait to go see Taylor Lautner's movie "Abduction" cause it was filmed in Pittsburgh.
niall is a slut! he pulled his pants down in front of fans today
CONGRATS TO YOU AND MR AIMEE. He's gonna kill me if he sees this tweet... Seriously, all the best. So happy for you!
Fun fact:George Washington had only one tooth at his inauguration. He wore dentures made of human teeth, animal teeth, ivory or even lead.
hm wish i was eating french onion soup at Musso and Franks,
He said it! "I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable." - Tupac Shakur
Have a safe blessed day.
Hello everyone :)
respect me enough to admit when you've done me wrong instead of lying about it . . .
According to , slavery is better than the Internet.
had the Deviant tonight and I liked it. Star has one four pack left.
Why #GoT is awesome at suspense: my initial reaction to the last scene was, "It's not them." Then I remembered Ned Stark. No one is safe. :(
first run in about a week. Felt great. I just finished a 3.49 mi run with a pace of 10'58"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
good chat today, like sharing #HR consulting ideas. Look forward to the blog post!
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
": Pretty sure I've watching maybe 10 minutes of hockey since the Pens got eliminated. Its been nice." Nothing for me
Disney Cruise out of NY?? Sign me up!!!
me!!! I saw it so many times in NY I got a job ushering the show so I could see it even more!! \m/ \m/
Many thanks for the resource - I am exploring it now.
ugh. That show sucks. I'm sorry you had to lose 4 minutes that you'll never get back:(
Please follow back if haven't already. Thanks(: thanks for the follows already (:
Unique experiences offered at #MamasDay2012 Super Silent Auction: Private Coastline Flight, New York Theatre Package and more!
Long day, I just wanna sleep wanna sleep wanna sleep
Someone get me to 400? :D And ill love you 5evaaaaa~ Shout me out tho please :c
For anyone at London Online #online10 Alexander Street has QR codes, and we're giving away prizes in booth # 400
RT : Hey girl! #function lol. Hey girl. Function!! Really. A mess
"SO THIS BITCH." -- The start of an amazing story
He's not running for re-election...... so you can't really do that.
chinatown urinal! im forever unclean!
makes a lot of sense. Class is in session.
love u too sir:) thanks that really meant a lot!
Have the day off for #MLKJr's Bday? Spend it w/ us @ #SWIMLounge! We'll be relaxing by day & watching the beautiful sunset in the evening.
i was expecting the birdman
No one fooled me yesterday:)
creating our new home on the web....
This is why women love to shop for shoes. Shoes do not make you feel fat.
Great win for Milwaukee. Two games back now behind the Knicks.
Bout to lean on this big bitch she must not know who I am get you fat ass up and do something bitch!!!
Sheamus Wins the Royal Rumble Match!
Its impossible for to follow me
Only if you knew
3 minutes left in class: "I have 1 tiny question: how do we know what knowledge is?" -
totally started that "O-lay"
IF God be for us...
Sweet !! Enjoy the game
Breakfast in bed. My family's awesome!
WHOA on Horrible Bosses, boss! I liked that movie!
Thanks for the RT!!!!
glukianoff, thanks for following us on Twitter!
So glad I formally met thanks to and 👌👍
is it still 7 years?
On my way to #SXSW. Looking forward to an amazing day of panels, mtgs and music tomorrow!
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass. - Maya Angelou
Let's get our followers up!
Apple pie & ice cream....
not only that but what message does it send about English bands since 1978? or are they ALL too smart to be associated with it?
Vote taken to hold off on rate increase until next month passes. No increase today, but could be changed at full board tomorrow.
Honestly With the strength of our love We can go nowhere but up <3
Awww what's his name??
Bloody brilliant
yes! When is this on?
I don't know what the big deal is about St. Patties Day. I could get drunk, throw up and cry within the span of a night any other day.
By the way, Where is PAUL RYAN. Has MITT ROMNEY DUMPED him already? Can I catch this on YOUTUBE also? MITT ROMNEY really piled it on.
We're excited for the start of #DBC2012 today! Who else is ready to get started?
haha that was you and your dad? Hilarious.
$80 for an extra bag. No longer a fan, Porter Airlines. No longer a fan.
Best Car Buys of Denver wants to help you find a car with their large inventory of used vehicles.h ttp://goo.gl/jA5sK
and she's right!
Thursday lunch bad. We're talking tomorrow morning (MET102 proj)...coordinate calendars then?
Today is going to be a long ass day 😥
Yeah, I thought about it being odd when it was on the GW2 main site, but didn't really tie it together as being different.
The painter that performed at half time at the Kings game is going to be on AGT! :D
Thanks for the RT. But that position has been closed & not available when you click it.
And u haven't lost ur buddy. Once befriended, I'm pretty much a #friendforlife :)
Animals have no soul. But ppl do. I wonder what thinks of the millions of homeless ppl. Apparently nothing. Fuck ppl, let save animals
OK let's try this breakfast thing again! Mom went out to pull ONE weed and ended up gardening! How rude! Hungry here! I feel fainty.
i am so not preggers.
very good! Thanks for sharing! I'm sure we could all add our own to that list!
Awww life should not be SPENT alone because jus like that dollar you only get one.
Some nigga save hoes, I'm not that heroic
Chris Johnson wallet weight him down all season, now all sudden u think ur bad! U still suck
I hate getting older, it's not as fun as I thought it would be
wth im on mlb's scoreboard page and it says williams. think they'd update both
great seminar yesterday morning about being a "Smart Reader".
kmsl u so silly...
A lot of people forgot to wash their face today.
"Suck harder". "Close up her hidey hole"; overheard director say both in a play rehearsal--I'm seeing that play.
Today's City Bakery Hot Chocolate flavor: Honduran Hot Chocolate!
GOAL FIU in the 29'! Albrecht flips the ball over a defender in the box and Di Croce finishes past a diving keeper.
In da cut barber shop.
I think Taryns gonna punch someone. Or I will.-_-
Got to go to Burger King. Saw a cute guy there. Highlight of my day.
One more drink then i swear that im going home , truth is i dont really have a place to go so pour me. pour me another </3
send me a link to view your team
how to get rid off from lower back pain and neck pain? could anybody helps to me
Thanks to ChivasUSA, L.A. Galaxy & The Home Depot Center, Carson, CA, for their help and support in bringing Pokatok to the L.A. community.
That awkward moment when i dont know what state im in...
*bows in return* Pleasure to make your acquaintance
I hope she breaks your heart , like you broke mine .
z.": So, what'd we make of that first half? #HOUvDC #MLSonNBC"
yes! Thursday was my day but now Friday! Enjoy your day as well!
Ohh that's even better.. how old is your daughter now ?
What does congress want to rid #MLB of? WWW.USSportspages.com
ok thanks, what about live video? Understand the harlingen game will be live video streamed tonight
I get to spend the morning listening to talks by & others from the Remind me who said work was a bad thing. . .?
outside counsel *rules* are replacing the softer *guidelines* for many corporations. this includes rates and staffing.
a bo sorry oh but it was unexpected he was just like you wanna go to Ihop I was like hell yea lol
#how do I accomplish this?
thanks for the follow! I hope you have a wonderful weekend.
Im moving to LA next month ! Proud of you and hope to network with you in the near future!
Referee: "when we can't eyeball it we use high tech to get it right. Have you seen our amazing chain?"
If you haven't purchased a "I Hella Heart Sac" T-Shirt yet go get one they are going Quick!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Track people<cheerleading people
no it's the 3rd! :( wah that sucks
so i pretty much just gauged my ears.. cool. lol.
Frank Unanue: Know your customers' tastes then cater and adjust to their nationalities and cultures.
Congratulations to Phil Humber on finishing his perfecto! - BB
The crew rocked today and the performances hit it out of the ballpark. Picture wrapped Danny Glover. Three more days.
I'll still be here when you come back buddy. Everybody needs a little break sometimes. I've considered it myself recently.
Good night. =)
Had A Great Time At The Hawks Vs. 76ers Game Even Know The Hawks Lost
I'm in you Your in me
Do you have a girlfriend?
- Ah, the beloved back-to-school sale! LOL! I need pics. Are the pens Sharpies too?
Due to killing, selling drugs, & subjugating women like most modern rap Ive missed a few days pushin videos. We're back. 4 new vids up now!
I was only kidding. If you would like I will txt you now to make you feel special! :)
Going to Florida tomorrow can't wait for all the amazing theme parks!
Hopefully the weather is a little bit warmer today! :)
Meg: Sex wouldn't be a bad thing. Imani: I'd love that!
APPARENTLY... Red Wine mixed with Sky Vodka is NOT the official drink of Joe Denim... my head really hurts!!
Do you wanna help me clean? We bond over this. This is like friendship stuff!
Third and Long on corner of 35th and Third
aw why? And I'm just helping my moms boyfriend move haha
#Wendy's French fries
#pcampboston take the time to observe your users workflow to understand how to add most value
feeling like crying but not letting myself.!):
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb...and I also know that I'm not blonde. - Dolly Parton
that calls for celebration! Ole!
My mother's cruising in the Caribbean. Hadn't yet heard of the earthquake in Haiti. Information is, indeed, power.
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D 8
attended ME class this week in Norfolk, VA with Doug Sutton. Thank you for your organization.
What do you mean it's not Thursday? Seriously? This week is dragging ass
When people assume your talking about them pshh #fallback mind your own business and stop looking at my fucking Tweets
thanks for the mention!
If you want me, it takes more than a wink, more than a drink and more than you think.
The October issue is officially closed, and my summer vacation days are officially approved. Today is a good day :)
WinAmp is now an Android app that aims to manage music between the smartphone and computer. Watch out, iTunes?
They will say "Sorry," and "Thank You."
Blackberry w/o a keyboard is a desperate move by RIM. People left for iPhone/Android DESPITE no keyboard, NOT for touchscreen.
On weekends, Chocolee expands into a bake shop. Pop in to see what came out of the oven Saturday and Sunday. Warning: get here early.
Thank you our pleasure! Your site is really well designed and easy to use! Your mission is fantastic too!
Thanks for the fabulous photo. Keep on running.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
Tweeting from my iPhone hot diggity!
aw, thanks :) glad you liked it!
Thanks for the shout out Mike. Let me know if I can answer any Marketo related questions or show you how it works.
Bored outta my mind......
I know not what u speak of. LOL
tell my boy adam scott hello for me!!
: The emotion layered on top of it all was due to a new element - protester on protester violence (brick thrower)
I finished The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer today. Unforch... It was too good. Don't think I can organize my thoughts enough to write a review.
Our amenities level will include a landscaped sundeck w/ resort style pool,state of the art fitness center & spa w/2 private residences
Never jeopardize a good thing for a new thing
The unexamined life is not woh living. -Socrates
“: Don't sweat the small stuff .” and don't pet the sweaty stuff
You know America has an obesity problem when you're dodging people cruising on their segways as you run in the park...
We are working on an exciting new partnership! Stay tuned! Serious Waffle news coming soon!
how am i going to get all this stuff to DC!!!!
New forum added @ www.myfreegenealogy.com Gardening tips of yester years share your favorite gardening tips from past to present
lol i cant even be there :( cause it was about 3 am here
I hope I can manage it tonight,I iz sleepy,even after taking a 2 hour nap~! (ThatIsVeryRareForMe)~!
I just wish that you had fought harder for me to stay.
can't get Phineas & Ferb theme out of my head
The pattern is full, LAPD helicopters. No permission to buzz the tower!
i knoww:( those were my fav sticks !
.haha x) RT : She prolly was like " look at this bch, she's hotter than me" ;) lol
Jason Aldean & Zac Brown Band lead in 2011 ACA nominations. Both acts earning eight, including Artist of the Year and Album of the Year.
we should
great interview with Mike Leech can we get one with
I don't know which is worse, Community being pulled off or sticking to The Office...
Super important aspect of lobbying is building a relationship with the member's staffers.
I am tech support for my parents...
Kicking off the festival tonight! Come the preparty & mixer from 5-10PM at #RedJacksSaloon in #Arvada!!
I can't believe you saw me from thousands of miles away! You can't eat in the Metro here in DC, incidentally.
Explicit, clear, and demanding, an #Aries will ask for every ounce of commitment and energy a person can muster.
RIP Legendary Singer Etta James. She passed away this morning.
FIn tO GO Jump Into SUm N FUk WIt Yall TOmarrow\ Much Luv Twitters
happy birthday kris , kisses,btw , I love how you handled tote interview at wendy , graciously , like a lady..
#StopBullying it doesn't make you cool it kills dreams and hurts others. I've been bullied many times it isn't fun.
Twitter hacked! Haha.
people who do that really make me mad. poor pups
RT : "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit."
yeah baby!!!
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads? -Albert Camus
goin bacc to school tomorrow and i diabetic too just now found tis shit but i on my feet still lucky me.
The pilot for Revenge is awesome. Just so ya know.
my roommate Harold gave me herpes if that helps
I listened 2 the new song Unbroken by BVB & some of their olds songs. Now those were real R&R. ;-) that's why I <3 my band. #realrock&roll
We love you too Neko! RT : Sitting in my public library. THIS is love.
you too!!
I'd still take bad advice from my best friends
George Lucas needs to chill out with the rereleasing.
fatty lol :P
...He shook my hand goodbye & I saw the World Series ring. Only one man has hit a World Series-winning home run for Canada...
Thanks for super fun party Good 2 meet and see cc:
Without having a goal, its difficult to score.
So glad we could help!
TODAY WAS A GOOD DAY! "Ice Cube voice"
Follow the to get the latest on new music releases, tour dates, and how you can share the love of Muzik Without Prejudice!
Behold the start of slurpee season! #brainfreeze!!
There are only 3 days left for the 50% off individual cabinets at the Washington Co. ReStore
did you find a dress?
why the Brady Anderson stitching on his glove?
That is so funny. I should have know it was u with that tweet. Lol
Now I'm hungry. I can tell this is going to be a nutritious lunch. ;)
Looks like Jon Snow might be in a wee bit of trouble...
is on that. shes amazing and hilarious! :D
.. a chair is still a chair ..
Love your disposition. ~ RT : Good morning beautiful world! Happy Saturday :)
Thank you Stephan! He donated $10, he's a real Fun Friend!
He's the real life Lord of Tubbington.
we rely on word of mouth so pls help us spread the word click SHARE, LIKE, or post links on your fb or twitter!
Just installed Tweetbot on my iPad... it's like whoa!!
Awesome!!!! Keep it up! You're over 1/2 of the month! : Day 17 of #insanity fired up and ready to go!
def honesty and loyalty bc without those two things youll never have trust
Nothing turns your world upside-down more than realizing you've been singing the wrong lyrics for 20 years.
Is it just me, or does he look a little like George Carlin? Like he's going to trade his crazy talk for ironic insight.
There's multiple ways to interpret that and I like to believe they all apply. :)
So engrossed in #1940census forgot to eat breakfast!
prom being next friday and i still dont know how to do my hair, my make-up, and i still have to buy my accesories :O
Wow! Nice showreel! I especially loved the colored pencil cat!
Yes. I agree. I am taking the blog on the road on Saturday to. #NC mountains
Number of people applying for US unemployment aid dips to 367,000
Thanks to everyone who tuned in to last nights radio show on KDVS. The Acidic Swamp Bands maiden voyage went well. We set sail again soon.
Really can't stand people that think #pennstate #football should not accept a bowl bid or to cancel their season. Your mind is 3rd world.
I got my mom one of those giant mothers day cards
any artist(s) that would like a booth for October First Friday, committee is looking to fill up the spaces. ##
Jumping catfish! I can't believe my eyes! There goes Grandma – she's found a pair her size. A-walkin' in her Hot Pants!
#OMG #IfItWasntForFootball the kids at school wouldn't have tackled me when I came out of school.
After listening carefully to P Ryan, I believe he's trying to infuse a spine into Mitt. He senses Mitt needs one.": Paul Ryan says
Miss Austin yet. Cause I doo! :/
When ONE DIRECTION performed! >>>
listen to Let it go... it kinda has a rock feel to it i think
I could go for some Olive Garden right about now
Check the avatar!
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing – that's why we recommend it daily. ~Zig Ziglar
New site! New look! www.800-language.com.
COPE strategy - create once, publish everywhere
Too much chocolate ganache! I need to have a balance plate today: tofu n' veggies, miso soup, rice, salad and cali roll. Yes/No?
Nobody ever reads the rules for Monopoly except when an argument breaks out.
i'd like to apply to be the internet's editor.
Norm Bossio sharing how eating with your grandkids is like being an HR professional.
#NW: Wild Hogs
Listening To Up All Night by
#CXP accelerates professional services firms’ capacity to scale & deliver sustainable results that #business leaders expect.
Just got robo called asking who among the GOP I would be most likey to support for president. I said Santorum, just to fuck with them.
Good thing there was nothing on the DVR. Hopefully, #unlv has enough in the tank to win this game.
Baby Got Back
he goes for whichever dick is in at the time...
I've got background on his amendment that focuses on teen safety.
I Got Money, But It Dnt Make Me , Ill Still Be Tyuanna Without It
Running on fumes???
I'm getting a jersey. Steve cishek is the man. Go #marlins. Gnight
oh, you know, mimed fellatio, the usual...but seriously, that.
when dale & brennan do everything they can to not get anybody to buy their house >>>>
Anything for you.<3
That's a good thing.. I hope.. lol
We live in an incredible time...
Good luck, brother! Look for me in the beer garden after!
I love Hitch
There's also CLH - Cry Like Harry. What the actual fuck is that.
Keep those score updates coming! Much appreciated.
Leaving the gym feeling good studio time yeah!
The 'so popular' moment when some asks you for a followback ;D IT'S LIKE, OMG SOCIAL INTERACTION o;
Elements Therapeutic Massage is offering a $22 massage - You can't beat that! Only on www.crowdclick.com!
Check us out on iTunes!
Hope everyone's having a very productive Monday. Brush off those Monday blues, we're that much closer to the weekend. ;)
My mom kindly reminded me when she called to wish me happy birthday that "she was my age when she had me." Pushin' for those grandbabbies...
Either Holy Holy by Wye Oak or New Year's Eve by Tom Waits
Nice catch. That's hilarious.
I wanna have just one day where I can just sit in my sofa all day and pig out all day !!!!!!!
come to florida so we can meet <3333 if you came to suprise me for my birthday I would be like agdjhxeuebd .
just attended the International Gay and Lesbian Human rights commission awards. Article will appear on my blog on wens. What a great cause!
thanks for making me feel horrible about my self. ruined my day.
Warm, soft, clear, and serene
just think u can dress as a snowman for holloween
I had a lot of people ask me how much I got paid for my last project. They have me all wrong.
Thank you, my love!! I need the reassurance sometimes! :)
wow. RE: my friend's client drama. They tried to edit the non-imovie-compatible-footage in imovie...after being told it wouldn't work. SMH!
Off to be The Wizard!
Can't wait to go taste&chat w/ Alana, the owner of Tredici Market in Wayne this am. She's a alum like me
perfect idea. Maybe we can nail polish paint them. What's your favorite color sheeney.
Tells you what I know about Yanni. He hasn't sung yet. Means I bet Lauren Jelencovich will be featured. Soon I hope.
The "goodnight gaywad" text I just got from >
hey bro can you help out a fellow musician and boarder and follow me^^ Have a blast with the show bro
That was the best show yet! Zebs with the cast then back to the school at 9!
Of Course you know peeps there! :) I'm in. RT Oh! Let's visit Taiwan together! I know people there. ;)
Love the colors :D
Noticed that. Is it exhaustion or playing through pain?
Following back ;) RT :
Dinner club with and tonight (and our husbands)!
Chris Paul celebrity bowling invitational on espn. The voice of #mubb is calling the shots at the lanes.
Love the rain! It inspires me to be creative today. Great time to continue writing my screenplay.
I hope its just taking one player at a time not the Player wanting more money.
The militarys next top target should be to seek and destroy of copy of "Rumor has it" recording
#rememberwhen every nig wanted good hair so they got S curls
My mile time improved by two minutes! Never thought I'd run a mile. Next week, maybe I'll run two.
Our daily lives begin and end with gravity and our response to it determines how we will feel each day. Posture makes perfect.
Beautiful day in #atlanta. The possibilities are endless.
you can get around the Wikipedia block by disabling Javascript.
I would put the car in the garage tonight... Some hail is certainly a possibility.
I'm not sure I understand the question
Congrats Trevor, on your graduation!
Bo to disease!!
RT "Take risks. U are a lot better off being scared than being bored. #life #business #success"
#5Words We Must Live Laugh Love
Cattleman's NEW Late Night Burlesque Show, Burlesque 8801 shouted out on
dang it. lol my facebook keeps deleting. so it keeps deleting me as admin.
Avengers is staying on top for a good reason
Guess who beat my grandpa on a bet???
Stay tuned for details on Casting Call for Bonamour National Campaign
I just heard about Grimes last week, what a coincidence. She's got some good stuff going.
I want some of that gas or whatever is making Rob's voice all deep :D
Clarification, iOS 6 *announcement* at WWDC. Launch in the fall with the phone, like last year.
gin, sparkling wine and lemon. so tasty. so unexpectedly powerful.
shut up. He hit me first.
I can only imagine; it must be exciting indeed. I do wish you had won though.
Also, im probably not going to shower today either.
that moment when you go to retweet someone and their tweets are protrcted <<<<
i can see that you know
Interesting - what's your passion now?
Working on this new track it hella slap!! Haven't worked on a slapper in a minute!! Yeah Buddy!!
Let us look at each other at eye level and see that we are one of God's creatures destined to live in his grace and through His mercy.
it's a beautiful place that's where I like to go best Its much better then all the ones around here
At the Auburn Alehouse for lunch w/a new distributor. They serve our Pinot and viognier along with some great beers.
Am I ugly or Gud looking?
`_` not my day
It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has. -Henry Ward Beecher
Million dollar dream for that cream im up all night!!!
yep. When is load in? Get it?
Been awhile since I thought about twitter- on 11/11/11, I signed the and am hoping to make it a part of my life.
Due to starting issues and parking complications we are having a repeat at union station today so if you missed us yesterday nows ur chance
i know but i want out >.> so bad <-Kelsey xoxo>
Art Directors with ad agency experience where are you? Contract assignments in Jax, FL. Get in touch
Did you know.... Today is "MAKE YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE" day. What are your dreams? What are you doing to make them come true??
yeah :D haha it's earlier than SMCS . Speaking of SMCS are you going to their graduation ? I heard they're doing HM (copiers)
RT : Good Morning Twitter I Will Have A Wonderful And Productive Day #TeamPositive !
lets fast forward two weeks. then ill be happy.(:
Congratulations to all of our GSBA and GSPA graduates. You did it!
AxeOff USA is Marketing!
I think I'll celebrate the life of Steve Jobs with the purchase of a new MacBook Air. I do believe he'd like that. Miss ya, Steve.
Locked him up fam! Don't act like there wasn't help all series! FOH!
Thanks for the follow! :)
Congratulations to 21st Century Diplomats & on being #83 in 's Top 100 Global Thinkers:...
gteat idea...see you on frday!!!!
RT : "I got to the point where I realized they 'intuitive' just means 'I like it'"
Dave Foxx is giving is a terrific primer on manipulating music at the #Summit 2011.
and how certain are you and that #oddneighbor isn't on the twitter?
Sorry guys no live tweeting tonight...but come on folks...you do not want to miss out.
I'm a rebel bitch , I'm blowin blunts !
#LMS for Kiss/Diss Smash/pass Rate/Date
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mommy and all the other moms 💘✨
Why is Summer the Best Time To Blog just Smell So Good www.justsmellsogood-nation.com
I don't know how to do my hair for prom tomorrow ):
"I never thought 'Sodapop Curtis' would announce my retirement"
that ESPN juggling commercial in the office is hilarious. U guys take classes or just really comfortable in front of cameras?
Learn 2 forgive! 4giveness is not 4 the transgressor, it's 4 u. You can never get 2 God's chosen path without willing 2 4give!
That's a good idea. I'd be much more sensitive to asking recent grads esp. with this economy/job market
ALL BY MYSELF, DON'T WANNA BE ALL BY MYSELF
Melanie Fiona's shoes are bad.
Schedule Change!!!... friday nite "Bunga Bunga Party" will play at nublu instead of Clark Gayton
Fun! Here's the idea. Anyone interested makes a video using LaDida, signs about www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com - we all vote on winner. :)
The new search is awesome. Very intuitive and great for building quick lists. Well done!
Should be studying for finals...😒
Simple is always better. Why complicate things. Why make something take longer to do in a world that is already pressed for time.
It's Christmas Eve-Eve and I still have shopping to do! Ugh! When do I reach the organized phase of life??
I just love eating 5 tacos... Feel like a fat ass
Thanx, it was great beer.
Jonathan-not sure if you're aware, but FB page for U of M lets you run action alerts to contact officials directly f/page
I hope so lmao
I'm a deputy marshal in the St. Patty's Day Parade tomorrow...pretty exciting!!!
please follow me!
Got family in town son! Gotta be good second weekend of fiesta...this won't be easy. lol
Don't you hate it when the person you're fighting with is your locker partner? :P
Tons of great things going on in #indy tonight; it's going to be a great weekend.
I am counting down the days until their farmer's market starts! Those lunch hours are going to be a lot more fun come June.
Wouldn't happen to want to share that Nike connection?
Curry came back for jr. year at Davidson to play point with Richards gone. McCollum will stay at SG at Lehigh because McKnight's back.
Want a chance to see Silversun Pickups at the Ames hotel? Keep listening...
congrats keep it rolling if ur looking for new talent would love to send u headshot/resume NY based aea/sag/AFTRA
its going to be okay and when you get off grab a drink and relax too
are you rooting for guys on your fantasy baseball team?
I have a headache THIS BIG and I hardly ever get headaches ...
Im sorry Im so far away, I wish I was in your class.
Sitting at a graduation in the same building I graduated from last year. Bittersweet.
Enso is on HGTV! as we speak!
What a shity turnover.
Love that song! Happy Easter!
I don't think this day could be worse
I love s Antoine walker shimmy on his free throws
Babies man, some people need to learn to grow up and be mature
I think I have a pizza hangover from last night.
reading twilight...
The good news: I got to my first Bulls game of the.season. The bad news: It was tonight.
Peace Day 2011 line up continues to grow! Wes Quave - LA Anthem (LA Lakers theme song) knows where he'll be on Saturday, May 14, 2011.
I only had 1st hour today because after I went to the nurse and I got set home sick
Having breakfast for lunch! Yummy!
I really have no idea!:) lol I don't even follow people I don't know so it's weird:p
Tweeting has returned!
Wow, just noticed Gameloft setting up shop in New Orleans. I would LOVE to work for a video game company down there.
There is only one thing i hate more than my unibrow and that is.. Being dropped off and not picked up on time.
Hey ! How come so many people got sodas but the cart never made it to our end of the plane? Can't wait for our return flight!
just got freaked out by a scrabbling sound in my bag, but it was just a piece of paper sliding around, not a rodent.
“HUNK” is a cold, silent, ruthless and devoid of emotion Umbrella Security Service operative.
I can't wait to see & tonight :) love those girls so much <3
Wishes he could 'park' his debt in someone else's account like UW Tech did. :)
Oh dear lord. Stop it. TIME sucks!
She Want Get Wet For You! But For Me She Swimmin' Pool!
Don't understand why won't give me a celebrity "verified" check?! Don't they know who I am??!!!
We may yet see the market manipulators pull the DOW back up above zero.
For the strength of the Pack is a wolf and the strength of the wolf is the pack.
I love dancing haha
Paul McCartney's new wife Nancy Shevell is independently wealthy and can stand on her own two feet
that is what the retweet button does..It's a good thing!! i'll teach u some apps that let u add a comment b4 u RT!!
Lol. Big Show gave Cody a taste of his own medicine :D
july 6 , 2013 : the day ill see my beautiful hubby , harry , in person <3
hey bro! can u plz follow me back!> :)
Thanks for joining our team!
Children's Hospital serving breakfast! What's your favorite breakfast food?!
The field trips keep rolling in! Nice timing, because Spin: The Science of Rotation is only here through Sun 5/15. Check it while you can!
You can feel good about this one !!! Cats will roll out the Tide !!! GO BIG BLUE !!!
you can't win with just 3 players and at that your down to 2 uh oh
it will come. Know you are working hard at it.
the right instagram filter has a way of making even the most heinously colored confections look lovely
yeahh where you from ??
Best acceptance speech of the night goes to Dave Grohl. Dude keeps it real.
Coronation Street star Simon Gregson has dyed his hair pink to help raise money for a cancer charity.
I really loved watching eaton and lane midnites! Wasn't big fan of the originals though..battles with rock n roll were awesome!
Do you backup your data online? If not, I recommend SOS Online solutions. It's a great program and competitively priced....
what type of sick lie are you believing? me? skinny? wrongoooooooooo
me too, mine dates back to the iTools days!
HAPPY BORN DAY!!!!!
Have a great weekend everyone!
its a cool movie though
wise words
Drumline led by Cee Lo Green emerges, and Madge flies into stripped-down "Express Yourself." I wanted more of that!
how do they get shout-outs!!?
The race is about to happen! #anxious I better win!
yeah right! I needed all day to recover.
always a good time in the "funk zone". Can't wait till The Independent comes out on Thursday.
Christian Maundy Thursday vs. Wikipedia's Muslim Administrators
Late lunch on Mass Ave. Loving the Drunken Chicken & Maque Choux!
As soon as your ex sees you smiling, that's the minute they want you back.
Lakers play The Celtics in a few hrs! Hope it's like old times
YOU NEVER TEXTED ME :((
cheer up princess<3 theres very few girls like u out there, your special & loved, a lot of people love u I bet, including me(: dw
my bad wrong harry clicked the wrong button sorry
The only thing stopping you from making a film is you! How much time do you have to make your career dreams come true?
I will teach you how to tweet, or else Glen will. :)
loading new songs for the race tomorrow! gonna be cold! I'm having second thoughts now lol!
Must follow the UW Madison board: The Many Moods of Bo Ryan!
happy bday toots!!!!
The Class of 1846:From West point to Appomattox
George Clooney,I must agree was the only one who deserved the award,in that bad list of nominees.Alex Payne makes great movies.
Gasparino on Fox denying $JPM trades were prop trades. Nothing to see poor saps. Quick look over here - Breaking: Car Chase!
Draw something with ahlisa. Hahah, It's so sloppy on the bus.
miss the t town!
Guess what is right around the corner? Sunshine and kickball.
Say What #heat got their a$$ whooped ? Ha
Good Morning Everyone!
I am!!! Rt": Who's watching the fight tonight? #themoneyteam"
am I invited?
Patron: Would an International Harvester 1957 R120 truck be able to haul an elephant? Archivist: African or Asian?
“: Gingrich on his weight: "God wanted me to be a bear and not a gazelle."He says he's fine but knows he should lose weight.
I'm tired and stressing cause my dad has surgery tomorrow so glad this is the last of his surgeries tomorrow
fever, soar throat, throwing up,
Mama Darlene () on the hunt for a disposable grill to feed the family. We still in here y'all.
Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill is very progressive; cld set up buses to Charlotte DNC convention for demo.
Guess what dumbass left their car window open last night? This one!! 👏
City Walk is like a mini version of Vegas c:
Complimentary tickets to Paul Rabinow's Anthropos of Modernity lecture at Schnitzer Concert Hall on May 26, 2011, 7PM for Staff and Students
of course I do! No pain no gain haha
Where do you find these interesting papers?
Hot roller girl nerds? Yes please.
RT : The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. -Norman Peale
LIES. All jerks, all the time.
What did u think? Wasn't it was odd how great the A's thought Nick Swisher was? Solid player, but not the next big thing...
Hey What was your word of the day on Friday?
can you please email me?
You know I'm spoiled lil daddy *stomps the floor*
Yes, because those things are actually related.
Omg guise~
Can someone please tell me what in the world Cottage Cheese is....?
..and kirsten.
Like 20 songs written for a possible 6 song EP! It's ben a hell of a writing process.
AIM = the original Facebook/Twitter status
It's snowing in Albuquerque!
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Tonight is a ukulele night.
Steven Jo is a damn fool.....
Such a long night. Had fun partying with , , and
Going over Ben Franklin's terms for being drunk! made me laugh but forgot my favorite - halfway to concord.
I don't know are you with gabe?
I didn't say y'all so you sound dumb..I was speaking to everyone who does that..
Remember life before the internet, when we went outside and did stuff?? Oh those were the days :)
I never had such a hot date!!!! You looked beautiful!
I need to buy the DVD!
Thanks Gates to Badger tailgate just opened. Beautiful day in California!
No shaving cream... I guess this means its gonna be a long day at work
Listen to lil wayne
I think it's called Scream... I'm not completely sure.
Deactivated my Facebook for a little bit. Stupid sister. Might reactivate it tonight.
The moment Sophomore Review is over I'll be a happy woman.
beats working anyday!
The Insane Clown Posse have been just a little too quiet lately.
Hey Troy
I also would have gotten a tattoo of it too though
yeah because Fox news would report that Bush authorized training a terrorist org. Because that is SUCH a Fox news thing to do!
#pizzatweetup may see the Twitter debut of the tonight.
I'm going to come early in the mornings. Ughh going to be a drag
I've been good trying to live life, how you been
I went to the hard rock last nite if you would saw the custom that I have. Last nite you would crack up so hard and look at me
working on some big projects for our spring/summer line... including our first lookbook and another website overhaul! evolution of a brand.
I wanted to give it another try. 1st word of dialogue in Ep5? Yep, "Jake."
When I was 21, it was a very good year.
RT : A friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be somewhere else.
In college, we'd get 40 oz. bottles of Olde English 800, drink down to the top of the label, fill back up w/ OJ and called it Brass Monkey
Omg at the fake taylor kinnys tweets ... LMAO
Is there anyone other than AT&T that offers good cell phone coverage through the Gorge and in Carson?
A survey last year revealed that the 18-34 age group prefers print advertising to online advertising. Are you using both?
He's back ;) x Call me later please.
Tried to make words move up the paper by scrolling with my finger - like on a phone or tablet. You're so dirty.
Find me on Facebook
Haven't read that one. Will give it a try. my favorite was Travels.
Haha whataya think of the finale?
You're right. Peaches are jucier!
hell yeah! : dats deff a CRAFT
But seriously, that news story bandwagon left the station last December. PS I checked for them in a hotel i was at recently.
I thought today was opening day for the Fantasy Focus? I don't know what is going on, but I'm blaming PodVader
imma let you pick something out before Xmas homie I got you!
brings joy to so many people everyday. He has devoted his life to making others happy. Who else can say that?
Could you two take it to a chat room? It's starting to nausiate me...
we prayed for you tonight at church. May God bless you! This is the year of greater things for you!
By the way, one isn't "old": repeat after me: "I am ageless and eternal.".
how yo weak ass know?!
My mom's proud of me for fighting off prescription medicine side effects with natural remedies…
you like Bret Easton Ellis too? You are a man of impeccable taste.
i know i wish yaw could have came to bw3
To the chicks never plan a future with someone who has no future plans for themselves.
Dylan can fill you in on all the details.
the moment wen I revisit why I act the way I do wen u get the fake ass handshakes knowing nothing ever going 2 come from it.
Truck driver delivers third roadside baby
if we told you then we'd have to kill you ;) just keep a look out for our fabulous marketing team
then no reply lol, im really going to bed on that one!
where was my invite! :)
holy fuck ray allen boston down 2
Thanks for the pointer! Curious when more researchers might be able to imagine working w/such imaging
The Weather Channel was just playing Jurassic Park music on their local forecast thing. I should watch the weather at midnight more often...
Testing a YouTube plugin for Adobe Connect this morning... plays great now... inner panic rising about playing it "live"
Congrats! Go you!
MATC student login is down for maintenance...fingers crossed that its because they are posting every1s fafsa award.
Robin, I love to watch Dr. Phil show. Also the way he holds your hand, the love in his eyes for you @ sat the end of the show
awesome! , happy to chat.
The worst partvabout school is waking up early, besides that i dont mind
I got #1 girl and Valentines Girl on my iPod Touch
are you as awesome as I think you are ?
How do girls who all upward inflect their sentences all find each other?
Met two wonderful business men today! Young,black,and on they A game. I love it! Let's get it!
write about that on your blog. She had dumps like a truck truck truck
On my way to the studio and then for a full day with !
Gave a talk abt the City Archives at for their Family and Local History series. Lovely audience with lots of great questions!
bby I'm sure you did great. ;-*
The MGMAT Guide 1 Number Properties really hurts my deeply.
An indoor trampoline world? Yes, please!
you rang?
Favorite Bands:
Will you take me to see breaking dawn this weekend!????! Pretty please!
My mom ohh God wat am i going to do
Bro... I'd give your wife half? Is that straight??
did u follow the people who asked u last night on tinychat???
thanks for checking out my song :) means a lot!
I'm not wanted here. Awk
#hth2012 "a race to acquire and control data assets" (O'Reilyy on Web 2 business models)
A #BFHistoryLesson - today in 1804 the U.S. Congress ordered the removal of #Indians east of the #Mississippi to
thomas,louis, julian and i need friends gor them and i need four emenies that are girls
seriously none of the guys I went out with ever meant it well yeah long story don't really like talking about it..
What color?
Alex Being A Jackass !!!
You are never bugging me. I am excited for you and proud of you. Glad you were excited about your award.
Bored = eating anything around
I hope that doesn't become a habit. lol
next week.
hi. you're awesome. :3
I guess, but it doesn't break out author in gargantuan way. These bks wur alr sell well & had tons of public.
She in stripclub She doing a handstand
Did you switch your domain provider? Who'd you choose?
great seeing you yesterday. Glad you're back in the states, but you should have kept the "South of the Border" 'stache...
Welcome coach Golden to the UM family!
thank you! Merry Christmas to you and yours!
Score like Peyton Manning! 1st person 2 tell us which Super Bowl P. M. was voted MVP will recieve 96% off any of our tours.
Monroe what's up??
Can't decide whether #Ruffles or #WavyLays are better...it seems like they're basically the same thing...
Love the Crooked Ale's HH!
Today is s quote tweeting day
"Night time is really the best time to work. All the ideas are there to be yours because everyone else is asleep" ~Catherine O'Hara
hope friends in TX are ok “: Internet more reliable way to communicate than cell phones/txt msgs in a weather emergency.”
Could be his kid splooging on it.
Jesus Christ Lady GaGa followed me on my old account but refuses to follow me.
Sounds fun. Wish I could have joined you two! :)
we have labels - I meant you might not! ha I played basketball and I was always a great swimmer though I didn't compete you?
No problems yet today gota thank da lord for dat
Tom T. Hall will be at tomorrow night...and so will I.
#NBA biggest fear the hot Spurs reach finals.
I just realized the song stuck in my head is by #onedirection. Fml.
didn't Tara Hunt do that a few years ago? I would buy tickets to the Stacey Hood world tour :D
e a ah ahh
Lovely weather in Sacramento! Feel like getting into some lightweight trouble ;-)
#WhiskerWars was awesome thanks for aiming the public eye at us IFC!!! Btw Austin did not win the 2015 WBMC, but we are looking for 2017!!
= high roller ... No waiting for him at O'Hare like us mere mortals
Unfortunately the "minute" part of CVS minute clinic does not refer to the wait...
and can't wait to see you guys tomorrow!! Going to be amazing...
And keep your fingers crossed...had to check the snare. Almost had to check the cyms too, but I wouldn't let United take 'em.
Hey Oscar. How do you like McLaren chances for tomorrow?
John's Incredible Pizza in Beaverton is INCREDIBLE! Buffet, games, rides and so much to look at. Beer and wine too. Highly recommend. A+
Yup. Same author. Looked into that one too but stuck w/ the personal profiles. Very informative book. Bought a few posters too!
i gotta fuckin work in the morning -_-
I try to be supportive, but you wont let me.
I've been playing this game of checking and unchecking tracks to sync to my 30GB i P h o n e, but it's getting impossible.
of course I care! <3 ^_^
Subway must have introduced a new Genius feature, because they just suggested I might like a drink with my sandwich
No work for me today x)
She Still Loves You Too!
Friday's #Fashiontini benefits the Boys & Girls Club of San Antonio! Congrats to the new Director of Development, Zuani Villarreal!
poor- when you have to much month left at the end of your money
SPN fans love their boys. ;-)
"Every beautiful girl has an ugly friend. If you don't have one than your the ugly friend" your the ugly friend
Why are all the booties I love 4.5 - 5 inches high? That'd put me at 6'4", which is really just unnecessary.
Thankful to have that at least. I'm going to the NCPH conference, which has a digital projects showcase that I'm excited for.
I forget when I've not worn my in a bit, just how comfy it is.
have fun in the chi
There are plant chicks?
On the hunt for a toile print men's sweatshirt….maybe some Kehinde Wiley style new age toile….
Walked out of the house this morning and left my lunch bag sitting on the table. Hello Monday.
You who is reading this YEAH you come and save me from English class >.< PLEASE
Hi Craig. Shoutout from Philly. Follow me
SO TRUE!!! RT : Customers dont have lack of technology problem. Its a lack of sustainable business model problem.
'cunt' is my favorite word!
My grandmother had some pretty cute stories, too, about how all the girls swooned over him in his uniform.
Thank you for all of your help designing our site. You're awesome!!!!
On a field trip to the Tidal Basin with 7 adults for my 20 first graders. That ratio might be enough to ensure my sanity.
Giraffes and rats can last longer without water than camels.
God! If it wasn't late start I wouldn't of missed the twitcam!
No video/pics. Multiple police headed fast going north on 122nd. But well past Stark. Police/ambulance headed east on Stark.
Watching the waterboy talk about a
It's Dia De Las Madres in Mexico today! Happy Mother's Day to all of my Mexican mothers celebrating today!
Nomads new album "No Magic" is amazing and comes to your favorit label early december!
Love me some pickled okra
not at all cause its not like the smell in my apartment was any different
♬ Re-release of "In The Words of a Song" cdbaby.com/cd/BobJames2 only available as download, also from I-Tunes, Amazon, Last.FM, Rhapsody ♬
Single.. RT if you single
ill go with ya ;)
I hear they'll give you seconds on the house. I'm yet to try. Gotta make another SF trip. Need an excuse.
yeah. exactly. Thanks
I did
Who's having an awesome Tuesday???
Have you ever dated a guy that took out his front teeth at dinner
Miami got this.... the bulls cant handl'em! aha
I'm going to Disneyland today. That's all.
theres hope and dreams and then there's reality. AJ sucks.
RT : We will so be there!!! Love the Carlyle. You must visit me next time you're in town!
Cushing Academy get rid of all their books: replaces them with ereaders. Headmaster likens books to scrolls.
not exactly. You're not promised a tomorrow.
Weekend Pick: 5 for 5 appetizer special at Pepper's Bar from 5pm - 6pm & Comedian John Pinette at The Improv Comedy Club from 8pm - 9pm!
Best deals EVA....Stop by!
RT : RT : Glad to see Councilmember Emerald and Senator Kehoe at breakfast tax measure discussion.
>When falls asleep with the tv on.
how come your not coming to Boston? :/
thanks will keep trying
Im so flattered.
Green Sleeve Ads, Outside The Box Advertising & Promotions that eliminates traditional 3rd Party Publications .
Always love having empowering calls with my fellow artists, they are a blessing!
I don't want people who want to dance; I want people who have to dance. ~George Balanchine
With everything going on in our world, what do you feel are some things the individual can do to best bring about positive change?
Txting in my ear<
@ NullFear Aye aye captain.
Forbes would be a good idea. Has a good financial head.
: can you two help me get the ux chat off the ground? hoping you can join and spread the word. what say? thx
Cheap uniforms for your company, market your business with printed tees and embroidered polos. Call 954-245-8380
i love my car.
just in case..:) lol im not gunna annoy him tho this is the last night ill ask aha but 330 524 8771
Good and how are you dear?
for a second i was like she unfollowed me n followed me again!?!?! Then I realized u made a new one hahaha
can't wait. When is the next show?
writing basically 1,000 words a minute
Actually bro, I feel all that you are saying. There are also some young people 5th graders,
Who are your top 5 in the #KyDerby? Do you know if Rome's entering Miz this weekend?
wtf lol that makes no sense we dont look alike
met Teodosii Spasov after his performance at Symphony Space. The concert was amazing!
on to our second stop: Klay Oven
Now what?
apparently Giant is the cool place to go on a Saturday night in langhorne
RT if you've earned big #cashback rewards this week!
Invicible with hot Mark Wahlberg was the #1 movie this day in 2006. I love football and I love Mark. Great movie!
Im slowly turning into an alcoholic...
#ThatOnePersonWho knows the right things to say in order to cheer you up.💙
I look forward to the short week. Besides thingstododc site for the weekend coming up, any other major sites for info for the coming wknd?
Yeah. It remains the principal reason why most of us fall in love.
oh yes it definitely should be!! I lived there for a while and my parents still do. So much to see!
My dad gets to go to pheonix and I just sit here in boring Indiana all springbreak
congrats to your boys. The better team won.
your welcome ;) <3
Brothers home a doing very well.
my dreams can't get any weirder
Surf at Swamis was great. Stay classy San Diego.
Was at wrk had fun whoo!!!!! Im glad God is makn way for me
If ur a threat, u get talked about...if ur a lame, u get ignored.
#Doyouthinkitsweird That people talk so much BS bout you, When they only thing they know bout you is your name??
I have planned on attending next year already...we need to get DJ on board
Circus shot by & an And1
hm........ Already had something sweet from Mcdonalds.....
Miami's bipolar weather <
congrads...Are they still hiring and is it the one over here in Uptown
Really digging Rihanna's new song Where Have You Been (:
Palm Beach Parenting is looking for Palm Beach County MOMtrepreneurs! Tell us about your business www.palmbeachparenting.com
Making moves
Love V...best show ever....
hello there Joey here I would love to hear you sing.
only Natural Light...because it's natural...and it's light.
He was so close to home. :(
modern family. You entered yours in sundance? Didn't know you could enter specs!
If you check out some of the new movies this weekend be sure to share your thoughts. =)
And I shut the game off why? *bangs head *
Im Be Cooling It !
RT "After the Titanic sank, rich people got their revenge by spending the last hundred years melting all the icebergs."
Damn you mass effect!!! I'm just now going to bed!!
Good morning on the first weekend of December 2011! The countdown to 2012 begins.
RT he should tho, bruins love bill wisdom we have confirmed with Bill Walton that he DOES NOT have a twitter account.
Apparently one the Flaming Lips kids goes to my kiddos school. Thought I recognized that guy...
Midlakes Basketball: Very much going to miss this group of seniors...great kids. Hopefully they can go out with one last home win!!
Can we not be together but still like watch movies and kiss and talk and shit?
you welcome
Yeah. And it's true. And it sucks.
have a great day hope everything is great for you
We all have our bad games. We just gotta learn from our mistakes & try to improve on them.
Tonight's WINTER BENJY NIGHT. Hockey! Food! Drinks! Colleagues! More Hockey! We'll see you there.
“: Adding great breweries to #EABF daily. Today's adds: and #craftbeer” Happy to be a part!
you know like... bored by
hell yeah!!!! I like my heart on high! Lol
I agree 100% :(
Ted Eugene!!!
I wonder if Michigan will manage to miss winter this year.
Just wanted to tell you I appreciate your early morning tweets. In many cases its how I "hear" about the news of the day.TY!
RT - #Jacksonville #Jaguars Rookie WR/PR Cecil Shorts is expected to be the primary punt returner this season.
I heart everyone
Fuck foam soap.
Follow - Amazing Project by / Are you Weird? Check it out and see for Yourself:)
The HP P4000 now has parity based Network RAID that can improve capacity efficiency by 50%
Really can't stand either one
You on the program?
If I knew then, what I know now, I'd fall in love.
we drinking this weekend?
that's fine :)
came across an interesting headline from an issue of The New York Post (TC316) dated 2/15/80: "U.S. Secretly Arming the Afghan Rebels."
No but seriously my phone has been dead besides 1 or 2 people. And I like texting people :3
RT GREAT GAME TORREY..TERPS ALL DAY, PRO BOWL NEXT YEAR Thankful for a safe flight...I still love my team
aww congrats to him!
that's when the NBA trade deadline is so, it is a boy.
can you do me a favor? :)
Might open up my apartment for a Field of Dreams viewing party.
having split personalities would help with being so busy.
can sing REALLY WELL!! RT if you love his beautiful voice
#ThingsIDislike shallow people
Wow! Sorry to hear that! Get better soon. =)
Going to my nieces graduation ❤💚
Loving 's graduation cap.
Rough night for the Rangers...we'll get em' tomorrow night!
Is Manu an all time top 10 shooting guard in hoops history? I say yes. What say you? (Taylor)
$15 for Fried Green Tomatoes. The Labyrinth. Patch Adams & What Dreams May Come. SCORE!! I love the $5 bin! :)
Ugh so sick of bullshit i swea....
Straight chillin after a good workout :D
You will get great results in the gym only going once in awhile......
#Bengals lack of running game is killing them. Don't forget Dalton is still a rookie.
Being gay isn't a sin. You love who you love.. You can't control your heart.
I love talking to you
I just noticed that 8th grade kid Ryan Boatright USC basketball and Tim Floyd offerd a scholy to is going to be a frosh in college at Ucon
Today IS going to be a great day! Hope everyone has one too!
Tweet 1 - more to come...
where the fuck is my peporioni
Yes! Lookin' good, sir!
My UK Sales were up 400% last month.
Love the name!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing unique homes throughout San Antonio.
Once again banging my head against my desk. I should get used to this as this will probably be the routine for a little while longer
Free cookies till the sun goes down! Come into the shop and get some! Start your 4/20 weekend early and get Baked! FOR FREE!
Hard to leave out Cannonball for sure! Maybe I should revise to Top 6.
Long-awaited desk time has been cut short due to a client request for an urgent meeting. Desk, I miss you.
Have not eaten since brunch. Might be catching up w me now. Ugh…
Anecdotally, I think it's right, but I wonder if there's a study.
yeah man you too!
He ain't even got on 2chainz , hypocrite ... Lol
Happy Birthday stranger
Heritage Harbour supervisor suggest selling water pipeline - Chicago Tribune
Proud to be a part of the Houston Shuttlebration team. Big events coming to Space Center Houston June 1 & 3.
Awesome. RT : Hey! We're going the be at this year serving v60 and iced coffees.
Does yours have the new kill switch in it?
She gives me all her lovvveee.but only half the timee
I hate when mothafuckas b around the bush if u have sumthing to say then say it.......
getting off the horror topic, haha... Think Djoke can win the remaining slams this year?... French is gonna be hard!!!
Whatever happen to forever?.
Wow, this night lol
Usage note: The adjective "funky" may be applied to music and odors only.
you should tweer You are her idol and she's one of my best friends. It would make her day. :)
Yhu welcome a promise is a promise :T
I LIKE TURTLES
you have nathan. and why would you do that..?
haha what a coincidence
Lot's of fans are anxiously awaiting the flash back feature to see it for ourselves. Lol.
Gettin on FB every 5 min to see if he's online... Yeah I kinda like this guy a lot. :')
Wondering what to eat today.... Suggestions??
Everyone catch Humans Vs Zombie on Chiller tonight? Thoughts?
goodnight friends
god bless you and may flights of angels guard you while you rest!
O_o RT I wudn't be mad If my 28-Year-Old Teacher Took my Virginity In the closet of the classroom .
I can real late to her 100%
Is there a surgical procedure to help the anal-cranial inverted? I seem to have met a great number of them lately.
I bet half you idiots rt-ing that post about Hank Williams Jr. don't even know who Hank Williams is. Fools.
check out my zombie apocalypse survival website at - www.sandovalnation.webs.com
place your vote for you favorite cover for next months issue @ aznightlife.com
Funk U begins 11/11/11 @ the Tonic Tavern in Bay View. Prepare to get schooled!
yes - traditional mysteries rich in food porn and local atmosphere!
#ItsHardTo forget someone that has been your friend for forever
tell Morgan to get Twitter then. And to the milk comment, I can say it how I want since I've milked cows.
can I get a RT? trying to find a place to watch the Bills beat the Pats in London this weekend!
My bus comes in 5 minutes so bye peeps love you guys!! (:
puts me in the same boat!
wanna talk now? :))
I can't spot you with you're new haircut
I'm also "tweeting at the news" again. People are so whiny!
Woo time for #TheVoice 😁
have fun in the Netherlands! I miss that city
When I feel like this, I just wanna get dolled up and leave this house.
i think Ramone was serious when he said they were married.
Ima need to text me 
speedin' in the lane as if I had a quarter, my bitch ridin shotgun, a pizza and a cola
because its good ass shit bro..and you need to suck up for all this youporn chatter!
thanks Rodney
Friday is an excellent day for pizza.
Who has seen #TheLuckyOne ?
Rain delay yesterday, he didn't come back out last night after, so they let him out of his crib to play again today
Definitely! They fell apart like a deck of cards. I was so annoyed, I couldnt even speak. lol
THIS = STOLEN hahahahahahah i weird like that!!!!!!!!
Ohmygod I love life. I love it so much.
True, true. A person is smart, people are stupid. Group-think will be the end of us all.
Just rolled a phatie na its tyme to ride to Pluto n Mars
excuse me while i cry in a corner.....living aaaaalllllllll the way in HAWAII = NO tickets for me :(
Cloudy days blow because they reveal my sunglasses habit has more to do with puffy eyes than sun glare.
oh yea I forgot! lol
And eating lunch :)
is that a new "lovey"? Poor steffi
your welcome!:D
it ain't you. It ain't you
love you doll
Celebrating Thanksgiving in Nashville and feeling so, very thankful for all the wonderful people in my life.
#whoispaulmccartney That is pathetic. This generation...
Hey Andy! I'm off to Nepal for a trek, back to the US around Nov 1, so we'll do the skype-y thing when I get back! Surely!
Once in a while tight in the middle of an ordinary life it gives us a fairytale u r my fairytale please take me back
Your empathy is appreciated. :)
Need volunteers at Kohl Center tonight for Badger Mens Game. You can just show up. Starting at 6.
My thoughts and prayers are with Mike Tyson with loss of his baby girl!
I'll have to try it. Thanks for sharing.
This issue won't be solved anytime soon.
We were so happy last night :(
and pajama pants
I didn't get to sleep in on my first Saturday off. But, I did get to hit up Bdubs with some brothers :)
Pre-holiday I made task lists and timelines for the new years
think first then tweet
Resisting the urge to stay in bed all morning and heading to the gym
Loving the #Lutherville #Maryland shoutout in this week's #MadMen!
Its one of the girls on my floors bday, so her friends sister is out of town so were using her house keg and Jelloshots!
love Sibelius, use it for all my charts.
I agree about Wiltjer...but he must improve his foot speed. He has great instincts but seems to always be a step behind.
Just because you have made mistakes does not mean you are a mistake.
Still deciding what sports to play for high school & scholarships to sign up for.
Yes it is overrated. I am glad I was able to get a lot of q's in. It was always great to see you in PGH and we really miss you.
Financial well-being is simply not thinking about money you havent earned, to buy things you dont need, to impress people you dont like
So, I was shaving yesterday morning and I had a muscle spasm. I ended up accidentally pressing too hard on the blade...
Heading to #inaug09. Glenmont Metro had no lines at 7:45, but it's standing room only after Takoma Park.
So glad our presentation is over! Bridges we're built and I'm sure we promoted lots of understanding...
who cares! Shave it all.
Really? That's weird. I don't know what tagged is lol
Baby, you my everything, you all I ever wanted. We can do it real big, bigger than you ever done it.
uf is big and confusing. super nice tho
Mellow boring night in Chicago, what's everyone else up to?
"Have you ever stopped to think how many tears you shed for someone who did not deserve even a smile? (Demi Lovato)
Come on Month.
will u be at Ou/tx sat?
Leftover beer from yesterdays tailgate = sunday funday
It pays over 2/1 Man Utd, Man City, Real Madrid and Blackpool but im not sure
We look forward to seeing you!
You're the dog ;)
Who is buying the HTC One S tonight? How are you obtaining this hot device?
#favmoviequote Everything that was ever said in Mean Girls
oh this is gotta be the good life<3
some solid investments
People say God gave me Reese because I'm special--sucks...BUT I'm starting to really believe God thinks I rock!!!!!
The #OccupyWallStreet movement has come to Michigan. Saw protesters outside my Public Library here. Rock on, guys.
Good Luck
balance and composure shall fix my mood
"People wait for opportunity to come along...yet it is there every morning."~ Dennis the Menace
I love the way you lie... Haha JUST KIDDING! If you lie to me again, I will throw a brick at your face.
When you go out to eat plz tip your server, they'll probably remember you if you come back ; )
#IDidntTextYouBack because you said we weren't friends earlier.
if you mean the cardinals..they are doing what they do best...not throwing the ball to Larry every play like they should!
In a bad mood with
Evil landlord of the morning: Trying to charge a 75 year old woman $5000 to get rid of bedbugs. Yeah, 1st 15 minutes of the day.
Don't be. That's probably the greatest compliment I've ever given to a woman.
I agree. One of my favorite things about the end of the year is thinking about the next one.
your from La, right? Haha
they'll call b4 the day ends!
KENTUCKY! GO BIG BLUE! Nobody develops Pros like Calipari 5 lottery picks in two seasons at UK. 9 players Drafted in two years
Whats your E mail again?
agreed, #topclass organization!
#Word. RT : Deeply touched by all things spiritual and mystical
I promise to get checked in 2011. Thanks for the inspiration !
Or the slap on the wrist that the #Patriots got for #Spygate !
Maroon 5 would be a great show.... have you ever seen them live?
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 17
looks like you just figured that out.
COCKTAILS you say, say no more ===> we'll have to get a cocktail next time I'm in town! :)
Thanks for the
Thanks for the plug!
Happy New year everyone :)
Congrats ILS 8th Grade basketball teams on your wins!!! AWESOME :)
The kids are watching Scooby Doo and the are investigating a computer virus. Shaggy is wearing a tunic....
So what was/is the translucent gelatin? is it harmful?
I just did (:
I saw. Could not be happier.
high-school
Me, a comedian? You... "can't take me seriously"? Well, I demand a refund, oh wait...I have not paid you for your opinion..... so F**K OFF!
This summer, I'm going to split my wordcount quota. 2k on Technomage books, and 1k on Nimbus. Each day. Will blog in spare time.
#g-ma askd me how my day was ... i said i had a #grape day ....103%
Watchin the "So Random" with Cody Simpson as guest star! Aaahh!
#QNA #ANQA What does the bacon hawk mating call sound like?
winding down after #EMchat tonight, bud. How about you? How are all your girls?
Noticed that GitHub auth tokens are deprecated in v3 API, are you planning on updating defunkt/hub to use v3 soon?
talk to her!
even worse its a swimsuit team of dudes!
This quote is in my head this morning "Knowing who you are keeps changing like it should"
Thank you! I am thrilled for this opportunity to play my part in making wishes come true.
hey my friend! Im great how r u??
Just restarted my computer for the fifth time. I should never have shut down last night. Sigh. (sorry mike)
over break HELL yes
now accepting hanger donations. Please deliver to bedroom
"I'm not telling you it's going to be easy, I'm telling you it's going to be worth it." via | Champion THIS cause,
Should be available to buy wednesday. First come first serve on the first batch. We'll let you know!
I think you are correct. RT : I think we should go clubbing.
Good luck to the best desk neighbor I ever had!
lol ok what about just to hang out
I joined the 25 lb club on Sunday, and with another loss on my weigh in today, I have currently lost 31.2 lbs. So happy right now!
#FF have an amazing weekend
is proud to be fresh meat (a rookie) in the Rocky Mountain Roller Girls league in Denver, CO. What a great community of women!
How to Keep Buyers Happy with Internet Marketing Customer ...
Thanks to our new followers -- Hope to see you all at next week's event
its good
I anticipate more squealing/squeaking laughter!
Physicians are looking to affiliate with hospitals that have adequate capital, among other characteristics.
Happy birthday justinbieber
I dont have a boyfriend, but best believe my wedding is planned
Ha, love how you both thought it was a bike. Alas no, it was a car. I'd much prefer replacing a bike tire.
Come on guys, we are in the PEACE academy.
Thank you:)
Fainting Dragons would be pretty adorable.
Tough subject but I'm glad you covered it! I wonder what the grammatical future holds in store in this regard.:)
