Come on over to Barleys Bar on 15th. and Cuming. Grab a #beer and a #cws T from your old friend Piv.
We always have great music and great people we are the only night club are way... Come check us out !
ok Jeff, if any of the Network pro bowl trip winners didn't claim their prize, I want dibs please...ready to go today!
How will the game time change on August 13th affect the #Brewers Block Party and Autograph day?
Don't call me a cheese leg
Hell yes! Love it! “: tweeted me the other night I know you got a pic w/ her but I still felt special!”
Librarians jump into youth media like says
I could have sworn they won two series in 95 in five games lol Stupid false stats.
excellent bfast w talking about #dctech and her business ideas
yeah that sounds like every wild fan good catch man
"what's your favorite cheese and why" boom!
lol that regional thread has become a ghost town now
Riding with them hammers couple youngins lost they in front of they grandmas. Trynna play with hammers.
even though i miss you...youre still not missing me
just the way you are
so does this mean the Colts are going to draft Robert Griffin I?
PLEASE STOP TALKING TO THE CAMERA AS IF YOUR ON PEEWEE's PLAYHOUSE
Hello and thanks for your RT.
“ Naught That Put Her Ugly Ass in My BIO.”
the "traveling" dance. Hilarious.
this years SB was as bad as last years national anthem!
Show date announced! 1-15-2010 @ Mr. Smalls! Visit YesterdayRocks.com for more details.
not before my back was blown out
as long as it wouldn't be like a changeling I guess, but it would make it more obv it was a hallucination
Use the Good Neighbor Next Door program and eligible buyers can receive up to 50% discount on the price of certain homes
#ASTD2012 moving on to four seasons 1. fun and games ahead!
ha! I will gladly dj your presentation. Giiiirrrrllll I'm going to rely on my Baltimore stories and pictures
LoL... he's been stalling for 30 minutes... I'm curious what he's planning to do for the next hour and a half.
You should hang out with my friends and I! If you have time...
Unsubscribed to some email lists because now I have latest posts in feedly so if you noticed I did, it wasn't personal.
shut up Braden!
was thinking of word for my analogy in my thesis conclusion. the word? rhizomatic. first time using it since explained it fall07
hahaha yes! “: Titanic 3D, What? Do they see the iceberg this time?”
oh I agree that there are other factors that impact people of African descent in this space and across generations.
It's Monday ! and it's May! the fastest year ever 2012! goodness !
Ladies night is tonight!!
First Friday - Featuring Two academy trained lifetime artists and agency art directors from Portland, OR
chloe im so upset that i was playing xbox and this person msg me and said im chloe moretz and blocked me was it you do youplay
At thee hospital
":awkward moment when your about to tell your crush you like him but he interupts you and says "you should meet my girlfriend.
U ARE MY LOVE, U ARE MY HEART. AND WE WILL NEVER EVER EVER BE APART.
My nostalgia for the "minimalist" marketing campaign of 1979 is strong. That's why I've stayed away from this stuff. Just me.
Why do you hate Mormons?
Maaybe :) when are u off traveling again?
GIVE ME SOME QUESTIONSS NAOOO seriously please :'c
Another dog on the bus. Can i bring GK on here?
This asshole thinks I'm stupid...
8 hours of sleep and a nice work out to start my day. I wish it was like this everyday.
#TwitterCrushOf2011 :)) <3 he's on my mind, all day ;)
aaahh ive been at work for 2 hrs. but now the clock says its only been 1 hr. i feel like a whole hour of my life just dissapeared into space
Rapid City puts one in the net. The refs don't waive theirs off. Score now 1-0
We'd love to see some pics! Have fun RT : Thanks for the #swag. Going to rock my new sunglasses in
Funny, that's what it tweeted after you asked it to tweet your response.
welcome home son.
Hehe of course i drew it:) but thank you! Appreciate itt just wanna make it cooler
Hey! Follow my sister!
I need to make a Super Bowl commercial next year. A friend just won a cool mil with his! It's a Frito Lay Frenzy in
WEBSITE LAUNCHING SOON!!!!
RT Like matter, love can't be created or destroyed. It's always there.
BTW, we really appreciate you speaking as part of our Ask the Expert series. This knowledge sharing is so valuable. Ty!
we can create a video before the opening to increase the marketing efforts?
Great parties need no significant preparation. It is all about the people attending.
if you send us the vid and the projects you want to we will take care of it. Sorry for the trouble
everyone should check out this band Forbearance
have a nest with 4 baby bluebirds with friendly mom & dad. $15 for my address.
I am love this movie
When a bitch whispers something to your friend sitting next to you about you & you're just like "Da fuq? I heard you dumb cunt."
Holy Jesus oh my bob I just met and I asked Isaac to make an #itgetsbetter video and he wrote it down!
Wow... Way to kick off the Q&A session
I too am inspired by you and your talent and courage. You are terrific!
Holy crap, the Blue Line is flying. Where was this in 2008?
That's like everyday in my house... lol :)
this sucks and is BS. Teams are going to target him now!
There's still an hour and 10 minutes to win 4 museum passes and $50 bucks at Weissbergers!
thanks for the FF ... i used to know what that meant but have forgotten!
love you so ♥
great article on theat windows. Love your points on data-driven decisions. Would love to chat about analytics we run for films
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily." - Zig Ziglar
Ha! That would make sense. Sorry that I didn't pick up on that! I had one of those "more-power-to-you" moments :P
extremely hungry and I need some food cant wait for my stepmom to feed me...
For those attending the NACUA Workshop this Friday, don't forget to sign up on-site for small group dinners to meet your colleagues!
(downsize when decrease in demand) another thought... increase innovation create new demand.
No Hands by Rocka Flocka Flame
Bynum doesn't step up &help on Young's dunk-In fact he backed up-& just cherry picked for a dunk.Ton of talent-no mental toughness or hustle
Downloading songs on my Iphone ;D
that's on mike brown. His defense 2 weeks ago vs. Durant was spectacular
“: Debating if I wanna go to Brew city or not” you do!
ugh, I gotta get off. k, Cody owes me an answer later (;
u saw what happened last year and this year when they feed the beast. Just wait til zbo a 100%
come come now, you should know I have a copy ;)
Happy Opening!
congrats on Ebony's power list! Found out today I'm on it too for my work on sickle cell! Yay!
As long as he's not a "painter." :)
RT : Level 1 "snow" advisory declared in Butler County because of hazardous road conditions:...
Here on time today and looking forwared to chat!
Poking a chick on Facebook is never enough I jus wana fuck you , fuck you …
But what to get my gram, mother, and girl? Idk for sure
do you know of elementary school social studies teachers that use Twitter? Looking specifically for teachers in Kentucky
don't worry about that as #Weeden will start week 1!
There's a few people in striped shirts in Pittsburgh that should lose their jobs within the next couple minutes.
Nah, I was talking about a bodyguard/security here in Detroit Not Sean Kingston
hey fellow worker, make your way to #occupyrichmond the folk festival will be in town!
Venice can wait, I'm off to Berlin
Don't give them the ammo, so that they can't wage the war.
for sure, I really hope to. Hit me up about anything! I'd love to chill with you dudes, and MCMS too
Can a girl stretch in peace please?!! sheesh “: you turning soft now. Lol”
“If you can’t feed a hundred people, then just feed one.” - #MotherTeresa |
Nevermind, I see in your avatar that you are a Giants fan. Ha.
Nuh Uhh... RIP Drake is trending -_- Don't Even Joke About My Favorite Rapper Nigga -_-
Thanks, lady! Hope you had a great holiday! :)
Connectivity--both digitally and as Philip says "using the oldest social media--talking person to person"
Mayock is a knucklehead! I am happy as hell we got Perry!
What a wonderful thing it is to be sure of one's faith How wonderful to be a member of the evangelical church, which preaches th
ha ha. Why in the world are you watching it?! You seemed rather predisposed to hate it...
I love my life!
thats true...we need to have a little get together sometime!
How was the surfing up in Brookville? The river had a bunch of debris this weekend.
The big question is "How do we fix the housing market"??? Ask me and I will show America how. This is what my presidential campaign about
So full , i can't even move !but I Can't wait for leftovers :) my favorite part !
- Well, hello! Thanks for the follow.
Haha that's classic..
ddnt mak it to the World Hip Hop Dance Championship Finals :'( watever im still supporting u! I will forever support and love u!!
Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures
Turning 19 on Saturday can't wait just think in two more years I'll be 21
Matters like Bountygate...which are directly related to brain injuries. Why do you think Goodell cracked down so hard?
Why do privates park in general parking and generals park in private parking?
I see my fated stars in your eyes. They melt me like the sun does snow
Date with the boyfrwann this friday:) The next 3 days need to go faster!
We are on our way there now
MJ pandora is killing it right now
Fell in love with again today!
90 Ch Léoville Barton (2of2). Classic #Bordeaux nose of cedar, graphite. Stingy notes of tobacco, cherry, cassis. Keep waiting. 92 pts
Well said. I just hate when people say "We gotta make him do the right thing." Always gets a big eye roll from me.
Ppl wonder why Pgh has the US's friendliest drivers. Easy. After dodging potholes & deer all day, other cars seem downright lovable.
sick! we love those dudes a ton! Are you coming to see us with them at Amurica Fest?
ESPN guy just ranked the Niners #1 in the off season based on the acquisitions on offense. A little a high? I was thinking top 5.
came up with a radical idea for our music video. I say we do a mashup of Hold On & Superbass.
I'm fairly sure all will be good....right? yes, yes, it'll be fine.
My room is so hot right now 🔥
I took that 6 years ago when I went back home for my 20 year HS reunion
Restaurant specializes in Mediterranean, Greek food
he's part of the team, but hadn't counted him because of his inactive status. To be more correct, it's 30 official & 1 inactive
While transcribing Spener I came across Coloss. 2.8 & this word: στοιχεῖα. The KJV says "rudiments." M, interesting.
Cranking up the volume on the headphones... What the hell just happened???
Any of you guys bloggers? Help us out by posting our music!
Im ready for you . love you! Lol
RT: If I give you my heart, be gentle.
psh, maybe just a little..
This guy, I swear ... RT Nashville has a Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm Flailing Tube Man out their arena
Today is Everybody-Give-A-Long-Speech-Day in the Ohio House, AKA "Wednesday."
Clock management, McCarthy?
#FavoriteClothingBrand Forever 21, Polo, Tisa, Urban Outfitters, American Eagle, H&M, Zara
This summer is gonna suck..
im craving some korean soup!!!!!
you're pretty dope with the music
Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first. Frederick Wilcox
if I sold my winter album for $5, 3 (magical) tracks, as a fundraiser for tour/new loop pedal, would you buy it?
LATER ON MAN...LATER ON
Can you play Thats what makes you beautiful by One Direction ? and can you tell your listeners to Trend #Bring1DtoHawaii???
when I've seen someone reading This Book Is Overdue! by Marilyn Johnson, I've wanted to say, "I'm in that book," but I've been chicken.
LUNCH is the *new* breakfast - don't you agree? Join us today?
have you hit it yet? :D it rips pretty smooth, especially with ice :)
We had some nice rain last night. Perfect timing for fertilizing.
Staff of ATLA (booth 251)outbound ORD to SFO. Proud that some of our tech and pr staff are also religion/theology scholars.
Its a buzzin' here at Portland's Maywood Park annual neighborhood garage sale weekend. Love my Parkrose community!
we #adore both you two #wonderful young ladies! #cantwait to shoot RT : love ya too mama! Muah!
Up early, putting on the full armor...
WAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT WHAT?!
Anna Sun by Walk The Moon haha whoops. And ikrrr
CHOIR CONCERT THURSDAY AT MY SCHOOL 7PM BE THERE. haaha Emily...
hahaha says the man from WV. I for one enjoy country.
No official work out - lifted a lot of boxes.
I hope I'm running around like when I'm 65.
Great sasquatch.. Expect a pigeon performance next year!
Beanie wells went h.a.m. Today!
Meeting with FH Business Vitality Advisory Advisory Council then 530pm Town Budget Workstudy.
appreciate that!
OMG WE NEED TO VC WHILE IM MAKING MY VIDEO HAHAHAHAHAA
WeSeed Today's very own Carrie Long aka is now on Twitter! Welcome her?
Officially done with grad school ! Woo!
"We must use time creatively."
I don't have school tomorroww! :P
Some days you're the dog; some days you're the hydrant. HAPPY NEW YEAR to all. Catch ya next year! —Tommy Bone Digger
I miss you more
Goodness, I hope tomorrow is warmer than today.
Anyone still up ??
Just got done changing the oil on the whip
That's A Winner!!!
We put together a gift bag for 1 of our injured runners. One of the items is an OISELLE shirt. She's gonna love it. Very nice.
Kinda weird how that jersey is a "throwback" now.
if you let me here's what ill do, ill take
wow bro stop her, she better not be trying to commit suicide again >.>
Three fantastic classes this week leading into the holidays. I can't wait for the new year of work!
Arts And Crafts - Scrapbooking News
Yes it really is!
Hey Trelly! Good morning to you too. Yeah I'm on this :)
Hey Mike thanks for follow, it takes a brave man to admit he was wrong, best to you
. wanna dance tomorrow night? I'll be at on the main floor!
half the time im not sure whether to laugh or cry while watching your show haha love this show though
RT : Any web developers out there? I need one asap.>
LOVE it!!!!!!!!! I cannot WAIT for Wimbledon!!!
Pretty aft
Juniors wanna be like us seniors so badly. 2012>>>2013
The Dog the Bounty Hunter Christmas special with Dog's kids tracking down Santa Claus is AWESOME.
#imalexsgirl WELL.... DUH (;
Good Morning. -_- You should have a Guava for breakfast.
Need 1 more follower for me to get 150 Followers...
thanks for following. Happy to connect and follow you back. Have a fantastic week!
The absolute best thing to happen to me today? Getting to know better! Thanks, Lynn!
Fun time presenting at #TEDx Comcast today. Inspiring stuff.
Just had lunch with a good friend. Love relationships where it's been awhile but we picked up right where we left off.
Think about how much you are going to know.
70° February weather....LOVE IT. Tennis!!
"Be Our Valentine” Sun. Feb 12, 2012 Celebrate an early Valentine Evening at “little Italy” & enjoy “The Malea duo” – vocals: Malea * keys…
P.S. Laupahoehoe is my old stomping grounds! Chee-hoo!! :)
Texas weather is so wacked, one minute it's hot one minute it's not. Next its raining then its not
I see the future...the pain will be less this time...on the cusp of my b day...I'm going to make the next two weeks mine! Come Join me
ok u be followed
dang Jess lol
#Advertising campaign pitch tomorrow. Pretty excited!
I am learning many lessons at this time and thank you for what I have learned from you also.
Berrie burger in my belly. Thanks to Sarah for the fine service at table 10.
-_- im awake
Damn this was exceptional derby, thank you to all the lovely (and brutal) ladies of RCRD, thanks for tuning in, for RCRD this was Papa-San.
From what I understand...you will become addicted to it! : D
well you know...'if you like it then you should'a put an egg on it!'
Should the crazy things we do in high school be held against us as adults?
No one? No one wants to see a picture of my crush? bro. he's super cute.
The Colts should go for LaMichael James...
Read to a Dog starts at 3:30. Cutter is a true canine bibliophile and likes anything, even books about cats. Especially books about cats.
I'm soo tired...
Today I'm going to my ghetto former roommates garage sale to buy back the shit they stole from me
Happy mothers day joan! We love you <3
Oh, nice! That is seriously awesome! You like the Stellas?
Your hair looks so pretty!
Ugh, they bounced my big upset pick, #14 Belmont (Baptist). Bad day for Protestants.
Sorry to inform you.. CRIS Radio is doing maintenance today and there will be no
The series is tied and that's
Sunshine in my liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifeeeeeeeeeeeee
Dear Radio Stations, you know, there are more than 5 songs in the world. Sincerely, ANGRY listeners.
Tomorrow begins another week of working hard to save medical cannabis in San Diego!
Gotta love Veer merch
They also use leeches to bleed themselves when they get the flu...
Speaking if big pussy how are you doing?
not sure yet, it might be Thursday because it's Good Friday. I'll let you know tomorrow after school
worst coaching job in Thibs career. Blew it. Should have put in subs & not pushed Jo
I'd just like to point out the best Hank I album is "Lovesick, Broke...," not "Straight to Hell." Thank you and good night.
If you spend your life regretting things in the past, before you know it... you will have wasted your life on regret .
sweet dreams, make all your wishes come true?
It's Friday! Get out there and make today fabulous!
xo Whitney Diva
you're extremely blessed Holly :) May God bless you forever <3
Classic song."world in my eyes" and "halo" are my favorites from Violator.Love DM.
needs Stevie, Hank, and Elin back
Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas and a blessed, exciting, and fun holiday weekend!
Rick Ross New mixtape: "Sorry for the Weight" ... COMIN SOON.
Tonight is 's Midnight Breakfast! Starts at 10pm
Thank you♪
for some strange reason, men are attracted to trash
We used to make jokes about carrots, spoons and turtles all the time. I miss that tbh.
What else could I do? I'm so inspired by you. That hasn't happened for the longest time.
What are u doing now in baseball
metro pass?..... On promoting??
M14Skillz App is flying out of iTunes...get yours today!
Me?? Misbehaving ? Hmm? 😉
Hehehehe :) i would love a cup of tea (coffee) ... Morning love
Sad that my favorite weekend of the year is over, but glad my dudes made it over for another awesome B1G Tourney
new pictures check em out mixtape drops march 14.....get wit da movement!!!!!
oh yeah!! We should work together in Stillwater 😃
Thanks for the plug! Appreciate it...
Shotwell : Chinese zodiac shows 2012 is the year of the Dragon
Don't change for anyone people who love you love you for you keep that in mind (; ~ Maricarmen
Need address 2 send...REAL BUSINESS REAL PEOPLE REAL VIBES...
Just announced!! Another show headed to BankAtlantic Center in 2013! June 13, 2013... tickets go on sale next Saturday,...
Nice trade with Jags for the 7th pick in the 1st Round and also gain a 4th Round
I had the blues because I had no shoes until upon the street, I met a man who had no feet. Ancient Persian Saying
Mo is the Man!
Smile in your sleep
TOM &JERRY
Que onda Fredo? have you recorded anything new lately??!?!?!
I'm about to hit the "proceed to checkout" button and heard there may be a secret BU discount. Are you the keeper of such wonder?
Brava! “: Google+ friends - I quit. Left G+.”
Is Heyman gonna be on Raw?
Bye bye new yorky. Was short but sw.. warm. See ya soon when the blizzards have returned.
I think everyone is happy with their life except me
Beyonce just served leftovers.
luckies they get to meet u . Sadly I don't live in nyc
From th desk of th Prophet's corner: A brief examination of ourselves is apropos. U will discover u r th chief engineer of wht hs manifested
I need 2 get me a swiss bank account
#TS and #VDI are both in the IT architect's toolset. We must be able to justify one over the other. "sexy" isn't adequate.
#thatakwardmoment when ur physics teacher forgets that he left his twitter on his computer & turns on the projector
RT : Thanks for the free trial online I learned how to greet the belluomos in Italian in less than 15 mins.
this team cud be dangerous RT : Marquette: 1-10 in their last 10 three's. My fear is this might be a recurring theme this yr
Dreams on dreams on dreams about this kid. <<<<
We are offering a special price of (regularly $25) for a total body fat assessment nutritional counseling. Call Luis 786.787.8487
Love this!! Woohoo!!
I'm So confused...and don't know that to do! :/
not going to lie I have a mad crush on you
the Secret Millionaire may be the best reality show on tv....
I'm bored too..
If you've never owned a pair of white airforce ones in your lifetime you're not a real nigga
I can't stop laughing about what you did in Latin!!!! hahahah
Blend Darjeeling Black Tea with Hawaiian Paradise Fruit Tea or Mango Flip Fruit Team for a special treat. Plus Darjeeling teas are on sale!
Parents having Twitters is just weird.
aww...thanks. I'm ok, just old boy drama that came back up today. Silly inside of my head.
Great...a new dog in our building sounds like it's saying HELP when he barks. I'm sure this is going to confuse the crap out of me.
Give us the tools, and we will finish the job
The movie Meet Joe Black is weird, boring, bad, and way too long, but at least it had George Bluth from Arrested Development.
“: goin to the beach .. bye” well my Tuesday just got more boring
So, is a person who enjoys traditional print as much as e-content considered bi-textual?
Only about 40. But we will get there!:) Wanna help and follow??:) <3
It's days like today when I truly love commuting on my bicycle...70°, sunny, with no wind...PERFECT! :)
big pimpin Jay z
you can do it
Next step: Facebook Art Project, followed closely by Amazon Art Project
can't pay attention when there's a dream to be lived
Hannah! Do you have a happy dance? All kidding aside, can DM us your address so we can send you this awesome tank top? Thanks!
Can't wait to golf and catch a tan the next 3 days
And I'm just sayin it's fine by me, if you never leave~
dijieron que no?
Arsenal goes up 3-2, that would put them back in third...
At Anime Detour. I am totally out-nerded.
Thank you for courage to come out & oppose homophobic bill. Your honesty sharply counteracts harm this bill could do. Bravo!
Definitely the Sun Chips and hummus. Yum!
Ordered a new #VWBeetle in Sept., have been anxiously awaiting & got news from dealer today that it's not available till May?
God to like a loving parent, ask for help.
#games Villainous Tower Attack
lowkey you did say before I came we could go to grant park lol but yeah so yo place Friday niggas get high
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years! Support the socks off it!!!
real shit ian gne make it in jail I know this
What a nice day today grill masters time .....
add me I'm always down for some sc2 fun! RTnirro
Still @ the scene, they just identified my bro man smh
Even If you can't possibly win, face the challenge full-on anyways. It's better to burn in brilliant flame than to walk away and die slowly.
5 Hour Energy: Most convincing placebo in the universe.
Screw you trampoline world... 2 1/2 hour long kid party & the parents can't jump AND you don't sell beer, I'm gonna bounce
I am crossing my fingers that this list also includes vests as well as pastel tank tops.
yeah you know me with all my lying all the time ;)
I know we Spanish girls know how to move to bachata!!!!:)lol
Thank You! Check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
Heyy peeps!! ;) i hate rain -__-
Just heard Andre 3000 will be playing a role as "Jimi Hendrix" in a movie "awesome"!!!!
Because I outgrew Flintstone vitamins 2 years ago. RT "Why are you still eating gummie vitamins?"
That is the true experience of freedom: having the most important thing in the world without owning it
Oh sweet sweet fifa
Doesn't matter how many times I see it, the final episode of FRIENDS tugs at my heart strings, man.
Raise your hand if you just ate an entire package of bacon in one sitting then chased it with 4 eggs and coffee. Mine is raised high.
Nice! I didn't know you could do that. Is that of today?
That they do! lol
Stay classy, America.
Will be a guest, taping an episode of Dr. Drew's Lifechangers, with my good friend and producing partner Toni Staniewicz tomorrow.
We have 2 bottles left!
I need some power tools. Like asap.
Put a hoop up at fred rosee.. hit it up
you guys rock. can you deliver to camps in hawaii?
Guys love : A NICE ASS . Nice boobs . Short cute girls =] .
It is crucial to understand that all visas have expiration dates—Green Cards and Citizenship are permanent, not Visas
justin bieber.
I did the same thing! So glad you posted the error of your ways.
Yes, unfortunately, sitting requires performing a squat lol
no, not yet. it goes on iTunes June 5th.
Thanks for the follow and
you always said you'd follow me the end of the earth. Now I know it's true cuz U follow me on #Twitter. Back together again
You are correct. And that's a nice library.
I'm doing just that in about one week! It will definitely take the edge off the 11 day vacation.
#thoughtsduringschool i wish i was sleeping
"God can't save you from me"... The Rock -- Faster
Baby<3 I am so glad you have decided to go on Twitter<3
Shout out to on finding my beloved coach wristlet #yourethebest 
hope ya had fun!<3
That always happens to me! RT : Of course my mom wants to eat at a place with a 50 minute wait 😒
and there ain't nothing wrong with that! RT "Miss, liking your own Facebook status is like laughing at your own joke."
The diesel fumes from 's bus are freaking killing me. Like seriously? 3 hours straight of running. So terrible.
Yesyou you became boring I love you but come on I like to see u in a bikini spice it up
No love? Noted relationship expert Rabbi Sherre Hirsch is gonna tell u how to get sum on Wednesday 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
lmaoooooooooooooo u crazy
Ty Lawson's numbers in this game are unreal. 13-17 from the field, 5-6 on 3s.
An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie, for an excuse is a lie guarded. ~ Pope John Paul II
Next round of results in! Mike now ahead 1,209!
Buy a random stranger a drink at
Why does my boyfriend rub it in my face everytime he gets taco bell.
Hate odd days :(
I guess we all have a line we won't cross...LOL!
OH, AND AND I HAVE DIFFERENT SIBLINGS! (Ryan and Luis? vs Lilly and Will). And I'm not as Asian as she is. I'm just Spanish. ;D
I'm heading to an event stuck in traffic on 90 and I look over and see a guy playing the harmonica while he's driving! That's a first!
Watched "Best In Show" last night and spent the whole time thinking about how all the dogs in that movie are probably dead by now.
George Michael still rocks the Christmas songs...
Is Keith Morrison real? Ooohhh my
I MISS YOUU. hop on the next plane to Florence please
There's one thing you don't know about me, my dear. My PhD is in... dance! ~ Dr. Cockroach PhD
watch out, will walk you into a brite tank
RT - #truestory at SFO waitin on a flight & there's a guy sitting across from me in a Cleveland #Indians jersey with a black...
It would be a great Mother's Day gift if the #HEAT take game 1 tonight
hah ok will do.
Trying out Python Twitter Tools, which has some nice cli options, and is missing some big ones for me.
nobody would share one of those.
it was in the inside, I saw police lights and stuff there earlier today or yesterday I can't remember.
that's why we're twins lol!
Lots of new photo projects in the works, including weekly new shoots with model Liz La Point.
WrestleMania for 2nd yr is highest grossing/most attended event in host venue - Grossed $6.6M, w/ 71,617 attendance @ GA Dome (via )
"i wont believe this lie i knw theres something mre inside when darknes is all u c this is our SWEET BLASPHEMY!" fuckinmakesmyday<3
still determined to watch West Side Story
Birkbeck loads the bases in the 5th, and Mirabella relieves him. NO further baserunners, but two score. Mariners retake lead, 6-5.
no questions on HLDI??? :) It's really quite simple...don't be afraid :)
So excited to be part of new grant for mobile site on History of National Mall under direction of Wow.
Dendreon DNDN stock up +7.50% for us today. Nice profits! Stock market experts baby!
lol..u r so mean
": Tough times don't last, tough couples do."
Because 9A and Baymeadows sounds better than I295 East Beltway and Baymeadows
of course
Have a great afternoon.
focal length and curvature.
It's been a while since I've been in Twitter jail...
well ima have 2 learn it real quick so i could catch up! :P Lmao, what yall do yesterday ?
I DON'T REGRET ANYTHING. But I've made a lot of life changes to better my future.
That is awesome!! Congrats!! :-)
Happy birthday could you please unblock me from r-rated Bieber imagines :/ it's been a while and i love yalls stuff. :3
During these hectic days of the season, be sure to take time for yourself.
i love that feeling. I had my MRI yesterday. will know whats up on Wednesday
Hear hear!! : Questioning authority is apropos. May Day at
bet fam ... im linig one up in my hometown now... but as far as a 'ville show still looking at venues!!!
Sean love it..give me a ring
email me that one
#30weeks 7-10 more weeks unless he who must not be named decides to come early.
"If it was meant to be then it'll happen," my new rule in life.
48 DVD'sburnedand mailed out so far today.....
Auto insurance premiums can be affected by your credit score.
music is my life:)
I contend.
I tell kids to pursue their basketball dreams, but I tell them to not let that be their only dream. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Ed, we like the idea!
I can get through 55 slides in 15 minutes, right?
Exactly! Good and bad are pointless! Making "Best" an archaic way of evaluating anything. For me, at least.
We have a new and easier age verification in our website. Thank you for your last mention!
One resume sent in. One candidate getting interview. Sr. C# Developer needed in #Boston. #Perm #CSharp #ASP.Net #Agile. #…http://
Thank you!
Never leave me
Almost left this house this morning with my slippers on.....got all the way to the car.
omg answer your phones you big fat losers.
Merry Christmas!! (: I love youu!
End of classes. 2 finals =cake. Time to focus on building myself as a product.
What is a reasonable price for having a flat screen TV mounted above a fireplace w/ a tilt mount???
Friends and lovers. Please suggest this sexy page to all of your friends!
": We need #BIGUGGLIES" yes we do! Who's the best available right now?
Clear cut & defined goals make the surrounding distractions disappear. Define your goals today as your life's mission statement -Zach Marcy
follow back please
Happy St Pats tweeps!
brb building an arc.
I've got an archive from back when I was webmaster - It's only four years old. Would that help?
do you have an oovoo?
Cityfeast Dinner about to start
Mexican always win over everything!
Talk to people you don't know... If you didn't you would never meet half the people that you are closest to today. :)
Sly fox
Ugh, I feel sick just reading that (couldn't bring myself to watch the video).
"But if you ask me I will go, anything for you But if you ask me I will go, cause baby I need you."
okay awesome!
“The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thank you love!
wmyb on the radio....just spazzed and scared my mom oops
If you live in or near Milwaukee, please follow !! They'll be giving away free tickets to the show soon!
Fountain Hills flags at half-staff to honor those killed & injured in this weekends tragic & senseless shooting. Time to heal and comfort.
we did a worksheet and watched a video.... -___-
“: Before you put your head on that pillow, make sure you earned it! #teamnosleep” I did !
Is it wise to court the man that all the girls want...
Such a beautiful day! Thank you everyone for following
THANKS to all the actors, writers, directors, and our AMAZING community who made last night's #dareproject possible! Great show everyone!
| Hope we can connect this week!
This Bulls Heat Game Wild
yeah!(: sorry or te late reply.
Everyone has a story, don't act like you're so special.
EEEEEEP so much to before technical rehearsal!!! Ugh favorite time of the year 😍
Winter storm watch 'til Tuesday. That's right.
Hi Robin. Is "Blue River" based on a real CO town??
Lol All closure is not good closure but some ppl just need it obviously
Keep on when your mind says quit Dream on 'til you find your living it I'll be right by your side
#justsouknow the time to plan to win is now
Welcome to the real word....
Us too! We make sweet music together. RT : loving all the shoutouts on lately :)
only fuckin with u cause you were the most ecstatically funky security guard i've ever seen in my life
Congrats Josh! Some where between Calvin Johnson & Mario Williams money, right?
In that weird "first day back after vacation" phase where I'm not quite sure where to begin with all things that have piled up.
haha ok D'Angelo please dont make me fight you
I may have read the hunger games books had I not seen the movie preview. WTF is so interesting to so many readers? Seems so awful.
Let's come together and make this world a jazzy place
Clarification from - 1 can't just go out & get ORCID. system still in development. Aspirational tweet
yes it does make me feel better, now i have to figure out the solution :)
In Anderson with daddy!!
Jamla Army marches to the hot beats of 5-star general, We salute you for your fight to preserve real hip-hop.
congrats! nice work! I love the story of Harriet Jacobs.
i swear MSM got an uncanny talent for finding the most random fools to put up there as authoritative when it comes to us...
Yay! Just got my new UGGs! :) now have 7 pairs! :)
talk that talk
<I agree with ya and hope you make it to Washington, it's time for some real change. Good luck and best wish's.
seriously people need to stop taunting people about spelling, at this pt, its our fingers doing the work typos happen.
Hello, 103. Thanks, Tracy! We like you too, in a very non-creepy, totally Facebook-friendly sort of way.
thanks! We kinda dig her :)
Keith Maio: National Bank of Arizona saved $3,000 per month just by switching out lightbulbs. Pro enviro, pro economy!
Who's watching on Million Dollar Listing right now??
Damn you woman bo
Nice intro Aaron Ross!!!! THE university of Texas...hook em horns
will do my best. People are sending me updates via text and facebook.
So true! RT : "We should look for someone to eat and drink with before looking for something to eat and drink." ~Epicurus
I hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!
Gorilla Girl.
"a grip of" or "grippa"
guess I'll try and sleep now.. goodnight twitter :)
Thank u pimpin! #NewMusicFam RT THANKS FOR ADDING ME BRO
I hope you're doing fine today:)
Gotta love people who talk obnoxiously loud on their phones in pubic places... Not! You don't need to yell to be heard lol
Down to the punch list. Where giving it the old 1 - 2!
Have you seen the Pittsburgh Dirty Dozen DVD yet? It is an awesome DVD for training: Want lasting exposure to dedicated cyclists?
Thank you sir! I really appreciate it! #ETO Volume 3 is coming in January and it will feature songs from 30 bands :)
Sleepover and Grandma and Grandpa's tonight... Yeah!! Best part carpet in the bedrooms to run around on. Happy Labor Day weekend :-)
Kentucky Fried Jayhawk!!
Second day of class, today is Geography and Advanced Algebra. Hope it's a quick day, don't feel like doing much.
me too! We missed the Birthday dinner :) is there a bon voyage happening?
I now crave my daily green juices/smoothies as part of my #cancersucks regimen. Better than coffee in terms of gaining energy.
these poor things are decades old: not a lot of sun in either locale. will trellis & water. other?
- Deanne, what a great msg. is "Never Too Late." I'm releasing my "Let's Dance!" video (10th track) in Jan.-kennylovejazz.com
Jiffy pop really IS as fun to make as it is to eat!!!
A lot of disasters are happening around the world and Obama cares about his view's on gay marriage, what a faggot
Im very angry with right now
love it
The RColorado Restaurant Association put on a great Restaurant EXPO yesterday! What a great way to spend a day.
Always uplifting to see emails notifying you that your bday is canceled.
hey I looked up you song baby Uh oh and it says justin bieber made it...
angel makowski knows
hmm:/ what do you want babe? Boy or girl?(;
Twinkle Twinkle , Little whore. Close your legs they aint' no door. (;
Any time you got nothing to do - and lots of time to do it - come on up.
Ugh been waiting forever at taco bell for Dennis.
when u gotta lie 2 keep somebody around Da truth must of made them wanna leave
Happy Easter... Its Beautiful out today! Come Join us for Sunday Funday. #Knicks vs #Bulls. Come Bounce with Us!
RT : Gov. signs Senate Bill 98 reconstituting the Board of Registered
Interested in taking a bus ride with you guys, but I get very motion sick and require a front seat. Any way to guarantee this?
Eating in Lousiville, KY on the way back home to TN. You know when it's real. I'm guessing we do.
Joba just has nothing except an extra 20 pounds
A Good Appetite: With This Mussel Sauce, One Spoonful Leads to the Next
Facebook buys Instagram, the app that makes bad pictures look cool.
How is this story of the filthy rich old woman who paid $390k for Union Rags a fairy tale?
Hope to see lots of kickballers at Power Balance Pavilion tonight!
Rethuglicans are pro-life until you are born then they throw you under the bus
I'm not an expert but I learned somewhere 400 is a good sample size if you pick wisely. More will barely increase accuracy.
Hehe. Thanks! I'll have to make sure I don't look too costume-y.
Stress in life comes from makin things more important than they r, failure come from makin things less impt than they r.
Good Morning Boo!!:) I Hope You Have An Amazing Day! Love You <3<3
I am going to have to make a very difficult decision about one of our cats very soon. So sad :-(
: U got it. I'm uh check her out. Us kids gotta stick 2-gether
4 hours until VCAP-DCD5 exam. any advice from those who've taken it already?
Hey there, (MaggieLaabs), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Why is downtown traffic this horrible???
Stay cool today! Come to the #UMBC library for our free a/c and stay for the free books, articles, cds and dvds! Win-win!
nice chatting :) enjoy your day!
nah, its mostly ppl that I assume aren't jumping on the Lob City bandwagon.
that's so sad. I grew up in a town of 1,200 people and loved it. With no jobs though, it's hard to find a way to stay.
I'm Tempted to rent one myself but can't quite justify the rental price for a leisurely weekend test fest.
We love you! Untoward loves you! What can we do to make this self-evident?
Thanks for the follow and the support! New bootleg coming soon!
I'm hungry but I'm eattin naw
Never again
haha I don't know actually hey! Payt left already
can burp the alphabet,
I don't like you.
Thanks, From Mam: "I received your really cool Mother's Day gift. I'm going to show this to all my friends."
i wanted to show you the cover to see what you think, i think your book's name is so cool you never know
I miss you more and more everyday!
Dear person who invented the GPS. I will give you my first born. Thank you so much.
Ugh I miss you..
the picture was perfect, everyone was looking great, except i was fucking looking away
Pretty sure the will look the best
where R U @? Ben watchin all the warnings I have a lot of storm chaser friends who may be in ur area
be patient!! Lol ;P
you know it! Same to you.
Spurs starters: Patty Mills, Danny Green, James Anderson, Boris Diaw and DeJuan Blair.
you just reminded me of why I like that show. Haven't watched in a while
Nice: Patrick Butrym signs with the 49ers, will be reunited with former #Badgers QB Scott Tolzien.
You looked hotter than ever. Naturally.
Another day, another 3D ultrasound pictures on Facebook....
did u go see the movie?
Sweet!! Nice work Dave!
#zerion it's awesome hearing about you bringing mobile technology to farmers in third world countries.
": The tarp is coming off the field. Hopefully, we'll be getting ready to play ball soon."uptown its pouring gr8 mlb gms
Awesome, thanks for the follow, Kevin! I'll see you later today, even though it's raining :)!
RT : We are out & about today in the QR wrapped Element. Spy us & win a $5 gift card to !
I mods you too! Come back to Lubbock now!
ur dad's freaking snoring<<<<<<<<
love you too hunnyyy :)
thanks for your help today
I was under no illusions a/b the Celts winning the title, but 73 points? Gotta do better than that.
Well I had experience with it from my college days, but honestly it took me a day just get my bearings back.
When I'm frustrated and stressed about school, my poohbear always makes it better & keep me motivated to get TF out this bxtch lol.
Happy Fourth of July!
Hey girl waving behind home plate during every at-bat. STOP IT. go Pirates..and Nats..
“: I ate too much. #firstworldpain”
That moving screen by KG is something he actually does, and I'm sure he did it a few times tonight. Wrong time for the refs to call that.
Downtown’s availability rate is at 10.5% which only 3% of 2007
yeah they are. But there might only be one more game...
Jungle ball = mike brown
I always thought Walberg's system was good teaching kids how to play the game.
. You sound like my kinda guy. So, why the forced-birtherism? You've never slipped one past the goalie and needed an out?
Happy Birthday! <3
Dogs walked down the dirt road I call Moose Road. Watching Richard Clarke on Bill Maher.
England seems cool to me. Have you been to America?
Need for the day in San Francisco... A city savvy wet suit!
You have a good weekend too.
"but I can play some Blink 182 for you..."
I've spent the last three weeks watching every episode on Netflix. Love Sam and Dean!
The shuttle just flew right over my house! Great view! //cc
Very cool. :)
he did.... Twice
boo... client site, don't have much of a choice.
Best statement I've heard all am from #e2conf ..."Stop evangelizing; start doing!" amen, amen, I say to you, amen.
Long but productive day
Patton Oswalt and Paul F. Tompkins is a damn fine way to end the day.
I still have a little to go. How much did you write, 1200 or 1500 words?
Traffic wasn't too bad getting to Baltimore this morning for
happy HUMP day... Thank goodness for !!! :)
Just another one of those days where you dont feel like smiling....
Shits awkward because I really don't know what to put in people's yearbooks so I opt for the creepy kid thing. Lol YOLO
Thanks for the RT. Getting some sleep after trial? Hope you are getting a chance to decompress & enjoy ridiculous March weather
You know you've had a great #StPatricksDay when you end up covered in gold glitter with and :-)
Yeah it would omg he just liked my wall post i sended him on fb:D
10 year old getting a badge from Aurora Police Department.
Super Bowl ticket prices dropping a little here, just as I assumed. Dont wait too long to step in and buy though. They will go back up wed
thanks! See you soon at !
I love
nice avi..you're scenic.
question 1 in your latest quiz. 'where can you find over 70 dealers in Newark?' Answer.... wetherspoons.
you see, a reason the fans love you is because you take the time to notice us. xo :)
#atouraine scoops Fukiyama 1979 essentially argued for the end of history because “contemporary societies produce their own history”
him and Harry dancing.. That would be a great idea ;D lol
You bitches think the same, I think the opposite.
Damn derby... Still drunk and haven't fallen asleep. Wtf is wrong with me
Its OATMEAL not OHPAMEAL
RT : Meeting with and #doitindy #indy (@ Fountain Square Brewing Company
Glenn Big Dog Robinson
Signed up for my first big ride of the year. Hopefully it isn't too soon for a 200K hill climb
Nate the great!
Loving the Milwaukee Public Market...why has it taken me so long to discover this place?
heard terrible news today... a friend's 5yr old son has a form of cancer. Please remember them in your prayers.
hahaha. Yeahh!! It didn't help I was watching tv shows about crimes and then the news tells me about all the new crazies -___-
“: I dream i will be verified one day lol”. One day :)
Last thing on my mind is committing to some guy
Vampires and nightlife industry people... same!
2 more hours until we open our doors for the GRAND OPENING of the BRINK!!! Ill be spinning all night along with free cover!...
Everyone's having delusions of grandeur here. RT : Probably could have got back to LA.
Thanks for the retweet! We'd love to hear your thoughts this week in our exchange discussion.
Okay, but keep this on the brown-low between you & me only. Here are my 2 good rules to life: 1) Never tell everything you know. 2)
Thank you!
Physical game do far
Those with #allergies can reduce their exposure by encasing mattresses and pillows with allergen reducing covers.
You say that as if we ever get more than a week of real spring in the dc area :P
Hey hey hey #phatalbert just signed with the angels..
Just munched a 'Candy cane' road goodie worth 5 points!
GUCCI BICYCLE RIDING ON YA ' LL .... PRADA BAG PACK MOUNTAIN CLIMBING ON YA ' LL...
Does anyone need any printing? I know the greatest place ever in San Diego. Happy St. Patrick's day ;)
qoin to school late today, & everybody actin like its a biq deal tht im there. i quess i really am a nerd lol
gwen still looks great!
OH GOD. Should I come? I should come. But should I come? Fuck I have no money.
so glad that you like the lists!
We definitely read tweets! Thanks for following and saying hi. Stop in for a drink some time!
Veep is pretty funny. LOTS of expletives.
God has a plan for us all. All you have to do is play your part and be the best man or woman you can be while you're here...
Thank you, Southfield, for being Dream Cruise-less.
you are killing it tonight good job!
How I wish you would fight for me as much as I fought for you...
Happy Teacher (and Staff) Appreciation Week. We especially tip our hats to those who teach for academic excellence AND social justice.
Cheers for following! :)
Indiana's zone D is crucial...
A bonfire was the perfect choice for the night.
booked my flight to LV for labor day wknd (again)
this is my bbi don't corrupt her
lol somebody done pissed in his cheerios or something! He is cracking me up though!
ring ring, my cellphone is off the hook! but LA boys can kiss my cute little butt, cause i'm addicted to showing off my hot body 4 u on cam!
We're all set to #coffeebomb tomorrow. Keep your eyes peeled for our next invasion!
How come you never tweet about my fighting career?
RT : hey, how you doing? <= Good! How are you?
Thanks very much guys.
Score! Managed to avoid any #GameOfThrones spoilers this morning. Time to watch it.
the salty pig.
Just read Marco Mandica's speech. Agree with Recht hat er.
"The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are; for what we could become." Charles Dubois
One thing in life u should never let yourself be is a quitter. Put ur whole heart in everything that u do and success will soon follow.
Disregard bitches.
why crazy?
Sucks for those sitting next to me tho; I'm going with the mexican food.
LA needs you more than that, but that's a good start ;)
oomf ringtone on my phone is Bug a Boo -Destiny's Child lol
Anyone in my LA group who wants a great dinner try Fig & Olive. It was fantastic!
thanks so much! You too are doing a wonderful job. DM me a mailing address and I'll send some books for you and your gang.
I Fucking hate my ex.. why must he so this to me...
I noticed a couple unfollowed me after I changed my profile pic. Come on! It's still loveable and adorable me! :) :)
My new books arrived from : Kofi Kingston, Rey Mysterio, Triple H. Loved wrestling as a kid; fun to revisit it with my sons.
I hate that phrase.. Makes me cringe lol
About 17-18 years old. Yeah, I feel like I've heard the pronunciation but so interesting that it's making its way into spelling!
Ever been out with some man n they r looking at some other woman on sly, then look at u 2 c if u saw them?
Congrats Roy :) much happiness and love to you and your future wife.
on my way now!! Ah
Flour Bluff gets leadoff walk, top of order coming up.
Pub quiz tonight! Come test your knowledge and enjoy drink & food specials – starting at 7:30pm.
: Hello. You seem to know a lot about both sexes. Ever read Neil Strauss' The Game? :)
$alute,didn't even know I made the list,thanks I'm on it.
just watched the shoot out. Some amazing saves by two of the top GKs in the world. I think Iker is overrated, but amazing.
I am exhausted...
Wat a day now its time for rest cause I got a long day ahead of me tomorrow.
I'm sayin! I don't fuck with iu bball, but I respect that all of those fags can play
WOO WOW WOW WOW
Happy Tuesday!
BRGO looks set up~great DD and chart looks ready! BRGO $$$$ 12M Float =)
Dex: Sometimes for fun, I slip condoms into the carts of little old ladies at the grocery store and then watch the clerk's reaction. Me: 0_o
I love it
so you will be there then? Awesome! We should definitely do a round for the 09.29 club!
Y is #Lego gendring bad? Here's 1 reason: toys pair girls w/ pretend jobs that pay LOTS less than pretend jobs 4 boys
Wishing I was going to opening day instead of working but I'll still be cheering on the
Goin to some fancy function with #danielneedsatwitter thanks to Mr. Rumple Minzcan it'll be great walkin round in purple heels.
Fewer seeing-eye singles please?
I don't want perfect, I want real!
Fabulous, we are looking forward to meeting you!
Hutchinson earned its third consecutive state berth. Fourth if you count the 2009 co-op. The Tigers have never made it past Round 1
RT : to find a life worth living, we must overcome our bounds: The cave you fear holds the treasure you seek. ~Hanns-Oskar Porr
#MXpresidentialDebate AMLO: "it's indignating that sonme of the richj have assets that could facilitate home credits"
Thank you! I'm so glad we had the chance to do this :)
MIAMI HEAT TAKES GAME 1 WOO
Sean Peyton suspended for a year without pay! Nice move, NFL, they needed to do something about the cheating!!!
As much as I want this week to fly by I know I'm going to miss all of this once it's over.
Happy Friday the 13th! Click like if you are superstitious. :-)
The ice started moving on the Koyukuk River by Allakaket for about 30 mins, but jammed up. Exciting time!
Larry Heideldidder of Miami Beach is gonna love this episode.
And everytime I try, it opens up my eyes
so i just rented a movie on itunes and it takes two hours to download... i kinda wanted to watch it...
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason. - J. P. Morgan
I cant think of anything more stressful than being forced to interact with other people esp who hav no understanding of Autism
Knock knock. Who's there? You're fired & don't have health insurance & can't pay for your kid's school!
Eric Pio~ Make friends not enemies and you will always have eyes in the back of your head.
My ears are popping. I swear I don't know if I'll ever get used to living somewhere else.
omg i love u! follow me :)
hahha..i love that..anyway,,is that display pic reall you??
Teachers open the door but you must walk through it yourself. ~ Chinese Proverb
With no #rain in sight for the next 8 days I think its time to give the #Jeep a bath!!
"There is always a technology changing the way you pay attention to the world" Davidson at
HEY!! We are working on merch designs! Follow for more updates! #StayTuned :D
thanks! let us know your WF username once you input some recommendations so we can check it out!
When you're finished the video, don't forget to post it on Collaborate Philly!
I'm being mean.
thanks mark, i appreciate it!
didn't I ever mention that I draw...? I thought I did.
They are trying to make me give up my CA drivers license! I lived in another state and another country with it. #westside till I die. No way
i seen u there. Did u stay to watch mr.goodman.?
I don't get how people cheat so easily on someone they love
I made a new friend today. Her name is Serena. She is adorable and is probably like eight.
Pretty excited to see if I get on!! #alwayswantedthis!
I'm reading Life as We Knew It, rec'ed by two of my 7th graders. Love it. Makes you wonder what you would do if the world may/may not end.
She sure is a wonderful person. I'm honored to know her.
The simplest things become unbearably complex. . . what better to do than to delight in the new sensation?
I am so tired. Laying in my big comfy bed!
Thx. Would love to know how it compares/contrasts with vocus & hootsuite. You get info, see you nxt wk.
When these animals have pups, the entire family pitches in to raise the young. How sweet is that!?
“: after my finish at I'm putting in for the What do I have to loose :)” I knew u would. #good job
< alone, so that wasnt a very good situation. thank God for good mamas. i hope one day you can meet mine. she would like you.
Follow Friday: some of our bands are on twitter. , , ,
Dear both street: I know it's Friday, but could we turn it down a pinch? My kid can't sleep through 5 house parties....
Going to tour Germantown in Philly. One long final shibang before I head home and collapse.
thx lady! Will do! You were awesome tonight!
we schedule a time to have coffee again, I bring my laptop and we get to talk about MN's future! I'll email you with details!
Hahahaa!!! : Oh, you have a Macbook Pro and only use it for Facebook? You're so tech savvy, what a great investment.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Lol like 15 and that's being generous RT : if 83 is a lot for a woman...around what number is tippin the scale????
i'm still patiently waiting for the return of the bullet bra.
i love justin bieber!!!
Haha it's okay:P I'll forgive just this once;)
let's get those basketball games going on again, I miss em
Heading to Springfield tonight for my show at Mordecais on Main 930-1230. Come hang out with us-BH
no need to swear
Broke niggas neva seem, cus im where the money at
- any wig can be a chest wig!
Guarantee some homeless dude is hogging all the bandwidth looking at porn. Also, was that just your first tweet?
Thanks for the RT!!!
#ifidiedtommorow i would personally apologize to anyone i ever hurt
I see your problem. The embed code doesnt work right. There is a plugin for this type of stuff. Ill try to find it.
Great to hear from such an iconic person...Alison Mills Newman!
That Time magazine cover is making me thirsty.
"Failing to Enforce Immigration Laws" "Challenging Voter ID Laws"
I'm into girls. I'm not into experimenting.
At least it's not Ooblek.
I's craving a cookie!!
Looking at pictures of last nights party
I seriously hate when females hit me up on FB that i dont even know & ask me "yu still with So & So?" umm why do yu fuckin care
Why Nancy haven't you questioned that Weirdo Margie Phelps in what she said about the shooting deaths in Northern California?
Excited about tomorrow. Vote for real conservatives. Vote your values. I hope I've earned your vote in #nc09 !
Nothin just got done get N dress.
I need to go
lmao forreal people were like Wtf who's clothes are these?! Aha i think they should have 18+ once a month ;x just for kicks
Last day at the law firm. I'll be an assistant editor next week. Feels like graduation day all over again.
Save 51% for only $99 2 Hours of Moving With 2 Movers by All In A Box Moving
great job on your #WTC story tonight
thanks for sharing guys! Will we see you at the event on the 16th?
"I'm sexy and I...actually have a lot of insecurities on the inside and I know it."
Taking it to the juke joint tonite! Can't wait to sway &toe-tap w/Daddy Mack on the patio. Vintage cocktails avail. No moonshine though. :-)
i want to go to Los Angeles,California
Once again, my #Epson Stylus Photo R2400 is a badass. A public thanks to the guy who moved to #china and couldn't take it with him.
I like Dunn for a bounce back year pal.
Saturday night just might be that night >>
Ugh tell me why i got in my room and was about to check my facebook...-_- lame
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you. — John Wooden
The winners have been chosen! Emails with the ticket information will be sent to the winners shortly, so be on the look out in your inbox!
besides - the fact that #metrotwit has ads (I know it's free) is annoying me!
students says "being able to use the library or not makes a difference for a lot of students"
interested in donating any autographed merchandise for a JDRF auction in St. Pete? Really mean a lot to our auction. Thanks.
A sushi roll a day keeps the doctor away. With logic like that, who needs medical insurance? ;)
omg that's too late! >.< and ok
I love you more(:
Can I get some followers 2 make this more interesting
Game time in 40 minutes. Time to get
So sick of driving. I'm just ready for game time
lies and gin - sounds like so many of my dream outings.
I'm serious :p
Happy Friday to all! Wishing you a safe #St.Patty's Day celebration!
at some point in time, you get to watch and i slap each other with fish while arguing about city hall's architecture
you know what Sally? What doesn't kill you makes you stronger!
Caryn rooted her argument in a Christian's God-given gifts and calling, not in individualistic whims.
that stat kind of makes me sick to my stomach!
RT : Helton arrived early in AZ to workout. He weighs 220lbs Looks strong Not going to worry about back. Going to let swing rip...
Happy birthday!
@ wOrK, way to0 eArLy! thaNk gOd 2M0Ro iS fRiDay, 3day weEkeNd, wo0Oo0....!
CrocLog sessions. Maybe I'll record another today. I can't help it, that's the way that I am.
The Demands Of Occupy Wall Street | The Onion - America's Finest ...
Missed the train to London, stuck in lille for a couple hours. On a Sunday. Guess I can wander around and look at euro architecture...again.
Off to the set of the feature film, "A Late Quartet" Starring Philip Seymour Hoffman and Catherine Keener.
It's quality you need. Dirt daters are not quality :-)
yes he is okay. There was an accident at work, nothing serious. He needs stitches on his lip.
"Box office poison" is classic
is just
those are awesome!!! I'm totally getting a pair! Your so stylish and trendy tommy
In nineteen hours is Monday Night RAW!
Dang Wut was I bout to tweet
do some people really still start projects with cold fusion? are there actually people who want to use this? why???
A little late to the game, but updating my iPad to iOS 5...hoping everything is still intact when it's complete!
I'm trying to convince my wife to name our first boy Ryan Tannehill Driscoll, yep I have problems
T-minus 45 minutes until the #KCSRCP. Who is ready??
Hi. Interesting about curators and gatekeepers.
hahahahahaha....that made me chuckle here at work exposing my twittering 0.0
"when i tweet its not like I have to say anything people want to listen to" -girl in class talking about why she tweets not blogs..
Be on the lookout for new bloggers to MyCSU! If you're interested in blogging, let us know. E-mail . GO RAMS!
ipysBcrokjnW3 thanks for following me on Twitter!
had an amazing dayy (:
aren't you supposed to be in school and not on Twitter?? (:
Hard Rock's-Guitar Playing Contest (AxeOffUSA Prelims) are Saturday 12pm & we're giving away $3000. Artist entry and admission is free free!
Can this day end already!!! 😖
Time for some water. If you just chug 8 oz right now, I'll leave you alone for an hour.
Just thinking of packing exhausts me (and unfortunately I have only boxed my books so far . . . the one's I'm not using right now, that is).
Thanks for friending us... love the pic ; - i
Tebow has a 5 complete pass in a Row. hands it to ball and gains 1 Yard.
eating candy and thinking why peope do stupid stuff
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that makes Your plug
you better come with it boy!!! No secret ....
Congrats to on the 3-1 win over Union at the Frozen Four. Former DU assistant coach Seth Appert is a proud alum.
Time to go back to sleep if I can
Thanks & for the birthday wishes!
check mine 2:)
School: Study hard, graduate, get a college degree, and still not make as much as
I am with Spry at Congress
RT eschatologists / count on calendars / to reveal / that our days / are numbered
I'm down for a chat. We could do a podcast or something.
OMG... Bruce Springsteen just body surfed! Lol
hungry as hell man
Please nominate your clients now for Philadelphia 100! Must have a full 3-year sales history with an increase in 2009.
Can't wait for the start of "Season Five" of Mad Men.
is ready for the freezing, cold weather! Ready for the Championship game: Texas vs Bama! Hook Em Horns baby!
"this feeling doesn't come along everyday And you shouldn't blow the chance When you've got the chance to say I love you"
Good Riddance
Just met with most of DC bound crew. Depart VVMS @ 4:30 AM. Before end of daay see US Cap, Lib of Congress, Vietnam Mem, Pentagon.
Are you working tonight?
Dear Desi trying to haggle at Lowe's ... um it's Lowe's not a car dealership! It's just low of you to haggle. Pun intended.
Right and wrong is really always what you make it. I understand my place, yeah I will live & learn.
Thanks for da love
Thanks for the like, Santiago Fonseca!
TV Review: Channel 4 finds Hidden Talent while King Joffrey sickens us in Game ... - JOE
people get married 30 years a part xD
Anyone know of great "community building websites?"
So, the Ch 5 news helicopter just flew over the house. I wonder what's going on.
I miss all of you dudes <3
You're welcome....Always Six!
you hear about WA possibly getting a new arena very soon?? Press conference tomorrow morning!
will win! He is a beast!
Has a
Reminder: New ICC Uniform Rules for Demand Guarantees (URDG 758) to enter into effect tomorrow. See ICC website.
I hate when someone tells me to calm down..that shit pisses me off even more..like seriously
Jury duty all day yesterday, reference desk all day today, graduation all day tomorrow. I don't exactly know what this is supposed to mean.
also, you are misinterpreting my sincerity for sarcasm.
Us women of course :) Luckily we have easy men that say just book and I'll go :)
You lucky I'm not a dj ...Gena, Murphy Lee, Tefpoe, Kas Da Bully, Reed Dollaz, Webbafied, Charles Hamilton ALL NIGHT!!!!
PETER AND THE STARCATCHER, starring Smash's Christian Borle, opens on Sunday!
Fixing a massively F-ed up spreadsheet to the soulful stylings of Beck's Guero.
did u join the iPhone family?
Are you gonna cosplay o.o
Feel like i been cleaning all day
that sux imma move so its gunna happen to me i just dont want to ruin our friendship he told me he thinks it would b risky
In live poker, I bet/muck with my left hand. Also, left side of the brain is analytical, but when I play online, my head leans to the right.
Thanks for volunteering to take photos at Twestival Seattle! We're excited to have you join us. More details coming this week.
Get better.
Create your own #CincodeMayo fiesta with chips, #homemadesalsa, and plenty of margaritas!
coming soon mymaxmuscle youtube
Just bought 's God, No!: Signs You May Already Be an Atheist and Other Magical Tales. Great way to kick off Lent!
nerd face, I even admitted to her that while making her watch I was at the last min gonna throw it in the garbage can instead
You know it's an issue when your therapist insists on limiting the amount of you watch.
Travel Break
Lets change the world
Beware of sharing ur whereabouts on these sites. There r those who r waiting 2 rob ur homes, or worse, they r waiting 4 u!
#AustinItWillRain Can't wait(:
Congratulations, Ryan!
Well, would you look at that? Would ya just look at it?
you mean when I get home? Ha
Pit in my stomach. Really don't want this game to turn out like the Pens game.
God could not be everywhere, so He created mothers. ~Jewish Proverb
I think I am..
Who is the best QB in college football that no one is talking about?
Dr. Hyman: The diff betw grief and major depression is a judgement call. There's danger/foolishness in diagnosing based on a checklist.
hey do u play ps3 online if ya do wat ur gamertag
Just busted. Debating about the rebuy option in the AM w 20bbs.
if u do go, be sure to try their gringas, absolutely amazing. Melted cheese along with add ins, best taco in town I think
I freaking hate waffle house.
Olympic swimmer whose movement was 'like a feather in the water' - Irish Times
RT : Moved on from Google Maps to GeoCommons. Good for different things, and still free.
did u follow me ?
i'm in !!! :D lololol totally random
I dont get it :\
Thank you Anouska for sharing a slice of my life with the CLS family. Its humbling.
Israel needs a Netanyahu that makes pro-Jewish & 'settlement' choices or we're better off. And, by the way, remove MoD Ehud Barak from gov!
There's been a whole lotta pots calling kettles black this week. It could be hypocritical. It could be racist. To this I have no response.
I have strong feelings about the heat death of the universe.
Omg you guys were my favorite dance crew I really wanted you to win :c
sitting #1 for the kiss 10 with so far tonight...text him the number 10 then your vote to 98500 NOW
I feel like you can't go wrong for 29 bucks, but I'm so comfortable with snow leopard
Good chatting w/h about business printing this morning. If anyone has any other questions, of course you can ask away on twitter
Selinsgrove is a fucking time capsule
You can never forget someone that gave you so much to remember.
agreed. You're welcome anytime!
fantastic work on Mazscara! Are you thinking of a print version? Nice looking comic.
all th best :)
I could use some white people in this house ;)
RT : you are so awesome!!!//Awe, thank U :) Come see me soon!
Appliances are dying in our home. First the fridge this month. Now, the printer is eating paper. May be time for another purchase.
Inside the Conservancy Wildlife Clinic: Window woes and amazing volunteers
How ya been? You doin bay2breakers?
“I don't hate you, I'm just not necessarily excited about your existence.”
What? I Dont Get It?
#Fences not just give privacy from neighbors, but add an accent to your landscaping
Dude. Where can you get those?
About to play at Smokin Tuna in Key West with Nothing like great music and sunshine!
Maytag Portable Air Conditioner units review - Mrkuple Blog - maytag portable air conditioner
Secret crush on Melanie Fiona
Lawd they done posted a clip of Dorothy Norwood singing "Brick House" Icant smh
haha oops.. I accidentally deleted my original tweet.
#CoachellaLive tune-yards pretty hot, with saxophones great sound
i am bottled, fizzy water and you are shaking me up
ha ha!
Im not condoning lying but not providing equal education to all can also be perceived as a form of lying: Legal segregation
You betcha--Loved it..and thanks for the coffee---very tasty!
Me too!! What you cooking me for dinner? :)
Why hasn't the NHL kicked that piece of shit Asham out of the league yet? I'm pretty sure he's done enough to ruin the respect in the NHL...
You're welcome! I didn't know there was a name for that vocal habit until I read your post.
I don't get it either 0.o
I love working with people in Hawaii - I'm sure i would be so much nicer to everyone if I was based there.
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , and ! We hope you enjoyed your weekend in Cali!
"The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts." C. S. Lewis
no. and damn you for bringing it up.
"They made shots, we made turnovers. Not a good combination." Reasons to like Rick Carlisle.
Im always the bad guy, but somebodies gotta do it.
lol whoops forgot to tell you we left to UTEP and left the tickets with 107.5 LOL
I seriously need a new iPod
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may get to be a boss and work twelve hours a day. ~ Robert Frost
Love listening to on radio, get this man his own show!!
If he shows that he cares about you
Good morning! Today is a sunny day♪
wEekenD VacATioN here i come vineyard..........later people
Don't feel special. I only keep your number in my phone, so I know not to answer when you call.
AWWW poor thing! He really shouldn't feel bad, I mean a lot of people have no talent.
We can't wait! RT : #Topshop / #Topman announce their fourth flagship store in the USA at The Grove, LA to open Spring 2013 via...
Have fun with it!
New Phoenix Tote Board Total = $1,420,377!!! THANK YOU PHOENIX FOR REACHING OUR GOAL!!!!
is all over his twitter game this morning!
House music lover tonight is Colony ! No damn hiphop
That feeling of shame IS NOT unique to the Asian culture. I watched Oprah the other day when she interviewed the family members of notor ...
Just wanted to say you can always depend on Jesus. When the world, family members or friends, have let you down,Jesus never will!
Tonight, we're headed to my favorite place in the entire world - Firenze. Florence is a magical labyrinth of alleyways and hidden treasures.
Yo look I'm sagging - s'mear
RT : Amazing Org #sportsbiz & tackling #cancer RT : Hopeful to become beneficiary of #NSMN Sports Tackles Cancer
yepp! For the past week it's been pretty cold and rainy here! And I good at gymnastics hope ur well too! Xoxo
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 86
your not even following me .. ?
Did i not say i was gonna put up walls ?
Ugh I'm just not feeling it.
damn you, Ru, for breaking me like this. damn you. SHARON NEEDLES FOR THE WIN.
4th place in his 1st 2012 event! THEBEST Big shout out to who played awesome at the
My Fav. show is BEST INK
4 days of OSS. well, atleast i can sleep. (:
no that's not healthy Lol
At the gate for flight to SF0; will be landing at 3am EST, then I drive to hotel; no drinks aboard this flight with that flight.
me either
