On my way to the recording studio.
Babies! I lahv babies!
America - Demand Paper ballots in your precinct NOW!
I am having a Bud Light Lime; spent most of the day doing homework. blahblahblah. Peace.
Birthday shoutout to my beautiful Ashley K!!! Partying it up at Chaucers....$2 you call its and some hoppin' music :D
Have you all listened to Broadway's new song yet? What do you all think? Personally, I love it - Kyle
Gonna be hard getting chants going at basketball being next to band and 4 rows back
So do I, but 'Cher Lloyd Will Rock NY' was trending and people were mad hating... Mainly females!
A lot of interest in charter schools at the St Louis student recruitment fair at 1600 N Jefferson. Come out from 10-2 today.
If only Austin was in NYC right now, because Justin is there. How cool would that be if they met? Omg. c:
“A facade of skyscrapers facing a lake and behind the facade, every type of dubiousness.” -E.M. Forster (on Chicago, of course)
parents are both awake and confirming 7 am church plans
When you're lost and you're tired,when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, cause I still turn to you
National Archives Canada Days 1 and 2 complete. Phew! Lotsa stuff to look through but it sure is interesting!
Unify replaces the content in your HTML and then saving the new page on your server. Let us know if you have any more ?s
Thank you for the follow!
Thank you!
You look sexy as hell in the Trailers for Battle Ship. You are 1 of only a few women on Earth who's ass I would eat out.
Couldn't leave second for fear of being doubled up.
We in the studio getting fucked up and making loads of noise!!! Party Love EP coming Soon!!
Thanx! I'm about half way through an entire Mixtape of Aaliyah remixes now. You & Tim wrote so many dope tracks.
is the coolest person ever.
How did I not know that the #Timbers' owner is the son of former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson? Jeez.
“: can't tonight, how about sometime tomorrow?” Anytime. I'll DM you my #
oh yeah ! , (: lol only one more year for moi , when i start my junior year
After 12 years with the US Postal Service, Anita Moore was hurt on the job and lost her health insurance.
local talent. LOVE IT.
Bobby Brown - Don't Be Cruel (Extended Version) (HQ): via
So excited, we are expecting puppies late november. Also our baby doll turs 6 months and will be shown
We have a group of real estate students in the #ICSC offices today to learn about
@ the White House now.
“: in honor of Ash Wednesday #lotionfree” SMH
Was this your first time?
Currently at Echoes & Reflections Educator Workshop at the Holocaust Center in Cincy. Lots to learn!
did someone say "hideous christmas sweater"?! RT I wanna find a hideous christmas sweater!!
The GradyLady has landed. I am one happy man.
Sounds like fun.
Call For Free Estimates!! (702) 582-9795 Licensed, Insured & Bonded Family Owned & Operated Company We Are Compliance With HAZARDOUS WASTE
On my way back to work
Are ALL guys the same ?????? Uggh
acoots98 and I'm already online haha
oh dudes im confused :s
Varmus: one way to promote OA is to change the way we evaluate scientific contribution so not based solely on 'top tier' journals.
Hopefully, I'll get to see you when I'm home the weekend after next!
Straight up watching Netflix in all my classes.
It's always good to connect with a fellow writer. I hope Friday is treating you well!
Looking for a limo on NYE? Call today 312-201-1055, we still have limousines available.
Dear lord, please let me have a good day at work.
i'm good hby?(:
You should say: Tengo que hablar español para tener mejores notas. We don't get good or bad marks for homework.
Kelly: Insightful reading of 'Real Simple' micro-chores as a means for upper-class female audience to keep hold over domesticity.
wow haven't heard from her in 14 yrs. One time where I think I didn't try hard enough to see what was there
Amazing customer service by Cate in floral Pittsford Plaza
#WeLoveLiamPayne His girlfriend is so lucky, if he's so caring to millions of fans he doesnt know, just imagine how he treats Danielle
RT : Milwaukee, what's your favorite place for #pizza? On a quest to find the best...
Romney apologizes for primary campaign: "I said some stupid things." But he refused to specify which ones he truly regrets.
Had great walk on the beach today. Just love that weather:-)
I like my Twitter life better than my real life because on here I get a lot more blowjobs & my credit is a helluva lot better.
"I believe this is the time now. If we don't do something now, we will settle for mediocrity. Our kids deserve better than that..."
I love doing plays set in the 1970s... I get to listen to the best music!
Thanks for coming! What did you think?
cough is already drying up! I might not ever go back!
#mobweek Carlito's Way LOVE IT.
Why am I up
Shattered my phone screen fuck me!
The last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitudes. --Victor Frankl
Care to partake in FOLLOWING ME PLLZZZ?!! <333 I LOVE YOU!
Get back to ya. Have to see what and when we'll be doing a custom order next.
Watching Luther (BBC) on Netflix. Idris Elba should be in more things.
hope you feel better!!:)
what's been up wit u...
ah same! Mines almost to my boobs soo, but I want it longer hahaha.
Create an ongoing dialogue. Pay attention to details- memorable to unforgettable
- Dont Worry . I Will Niggaa (; & I Got You Mf .
library/librarian is central to plot of snow crash.
There's nothing beTter than half price #martinis on
Patriots aren't used to smash mouth football. Keep on crying abt it.
Gonna be a fun week RT lol. Having little fun.
thanks! Remember watching him start in the east west shrine. Kid is lucky he's going to mccarthy
Royal Ivey is in a playoff game.
can't stop thinking about sushi today - I want to go back! haha so delish - thanks again :)
he nailed my balls and dashed my head!
out of the lab,Three Nice Tracks that I like,2 slow grooves same style diff. key..one up tempo,club bang'r,Hot,very unique!..right words.wow
enough to make a way for any single human being on earth to know the way of salvation through His Son, Jesus Christ the Lord.
Lip Gloss & Lollipops and bartenders in all black...what more could you want ladies?
Awesome :D thank you so much :) Happy International dance day
I do too :c ALOT.
As odd as this sounds I've heard he gave up drugs RT : Can't wait for Kid Cudi this Saturday. 4/21. Guess he was busy the day b4.
AGW is now the consensus view. Another "consensus" was that Iraq had stockpiles of WMD. Don't trust orthodoxies relentlessly pushed on you.
great! Send info to: :) TY!
Well played: RT : what girls basketball player wouldn't want to play in the backyard of the best NCAA D-I program in the state?
YAY!! Pregnant Pussy LIVE!!! Now who wouldn't wanna see THAT! Keep it up! S/O to The Man ET!
Cood stop doing stuff on twitter, n stop posting stuff so i wood stop getting notifications pls?
You stay classy Philadelphia! # bad look
I hear word of a International Cash Mob Day? Tell #lasvegas more!
Case manager for homeless mentally ill adults.
Don't drop your phone! If you're at the beach, the sand will stick to it like crazy.
Can't wait to be in Vegas tomorrow!!
I agree that the blocking of computers often goes overboard, but I think it's more often because they don't trust students.
Come by the Menil tonight, 7-9 pm, for a free public preview of the exhibition "Walter De Maria: Trilogies"
Getting all of the contest rules straightened out we have some awesome signed swag to give away! :)
no honestly its fine:)
animal lover too! computer high five!!! XD
..yeah, but what if tragedy struck, and they just needed a moment, you know..to liberate?
#SPEEDF1 Monaco 1996, Panis wins in a wild race in the rain
is looking for contract sales reps this week at #hdexposhow . Interested? Reply back!
Wah, I DONT want ANYONE to go home !
haha! Well, we all know if you were you'd kick butt ;) lol
I used to work at MMG...small world. :)
i remember nites i aint remember nites...damn.. dats just how i chose to role my dice..was on some ova shit a nigga had to pay da price..
Or if you forgot why you're running.
Listening to <3
What the heck is this political climate? It is very strange. Very low quality. Very high priced.
the door screams i hate you hate you hanging round my blue jeans
Smooch and hugs on a Friday. Hope all is well!
St. Mary's Center for Cancer offering discounted Mammograms
face tell the story on that injury...
not really im still bruised real bad but im glad i can still talk to u
I'm not sure. I have counseling.
Meanwhile, the #Marlins fall behind the Mets. What else is new
hey tweets, Back in effect.............. Christmas was great... anticipating New Years!!!
I really don't understand why you don't understand ive removed from my life so leave me alone already...
ALL CAPS MINUS VOWELS MEANS COOLER BNDNM
my teeth are so sore ah D; stupid dentist
I've replied to your reply too...
Going in the shower, getting ready for work. Whos coming with?? oh yea
#Rainmaker will help you refresh that AOL list. I see you are from Long Island, I'm org from Dix Hills. Enjoy the Service.
Friday, Friday, Friday my favorite day of the week! Time to get your Stinky On everyone!!!!! Regular or Strawberry???
With tongue in cheek, at user-defined registries Tagalus and HashDictionary
#sdcc ers, what's the coolest thing you've seen today???
Just met maybe one of the nicest guys ever Thanks again for taking the photo with my little girl. It was greatly appreciated
please just follow me back please:( and i cant wait 2 hear ur new album! i bet its gon be dope!!!
Learning a new engine brings waves of nostalgia for my Quake/Quake 2 modding days.
will be on Geico Sportsnite at 10:30PM again tonight...also looking forward 2 your new FM radio show tomorrow on 98.7
It is a great show
I miss our talks :(
He might get knocked out next round RT : Mosley about to lose!
"(Snowflakes) are precise atomic recordings of their lifetimes. Each is the story of its fall." -- Shawn Brixey ('85 sculpture)
I love money nt pussy
plane is boarding, signing off the interwebz. thanks all for msgs of love & support - they work :-)
RT A 5 mile run this morning. Cross Training for the Bell Atlantic 50 floor Tower Climb on March 24, 2012.
That's a definite possibility. I get on a plane at like 6 that morning, so if I'm not TOO tired...
this quote made my day. Or my career.
A brand new day, another day to make an impact in the world!
First Follower Woo!
training for a job thingy
I know I will be in attendance
Jeremy thx for RT. BTW: Just bought Ipad; ?your advice on what apps to purchase for Asperger's/ HFA?
Going shopping ! :)
I wanna go home 😪
HAHAHA double team
can you send me an email with dates/times you are available?
Master storyteller alert! #damejudidench on !
Surely. I'm in Fiesole. I'll be sure to at least get some gelato and pass along your warm greetings.:)
Watching while he listens to One Direction, this is a good time. , I love you.
he's awesome though
thank you so much! it means a lot ... I've loved Madison ... I'll visit a lot
why our pic so tiny
Saw some amazing rock bands at the Key Club this afternoon! Did I mention, all the musicians were 10 and under!
I am, thank you! Any bacon related toe injuries have been put off for another day. :)
who's down for an impromptu 420 day party?
HAHAHAHA you're a brat ;)
good morning then lol can u dm or text me?
who will you vote for in the Election? Will you get your Green Tea Party on the ballot?
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood.
Drunk golf = Sunday funday!!!!!
Shaqauria said she wanna be buried naked O.o
I'm happy to hear other guys are as pro-condom as I am.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
:o That's so stupid, u're not old.
will do!! Thnx!
In a mtg - someone just used the phrase "elders of our tribe"
decisions decisions.. What to do... Hm.. Lord give me clarity <3
Thinking about Dept.ChargeBack to help track/contain/reduce printing costs for your organization-Its easy w/PharosUniprint Call 800-583-TRAC
#Realism is having the balls to document a pervasive truth without social consensus!
I just want one more championship
Where in Boca???? I'm in Ft. Lauderdale. Would love to see you.
Bout time ugly man.
Thanks for the
Are you fluent in English ?
Nap-time w/ my Suga foot! Trying to wake up but we are both struggling.
Finally get to hang with the Christian's again!
oh c'mon, I'm stronger than you. Do I need to bring up the cat fights?
ahh thank you!! ((: always nice to know when people are reading! Love you more! (:
A million things stand in the way of me and 7:30
Lmao aw shit. By who??? RT : Indirectly just got ask to do a threesome 😳
“Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.” ~ Mother Teresa
Rt if you'd help me tomorrow to convince my mom to get tickets for 's concert in NYC by tweeting #MomLetEmilyGoSeeAustin?!(:
Hey guys, we are looking into the show here in Pittsburgh, get to you soon
good man! It's the best sport
THANKS for following! Great to connect with you!
I really hope I never have to go back to school!!!!! I am going to make it big without that!!!!!
A little girl died yesterday evening in a retention pond....she accepted a dare from her #friends? Not sure I would call them friends!
I hate the idea of surgery..
Tired of this!!!, Im ready to move on from silly games.
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether and they are to cute!
Only 34 days until I see and <3 #excited!!!!
I am, however, willing to be convinced otherwise.
How one armed was he? Tell me when to stop.
lmao I know what your watching
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  10
You've got this Colin... If not I'd like a shot at your job
not life...people
you right cous, how u been?
Berly Leaving LA.. I'll be home again soon someday.
I cannot believe I forgot how to spell "Trempealeau".
We are one day away from the First ever Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week, what kickoff event are you looking forward to tomorrow?
Joop smells gorgeous I don't care what you think xD
have u created a new game to fleece me with yet?
How does a 3.5 hour drive to Minneapolis turn into 4.5 hours....have a WI trooper pull onto I94 during mi 4 and stay behind you for 165 mi.
“: #BestFriendBucketList go on a road trip with no destination. #BestFriendProbz” (:
People are always judging each other and, the truth is, they're not very good at it.
RT : If you're going to succeed you must be willing to hear a little criticism along the way. via
#WeWereCoolUntil U Said That The Thunder And The Heats Weren't Going 2 Meet In The Finals
Great question! Since Minelab does not sell directly, your dealer would be the person to ask - do you need any help finding one?
Did Legume move? Into Oakland? Out of Oakland? Where was it before?
Concur! RT : #BootCamp6 protip: Get the email. Get the email. Get. The. Email. cc
As soon as my hair is dry I'm going to bed. I need to get over this sinus infection before tomorrow.
From The Steps of the Avon Theater, To The Stage of Madison Square Garden.
i love austin but all he tweets about is his concerts and when he says he loves us its when hes sold out something..
IAM WORKING IN THE STUDIO
right?! have you listened to their first album?
Damn just saw an old man rockin a walking stick with a water bottle holder attached to it.. Pretty genius
f'ing adorable...that is all
I am one of your biggest fans, I've loved you since I was 8! Can I get an RT??
Why is Top Spin 4 such a good game? haha
Awesome, I was there today!! I'm hoping someone snaps a picture of me on the big LED screen out on the raceway!
Teachers contract gets second chance - Concord Monitor
New Orleans > OKC
Massive shout-out to DK's own Walter Pendleton for gettin it on #DKAllday Go
i think you need to visit new mexico, geography not culinary skill may be the problem
Whitney Houston just passed....
Tebow is a Jet! My other favorite team yes!!
go ahead party this weekend girl with your gfs, your ganna get fucked or just drunk and the cycle will continue
glad I still don't have cable and didn't have to see it at all...
Have you tried it? Pretty good.
Who plays bass on "I'm Every Woman"? That's a bad cat.
I wonder what happened the late few monts with my life
If you could be anywhere else in the world right now where would you be? For my money, WDW in FLA with my wife and kids.
Did you think about simply cooking the bacon in the oven and brushing on a maple syrup/bourbon glaze to slowly candy them?
Make sure your efforts are aligned with your vision ~Daymond John.
Craving Ray's breakfast in Santa Monica this morning
We will be the premier Lawyer Marketing Firm in USA Im thinking -36 months
Might go to this bonfire tonight..
Not sure when the madness of march officially starts - but probably soon! Get pumped!
ott gets them out in order in the bot 11.. tigers win tigers win!! geaux tigers. #longhorns =
RT Good News, my foot has healed and I can jog again. Bad News is my foot has healed and I can jog again. <<<Love the logic, lol
Im gonna cut out all the negativity in my life and be one super happy bitch (:
Sitting here at the Indy wedding ideas luncheon with , , and at the beautiful ! :)
A court sentenced Michoel Streicher, "The Michael Jackson of Jewish music," to 1 year in prison after stealing $36,000 from an NYC woman.
Great morning. Great day to get better isn't it?
That trip sounds like fun!
not even :/ lol
I'm not really myself lately. I have no focus and it's starting to affect my confidence.
yea.:/ kinda<\3
This is why Josh Smith don't need to shoot jumpers
Im looking at sweet 16 an that bitch spoiled as fuck..
“: a beer for chocoholics...Atwater's Decadent Dark Chocolate Ale. A refreshing beer that finishes with a nice chocolate kiss.”
Do you hear what I hear?
That was your birthday. Only, this was after the sandwich fell off of your face.
Supper: Olives, cheese (of a French nature), crackers, Bud Light.
Well I'm still in the wagon at 6 am, and I don't have a clue where I am...
I have phaith for something
I was so pleasantly surprised.
With that said, it's hard to complain with a 10-8 start and the 3rd best run differential in the American League.
im back
if it was wrong, I wouldn't want to be right
Did you know...In ancient Egypt, priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies, including their eyebrows and eyelashes! Ouch.
You are God and we were made for you and only you! I love you Jesus!<3
How often and where do you play at? RT: Just finished some rigorous #racquetball! See what I did there? alliteration :)
this has got to be interesting......
Follow for all of the things I can't say on this account
i still have no idea what i'm doing. And no one tell my Dad his school could be in trouble, he's still on 'Pokes happycloud.
Ah. I was getting worried there for a min...
#IReallyWant to go to the power house concert & the #BELIEVE concert & the rock the bells. :(
yaay finally !!! :)) Me & Danny were talking about it the other day remember? w/ you! And your gonna watch it now finally (:
Drinking Dogfish Head 90 Minute and starting my second game in Skyrim. No sleep 'til Brooklyn.
Get rich or die trying
no. you're on vacation! lol... just asked cus this KDM/genesis site would all pick up and go to korea and just stop business.
Meditation is more than, "Touching the stillness." Consider this: embracing the ALL that awaits in/with Love.
GOOD LUCK ASIA. YOU GOT THIS.
Senator John Kerry is pressing the case for the U.S. as he meets with Pakistani http:\\tncnews.com
Keep coughing those up Chris Paul. Atta boy.
Under four tv timeout, Green Bay Phoenix leading 21-13.
Credit cards: The only time a woman is satisfied with 3.5 inches.
Okay finally you are caught up to speed. ;)
Currently accepting applications for muses. Let me know in 140 characters or less how you think you can inspire me.
COFFEE=MY CRACK!!!
Amen! :) RT : Cut the talk. Announce.
good night. Z
No interest, 4G your own butt buddy! :>)
The Self is the Consciousness which illumines life's experiences. It is pure Knowledge. Hence considered clear, bright, resplendent.
making comics using the 3DS AR cards and camera w/ Miis...
Finally lunch time
xoxo but I want to do what you do love!
Happy Birthday to Whitney Houston....The Voice...thank u.for ur artistry and REALNESS..
y u got porn hub as ur web address bro that too funny.
there are only rainbows after rain, and the sun will always shine again...gotta keep your head up!
Hope youre still listenin to ! Some talented ladies in here. RT we r in studio & on in 5 mins!
Good morning tweeter
UPitt Med School's Annual Follies here tonight and Sunday- "Cialis's Wonderglands" - 7pm tonight and 2pm on Sunday!!!
honors the victims of Sept. 11, 2001, and those that rose in service that day. We will always remember.
Oh my :'( you're the robin to my bat man how are we supposed to rule the world now?
oh my gosh that movie is AMAZING
Brunch, 30ft blow up gorilla, Janet Jackson.
I don't doubt it. Newfoundlanders are nearly half Irish --- there's something to it, as a people and a culture.
Hey why are your boobs crooked??
Omfg! That's Freaking Amazing!(:
Thanks for the new follows! Happy #WW!
Man. When I get home, I'm making some Scrambled eggs, grits, sausages and some waffles. I'm Hella hungry
Get your free teams in for tomorrow's games. You could win 2 tickets to the Super Bowl. www.playffnow.com
pick a Paddy's day and stick with it. Ha!
“: I can't Tweet this enough: I love Maggie Smith. #DowntonPBS” The next year will feel so empty without all her icy one-liners
thank you! I'm excited to figure out my training plan!
but I made the mistake of mentioning this online, and my women social-media friends NEVER let me live it down. #woodenboxes 2/2
Did you know now makes their milkshakes with ice cream?
If a Fat Mofo Ask Me Out. Imma Say Yeah To Let Them Take Me Out To Get The Food. Then if They Ask Me Questions. Imma Go To Bathroom& Runaway
Hm, I've never heard of a beet burger. I'll have to look into that.
you know it!
ringringgg Hi Anabel! thanks for the follow!!! Talk soon!! xxxoo
The best thing I can do is take 6 months off and cruise the world. I'll settle for going barefoot while I work ;)
got to low "old school lunch hour" listening to Push It by Salt and pepper Bad thing is you start wanting to do the dance lol
I got a fuckin bruise on my ass dude wtf
Web Design San Antonio offers SEO, Flash Design, Graphics Design, and Web Development for affordable price www.webdesignsanantonio.us
NYTimes criticizes Ill Holocaust Museum's attempt to find lessons from history. Should museums seek to be relevant?
Tebow is going to force Mark Sanchez to be on suicide watch lol
You and Jenny? That's GOTTA be good! :)
#nowplaying the gorillas-plastic beach
Hey party people, we've got few irons in the fire! Stay tuned!
“: you look very cute in your 50s swimsuit today!! :)”hey Ali where are you????
White House says job rate is good cause more people r looking for jobs. More news like that & everyone @ the White House will be out jobs..
Trapstarz, Inc. a #DBoy company. Helping #Kingpins since 1992. Dont get caught with that #DirtyMoney its not worth it, when u dont have to!
Reading the footnotes in undergraduate honors theses at 10:30pm, after commenting on a panel this morning.
please follow us -amanda
Easter cards in the mail may arrive with Christmas and Valentine's day cards
i wrote my nhs speech. it sucks balls. let's see if i grow the balls to actually say it. :(
Who doesnt remember singer Well sources tell us he will be performing at the 2012
twisted my ankle in my sleep. how the piss?
glad you like our infographic Kristi!
All good. I'll be down here next week for a wedding at the Windsong. Follow me and I'll DM you.
If Syracuse is Superman then Rick Pitino and Louisville are Kryptonite.
What's yer last meal? If you're standing at the White Castle kiosk, there's no eulogy that will overcome that ignominious end.
When do you close?
RT Check out #ALLIN To End Homelessness on the American University Quad from 12-4 to learn how you can help end homelessness!
I like that song MC Hammer.
I really would like him 2 win another Wimbledon...but my heart of hearts want him 2 win 1 more RGarros Title.
#3WordsOfAdvice READ A BOOK!
We got bitches in the back and they throw their hands up!
I hope everyone downloads #FullyintheTux when it drops! It represents all regions...
Q10. Fad you wish would return
found out that i am a beast at ultimate frisbee today.
Sounds like the are going to check out tonight with and others RT if your going.
Haven't really looked at Twitter in forever. Tumblr where it's at now. People on twitter used to be cool...
Is it odd I'm baby sitting on a school night? I think so... Why are da RENTZ and friends out at MIM on a Wednesday?!?
Yuh only live once that's the motto YOLO
Can't wait to work with for #BGC10 I KNOW THE WORLDS GONNA LOVE THIS BAD GIRL*
A few weeks ago we hosted a group from Haiti interested in social entrepreneurship. Now we might have a new mango supplier!
that's the game!!! Not gonna lie that was a tough game for me, raised a packer, but lived in az 4 19 years, cards are
Inhumanly psyched for Madonna, MIA and Nicki Minaj! Don't let me down!
We're getting ready to announce the final band lineup!! Hold your britches!
#Why doesn't #Dracula have any #friends? BECAUSE HE'S A PAIN IN THE NECK! ;)
Alot of people are getting Mahone Madness(:
That and STRESS. lol
Wow someone has the name "Harry St. Louis"
RT : Stop saying you aren't "allowed" do to something. You're not 6. Make it happen.
Join us with our interactive live show. Hop in the chat room and talk to us while we cover NTDR's first match tonight @ 7pm Central...
well you know it'll happen within the next few months!! 💜☺👍💒
LET FREEDOM RING!
Sometimes I feel like we set ourselves up for failure.
Off to bed... Waking up early for breakfast and workout! :) Goodnight!
If you have a roof, go up there and lay out! It's #gorgeous out!
Havin a connection with a Girl can sometimes be confusing, but the main thing is to not over think it... it is what it is
papaya always worked for me as a natural remedy for allergies. a papaya smoothie, papaya pills or just the fruit.
I am getting cable tomorrow. See you never.
REM probably wasn't on LSD when they did their music video for "Stand" but they sure as hell drank a lot of caffeine. Also, probs LSD.
1967 - Vodka becomes the #1 selling white spirit in US. 1976 - Vodka becomes #1 spirit in US
President #Obama: 'I think same-sex couples should be able to get married' - Monumental day in American history
thx for the mention!
Guess i was wanting 1 4 myself RT : Minus the sandwich ==> Ham Sandwich RT : Guess what I'm eating
It's A Perfect Day on the East Coast!
:/ where do you live?
Just got home from some boardgames with coworkers. Now I am wrapped in sweats watching some movies and missing
What's happening?
iTunes is the slowest and most unreliable program I've ever purposefully or accidentally installed on my PC.
haing a crazy conversation with haha miss this punk!! >.<
#maestrosays Why don't you make like a tree... and shut the fuck up.
SayBayBee loves the Cafe Booster Seat. It's made in the USA, soft to the touch, latex free, and fits into any chair.
COME ON! World champions deserve better
$19.00 off Full Highlights with Melody today only!!! Happy April 19th!
coming to Norman Music Festival this weekend? I'll be helping to manage the Blackwatch stage. come say hello.
#ItsAmazingHow I love you so much, when you're so far away.
I have never witnessed anyone walk into an airport bar and own it like this gentleman just did. Maybe it was his Fedora, suspenders, accent.
I love it when old people drive fast.
congrats on another successful conference & thank you for the great hospitality
People already Walking with 12 packs in their hands. This is my kind of town :)
I would rather judge a man by the questions he asks, than by his answers... -Voltaire
I love when the sunshine pours into my room c:
Board meeting followed by a retirement party...today should be "fun"
Do what you can and pay Patrick back, Patrick is an archetype. Programmer from PGE, he too is an archetype, he strangled himself in a
Hey friend!
#awesome I have nothing to do-_-
I will NOT dye my hair Rihanna red -_-
and all that ;-)
heyy c: thanks for following! your music is amazing, if you havent already, be sure to checkout too!
If you're hungry you should come over. I've Been cooking since 7 am. A bunch if random "good eats"!
i have 52 followers on instagram!  check my last tweet if yuhh wanna follow me.!
Happy Birthday Relapse :D 3 Years ♥♥♥
Editing article on #teendatingviolence found great website www.jenniferann.org #Awareness and
thanks for the RT.
Yes! RT VIDEO: Colbert's Super PAC urges Iowa straw-pollers to vote for write-in candidate "Rick Parry" trib.it/qxzUXf
Pancakes covered in Nutella.
I love doing that! It's a very pretty shade of pink too. Pinterest seems to be a great tool for marketing.
If you know you're HOT enter THE EROTIC CHALLENGE 50k and a modeling contract at .com
Sorry, Kelly Gallagher has a book about sustained silent reading that's helpful.
Visit the #Xerox Social Media Cafe hall 8b @ #drupa & pick up a FREE pedometer - The secret phrase is "My Feet hurt!"
the $29 million TIF includes the Michigan Road area that was started by the county. Add them all up =
I feel like I've invested so much time in this game that I can't quit it now.
4199751893 call me.
I have no energy today!
. Thank you SO much! You have started my weekend in a wonderful way!
RT : Enjoying the journey!
He can fuck you good, but I can fuck you betta. ;*
Idk why they took all the smart ones -_-
OST is looking for 2 Technical Recruiters and 1 Sourcing Specialist for their Philadelphia office. Spread the word!
What is you favorite #twitter #list?
The science of Lebron says he can jam at 54 mph and he is 4 inches different than DaVinchi's Vitruvian man. Ha.
MT : Even Walker's cooked-up jobs numbers show WI job growth down once Act 10 & Walker budget became law
Omg can someone get dis half naked man off my tl! #unfollow *throws up n mouth*
Thanks Jamila! Long time no hear UK stranger!
Sending love!
Fuckkkkkk what happened to my black beanie I need a new one and I can't wear my w$gt$ one :(
Could I ever be as high as ?
There's a reason why he's a 4x Underground Champion. And Colt will find out why when they lock up on next week's show.
u have something in mind?
Yeah you are, and it's called "The Pacific"
I think the Winner of this goes to the superbowl
At the flower hill fun fair, I remember starting this school 11 years ago
Just got home for the day :))) bouta take a bath and do my hair in a great mood..
I need new texting buddies. Mfs text slow as hell....
looking forward to it! We're in the process of creating a Hotel Metro Green Team of Volunteers!
Mixtape droppin The first day of summer y'all...get ready
You can't master your future if you're still a slave to your past.
IF IT WASNT FOR THE GAYS, I WOULD NOT BE THE SAME PERSON THAT I AM TODAY.
I'll put that on my birthday wish list. I think I've had that before.
“: thank god lmao cause you know how venice guys look -.- UGLY lol” they don't look ugly, they're ugly lmao
The illuminatti made me do it
Hey IUPUI #SAPB Members, we're meeting at 6pm in UC 2137 tonight! Don't forget! :-)
So I asked the guy: "why are you so fly?" And he said: "funky cold madena"
Help! Identifying and fostering rigorous curriculum or CPS facilitated AP: Program, not a course? Can't decide!
Wisconsin Restaurant Expo with ! #foodie #free samples
I like this, its true! We can learn A LOT from one another!! --- Ask questions to learn - that's twitter. (via )
You're very welcome! Glad to be there
Cannot sleep. I gotta get off of twitter
There is a moth next to me..and im pretending it's not there so I dont crash...
Omowali Isidore now offers students Spanish and French Tutoring Services in Portsmouth,Chesapeake,Virginia Beach and Norfolk Virgina areas
Tiger Woods and the top Americans are coming to town. The Chevron World Challenge Begins tomorrow!
Aw come on, I'm lurking here.
solidarity forever!
hi niall ?? how are you ?? notice me really i love you !!2
Studio tonight.......mixtape almost done......what's goin on today?
yes! I can't pronounce it either way.
I think you are an inspiration to young girls these days. I wish I could play tennis against you! :) but im not very good!
Snuggled up watchin a movie with Nathan and Ashley... cus I don't have any homework to be doing or anything
do you have stock in this place?? hope you are in their loyalty program......:)
& beautiful icon photo
Nothing thrills me more than a call sheet with my name on it.
But the part where we talked about Kubrick was pretty nice, huh? 😉
RT : so much fun! great work & super artists! wish there would have been a talk.
This lil girl is too funny.
At #ebww listening to Kyran Pittman. People with #shortattentionspans often wind up in the wrong meeting room :-)
Lincoln did win the audience's vote at our Symposium last year. We'll see what happens today. Jackson was nominated earlier.
Now I'm playing Lil B "Ima Eat Her Ass" smh
I thought you would get a kick out of that. Thanks for the bday wishes!
Let’s close the discussion with some quick advice for one another. What’s the best sales coaching tip you’ve received?
Report: Josh Smith Sprained His Left Knee
Being the only girl in my form not to get make up wiped.
Clickbank Simple Tips - How To Guide: ClickBank
tomorrow i am not alone, at least!
Club Cinema is back
lol you already know (;
So first time this semester I've created a notes document for this class.... Nice.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 8
Stuck on Philly runway. A half hour & counting.
Waiting for this text
Worked out okay, though... RT That wasn't very smart, Corey.
Why am I not getting twitpics of people who camped at Brack?
Ppl build this image of themselves but its not real. If I made posts about fucking plenty niggas could I be mad if ppl thought I was a hoe??
“: #somethingtoremember Everything happens for a reason” truly. You'll look back with wiser eyes and it will all make sense!
haha. Excellent point. What was I thinking? Oh yeah ... thinking about my #bobcats season tix going down the drain.
Lol I just cant stand the skinny jeans crew. Probably cried and sung a nigga to death Lol
watch the video please
I. Need. More. Sleep.
I used to be a huge fan of campus patrol!!
Taking out my frustrations on fruit ninja....sigh
Do your job, with passion, my good sir.
Essential oils are just that -- essential. No #pet diet is COMPLETE. Supplement with variety and fish oil in liquid or capsule.
is falling down falling down falling down!!!!
Looking forward to buying pizza at Donili's Pizza Kitchen for my networking friends.
what does I Promotion You And Me Promotion Back You mean !?
Sharks are 1 for 6 on the man advantage
Congratulations!! Love You
thanks for introducing us. Would love to connect further!
Regardless, it's going to be a bumpy ride I would imagine..
concert announcement at 10a today...
I wonder if will be in austin or sa this coming week...
What The Hell- Dani Shay:)
Congratulations to Miss Tennessee USA 2012 Jessica Hibler!
a bit kinky
oh man, that Greek Panini sounds amazing! Way better than my stuffed red pepper...If only my office was closer.
This is no joke...www.millionaireminds.org Free youself TODAY!
Boozer stinking the Wells Fargo Arena up smh.....
Maybe, idk, I havent checked. I'd rather not send it in if I could.
check out Thomas Neptune's new single "The Good Times" off his new EP - Down to Earth on iTunes!
I hope Samsung is now installing the correct capacitors in their defective 46" LCD TVs
#BettaTellEmChef RT Real recognize real and I call it like I see it
my mom got asked to go to a conference in south africa
hope you had fun!
I appreciate how you approach your profession..best of luck in all things...proud you are a Packer!
What type of plant are you?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, BABE! Have an AWESOME one!!! ;-)
Ilu for the Psych help~~~
#Iwanttoknow how this ends...
flash cards are the fast track to a five in APUSH
I have some Hiring Mngrs that like a candidate and ask them to follow up (they don't) and then 2 weeks later they do - be urgent
New citywide ad campaign encouraging New Yorkers to cut our food portions
hi mia hope you're having a super day
Greg in the kitchen, Theresa behind the bar, and Billy Boy Brad spinnin records tonight! The stars are aligned. Stop on by JC
Natural History Museums Misled School Children
the number of pics in that album has gone up to 618.. I think it's getting a little out of hand...
Heartbreak! std::fstream is doing me wrong!
going to listen to music and then american history final fuck...
So apparently, dad's cousin Arturo works at the Marlins stadium and he said he could hook us up with tickets!! =)
ppl that take dey kids around ANYONE <<<<
Morton's beard does look a bit like a sea creature, hard to resist; agreed on Beauregard - he's got some fierce eyebrows as well.
organize my room I hate doing that  I put my clothes in the RV that took FOREVER
Don't wanna sound like im preaching, everybody that know me know I'm far from someone that should be preaching lol
Sherm was at the helm for one of the most disappointing seasons in aggie history. Time for an adjustment.
small steps - it works!
That's a wrap on Dulce's Ashes! Pretty incredible...
FiREWORKz That's Doin To much
Dear mother, If you was attacked by a dozen ninjas wearing crotchless panties, I'd fight them, I'd fight them hard. Hahah
I won't give up, if you won't.
Don't forget, here at BullFish from 5:30-8 pm. Enjoy rock n' roll and great wine.
got too excite about her new followers
the #zepheira recollection project on github is a direct mirror on sourceforge - a push to github will trigger a push to SF.
I have TOLE MANy Capitol people wHO is the BOss in El pASo NOW. I Shake them down, threaten to kill their bills if they don't do as I SAY!
I need some followers lmao:)
Two job interviews this week, but trying to hold out for the job I really want. It will be two weeks before decisions are made. Ugh.
Had a great time at the BBQ tonight. Right up until I took a dodgeball in the eye from TJ. Better me than anyone else.
we don't have plans yet. Probably breakfast somewhere special. :)
I will when I'm done writing, haha.
Photographed today 13 more beards 4 charity 4 The Beard Book then prayed for to be in the book when I saw him live @
Bathing suit.
I think that a good EQ is open ended - leads to good student debate, discussion
I know.... Hat tattoo in your throat.
dam yo this nikka is annoying.
Aw! yeah :) #whydoialwayswritewhenishouldsleep RT love that! Is it part of a new song you're writing?
so what'd u do after graduation?
I will "watch what I post online" the day my employer offers to lick my ass in lieu of a bidet.
ohh good! how many adoptions? :) i was up since 8:30am that day just waiting for the tweets :)
oh shush
#wits Belinda Quick loves Wits with
Thanks for the follow!
I miss u babe <3
dj qtip here email is
it's like an after party in here.
No salsa events planned for tonight, but tomorrow we're at Madrigall! Beginner lesson at 8:15pm. No partner required! 1627 Oak, KCMO
Had a lot of moments that didn't last forever.
Man spends 12 months practicing 12 different religions - Deseret News
aloha to you too. NW isn't the same without you.
not yet..... Shooting through sfo in a bit. Always on united though and never get over there
I really hope im not hearing this bitches voice outside right now.
When the rain starts flooding Houston streets, I hear Supertramp in my head.
Easter candy is on the shelves. Oh my.
You know the speed of light;so what is the speed of dark? I can't see.. any body have a flash light... of WAIT! now its LIGHT... oh well :)
MTV SEOUL SUNDAY : THE SHOW SUNDAY!.
Everytime I end up likibg someone he finds out, and tills him :/ My cousin an asshole!
buh you cyan be leaving our clients just suh
Mini-Marathon/Derby/Cinco de Mayo: carb up on tortillas, run 13.1miles w/ bourbon at water stations. Wearing only hat & bowtie
": NEW YORK WINS AGAIN" -you know it baby!!
I made listen to a Kraftwerk album three times last night.
Hey, thanks! You'd be surprised, man. I wish they'd have at least tried to make the flyer look, um, decent at least.
Oh yes! I love a good storm!
“: No swag” Tweetin bout your self
Off to the mall.
Super excited about the private dinner and concert with Youssou NDour I was invited to by Millennium Promise!
Studying photosynthesis for biology!
we all know the shaggy and mystery team did more then just solve mysteries in that van. # always hungry
I'm gone
Happy Holiday's from CRUSH Wine Bar in Seaside!
actually I finally figured it out and pretty proud of myself. Haha. Nice job!
If the 12 Apostles were to be marketed as action figures, would Judas be sold separately?
Real headline on msn, "what his bad habit says about him. Leaving the toilet seat up could mean doom for you."
St. Patty's Day Parade-see you there! Randi Shannon
Bryce Harper on the way to second after his first career double, rips his helmet off.. to run faster?
Thx! back at you!
WOW is it getting warm this late afternoon! I can see how they are predicting storms-w/this humidity. (Beside I won't have to water things!)
Hi Liberty Grill ! Following U, follow me back please?
Love this advice! RT Play that music with passion don't just read the notes and squiggles on the page
I think they were just made to look creepy and stare at people to make them feel awkward because thats the vibe it gave me
When your parents tell you you need to be more social & you're just all "I AM! ~on the Internet~"
khadafi tells russian head of world chess he's not goin' anywhere. Breaking News In The World of Chess.
From hair extensions to bedazzled nails, the showroom floor at the International Beauty Show has it all!
Mayor Sanders: Employed 5,000 youth over past 5 years through Hire A Youth program...places young people in a positive environment.
I’ve spent most of my life trying to figure out ways to make money without working.
On tap for discussion: cumshots and how they make you feel, sliding down the back of your throat. Any takers?
Interested, ? RT : Who ever my 500k follower is can have a threesome with lady Gaga and yours truly
no shit Jordan. I love you<3
If I can draw a #lesson from it, then I'm #happy it happened.
Love the idea of an experimental learning space open to experiment with tech. i.e., Kinect
great job sexy boo ! Lol
This is my own, private domicile and I will not be harassed.....BITCH
“: I just want the old you. Please”
lets go to the austin mahone concert
is way more buff in person than his voice suggests. Thanks for stopping by tj's!
sorry for your loss. She's in a better place now.<3
This is bullshit. I feel ugly now.
i dont think we did a paragraph? We watched a movie friday and monday :p
And the noise issue in my apartment won't easily be fixed. Ugh! Ordinances, owners, tenants. Mess.
Black Friday is so close I can taste it
Night every body sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite
Nice to meet you. Looks like you know too.
Hell yes. Preach brother. RT : For the record... I'm officially a Jamey Johnson fan
Kemp intentionally walked, Eiether left hander, pitching change, left handed specialist, Eiether grounds in DP
Lets ride, throw a line at me, throw a song. Anything.
thanx for the follow and keep an eye out for our WISHES! ur heart will smile!
You took photos of my ArtPrize piece last year. I need to talk to you desperately.
Got a fast response from to my question about their allergen disclosure. Kudos to them.
one of my favorite singles ever. The original 12" mix intro has jungle sounds a decade before jungle was a thing.
Don’t chase dreams, make reality’s
Yeah #identity its hot as fuck
I been down and out for awhile but its time to get up smile and know tht God and his son jesus christ is not done wit me yet so I got faith
lol it's really not that hard tho
- LOL ...aww I could totally see u flying away like in the UP movie.
Today has just been awesome:))
the consumer holds the solution to direct access as well. Message isn't getting out to them effectively
Opening up this Friday and Saturday!!!!! We are bringing you the new standard of Raleigh Nightlife. Email us at .
Wednesday Wellness: "When your creativity is held inside, not given expression, repressed, it is similar to the brook having its waters...
PROFITS OF JG Summit Holdings, Inc. surged by 76.7% to P4.91 billion in the first quarter of the year, propelled by the strong perfor...
+ #IntheHeights at the = awesome Friday night friends date!!
we were just in Omaha.
And this is where comes in and makes a "length' joke.
Cut a spoon into a fork. Fill in a fork to make a spoon.
I like to think of myself as being mentally tough but days like today remind me of how much I lie to myself about that trait.
that's just Wrong. But the pasties are so right.
Wawona hotel. Waiting for a stagecoach to arrive: history!
Guitar time...
Getting Ready to start Filming again. Much Respect to Director Terrence Gordon. Last Night meeting was Great @ The Bare Bones Theater.
Well, I think he's always been a hack, but a very talented and hardworking one. "Night Shift" steals so much from HPL, Bloch, et
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Samsung XE700T1A-A02US Collection seven Slate Tablet Laptop - Intel Core
she fell out of the Ugly Tree, hitting every branch on the way down
Its a Good morning anytime u wake up to see it
Thank you for the
This guy wants to make some new friends. Who wants to talk?
are you alive?
Shades on, Low key.
duh man the devil wears prada
Until now, that is.
yes i did but that doesnt mean you are stupid you just need to study
RT : We are only here to be happy therefore give happiness if that is what u want to receive.
It's that time again...#saturdaylibrarian Today, I'm making sea turtle crafts with kids!
can't get enough of edge!!
bad news is that it isn't a client. It is a co-worker that wants me to do teh most complicated screen print ever
The SDPL continues its Downtown Verse poetry and spoken word series with SDSU MFA students today @ 4 pm in the Central Library Lobby!
That Google chrome commercial makes me want to slit my wrists.
Aw I miss that show
“: Not feeling work tonight!!!” --- WYS
no not really
Hanley Ramirez is really in the dumps after the Gload single.
Two stall bathroom - kid in next stall with dad ask if I'm pooping. Dad said "I hope so."
were they mostly at doctor's offices or home therapies? let's DM
#thatawkardmomentwhen you waste too many @ 's on a fuck nigga
Then speak up! RT “: Writing, publishing content for lawyers feels like antithesis of #SocialMedia #LMA12”
do you think I should re release that never go track
What's good Al?
I remain baffled...how was Rick Perry elected to anything?
still u
okay well if they wanna wrestle I'm here all month to help them. And okay good
Im not what you expected huh
ok that might work- but I have a feeling I'd still get burned... Huh huh huh
why does it feel like monday :]
good idea! would you want one online?
Bong bong 👨
Why do I always sleep in my guest bedroom??
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 17
When isn't online my feed is completely dead. It's always either filled with her tweets or people retweeting her..
because its a U. Not some high ten. Get over the lie
Why do I love Quaalude jokes so much?
Don't dress in corduroy, spend your money on books
Yes his death is awful and sad, but texting your kids that you love them, then taking your own life is the ultimate selfish act
RT : we're here, can't wait for some feedback on our elevator pitch
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide, Praia, Azores
What a hit by Ray Lewis...I need to get me some Old Spice!!
Fun-filled day with & mamacita! Shopping, Hair Cuts & MORE!!! Now relaxing before dinner with the family tonight!
On my way home listening to Bone Thugs-EAST 99 ETERNAL
I feel that I want the social media presence to be more colloquial than the physical space.
like yinka dare went to George Washington? Why I know that I have no idea.
everyone wants that now and days that's hard to find <3 I want a good Christian guy that is sweet and loves kids & helping
Thanks for the follow! What are you up to post-Loma?
Going to strangers wedding screaming 'don't marry her, I still love you'.
It's always the broken ones.
Moving forward on our documentary "TransMedian" about transgender comedian - filming to start soon!
its gonna be so good
Jason Russell, dude, if you wanna beat something in public, join a drum circle in Uganda.
yo Ruby really pisses me off!!
I c u don't talk to me anymore huh?
nigga im banging elvis
Your task is not to seek love, but to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it – Rumi.
Of course, that 1 goal separating us from the title needs to be scored by the league's 3rd-worst team, at the home of the champions-elect.
I see you getting you tweet game up
Man it's getting cold. Good thang I don't have balls or they might freeze to the floor.
you know I don't do positivity. :). Ah, it only took an hour and a half or just over to get here. Could've been worse.
Wildavsky investing and recruiting to build world class universities china focus on overseas Chinese "sea turtles"
You cannot rid yourself of negative thinking, it is a human characteristic. Unless you drop your body.
I'm Fucking In.... You're Fucking in too
Sshhhh! Don't give us away!
Man from Eugene needed temp internet pass.
Listening to #Fun. while I draw is counter productive. They make me feel like I haven't been listening to music all my life.
BIG thanx to , and for donating passes for our Scholarship Reception raffle tomorrow! Tix
My brother really funny af hahaa
Building's buzzing! Great crowd tonight. Gates shut at 10 PM. Open tmro 2-7.
Going to my sis house
Wow!another friday!But with a meaning.........(US).
OSI wishes Lesean Mccoy a Happy Mothers Day hahahaha I LOVE IT and no beef is ever ova! #f'him
getting new mascara >>>>>
ya it's so sad
inflight on flight is so slow can not watch video...but I can #rant via
GOP candidates are disappointing and dull everyday but today they are SUPER disappointing and dull. Get it!
Ahaha that was def really Random , but I think they would make a Cute Couple(: lmao , , (:
T-minus 2 days until the #ArtLook map launches. Find out which have #ArtsEd programs...stay tuned.
Happy Friday! And you are right--the ceilings are gorgeous. I'll have to take a picture next time!
Foggy mornings have always been an aphrodisiac for my creativity and imagination.
Reading by firelight, or simply gazing at the fire when sitting alone, or in a contemplative mood, is highly injurious to feeble eyes.(1850)
Happy #mothersday to all the moms out there. Moms make the world go round.
For fun if u don't have kids: hire a sitter & tell them your kid is in bed asleep & not to wake them then return home and ask where child is
Wat You Think Bro!
Thanks! I find HUMANIST really intimidating, so this was my first post after a couple of years reading.
***Wanted*** Android Developer – UK Based - for more information contact .uk
Any occasion, Dove Express can provide a beautiful alternative to your celebration with our dove releases!
westside Madison folks... mind the lunch time speed trap, westbound belt at Mineral Point.
that too. When I'm bored I either listen to songs I havent heard in years or look up new bands
CGS is shipping! RT : The Box & Go booth will ship your stuff home from #fgs2011. Open until exhibit hall closes.
just incredible!
Having ah good ass day can't wait ta get off so i can blow man
Giants win the World Series! Well, Game 1 anyway.
After a long trip for wine it's time to start running around.
Office all day
Certainly has been. But, if roles are reversed, it would still be a big issue.
#mlanet12 Relevant Issues Section is collecting socks & toiletries for Seattle's Pioneer Square Clinic @ MLA . Please consider contributing!
Automated language translation capabilities will enhance social engagement and insights at SDL/Alterian
Any documentation on sending emails through you via a Python app on Heroku?
I know this is a little late (since the season already started), but who do you think will win the World Series this season?
It reminds me of a recent Mark Steyn column noting irony of Ben&Jerry's "supporting" OWS. Wholly owned by corp. Unilever now
A little time may create a lot of space.
!! RT : keep screen at approx eye level whether iPad, lap/desk-top - body breaks key as well. Using iPad Can Strain Ur Neck...
excuse me Jazz??
just sent an update vie email! =]]]]]
Kobe is that man right now.
The sloppiness of the paperwork reflects the rottenness of the whole process.
Thank you! It will be 33 soon! But my new guy to follow is
What a great weekend! Hoping everyone out there had a GREAT Father's Day Weekend even if Monday came way too fast!!!
About to eat then smoke some
hey, it was great seeing you too, amongst the thousands!
Its my birthday and I'm finally able to start celebrating! any one in DC for the #MOAS on twitter?
No no, I get it. You can ignore me, but if I ignore you its a big deal..
stop nigga im tryna go to sleep ... but u keep saying stuff that makes me laugh ... SHIT!
Man can believe the impossible, but can never believe the improbable. - Oscar Wilde
Never mistake kindness for weakness
Anybody with an Instagram that wants to follow me, my username is amby619 :) get on it.
mum bought me vitamin water and oreos for the footy, best night ever ahead of me :)
Your tweets may have convinced me to plan a long overdue trip to Carmel. ;)
It was brilliant. It should've been haha!
Working on exciting events! B n the loop &stay tuned by signing up on r interest lists! Edenglen.com, LiveColonyPark.com, LiveBotanika.com!
I like your use of the word obtuse
This is the life.
": but people are such assholes im so tired of it:/" i know but lifes to short to let assholes still your joy
but you love it
Success is doing the best you can with what you have wherever you start in life. Keep smiling.
he's really rude, and has no respect for me..
i want some of your applesauce
is one cool dude. True story bro.
had a great night with my baby last night *crosses fingers to be pregnant* made bbq chicken & watched movies I love my Rupoo ♥
life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself
Only a few hours until we post the brand new #POPBOOMPOW video!
I didn't know I was supposed to be getting one I'll go look!
thanks for the follow! i look forward to reading your tweets. please also check out #author for updates!
HEY! I LIKE YOUR COW! WATCHING NACHO LIBRE
Really nice site, Jeremy. Question-I guess having the Commodores playing on the home page would've been too much? :)
ahaha I know! It's really dodgy at night, it feels like you're being followed! I think Stefan is still watching over me ;)
hell yeah when I seen that cake I was trippin.. they got the receipt and everything
So, basically all of my favourite foods :(
Say what you want about the past.. Westbrook was in his second year two years ago. Harden was a rookie. Durant was in his third.
can't wait for TrunkNotes to arrive on Lion! Intrigued by Lua and some of the templates posted on forums.
I want chocolate.
;-) I only wish I could include the video of her roaring.
#StevenStamkosStaysinTampa I don't know how people think that Stevie and the management in Florida will let this guy go. No way, no how.
Okay everyone tune into the Presidents address to congress, especially my generation. # Yes we can, cant wait till Election time.
congrats to the krauts! chelsea v bayern for the trophy
Thanks I love and miss you too
Making Music ..
Today I celebrate 9 yrs at #ADP. Great, right? Or is it - why is the trend to jobhop? Is it bad to be consistent and stable?
I just wanna chill laid up in a jacuzzi, sippin bubbly with my fingers on the uzi
Only fools think they can attack #plannedparenthood in 2012 with impunity PP has a wide footprint earned by good deeds for many
If I see you with one of those new Nokia windows phone in gonna high school yo ass and knock that shit out yo hands.
I wish they'd go to NCAA rules. Field goal wins are so boring.
Watching Top Shot with Viggle Tue | 10PM | History Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Success often comes to those who have the aptitude to see way down the road.
off to the #biztimes expo for the Expo After Hours....
Bridal Show at Lake Natoma Inn Folsom on August 28th dm for FREE tickets!!
Tornado season is now upon us
We are going to be letting followers like you know - working out the notification system right now. It's be through twitter :D
weather channel & weather underground fail. both said it would start storming around 1. Now not till after 4. Screwing up my nap schedule!
#amigos on a Saturday night is empty would be a shame if this place closed
there should only be one rule: be a good teacher.
DON'T FORGET... we are vending at the AHS pet parade in Atlantic Station this Saturday, April 21st 9-1..SEE YOU THERE!!
Black Tide never gets old. Love this new album so much.
+1 MT : There are 2 great AG candidates @ this debate. I know there are strong feelings, but either 1 would do well as AG.
Are you left handed?
We also have PLENTY OF TROEGS NUGGET NECTAR ON TAP HERE AT THE SMILING MOOSE..- COME GET IT WHILE WE GOT IT!!
Breathe Carolina your music is literally me.the beat, the words at timesc; it plays in the background with mywildside(y)
What an amazing night! To share the stage with Bernadette Peters, a true icon of musical theatre and the Great American Songbook...
hahaha you finally got dribbling and walking down?? Hahaha yeah man for sure!! I'm down
yeh me 2 but my chances are not gunna happen:/ ive always wanted to meet her:(
So, if you believe that the Aztecs knew everything even though they lived way back then. Then yes, THE WORLD WILL END IN 2012.
lol I have way more then that
Really enjoyed the Kahula Pork today from your Monday spot behind the Nike Millikan D building.
The public doesn't worry about my transmission because it's never televised.
Tell that bitch to shut the FUCK up!!!
Where exactly are you going?!
Two high-speed, lights on calls so far. Appartment fight, and kid on a rampage with a bat. Coolness.
Can't remember leaving the movie theatre so thoroughly entertained! #thisamericanlife live show was so, so very moving...and hilarious.
Sounds like a plan bro!
haha I just saw this whole convo. You guys have it all figured out lol
#SometimesIGetSickOf "Floss Angeles".... But I know I need to be here to get it poppin.
I liked gritty real. I loved angel. Mark and Roger were bad. In totally different ways. The ensemble was way better than princip.
Apparently judges can relate more to losing investment money than getting shot.
Glad to hear it. I think you'll dig the twist.
5% off for new clients in January. Includes shirts, Hoodies, business cards and more. Make sure to mention the Twitter ad.
no problem. hope you had a great weekend!
Dear libraryland, if you see searches for "turtles" in the search logs for your catalogs or discovery tools, that's me kicking the tires.
Hey! You're very welcome.
Red One
"I want my baby back, baby back, baby back....ribs"
It's your last chance to win from Reichert at #VisionExpo! Come to booth MS 6713 and register to win the iPac Handheld Pachymeter.
yeah too bad about pujols. nature of sport. injuries happen. cracked forearm shows just a freak accident. he'll be back.
6 days until I leave for Bonarroo..the largest music festival on the planet
Enjoy "Behind the Scenes" every morning. 5 - 7 am We were this morning. What a workout!
#BWI Shuttle bus made appearance at daily garage.
RT : Never give up.
Will be in Moscow (IDAHO) tomorrow and Saturday talking #foodhubs and #KYF2. Looking forward to great convos and meeting new peeps!
man my nig I didn't know you were back out here. I would've most def hit you.
time and location and I'm there.....
were wolves vs vampires lol
I <3 once upon a time !!!
If you LOVED me you would tell me whats going on instead of finding out from your EX!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
that's too funny.
that civil war footage is so great!!!
Dear phone: I drop you, I say I hate you. I throw you, I cuss at you, I lose you. I forget about you, but I couldn't live without you
boo! What's he do? It's good the grandmas are local
Well the performance was incredible. One of the best I've seen. And if you need a doctor in Chicago, just let me know!
Flight in the morning Miami then Puerto Rico.
Happy Labor Day! We hope everybody is enjoying a relaxing long weekend with family, guests, football and Labor Day sales!
We're open on Easter and serving up your post Lent libations.
coming soon our event meet and greet Paula Deborah, activist & Author #tijuanachildren documentary
how did you get such a hot fox to be on your panel? :)
Unfriend You <3 Radio (All Day)
"space junk" is not a term I expected to see associated with actual news. Something new every day.
Just heard about Adam Yauch. RIP MCA.
Nobody wears kitten heels....except for lame Kenya!
Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber Reign as the Golden Teen Dream Teen dream duo Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber proved that no baby mama scan
You did the wrong thing to the right girl.
sorry nignog, got plans:( what about sunday?!
I will be performing on Friday Night for my new tour only on the following sites: ustream.tv justin.tv stickam.tv blog.tv
I want our own team. Till then it's penguins or Toronto for me.
omg me too ☹
I thought the same thing: "Come try our unengaging new product."
Anatomy professor... practice test almost all on muscle contraction... Actual test on neural tissue.
Charcoal pencils, Airbus A380, Kerouac audio book. Another Monday.
I tried & was on hold for 5 minutes, figured the office was closed so I'm gonna try again on Monday btw 9 & 5.
yea might do that ya meen
How does a spicy seafood sub from #SUBWAY sound? Sweet, right?! Come grab our featured $5 footlong of the month, the Jalapeno Tuna!
S/O and the whole #TakeMoney movement! Follow this page bra!
I gotta keep it Retro and go classic with the Swiss lol
Love your WS prediction! Finally someone giving the Brewers respect..
Just swam with my gurlz. Damn that was hard.
Happy birthday! Mine was the 11th, but I had a free burger to use any time in January.
Things are fantastic....um how does someone not love MAC!?
I just locked alyssas iPod cuz I'm a nerd. ;D
Didn't you go out last night?
Happy Birthday Fam! &hugs to your mom's on what seem to be the longest labor EVER. Bro Phillip and I do month long cele too!
It is rarely a goog thing for someone to tell you that "you look tired" but better then "you look dead." Staying positive as a way of life.
Tell Him to follow me please? (:
how's it going brother? how's school?
new name. Smh I had to put the underscore. Someone's catching on to the word. BLAH
Long ass day. Bout to grab some Coney and relax. My whole body feel like Rosie O'Donnell's ankles.
SPRING LAUNCH PARTY at Rogue's Gallery Monday, March 26. All the new gear will be available as well as messenger bags and wiskully decks!
Huh this is cutting in my shopping time
Fridays need a facelift!!! I wanna still feel it Sunday!!! Lol
Cool! is a finalist for Top 10 Twitter Brands, competing against the likes of Starbucks and Pepsi (among others!) CONGRATS!
I'm sorry but Jennifer hudson did not do Whitney justice. As much as that chick has fell off she shoulda gave it everything she had.
Dear Mississippi... Where The Fu*k Is Starbucks???
But when was the last time we had four in 24 hours?
the silver face mask looks like Frank Zappa's security detail. He though it kept peeps from "reading his mind."
lol hell yeah pay! LMAO I don't act a #coon for #free! I leave that to the real houswives of south shore lol
so jealous of jade tho. she gets to be wiff nick like all the time. THAT SHOULD BE MEH
Read wiki article on object-oriented-ontology this morning. I've been OOP developer since 1988, studied western intel history since 1991...
tracks are fire. Check their sound cloud and keep your ear on dem
thanks !! Good luck!
no y'all didn't!
tis the season!
They got Whitey?? In Santa Monica??
This ugly girl to my left ignored me! U ain't got no friends shut up hoe!
Trying to decide on wedding venues sucks, yo.
i have the voodoo for all you bitches.
RT : Good thing that NBC reporter is on the roof of a Best Western in Sheepshead Bay to tell me to stay indoors.
Working on APA Heritage Month display & booklist for Teen'Scape , thus the flurry of resource postings. ^_^
no): we're just did a thank you.. kaleigh doesn't feel good so we're holding up on the singing for now
who needs promoting? Hit me up
What you are looking for and noting are any bugs and glitches that might show up in the game
HEY YOU
thanks btw: i love your blog
A VERY BORED person.
In case you haven't seen it yet!
...considering Sarah Bakewell's book on Montaigne or an Isabel Dalhousie book by Alexander McCall Smith, or Hunger Games. You?
is 30 mins away from me right now!!!! OMG!
so do I! How do we make that happen? :)
Great album!
haha spot on sir! Don't forget the optional cheap baseball cap and douchey sunglasses.
Good to see and ! Even if it was for one second lol
Ouch that hurts
RT : enjoyed my first Spanish language lesson from Prep time for Santiago begins now! Chile May 2012
oh i get it!
I could kick my own butt for being on the couch. None of the half marathoners look like they are in shape.
Now I'm breaking at the britches and at the end of all your lines.
Omg A is Mona
Drinking hurricanes listening to Rockin like a hurricane!
I can ride my bike with no handlebars, no handlebars, no handlebars
#Packers set Family Night for Friday, Aug. 3. Details coming
Bahaha. And damn. I'll cry of I miss them cause I'll be away all summer :-/
this looks like a glorified bottle opener
i didnt know YOU had a twitter! lol.
Ok so its more like "wash, condition, product, rake, product, shake, rake, diffuse, stretch, shake & go" but you get the point.
I`m in such a god mood, asdfghjlkjhgfd ah
Snoop ": If you could get away with it, who's the second person, after Anderson Cooper, you'd rape?"
Open mic tonight! Sign-up to perform from 6:00pm - 7:00pm & the show starts at 8:00pm. Admission is FREE w/ a two-item minimum!
Its sunday and national tele might as well chalk up a triple dub for rondo. He luv the cameras
will show you more. :)
There are exceptions for everything.
I know right?!
schedule free as hell today
Oh Mrs. June, quit staring at me and smiling
of course, NOW I can't stop listening to SBTRKT.
Thanks for the sweet commute, Joe Walsh!
Very sweet of you! I suppose it's the thought that counts!
okay let's rephrase this coz this city is full of #crazies i would Love to #BUNGEEJUMP out of the office window
Is having a smart phone a necessity you think?
Nah see, Brent Barry from the Houston Rockets tried to hangout with us last year at Agency. What's up with these guys?! lol ;-)
Friends don't let friends say poppalation.
Also wow, I can't believe Pulpo Paul, Octopus Paul , predicted the Germany vs. Spain match correctly.. and every match for Germany this WC..
Dark Shadows cost $150m!!!! Bomb a bomb bomb!
just got a table..take her to a park, make her run a mile then have a tea party with chamomile tea. she'll be out like a light :p
more like when i whine and beg ppl might listen but probably not :)
Think we can get to join?
also need to feature "Mindset" & C.Dweck here. Need someone to volunteer for a book report. Extra credit :)
It was awesome!! The wind was terrible but it didn't stop us!!
We've been talking to Evan with Mid May to get a show with them at Mad Frog! Prepare your ears!
I busted them at work!! With thier hands in the cookie jar!! I am so protected! I had an angel guiding me for sure! Thank you God! Thank YOU
Don't forget to get your tickets for Hellogoodbye in the Brooks Lounge!
would U be willing to take active voting/polling data live from your constituents as general direction in your voting in office
Thx, Susan! We're very excited about it as well! RT : simply fantastic news!
Scatter kindness wherever you go.........
What about watching the #grammys ?? Prioritize, Grammys>school. LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
Good morning world! This is the day that the LORD has made, I will rejoice and be glad in it. I'm grateful to just be alive!!!
Loosing someone special is really hard.
Looking forward to it Danny, Thank you!!
yeah, over there that would make sense :) check it out for sure
Jav!! Thanks, my G! salute.
#entertainment Hello, Good Morning
Hi, guys, I can't sleep. Worried about a lot of things. Will I be able to help pay my rent next mouth. Will they call me for the job.
Amazing #pivotboston event yesterday to launch - so inspired by Whitney and all that she does!!
ITS ALWAYS MY GOD DAMN FAULT. EVERYTHING!
Told ad exec abt your product last night. She said she coined (?) word sentimentation of a market.
"We are one people. These divisions& jealousies, are the cause of all our woes, backwardness&ignorance today"-Pixley kaIsaka Seme
Like.. select few people know what I've been doing but no one knows WHAT I've been doing, y'know? How I've been feeling and shit.
The Spring Concert featuring Hellogoodbye is Thursday! Need tickets? Head on over to the Brooks Lounge!
OMG, I haven't SEEN the arm warmers!
Book your Video shoot at;
Thank YOU for joining us!
Its hot as hell today
Looks like fun. What are you riding?
thanks! really excited about lpss! council can wait.
haha that's funny!
Today was a good day at first spring practice,
Thanks! Yes a link will be up shortly. We'll be sure to tweet it out.
Defining the real meaning of building from the ground up staining furniture, painting, texturing walls.
It's gloomy and grey in #Vegas But I'm still rockin' my Sand Storm Lip Lacquer! <3
All shout-outs go to
Oh my god... DID ALEX SERIOUSLY JUST RETWEET ME?!?!?
Thanks to everyone who made Friday's Disco Night so successful!
he is ruining the term "-blank- bears"
