Saw an amazing business card today, designed by Leah Brinkley for Carbon Properties. Nice work Leah!
Hi Sam! Miss you!
agreed! goffman should be required reading
The Scroll is 120 Feet
Just noticed I had my headphones in with no music on. I don't remember when I put them on though.
BAHAHAH i was watching that before xD
trust me I asked everyone. They are afraid that they might might kill me because I'm so skinny and they are all thick.
": It doesn't impact what happens on track but you cannot help but notice the empty seats" Resurfaced Bristol ruined that place.
fine fine well compramise
I just tried it because everybody picked squishy. I've only played ranged AP, so it didn't go well.
YES! RT Next time, I'm totally proposing a session on serendipitous discovery.
Naw...it wasn't my muscles its my dislocated knee caps :(
checking out some stock charts- lot's of interesting stuff going on in the market in traditional and growth names- Didn't even see Tiger
Cant wait for the season and the Tide duo on the left side
Montana is awesome
Working on the Country Showdown Country Music Talent Contest. Wearing my cowboy hat everywhere to get in the mood.
Now comes the part of wrap where I get insanely drunk. Have a great night everybody!
excuse me ?
Hey are you workin camp???????
'Trustworthiness is part of God's nature, so your faith in Him is never misplaced.' - The Ways of God
Go Fawkes yourself!
Craving ginger snaps. But not enough to go out and get them.
TIVO'd on Rock Ctr. Saw SM & Steep Canyon Rangers in summer. Wish Brian Williams let him play banjo more. Amazing!
Happy Diablo's Eve. Yes, Diablo is going to be awesome but dont 4get bout Torchlight II. I'll b doing some vids lookn at all the classes.
and the only prescription is...?
living life to the fullest
Peanut Butter and Jelly Bars have been made :D I will be trying some dinner recipes next.
me to lol
... I assume you mean in the stu. center?
thank you! will do :) Trying to decide between two dresses currently
Im not a hipster girl I can make your hips stir
Rod Stewart
Dang Mayor Dave Bing tryin 2 cut back on everything, EVERYTHING EVERYTHING (In Katt Williams voice)....lol
Norman Fruman, a Scholar of Coleridge, Dies at 88 - New York Times
Happy St. Patrick's Day MKE! Be green, be merry & be safe.
Finishing up making props, then heading out to pick up more props :P and to order food for the shoots..
Love you girl. Ima be down your way in a couple of weeks
and Rivera was fielding fly balls in practice, of all things.
This is so much win: RT : we are hereby declaring this weekend national bike to tacos day
I just meant at the moment.
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME! NSN? 3
MAN I REALLY WISH I WAS THERE!!!!!
It's awesome how you use the "you'll be 18 in less than a year" only when it's convenient for you!
Took a picture of my stomach fpr the before and after picture
keep calm and believe in CJ!
well done my friend!
also how strange was that, i had no idea you were gonna be out on sunday--oops,.
Here comes the "OKC Fans"
"What's your take on Cassavetes?" Answer: at #noircity he duked it out with Ronald Reagan over Angie Dickinson, both lost
I KNOW RIGHT!!! So many good concerts!!! :((
Back to work in an hour. I don't think this day could get any more interesting hahah I wanna go out tonight! What up lex??
I have heard about the difficulties. Come to the iOS dark side J…
Accident: Northbound 29 at Forest Lakes South
now where was i?.
hahahaha hey now it does have some good songs on it!
I only work 5-8 tonight! Then tanning :)
Tonight is $5 Jager and $6 Liters all night long.
I shoulda got ketchup for my nuggets
damn I put the wrong one up it said I think I just farted
It's Fried egg, fried egg.... Sunday comes after Saturday... repost if you get ... Rebecca Black
goddamn I love a butter mint.
The fact that you're only 18 and showing signs of male pattern baldness worries me..
u still out? Or, can you recmmd pub by champlain or church st? Long flight, need a drink :)
it's been a year?! already?!
That is part of the plan for next year! There was a lot that needed to happen first because it was the first year.
Finally off work :) thank goodness
Who want a innerstate Ike verse? I got u for the low.lets wrk! Wats Hatnin?
What a perfect weather day today!
My Number One Girl
emailing you today about that!!
Real or inflation-adjusted industry shipments are projected to stabilize or decline by as much as 0.5 to 1 percent per year to 2020
Pepe has terrible luck to always be making accidental contact that looks, to the untrained eye, recklessly malicious.
I'm hosting free BINGO in one hour at on Hamline. Come win some prizes and enjoy some great food. See you soon!
Glad you enjoyed it here!
#TastemakersKS As entrepreneurs we need to be comfortable with failing. That’s how we learn, it doesn’t mean anything else but how you...
nothing better than your favorite song on the radio to cheer you up on a dreary day :)
RT The man's desire is for the woman; but the woman's desire is rarely other than for the desire of the man. SAMUEL COOLIDGE
<-- is this the name for your Facebook page as well? I'd love to check you out there, as well!
Going to see Harry Potter at 3:00am tomorrow morning=]
my pleasure, glad it was helpful... I went to school in Madison so their we're even fewer Republicans!
like yeah
haha its a notebook, pretty handy for laying out designs/concepts. Thanks!
My Mexican family >>>>>
you are welcome ^_^
I knew I was going to like you! RU taking notes for me? Have a great time!
Todays special! Any hot dog make a combo for 1.00 more
me gusto(: NICE!
who has the keeping secrets prompt for ap lang?!
RT: Palm Echo likes silver better anyway
Actually you know who people are saying things about? Hint: it's someone you've been tweeting up a storm about.
you are a member of the Raider Nation?! Damn, no wonder Mobile Mail is so good: Commitment to Excellence.
"In a ship detached far from superior authority, there was nothing a captain might not do..." ~C.S. Forester, Hornblower and the Atropos
My fam left to colombia. so feeling a lil blue. but happy they were here.
BALL HARD BUT CANT HOOP FOR SHIT!!!
yup...taking on the Astros of Houston
Wow Johnny
I'm hoping it's either Tony Lucca from #TeamAdam or Juliet Simms from
Ugh!!!!!:( i will so glad when school is over. I hate gettin up
Can't wait till they sell that place off....
Surprising lack of discipline from the Blues
Yeah. He is. He wants to come back by our house. We should try that as a test.
White knuckling it thru a snowstorm on the way 2 msp
RT : Sounds like Marzano gives thumbs up to inst'l coaches and questions merit pay & VAMs-wish VABOE felt same way
The weekend is here. Don't worry, we will still be working while having fun!
The things I've gotten used to living in Atlanta smh 62 degrees and I'm freezing 😭👎
yeah but memories kill sometimes, makes you sad:(
is enjoying that good feeling that comes right after shoveling snow.
Thank you for listening to my request I saw the Cinnamon Twist Challah marked kosher in the NV WF yesterday.
When the revolution comes, I hope the pundits are the first ones hogtied and thrown in the river.
swollen!! He's been hiding under the bed since....
Ordered my Droid Bionic today! Woot!
aint got time for the bullshit !
Brave heart is inspiring me haha
What the heck happened to twitter? Don't know if I like this new look!
Thanks, Tiffany! RT I love the pemco commercials. they make me laugh. "4 way stop. you go No you go No you go guy."
Yes, your 212 prepaid telephone number is portable to almost any carrier.
Seguindo de volta
sisi ma petite... Keep the flame alive.
Praise god Van crouch thanks for following me god bless you and your family :D
i need to buy your new album so im gonna try this weekend! Im dieing of anxiousness from waiting! :D
Well alright, then.
People are always buying beauty products to get rid of their crow's feet, but nobody ever congratulates the crow on his feats of strength.
That looks slightly disgusting. Did you try some?
You got it man!
Finished the last season of The West Wing. Afraid I'll never heard anyone say, "Yeah," ever again.
dude is the real life Jack Parkman
Likewise! Thanks for coming over and introducing yourself!
It's hard out there in the dating world. You get rejected, you get laughed at, you get talked about behind your back. Does that make onli
ugh I'm sorry :( I think all family's have that. atleast i kno mine is
After you tax return next spring? I'll be waiting with baited breath.
Very excited about what's going up in our etsy store over the next week!
are you ready to tinychat with me now?
Science is better than P.E.
thanks for the RT.
I wonder who showed you that;)
#icc2012 workshop attendees! Able to drive an international visitor to the UA area after the morning session? Please come to the reg desk!
Off to catch a movie :)
you have a new phone! :-)
brother. Cousin. RO. MISSING OUT!
Right?!? Hahaha (: i understand
how are you?:)
I think wants us to review his patch, not tweet about it...
This is my last tweet i promise! Iloveyou so much Kendall. Can you see this? You're my coverboy/worldwide guy!
Free business counseling is also available! Contact us 317-917-3266 or visit our office, Chase Tower 24th floor in the Develop Indy office.
are too
Girls on the bus talking about 1D again. They really bugged me. They can't say Zayn right, they had to ask "which one" Niall was, said LEWIS
when is this business going down?
What do you think about this? Watch Lady Gaga's Full Interview
i would listen to some and tell you :P
they actually don't have that down here, and the only Les Mills programs they have...Pump just started Attack launches in January
That dude from 8 mile look like Chris Brown
I wish I had Chelseas dad
So... how'd it go? RT: : Taking my very first improv class at tonight!
no no more of a bon fire...music is the fuel!!
why do people make those edits? I'm still crying omg
Yes!!I'm doing what I love. So am I being stupid when I say, "i feel like a dork that says to much & im a bit pathetic?" ~~~sigh~~~
every song is good. Great mixtape
Tim Macarver or Ron Darling?
Done with all of my final review guides. I might just be the happiest girl alive right now \m/
I just don't know-.- I'm currently on my way home.
break legs! Hope u get it! :)
All we got it memories , so #wtf is time ..?
Hate waiting: for agents with fulls and partials; the proof copy of my novel from CreateSpace; rain and cooler weather in Austin.
aye I meant to put It's just not in my blood .
let's go! now.
I have updated my avi in honor of one of the greatest men to ever walk the earth, Hillbilly Jim.
Aaron Cornfeld made an interesting point about Oracle Engineered Systems. The all-in-one system leaves customers with "One throat to choke."
I knew it was going to be a good day! I discovered $17.00 in my coat pocket. Thank you colder weather!
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities.Aldous Huxley
is tweeting for the first time
dailies watching at tonight's meeting (plus a guest speaker)!!!
Proof there are too many lawyers in the world: the Super Lawyer ad supplement in NYTimes mag is thicker than the magazine itself.
RT : The People's Library is again open at #LibertyPlaza. 1000 people here now & staying all night. Happy anniversary #OWS!
See you at the Volunteer meeting tonight 6-7 pm at ArtWalk Headquarters 119 Washington!
<------- guess who is going to be at Mutt Strutt tomorrow?? Sensei Steve!! Stop by the booth to say "Hi!" & sign up!!
Korn. Thursday, March 1st at in Phoenix, AZ!!!! I can't wait to see them again!!!!
When u get somethin u ask for, then u remember the sayin "be careful what u ask for"
I'm glad I realized my shirt was on backwards before I left the house
Kim wins and loose !!!
I don't know who's worse... Rondo fans or Lebron fans...
bottom line: we're the champs, the bigger program & dominate the series so we're not deferring to the little guys on the sched
I should have gone to that seminar on restoring old photographs at last year's Photoshop World...
Damn Beale line to damn long
Hey you have a safe and fun week end, and a safe trip.
Happy and excited to be aboard!
np! joined as soon as I saw the hangout. Wonder if there was a glitch with google; how long after u started it did i join?
im never gonna meet you. so why live. un fact... im gonna go kill myself.
ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it? P.s I love you. From amber x
we can arrange something I'm gone be in rotation around the city anyway....
Breeders Cup Dirt Mile. 1/5 exacta box The Factor and Wilburn
What do you think about the new Avacyn Restored spoilers? I think the miracle concept is an interesting one.. we will have to see!
#100inningbaseball game today. Then #NCCAmarchmadness. It's gonna be a
where are you going?
Thanx for the kind words and follow.
We shot Vegan 101 series Season 2 with Eric Roberts today!! Stay tuned....
Happy Valentine's Day tweeters <3
I bought the Beatles MONO Box set today. I think this is the best way to listen when wearing headphones/earbuds. Stereo didn't sound right
You know your a nerd whose been in the zone a while when all suddenly you realize that odd feeling is hunger and you've forgotten to eat.
Sylvia Robinson~ Some think its holding on that makes one strong sometimes its letting go.
Hi-Line Mercedes in Orange is the best repair shop!!
80 degrees in our apartment with the AC on and windows open and it's only 70 outside!
2mrw is r 1st AAU game of the year. We'll focus on effort and get better as we go. I like the character of this group. I kno they will WORK!
HAPPY CANADA DAY HAPPY CANADA DAY HAPPY CANADA DAY HAPPY CANADA DAY
Heading to Ikea with the fam. Wish there was one closer, but it is a lovely day for a drive
"my dad was the expert fly killer in tep"
weird weekend, back to music on Monday morning! i have to say i enjoy my profession!
A 7am army of grass blowers hits downtown hillsboro all firing up in unison... Like no one actually lives here
We appreciate your mention!
BREAKING: Carmelo has nominated himself to be player-coach of knicks.
Happy National High 5 Day!!! The next person you see offer up one.
u said Ms Butler
-if u let me push u away then ask u to stay.. lol, you're just as confused as i, lmbo.. in the end we have each other; eff everybody else..
yeah I'm just starting to use it..
THE THOUGHT PROCESS IM AT NOBODY HAS MY BACC
attribution? Credit? You must be joking... Why would Apple ever want me to do such things?
hoq about "levels" by avicii?? That would be great, love ur show!
Thankyou for creating Big Time Radio!!!!!!
Kloppenburg has a 224 vote lead for now - but there are still 3 areas left.
all over, i got a good amount on stand by ready to get done... aha
Great to meet you too Jade! Great job today :)
Need more time? Take 2 days and keep track of how you spend your time. You'll find you have nearly twice as much downtime as you think!
You probably all know one person who needs to know about STOP THE BAN who doesn't yet. Tell that person and then tweet about it!
#Fela is a great play so far I'm loving the energy and music
which... I WILL need to get a new one soon. Mine sort of sounds like a cement mixer ;)
Vagaina jokes aren't funny. Period.
If there's a better #studystrong break than a reuben on the terrace, please let me know
Someone on Facebook needs to develop a "Places I'd Never Visit" app. There's a lot of places I'd prefer only to see on the Amazing Race.
It feels good being happy. Should have tried this a long time ago
It is fucking hot!
Go get 'em today
Congratulations to the San Diego Chargers on a huge week 3 win! It wasn't pretty, but it's still a W, and that's what counts!
Toshiba Set to Excite the Tablet Market with New 10-, 13- and 7.7-Inch Tablets - MarketWatch (press release)
Yep. Glen made me cry.
Get your LAST KINGS snapback on shopsnapback.bigcartel.com VERY CHEAP x
SexTip: Run an ice cube over your lover's body while it melts before sex! They'll get the chills, and then you can warm them up.
hi baby <3
how did they do? ehh idk haha im obsessed with top guns music!<33 i have it on repeat while im doing my hw haha
Happy Saturday- teaching a workshop at at 11am!!! See y'all there!
IT'S ABOUT ACCESS PEOPLE! I know Dr. King was a visionary romantic, but that was him, no?????
Yep, shutting it down. And you are welcome. It's been fun!
Just made my first commit at my new job. And of course it is a data-modifying sql script.
To our followers, sorry we have been so quiet the past few days. The whole team is moving on meetings, features, next steps. Stay tuned!
only some of the time. Occasionally the flat-earthers take over.
Had a great time today seeing my nephew and niece and tons of extended family members in Sussex.
I saw it, tagged it too.
LOVE YOU :)
Some days, a little thing can make a big difference. What will yours be today?
I ain't tryin to go to no lame ass party
hey, nice work! Congratulations.
About To Get Ready For Work Later TWEEPS>>>>>>>
What you know about Scarlett's? And no, I don't mean Johansson...
haha but I would only be like a little bit. Shit I need you here and valerie I only have 2 friends here
Am now less reluctant to board the #JessicaChastain train #thedebt still don't think i'll watch #thehelp though
is too busy playing words with friends to find a castle, that's what castle wranglers are for.
There are now 6 states that support gay marriage.
Hey! How are you? How's Aunty Sukai and Nene
Dobson's offers Sleepy Hollow Chardonnay.
its like a funnel cake donut or something its wonderful
people still angry following the passage of the Mining bill in the Assembly last night. I spoke to both sides today. Todd Hicks TODAY'S TMJ4
hell yea smh loaded then a hoe....no where to go ugh ugh siiiiiccck lmmfao
does anyone read this stuff? and why? seriously , why?
gotta love a job where hillary clinton rolls into the cafeteria, picks up a tray and gets in line
Glad you like it. Be sure to keep checking.. ya know.. just in case you forget!
A love story isn't a love story without the part where everything falls apart right?
That's totally an CD right behind you.... buy #AllTheWay !!!!
hey Andrew? Want to be my best friend? *no gum* I dont like you. - haha, happens to me a lot.
Remember to follow to stay up to date on the latest info
I second that!
Good luck Bea! You'll do a great job as always.
Don't leave home without one! -
This is actually a very bad practice. Google will blacklist your site for doing this. Content is King!
thanks for the recommendation, much appreciated :)
": I think I'm going to keep to myself for a little while.... I just don't get it!!!!" I keep to myself too, its healing :)
Got a Christmas tree yet, if not check out the Family Tree Farm on Pepper Dr. in El Cajon where you can pick a tree and cut it down yourself
We are you best friend until you cross us.
Happy Birthday guurrrrll. May Chris&Cena come to u in ur dreams tonight&don't forget to share the dirty details in the a.m. lol
Thanks bro. It was alot of fun and adrenaline. :) RT : congrats bro!! I heard u killed it!
Just fried 10 pieces of coney island chicken, I'm not sharing one piece
If service is the rent you pay for your existence on this earth, are you behind in your rent? Robert G Allen
Popular #Lilwayne #Liltwist .. love that song
DEF a coffee day
RT : If you'd like to join as they expand then email join(at)indysm(dot)org
I love HP so much.
And is that a smile? Haha :)
I love you momma :)
neat! never knew that. Thanks!
Yo mama so ugly when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillence cameras.
AUSTIN SO MANY PEOPLE AT MY SCHOOL KNOW ABOUT YOU NOW CUZ ME AND MY FRIENDS FANGIRL AL DAY <,3333
1/2 way through production. Day 3 starts today in Brooklyn.
love always
I'm very well! I'm originally form Melbourne, Australia but now I live in LA
Happy Birthday to me!
I hope is following because she is truly his biggest fan!
I also have a pick em league going if your intrested
Hahaha! In some ways. But I appreciate the sentiment.
Chuck E Cheese was awesome! #NeverGrowUp #Yee!
“: Oh MadMen #sogood” Pete Campbell?
RANGERS WIN RANGERS WIN RANGERS WIN! 3-2 series lets go boys
you are the best haha
Ever have those days when your glad no one is bothering you then you realize you put your phone on silent.
Where is the other'w' in #downtonabbey?
my bb is having problems also - randomly receiving email
hey! What are you up to tonight?
That milk commercial was very, very weird...
when you've got cable, netflix, hulu, and blueray disks and still can't find anything to watch .. shoot yourself (myself) in the face
Earth day is today and to tell the truth I forgot. Sorry earth
Correction* Who's not excited!
S/O to my boys and the NPU baseball team at the national tourney!!! GO GET IT FELLAS!
Eric Church! He's the shit!
Well... when it comes to my computer I definitely have OCD.
I wonder who wrote it? :)
Praying for a young lady named Stacy who is getting married this Friday. Her dad is stranded in Germany due to recent volcano.
*Incoming before the fake bands breaking up statuses on April Fools*
Safe travels... :)
You are very welcome! You wear it well!
Today we look at Delta's announcement it will buy an oil refinery, paying $150 million for a Conoco-Phillips refinery outside Philly
Saw 3 clients today; leaky windows. Check caulk around the outside of windows, should be continuous and smooth, no cracks or sinking in.
Have no idea why I'm still up... Goodnight!
i need to win the lottery
It seems that Twitter has become all about pitching something. Can't you just tell me what you're doing? I'm drinking beer.
My hearts goes out to 's family- R.i.P. <3
When your Bestfriend doesn't want to listen to you , & finds out the hard way..<\3
I can't wait! However, I'm grocery shopping at the moment:-(
I personally would like to do it myself
I'm sarcastic like that
I think I wanna go to bed now *yaaawwwnnnn*.
Any word on the sale of the Elk's property?
you watch Scripps too? I thought I was the only nerd left watching it :-o
Stay Tuned! I will be making an announcement on Saturday!
Your Welcome Enjoy Your Day 💗😊
Hey there, Social Fresh. I know we chatted before about and you sent over an email address I should reach out to.
AND THIS DOG STILL SHAKING!!! HAVING BAD DREAMS AND SHIT... SHE GOTSS TO GO!!! LLS.
So, this girl She seems pretty fucking amazing.
Thanks Eli...being sick stinks !
RT : a friend is bringing over some awesome for lunch today, paired with the tomato soup i made last night *yum*!
It was fabulous. Congrats to you all!
I'll guess RT Two hours until tournament registrations open. Anyone staying up until the clock strikes midnight?
16 oz. of red bull, 2 small coffees, 1 medium coffee and it's only 5 pm. Can I get a "Lets Go!"?
Good morning young world, let's do this
How'd you know that I wasn't feeling all that young-prolly has me appreciiating "innocence"-no guile, no strategy, just experience
obviously too close, I have a huge headache from itch and him.
you are probably going to want to clear your schedule
I will work on replenishing the stock.
I'm sure we know what kind of "massage" you are getting :P *wink,wink*
And no, not "when you get stuck between the moon and New York City" drunk Dudley Moore...Arthur the Advark.
Huzzah! I'm heading to the UP this summer - very excited.
thanks sending content.
i know, right?!?! so darn hot haha
Barkley picked the pacers in 6.. At this point he just trying to upset #heat fans. I hope nobody follows his game ... Guy is a clown
At the gym..... The stairMaster is no joke.... wow!!!!
please keep it to yourself
RIP Steve Jobs :'( <3 <3 You gave me this computer :((( RIP
I love classic rock radio. It gives me warm fuzzies.
I take my #ShirtOff and all the hoes stop breathing!
evidence? Please, save your rhetoric for someone that cares. for #President to
In one year I'll be looking for a new home in Los Angeles.
TODAY I will not be the last to work and tweet, Facebook, myspace, Gchat and eharmonize my whole shift. I'll be gambling instead.
I just love the smell of the air when it rains... <3
same here in Indiana!
Yes we do!!! Its been way to long! How you been Mr. Celebrity =)
Going to walk this heathen dog to the dog park in a few...
I just found #StarWars headphones for $40 at Hot Topic. I should buy me a pair. You want one?
Finna watch shark night
Gonna see 😊
My daughter Emma read her 200th book last night...this year! So proud of my kindergartner! Just last August, she couldn't read!
hey Sam it's Alex from this boy that girl. U told me to hit u on twitter. Follow me so I can DM u. Wanna show u some work
RT : Heading to Chicago tomorrow. Where to eat?? Send me your lunch/dinner recommendations! Boka on Halsted
Miss my bro already!
Only 15 more days until Beer Christmas
Be like and get your twitter mobile. Once you've got it on your phone you'll find it much easier to incorporate into daily.
they are the ones who called me unpatriotic when I asked if the govt was lying. they get the govt they deserve.
YES, GO FOR THE CRAZY COLOR! #FRESH LOL #DONTLISTEN2ME HA'
make my beats fuk wit em
Totally captivated by the almost full moon tonight. It's making me a little antsy like i should be doing more than i am now.
I don't want too! I had that yesterday! :p
“: have a question you want to ask lynne on air? call us with all the deets....800.537.5252”
F.I.N.A.L.S. - Fuck I Never Actually Learned Shit
hey u
Coffee and Advil for breakfast. But at least I'm sketching.
I'm fine. A DUMB injury! Major toe jam in a soccer game. Didn't break but was quite swollen &have only been biking since
God can use the broken.
That show is the truth though.
7.2 aftershock. That's not an aftershock. That's another earthquake. At least this one was only about a minute.
RIP Dick Clark - today we lost a legend, a force in the entertainment industry, and a real class act.
To all Humans v Zombies survivors and über Zombies, your t-shirts will be waiting when you get back after Winter Break. Sorry for the delay!
I must admit that this is the best has ever looked
So, hypothetically speaking, if I could go to Alpine would anyone be willing to lend me a floor for two nights?
Question of day? NBA champ will be __________!
Hardy har har. Says the one that was in college for 7 1/2 years
Visit us for lunch today and try a few of our lunch time favs like our Arturo’s Cheeseburger w/smoked bacon and grilled onions.
good how are you!haha
I think the bills take a big step this year
Not trying to say it's not real.
This game wasn't an Estrada problem. This was a capitalization on opportunities the last 3 innings issue
Ocean water from sonic <3
girl get outta here yours are fine
yes we will bro for sure
That's more than 20,000 thoroughbred race horses who end up on dinner plates each year.
Reagan Jr. : There is no such thing as gay marriage. There is marriage, and there is a debate as to whether everyone gets to participate.
im glad you been good hun!! i missed talking to you!! i been GREAT
ah you see what I did there, huh? I will let you know! Thanks
You are amazing. So beautiful and talented. Never give up hope. You are beautiful just the way you are.
Now screening music. If u want a chance to hear ur music on #ForTheLoveOfMusicATL live radio in ATL, email MP3 to
has that smile that can make me smile no matter what mood I'm in . <3
thanks so much for welcoming us!!! I had an amazing time in Japan! Excited to be back soon!!! Also, JR has the wifi deposit!
lets go stalk snooki guys!
if d first number is a 3. Yes
thank you so much
I actually feel guilty that I've never made a bucket list and have decided to just go with the flow instead.
Never invite them in.. no matter who "them" is.. just don't do it.
Safe trip back!
Hope you have a great time though!!!! <3
Mall tonight, hmu for plans(;
I need sleep!
Follow me Austin? It would mean so much to get a follow from you. ♥
A novel should not attempt to define meaning, but to convey it through the story - and that is what Indigo Tree saw in the novel BUZZ
VETransfer has stickers!
Keep it simple
Persona definitions: thwarted! Now on to more pleasing tasks, like actually MAKING some thangs.
Steve Whitehead's made more power moves in his connectionselections that other RapTV Members should crosslink with
Thanks! Grrrrr right back at ya! Hows your evening?
Go Celtics.... Go Ray!
Nah. Dead Ass. I'm MAD.
Don't call my house telemarketers. I charge for surveys.
Guys with trucks >>>>>>
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Santa Anna!
Hey there!!! Coming to hang out with you all. How are you?
I hope Porcello goes deep in the 1st game tomorrow so the bullpen isnt spent. saves bullpens for a living.
Drake&Josh #Flow lmao
Definitely #RT socialmedia content. I keep Kosher; no use for
fly the highest mountain.
ha that's hilarious! Why not just punch them in the face??
Long trip had its perks. Spent the weekend in the DC area visiting friends and had a chance to dine with our colleagues in Bethesda!
yes, with one of the Ramones
Day0 out of the way.. Let's go GDC
My biggest pet peeve is waiting on someone else. It makes me feel like the other person thinks 'time' is more important than mine
I'm going to have to go with Dr. Johnny Fever on WKRP in Cincinnati
DO OR DIE/PSYCHO MUSIC VIDEO PREMIERE TONIGHT!
Stop by & see me at #alamw12. I have swag for the new PBS show Great #Libraries of the World. Booth
And as always, we're late.
What I love about Texas: Torrential storms one hour, beautiful sunset the next.
Like, you know, whatever
Yes, yes i am dating Drew McArtor.
You bet, nice to "meet" you!
haaha, we are on the 4th Q as well :D which day does your school end?? :]]
Business planning today... setting goals for a terrific 2012. New Theme: Emergency Readiness. Organizing for and emergency. Would u b ready?
*sings* WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS MY FRIENDS!!!!
Just saw one awful executive at one of my ex-companies give a glowing review of an equally awful former executive on LinkedIn.
sfnfnnsj i havent one in so long
Tool approach called meta management. Develo tools to empower others to make choices/decisions.
Where you at?! I'll come see you right now!
driving to school tommorow, fuck yes!
WAHOOOO I can't wait for this weekend! I miss you so much I could cry.
W/ a little cheese sauce to dip RT. M, I love papa john's, reminds me of home thanks for the follow
now that's true sportsmanship.
Good night
Sometimes I want to play a game of bowling containing my car and pedestrians.
The amount of security and secret service at the Four Seasons breakfast in Mexico is hilarious. And I thought DF was insulated from narcos!
bout to head out!!
some kind of iris
she is a doll
$60 for my cap and gown
Yoga pants are an amazing thing.
Come to #dcflacks so we can finally hang out? :)
gm boo
Justin Drew Bieber will u please follow me ur the sweetest guy I ever sen
in a perfect world, i would never have to request a hotel receipt
Joe Nathan signs with Rangers
Awesome show.
we are excited you're excited!
ROFLOL!! It took me nearly 3 hours to figure out what you wrote! =D Welcome to Twitter!
Burn that fat fast! Climb stairs for over an hour...burns over 1,000 calories!
yes, I meant: onomatopoeia. I would have lost the spelling bee.
you only say that cause I can't prove it lol. How typical. I should of took a screenshot
Thinking I should work the whole day but I just don't see that happening
awkward i thought he had the flu.....
I bet it's very attractive =)
SPRING BREAK. Though I did get the past 6 months off . . .
After practicing tenths and fingered octaves, my left ring finger, like my left pinky, is now freakishly longer than my right
Say round let me hit you right back Boosie trail start na yeah I pray he bounce back #FreeBoosie #PrayforBoosie Boosie coming home zoom zoom
SEA's proximity to salt water is one reason why it's cooler than pdx. To say its "more inland" therefore warmer? Bad logic
I'm good.... How u doin... Saw u was goin off earlier... Glad I followed u back ASAP!!
#IfWomenDidNotExist ............ Don't ask don't tell
I'm about to go check out our reception venue, Deep Ellum Brewing Co.
…until to look at a book on a shelf is no longer to see it as a dumb object, but to hear again the ways it wrecked and restored me.
UM YES.
You be driving 20 mi/hr down the entire street!
Rangers-Kings should get good tv ratings. Maybe Elisha Cuthbert and Alyssa Milano will get gangbanged by each team.
Gonna watch a movie by myself!:/
You rock! thanks!
Pure exhaustion.
they are building one of those in Philly right now, lucky us.
For anyone who loves Chloe, Tsumori Chisato, 4 day smple sale "The Bar Code", Pier 3 in SF. For more info/R.S.V.P., go to shopthebarcode.com
any common video - perhaps khan academy is best example
#shitnoonesays Ben doesn't have the most swag in the world
That's ridiculous. Get over it.
sit these cakes on yo face
Preparing for this music exam is a BITCH
Ah no you know I love you girl :-*
happy birthday! (:
i think that the majority of event planners could/would not convert to event design. lack of interest & skill are main reasons
I feel like I annoy people cause I can't be happy/hyper all the time. I try, but I can't control it. My mind forces me to be sad.
nine years ago next week.
I agree with your mom. #DarkShadows . Might be fun if it wasn't so different from the show
Did you know the Cultural Center offers private music lessons? For more information please call 941-625-4175 ext. 223
Congrats Omaha Marian & Gretna for winning state titles in girls soccer! #KETV #Marian,
That's great - it's true, well then you keep me posted on where da party ends up!
so am i! i'm watching clueless, its so god
on days like this I have to thank god for amel larrieux
Shoutouts To My New Followers !
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
knowing you're good enough but you can't get what you want because you don't know the right people is worse.
I saw the vampire diaries and secret circle today...
Charter Communications, fuck you, fuck you very much.
CHI TOWN LOL
Bruins game! Do or die time... Don't let me down boys!
I'll be at the Social Analytics Summit later today. Who'll be there? And is there a hashtag?
One must wonder: has no one ever informed Zach Galifianakis of eyebrow waxing?
Plan for tomorrow. Run, break in new hikers, some archery and maybe a ride on Blue Bonnet my Trek madone.
Hey #spacetweeps #NASATweetup #NASASocial & are 2 of the people helping to make history Saturday morning.
thanks for the follow! hope you are getting excited for the release of the clothing line :)
Good point, I really like Woodson maybe he can make a difference. We will see
When do you leave?
Super cute!
thank you! I def need it! Lol I'm so ready to move!
America is back to lynching... Via the Govn MSM,, Zimmerman will be lynched
Just got the new cappuccino coolata from dd. I think they made it wrong, is it supposed to taste like asphalt tar?
Thanks ! Nice to meet you too!
Wedding day is considered to be the happiest day of many people's lives. It also ranks as one of the most STRESSFUL day. Let us take it
investigating him for potential child porn charges.
beautiful pic, hun. u r so pretty. ;P
Get you love dedications in for #KBTS "Kissing Between The Sheets" from 10p-Mid on Kiss 97.3 here or
What sucky movie would have been improved with the use of trampolines?
But you would have a great story to tell with either one
friends can secure tickets via fairfaxchoralsociety.org. Our best from FCS!
you're welcome;)
Yo what's up bro!
had fun at the UAB shoot. did u make it to the republican gathering and make it back out still sentient?
You know you are redneck when your at a bridle shower and your family gets a tent wrapped in Christmas wrapping paper..
Yeah the power saver just came on. My phone is hella lame b
The road to happiness should be taken with ur best friend at ur side ( ) <33:DD
just when you think something could get worse, it does.
The only thing that can cut through beard is a roundhouse kick to the face by Chuck Norris.
Samardzija squeeze bunt
Aww, you're such a good son. Xoxoxo
Now just a statistic for the government
A wise man keeps secrets in his heart a foolish man tells tales.
Happy Easter Everyone! Hope y'all have a great day!
What book should I read next?
Work ... my favorite place in the world
Tap and Mallet tonight for post dinner drinking. Come on down
“: Hey , ignore all those guys and thanks for my awesomely termed mortgage! #seamayday #whitepeople” Truth
Whats Your Favorite Color.?
I am gonna be up all night
My birthday is may 5 yay Team Taurus!!!!!
I sometimes think only subscribes to a 'bully pulpit' form of religion to justify his politics. It's sad.
pryor did get punished,he was left out of the original draft.lost out on millions,and this was 2 extreme
I shook my head so much is damn near fallin off...n where's my nana split
Enjoying the Austi weather today? I sure am!
god is going to make everything better.
All I need is one maschine to fuck niggas up!
Got u Bro!
Polish those twinkle-toes!
Somebody is gonna fool around and get saved at this funeral. Incredible. Real. Awesome.
That awkward moment when you're stomach growls and the class is dead quiet .____.
Sam Dekker for three! ONIONS!
“: #MentionTo someone who always looks young.”if by "young" you mean beautiful. Me" hahaha
what up miss annie?! look at you being all cool and hip ;)
lol really? I didn't know u went to Kazley!
Chorus of Weird Al-esque Parody Restaurant Theme for Today: "I know all their is to know about Frying Game"
Well no RG3 or
Lesson learned on #boardwalkempire finale: Don't become too attached to any particular character. Nobody is safe.
Yeah. Probably got to courts at like 2:45 and got back to Truman around 8:30. The match started at 4. Crazy
Cowboys cheerleading this morning!! Then rec soccer in fairview
Thanks for the $10
I hope i can. Im trying the best. I really want to go. you know what sucks.... My dad took $20 to go to a garage sale.
I like when I'm thinking of you nd I get a "hey" oh it makes me feel better that you were thinking about me<3
I swear theres nothing innocent in these eyes.
i can't contain it.
Yeah, just as he ran into my room, aiming for under the bed. He was pretty pissed when I grabbed him by his tail.
B-ATRIS, Great job! Music sounds good!!
In Tallahassee for Florida Book Awards festivities. Starting with lunch at the Governor's Mansion.
Try to call back for jury duty as instructed. Phones been busy for 5 min. Yes, I said busy as in busy signal. Srsly.
so yea y is mr. cena posting pics of his body on here. I thought only molesters do that
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!114
We've got 320x480 resolutions for the New Year :)
Mike Miller is more important than I thought.
I almost got some at UDF...but chose peanut butter crackers instead LOL
That Trentonian.com article was absurd, completely lacking facts and information. I think the writer is just bitter.
re: your recent inquiry: slowly.
And and saw first hand how I handle my business on the mic. #swagger #performance art
I still can't believe my cuzzin died, I'm weak but God your still good..:-(
I think the #drupal module, Fitvids is my new favorite, it scales videos elegantly for responsive design with virtually zero config.
he ain't in the closet
Hello sunshine- thanks for coming back today! Happy Monday and wake up with the
Tribe is on fire!
RT : If you don't know what really matters to you, you're teaching those around you that nothing matters at all.
Nephew really jus fell asleep tho
WOW!!!What a night after this night I need a or ,so 
No, but if the space were a little bigger I'd suggest a cash mob there!!
Thanks, Colin. Means a lot. Efforts of a much bigger team (agency and client).
#OutoftheLoop fertilizers: pride, shame and unforgiveness
Me too! T : I would have liked to have been consulted
Welcome! Sorry we couldn't arrange better weather for you.
The name of the game is adaptation. But you have to start today to adapt to tomorrow.
That banana bread baking is an affliction.
can't wait till tomorrow #atlanticcity with the best friends lml!!!!!!!!
Happy Easter to all my Followers. Have a blessed day
Wounds will heal but the scars will stay and be a constant reminder of you.
Thank you! Have a great weekend.
+1 especially sunday! RT : You can have the Super Bowl. I'll take The #Masters any day of the week!
IDGAF Lakers won't get past OKC.. but Artest could still get it # I love crazy niggas!
Space tonight! Can't wait to dance with Molly 😝💊
chillin man. Sorry we could have a session this weekend. But the weekend after next we deff should
"the confidential room"...eep.
You should take your comedy show on the road.
Happy Star Wars Day, everybody!
Anyone else using the Google Voice Search app on their iPhone? Pretty cool!
Working on marketing on Face Book and Twitter!
I suppose no one would be interested in some T-shirts featuring my old Spirograph doodles, would they? Oh well. :-p
RT " WERE OFFICIALLY NUMBER1!!!!!! THANK YOU EVERYONE!!!!!! #RIPNUM1" Congrats!! Keep the awesome music comin!!
When I first heard voice I believe I cried !!!! Lol
Eventually! I wann tour so bad!
you should get a camera thing and join in the eye candy!
So exciting! I know who my fav is! <3
What? Awesome. RT : Just met Georgio Armani at the soho apple store. Random. Cool.
I'll have to go and try it sometime!
a new xbox and I bought my dad a bluray player
Happy race weekend!!!!
"Business is in itself a power." - Garet Garrett.
Smile, you deserve it :D
Leap and the net will appear. Might sound corny but it's also true! Sometimes you have to step out on faith.
Im so awesome Im going to start cooking earlier so i can be lazy as shit on thurs lol
We have a goal, to gather as many TEDDY BEAR stories as we can - please share it right from the heart, either here... fb.me/y3FoxK0j
Thank you, Charleene!
Who says bassplayers lives are not "exciting"?....try living mine for a day or two!..I need 26 hrs a day!
"Let's see a mosh pit! for TRIVIUM!"<Cameras rake across the apathetic crowd as Trivium takes the stage>
follow back please:)
Thanks to all the kids at work who called for me trying to win lunch w/ Nice try guys!
I do the very best I can to look upon life with optimism and hope and looking forward to a better day. Rosa Parks
no me gusta
thanks so kind and thoughtful of you!
For my first act of being done w/ grad school, I will bake lots and lots of cookies.
Acknowledge the body's ability to heal itself. Regular Reiki treatments w/ your current medical protocol can provide great health benefits!
I hate walking all the way to Freddie's for my check then all the way back home.
listening to the ESPN analysts reading tweets are hilarious
Check out our nightlife list: /colsnightlife
Is there anything better than Bruegger's Hazelnut coffee in the morning? I think not.
did you get new glasses?
HAHAHA. I THOUGHT YOU HATED Rugby. AND ZP IS AN IDIOT FOR BETTING
so what about shepherds and elders then? Having said that there probably r 2 many folks trying to make a living off the church.
Can't wait to enter my 2nd year at spelman
I was! I saw your book for auction, so were you there? It was a really neat event. I look forward to the next one.
I'm trying to get back out to San Diego!
probably nothing
my hearts a stereo it beats for you so listen close!
"Re-rise of apprenticeship is upon us. Co-creation rules." Also brilliant.
Catch me briefly in tonight's Shahs of Sunset on Bravo. xo
For those of you who I will be seeing later today: I think I'm coming down with the cold. Hug me at your own risk.
good morning Leon!
congratulations! you deserve a good rest now :)
Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.
You may not always end up where you thought you were going, But you will always end up where you were meant to be.
“ Once a #Sagittarius sets a goal, they uses all their fiery strength to accomplish that goal.”
I wonder what Wilson from Home Improvement is up to these days. I haven't partially seen him in anything lately.
it better be Patron
ha. The solar panels have always been there. You really have not been to Raleigh in a long time.
I bet if people judged you just by what you put on they would think you are a morbidly obese interior designer.
can't wait to hangout with some of my very favorite people tonight!!!
but in all seriousness manga is great.
Woah well I did both.
My first internal, department wide presentation on Friday :) RE: Tracking projects with #SmartSheet = Sweet!
“: I cant wait until our varsity year !” football?
aww!! that's adorable! what a brave lil chick-a-dee! he got t pet it a little n everything =)))
She All Drunk 🍺🍻 ; After The Club , She On My Heels 👠 , High Up & Fucking With Pills 💊 !
nothing gets you more pumped up than nickel back. Everyone know that
So excited to share that Amber's Earth products will soon be available at Tallulah's Folly in Old Town!
We have a sub in geometry god bless everything 🙏🙏
RT : People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. << No Lie ~ Enjoy your #life. :-)
Word. I feel heartbroken.
I had a dream, that couldn't stop hugging me at the dollar store :P
TONIGHT Canada Christ, Kids of the Universe, Patty Bates $8. Tweeter Tuesday password is I SHIT MY PANTS. You have to really sell it!
On the menu tonight: quail with fava beans, cipollini onion and morel mushrooms. Also, Happy Hour from 5:30 to 7:00 in the bar!
President Obama should do whatever Michael Moore asks.
BITCH! I invented the damn games. You can't fool me!
Ladies and gentlemen, Paco Fimbres, MD“: During the Fenty years, MOCRS were used as the muscular system, under Mayor Gray ONE
he was nice.
Because it's not really process they're worried abt, but ideological outcomes?
Ponyboy is having a great hair day! :D
Haterism is a plague or something????
BREAKING: Newark High School is on a TWO HOUR DELAY this morning due to a bomb threat.
theres one part of the video you last posted on wearestoopkid where you look like you want to murder Ariana... at 2:32
your face= flawless.
Ron Swonson at 's anniversary party! Fabulous combo.
sure dude! Me and the band are playing in Austin Thursday night.
Creepy old guy staring at me at the dentist.
Happy New Year!!!!!!
I hope its nice tomorrow:)
Every song on at malls all across America sound like offspring of John Mayer and Gavin Drgraw
I'm sorry my happiness is such a downer to you, but I don't give a shit. I haven't felt like this in ages so get the fuck over it.
I sure did barely survive !!
I live in South Bend IN and it is VERY foggy. Starting to lift some but its still slow going out there blessings 2 U
Khuram's brother is hip as shit doe
legit makes me feel smarter.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Southbound I35 at Cabela
In livelier internal discussion, I started as a volunteer for the Seattle Aquarium's library today.
": North Carolina... I'm sorry, but you're up for elimination." Oh. So. True.
Wow your new music player is whack..love listening to 2 songs at the same time
You know, it'll be tomorrow.
Trying to get back in the promotion and booking game. Kind of dislike that some of the band pages on FB require a "like" to listen, tho lol
Chillin on the beach with great brews and tunes and greens
Happy new yrs. I want incriminating picture from everyone! Lol ;)
The Congressional Committee discussing the land dispute between CN and PA has a report, it will be discussed in whole during the session.
. I requested #dhdebates for Oxy library. In the hour between its cataloging and my trip to new book shelf, it was nabbed!
Burn In MotherFucking Hell !
i am all for conversations, but you need to have a message- Renee Blodgett
you looked fantastic tonight! Great game!
Happy Anniversary! Sounds like you are celebrating in style
Book Review: Norwegian Cakes and Cookies - Seattle Post Intelligencer (blog)
RT : great analogy. A story needs proper care, feeding, training; and when it gets to the post success=talent+luck
I'm thrilled to see #PulpFiction trending. If you need a good read, check out the screenplay & let it rock your world.
They have a lot of tourists in the summer, plus it is a fishing town. I'll see what I can find out for you. :)
great paper! i've been waiting for someone to say something intelligent about vampire weekend
When your neighbors think it is ok to start outside projects early in the morning
Village Pour House near Astor Place? During Knicks game. ;) Congrats Andi. Im in NYC but I'll be w/ u guys in sprit(s)
CM Wesson: toughest thing in govt is transition. You've made it easy
thanks! so far, so good with Zotero
If you got a problem with me sit down at the table and explain yo case.... but dont take it to the public like you gone clown this nigga
Famous Dave's with
D3 extending Monday morning good luck wishes to the following candidates: A.I., N.H. as well as I.R. and M.C.!
GOP seem to care a lot about religion, but don't know candidates' religions accurately.
Trill is trill .
We'll talk about proposed legislation to expand access to abortions in California
I just want things to be better.. please? I'm sorry.. I love you.
One week til Valentine's Day!!! Are you ready, guys?
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. ~Wayne Gretzky
Real Niggah Wit Swag
remember when we used to play basketball for SJJC 😁🏀😉❤🏀
Best friend left me </3
I'm disgusted right now. Worked hard and put time in to make a good package & it'll need air cuz of a stupid tech glitch &.........
Sunday evening Over Easy gets me jazzed. Real jazzed.
Its freaky Friday lol thank the lord great week time for a relaxing weekend I'm hooping tomorrow can't wait haven't played in weeks
“: hey Bob” Lol isnt it Chicago jew??
Probably better that way.
Erden's statement dunk says, "Ouch." Go #Cavs!
Not to mention McGyver!
If its not your way, it's wrong.
Thanks for following and finding me on Twitter. How are you guys doing? Any shows coming up?
Thanks for the #FF - sorry I've been away from you - all! It's been crazy, but less than 60 days to go to CES now...
OKay so i think ive made up ma mind n imma go ahead n get ma 1st tat by dro. now i jus ta decide where imma get it at
Ohlordie! I haven't been on this bitch in forever.
Myy hats are off too ya...OAN:This little latino guy is at my house speakin spanish um dude im black !
Thunderstorms at night make me want to sleep on the floor. Pro tip: Do not sleep on the floor.
#NiceHorrorFilms I Know What You Did Last Summer, And It's Okay
lifting you guys up right now!
I'm listening to the last Oprah show at work while I finish up my tasks for the day. She's such a great role model. Viva la Oprah.
lmao how odd... demon possess you?
I Live a Hell Of a Life So Heaven Can Wait
True or False: Drinking water before (and during) exercise will lead to cramps.
do you work for small biz?
That moment when the girls from copiague start talking to the girls on my team, and mr king says "there's gunna be a rumble" LMFAO dying!
I know! I think I was temporarily possessed or something! I was slightly INVESTED in the show too. Help! RT **GASP**
WHO'S IN MY HOUSE.
It feels so good to sit down after 3 hours of standing... Only 3 more to go!!!
In order: Loud thunder, my wife, my dog, my bladder. Getting rid of them all. Who's doing the interrupting?
You need to tweet your Star Wars pics, you big dorks!
I wish there would have been time for a hugs-n-gritas visit to San Antonio!
instead of hand weights, we'd supply shawls?
The last team I witnessed "go for it" was the #mariners last season. Let's hope for better results!
If you are nervous about a change to your software, you need more (or better) tests.
Cover the 2012 Blaze the Stage Spring Invitational LA
sure, i'd love to! what time?
Tomorrow at the director of the documentary BULLY will be doing Q&A's in person at the 4:40 and 9:20pm showings! A good doc
#TeamFollowBack CHECK THE PAGE FOR THE 2 BRAND NEW SONGS!!!!!
Waking up from a nightmare minutes before the alarm goes off -_-
People say summer is a test for relationships but really its not
We were actually just down there within the last 2 weeks and venture down that way from time to time... :)
the shxt u see when u take tht walk lol
i will follow you if you follow me
Thank you for your work in the world Danny!
I hold grudges..for long periods of time
Thanks! Enjoy making the #Arugula Stuffed #Chicken dish and let us know how it turns out :)
Hi, I got a replacement I4 and need to transfer my Infinifolders license to it. i emailed Saurik a couple days ago. Can you help me?
yes. Don't touch things that aren't yours.
I think it's funny that in middle school people maid fun of me because I was white. And now in highschool, I'm a wanna be white girl. Trolol
.I love my baby niece & Brother <3 (:
Sometimes I dont understand how my feelings for a dude can just go away so quickly.
Question of identifying appropriate forum for feedback and sharing of data re #pipa #sopa. But MPAA says "this bill is going forward"
lmao that's not fair I was so faded -.- I know your name!!!
let's be real, most of those games are only played in the bathroom. so it'd make more sense just to send me free tacos for lunch
Depression is such a major drag. 😞😞
Check this out-GetMotiviated.com. Chicago seminar with Brian Tracy,Zig Zigler, Mike Ditka to name a few. Keep smiling.
#Its2012WhyYouStill using signatures on texts?
"working together to create a world-class ILS"
And that step would be?
Indeed! RT : George is thee MAN!!!! RT : Computer Games is my favorite album ever!!!
thanks Ben - you and Dan should go with me since it's all soccer related!
I need to stop worry-ing, but my mind is in overdrive :(
#nowplaying Fitz & The Tantrums radio on #pandora. Me gusta!
Can I have a DM?? Love to talk :)
just saw a grown man riding a bmx bike and smoking a black and mild.
it was my compromise with myself - you get out of bed, and you can wear a glorified blanket to work and call it an outfit.
Think I'll have another
ah, makes sense. nice. The crate makes that room.
#InMiddleSchool I lived in my borther's shadow like I bathed in it....
too late now. I'm sad. Where's Torrie, i need to wipe my tears with her boobs.
Gah! I'm SO tired! Dunno if I'll make it...lol. Got several more hours until 9 AM. ugh!
the only green limos I've seen are hybrid so far, good idea though!
Just bought a bike for cruising around Cambridge. Its rims are very… bright. :) Thanks Microsoft!
In #Chicago Loop at #IBM seminar on #ProjectZero/#sMash. Looks quite good.
Having tools gives you potential. It's up to you to use them and be consistent with them.
I love when I'm wrong sometimes.
Worst part about going down is now I have to form my own opinions about sports.
Putney tipin on his own basket gives #Temple their first basket of the second half-5 minutes in. #UMass leads 48-38 with 14 mins to play.
Is OBSESSED with Heroes
Is it bad that I want to pour water on this white kitten so he'll turn pink?
Thanks for tweets/retweets; we're adding more stories this month!
♦ Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift ✈ {link--------------
it Take time to get yourself together. But you will get there eventually
Hey there Missouri! 484 miles to go!
How long is a minute? Depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on!
RT : For what it's worth, Mario Williams spotted leaving Buffalo Medical Group office this am<Physical part of plan all along
Oh Really??
What time is it where you are?:O
thank you!
If you live in a glass house don't throw stones...big up Jr. Dread for the tribute to Peter Tosh.
A couple big items on Tues Mar 13 #Chulavista city council agenda: One is approval of taking money from city's reserves to finish 3rd Ave.
Once a bully always a bully.
Oh, cool! So nice of You! So I'll have to reformat the pic first, and save it as a small file. FB is easier! Hai Daiyya! :)
All branches and Central will be open today during their regular Saturday hours. Come on down!
RT ": Some girls don't realize what they're worth, some guys don't realize what they have..."
and I love you more than I did before
Has anyone else been on spring break this week?
lmao my mom would to she don't like me to travel really anyways
^tl Alright you Poetry Lovers it's the night you've been waiting for, VerbatiMondays. The night where you get to interact with the Poets,...
BANG BANG
I may never want to see a movie ever again.
Aww Daniel truly loves Emily
Orlando! You are beautiful.
After reading this, you will notice that the the human brain doesn't inform you that the the word "the" has been repeated twice every time."
You won't ever hear me complain about the weather, but nothing's gonna stop me from celebrating this warm snap!
HAPPY BIRTHDAAY MOM. i love you :)
I love Karinna, but if she makes me listen to any more Skrillex I'm going to stab her in the testicles.
Waiting at my dentist's office reminds me of this very important fact: Asian kids are adorbz.
Thank you for RT!
Apparently, there's a Robert E. Howard Fest in Cross Plains in June... sounds like the perfect time for a pilgrimage!
Will somebody, somewhere tweet updates of Coldwater Cyn closures? Thanks!
BASEBALL! All the excitement of football squeezed conveniently into 162 five-hour games!
oh Kenny, check my recording of Doubts. First of my songs recorded and the first with my voice if you have time. Scott J
I caved and downloaded from iTunes. It was necessary. It's so good.
I love mine but stood in line at 6am in freezing rain for 3 hours. Please post what case you get if you get one.
occupy wal ls t needs to get behind obama: our last best hope and still great leader
#youknowwhatsannoying a hangover
I'm determined to do more things by myself. Next up: taking myself out to dinner, inspired by
If I was a girl my parents would have named me Krystal.
discussing Rabbis of Antiquity: A Social Network Analysis #armt // always great when someone describes their project as whimsical!
Obama will finally take a "stand" by "rejecting" tax cuts for the wealthy; there goes SSDI. Lesson? Democracy is and always was a sham.
Stay classy. : or better yet u can die back in ur anti American hole!!!
#GetAustinToTheTop10 come on. you guys is too slow
If you always do what you've always done. You'll always get what you've always got.
Good luck!! Where are you interviewing?
Have your new years' resolutions all figured out? Yeah - neither do we.
Lundqvist with another beautiful save!!!
Tonight's #gymplaylist is gonna start off with the I Wish remix.
Good night tweeters
But why would you waste the money?!
Thanks for the love Dondy!
Just left Where else can u go and see tommy ford and angie stone all at once?!
YOU'RE A NICE KID. dont take selective hearing the wrong way.
Post Edited: Good Writing Tip #6: Conventions
#ehb2011 loved the talk on their health barometer by Edelman. Kudos.
hey, Nick thanks for the follow. Absolutely love your "fight" sculptures! Cheers!
Nigga hit the gym for 6 hours
LADY GAGA Is Dressed As A GUY!
like wise
I know, right? M A presentations...
lol was now am in houston but nyc is the best
RT : “: The more you know technically, the more you can achieve creatively.” // So good!
sort of wish we could smoke opium and drink wine from the blushful hippocrene in class today
:) and sneaky like a ninja
I think my has a spell on me cuz i cant seem to leave her alone
7-1/1 hour mark, setting up my first scene. Oh, for a giant cup of coffee ...
You are the only one I know that gets excited about his classes...
Getting ready to start the big Graduation Weekend.
First run since I got sick. Almost passed out in front of the Cannon Building.
guess i can delete the remaining episodes of Alcatraz I've yet to watch on my dvr.
He about to beat that that golden gloves fighting style ass fag up tonight RT : But seriously why is Miguel Cotto fighting again?
Whenever I feel angst about our library district and where we are headed I revisit Tame the Web from Michael Stephens. It's my reset button.
got you
I'm really looking to seeing my beautiful big sister walk down the aisle in two weeks.
aye chill bruh lol i dnt want beef, u got it thug
I SUCK ON THE PHONE THATS WHY I TXT OR BRING U HOME
understand the need to question who got in/who didn't, but completly agree - they gotta do the right thing and fast!
Yeah bruh he is.. But WTF !! Happen at end..Kobe was tryin to do to much..
RT #Huguely -- Love had bruises both before and after death scattered on her body. Including her hands
ive only had duck, didnt know Goose was also an option... might be the flavor difference im looking for
So glad! Keep us in mind for future events!
Powerful: "A panoramic camera is democratic because it has no ideal eye." - Sarah Kenderdine
good times
great seeing you too! thanks for coming in on this lovely Friday night!
We want excllnce yet we don't know what their best is, in any roll. So, 1st need 2 help everyone realize their BEST role!
If everyone could send me Positive Employment Vibes at around 5:30, that would be excellent!
you're gonna be awesome!! :)
on a scale of 1 to hedgehog, how awesome is it?
I like how the majority of people here are either wearing camo hats, flannels, or cowboy boots.
Good Morning Twitter visit us @ www.allsportsshopping.com for the best deals on Sports Apparel.
haha you better not make me laugh! I won't make you laugh! Our group is meeting again today
When im making love to a girl that just lies there not doing much i whisper in her ear "I have hep C" Then she really starts moving.
BUDGET WEEK: Amendment #577 by Republican Rep Lyons (R-Andover) eliminates funding for school-based health centers.
Now the #missiontrailsregionalparkcac is debating my proposal to ask the city to reopen the camp ground on weekends.
This 'it's more activist to throw out the whole law' line from the conservatives is... ingenious.
is putting a new build together for QA.
im just tellin the truth! So you stoppppaaaaa(:
Who's it helping? Pearson's bottom line. #bling Oh, and politicians who like to pontificate on things they don't know about.
Can't just give up a guy who had an MVP-like season, however. It's about not showing a white flag.
Can I hit it from the back?
Start where you are, use what you have, do what you can -Arthur Ashe
Over heard comments " I have an app for that"
I'm such a good employee ;) my 4,000th txt was about my boss Ashley from Dsg
Denise how qre we going to live without photography.
Wow I remember my first tweet. #RT if u remember urs😝
Go Broncos! RT : Stokley said he doesn't see any changes in Manning from when the two played in Indianapolis.
I have 19 days until TEXAS so I can completely understand how ur feeling
I got mine for B-more! I can't wait!
Janoris Jenkins will turn to be the best CB in this draft. Steal in the 2nd round.
Hope she enjoys it!!
Also rereading The Wouldbegoods by the incomparable, immortal E. Nesbit.
It's easier to complain than find a solution. Champion's don't complain - champions choose to find solutions even when it's a challenge.
Guess how many breakfast burritos I've had today. Go ahead, guess.
trying not to have an ulcer
Big shot for A.I.
Just another Manic Monday!
dance moms is my favorite part of the day.
Thanks, Edward. Happy to keep the conversation going!
who do they play tn? Oh and I hate you
is it summer yet?
Ricotta is not properly a cheese because it is not produced by coagulation of casein. Interesting!
Ok so - 1st drill is the G Road Chill Drill we've been doing since we were 11 yrs old!
It's a mental prison break
Love don't cost a thing ; this movie doesn't get old :D
#SeniorConfessionHour I NEVER did homework
RT ": EVERY girl say they special and one of kind ..... YOU A LIE"> you just don't know
Jesus died for me. I can't imagine why he would want to, but He did. He died for you too.
#OTGTIPS CONSISTENTLY STAY YOUR SELF. YOU WILL MAKE IT FAR!
please follow me!!:)
Knock KnockWho's there !Alf !Alf who ?Alf all if you don't catch me!
Btw Its Shelby
follow back please? :)
Goodnightpeople. Remember whatever ails ya whatever is troubling ya will eventuallypass ya by. Keep ya head and spirits up nothing but love
Like my avatar playa....
There's this girl the one and only one around this world....<3
oh just let me know
If you like be paid to take photos you'll like too. you can also see what photos others are posting as well :)
Im so excited for tonight!!!
Have you heard the news? Do you know what Rush is saying about women?.
<3 #love this “: you're like a little vacation i can go on when ever i want. if i could just. hold. focus.”
Love that pic!! Is that your Mother?
She should also thank your dad, because you wouldn't be there if his dick fell out of her.
#SweetGenius rotfl "you unfortunately killed it...."
RT : FACT: Girls are missing out on education. Two thirds of all children denied school are girls.
There really needs to be a #KruiserHarem tweetup
Happy Easter!
Yes! Callback tomorrow for a play from an audition last week. Prep paying off.
"stories are data with a soul" was one of my fav quotes, too! Will play in qual methods class in the future.
MFNW is over...saw 11 bands total and only 2 were openers that were really bad... my favorites were Blind Pilot and Typhoon...
Has the Stash seen an increase in business since the show started?
been requesting all night (:
Hi there. Would you mind deactivating your account since youve never tweeted? Your handle is my name & I'd like it. Thx!
so what are u doing ?
Follow the #WestmadeStraightpaid family.
See you in court Goodell! Sincerely, and the rest of NOLA.
My life is boring.
are you referring to Automotion
Whats up with problems with Galaxy Nexus S? My signal drops to nothing randomly all the time. I paid 300$ for the phone
Cows Almost Impossible To Domesticate, DNA Reveals The common cow's early ancestors were large and nasty and only a small pool were domes
good morning stud. Hope your Saturday is treating you well. :)
But what happens when ke£ha releases her new single and shits on erryone?
we really want to play warped all summer.. just sayin.. we work hard and need this chance.
they give u workouts to do
Do any of you want two tickets to Fitz & the Tantrums tomorrow night @ 8? They're playing at the Regency Ballroom and totally rock. I pai...
Chief Chuck Gordon to unidentified shooter in Tulsa - "We're comin' for ya" live right now
Hypothesis: my productivity is linked with my water intake.
Going very Wisconsin right now...making some beer brats
I know i'm sick when i'm not hungry at #lunchtime inside the market
I'm ready for a fantastic day!
LOL at lesbians. I mean, I don't care if girls like girls. I just think it's fuckin' hilarious.
it's hot. like oven hot. like i spent all day mowin lawns and i'm pretty sure my tadpoles have 3 tails and are swimmin in circles now. lol
Filming for the feature #Paul made it seem like Comic Con all over again!
Some people just make the weirdest faces when they sing..
I always just assumed that Community was Community slash fiction.
Finger Lakes Region! We'll be in the Canandaigua area from 3-4pm today at the ESL on Recreation Drive with BOGO #PXYSJ tickets!
Happy 1 year being married... and her hubby.... (:
#ImHopingThat the knicks win this game
FILL IN THE BLANK: This Thanksgiving, I’m most thankful for __________
my next music: A remix, a song that sounds like ?uestlove guested on drums and a song that sounds like TFF meets Steven Drozd
: You are truly a gift from God. I am blessed by the anointing you carry and share with us. May our Lord continue to bless you!
Rise n Grind! Be the best 2day! Finish number 1!
It does have me thinking more than usual about the resolution of my JPEGs.
nothin happenin' and better join us (;
Making a hot guy laugh.
