thanks for the follow
Is there anyone still alive that likes rum raisin ice cream?
offer them a cookie. Bet that'd work.
Oh no, my gf reminds me ALL the time, trust me. We went to the first Nats game at RFK...snif. So much good BB.
I wish that I could see The Hunger Games tonight at midnight, but that's not really feasible when I have to see a baby tomorrow at six a.m.
Working on writing some great stuff! www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
One direction !!!!!
Ah! What time does your class finish?
Ppl will take your love,words,feelings, and friendship for granted
Paddle back.
Yes! This worked well MT : #aam2012 Shelly Bernstein talks about EVERYONE in museum taking a shift at visitor desk
The KFC Yum! Center? Really? Please tell me is just playing an elaborate joke for an article.
“: Working on inventing something sweet”/ Does it involve attaching big trebles to it?
help me get followers
"Life is, at all times, uncertain."
#waystoirritateme ladies who r gold diggers constantly looking fo tricks
you and me both. Well crash the booth together
Easy the RB position is thin this year so I would go with DMC
hahaha! those are adorable shoes...let me know what you think:-)
yeah I'm sorry but straight girls have more experience with pole work.
no ma'am, I'm just paranoid, and boys are stupid :S
February 13th, Galentine’s Day, is about celebrating lady friends. It’s wonderful, and it should be a national holiday.
Avala Resources Provides Update on the Korkan Resource Definition Drilling Program and Continues to Expand Korkan East ...
When it rains, it pours... another callback for a #national #carl's junior #commercial!!!
If you want to keep up with the UK Bat Cats, follow I can taste the peanuts and cracker jacks.
This Is retarded to Lock yo Self out the House ! (: and Leave your Noodles on the Fucking Stove ! Ugh . I hope my noodles are alright :D
Oh that whole Pens fans being pissed at Jagr for being a Flyer and i can't let it go lol
#sharktank is awesome tonight. They are tearing people apart!
Thanks Cindy!
is there?
suck balls. What else is there to say?
We have a Godfather challenger!!! We will keep you posted!
OPMG is moving nice!
great seeing u too last night...u and everyone sounded awesome.....POOF!!!!!!
Everyone have a phenomenal day today. Make the best of it.
things i need to do 1. find my fucking phone 2. wash my ass 3. go eat
14 weeks of how to tell the truth, one week on how to lie?
Fridays are the best w/ mtg & Artist collabos all around.
Yup! It's true. We've been wasting money
Thank u! Keep spreading the #FF love:
": 80 and sunny, that's great sound like Cali."stop tweetin nonsense bro we don't wanna hear that stuff here in NY
Tigers fuckn up
There's nothing like a bigot to bring out the fury in me.
Shifman: Buffetts created NoVo to invest in undervalued population: girls.
I'm going to write a new script, I must say this one is going to be intense.
I love my boy
we'll talk tomorrow
If you don't have Twins tickets and love high school baseball, you should get yourself a Juicy Nookie & come to the game tomorrow.
nope. Not at all!!!!
Also, the drummer on tour with SBH is awesome! Go follow him... :)
no fucking way?! how was it omg tell me!?
"When getting to first base is taking too long, come in to Viper Apparel!"
Do something today that makes you happy & will have lasting value!
Sure thing. Appreciate all you do to keep us informed #jazzmusic #JAZZSTAGENET!
Watching "Taking Care: Family Textiles!" Happy Preservation Week!
oh for sure, you know me
the choskis are doing the happy dance
Great site!!! Do u know anyone who may be interested in acquiring registered trademark for phrase "The Play of the Game" ?
i wonder how how kerrigan will reconnect with the swarm, or if there will be a new overmind
I loovvee my job❤
How cold?! Good job Travail Newark offer a red hot recruitment service. Call us with your needs now and ask about our latest Feb offer.
you and Bianca should surprise him you know he'd love it so would all of us who love you xo
youve been eating sweets all day
I think you should say "discovered naked Juice" because without the juice part the tweet seems very awkward...haha
Chinese food with my best friend! <3
Happy Good Friday.
Dont do drugs kids!! Smoke weed instead!
French Conversation Meetup Tomorrow!
Well that sucked bad. Worst case scenario happened. Almost passed out. Dont know why. Deal with blood at work all the time
Haha where did I come from huh?? That's good u gonna start this yr? I've been good jus work and school really how bout u
There is something that is much more scarce, something rarer than ability. It is the ability to recognize ability ~ Robert Half.
My level 2 The Massachusetts Institute for A New Commonwealth has a Popularity of 808!
THAT FOOL JOEL ANTHONY HEAD LOOK PREGNANT THAN A MUG .UGLY FOREHEAD LIKE NIGGA FROM STAR TREK!
that was me and candace
RT : Govt has always subsidized white wealth to the detriment of black wealth so it's shameful to attack Affirmative Actio ...
This is my first day off in two weeks. If I had a gun, these squirrels would be in trouble. Suddenly wishing I were still with central pa BF
For the sake of #BigTen football, come on #MSU! Kirk Cousins turns it on in the 4th quarter and in overtime - like Tim Tebow
When i have hardly any service <<<<
My neo just woke up from a deep ass sleep and said "fuck hoes get money" Lmao
actually those r ppl telling me tht some1 is saying Nasty and ugly things bout me! And I'm trying to figure out who it is!!! ;(
Can't wait! #theworldiswatching : )
The food is yummy and I dig their $10 meals
Did the Seahawks just lose Okung for the first half of the season? Welcome to Seahawk football.
if the sixers somehow beat the bulls, would the heat (highest seed left) play the sixers (lowest seed left)?
Every year Thanksgiving Eve Boston takes on slightly Gothic movie set feeling Streets are empty in some places Ghosts of pilgrims? Just me?
I forgot to tweet about #KinkyWednesday b/c I was too busy being
nice job!
watchin st louis and miami nothin like baseball being back!
We may need you in the office additional days this month. Will text you additional dates.
Thanks for bringing The film to Pittsburgh. Disappointed I'll be out of town for the event.
I ate so much candy today I think I'm gunna barf..
What type of games r being played?
Thanks! We are too! It has made things more convenient for all of us!
Lakers need to lose
Community is in a new time slot, has a lead-in, and leads in a successful show. I'll remain optimistic.
Had an awesome and inspiring time teaching about purpose at UMOM shelter here in Phoenix!
dont make dat face at me chump...u lucky u havent seen dat side of me
RT : Peter Diamandis - "news media is a drug pusher and bad news is your drug". # fls12
A trip to Maui, land of Nalani's name origin :)
I want to not have a broken elbow????!? WTF UNIVERSE
Jingle Bells Santa Smells more than his stink sleigh!!
Because absentee ballots get separated from their signed envelopes, if there is a problem with an envelope, another ballot may be removed.
Anthony Davis (starting right tackle for the Niners) started the hashtag yesterday.
Well I got out of the dentis it went good I guess (Feeling:numb)
The world is full of cactus, but we don't have to sit on it. - Will Foley
"This looks important!"
BIG THANKS to and her sister for swinging by and pitching in with the lot cleanup on Hollins St. Looks better now :)
311 plus infinity
Anybody see the Time Magazine cover with the woman breast feeding his 3-year old.. thats just weird I get breast feeding but 3 is too old
Hope you saw The State of the Game - Bob Costas special on NBC Sports network - great conversation. Love to get your take.
Twitter will make you forget you sitting on the toilet. Lmao
Oh and people aren't talking about your kids... they feel sorry for your kids. They're mom is crazy and built like Ray Lewis.
Kaleb Canales on #Nets PG Deron Williams: "His toolbox is full. Any skill you would want...He's one of the top point guards in the league."
Want 2 THANK YOU ALL 4 making it out 2 classes this gorgeous Monday morn & afternoon - here's 2 your love & support!
I hope everyone enjoyed their meet 'n greet with Deion Sanders today! Video should be up on Campbell's FB & web soon. :)
Oh I love #SexyBeastSundays !!!!
Note to next year's holiday self: wear burr-resistant clothing when hanging lights, or stay inside.
hi so glad we are together on cool music!!
WiFi sadly compromised by all the midday users... Off to find a Starbucks for faster internet and coffee for faster Jess. :D
Thanks! RT : great packing
The day I go to the mailbox and not see a bill, I will look to the sky to make certain it is not falling.
Good night for BC so far with Kuechly going 9th and Kreider playing really well in Game 7
YES! Look for me in the TGI Friday's lounge with :)
hahahaa im awesome (:
It's hard for me to leave Westwood during the week. I you can make it out that way I'm in!
I'm excited too. Should be a great discussion!
Not feeling this handbag. it's not big enough
I'm not and you agreed with me one time with this so we going to stop
you have to find us :)
AYE HOMIE YOU NEED TO HMU I'VE BEEN LOOKIN FOR SOME WHO HAS YOUR CONTACT INFO FOR SOME MONTHS NOW I LOST THE PHONE THAT HAD IT
I have that song on repeat!! ❤
MongoDB + MySQL = perfect for our flash sales site
who said we are not? We will be there with your sandwich :)
Yea, I seen that BS! She wont let's me put my lips on her ass.
Follow back
we in vegas in july cant wait to see my ppl !
took off my bridge piercing.. I feel ugly now lol. WAAAAAAHH
WANT A NEW FOLLOWER? Follow and they will FOLLOW BACK!
But I wanna give a SPECIAL congrats to and for graduating today!!! <3 you ladies alot!!
well good morning dear! I know your day might not be as good because I might be off of twitter today until 5 :/
Direct message me on twitter or fb or text me at 214-906-1510. We can do this!
Good Morning! It's the beginning of a Fantastic week! I hope your week is a very productive one! :)
Getting schooled on monetary systems, instability, rethinking it all. Only at
CNN Ratings Drop to Lowest Numbers in More Than 10 Years
Absolutely the latter
Goal #2 ! Lets go Rangers!
#agreed! RT : Suit is too small the SC kid
i'm so happy to be done with that pen. it brought me nothing but grief :-)
freaks me out
You've apparently even hacked. I'm getting spam DM's from your account.
About to find out whether wearing shorts to work is a fireable offense.
Each day's a gift that I intend to unwrap & enjoy—no matter the tests or storms. I've learned, the safest place is in the eye of the storm.
RT At bouta kill the stage mane!!! !! U know what it is!! SAG LIVE
79 year old Korean War Vet saves fights the war of his life to Save His Home - his mortgage lender CITI finally approves
I agree. Def interesting concept. It's just too expensive unless your in a very specific situation (independently wealthily)
Officially sucked into The Bachelorette.
I want a fag but I'm too scared to go outside in the big bad world of darkness.
Holy crap. Seattle has ice cream trucks. Who knew?
good luck with that!
Nerdist at Majestic in Madison in April. Interesting.
great weekend at Evo and Vanity Friday....Back to reality people lets work hard so we do it all again this weekend with a clear conscience
Good news! #KANROCKSAS is back in 2013!! I could be the coolest parent there this time!
JUST GIVE ME THE SLICED IMAGE! It takes everyonter designer 5 minutes- why is it taking an hour and 45 questions- its a standard image178x82
Its nt that I'm nt n touch w/ reality...I juss wish things cud go back to the way they use 2 b!.
Brilliant move by FOX Re: WC rights in '18, '22. Let ESPN spend all $ to do all dirty work/US popularization, then hop on the train.
never received my free pizza e-mail
Girl, Today has been a Sad Day For Me && My Family && Chruch Family
pshh not on defense. But that's normal. He's playing agressive at least.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; Courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.
"...Morehouse has persevered and excelled." - Willis Sheftall '64, Interim provost and senior vice president for Academic Affairs
Have You Seen Any Of His Videos?
Showed our office to a few of our admissions counselors who are back from their recruitment efforts from across the nation
Hey guys I miss you and I made you something :D
Follow us please?!
So so sleepy but my mind once again won't stop thinking...lol
whew good thing I'm following you bc now i feel so much better :p
Have fun in Mexico ! We will miss you dearly.
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope. Jeremiah 29:11
Who is coming out Saturday night before the race?
sure! Next time I'm at school. It hangs next to my PhD and the teaching award I got at Harvard.
all night
I been thinking about u (oh no no noo) I been thinkin bout u (u kno u kno) I been thinkin bout u
i hate when hoes try to date me, like come on.. you in a relationship? dont make me laugh
join me near front.
lies..... You made that up.
Bitches and they emotions <<<<<<<<
four hacking mintues till the amazing #underthemisletoe is out!!! Love you biebs(:
heck yes!!! Enjoy it dudes.
UK Basketball. 8 time National Champions.
I just burst into tears!!!
People need to shut the fuck up and listen! Grow the hell up! Stupi
hey luv, thanks for saying hey!! Keep posted for luvely updates! You're a sweetie ;)
daily #dressage tip: use laterals to help you - #shoulder-in stops runaways; #travers gets you straight at fences; #renvers stops run-outs;
And happy graduation! RT : Thanks everyone! :)
the headset is $200, the mix amp is $130, plus tax and shipping you're looking at almost $400 for a gaming headset
sorry I missed you at the game. Flight delays got me there right at 7:30. Ugh. But super seeing #s04 !!
Opening Art Reception for Josh Hooten of Herbivore Clothing-Blossoming Lotus-Tues Aug 9th at 9:30pm with Music by DJ E3, Food Drinks & Fun!
good luck!
I'm tweeting Mini Marathon times for Gary Thomas in real time on race day. Presented by OneAmerica
Thanks for the FF!
If you're going to be horrible, you may as well be weirdly horrible.
same. Always looking.
Good morning y'all!
Doing an OTA direct upgrade of the iPhone to iOS 5.1, since the iTunes server is slammed at the moment. 1 min to go…
as i lay me down to sleep i pray that U will hold me near. while im far away, il whisper Ur name into the sky & wake up happy <3
you'll have to ask Krafty.
Traveling tip: If you're passing through Long Beach International, grab a muffin. They're really good. Okay. Carry on.
Do you happen to know when the term "food desert" came into the vocabulary? Anyone know this etymology?
I'm reading Brophy/Lopez/Murray's Integrating Spaces: Property Law and Race.
Tadarial Sturdivant, Director of Wayne County Child and Family Services
When doesn't appreciate and I's Fudgie the Whale <<
Club again tonight. I might just die. Lol
Hey, I love my life ^_^
my dad is annoying me.
Back in DC with a warm welcome home from TheBoys.
#waystomakemehappy make me a priority in your life, not an option.
I AM NEVER EVER GETTING IN A CAR WITH DANNY ALRCON EVER AGAIN!!!!!!! DE PINGA BRO!
Tony Bennett will sing tribute to Whitney at Clive's party. Her body lies upstairs .
#FEDUP - RECAP - DEM's talking bout ANNUAL DEFICIT (Yr's Mtg Payment) -- GOP talking bout NAT'L DEBT (Total Mtg). Apples/Oranges! Ask About!
Oh yes, I've heard this song somewhere before. I like it :)
Watching Chevy Chase has taught me, the funniest joke a comedian can ever make is to fall off a ladder. The pinnacle of comedy.
So soon!
Piffle: noun. nonsense, meaningless talk. (Definition 2: A tweet. Ha.)
yup xP
hope you ENJOYED those Gem bites today!!
Woo hoo, is en route to New York. Come home to Brooklyn!
I can't imagine that site is anything but a front for prostitution.
WE #BELIEVED AND GUESS WHAT WE WON!!! (: TAKE THAT STINGRAYS!!!! (:
Is it wrong that my first thought when #gameofthrones Arya Stark said "Anyone can be killed" was I hope my three girls turn out like that?
Why do I use "just" in almost every sentence while drafting? Cut, cut, cut!
Optimism in my eyes, humility in my heart.
The Huskies just scored against the team that won the national championship last year!!
"Never underestimate the power of tenacity" - Invisible Children
Lexis Florist was honored to work with such a talented team at VISIONProduction Group! We can't wait to see our new Marketing Video!
Yes to World Cup!
You may know God, Jesus, and/or Jesus Christ by another name. I think we're on the same page, regardless of the name change.
I played Zachary in ep#3 "loner". You might be able to find it on line.
When voting, just think of it this way. Do you aspire to be wealthy, but have to work, or would you rather be on welfare & not have to work?
No, since I wasn't aware. :( But congrats to whoever wins!
happy birth day! Also broken hearted played tonight at a semi at my school and I was OMG... I met those people last week! <3
#DailyQuote: "I would rather see the portrait of a dog I know than all the allegorical paintings in the world." - Samuel Johnson
Take your daily dose of fun.
On the metro - holding onto the overhead rail - 20 bare hands and 1 in a leather glove. Can you identify the murderer?
lol good to know you aren't into the youngins lol you should start watching weeds!!
GREAT FINALE, I' m gonna miss all u girls on wisteria lane :( Hope u gave a reunion soon!
they're so cute together <3
7 Tempe Police cars outside my door.
Vince Russo leaves TNA and the ratings continue to sink... Hopefully it just chalks up to the "warm weather" rumor, but not looking good.
youll have to excuse my vacancy from the world this past week or so, just trying to take life by the horns before things get out of control.
That makes sense. The writers of "Revenge" have to learn to manage backstory with moving the plot forward.
OMG. how was Coldplay ?!
I'm going.
Looking forward to visit from and Lunch for clients at 1:00. Press conference/presentation at 1:30.
I am making you a get well card :) I'll send it over when its done
“: Slow your roll Clippers... #yourestilltheclippers love it LAker Nation was in full effect Alway an 4ever LAker Nation
that takes to damn long.All most Independents do is take Dem. votes.
yeah, fuck you itches, he's got baby powder, made from 100% baby!
oh good (: thank god. I love hearing about it , seriouslyy.
I can tell that you're trying really hard! (:
What's three days long, unpaid, and rhymes with Pawlenty? Furloughs!
I'm seeing her in July! :)
I was visiting Robert and Ted's new acting studio. The praise came from a Mr. Christopher Toyne. Familiar?
Happy birthday to my love Daniel and to my comadre Reina.
Interview went good should have a follow up next week... Crossing my fingers!
OMG that looks amazing.
hey dudes i just served you a bank review at socialsmack. good luck with yer other reviews :D
Ima start hitting the gym next week, hopefully.
#JoeyDiamondFact joey finds it a turn off when hes on a date and the person is constantly checking their phone.
Dont u hate when u see a really big piece of cardboard & you think to yourself...'That would be awesome for breakdancing' but it's not 1983?
HeeHee! I'll take that title... but just for today!
NOwaday u dnt even know if the preacher is telling the truth tho or has wicked motives
Cary melted hearts and the ice at Citi Pond last night with a 4 song set! Terrific performance, Cary!
very excited to perform in "Lost and Found" tonight at The Actors Studio!
my itunes play counter is telling me i've listened to 'ships in the night' by 26 times in the last 24 hours. sounds about right.
there's one acoustic floating around on YouTube of that. But pretty sure it's just Joey
Folks in OM/Pikesville! We need to get to come to us! Help us find a parking space! cc:
Really! I feel bad for those grad students! Why didn't she take on any of the hundreds of published BOOKS? Ughh...
Good Friday! Day off work. Gym, yoga, bike, shoot some photos, maybe catch a show tonight. is performing at the Commodore.
Busy Saturday! Have you made it down since we've remodeled the store? If not, WHY! The new stuff is great, the gallery is great, GREAT! :D
:) i pretty much about to be verified on twitter dude i want tim's book now
its the powder brush.
Alright been away for awhile for some things but im back. Crew put the hurt on the reds today.
I'm fli-fli-fly, I'm flying high, aint got time to talk, just HI&BYE
For Booking, Beats, or Info of the YouTube sensation Too Much please contact management at
I was lucky enough to help name homebrewer name his barley-wine in cherry oak! try
Woke up this morning and learned its Monday. Always a rough way to start your day.
Thanks for the follow!
I'm listening to music, and my skullcandies are giving me a message x) they vibrate
One out of seventeen, or 400,000,000 people have sex a day. 4,000 people are doing it right now!
why was he watching? Wow!
Happy David Archuleta Day we love you
Congrats! You've won! You get emails now every time I think I have a great hair-brained idea!
solidarity let us know what you need!
I want some tats. Too bad I gotta wait till I'm 18...
I was sorry not to get to know him -- I'd had hopes 4 partnering more w/AARL, but workload got crazy once semester started. :(
Agreed! I want one too! It's great to see partnering with on a badge.
Wow this weekend is busy!
Why are most jokes so short? So men can remember them.
yeah girlie..thats the same goal
awww that said start sayin random off the wall shit be stupid but funny,too
the hot fun tonight is a retreat nightclub nyc...
I'm ready for this week to be over Fri hurry up damnit!
Going through memories back in 05 makes me feel fucking old
felt, only thing now is to get his music to sound more like Slayer.
Skee! Where you going to be tonight in Austin?
easily forgotten, easy to do, nice job
Wow, that might be the worst link profile I've ever seen. ProTip: Your backlink anchor text should not be teaching me new cuss words.
do you know the theme of the next ... I could or should... we'll see if I do!!!
you are silly
A guy just said I seem "kind of accident prone." I have to stop telling the iPhone and wine glass story all in the same night.
what you just felt back there is not really real
Congratulations to who won the grand prize (including a reserved study table ) in the #findUW contest!
The Calendars are here! The Calendars are here! Our 2012 year at a glance calendars look awesome. Need one? Sign up for our mailing list a…
When I go to your house I'm sleeping over!
I will reach out individually when i get a chance! May the good Lord continue to
#downtowndenver can not believe how many raggermuffin skeezers left the house in pajamas today.. pull it together bitches...
Our deepest condolences. Bullying tragically forces parents to lose children and now children lose parents.
SHHHHHHH....we'll keep that on the hush-tip. Lol! All I know is.....you changed my life with your talent. I'm a fan FOREVER!
What celebrity has the best skin?
Absolutely no idea. Will do some checking.
Very good set last night in Memphis Appreciate CC's effort but don't want Chris to do damage to that great voice.
you wanna go to shout house at like 9 or 10? Goin to the #timberwolves game tonight
NBA Celebrity All Star Game Kevin Hart MVP lmafao
Oh well
that depends on whether the sniper is on your side or not
FYI, tagging an Instagram photo of your house as "vintage" does not make it such.
Better late than never, but never late is better.
Had a couple of customers, who said, they would never have thought buying soap for thier "FEET" could be so much fun, just like buyin candy
The hardest part about doing my 6 mo eval is that I keep comparing myself to my predecessor who was freakin amazing.
you know yo car the shit when birds shit on it
RT : I think Doc Emerick may have a stroke announcing this game. #NHLStanleyCupPlayoffs Go
Have to have a background check to be re-certified as a USA Ultimate coach. # of addresses in the last 5 years? 7. In 4 states.
when is the 50th #rollingstones anniversary tour dates going to be announced mate?
good I'll be that blonde girl who brings you pizza as a reward. But serious it's SOD day (Steve or die)
nice logo!
so you want to marry your gay cousin ? Got it .
Just thought about how we only have two weeks left of classes. And then I'm halfway done with college
In desperate need of a new computer
Tic-Tac-Toe w/ Navy Divers!
When Our Hero defends someone, you need not even mention his name.
very proud of our buddies on a great performance on the tonight with
interested in your pf ticket if you are selling at a reasonable price
No cigar for you at 9a, Jerry?
Them #Knicks look exhausted cause the #HEAT is getting to them
Did you see The Kills last night at the ? Stellar, right?!
Yes, that was it. I have that, but no more American Apparel. Does that matter?
Not to mention its also #allstarweekend! The Rising Stars game is tonight, Shaq's team looks pretty dominant with Griffin, Lin, and Rubio
happens to the best of us. Ask overby how Schwa was.
YES! Jayson Werth ... OUR HOUSE!!!
Stayed up doing a bunch of random stuff. Older I get the less sleep I seem to need.
RIP Amy.
uh yea!!!!! I love America's best dance crew. Someone better call me in when they r performing!
you can get a description of it, how to cook it, and order it here: www.westcoastscrapple.com
BRB BREAKFAST. <3
RT Joseph:Obama's not Douglass, he's Lincoln. Not MLK, he's LBJ. #aha2012 <...as president. Autobiography tells a counter narrative>
Shoutout to All the People Reaching for the Stars and Following their Dreams on a Daily Basis! Much Respect
I can b a attention whore at times
TV reporter wanted to interview me, but I had to decline. Sorry.
My mom is texting and using pure emojis ! Lol gotta luv her
yeah dude, you guys come back
just chillin today waiting for that phone call i really want this job
Congrats on the new gig. You are just what that show needed. Whaen are you coming to Montgomery, AL?
I have a new appreciation for the beauty of legal jargon ...
That assumes they would accept responsibility and won't blame you, right?
Finding a few folks are reading! Yay! Loyal readers- Thank You for enjoying my digital haute cuisine...
stay safe! #CoriniNation LOVES you. <>
cool! I've never been there but i wish..
We were! With tea and crumpets!
: I'm diggin' your music on Soundcloud, Maurice. It's groovy! Also, you killed it yesterday
Can I text that dude and say it's you? Please?
oh, oh! I'd love an AWK t-shirt!
country roads i can hear you a'callin. Headed to the old waterloo for a wee little visit.
Traffic EVERYWHERE in San Diego today. Mess.
I don't mind people tweeting constantly, but massive tweeting just for the hell of it is a good way to get unfollowed.
Ooh, Stone Sour Fest 2011 - definitely must go!
Wish I could have made it to Tiesto today, but Sublime tomorrow is gunna be insane!!
happy birthday man :) x
One year today! Thanks for WOTL and now
who hit you in the wiener haha
#AdamOnIdol = Perfection!! Vocals on point wow<3 I love you!
an app like "Draw Something" or "Doodle Jump" have a use case which transfers to all form factors. Does scaling work? Probably.
saw replay of him running to first as I was reading this...ha ha!
Kiss Cam for sure
RT 3 weeks from today at Noon-candidate qualifying ends & we'll know who is on the ballot & who is not!
Pickup Line: How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up?
k this is like the tenth time I've cried this past two hours
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. Bill Cosby
If you're running a business you should like send out 1099's to the people who worked for you, simple really
i feel like ima die ._.
Day 2- @ My Cousins House... Goinqq to the Store & A Picnic @ The Park...
But I have a greater desire not to be kidnapped and murdered for running alone at 4am through the cornfields, so I guess I'll try to sleep.
Good painting is like good cooking: it can be tasted, but not explained
No I haven't yet.
Bryant Park, a success! On to the next scenes...
Good morning everyone on this Mother's Day weekend. How are you celebrating?
Did you guys notice The Big Fella is Now on twitter? Sure after the goes to the 49ers. Still Love him.
My name ain't "oh my God"
I think our whole bus is singing boyfriend...
Could ESPN be anymore obnoxious about the Greg McCelroy pick #atleasthisgirlfriendishot!
Up early for a morning run in the park followed by a day of caffeine, archival research and (hopefully) very little social media use.
Atleast you respond! Haha I will remain following you can I get a follow back :)
#HurriicaneIrenePlaylist I make it rain, I make it rain, I make it rain on dem hoesss.
Im On
nah he looks very close to the young Steve Jobs, stop hatin Cnet
at the OFFICIAL after party for KP, really excited !!
grand opening of on 2/15
I recall hearing that in blog, no artistic renderings that I have seen
Did you take your kids to see "The Muppets". Did they get into it or did they react like you were cramming your nostalgia down their throat?
S.W.A.G.-She Wants A Gentlemen
yeah i got to carried away HAHA HateLies<3Trust
Steve and Chris are traveling by bus from Helsinki to Lahti for the black tie gala. Hopefully Nokero will win the World Design Impact Prize.
There were some good ones on design, but it seemed to be less design/development focused this year. How was volunteering?
If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
Getting tournament tested, and making the grade!!!
I hope I'm allowed to dress up for my dinner date with I kinda feel like wearing a dress :)
No problem at all! We LOVE your food! =)
Handguns tomorrow!
When u have that sickness that makes you feel like your dying...
I have lost all tolerance for bullshit and fuck nigga shit if you got a problem sit down at the table with me or get beat the fuck up
Yep, I didn't see that one until this morning. Rochester just luvs its kitties, I guess. :-)
look at what it's done to me , you gotta know it tears me up </3
he will be the richest person on earth for feeding hungry children his yummy cum
UK , miss you my man ! Heard youve been ballin heavy ahah this summer were kickin it forsure
Ready to get the dat over with
Sorry for the tech issue. Our tech expert suggests it may be bandwidth?
I wanna visit Jerusalem, Israel one day
Just don't google the word google. You'll break the Internet.
So Edwin, you think you can cook? I'm looking for latin chefs for SalsaPalooza. Plz post a sample on youtube n send me link
Texas artists save money by keeping their CD & custom t-shirt business right here in the Lonestar State. We're not going anywhere.
The longer I live, the more I realize how much I really don't know.
Last day at #TheHomestead and #VASHRM12 Great time had by all! Congrats to all that played a role in making this event successful!
3/idk how many, she need help like now so go out and #PRAYFORDANICA I want her better I hate to see danica get sick and when she does it
are you in Dallas? It's been so hot. I always pass the snow cone place and think of you lol
You Lose Some and Gain Some
One more time for the slow mufuggas.... It's HO.
call a healthy relationship(:
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: It’s a Jeep Thing! – Dave Eilers on the Willys Jeep!
PS five more months ;)
guilty tweets have got no rhythm... i know its awful
Your gunna think your funny in a minute when I lay your ass out.
Hi Mo, Thanks for sharing information on my book! If you are interested in reading it, please message me your mailing address. - MAP
Good morning winter, there you are! Just when I thought you forgot us. Happy FriDDay
wow! Didn't know that....I'm off to California later this year...we should do tea :)
Wow! Welcome to the neighborhood!
Should have given #Obama a #claymathews jersey
Where is Busy Bee Hardware?
I feel so lucky ..
Hate the negativity Vegas brings but I love my city it's taught me a lot and made me who I am I learned to focus on what's important in life
Hope everyone is having a fun St. Patrick's Day!
Okay, I'm sold. It stays indefinitely.
thanks for the great android updates. really enjoying having instagram back in my mobile phone.
The 80's will never be the same.
Last day to work with Amanda Ross-Ho, don't miss if you haven't already!
see isn't she adorable?! :D
#BGC9 is gonna be the shiiiiit.
house full of big butts in 8 days!
Just saw Alan Rickman on Hudson Street.
Well you have inspired me to do some Spring cleaning in my own closet. Time to move out the winter clothes for sure.
: Woo-hoo! Congrats
plz spare us all the "thanks for all the bday wishes-- so fortunate to have so many good people in my life" facebook status
He's adorable <33
What is up with pedistrian hit by car and died tonight? 2 in last hour or so.
well I saw the video girl gave him a retweet
btw: Devil was awesome! I ended up going. All I'm gonna say is it was crazy!
So The Snoop Dogg / Dr. Dre / Tupac Hologram Tour Isn't Gonna Happen? :(
“: Does it bother you when I say yolo? Oh well #yolo”
Death at #UNM sigma chi house was suicide, according to police report. 19 yr old man found in his room, had been deceased for days.
why ? You not believe me! May I show it to you !
Surprisingly, more hands were lost on Georgetown's campus than in Westeros last night.
ok when u get ready, email me the track to LETS GO!!!
I did! Thank you so much. I sent a Thank you to the "info" email for Tony. So kind of you. Will spread the word!
Chocolate bunny and Peep hangover
Just to make it clear... Tickets to see June 20 at the House of Blues in the Chi went on sale yesterday! Buy them now! <3
we should make it happen! but i have no car v.v
Bucket list: write a book. Bonus round: it gets banned or burned.
just woke up from a nap
Happy mother's day to , and all the other moms out there in the world. Luv ya!!
Thousands of geniuses live and die undiscovered -- either by themselves or by others.
#EverydayIThinkAbout The circle of life and how beautiful it is to be alive.
Happy President's Day! Hope everyone is enjoying the extra day off.
Why does chicken take forever to unthaw :(
Decide what your target market is to build your platform for position yourself for television. Loving Tiffany Cook ISSE!
Are you coming to town? What's up?
I wonder where is at? Haven't heard from you in days.
Ah fuck, I forgot the conditioner. Damn it. Kill me.
This poll has GOT to be bogus!
Feeling wide awake today, this testing shit better not get me sleepy.
I have the hiccups because of you !
need any info?
The thing that haunts a man most is what he wasn't ordered to do
“: I've dance with the most ugliest girls tonght, too trippy”damn so y u gotta go there
My sister is the sweetest little thing alive! Words can hardly describe my love for her, she is my best friend.
The thirst 💦 is real...🙅 no thank u I don't want it!
Dan Waber experiments with bringing words into the third and fourth dimensions. Exciting! He will talk at our Poetry Off the Page symposium.
Haha...I can't speak for everyone, but it took me about 3 episodes.
yea we gone be live in the place
My kids are leaving me... I am gonna miss them so much
How are users using your website? Google Analytics.
watching right know
Tonight was a great example of being content and lackadaisical. Never settle keep grinding and mad ups to the giants.
Oh yeah, who is getting cookies delivered to them!!???? Yup me and
Happy Birthday & Mothers Day to the most beautiful woman I know .... My mama!🌷 💚🌺
Whew. No shutout.
I am working 12-14 hours a day. I feel totally disconnected to the world. But it's actually REALLY fun.
I don't think that's why he's keeping Hope though.
Gonna have to silence my grape soda cravings with irn-bru
FF may make the school look ghetto, but idgaf as long she fails and it pisses her off lol hate her so much
": #FF "- From Miami South Beach, Raves KINK from Dungeon! Xoxo
RT : #FF Thank you for paying attention:
A walk along the Brooklyn Promenade with views of bridges and Manhattan
That will become close to universal soon enough, so good to have applicable practices in place now.
When you get so excited about something and negativity just brings you down #how depressing
Been Coolin' >>>> Now It's Time To Get To Work
Have a Blessed Good Friday!
Buffy Hamilton NJASL conference #NJASL2010 Think of ourselves as artists: bravery, insight, creativity, boldness We create the art
Bears..KC......awful
I feel like I should be on this account more...but no one ever tweets this account, that's why I'm always on my personal.. Let's change that
“: If you hurt my best friend, I can make your death look like an accident.”
SURF Report: (Pacific Beach) 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high occ. 5 ft. VERY POOR CONDITIONS
Are we really doing this right now guys?!? "Cause I'm not ready for that sort of thing." (Anna begins)
your welcome
I missed this. Yay! Does it fit perfectly? Hope so!
Tonight we hope you will join us in toasting and cheering our Veterans.
what kind are they bf?
I'm thankful I set up a reward for this challenge or I wouldn't be getting through these last days day 27
best part-I can drive it! My thought: defining engagement together 2 create shared pathways 2 student success ???
I don't want to play games that aren't fun. The social games most people play aren't fun.
Trying to design a puzzle for D&D involves walking the fine line between challenging and annoying.
great reading the other night at boswell! cool to hear you on fresh air, too! you're our next book club pick. rock on!
#fuck five o'clock is gonna come fast.
Im in a tumbling mood and there's no where to tumble):
Ouch. The First Lady didn't dig that 'spilled milk' joke either.
Might be the weekend to check out 's Merchant of Venice. I hear it's a good one.
Has anyone else always wanted to see the northern lights? Let's do it this fall!
You can give me a follow?!?! (:
Catch Bigg Weezy on UStream now on "Comedy by the Slice"
Even worse.
It's way too hot outside!
Mega Bloks Diego&#39;s Build and Rescue | A non stop Shopping site
If you could have just said you're sorry I know we could have worked it out by now :/
Surly bill author Sen. Linda Scheid -(DFL) Brooklyn Center predicts bipartisan support/passage of brewery proposal
I have literally been sitting in bed all day watching Hannah Montana.
A metaphoric frog. There's a saying that says, "Eat a live frog first thing in the morning and the rest of the day is easy." :-)
Can we get Nancy Grace on suicide watch? /via
hopefully! Fingers crossed :)
Marketing funnels need to be carefully crafted to move your list along a path that create sales.
FBCD promo starts today!!! Lots of eyes on this sub penny stock. Last promo ran FBCD to .11 within a few days. Don't get caught chasing!!!
damn bro wassup stranga bull RT big time. I can't wait til I explore the world too
ipod classic 160GB for sale. 125 let me know!
Blogmania is under way !!
#ChuckNorris is a stunt double for Optimus Prime.
10:41 p.m. and still waiting for election results from Racine...
lmaooo GIVE UP
Thanks for the tweet! We look forward to more fantastic shows! Thanks for your continuous support!
when was the last time a black woman has hosted snl?
Next week? idk now i feel like this has to happen!
What to you think if I write you that i love you??.. i write it cuz u dont see that tweet.. in other way.. I admire you
What about one and done in College Basketball? I may be jaded by my prior work at Mizzou but I just cant get into it anymore.
ah, gotcha. Hang in there though, there's a ton of chances left to win. You guys are so dedicated, I'm SURE you can do this!
that's awesome!
Ducks/Sabres game towards the end of the season. Ducks lost 2-0. But there were a shit ton of Sabres fans and they were loud. But
I DO LOVE your new avi photo
keep up the good work :) we love your song #lovecanburn :)
I refuse to let any heat fans talk any sh*t to me from now on idc. Be quiet and just watch the show.
Boise State has more first rounders so far in this draft than the entire Big Ten. Sad
You are a tool. I out partied you so hard.
Just had a simply amazing meal tonight..great food and great service! Thanks so much! Decatur is where to eat, no question about it.
File under words that sound epic but have no place in the conversation.
If I had an identical twin, we would fuck shit up so bad, it wouldn't even be real.
Good morning everyone! I hope you had a wonderful weekend.
Hope you enjoyed them and have a great Easter crowd!
does that mean that will make me happy?
I'm officially in love with Wunderlist!
Pistole - Members of Military with a valid CAC card wont be subject to "professional screening" by TSA employees.
"Things Will Never Be The Same"...
tx to the 4HB i dropped 8 minutes in my marathon - I ran a 3:14:56 this wkend - 4HB is for everyone, endurance athletes included!
thanks for the follow, could you tell about you?
curiously, that's exactly what's happened to me tonight
BTW, Laurene Jobs Powell, Emerson Collective founder & Steve Jobs' widow, is giving a pretty tough interview of Rahn Emanuel.
R.I.P Mr.Fam
Rest I'n peace Heavy D and Joe Frazier. People all we have I's our health
Thank you!
Get ready to see a lot of us in 2012.
First Sundays album - think it might be the pinnacle of that kind of jangly suburban pastoral style, also funny lyrics
Keep all your negativity to yourself. Don't rain on my parade.☂
Going to play basketball at the Rec!
Sencha visualizes mobile app development with Architect 2
Charles Jenkins looks kinda like Theon Greyjoy
Looking for love in all the wrong places...
This the type of game Boston will win
disapointed in the reviews for "the raven", i was thinking i might want to see it from the previews :-(
So I am going to make a stickam. ;D
Heading into the Beverly Center. My land nav skills are always tested in their parking lot.
I have always liked John Waters's eccentric sense of humor.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Do not be to timid & squeamish about your actions. All life is an experience.
Good morning!! 💋
and DADT ain't enough. Can I get an amen! Hope your flight to WA went well :* wish I could've said bye!
happy related birthday
Sigh. Red Sox vs. the Sad Sacks. Q: Can it get any worse for the Padres? A: There's always tomorrow
Who's picking up an Underdog/ scarf from the today? Rumor is there are 15 left.
Our cats do that with glasses too...jerks
and how about next tues at 5 or 6? I will b there! Monica we can always hit up bwi if its easier!
sure if it were you or not?! But, my phone somehow accidentally hung itself up before I could say Thank You. Haha.
I second - gen Y learners are still learners
looking great tonight.
Brian do not hide your actions behind deuce!!!
free or not, you ever make it out to Magooby's Joke House in Maryland??
If you are brave enough to compile it, just send me a copy after that ;-)
Tonight I am playing the role of protector of baby cows...
Never apologize for being who you are just be a good one at it
I'm in one of those sad moods when I just need to talk to my boyfriend, but he's away somewhere... #WhereAreYou?
Shit is hacked, my domain was bought by fucktards and i almost just drank a FLY when going for my coffee.
Every time I see that I'm being followed by Charles Bukowski my heart gets all thick in my throat for a second.
u need a dvr :p
thanks for unfollow (:
Good night to all...and to all a good night!
You're absolutely right, I meditate daily.
took my ball!!
Run and tell the d.j. to run in back on replay
May every answer give you at least one question.
IRT "Success is the best form of Revenge" ... alas #FORGIVENESS is the best form of "revenge"
RIP to the "oldest teenager in the world" Dick Clark.
what the heck you talking about?
There is so much drama in this world, and I want to stay as far away from it as possible.
It works! Revitabrow. :-)
Tom Wells is shooting for NBC today with Ann Curry in Charleston, WV
RT : Recent 3 part interview founder Kolonji Murray did with Ex. Dir. Eli Gordon...
Shout Out to for getting through that 11th inning
Absolutely! RT : Ironically ... Connector for the Mac seems a lighter, easier way to deal with Windows Phone than the Zune ...
I'm going to unbox my Dreamfinder/Figment combo pack on tonights live show! Stay tuned for link!
Great warbler pic!
You bet your sweet ass we are open!
RT : Minnesota House passes #Vikings stadium bill, 73-58.
Working out>
I'll trade for some advil?
Really? Where in HR 3200 does it say that?
Time 4 bed! Goodnight! :)
Good point! Book talks, displays, sharing reading are all ways to help kids branch out on their own terms.
Good night twitter got a long day later 🏃🏃🏃
I'm already following you :)
how have you're Waite so long ? Chick-fil-a is amazing!!!!
what movie or shoe is this from?! Cuz I inned to watch it
Dont blame me for not picking up your slack. If you have everything figured out on the planning end, THEN you can call me out for not wo ...
finally on Twitter...!! better than i thought!
are you coming to the ballgame? Starts in a few minutes
I don't wanna make up westest. 😓 damn #apbio test!
HAPPY HUMP DAY
Follow !!!! BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT !!!!
At school again bout to do another massage therapy core and aid cpr let tis day b quick.
what will you be doing then ?
watching jersey shore and at an party but I'm in side
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
All you need now is some Jack Daniels maple syrup. Then you can get drunk on pancakes.
I sure do love y'all!
'Tanning Mom' is no friend of sunbed industry: Patricia Krentcil's story has given health advocates a new opportunity to discourage i...
thanks Caldwell but says franchise is heading in a different direction.
You did. I giggled a little here as well.
Tim Russell, a former aide to Gov. Scott Walker when he was county executive, arrested for theft. Faces 2 felonies.
“ The only thing we didnt get was a chicken haha we couldnt find one” Dozerr... :'(
I appreciate it when my friends ignore me when I'm right there.
Somebody ordered pancakes I just sip the sizzurp 😏
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I didn't know anything, and and I had to ask for help -__-
Time to go get color for :) it's hair day bo boo!!!
HARDWORK BEATS TALENT IF TALENT DOESN'T WORK HARD. Repeat!
Make me believe...
Lots of luck tomorrow in the Mini.
I know, right? But I'm still going to pick up a few tickets on my way home from work tonight. Crazier things have happened. :)
follow me back??
Tune in 4 a special edition of Thirsty Thursday on Sideways TV tonite exclusive interview w/ Minister Kyle Earley of CVC. Don't miss!
It really pisses me off when people only like Austin because he is extremely good looking. Yes, he's adorable. But he's more than that.
Obama on the other hand is continuously locked out politically with his policy making so that it will look like he has failed
Whaddup birthday. God today I'm 20, no longer a teenager
Are you guys enjoying all of the imagines tweets?! xx
Thanks for following!
will begin 40 minutes minutes of meditation in 1 minute
CANT WAIT FOR #BELIEVE I'm so pumped!!:D
how many more you got? keep them coming. its killing me.
Tell me who you got in the Bulls-76ers series.
Oh I don't think it's the teachers; I look at school boards, pols & corps trying 2 privatize education. I think you're right...(1/2)
Yes is an understatement yeah ha
The Coffee Dinner will be individually 4 courses. Correct ?
Yeah, I'd like to meet new people too!
a black vest and a red tie? Are you secretly supporting DC tonight?
Good morning loved ones!!! Getting ready for work. Sleeppyyyy :(
noo look at you your so freaking beautiful rcmafksajf
ok, please DM acct# or phone+zip. i'll check on this for you
Maybe LL Cool J was just an avid bicyclist?
lots of things...
Just got upgraded to SECOND ROW at OVO! Awesome start to vacation!
Boy we got us somethin special, I know it aint nothin' better; you can trust me cause im tellin ya, ion want nothin else!
too representative of closed-system evil to live with. I think that's the one you're really hanging on too. :)
Thanks for the luck! 2012!!
An abundant arrangement of lilies, gladiolus, or hydrangeas create an inviting environment for an expansive entryway or dining room.
Follow RT Wonder what my doctor was implying when he said "No, really. You need to do more Kegels."
100% guessing.....damn i even impressed myself
Kept wondering who Tony Lucca reminds me of... I was thinking Brandon Walsh but no, it's Aidan Quinn!
I'm trying to work on my game. It's been a while since I last played but I may have something left in the tank. LOL!
yep. it was.
Well Thank you! RT : we like your web site!
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!! Seeing , , at Frankies!! All ages,$15 at the door. Put your costume on & let's go!!
thanks, Vala, and for helping it get as far as it has already!
are you rocking it out? I know u are!
Booze and BURN NOTICE! Relaxing after work!
I wish I was a pro a Spanish! It's all my moms fault. 😱
changing the litterbox
well i just called and he aint pick up..smh..
Boo Im Almost at 300 followers! Help get there give me some of yours you dont want! Lol
You guys have quickly become one of my favorite bands, Ships with Holes Will Sink is my favorite song. Keep the amazing songs coming!
So tired ugh
I'm guessing you have jaw tension or some TMJ equivalent?
Bryson g'moore Thompson one time for the road y not
woo, hopefully we can get tickets for that day:D
Thanks, Scott. It's been a good year so far. Nice weather helps.
hi wats up
Thanks! My first half.
Liberals are Communists in training?? Only in the minds of Conservatives!
If edcafes are a conversation among equals, the focus on a presenter is misplaced, isn't it?
A big wreck will brighten up anyone's day.
you already know!!!
When you text someone:"What do you feel like doing this weekend?" & they text,"I don't know. You?" that's different from "I don't know you".
At a bar with Seattlites post show
dinosaurs went extinct because they ran out of yogurt
Free event tonight! Julie Poplawski will be discussing her book "Fill Your Cup" and I'll be brewing up some tasty samples!
I'd still like to see people in higher ed, however, come together to do their work w/respect and curiosity for learning (cont.)
miss kitty's show! www.blogtv.com/people/Miss_Kitty1987
I'm determined to see the dictator tonight.
27-9, sweet 16, 3 top 5 wins...very happy and proud of what this tm accomplished. NO team worked harder or gave more
Wow GO KINGS GO!
Dolly Parton wrote that song, actually. RT : How bittersweet that the song Whitney Houston wrote is now her tribute.
Might go for a run so I can tire myself out and go to sleep.
dont try to be friends with someone you wanna f*ck ;; it never ends how you want it
's Hilary Shelton: Hunch is nothing but preexisting prejudice.
#TCAs are officially over :( party like an animal lol
#ThePerfectBoyfriend sends a Goodmorning/Goodnight text
#TheWomanInBlack comes out Thursday! So pumped! XD
put petroleum jelly (Vaseline) on them! It will make it stop!
I was wit my bae al damn day
My mom told me she dated Larry Bird's bother when she went to ISU.
work of art is genius. your best series ever. can't wait til its next season!
Jeremiah Jackson from Sewickley Academy is up to talk about a student led project on homeless children -
Happy birthday to and !
thank you (:
that's awesome!
You know you've been spending a lot of time on Twitter when ur frustrated you can't find the "retweet" button on smbdy's FB status update.
it hurt so bad!
4th Annual Iowa Golf Tournament, July 23rd at Arrowhead Golf Club.
Lee: Ppl don't think of drinking water as being connected to violence, but it is.
Dude, I hate to be unkind, BUT... Time has not been a friend to Paris Hilton.
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
Tried to make iced greentea today. Brewed the tea jus rite Add honey Fill the pitcher with ice Handle breaks now i got greentea floor scrub
You don't have to be playing to enjoy the Spirit Week Beach Volleyball tourney! Head over the Kearney to cheer on your favorite team @ 4 pm.
SO beautiful.
They r playing great retro 60's music at Wahlgren's like The Doors. Then some weird noise went off & it sent me into an MRI flashback.
TIP: search something popular like "Justin Bieber" then send that tweet to EVERYONE you see listed!
"f4f" •••► Following 289 - Followers 1132 Don't tell me you're
RT : well then get the hell off twitter (sung to the tune of 'take a load off annie') ...
Keeping up with your quips is tough! 😉
Why does have such addicting music?! Haha fell asleep last night while listening to Stars Align :)
it's a great day to #begreat and be a #sconnie let the sports wi-kend begin
I'm more than overjoyed that people are recalling and remembering me in this light.
take me with:)
Thanks to all those who have and continue to serve our country.
He didn't love her he lusted after her
damn you were right last night! Good call, GO BRONCOS!!!!
Never underestimate the value of competitive intelligence. Being aware of your competitors' strategies can only help you refine yours.
Rise&Grind another day @ work who wants a new tattoo this month? Comment under this post and let know are some of your ideas
tell them you live at /dev/null
Thanks! :) Hope all is well for you too!
good looking Monday's starting tomorrow at Rokkincat! Suit it up!
Can't wait for Chris Brown to release his FORTUNE album it will defo reach the top spot
Happy Snowy Saturday!
you truly are a phenomenal rapper. I love you Pey :)
of course we remembered :) thanks for keeping the office from burning down
she kills me always wanna blame everything on me...ugh!
hello, I'm great wbu? And I'll follow them right now.
#DescribeYourPenisWithAMovie. The bone collector.
This Studio Session
When thugs Cry
thanks we're excited (:
Thanks Kathy! How are you these days?
Wow what a night - Alumni Society Casino night, NFL Draft, Rangers Win Game 7!! And even Devils win their GM 7. Great night
- Thanks for following us!
Sunshine and blue sky just in time for the #CBJ Season Ticket Holder event at the zoo - hope to see you there!
depends on other sides/meal. 1 potato pp is standard but if your mashed potatoes r the best then the answer is MORE.
Loving this awesome Ohio weather!
your seat was empty today
Now thats how you open a school year! Catt-LV!
is off work the rest of the day! Got errands to run. Where are all of "Monsta Clause's" "lil' helpas" at??? Holla atcha boy! Ho ho ho! LOL
Poor LeBron. Couldn't pull it off in the last second this time...
57 dollars in my #OutsideLands fund!
Zen masters pointed to the mind. They didn't like to talk about it. - Bill Porter, Zen Baggage
plays too much
Brunch special: Breakfast Skillet- Roasted red potato topped with two poached eggs, red peppers, red onion and a hollandaise sauce. $7.95
what makes you say that
40 years after man landed on the moon, I'm re-watching it in real time on a personal computer via the internet.
I hope I can see you guys soon when I'm back in Cali!
LOL! That's Tony P. Baby!!
Hey RT : hello there! :)
That's a Victorian-era criminal.
Tonight we made it to Cut Bank at the edge of the mountains & the end of our longest map. 68 mi & a sore knee after a French toast & TV ...
Going to bed. I'm a super duper sleepy head. #promNight/morning
Sex ": What does Wanton soup taste like?"
Peggy is a boss with a bottle of Jameson on her desk.
Thanks so much for the kind words - we'd love to have you at one of our upcoming Happy Hour Fridays!
Good for you! People are entitled to an opinion but get the facts right, right?
Yikes! Panic Attack Central!
Got a lot of things on my mind
PASTOR SHOULD OF KNOWN NOT TO STOP AT THAT GAS STATION.
Working on an SEO proposal for a potential client...always fun! The best part of our industry is getting to work with interesting companies.
Have you found The Avengers in 35mm? Let me know so I can RT. So far I know of the Vista in LA and the in Austin.
Preciate the shot out Lamont!
When you say "OH NO!" and the Koolaid man doesn't burst through your wall and say "OH YEAH!" ....
I'm getting sleepy
Oh that's great! What's planted?
Idaho state Senate is debating the ultrasound-before-abortions bill. I'm watching the Twitter feed #idleg. It's disheartening.
Overall, I enjoyed it though. We've had 3 debates so far, and Smith's surrogate has done worst in all 3.
Listening to while driving makes me go a lot faster than I should
Went on a walk. Got a blister! Could be sock-related. To post a blister pic or not?
the houston texans 7 winning game end also
#kiddori originated from a "there should be an app for that" moment while I was shopping. I'm happy I get to share it with you all. :-)
Best stand up in years (or ever) last night at Laugh Factory w/ surprise treat apperances by Dane Cook & gaggles of other TV/film actors
you are so awesome
Sure, no problem.
Merry Christmas Eve to all! Enjoy, rejoice, and be safe. Felicidades a todos!!
“: #36. Before I die, I would like to participate in a flash-mob.”
I got u, lol
Go State! Nice upset.
"It comes with a hat."
Ready for Kansas Basketball
IM HYPE ! i luv my nxqqaz n last block on gold day, they b havin me weak
I seen u cheating Rudy
Good Am Fam N Fellow twitters Get This Money don't let how you maken it get you!
Can't wait to see you guys in real life! Yay!
damn right now... haha
I cant wait until after school !
Hell no! You rock Billy! I actually like your newer stuff... "New Future Weapon" and "Body Snatcher" are great rock n' roll!!!
Looking like a raging alcoholic!!! Bitch stop drinking!!!
We want to make a Geek Fight set based on anime fandom. Any ideas?
we never went fishn! Wtf is up with tht?
LOVE it when ppl ask me why do u LOVE ")
really? O.o
thanks lil bruh before you know it... You'll be next God bless
The moral of the story is pineapples don't have sleeves.
Remember Kindness
i agree! not sure what context you're talking about, but yeah!
CMU's CapStone program is helping LG to do some killer apps on the smart TV area.
Bachata ... A way to a girls heart <3
Just completed Week 1 - Day 1 of #C25K with
Sounds like a good thing, once the panic passes and the breathing resumes.
OUR 1ST RELEASE 's "Forget About Tomorrow" is on and iTunes as of today! Listen, buy, support the Colorado EDM scene!
Thanks, Tef! salute.
its my life long dream !! I don't think he will but NEVER SAY NEVER ♥♥♥
kloscher it was my first time today! mine was delicious! highly recommend the beer beef torta, but need to get it quick, they run out!
I received an email, and saw it on my page this morning. Even if you gave $.50 I would still be happy you thought about donating.
rock out to The Sliders and never look back! (yeah I know that doesn't rhyme or anything, just go with it!)
HYPOCRISY! tells 2 give back $ of "endorsement" supporters. How about u give back that 200K in anti gay $$ Carl!
For some reason, I don't think he's interested...
Yeah, I got into Howard and Hampton back then and had to turn both down for the same reason :(
omg. Best. Tweet. Ever.
okay wait me :J ?
make it so!!
Bang Bang Club
LOL, Novak died. Thanks, no uptown, just lucky to have a gig.
um......well Melissa and Morgan will definitely tell u I am a "work in progress."
I agree with the good season and good game. Don't wanna hear the rest
I'm following you :)
whatchu think bro 😚🍃💨
I hate it when I try to fix something on my website and I just make it worse.
boy what a nice day outside
B.E.T is airing a wonderful tribute to Whitney's music. #ALWAYSLOVEYOU Let's remember her music not her life...we all fall short...
you looked gorgeous in my jewels darling!!! Mwa mwa kisses love you!!
Elizabeth Park of John L Scott Real Estate (Barkley Village) is probably one of the most helpful people I have ever met!
"...her hands command the lightning, her body the thunder." This is my work.
"If you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best."
You guys think its almost warm enough to put some tank tops in the Night Owl store?
;) whoop thanks girl
I Cried When I first saw . Simply beautiful.
aw yea i knw dhat was scary!
how much I love Chelsea Grin's new song <33
It makes me giggle when fat girls bounce and wobble. Maybe I will be happy if I date a fat girl hahahahahaha
I have 300 tomato plants started. Most are over 8 inches tall. Any of my followers who want to get a jump on the season tweet me up $3 ea.
no. Here YOU go walking down the stair and grabbing me a 40
We're opening the door to the Parlour again today. Who's coming in?
LAME. gotta learn to hold your trop like a real SENIO12.
“: I'm sure that drunk guy you hooked up with last weekend really liked you.”
why your senior??
People who mess with your head -_-
thank you!!!
#Alto s are awesome. :-D
Socia Media now accounts for 22% of all time spent online in the US
papabear be coming to you soon mamabear.
If I were a Duck, I'd be trying to kill myself right about now too RT : Duck family now SB I-5 at Corbett Ave blocking shoulder
Hello tweet world! We are First Class Rentals providing luxury short & long term rentals. Get more for less!
If I don't tweet in about an hour, call 911 because I have passed out from starting back in the gym
As always, it is what it is.
": Thank you for live tweeting for #SPIndy tonight." Thanks from the #Stutz Artists too!
on getting more young girls interested in tech educ and careers
#Aztecs are trying to get their way back into this one, but still trail 43-51 with 12 left.
Oh girl said she loved the tats
Yeah, I think it's mostly about the sex.
This #FollowFriday check out - Then stop by the store for a frozen treat!
What breakfast menu item is said to have been brought to America by the Irish? a. Porridge b. Bran Muffins c. Oatmeal d. Waffles
Go follow :]
RT : learning about , a project of for interfaith. i am officially a #socialmedia convert
Trying to watch the Royals game and win a twitter contest.
Love to hear that! Which hotel are you at?
Great Mission indeed! Thanks for the tweet. You going to make the trek from Sammamish to a Belltwon happy hour with us some day?
nah I'm thinking he's been cultivating that thing since the early 80s.
Wow, try using the new on a netbook - complete #FAIL - header is too big - I can barely read articles
God won't let you drop out. He'll test test you til you pass.
thanks Gary!
I live about an hour from there! It is no problem, just depends on what day/time you fly in on so I can see if I'm working
Hi Thank you for the follow. My last name, Swearingen, is Dutch. It used to be Van Swearingen. Kind regards.
RT: Jim Murphy I just cracked my f'ing #iPhone!
Has anyone been to club secrets?? Crazy saturday nights with godj mankind!!
Ok time to send these fans from schaumburg!
Jamie Dimon is not the ineffective CEO type he's been a good bank CEO for a long time.
Thanks for listening! Glad we didn't ruin our chances.
Enjoyed your vlog abt Facebook. I always felt my page should be more “friends” than “fans,” but maybe I need to rethink it.
Travels colliding. Just met people behind #Aulani PR at #prsaicon about a month after I stumbled upon the hotel's grand opening
Drove up to Limerick, took lots of pix of the beautiful trees and mountain views, mossy rocks, a woodland stream.
Ugghhhh I left that ass
seriously I'm in the same boat
Soaking in knowledge (some have Coronas) with and
“: you can be Lana and i can be that guy in the background of that song that i still don't know" ahah yes okay!
Aye, , but we must keep off the moors...
Students who write inappropriate things on walls, desks and in bathrooms.. Grow up already
#Pandora has become my new best friend
We caught a squirrel sucking water from a leaky kitchen faucet; it also burrowed inside our living room sofa. My theory...
Control ya kids ma'am b4 I give them cavities with my lifetime supply of candy!
I thought I was already following you, ha. Sorry! But thanks for all the laughs. :)
Shoutout to Central Seniors!!!!
New Orleans Head Coach suspended for a YEAR without pay…wow!
do they have just a list of when they're going where instead of having to search?
Famine came again, and the cub with clearer consciousness knew once morethe bite of hunger
HOUSE CALL: Oral contraceptives — Multiple uses help to improve quality of life
:* hey lovely!
Privatizating/auctioning off our public schools is not the answer. How about increased $ & sustained invstmnts in #literacy & #earlyed?
I'm sure they will but ill still stop buy
THanks for following - great tips on your site!
anytime. If you ever have any clients that need SEO , feel free to send them my way.
Just turned in my Ruby on Rails final exam for fall semester 2011. I had to do it in Rails 3.0.10 (current as of then). My how times fly.
I'm on #11tips with ipad and can not join chat, see polls, or otherwise participate. FYI
Thanks for the retweet!
BGC Reunion is going hard tonight. Camilla was beating ass 0_0
How am I suppose to #fap with 2% battery-_-
Well I didn't say I don't follow some demented people after all, look at me LOL
RT : RT : TRAFFIC ALERT: There are still traffic lights out. PLEASE treat intersection as 4-way STOP
cracking down on my homework
Far East Movement are so bad I thought they were the Black Eyed Peas
I'm quick to diss
Wooohoo and plus, who in their right mind would even attempt to unfollow you Jess?
lol that's like the main thing in my icon is like his nipple lol
thanks for following us
I've tried it... It is pretty hard!
I did an hour ago. Felt amazing
Nice. Gotta read some of your stuff!
there he goes
Or hidden within a gnarly beard?
Great rehearsal! Squeezing in one more before the reading.
too much hair and too much Aerosmith
Rehearsal is complete at the main stage theatre for the Global Collection
#mlanet12 For non-LAC and NPC members, do you know the tie into flying monkeys and MLA '12?
"Never dull your shine for somebody else."
There are only two options regarding commitment. You're either IN or you're OUT. There's no such thing as life in-between. Pat Riley, Coach
So my kitten tryna fight this new kitten i got today lol..juz messy!
Practice tomorrow :x
love the profile pic!
You're welcome! We're having a great Thursday, how is yours going?
Look for a Texas Americana music festival coming to the San Antonio/Texas hill country in the near future. Good stuff!
Now I need to go back to Costco. . . There don't seem to be many grocery stores in this area.
I want to make a pyramid of my money, slide down it & tell my family you'll never have to worry about money again.
It's important to never get the big head.Once you lose the respect of the people it's almost impossible to get it back.
nah I'm goin out on friday :)
from 2 hours still listen who says, haha, i love it! ♥ :)
Quitting is not an option when you realize you were built to succeed
amen girl amen
Let's start at one, and count the days... (1/40)
studying: the act of watching tv, eating, and texting with an open textbook nearby.
You should let me love you.
- also we're following you now!
Blood clot in Mariano Rivera's right calf has been revealed as the mystery complication.
that young sintra I video is fucking amazing
3pm Sunday. At a wonderful event w booklovers. You?
24 days Justin!!! Can't believe it! So happy! this movie will change my life:)
Set my alarm for 6PM instead of 6AM. I blame the Darkest Hour Imperial Beer Stout. It was worth it.
LOL, is that really gonna work? What are you trying to right?
Through TRIAL & ERROR you will eventually PERFECT your TECHNIQUE & ESTABLISH a whole "NEW BEST PRACTICE!" ;-)
You may be wondering if this is a person or a computer responding.
Isn't it time for credit unions to become the Cult Brand for financial services?
#Germany Bad boy Union #CivilWar General Joe Hooker. Controversial Novel "General Hooker's Gal" by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
8yo just came up and asked if I knew what channel the "guys dressing up as women" is on. #RuPaulsDragRace #WhatHaveIDone O_o
We have been at our KK location for 1 year now! To say THANK YOU, we are offering you a FREE OUTDOOR WORKOUT on Sunday, May 6th from...
Yeah, ridiculously talented. Crazy how he fell apart. Still, no real risk for the O's, so anything they get from him is gravy.
GIS crew at #cchaiti #dc is in a separate building away from the main hiv. Learning the ropes on QGIS.
Got my milk now I wanna fuck someone and ill be happy
I C , I'm trying to get a few more peeps to make a team
That's music to my ears!
lolol cause I'm in the inside of the seat hiding xD & Ikr. I couldn't leave my bed this morning
