Shit you not, a pal of mine had one in elementary school. It was about 30 shades of awesome...until you played it.
lol. Your awesome too!! Good luck with everything man! Stay in touch!:)
Omg! He is so fine.
what is it. Torn acl?
Are you bringing some sushi treats on Monday?!
First project under my company is now officially SAG signatory!
#SadMomentWhen you realize the whole time you thought was special was all a lie ):
Nope - "Partner in Crime" LOL! RT : Was it under Dial Varga?
Ron artest and stephen jackson went ham on them fans
fat bastard knocked me down at the attack attack show. But still pretty kick ass show. :)
No bet. But make the donation! RT : I've got a $100 donation to if any of the 4 GOP budgets gets a single Dem vote.
so these komos is are trying to talk blakc nd she cussin to damn much
Senioritis is kicking my ass hard.
i love you.
The Royals were my team when I was in 4th grade.
Thank you for alerting your followers to our publication!
Hence K. Gregg coming out of the pen “: this is just one of those games throughout the year that you just give away #Orioles”
The ACC is jamming the College Baseball Top 10 this season. Could this be the year for a non Miami CW winner?.
I love Jazz.
Just had the worst fright of my life.....I looked in the mirror....
Who ready for black friday shopping? #FieldDay Lol
Haha, that's awesome. Wroten's fouls in the final minute evened out a lot of the officiating...
Eat small portons during meals and control where you get your sugar
In order to gain the most, you have to know how to convert the negatives into positives
RT: : Love is not who you can see yourself with. It's who you can't see yourself without. <3 :)ILYShawty<3
Authentic learning moment: a game of #Monopoly after a visit 2 #borders liquidation sale. 2 boys, 8 and 11, I call them my mini-tycoons!
dude just came out of nowhere!
When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. It's a whole different way of thinking. ~ Elayne Boosler
During the day he is your average uppity SUV-driving businessman, but by night.... ANGRY JSONLINE COMMENT-MAN
Too tired right now
Are you a D/M/V #SCREENWRITER, that needs to pitch to #film producers? Considering putting an event together - would like to hear from you.
Serious MTA struggle this morning
will do !
when my teacher points out that my face is swollen ya thanks for pointing out the obvious I just had my wisdom teeth cut out!
Score! Ice cream keeper & New ice cream scoop. Cannot wait to make homemade ice cream. Beyond excited!! Pull out the ice cream maker pronto!
Damm its hot, bit niajer Morgan is my new favorite brewer
We got a problem *slaps both knees*....DO WE? Classic
RT : What happens to books of non-complying classes? "Books Are Stored While Tucson's Mexican-American Studies Is...
This sucks
Every girl has that ONE guy that no matter how angry he makes her she would still put up with him.
#DailyQuote: "The average dog is a nicer person than the average person." - Andrew A. Rooney
check your facebook thats where he sent it to me
Why bother asking to follow me because I know he won't ever follow me:(
please lol... u don't ever talk to me, so don't come at me wit that BS
Back from Boston; had a nice time at the celebration
Has made it to Google+ !!! Let me know if you want an invite
actually, this word is about to trend... Lol
If you could reset your bracket with the current Sweet 16 teams, who would you pick to win the national championship?
Dinner at tonight
Want breakfast on us? Nominate your company by tweeting and use the hashtag #AdminProfWeek by 4/16. First 5 will win.
Thanks Kevin.
Staying quiet doen't stop people from thinking negatively about you. So always speak your mind with no fear.
That dead possum tweet is hilarious! Hope that smell goes away. Ugh. You poor thing.
Yes, watching! Good stuff!
is my bf just letting u knO
there are timeouts in curling?
Just watched a woman take off somebody's rear-view mirror with a shopping cart at Target and pretended nothing happened.
Most amazing stat of the 1st half: #Thunder only had ONE turnover.
Holy Freakin Shit!! My day just was made! is now on twitter! Welcome & its about time Dude!! Your Fucking Awesome!
RT ": Make sure to get outside and hug a tree today!" I hugged two :)
« if a #Taurus has something to tell you they'll take you aside rather then tell you in front of people.»
it's okay I love u.
Also, Milwaukee Brewers! WTF?!?
not recently
Ah, the usual after-school whining, fighting and screaming routine.
Ok Ima hop off Twitter 4 a minute. I gotta get on my grown woman real quick....
Let's go Dallas.
You are welcome!!! RT : Thanks for following us !
we are not losers, we are lasers
HEY get off twitter! You need to get lots of rest for our photoshoot tomorrow!!!!! :)
♪Sheenah is a punk rocker - Osaka Ramones
My grandma said "You need to read a Bible chapter", Til I bought her ass a house bigger den her Pastors
yeah they do!!!
“There are truths that are singularly shy & ticklish & cannot be caught except suddenly. That must be surprised or left alone.” Nietzsche
Heading into the Holiday season we wish everyone a happy Thanksgiving, Holiday greetings and Happy New Year.
WHAT'S GOOD WAKA THIS JSMOVE TRYING TO GET U ON CHROMEKORLEONE NEW ALBUM FOLLOW HIM ON TWITTER HE USE TO BE SIGNEDw/3 6 MAFIA
says the technology has passed foursquare by. Good, because foursquare is flipping stupid.
thanks for the FF!
: What is that clip after every show?
that moment when a 1D song comes on in PE class and you're resisting the urge to sing...(:
you should follow me:)
Cops head huntin tonight
So much bass you can't keep yo pants up!
if Frazier's using correctly then I shouldn't have a problem showering with a urinal.
relationships, mean, wen
At South Metro Denver Chamber editing B.I.G. Day event video. LOVE the cloud!
Hey, and I are in. soon to come! You?
"Do you like potatoes?" xD
I just can't help it... Charlie Hunnam, my new crush (sorry Kyle!): www.imdb.com/video/hulu/vi2030109209 .
im confused why robertson isnt in the pen. a righty is due up for the rangers..
Getting asked for hugs & kisses every few minutes by a three year old <
Tell her she's 'beautiful' instead of 'hot.' She's a person, not a temperature.
should have figured you'd be there as well but I didn't happen to spot you there. that was some really interesting stuff
Low key that Samsung Galaxy S I looks like it is coming down on the iPhone. All kinds of features to bad all androids not like that. LBVS!
Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone. Hope you have the luck of the Irish today.
* moms trippin b/c i forgot to wake her up at 4:45 -_____-
I don't know why I hate you so much.... But dammit if you slip one time you are so beyond #FUCKED!
Meeting the late, great #JamesMoody and him saying, "Laura! Are you the face in the misty night, baby?"
Other people to. What?!?! I'm sorry it's gonna rake me More then 4 and a half months to recoup from a 6 and a Half long year relastionship!
if you are already following us then it will show up on your feed. If not, follow the #Scharcares hash tag
craziness! glad to hear that it was well-attended too. hope the ppt and ballots worked out.
Any time man! Really appreciated all the emails & the tips/encouragement
I meant to say good dizzle
Packing for Internet Librarian 2009. Woo Hoo
Is anyone else as excited for summer as we are?
all the beautiful women-customers of CUMIN :)
I got the email too! Hope RSS and blogs are not BB's though!
Fantastic quote. Thanks for sharing.
Another field goal | Wildcats extend lead to nine | Now or never guys |
Hope everyone is having a great weekend so far!! xo
I just love having an earthquake while im at the beach....
Bad headache today. Not enjoying my day off because of it. Glad i have friday and saturday off to make up for today.
We will always miss you, May she rest in peace, as she is smiling down on us, singing her way into our hearts & remember the memories of her
well this was not a great badger team. The fact they pulled it together is pretty amazing.
Your thoughts on Avengers mirror my own. I want to catch it a 2nd time in 3-D this time to see if it holds up.
Sitting at my aunts house looking at old pictures. :)
I don't think I can live without espn3 now. I'm kind of upset now when CBS has games and you can't see replay.
Yea right, it'll happen! Just let it be...
Just because you're "high pulp" doesn't mean I should have to chew you.
Line for secret screening at is much, MUCH longer than expected
Niall , please please please Answer my questions , Would you come to Turkey?
AWESOME TO HEAR!!! RT: Just confirmed with my team captain, Can't wait for '10!
Man i miss my HS track days...PTHS was untouchable!!!!!
So bored at lunch with no one to talk to.
Who will testify to Congress if their personal beliefs are turned into a personal attack on them? Bullying is just wrong.
Playing Headhunters on Friday at 10pm
Getting a head start on
Tequila and whatever I can find to mix it with.. why? Cause I ran out of lemons..
what are you looking forward to most in the future??
In conversation, humor is worth more than wit and easiness more than knowledge
If youre depressed, youre living in the past. If you have anxiety, youre living in the future. If youre at peace, you're living in the now.
No :( He Visting His Grandparents In Nicaragua
yeah, take a number.
My wine must now be at the perfect temperature... ready for my pizza!
Some cranky antique dealers get mad if you won't buy overpriced items. Its not a museum they would like to say...but they wish it was.
At this spot Fire & Ice in Beantown...I've been trying to drop a couple lbs. Ain't gonna work tonight...
Getting late here. Thanks for scenic flashback to '93. Have a good night.
Continuing with the zombie theme...now watching the shot-on-video, post-apocalyptic SHATTER DEAD. Viva undead rights!
taking calls at 877-996-6369 live now on fox
Thanks for the add:) Wishing you
"Acrosonic Tonic" on air right after Bobby, from 3-4!
Am I down because I bother.... Or do I bother because im down?.. Sorry everyone
I think I seen one of my followers the other day and she acted like i didn't know who she was like she was embarrased.. Lmao..
i smell a blossoming bromance
We creatives with worthless degrees still seem to eke out remarkable livings, don't we?
2 1/3 months I get my licenses can't wait.
Final #Detroit #CouncilDistrictsMaps special meeting tonight 7pm at East Lake Baptist Church, 12400 East Jefferson, west of Connor.
Enjoying past and not-so-past photos streaming from our Apple TV. Killer jowler action shot from
The latter. Everything from Shakespearean/Elizabethan to WWII
Rats always have to walk in the street...that's what the sidewalk is for damn
Done with exams and classes until later this month....gotta tackle this anatomy/phis no matter what >_<
In the car with my mom waiting for my little bro to get out of school.
I miss you too babe . 💘
Forget interest reduction. At least 1/3 of those loans are going to need principal reduction within a decade.
Portal 2 - Peer Review Co-op Playthrough With Mitch & Mat Part 2
I told you we could take care of that!
ok cool cuz some people lie boiut living in texas
Angel isnt gonna be here again
But the fries be on point up here
...s in time t." Um. When the trig directions are too long to fit in one tweet, we have a problem.
Our Jack Black travel kit is perfect for men on the go. It includes scented shaving cream, body scrub, and lotion. Come and pick one up!
Nicki this isn't funny #stupidhoe I saving to meet you in Boston or even in new York and nothing? Will you be coming in the fall
Happy to be there! It was a great event. Love your place, driven past several times,first time inside!
Super duper weird
Institute of Mind Sciences - Offering certification courses both on-site and via distance learning that will prepare you for the...
Pubcon Las Vegas 2012 To Feature New Social Media Marketing (SMM) Masters Group Training Program
Blush will be closed today in honor of our fabulous moms! We will re-open for normal business hours tomorrow for all your beauty needs!
I completely agree with you cc: cc:
Living in Portland is like living in a black and white world, and then when the sun comes out you're in Oz.
Approaching 2k on the ol twitter! Tell you friends to follow us! We'll put up something FREE when we cross the line
Headed to gym for day 3 of operation banish post baby bulge! Any and all tips on this front encouraged :)
I thought Arizona or Miami but he was quick to shut them both out ha
To what extent do P&T committees consider the 20-30-40 year impact on the field of awarding someone tenure?
I always find myself in the most ridiculous situations
so excited might be in a music video. lol for some reason a lot of bands are shooting videos in phily cause its cheap
For pics and updates tonight and tomorrow, please check out www.twitter.com/pdxcompassion
I hate that study. They didn't test men's reactions when the woman was lesbian / married / etc
He's a sweet talker! <3
Can I be tried for past crimes? I'm like sperm hitler!
Right now my life is in the very awkward place known as flip flop/ Ugg limbo.
Rock Paper Scissors weekly tournament starts on Thurs 26th. Taking 16 players, one $50 winner. First 16 get to play. 6PM start.
As a fan my heart is in my stomach. As a friend I just want to get better! Sending out prayers to Terrell Suggs
Register to our newsletter for your chance to win a 7 Day-6 Night Stay in Puerto Rico...
Babe was here.
haha! maybe we should have a casting call next time :)
Patient Education Blog: No Time To Teach-The Essence of Patient & Family Education for Health Care Providers
Mandatory evac of nearby YWCA as shifting winds are causing breathing probs
most importantly, yes. i can too in 4 months....
Confidence, beauty, character, fierceness....... LadyVixens!
Drawing the gears for a simple rope #excercise idea.
Ok, That's not fucking normal. . . What 16 year old guy tries to date a 13 year old? GROSS
Thks for saying hi!! I think would be interested to know this. She is working in our HR using social media.
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil wait you were never cute.......
just ordered a patty melt
#AmITheOnyOne who thinks it's sexy when a girl smokes a joint?
yeah? send me a link of your work man.. talk soon
My advice: Develop some kind of fixed schedule (dance, gym, rock climbing, whatever). A routine will help.
Solid day at the #Cape today
will be awesome for sure
Nightmares of Gallardo's 2008 injury dancing in my head.
At another excellent thesid defense. Katie Phelps, you go girl!
Haha.. Wish you luck with that ! :)
Why not?
Best tweet of the day: ": I love Middleton High School. #shitnobodysays" Hahahaha
If Rudy Gay could get injured again the Grizz might pull this out.
Really tired.!!
Congrats to my big bro for being named to the NBA All Decade Team!!!
-Yo, hit me up when you get a chance!!
Well it is kind of playoff weather. Brrr!
I think Little Debbie and I are the perfect match!
“I had a couple of drinks. I started in 1970 and finished in 1985. It was a very big drink.” Alice Cooper
why thank you!;) it was very fun, joan is a great teacher. Will definitely try to do more. :S
Stayed in bed til 7. Have to get some work done, workout in, then more paperwork. Have to remain #focused. #countdown to Baltic
You watch ROH post this shit on YouTube next week too.
Going to go bike >>>
At the Panera Bread in Studio City. ahh. bread!
pork-wrapped pork. Just have to work in a little chocolate and it would be the perfect food.
I hope everyone has a safe and prosperous day;-)
thank u Tangie
Who needs collagen? Nothing a swift kick in the mouth from your 2-year-old can't do for ya...er...maybe a little less even
indeed...deciding my answer
TY for the shout out
2 wanna ride
nope. I have to hang with Obama on Wednesday in Detroit.
Good Morning! Hope you have a wonderful day! : )
Try Japan. With 13 minutes to go, that could be the dagger. Absolutely no offense for the Eagles in the 2nd half.
Dear Math , I don't want to solve your problems, I have my own to solve. ^.^
I am celebrating life and excited to inspire others to live their dreams. I am rising to the top fast and making a big impact on the world.
Wishing I was back in RO already..
Shessssh I'm stuff! Baked chicken, mashed potatoes with gravy and corn with green beans! It sure was delicious!
night twitter
Hi Nathanial, Did you see my email via Molly? I'm glad to work more on this if you are still interested.
Since Stubs ended I haven't been working on much stuff for Duidl. I still update my personal one () often.
Today is my nephew Jack's 6th birthday. He will probably be traumatised at my rendition of 'happy birthday' when I sing it to him later
bumpin the duets, final chapter. forgot how good this shit was
long as u do
yeah, you're better off. I have to watch because of Donald, but once I knew he was safe I turned it off b/c Chris Brown is on
So tired... I think this will be a tea, Dr. who and sleep early night.
backatcha of course!
For the record, Suns clinch the No. 13 pick if Houston wins tomorrow. Otherwise they will draw straws for 13/14.
Are you following ?? It's new ... jump on.
2 homes coming this summer on 647 NE SUMNER ST.
RT If you like to dance and like house music... well then stop down tonight.. should be an interesting evening
Easily the best laugh of the week when welcomed colleague back to the office today!
LEGGGAHGOOOOOO!!!!!! KU!!! We representing'!!!!!! Who hoooooo!!! I'm just saying watch your backThat block was Hot!!!!
Have you recovered yet?
This is what I can NOT wait for! RT Escargot Day is coming up on Thursday, May 24th. Come enjoy our 4 course tasting menu.
where are u now?
Workout 1 is in the books, now time to eat, rest for a cpl of hours and then do workout 2 before Colony tonight :).
yes we do! I'm the only real one. Got a new one from Scott....corny af.
Oh I want a reading!
Wish I'd been at this session! RT : Time to join a new group: Beyond Facebook NAFSA on FB
i downloaded this thing on my computer
SHOUTOUT TOO >>>>> GO FOLLOW SHE NOW !! ♥ FOR BEAUTIFUL TWEETS ♥
I'm heading to New York:D
A man that will bust a jaw for his woman when someone disrespects her. >>> 💜👍😊
I love it! I think it suits your face and personality. :)
Do the Gronkowski brothers have strong takes?
It is a Legit Gaming Account.
Mark Cuban so sad lol
just creeped hardcore on moble uploads
thought you'd enjoy that
Today is the Last Day for our Toy Drive! Please stop by with an unwrapped toy. Live Jazz tonight from 7pm to 9pm with Joe Marillo!
Agree. I get a lot of crap for being a SEC fan. For me better games and better atmosphere.
wish I could watch to with u :-)
There's no way any teenager sent more text messages than I did today.
Still on the Tbolt. What's up?
Madness has arrived and Cinderella is in the building!
Pretty little liars tonight! :)
Remember when in elementary school, if a mf don't let u cut in line they ain't ya REAL friend!
Sorry for the delay - thanks so much!
DONE WITH 2/3RDS OF MY HOMEWORK OH JESUS
Thanks for the #FollowTuesday mention and the RT. Like all your clever abbreviations on the Mandela
vacation s almost over and again i didnt do anything for school :// why daa f** do this spanish exchange pupils have to come on my bday :((?
Can I get it in movie form? Or how many pages is the book?
Thanks! Composed it this week; glad you liked it.
It really is. RT : Haha! It's life changing!
Damn. OK.
"When life puts you in tough situations, don't ever say "Why me?" Instead, always say: "Try me."
David Wright = coward
Use bolds, underlines and italics. They help you emphasize important words and phrases.
Who wins tonight: or ?
Ouch Dudes gonna have a headache later
Good day for a sunny walk, lease signing, and relocation. I do this every few years just so I can justify visiting Ikea for meatballs
I'm not the prettiest. I'm totally random, and quite often bitchy. I sure as hell am no super model. But I'm real.
I can see Can he see me?
#thingsiheareveryday get off the Xbox dad I want to play
come rock out with us at the grand opening of Club XCESS at Remington Park in OKC - doors open at 9:00 pm - rowdy tunage all night long:)
You can never be too safe
we're not, specifically, but I think/hope he is; has to be pretty interesting
Tips Thai!
I don't care if you just left, I already miss you.
this.. J. Cole is *head bopping* gr8
I want som more!
whaddup real dude.I threw you a shout on my upcoming record! Keep doin ya thang playboy!
Watching my school on ESPN 2 in the division 2 NCAA football championship. Let's go Wayne State!!!
Just followed a few ppl. Now im ret ta go.
Multiple people have told me that I grunt/moan in my sleep ....
haha I think it's catchy. Why do you hate it? :p
Thanks for the shoutout!
I can drink Peach Snapple forever <3
It's impossible to take a 10 day vacation without gaining 10 lbs.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt always use the proper toasting procedures.
Awesome battlefield and skyrim sessions last night.
If you guys are talking about what I think you're talking about, she was there Saturday. Did you see (or hear) her?
If you followed me, it'd be amazing. Just saying, plus you're incredibly talented. Thanks much love. x
guess i dont deserve anything i have anymore #whadidowrong?
#first40songsonshuffle we rock- , the show goes on- , when i look at you- (10-12)
Anyone wanna join.?
and by better I mean for both client and facebook...I would be more inclined to use FB if i could update my twitter status from my FB page
The greatest wealth is health
The war I mean, not the horse.
they are cinna-spins.. made out of SUGAR COOKIES! BOOM!
I will update everyone with Jacks score from his Monday night league tomorrow #guessJacksscore But feel free to start guessing now.
The Commodore PET-2001 (1977) has the worst keyboards of any full-size computer.
Ready for Bracketology - classical style?? Find out more starting March 27th on WQED-FM 89.3.
Good job but how big can a bass get?
says owns more land in the world than any other landowner...except the Catholic Church
Maurice Sendak may be no more, but his imagination is just starting to inspire my children.
Power already going to go out?
$1 oysters tonight, one of Chicago's coolest hidden gems. Great venue and don't miss the beautiful 2,200 sq ft beer garden.
What about 6AM at a Richmond coffee house? You name the palce. BTW, Maggie Morris wishes that you would come back to Crozet ES.
I've been good and you? Haven't seen you around or nothing, what have you been up to? Are you still in CO?
"Think Like A Man" was a really fun movie!! had me cryin!
You are so beautiful in this picture!!!!!!!
"I'm mad we all look malnourished but your ass still look fat!!" I love my number 5 lmao
I know! Obama is kicking ass!
RT For A Safer Way to Secure Funding. Checkout this site... Bit.ly/fundingprogram via
I just hope they can fit Amy's hair on a white tee. RIP
If they aren't doing it now, why expect it in the future? Use the money to NOT cut other places.
Suck my TWEET
I will NOT miss LA traffic.. 20 min to travel 1.4 miles?? Seriously?! Seriously...
Damn I'm trying to remember what happened Saturday night. don't remember any of these text :/
then he better come up big in the playoffs it comes down to him to help rose and deng carry the bulls
Winter planning means spring gardening classes and new varieties of delicious veggies at !
Strong showing by . Hopkins Lax over Albany 17-6. Perfect night on Homewood Field.
Artificial Intelligence usually beats real stupidity.
My car clean
um, ok
hahaha I was actually just about to ask that when I saw that tweet...
Baby Showers -- a really popular event, before June weddings, There is nothing missed out at htpp://www.confiden.com/babyshowers.
"The Hardest Thing To Do Is Watch The One You Love, Love Someone Else."
upside...I'm closer to home. downside...I've been in Atlanta int'nat'l airport since 5 flippin am. And why are there so many candy apples??
People who think they can't be racist cause they nom black dude for prez are same folks who think a guy can't be gay if he's married w kids
At the Kahlahri restaurant.. Where are you for dinner?
Braun does not have a deal with State Farm
you are what you believe, be a superhero. save lives any way you know how. my weapon of choice is the guitar, whats yours?
your only getting BETTER!!...enjoy you day!
Closing on a house, just bought car insurance, getting married...I don't like growing up. Where are my video games!?
TRUE STORY~ & the other half I'm just talkin to people . School work jus doesn't fit that equation
Mid-June
“: Bristol Palin giving morality of marriage advice is like Octomom giving parenting advice. It makes no sense.”
Digable planets ... er ... shabazz palaces about to go on ...
thundestorms = low pressure and that can cause headaches and diff kinds of pains in people.
Something's different. ... Anything different is good! Happy Groundhog Day!
Ugh. We needed that. We're being so impatient today! What the fuck!
This girl just walked in with a Vera Bradley umbrella. .......I want you.
On the other hand, Kadima had managed to survive despite being designed purely as a governing party, not an opposition one.
Trying to improve performance of this laptop and making it more recoverable. Formatting the C: drive not trivial.
My summer >
Love it when you give me head, hate it when you give me headaches - J-Cole
I'm a chessy dork at heart guys!! :D
This fool said John F. Kennedy is on the 50 dollar bill and his name stand for Just Freaking Kidding so he's not dead. I can't.
this weekend! Im thinkin about going there as soon as I can!
I LOVE THAT PHOTO.
hope you found them useful!
dont you notice we're retweeting almost all your tweets?
hahah I respond to all my replies (:
Happy St. Patty's Day! Please stop by Champion's Pub on Bartlett Ave. and donate a non perishable food item! Thanks for your support!
awe great pic
No idea.
aw. I got mine during presale too. but nothing like that.
Sunday Morning Spanglish Breakfast Sandwich! YUM! Great way to start a Sunday! :)
Thank you. The costs of protesting aren't equal, b/c enforcement isn't equal. POC and/or undocumented people face greater risks.
Thank you so much for suggesting folks follow us. We appreciate the support
#KONY2012 Supported by have you heard the word?
don't take me too seriously
I called the suicide hotline. Got a call center in Pakistan. They got excited and asked if I could drive a truck.
Hope everyone had a safe and happy 4th =)
Brands are now getting kred.ly influence scores for their entire follower base, good way to know who to DM and listen to.
"I lost all respect for 50 cent when he hated on Justin. Really. And now 50 cent and Justin Bieber are hanging out together? ok."
thanks fam, we appreciate the support and look forward working with you.
I just came from a Libertarian Party meeting and at the end no different than one another. America we need to understand this, we are one
well I'm about do that haha. Its amazing how droids let you text with one hand lol
Thanks for the follow. If you have a moment, feel free to DM sometime. Cheers!
Good month! Deff getting Harold and Maude, Hollis Frampton, and the Late Spring upgrade!
JOMDC FH Studio Mgr Caroline Besley & our Marketing/PR Mgr will be at the Dina in DC event tomorrow! Look out for them.
police: son. That aint yours you aint got no rights to pain on it Graffiti artist: yes huh, its got my name on it, see?
The UDC Backus Campus will offer 23 Associate Degree programs including fashion merchandising and construction.
makes science so much fun! best teacher ever!
this is for me this is for you our fuerza our strength & our truth
my profile says 6,995 tweets, my page says 6,998 :O which one is it?!?!
I have a scar on the back of my ear from my second hole closing up. I don't think that's normal
Enerchia fact of the day: Chia is still a traditional food for the Tarahumaras and Chumash people in Mexico.
Both the and lose home playoff games tonight. :-( Let's hope for better results soon!
I can only imagine the challenges we will get if people continue to get confused. Note to teens: your teachers didn't assign erotica
What i gotta do to meet you,
#FOLLOWTHON will be coming to an end soon lol so hit me if you want the follow back.
and i think i want one more head on it .. if you want. maybe roog.
it was so funny!
. Notice how kids today have no attention span? Too busy watching 19h38m of Harry Potter
I'm bored can someone text me I'm ing
Reminds me of SPalin nomination man-on-street reaction "I love her-she sounds just like girls at the corner shop"
DJ's are DJ's..MC's are MC's..They should never do each others job. When you hear the DJ talking more then the music playing thats a problem
eu queria ir pro show do rio :(
Paul's Boutique got me through my summer as a janitor at my old high school.
ad people love to TALK about what's not happening in the industry a lot more than they like DOING something about it.
RT : ON CAMERA to bystander: "How bad is the wind right now?: #Andy Fox
Bull shit! I would tip the other maids $20 each..: Maybe it's because they secretly know you don't like to ...
Hope this day turns out to be better then the last two days, that was hell.
We The Kings makes me feel like you know what RT We the kings makes me feel like summer
Omg lol he wags his tail! So cute! Looovvee it!
Congrats on the round! Your transparency is refreshing and inspiring. Would love to grab a meal sometime in the near future...
Think #TaylorSwift is great, but I thought she sounded really out of tune 2nite! #Beyonce was incredible! Loved #Pink, #Gaga Of Course!
Awake! I love sleeping in even when it means I have work until late at night 😌
all day Sunday bro!! Just let me know when man!!
Fantasy Factory looks so much fun.
"Grace Anatomy" - Part 3 is now available on the Reconnection iPhone app. Learn how to access God's supernatural ability. Get it today.
GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT
Looking forward to a well played WC final on Sunday!!!
So good to see 's smiling face at church this morning! Love you!
Heh, today's going to be a blogging day it seems :D
It has huge upsides, too (and people with cushy fellowships are in great shape), but yeah, it can also really suck.
To my Facebook pals... once Timeline is pushed to everyone, you can find me on Twitter at FridayNiteGuy. I will still use FB, but as often.
good morning tweetie
RT : I think most men don't like giving oral. They just do it to get you wet. And if that's your only purpose then buy lube.
I love driving during summer nights with the volume high and the wind blessing me;)
lol I don't wear then often, that's a good thing...I like my flats.
My boo on skype with his friend who shows him his child my boo was like wow HE looks like you then his friend is like SHE is a girl lmao
The first 5 twitter followers to come see me at the show will be entered into a drawing for a free subscription to MSDSonline.com (#543)
Got drum corp tomorrow and i lost my sticks.. sorry Mr.Berry!! Please no pushups!!
I love you back!!
We leave around 1pm. So I may have time to buy a couple of things. Depends on how long I stay in the shower. LOL
I went to school w/Callie!! Bt she Lefted US!!!!!! :(
Fail could of kept the Reeboks RT : Y'all like the new Nike jerseys?
Aries people fight without hate for their opponents.
Have a great Sunday ! God Bless !
The problem with someone having connections at the bar is that everyone gets really drunk, really fast...
no im sorry i was just messing around well be at howe
let me have my alter ego plz
what music do you like?
Hey, I want to hear #ImNotAGangsta by !
good luck tomorrow!
We should meet up there! I'm giving a paper on the last morning, but will probably be there the whole time.
oh no. Hope everything is all right soon.
congrats, struggling to get started with my own weight loss
This is exciting news! Former 'SVU' star Chris Meloni is in talks to make his TV comeback on True Blood as a powerful vampire:)
Idc ..Cotto is out there doing it
I don't need your "Score" to tell me shit. stop trying to data rape everyone.
Wait! I thought you looked familiar.... from that Levine event! Cool!
Vernon High doing the Jr. version of Guys and Dolls!?!?! Lol
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try getting a friend to workout with!
": Time for the NBA to come-up off that 6th-man award today...... Everyone congratulate he worked his tail off."
“: Is anyone else's instagram not loading....?” mine isn't .
we still love u. get ur shots in and work hard out there
sue, baby, sue!
SAY CHEESE! It's national Cheese Day! Whats your favorite kind of cheese?
Loco ur ok
The public is never wrong. - Adolph Zukor
It opens next Fri. It seems like opening big Hollywood movies overseas is the new trend. I'm seeing it Monday.
Any women who throws drinks is weak
haha I'll tell you later
R.I.P Uncle Eugene
yessir better b ready
F.N.B. Corporation Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
not so far fetched considering the type of kids we recruit now. Plus we've had a 3.0 + the last 2 semesters & highest sec apr.
Did the dude suggest a clean and permanent break at all, or was that one of the taboo topics?
Might actually stay up for the whole game
never count me out. u better count me in
You know it! Saw him last time he was at , wouldn't miss it for the world! See you on the dance floor
we don't get breaks unless we work more than five hours........
Survivor tonight! So excited!
Ha! If it's your kid that's causing the problem, you should just glower at them relentlessly until they leave. Might as well!
Aw, thanks. You're so sweet!
Thank you very much!
“: I am always silently correcting people's grammar...” it's a habit.
#twitter need ta do sum bout this spam shit on the tt's
The Donald for Prez? Well...Still we love Celebrity Apprentice! Tonite's the best yet! Still what the hell happened to NeNe?!
Timing is everything, and everything happens for a reason!
Don't forget to send your e-mail address to to receive a free holiday workout! Happy Holidays from KoreFit!
I had a zotero meltdown last night! All my Spanish citations got screwed up. Finally figured it out after hours of despair.
This means 150 million more people could have enough to eat each year.
RT : #FF for the best deals - anywhere! - gah-lee, thanks! :) /via // agreed!
I don't need a map to tell me where in the US I am. I have roadkill for that. Dead armadillo? Gotta be headed to Florida.
That's about the same for me. The new studio is being built, and we're relocating this weekend.
on a tough day you need tough self-love, not tough self criticism
Potentially! Are you on Words With Friends?
Great to have you following, Mainor!
Hah! RT : Status in higher ed:"Harvard could water-board kids" &still have apps." , we can't water-board kids."
Hey, I'm making a video for 's birthday. Tweet me, or DM if you would like to know the information to be in it!
So tired. Need a cocktail and caffeine stat! Excited to see Mr Bermke!!!
I feel like a cool kid since I got the last Arizona Drink from the Corner store :D
will you be back mon
“: Casual Friday means I can casually have drinks on my lunch break, right?”samsummerFRiDAY
they pissed me off so I turned to twitter.. I'd be more productive if they would leave me alone
Liking that has a sandwich named after Santigold, thinking I should eat it during her set
thank you!!! Btw, I'm taking notes. :)
I'm in a soul music mood .. throw the artist/track suggestions this way.
I think i just saw my dad in my mirror waving hi <3 i miss him so much :( rip..
Hey babies, all those sights and sounds that you find so fascinating are actually boring as shit
You Go KATY I love you !!
#replacemovienameswithbacon Friends With Bacon :D
First week with my babies back. Went from having free evenings to football 3 nights, basketball 2 nights mommy 0 nights. Gotta live it!!!
Here we go again!!!
the people who always judge are pretty fuckin fake if you ask me
Figured out a way to use WCF AJAX services in a mixed HTTP/HTTPS environment
Good Morning
MUD Coffee
hahaha!!! I'm like fashion wonder woman!! Coming in to save the day!
Colorado is a great place to be.
Sure, i can pick up George Porter Jr from the airport...
Great hearing your story on NPR
New York,concrete jungles where dreams are made of theres nothing you cant do. xx
Homer Bailey with 42 pitches in the first inning. Brewers up 2-0 after one.
I think might have an opinion on that
5 Holdings For A Defensively Invested Portfolio - Seeking Alpha
4chan community threads disappear after a few hours.
maybe everyone doesn't deserve a 2nd chance. if i can be perfect why can't you?
Six-year old cat for free. He may piss all over your carpet, poke and prod your boobs, and sleep on your head, but he's company.
It is so cold in atlanta a happy new year lov u guys mwaa don't forget to follow me
Justs announced: Dick Clarke has died. More to come
got it. dmz successful. now onto installing and doing config on IIS
yeah dood, we forget stuff like that sometimes... Getting your Starbucks order wrong isn't a problem. People forget though.
ya geez MUST BE REAL NICE.
working and enjoying it
Toyota forecasts profit will double, reaching highest level in 5 Years Toyota forecasts profit will more than double to a five-year high
You have the most BEAUTIFUL EYES I HAVE EVER SEEN lol : )
#scms12 the personal computer can only be an oxymoron
yea like saturday
See ya
she said she has shorts she's going to wear. She can always just wear them under/over
What's ur favorite way to enjoy headcheese-Sliced on biscuits, folded into collard greens, in a leaf salad, melted onto cornbread, other?
great achievements and followers...im about 3years behind you...ill meet u at the top!
I love me some him
I feel retribution coming...
oxoxoxoxo so sexy
This is the wild west; still figuring out & setting precedents. For that matter, is metadata even copyrightable in the first place?
so why are you hiding in the closet ??? literally lol
okie doke we need to get together
Excellent. Thanks!!
thank you!
Both teams are real hungry. They are going after every rebound, every loose ball, throwin themselves to the floor. Good game.
I love u from a distance.....
i have to go. bye -briana
My fav quote from last night “RT Consumers now have a mega-phone & brands have to take notice & have a strategy for that"
Is it wrong for me to root against the spurs for the sole reason that they have two Frenchmen in their starting 5?
Sleeping-in is the .biz
Only on a liberal arts college campus would you hear guys discussing how America is like the Hunger Games
Maybe I'll try for Dice-K before and Matsui after since Matsui plays for the home team so I'll have another shot later in time.
Happy to be back on the set of Hawaii Five-O tomorrow. Playing a Parent whose kid has been taken by pirates in #116 Powa Maka Moana!
We participate in a tragedy at a comedy we only look.
LOL stop following me if you never gonna respond to anything I say
Lovely day to be out on the Hamptons for a private party. Sort of.
I'm following u
Woke up to find this - RT I don't think there's a more relaxing band than Hammock...
just finished a song with charley stefl and peter cronin for Volume 2.....and it's killer....if i may say so.....
is such a team player with a great attitude! Go
Not yet.
I'm all dressed up to chaperone a prom. By the way, after looking in the mirror, I'd totally date me.
this Thursday ! Tonight #Ajs “: my buddy has a band that plays there all the time!”
Good Morning..Get'cho drunk ass up!!
is on the way to the Reliant Stadium to go see Alan Jackson at the Houston Rodeo! Yeehaw!
Chicago For Picnics & The Zoo :) I <3 my man; he's so darn cute
Well, Goodnight! I love you! :D
im good working as well.. ya you cant let your skills pass you up bro.. i miss you man.. im in TN right now. for work..
Back from my very unplugged cruise. Ah...nice to be on land. :-)
Lew is a snake.
Thanks for the great RTs! , , ,
Don't forget about our $4.95 lunch specials Mon-Friday 11-4. Giddy Up! it sure is tastey!
lol. That is funny.
the skinny blue fox waslked past the tired dog.
Youtube just showed me the trailer of Safe with Statham ... aka 2 Mercury 2 Rising
Congratulations! To my best friend, Rebecca. You're beautiful little girl is soo sweet! Love you both
goodnight twitter ♥
Good for the customer who is standing in electronics singing and dancing like he's an actual performer, to lady gaga.
RT : Illinois among states making 'significant progress' on #health insurance exchange: AP...
Thanks, Janice!
Feeling like I should play a game of hide and seek before I go to bed.
handsome boy. Btw, congratulations to the Blackhawks. Well deserved. Very good series.
heck yea!
TY Washington Post FB app, I now know that 3 friends read an article on 'mothers raping their own daughters.' All ♀s BTW
Missed Brian's webinar? Don't worry -- you can still download the recording!
Wish I could have been there!
I listen to boosie all day everyday his shit will never get old
I AM YOUR MOM RT : thinks she's my mom.
Going to go make the M1kenobi show
Do not try to cross the st. Johns bridge right now. Awful traffic
SERIOUS LIPSTICK
sorry we had an emergency!!! Sorry we missed you!
Coming up this weekend kicks off our feature new album "world view"
Yep. I kinda have live by that motto to be professionally viable. :-)
EYY go follow hes pretty good :D<3 and go follow if you haven't yet c: (y)
Spoiled kids<<<
Time to get my run on. 3 miles and Im out. I'll hit the weights tonight.
thanks for following!
When you don't have students best interests at heart, you need to get out of the field of education ASAP!
Herbal medicines for oral thrush contain serious lead levels - VietNamNet Bridge
- Congrats on the new gig with Comcast Spectacor! Best of luck with the transition and look forward to connecting in Philly!
I'll be on Sports Plus with on and at 11:35pm tonight as we wrap up the #Caps season
What's up guys
Still 41-41 at the #PalomarFootball game. Exciting and tense. Saddleback pushing toward the goal line. 1:52 left in 4qr.
Breathing a sigh of relief as I send my last Christmas package. Better late than never?
I like some other things Huntsman said. But I've always been Ron Paul all the way back to 2008
JUST FOLLOWED AND TWEET ME!!! NBD!! I LOVE HIM <3
why am i wearing all pink to sleep ? -.-
OMG! I pulled something in my shoulder. Major pain! Somebody help me!!!!!
keep your head up man they didn't get rid of you it was only business. Hope one day you come back or go to the Pacers
Lol. Forgot to stock my fridge with that.
Willie, the "George Clooney of Cats," is owned by
you wasn't playing huh LOL
When u pass ppl. In the grocery stores, sidewalks, events, anywhere. Why is it about 80% of us don't want to have a conversation!
go on www.aaron.tv and meet someone new
S/O to everybody I grew up wit
waiting for the dish network guy to install all the dvr things lol..... ordered pizza though... happy dance ^_^
It's not me!!
hey by the way, i liked the idea of doing an acoustic album with upright bass. (it is upright bass, right?)
Writers: does anyone else get physically ill when you can't write regularly for some reason, or am I weirder than I thought?
Hiding today; epic presentation in the afternoon. Fingers crossed!
I'm lookin! even old crackberries are like 100 bucks on ebay ... looks like the brick and I were
you leave a legacy
You're welcome! Hope to see you soon!
I totally know what story ur talking about. But others might wonder about this tweet
Have you read "Velvet Ball and the Broken Fairy" by ? Why not? - be sure to ask me about this one...
are you guys going to this Saturday to see DJ Baby Anne?
Congrats man!
Just checked in to the RIO for the annual DEFCON security conf. Should be great !
Are these broads serious right now?
is this a joke? From the bottom of my heart please
A story of hope, perseverance and courage -.the story of Tim Berta - how he survived a deadly bus crash and is defying doctors - at 6 & 11.
don't know. Ask Bob L!“: Do you think we'll see highs below 55 again this season?”
GET RICH QUICK SCHEMES ARE FOR LAZY PEOPLE WORK HARD GET PAID NO OUT OF POCKET EXPENSE 5TO 10,000 MONTHLY HARD WORK BUT REWARDING .
Bags packed, babies sleeping. Off to #RIS12 tomorrow. Funny in some way this event is where "it" all began....
Anyone interested in 2 free chihuahuas with a years worth of food and all the other crap? A friend is looking to get rid of his
longest rant i've every done. but it needed to be said, okay(:
Today, occupy oakland solidarity demonstration and strike gathering at 4 p.m. in Washington Sq. park.
Don't wait: Start your Future Today!
for all facebook friends plse. go to Galleria at Sunset page and please like the C-boyz Starz dance video for a contest.We need your "likes"
Ewwww my brother always waking up on hard!! Ewwwwwwww
"I got mine!"
What's wrong with your car?
I hope not! This shit is sad!
This is making Palin look smarter and smarter as we go.
Good morning. Just a few more days until and talk #ppandf2 on
Nothing yet fights in a few hrs. “: what did I miss?”
My takeaway so far from #DevLearn is to do whatever tweets ;)
Toot toot beep beep Bad Girls! RIP Donna Summer =-(
Lost my job in journalism. I feel like I've had an ethical muzzle removed. I can (and must) eat free food.
After such a long day today I came home to a plate of chicken cutlets! Ugh my mom knows me so well
Wishing you a happy birthday! I'm sending a virtual beer your way. ;)
GO FOLLOW NOW! A MASSIVE MAHOMIE<3
like how me you anglo stay in mode.
really? I'll have to check it out then
IS THE SHIT
I say enough of that, sweet pea. Enough of that. DEAR SUGAR, The Rumpus Advice Column
I got to much pride to cry fa ya
": I've liked you since I met you."
hahaha okay good! Im parked on the street!
IMO an honest debate shd b held in regards 2 same-sex marriage. Instead of flaunting moral superiority & regressing 2 name calling ...
Where is the FCC? Why can't they fine or cancel Rush?
OMW TO THE STUDIO
yeah! I couldn't talk the day after we went last year! Haha! But its supposedly ALOT scarier this year! :)
it's just better for the baby IMO.
Only black people can say the N word, Which is confusing for white hip hop fans. He's my homie too. Nevermind.
#resume #tips when you write a resume, make sure you populate it over to LinkedIn as recruiters go there often...
Welcome back you have been missed ...
now let's just hope it works! I will just need 5 credits after that to graduate!
yeah it is u should follow them
WTF!? I dont even know who this kid is!
Good luck
I hope less than 30 minutes lol
I just saw Johnny Unitas in a piece of mint
Team mayweather bitch
Really its just starting to get somewhat warm here lol :p
Flynn: embezzling is a dirty word.
Secured an apartment for September, so it looks like I'll be coming home this summer !
i wonna go to the #club and
I hate shopping by myself D;
I love how every throw shown in his espn highlight was under thrown. Anybody else?
With two-way prayer, I'm no longer alone.
Oh snap...bring it on,
Can I take a picture of u to show Santa what I want for X-mas? No, but u can take a picture of my rear end so u won't forget my rude ass(;
check your mentions and go to interactions. Or check the tweet and click on the retweets part
Bring that Zero to Naptown, in a form besides the 20 oz (I'm talking 12oz CAN [or 2 liter also])!
i think you caught the classic case of Pussyitis. Symptoms include bitching, complaining, noticing weird lumps, etc.
damn I WISH I was there too! :D
Good morning everyone have a great Tuesday #humpday!
those kids are blessed to have the best coach in the league. :)
no way! Maybe I'll see u round! Hoping to go ballin' in Philly: drinks at Morimoto, Union Trust & meander back to Old City
Thanks for the follow-I will pass along a #FollowFriday for you to build up some more, but soon-you won't need my help-LOL!
that's obnoxious. And weird considering the rest of the site isn't too in-your-face
I love KrishnaDas. If you haven't heard his chanting, go for it!
#unbelievable 2012 looks like a good start
Sunday nights to me are relaxing in a way whether im at work or not
omg ms monica thinks shes abby lee or some shit shes doing a pyramid at dance thursday hahaha
Lots of euth in this county. We'll save 8-10 dogs here tomorrow. Too many here now to go to SC & we'd need behav eval first.
RT : TRADE official, source told Denver Post. Melo to Knicks www.denverpost.com/sports
I hate people who don't walk with a purpose. I KNOW this is not your first time here. Quit acting like a tourist!
Just ate a burrito with sweet potato puree in it. This makes furious. But I just received "Remaking Modernity" so it's cool?
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
RT : Planned parenthood is an abortion mill for Profit despite their status.// That doesn't even make sense!
Happy Bornday to the AMAZING ! Have a good day babe! xoxo 😘
I told new manager about #CrazyBill crusty old man lips when we have to snap his hood and those drooly yet crusty lips omg she heaved. Yay!
You got me fucked up your going on my block list forreal
Marine/Mechanical Engineer
your american idol tweeting with mahn is making my work night a little better!!! Lol
that is weird. I wouldn't think people would notice / care if I didn't tweet and would only unfollow if my tweets sucked.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the great Moms out in the Twitterverse!
That makes a lot of sense. A few of my derby friends are SAHMs, & derby was the first thing they did for themselves in YEARS.
Earthquake in New York ^_^
Psalm 10:14 "But you, O God, do see trouble and grief; you consider it to take it in hand. ...you are the helper of the fatherless."
Me: "I feel so mature and confident to take on the world!" life: "lol give me a second to screw with with your joy."
Tweet me guys:) i'm bored.
DONT HACK MY TWITTER ACCOUNT THATS PERSONAL.
ving one's dreams
When your not sure if you can trust people or not <<<<<<
I land Thursday night at 9:30 pm. No stopping until Sunday. MIAMI!!!
good night sexy ;)
Do Americans drive to Canada to buy furniture? RT : O'Malley: MD is a place that is sometimes is called America in miniature
oh & i'm not gonna lie, i miss
I guess UK fans will wait till April and have both,will you confront him then? everyone is scared in Bristol to question him
I don't got fake boobs 100% real,but if u got plastic surgery so wat dat doesn't mean nothing be happy even doe its fake!
Wetter than a pool.
Those 2 are always discussing their aches n pains RT Out of context tweet o the day RT Is it swollen?
The biggest piece of me is missing You should be here with me just kissing But all the waiting Is always worth it.
girls day yay
Death before dishonor...Real niggaz gettin' extinct out here!!!
There was never a time when I said I loved you and didn't mean it..<3
Awesome, another musical number
Anytime! Glad you had fun!
Pam Pam pam
There is a girls of Pubcon calendar?!
you have NO clue how much loves you! please make her day and follow her!
Gonna see our buddies , , & tmrrw. It's on.
People trying to hook me up with guys. For one, I don't need help finding guys. And secondly, I don't like relationships
The worst thing you can do to sabotage your success is to never really get started.
I think Seattle, Minnesota, or Cleveland
Secret Country is turning this place into a ho down for sure!
we didn't want him to treat me for lyme. I just need a pediatrician well he wont see me until he gets my doctors name
ALl four of Michigan State's FGs have come near the rim so far.
I dnt want to go either but Thats what the Judge gave Me that shit Suck ) ;
We're okay. Rach is on temporary aviation duty to North Carolina, so missing her plenty.
Conan is so much better on tbs
can't you just use a hologram?
these guys were online before most of us:
There are SO MANY problems in this world. All one can do is latch onto one they are passionate about, dive in, & try to make a difference.
You're such a grumpy old man sometimes.
so, i gotta question do you wanna have a slumber party in my basement? do i make your heart beat like an 808 drum? is my love your drug?
Coming up on 27 news at 5:30... UW football players talk about not having a let down. Plus OB Schofields big play in the AZ/MIN game
RT : Tips for Running Your Business During the Holidays - Receive tips for running your business during the holidays and...
I know was a long painful process. Would love to hear her story sometime.
The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be
yeah! I like it becausethe color and the effect makes it look stand out! Enjoy your day :)
Fortis Earns $121 Million in First Quarter
I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down
#WebDevelopment #Design Back to furthering my education on plugin development and working on this Twitter plugin.
Radio in new (to me) car isn't working... was very thankful for the iphone app on my commute in!
Another Ring My Bell ! Operators are flexing their muscles for you again!!!!!
Have you gotten it yet? The tattoo I mean?
you're so annoying.
I can't believe I am about to workout on my birthday! There better be balloons waiting for me on the treadmill!
imma need da Lakers to NOT let Denver catch up
I can't wait till this month is over,
#sheenroast was amazing. Amy was the best.
I really don't feel like eating for the next few days..
Will post contest details later on how to enter
Shopping for this weekend's catering gigs....Mardi Gras Dinner! Pralines, Crab Cakes, and Jambalaya at PHYC! App party on Sat for 16 yum!
After a night of sports reporting for I'm beyond #excited to hear that will be speaking next week.
that's that bullshit
Every one needs to follow #travisclark or the world is going to turn into a gummybear:3
#IlikeObamacare like I like another hole in the head, which, incidentally probably has a 3 month lead time for treatment under obamacare
People at the store thought I was crazy... I picked up a pineapple and started knocking on it looking for Sponge Bob. lol
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his. Bobby Darin
Fair pt. I meant specifically the developer culture. I didn't get to see a Hackathon, but I take Bosworth at his word on that...
I'm gonna post Chapter 2 of The Way I Loved You tonight after I come home.
I love making music so much.
�See How Easily You Can
Word for today: Moiety (n) - half or a part, portion, or share
you should find a good friend to help you with some of the final steps for your videos and the radio show. :)
I hope soRT : Still sad we won't see #7 out there play in Will enjoy seein that number up in the Rafters of the Rose Garden
I didn't realize we were coming off of a WWII like past 10 years. Ignoring the context is magical thinking.
Exhausted from filing
This is the best kind of voyeurism, hearing joy from your neighbors. Sigars, Chuck
absolutely. Feels a lot different today than 30 days ago.
go get it Sharey! Have a good race.
yes can we talk about that? Maybe you are super natural
Damn Just got my ass beat by in cribbage...again! i cant not wait for Cribbage12 to come out so i can finally beat Tito!
Get the 35.
Cleaning isn't easy...so hire a professional to do it.
LAST KINGS!
got my phone lmao
i love how they all doubt me
What's an article, old chap?
Watching Teen Witch. Life is made!
Best of Ohio does breakfast tonight on ch 99 at 7- tomorrow anytime on Ch 411. Remembering the Dim Sum we shot is making me hungry...
What happen?
If it was easy everybody would be doing it.
Did a guy from ur office tell you hi from me yesterday? Could you have him call our office pls? We just got 500 toothbrushes!
Oh, that was Too Much Pizza. At least we walked there and back, so it's not a total loss. Definitely doing some dancing/yoga tonight!
Oh, you're the one.
Happy Birthday Linz!! Hope you have a good one today!! =)
Tomorrow it's 80 degrees. I am so hitting the batting cages and skipping a class or two and may have a few day drinks. We'll see.
up to 65% off !!! FURNITURE SALE !!! EVERTHING MUST GO!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Reading "Speak Like Churchill-Stand Like Lincoln" by James Humes. A must read for leaders. 21 tight and truly powerful pointers.
Thanks for stopping!
so I cooked and ate a tin of it. Now it's more like -groan- carnitas :)
Thanks for being my "Industry Pastor" today! You have 2 e-blast when you need ithem.. A seed into your ministry! God bless
I don’t always drink, but when I do, I prefer drinking with hot chicks. Stay thirsty my friends…
Charlie is under the weather; he will not be at The Lilac Festival for a few days. Tiki is ready to play, so come out and visit us today!
I loove you :)
Thanks for the follow and best wishes with your novel!
Why do y'all keep talking to Joe Oliver? Please stop.
Don't 4get I'll be @ the Panera on Poplar Wed. at 5:30 p.m. 2 discuss the new 36 Percent Project! I'll provide the food, just bring ideas!
Hi there! Let's #edchat sometime.
7 Tech Time Warps That Will Blow Your Mullet Off [VIDEOS]
just received what I most needed today- and icecream cake present from It came with a bonus prize for - dry ice.
tha't s the rum talking
Breakfast Stout for Dessert
Belated TY for following me :-) Somehow thought I was already following you back. Don't know why not.
Let's be honest. So far Matt Moore has been a rookie. RT : And let's be honest. So far Matt Moore has been a disappointment.
Thursday is coming quick. Get stoked, Tucson. Can't wait to hang out with
alright thanks
Going for a nice, short 3-miler tonight on the #Chicago lakefront. Almost time 4 new shoes after the #FlyingPig last weekend!
New York <3
Bucks don't
I miss y'all too ughh :(
has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading
we got you homie. We're working on setting the date now and it will definitely be after June 11th. Hold it down in Norway fam!
No one can inspire your #photography like you can.
you're welcome. (:
I'm really hoping she sent chocolates from thechocolatebar.. Just got a valentine from my mom!
It's amazing how incompetent Atlantic Broadband's support team is, especially when senior management can fix it within 30 seconds.
! Research for your next book, a hard boiled desert noir tale?
I once asked a wise man "what's better, to love or be loved?" he replied,"what's more important to a bird his left wing or right wing?"
Gross. Cancer and smelly clothes are not cute :)
Psychosomatic is just another word for "your brain is broken".
Lens for sale: Nikon 24mm PC (Tilt Shift). Used 5 times, perfect condition. Please contact for info and RT!
Just had to debug an Excel Macro in order to be able to place an internal order. When bureaucracy meets tech, it's hell.
you're most welcome!
Out of control emotions kills so much of our time
RT : "Children are never good at listening to their elders but they never fail to imitate them." James Baldwin
Friends Balt should be super proud of its PLPeeps. Great job sharing their "shift" story.
The best part about this is how hard is laughing at himself.
Thanks for coming by! Hope you scored some great new kicks
tonight! - Dancehall, Reggae, Roots, Irie Sounds w/ , + guests | sangria & red stripe specials all nite
Manamana. I want subway.
Happy International Women's Day and I'm really thankful for all beautiful women in my life! #thankGodforwomen! :D
twitter is like...intellectual vomit
We enjoyed visiting Crooked Oak High School today!!! Great group of students!!!!
Sated. This tweet is a total endorsement of the chow mein from Sun's in Highland Park.
Oh OK cool and I was talking about your little one lol
#Levin gives verbal beating to caller, while making best case why ONLY a real conservative can defeat Barack Obama
we're a family. It's ride or die.
TRAFFIC ADVISORY Avoid the area of MLK-1st St & Orange-Central now til 6pm Saturday. THERE WILL BE STREET CLOSURES! PLAN AN ALTERNATE ROUTE!
you know damn well they ain't gon buy food wit dat money lmao
#MurrayTrial it will be an aquittal.
We’re going to call this the “lightening round” we’ve got 3/$20 gift cards for to give away
The host enabled a database! We're set!
when ain't u never rude , stupid
This has to be the loudest I've ever heard 10k people...
lol #truth im just tryin to drink like the champions that you guys are lol
finally.. some relaxation
Need a studio for your next music project. Hit me up! wants you! Schedule a visit all are welcome! Come check us out
These last few days of school just may make me go insane !
thanks for coming out and giving it a whirl!
thinking I was going or getting some place fast, all the time not realizing or respecting the process and the fact that excellence take time
Sounds great
Just because something is easy to measure doesn't mean it's important
Looks like A LOT of my followers know they SEXY lol. They say confidence is very attractive ;)
Yelling all around the world do u hear me? Do you like my body? Anna Nicki 
Ok officially redeveloping my website AGAIN! This theme breaks a little more every time there are updates even for plugins. Grrr!
#Maury is getting fake just like #JerrySpringer!
New topic - Fish-Eye Athletics (Antwerp 10Miles PHOTOS)
hahha i know right. it wasn't the same without jane lynch though.
Will you be at #fosterly tomorrow? Would be happy to finally meet you in person...
not even could have prevented that german ass whooping of
So Rondo did get suspended, sucks but he bumped a ref, can't really argue it.
What gossip? No idea what your talking about.
where are you talking about?
TeeHee you know it
The Red Cross needs cleaning supplies! Drop them off at our Library and we will hand deliver Saturday afternoon!!!
Asm Skinner (Berkeley... Jyeah!) now presenting at the Assembly Appropriations Committee
The closer to midnight it gets the more depressed I get!
Huge thank you our entire team who made this a success. A special glass raised to + whose partnership made this happen.
"God is good!" SuperBowl XLV. God is truly a Pittsburgh Steeler fan!
#highlightofmyday having a conference call with my chickens and
Q4 FREE! My favorite!
Why am I baq on this thing?
#SteveJobs You will be missed!
sounds very interesting but unfortunately I won't be in town...
oh wow I remember that thing! Plays cassette tapes, sold!
thanks for following...awesome lineup of talent!
that's right... He is dangerous
Proud to manage beautiful models like & for soon you'll be seeing them on silver screen
500 followers :D
I'm up bitches
At and wondering if anyone works here #greatcustomerservice NOT
Alright, cool bro.!
One of my cousins brought a wheelbarrow for her eggs.
If you rate national anthem screw-ups on a scale from 1 to 10, that was about a 2. She stumbled once and finished flawlessly
Haha! Oh well, I already got my number. I'll probably be up there around 10:00.
America loves pizza RT : 41% of Americans now eat pizza once a week compared to 26% just 2 years ago (via )
I love your twitter handle. Thanks for following
Power is out... Lame.
Ouch! :/ I jst got attacked by bumble bee's!
Hi! Is this John Hinze from WC? This is Marianne Pleticka
Found that picture of us today..
#manchesterderby MANCHESTER CITY We Run this Town!!!!!!!!!!!!
what's wrong Mae?
Can't wait to see Steve Nash be the glue for this #Knicks team next year
i never do
is there a working live stream?????
I apologize for being myself do I offend your punk ass?
ESPN2 ALLEN V PLANO EAST WHO'S GONNA WIN? TWEET TO WIN TICKETS TO
you owe it to yourself.
Like video games? Get bored at work? Check out for live streaming, news and reviews
Wow deep religious undertones tonight in Lost!
If wade sits out n we dont put battier on kobe.. Our new unis will get their first L... Bron better be ready kobe looks hungry again.. N ...
Whats the problem ?
Help! Fix my Amazon EC2 instance!
not offended. prefer #geographer, but i am .gov
you would.
...If you yell out, "Say Girl, I know where dem Wild Thangs Grow" in reference to my tattoo, please just get the title of the book right.
"Lindsay Lohan to play Liz Taylor in Lifetime film" #yahoonews Will Zac Efron play Richard Burton?
Arrived Tucson Festival of Books. The joinnt is already rockin'.
I thought you liked the book?
American Spirits Exchange is a national importer and distributor serving the alcoholic beverage industry (spirits, wine and beer).
Wtf is wrong with people. Ugh bad mood
Just got invite for another friend's wedding-that's 7 this summer(not including those we're working!) How many are YOU attending this year?
#GOP who's most recent Pres. declared false "Mission Accomplished" doesn't understand #Obama taking credit 4 ACTUAL Bin Laden victory
Tucker, GA- Need females for video shoot. No nudity. Pay is 125 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
Celebrate the Halladay today - Phillies vs Yankees at 1:05 - MLB Network. Roy starts on the bump for the Phightens.
Say it ain't so! I'm gonna make my kids watch every #OTH episode!!
I feel pretty, and witty, and bright.
Follow me please i love you♥
Got it THEE fuck in last night!
Happy Monday! In one word, how was your weekend?
NPA began in response to the murder of Sakia Gunn in 2003. We still exist 6 years later as an org fighting for safer spaces for LGBT people.
red skullcandys. I don't know who had them, but I couldn't find them after SRT.
It really gives it a wider audio range. Perfect for multi-use entertainment.
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California #AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You <33
I could totes go for a lobster roll right now
well ive only been on it for bout ten mins in all it sucks
Oh my gosh. What the heck is this stupid side panel???
SERIOUSLY HAPPY NEW YEAR! Seriously please be safe and CALL PAUL! 24/7 505-884-5583 should the freezing weather cause damages to your home.
Someday I want to completely soak my skin in highlighter ink then wander around in a blacklight room.
Driving in this beautiful weather blasting Nickelback. Love love love.
Airline tickets to Tampa booked...let the countdown begin
adjust the line height so all of the text boxes vertically center to the text
Our new puppy shelly is home finally!!! XD
you follow?
Won't be surprised if you have your own talk show in future. You always have interesting experiences.
At downtown #library. Warms my heart to spend time with #writer #activist Denise Chavez.
I should be asleep but......
don't do it
U can def run a mile if you've been running for a while (which I think you have?). Sometimes it's mental! U have to MAKE urself.
Sometimes you just wanna stay in bed all day.
I gotta get up out of here. Idk what ima do but ima just drive
Yes, check out the schedule that came in the package.
My interview about whether Glenn Beck is a demagogue will air at 1:25 EST at www.kpfa.org--tune in!
I have an idea for decorations for the I-Team man cave. How about Four Non-Blondes or Alanis Morrisette posters? ;)
'Windows' and 'Program Files' on SSD, 'Temp' and user directories on spindle. Windows 8 is lubed lightning
the best!!
My lunch table talks about the craziest things. It makes since because i have the craziest people at my table :)
oh well, it never stopped me from doing what i have to do.
not a complete loss of interest but 1D is just taking over my mind lololol
The more you sweat in peace the less you bleed in battle
Excited to hear about "professional currency" of #LinkedIn via
FAQ: Can I meet with a bankruptcy attorney and not file for bankruptcy? A: Yes! And it's free when you meet with us!
had a disco nap. now ready to face the evening/night.
please RT me anything with my name in it!!
I'll check it out! Thanks!
The only French feline I have any knowledge of is the object of Pepe Le Pew's disturbing affection.
Amazing, right? Though, now I think I actually have to read Habermas, not just summaries of him.
the ultimate nigga bitch. 😄
I'm so sunburned. ):
there is a spam account under the name WWE Network trying to get people's personal info in exchange 4 WWE tix.
i'm worried we might lose :( x
Portland bound! With my faggots <3
I hadn't seen you in person since your P&K days. I woulda stopped by to say hey.
“: When someone comes into your life. God send them for a reason, either to learn from them or to be with them till the end”
I wish my dud had a freakin car
my one and only dream is to be followed by you<3
So far all these awards have been going to the wrong ppl lmfao. except when Kristen, Katy & Taylor won.
Yes. I do believe today to be a sunshine & wind in your face kind of day.
I'm totally down for it! Lmfao
Me too!
Toyota Scion Of Scranton chooses Videotel's Industrial DVD player for its wall advertising!
Goodnight Twitter! :)
Fame By Jeezy
S/O to u sexi
the difference is that Alabama didn't have tiebreakers or a better record than the other teams. It got in on ranking.
20 minutes of school left.
If Twitter conversations are making the news, print journalism is dead...in Stockton, at least.
Austin: hacked by mama mahone hahahahahahahahahahaha HA!
Can honestly say I know what the biggest mistake ive made in my life is already.
The First Dunk Contest Ever When Nobody Made a Dunk!
Most of today will be spent editing what I've recorded the last couple of days on this big audiobook project. I do love my job!
Bout to play some dbz, and take a little stress off
Just because I liked you back then doesnt mean I like you now
Headed to the Men's Basketball game today? Don't miss half time, you are in for a treat! Oh and Go Pack Go!
