I'm a big fan of the beef bulgolgi tacos with kimchi. Call me traditional. (Does that word work in this context?)
Great! Can you DM me your email or email me at - I'll send you info and invite you to the site. Thanks!
May the wind always be on your back and the sun upon your face and may the winds of destiny carry you aloft to dance with the stars
“You’re going to need a bigger boat.” Jaws (1975) (Brody)
Need to go grocery shopping
What a great movie!
You do that, you make the team this year.
which sucks cause my gfix card and CPU should be able to handle that easily, but it's better than nothing i guess
thanks for the shout out famo! U see the songwriting app we released for #Droid ?
I'll respond in 10 picks.
I'm determined to let my sphere of influence reach Biblical proportions "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature."
Also: wristwatch on steering wheel. Who knew?
{sneaks up behind Whitlock & snatches a chip} Thanks for the chip!
What up tweet peeps #FF Follow my Cuzzin !!
: TY! #Follow I'm his Roadie Momma :))
Happy Wednesday everyone! Right in the middle of the week, enjoy!
thanks for being new followers we really appreciate it!
Oh yes,haha. While unpacking today I found that dress and it brought back that funny moment. lol.
You cannot amnesty traded players. only players currently on your roster, read the CBS Dave.
wish I was there too :( you will have to let me know how everyone does
I emphatically agree. Would love to hear Cities this summer.
i had football pract. i was too tired to cum
Had such a good morning with him!
Happy Hump Day! RT It's leap year.... Your fourth drink is free!
come over for Ed Triplett's graduate presentation on Wednesday. I hear there's a happy hour after.
props on the intro to The Naughty show, just watched it and couldnt stop laughing!
RT so beautiful,right??? The full moon looks amazing, check it out!
Hey Chicago! Who will we see at the AP Tour at The House of Blues tomorrow?
those are the one's that sober us up the quickest! lol
Ms mess is crazy if she thinks anyone is going to do good on her test Monday.
yes he is! Damn!
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate
Awesome! You won't forget who your friends are, will you Shannon? :D
does he sound like Ice-T?
Nice chest pic! lol Cheeks would have been a better pick tho!
“The next time we go up there we’ll take plenty of towels for them so we can dry off the field before the game."
Watching the #NFLDraft , proud to see these guys have their dreams come true. If I have to give one advice it would be to stay focused!!
Prom is this weekend.
Sorry about your 'boys today. My Bears are in town next week. Care to make a wager?
Wassup my nigga and life cool
Hungry from looking at food porn.
8 days till I'll probably just have to start going by "Bobby, Baby!"
Can't wait for college to change my life.
I used to dream of not having a cerfew, now that I don't have one, I don't do shit lol
that said, her posing is fantastic & I love pickles. & I love the story about her screaming "You guys sound like shit"
RT : "Stop thinking in terms of limitations and start thinking in terms of possibilities." - Terry Josephson
Having reported on SB1290 & SB1291, seems numerically logical 2 report that SB1292 attempts 2 place principal evaluations in statute.
mornin friend....today iz da day datchu will recieve sum money..just sit back and chill and money shall cum yo way..
but i will not deny that you suffered some :) :P :) :P :) :P
Kinda bummed Wordle IDed French & removed common words but still filled with prepositions and conjunctions. Or maybe #Proust was a hack? [-]
I really wish Tim Hudson was my age and single. #hottie #funny #definitelymytype #Braves ⚾❤💋
Look like this nigga got on maroon bowling shoes smh
that's awesome! I think I should get a Beyond tattoo next haha
when are me & you gonna party it up in Chicago?!
Also relevant when shopping for coat racks.
very well said
hella! You already know
Bored as shit
Does that include restrictions against encrypting traffic or using VPNs?
Good morning to all of my faithful followers. I hope that today you set your goals even higher and dream even bigger!
agree on Antonio Allen. Markelle Martin is also an option. Like Allen significantly more than Smith.
“: "Shawty said the nigga that she wit ain't shit".” call him so he can get it juicy for u!!!! Lmfao so I letter lick the rapper
Responded to FIRE @ 32 West 91st St, Manhattan, NY 10024. Red Cross auto update.
Why did the blonde get excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months? Becuz the box said for 2-4 years.
one door closes and two more open. life is strange.
Just lost another long term WWF player. He was one of my favorites too.
That awkward yet calming moment when you realize you aren't man at a person you just don't like them.
i dont have to skool tomorrow!!! suxs for you!!!
could you PM me? I need help revoking access to a third party app when I go to settings there's no revoke button
Shout out 2 who is hosting their 1st Rapid Results 2day & 2morrow in San Diego 2 improve housing placement process 4 #veterans!
Penny Wells at Art Alley (2/22)
If I appear to not answer a message, it's because Twitter didn't send it out. Seem to have a problem with some.
omg ugh whatevs
i can't believe i'm going to meet you on Sunday! I'm so excited! :) love you!
lots of drama .
Time to jump onto NLM Classification and MeSH sites and fire up the ol' Cutter-Sanborn tables. I've got cataloging to do!
Great 1st period by the #NYR….need to keep the pressure on
The Huddle after Hours at Circle Centre open 10 pm to 3 am tonight. Come to hear tunes from DJ Jazzy Jeff!
I've been great, you :)
In life comes hardship pushing threw and learning how to overcome the hardship is when you become self sufficient
#LowKey RIPPED RIGHT NOW AT 1038AM
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ Of two evils choose neither.
In Kansas
cool, thanks for the link.
LOL i was about to take a Bobcat kitten home last night. I really thought it was a lost puppy.
Alex, you're reading it already?! So glad you're enjoying it!! I loved writing from Ruby's POV.
Another perfect day in L.A....hanging by the pool..
EVERYONE follow you'll love her tweets! :)
you can say that again!
We have thrived due to the extensive experience in design along with a commitment to hard work and the principles of honesty and integrity!
Last day of OT.Back to doctor on Monday still not 100% better yet!
Nifty Fifties Baby!!!!
I work at Ascedia & can bring an order form up for you if you have any interest in the Spirit Cups for promotional purposes.
I am immune to your complications!
Sounds like a terrific day to me Jen! You're such a great Mom! Thxs & I hope you have a lovely weekend as well. :-)
Mann do me like tht watch ima b back.lol love you too:-)
Another Oregon sunshine afternoon! Its okay with us though. A lil hydration never hurt anyone. ;)
I hope so D:
Thanks! and I were just talking about that piece yesterday. It lines up with a lot of what I found in the study. . .
yeah seems like in crowds that big not much to be gained from a live performance, would rather pay to see those bands individually
Considering a cursive "Q" is essentialy a Number "2", shall we tell them Math wasn't your strong suit either?!? :D
Just finished my first page of my screen play... feels good to finally start it, after having the idea in my head for years!
~where on iTunes? I searched the song title and rascal flatts with no luck.
School is out. More time for music!
im there!!
maybe..BUT...she was definitely a celebrity crush of guys back then
Did yu cleaan the coffee thing ?
RT : "Pussy doesn't bring rainbows and pots of gold." LOL...true<<<< I live by that shit lol
JUST SAW 's VIDEO ON !!
Not sure if you know is in a new "Dream" with former members Ashley Poole, and Diana Ortiz!
thanks guys for joining I love them <3 <3
We always gonna be kickin it on the weekend doe
Wow, that one's just embarrassing. How can you get the MLK assassination date wrong?
Fine. Target, baby! Better? :)
im happy for u guys follow back?`i hav a question
Hahaha exactly what I thought!
What is considered the national dish of #Ireland?
Remember when Justin came out with the acoustic version of "one time" around Christmas? Now a whole album<3. He's grown so much.
LOVE YOU MORE!
BREAKING NEWS: victim of NoPo gang shooting dies from injuries. This morning on
Lovely to meet Sina who works in our twin town Emmendingen - here in Newark for work experience with &
All the sudden I'm really itchy. Hair is growing rapidly all over my body & my clothes ripped. Think I should go to Med Express?
No he won't, hell be with the Pats. RT “: -Felger's take that the cap is crap. Wallace will be back with Pitt.
So much people w/ bad ass breath today. 😖
sometimes, you just gotta be the bigger person, suck it upp, & leave it alone...
Always have a plan.... Always...
Is #civility enemy of morality or can it be a ladder to morality? How? asks Ashbrook
story of my life~
Gooooooodmorning! :) Double date tonight with and yay! :)
R u coming with us to Miami for my bday?
Let it die - team 7
Watching American Idol. Nobody can be better then Adam Lambert and me. :)
I think hotels have the best ice cubes.
Cinco De Tired....
I'm addicted.
Its friday its friday!
#RedMarlin’s #Easter Brunch offers adults a tasty meal while the Peter Cottontail Brunch is perfect for kids! Call to reserve: 6192241234
i swear if you do that again...
baybay kids....to funny! Hadn't heard that in a long time!
My prom dress is the best.
9 more days of school. Please hurry.
think about how much the ppl hate on him an what for...then he does something they say to do and still gets hate
Tha carter iv is a great album i dont care what anyone else says
Eat a glob of "Blazin' Sauce".
7.) A flag is your second greatest prop, aside from a scarf (and a beer). Just ask
hello from sunny san diego!xoxo miss mimi pink:)
: aw snap.
Wow. Worst webinar ever.
I've set up a new blog for the College and am getting VERY POSTIVe feedback. I will tweet a few recent comments.
Maybe. But the fact is no one ever reads the source material on stuff like that. Just the cliff notes.
I'm in the worst situation in my life Ive ever been in.
Yes they are!!! Ewww!!! RT : People irritating
Thanks for the Twitter love. Let me know if you'd like to see a demo of GoingOn. Would love to get your input.
Having a great time beta testing Scenable this morning! Can't wait for the real thing to launch!
i think i'll make a shirt that says "there is no team gale."
Its like one big step forward and fifty steps back
Commission on Sustainability meeting:one week from today. Join Us! Oct. 25th 4-6 pm, 417 E. Fayette St. 8th Fl. Red Line update on agenda.
September Josh Wale Al and most of all Me :)
All day every day
Are they out again? With who?
Skinny jeans or boyfriend jeans --- what will you wear this summer?
Feel like my job interview went well. Gonna stay positive
thought cooper's shot off the turnover was in to win it for #ohio. overtime!
Inspired and excited after Working Films/Fledgling Fund Reel Engagement weekend!
i got the biggest fckn frown rite now...!!!!
Just woke up! Took a cab downtown. Weather is shitty today. Hanging at Starbucks till the MAX comes.
he said he was gonna give right back....ha-f'n-larious!!!!
I hate the part of waiting where you rethink the audition over and over and wonder what you could have done better to feel more confident?!
When people look at me and say i'm weird No No your just square and don't know how to live!
Some people don’t know that there are angels whose only job is to wake you up and make sure you don’t miss your life.
Good to now. Woot woot, I feel a win tonight in #LA :D
#confession I play with my bellybutton
I was about to go to sleep but then I remembered I had to get some socks.
I am glad to announce I will be teaching "Learning Commercial Cold Reads and Cue Cards" at UCLA-Ext in Summer.
you did all that before 10am???? Lol
Could use 20 more followers to hit trip digits think you could help us out? Then RT!
I'm such a sucker for chick flicks :3
thanks Mitch. Will retweet replies. I have had several frank discussions over this topic but curious to the responses.
Guy with #occupyportland gear on standing infront of me at the bank?
Help me get to 600k followers? (:
yay library! Free presents all the time.
Tough love is the best love it hurts you but its necessary
Is this code?
Omg! Hey! xD Lmao, okay. so i bought my friend a starbucks frappucino today. And i made him laugh, and it went up his nose. XD
Product Review: #LUSH Stepping Stone Scrub v. disappointed with performance; smells delish; toes are suck-ready; experience sucked!
will he be there friday?!?!
Ibaka with the 1st triple double in OKC history KD with 51 points a career high!
I just passed tweet no. 313.
I swear I turn EAST SIDE BOMPTON 👌👌👌👌when that song come on
if you don't know my relationship, don't get involved, that simple.
RT : More than 1 million iPhone 3GS models sold in first three days, Apple says
I am working on a book - so I am a writer in training :)
hey im a new fan! and yall are gorgeous <3 follow !love you!
4XEM distributes Vivotek products through CDW, Dell, BestBuy, Insight, PCMall, Amazon, Buy.com. Do not trust anybody else! Call us today
RT : Cant deny that I want you, but ill lie if I have to.
So excited for our shoot this weekend!!!
I DONT CARE TONE IT DOWN WITH THE
special thanks to joseph caruso and phillip summers.
#serials rehearsal all day and now off to a reading of a new film w/ the lovely
I want to get a bearded dragon and name him Paarthurnax.
my pleasure!
Be sure to check out 's new podcast - should've been 31 minutes about Our Hero, but at least we got a cameo.
You bet.
Same goes for Badger dick RT : Suck a fat juicy Hoosier dick
Totally agree about Jane's Addiction....I thought it was a kind of boring show
Bi's & Tri's with a 2 mile run on the the side. Get'n there.
Malik Monday. No its Maslow Monday
good Dale has pissed me off!!!!
sign me on the side pimpin g...date for charity Obama message me back management x games
Ate at last night. Love the place! Starting to consider myself a regular. Wish you would open another location in Bloomfield.
i'm sad today :(
Board member representatives will meet with volunteers to assign duties and keep the flow of communication open.
Too Young for Marriage, Too Old for Games, Too Smart for Players
Just overheard on Broadway in the midst of thousands of labor protesters: "Oh, you know what it is? It's May 1st."
but we should tho :)
Keep it tight butt keep it white.
Welcome to new followers
the only south I want in my mouth is
: We're watching what you do and want to discuss pricing, a very sore point here for us. ok?
All these fans that always complain about Melo will miss these days when he is gone. It will take a while till we have a player this caliber
any thing for you
What is that a website?
where u been pinky??!
The NEW www.drwiggys.com is coming soon! Keep your eye out for a our contest in celebrating the website launch!! ITMT, check out our pics!
It's gorgeous outside! Make it this great *inside* your home with my efficiency upgrades! www.smartenergypays.com
no thats just plain old sweet!!!!
Count on Austin Mahone to RT someone and then go offline.
Let's go Hokies!!
I will not have feelings for a friend again... I will not have feelings for a friend again... I will not have feelings for a... Damn it.
im gonna have to go buy some today...
More reactions: Afterpartying this year as an official, I knew *tons* more people. It’s a very different experience than as a volunteer.
Good Morning... TGIF...:)
even on yo birthday...
I swear mfs on here lame as hell
glad to hear it... I WAS starting to wonder .
Tonight DJ Jazzy Josh spinning on the ones and twos!
There's only two words I try to play if a coworker wants to try me at Words with Friends. "Fuck" and "Off".
The general response is that it's the busiest day of the year! New Years Eve at Disneyland. Rethinking plans...
#ThingsThatGuysLike are healthy women and houses! Why not have the best of both worlds? Contact us :)
I'm just as lost as you are
a true jets fan like me would not watch the game this playoffs is boring Jim you not playing and the jets the playoffs is z
oh ok.. I guess no basketball?? I was dressed waiting! I had my lebrons on and everything! But it's cool I see where I stand!
that is the rub, I'm a big believer in ending all this long hour crap in jobs. Over 40 hours and the brain is mush, it's fact
I got new record and it's all messed up! One side plays way too fast and high pitched and the other side is normal! grr
Just Woke Up Haha Going To Pure Energy Later #PureEnergy(:
Spurs 85, Jazz 70 as we start the 4th. Tony Parker has 20.
hey guys...Luke has a twitter
Please welcome to Twitter...she is a really cool person and I look forward to her tweets
sorry, I didn't receive this til now!
i know right! =)
Sounds good.
"This year, we are directly addressing users who manage the biggest piles of content-- website and documents." Road Trip
We'll ask CS to take another look.
i dont ever have enough hangers, but other than that, i feel pretty good.
LET ME LOVE YOU.
Book today - Sun for NCL's NY Freestyle Dash Sale for up to $250 onboard credit & 50% reduced deposit for select NYC sailings! 800-803-7245
mention me if u want my Gamertag on xbox 360! <3
It IS odd that they're not on Twitter.
I agonized.
Curious about this "open bar" thing you're working with... just well? True you call?
That damn pussy.
My attorney, just now: "It's NOT a good idea to call a cop a skin-head." Me: "Even if he IS one? I swear to GOD he just goose-stepped!"
Sounds like Eventbrite needs to add a feature.
Today I read a book about twitter that was 140 pages long. Tonight I tweet about it. What a circle of life.
Treat each other with love and respect. Show your kids that being happy parents is a good thing.
What a great day! Perfect ending to the work week.
Awesome! Enjoy!
heey wanna do me a huge favor??(:
He's cool but not that great. People need to get over it.
Never Underestimate Your Opponent Youll Never Know What He/She Is Made Of
follow me :)
i love ur back round heka pretty !!
Quote of the Day: "Whoever said you can't buy happiness forgot little puppies." - Gene Hill
At damn DMV. All day event. Wish me luck!!!
Of course Humber is owned and started in my league. Not by me. I tend to shy away from CWS and CHC players.
not even close... I say its the left just as much as the right. We have some problems.. go volunteer at planned parenthood.
Hate people who play games. Its just like damn, be straight up with me.
Hey stranger! How goes it?
No worries, appreciate your interest. :)
Awesome! That one's really cute
I think the question is who isn't watching? It's that good!
Getting ready for work. Missing him!!!
i got it set each tweet u send i get a update. ill run it thru the radio and sit back and wait for the phone to ring.
Not just that (and the various temptations of my home), but I'm even sick of my usual coffee shop, at least, being overcaffeinated
It's only natural for me ....
i did respond from like earlier today &you never texted me back. &i just responded your 40blank texts messages>.<
I despise waking up in the morning.
that's right! we all need to remind ourselves of that! xoxo
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah! Is it happy hour yet?
haha thank you!:)
Ladies: Please dress how you would like to be approached and talked to. Don't dress like a hoe and expect to be treated like a Queen.
Any ideas?! lol
Pray for she is a brave 8 yr old battling stage 4 cancer. I've been following her remarkable story on Twitter. Pls RT!
Fuck. My TV has mono. I'll be back.
Im that nigga you shouldve never hated on.
I dont see why not RT : if I go can I come in uniform?
awesome! Absolutely awesome! Thanks!!
Seeing a cute guy, with such a hot body. <<<<
My brother-in-law made my kid an electric guitar. That's my kind of crafting.
What time do u start school ?
anxiety attack. being having way to many this week,
How did I forget that Hollywood classic "Big" opens witha computer game?
Milwaukee in the rain is infinitely less charming than New York City in the rain.
aaww! Thank you so much and I'm going to live a few blocks away still in Bayside though.
No one said P90X was supposed to be easy. :P
People still jerk?
Union Sq?
forty-eight hours of fun Jeff!
On the way home from Tulsa, didn't wanna leave.! Had an amazing weekend with Chris so far but the weekend isn't over.(: <3(11/1/11)(:
im gonna leave twitter and go blow my cake ok
I should really stop eating but food is just so good D:
UHH I HATE WHEN PPL TAG PPL IN TWEETS ON PURPOSE!!!
I might call off work. I really don't have the heart to cancel my date with my mom.
I know! Let's fix it. When are you free?
Thanks for a great event this morning!
RT : RT: #VERGECon says that by 2020 we will have 50 Billion connected devices! ... 7 for every person!
False alarm. Just a guide error
you have to! as soon as he follows you, you can lock it back up.
I can't wait to see all my girls tonight, fucking miss my bitches ! <3333
Gonna rain all night -_- it's only 63 degrees but it's 95% humidity!!!! Ugh
Madonna? Still cranking.
"#MorePopularThanTheObamaBudget Casey Anthony Daycare Center"
Note to self: find Mosquitos CDs...
Thank you for posting this, it seems like it will be very helpful.
Who do I want to have in my life?
(cont) To be honest, I do NOT look forward to retyping that MS. It was a 100+ page Word document!!
haha! so entertaining!
Hate it when your eyes burn after you take a shower. It hurts badly lol.
The trouble with children is that they are not returnable. - Quentin Crisp
Thank you so much, we truly appreciate being listed in your Top 100 Lawyers section!
Shoulder pain. ),:
Finally a foul
Movie recommendation is Bill Paxon in suspense thriller "Frailty"
Already hit my head, laddered my tights, tripped up and cut my leg and I've only been awake 2 hours
Good morning! Thanks for reaching out, but I'm in NYC.
Anyone else pissed that #JagrWatch was supposed to be over by like 4 yesterday and we have yet to hear a single word officially yet?!?!?
"samuel liked Women bringing you Sandwiches."
No bitch for Yugio ! ": is a little bitch!!! And sucks dick behind the bleachers for Pokemon cards at Eastwood"
lightning round: reflect on the past couple of days. what have you learned? what keeps you up at night?
Happy tuesday ! i dont even know
Stop calling me Warren! My names not fuckin Warren!
no? plz check & let me knw
Looking forward to a Dallas Mavs rally
Cocktail of the day - Manhattan. 1) whiskey (2oz), sweet vermouth (1oz) & bitters (3 dshs); 2) shake; 3) strain into cocktail glass
Some of my concerts are coming up soon and I'm getting really excited! Kasim Sulton in NJ on May 26 and NKOTBSB in DC on June 3! ♥
. And more to the point the NYRB print subscription only gets you partial access to the archives
#Morning! *Everyone! *║*║* Hope you enjoy an #Inspired/ #Creative Day! *║*║* Stay safe!~xox
What day is it today cuz
Definitely great to reconnect! :) Let's lunch it up soon.
Thanks for tweeting my post about "Union Bosses" I appreciate it.
Lol! RT : it is difficult living in a ninja deficient country...
tell me super nigger!!!
Watching In Fear And Faith Play :D
Hey hey.....just got down with instagram!!! So follow my photo journey...
How the Hell did ucla pick up this recruiting class? Anyone remember the last yr?
Do guys get turned off by knee hair? I always seem to miss that area.
ready for #alamw11 ? we're busy prepping a panel on E-books- Saturday 8:30-10, SDCC Room 02. Come and register to win Sony E-Reader or Nook!
#Brewers go up 2-1. Bad base running.
Names of tchrs PUBLIC: Why don't we publicize names of doctors whose patients die, lawyers whose patients R execute
Find the Best Software and Backgrounds for DIY Green Screen
Welcome, thanks much for following.
My Oscar vote.....Ban Sasha Cohen from the Oscars!!! "We are not amused!!"
lol im glad they is
It's acceptable to be outspoken and controversial, but James Harrison proved to be classless in his remarks about teammate Roethlisberger
laryngitis+cold+rain=a movie theater double feature AND netflix double feature kind of day. silence is golden & so is Bridesmaids & Easy A.
HA! Nice.
Gah! Ouch! How are they looking today?
Dude. Portland == beer
is awake for run #1 of today. I love doubles...
Your welcome, hope everything is well with you and yours.
Lmfao RT : Who want some weed brownies ? Preserve your lungs niggets !
Happy National Bookmobile Day to Virginia’s more than two dozen bookmobiles! Long may you roll!
Big shout out to Mike Cosper, Josh Brown, Michael Winters, all four Carols, Lydia Burrell, Eddy Morris and Phil Miller. We are grateful!
. Exactly, , WHAT IS UP WITH ALL THE FREAKING SPAM?
follow back?:) xx
Romeo! Romeo! Ro-Me-Oh!
Beautiful sunny day out! =)
my bitch bad...she a starr tell her bring it back like a dvr
whoa... Jay-Z on The Daily Show right now on Comedy Central.
I just had pumpkin pie for lunch. I blame you for this.
it wasn't his foot that was out of bounds, it was his first dribble after that
is this a code purple or?
Well be careful. I took 1/2 a semester in cat languageology 101 at community college. Very tricky language. Easy to offend.
I hate when I do almost everything on fb just to get one guy's attention. All i wanna do is talk to him. lol
#happyendings maybe someday I will have one
Taking in "bite" @ Stratosphere... Last night in vegas
They want me to do jury duty...I feel too young for that
Thanks man!!!!
Is there any better music to shovel to than snow patrol?
Have I had too many margaritas or is Justin Bieber walking with Mayweather!?!?
Good morning everyone!!!
Join us for the Karaoke Contest semi-final @ Sky Lounge on 2nd. St. & Washington on Wednesday 5/2. Great Drink Specials, No cover, 8P-2A
Lame ass nigga!
Just me and Kari at home so not too bad but we hope the pats lose this week we will go with the niners Kari did live there
What are 3 elements that u think make a great film?
Wait, Republicans are mad because Obama's using the Bin Ladin killing in a political ad? OK, that's a kinda douchey ad, but BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Love listening to read audio books- makes me so happy!
At a bodybuilding competition in Lakewood. I don't know how some of these guys are able to use the bathroom- especially Mr. Olympia!
Now Babe That Was Some Fuck Shit Cause Those Kids Really Need Help Smdh . I'm Disappointed In Yuu .
Looking for a taurus, cancer, libra, or scorpio !
don't have a reason too.......yet
that's very sweet of you all! I wish I were there hashing things out with you. Let me know if there's anything I can do!
Quick facts about : wine director for ’s DINEX group & has been hosting #LaPaulée since 2000!
OMG DID JUSTIN AND SEL BREAK UP!?!??!?!
A run to Sonic Drive Thru after school on a Friday. Awesome stuff.
'Follies' tonight and Bernadette Peter is amazing!
Let's get that W!!
your so funny I Think You Just My Day Seem better :D #WeShouldTalkMore !
hey!!! Angel?? I miss you too :*( and everyone...
thanks, julie! now that i'm back to full-time, might be time for me to make a visit to your offices or and/or meet for lunch.
#JustSoYouKnow i get higher solo!!
where was that boy?
I'll just give it the KISS method. Stories in "Real-Time" that make your toes curl :)
I just want to read one chapter of this novel without interruptions. Is that too much to ask for???
WoooHooo! This is my weekend with my son! This weekend we will finish picking up all the leaves then watch the probowl!
I didn't know that was possible does it have the same results as when you have it done on your face?
Getting samples ready to send out in the mail!
Thanks for the follow!
Women's football count? 2007 SoCal Scorpions brought home the nat. title. The SD Surge '11 was Amer. Conf. Champs out of 62 teams
Congrats on the suggestion shop! You definitely deserve to have finally gotten something in there :)
God has to be the center of our lives, otherwise we will be living off-balance!
you only live once thats The Motto nigga YOLO
HBO has some good shows but they cancel a lot of GREAT shows.
O Ron arrest. I see plus we out rebounded by plus 25. Dayun u mike brown! traitor
The Children Of Bodom book is progressing. The whopping 33124 photographs have now been trimmed into 513 that will make the book.
Water for elephants>
What are you doing for yourself today?
Let me know how the Hunger Games is when you guys see it
Congrats on being a 2012 Knight #Arts #Challenge winner for ColorWheels: Delivering Creativity to Your Community $50,000 #WOW!
Love you too! Merry Xmas baby girl.
Mr Tauge's twin is cooking pizza on #foodnetwork right now
Early bird gets the worm. But if you're a human do you really want to act like a bird and eat like it too? Give me eggs
Happy Mom's Day, Humans !
If I don't like it then that shit is useless.
Done! :) “: Follow me please? Or have you already gone over the limit? :(”
you know what it is jasmine
So that picture all dem' gurls be freaking over is hilarious. To be honest , he looks like he's humping her. LOLOLOLOLOLOL.
Yeah, I'm ok. Still in shock a little. Thanks for asking!
Un'fuc'kin'believable Get it together #Sixers!
The moon is beautiful tonight omg
WOWZA!! That's awesome and well deserved!!
yo hook me up with one of them shout outs (;
Haha Kim Possible used to be my show!!
Did you know Hieber’s Compounding Pharmacy offers FREE local delivery, and also next day shipping? Right to your door! 412-681-6400
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Enjoy #THEADVENGERS! Let me know how is!
Chip tha ripper at altar bar April 12
Don't forget to stop by to get 2, 1- topping slices for $5. Delivery special 1 2-topping 16" pie for $13. Tax not Inc.
Knock KnockWho's there !Artichoke !Artichoke who !Artichoke when he swallowed his yo-yo !
So Cold Outside 2day
hey are y'all gonna get the 20th anniversary half cab shoe? The green ones
naw bro, boat shoes b boat shoes
hell yeah! Lol too bad your far haha
i hate wen girls take pics wit they lips out and middle finger up
you changed your number?
very nice! Congrats!
Are u still making backgrounds? :)
How do you decide which events you want to attend? What are the decision-making factors?
Sunday night... what to do... what to do?
The lens is a Nikkor 400mm f2.8. It was used to make the moon photo in my background.
When I see a tubby gal wearing those gravity defying LadyGaGa heels I'm reminded of that 'avocado pit on toothpicks on the windowsill' trick
follow me!
Think I saw shadow before fainting but not sure..... #reactiontoGroundhogDaycomfortzonecrawlout :)
Really? Did not know that. I'll mention at tommorow's Drive Electric Minnesota meeting.
A big Happy Birthday to Brewer Bert today! Thanks for all that you do!
Hoping for good weather for Saturday's
Jennifer Lopez Leaving 'American Idol'? via
Thank you to everyone who came out yesterday and all who had a hand in helping, it was quite a success & a fun time! #Thanks again
#DidYouKnow? April is Sexual Violence Awareness Month.
Broken phone on Christmas; makes me feel like I fell off the earth and into nothingness. HELP!
2012 has been a emotional roller coaster... When will this ride end? I don't like it
So... Did anyone actually LIKE Dark Shadows? Should I see it?
*ART DIRECTOR WANTED* A Studio- Europe
Metta World Peace
MW3 is similar in pace MW#2 but much balanced.
Tonite: Ninja and ODEN at Dublin Down in Vancouver
Must watch TV on NBC with the Players Championship. Kevin Na, the mental head case, is bound to explode with this pressure.
I don't know if Nick is or not. Lol I agree.
Hosting the DCT this coming Friday, see you there!
Beef careful.
“: Happy 21st birthday ! Hope we get a KU win tonight for you.” it would be so
Agree! But Boy A and The Brothers Bloom are my favorites! :-)
I don't know haha
Come see Dante in the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!!
already had one I am going back to bed and hopefully fall to sleep this time. Thanks and have a good night.
I have found it both ways. Some who are intimidated by other students' dominating classroom activities bloom online.
Smells like... Rain!
Huge belated birthday shoutout to !!! I thought 5382 was his home address. <<oops>> Hope you had a great day!!!
Definitively maybe
why cant you wait until friday?
that's to bad. I really wanted to see Matt and Diego go at it.
oh whoops I thought it was drew
Seriously, is the humidor off?
Heading to library to keep working on my #psuweb12 presentation. Woo!
Lot of small college draftees- somebody has been watching.
Thanks so much, Derek! You're awesome! :)
follow me please
I have a twitchy eye & I feel like a pirate!...AAARRRGGG!!!!...Why do I want to capture Peter Pan?
All if a sudden, the men are coming out of the wood work... Yikes! I don't want to go there, it's me time & I like what I've got going on...
Thanks for following #redblackblonde We are going to release the sequels as comics. First they go to Mexico, then Hell!!!
Thank you.
Love is not a whisper or a weakness, no love is strong...singing mercy will we overcome this or have we come too far to turn it around?
#RARE Revitalizing Art, Re-Inventing Emotions ... i live it.
Incredible book!
really good dancing!
Great framework; speaks to how a variety of business functions can use #socialmedia; esp.
off for brisket and knish
Co-worker clipping nails in nearby cubicle...not ok....
How are those tweets a representation of Boston as a whole?
this summer finna be dry so I'm just gon focus on getting back into siuc
The bucks cheerleaders are looking right with this all black, and yes for them playing Adele
Lisnin to music til I fall asleep
PepsiCo Overhauls Strategy - Wall Street Journal
let's talk Jacob into that first
Close one #Cuse...nice win...only gets tougher
No problem! It provides a good user experience. Hope lots of customers download and use your app.
RT : All of San Antonio's NightSpot: Bombay Ranch (8811 Fredericksburg Rd.) DJ Dylan mixing the newest videos. 21+ Drink Responsibly
What Causes Hot Flashes, Anyway?
Must listen RT I hope everyone has been listening to our draft chats with Absolutely incredible insight.
I'm in SugarLand/MoCity it's dark but not raining What side you on?
Uuuugggghhh 2:30 needs to hurry up foreal so I can start my real Job!!!!!!!
Ready to wrap up #HackingEdu at Jet City Improv tonight!
Sometimes you need lazy days
I want to be a tambourine player in Aretha's band. Props to the ladies!
...just turned in my nomination form to be an Executive Board Member for the BCALA. This is the first time a graduate student has applied.
OKC get it together
Im so damn sleepy omgg
-_________- <---my face right now
Why would you wear make up to a lake!? 
Body bombs? Meat glue? Porno Octomom? I'm never leaving the house damn you news.
is you mad doe!? lmfao xD
Your Welcome :)
it's so damn nice out right now!!
how are u?
Only by letting the past be the past can you be aware of the opportunities and joy in the present. Cheryl Frampton.
<<<EVERYONE GO FOLLOW
Okay! Laughing at predicaments it is then! :)
Reading "…coupled with high-throughput DNA sequencing subsequently permitted…" I cannot say anything other than sub-SEE-quent
Def over did it with the tanning... My skin is on fire
daydreaming about large musty lecture halls and the sub-basements of libraries during my 20 million meetings today
you inspire me. Keep rockin Erica!!!!!!
Cheers to the Cheerful :)
"Reading the reader comments has ruined so many of my days." Amen, girl. I totally feel you on this one
ahh man. They don't have a 10pm ferry tonight. You can't come any earlier? Got a lot to catch up on!
Thank you! Going after Dan now :)
Final weekend of this spain menu. Serrano ham, rabbit terrine, scallops and cardoons, quail and lima beans. Wines, call for more info.
free wall art posters
Soo upset missing a chat I have been looking forward to for weeks!
Curious to hear if a) you think the kid was really poisoned with ricin or something else (or nothing) and b) who did it?
but i'm not him! im just a fan
We finished up our model shoot for yesterday for a new campaign. It was a long, but excited day! Can't wait to finish creative on this one!
you know what love is a beauty of the soul .
tweeting with this hashtag so by some miracle justin will notice me.. #TurnToYou ♥
“: Please follow thank you all !!!!!!”~TYVM
go to sleep
Hill the Thrill!!
Had a great audition experience w/ Spotlight! I'm totally hyped!
it's really pathetic when is one couch cushion away and he messages me through gmail
Good for you got suspended on what uv done to this chick!! Ur full of shit! Geta life u mofo!!
Relieved to hear! Sending along a #FF and wishes for a wonderful weekend filled with interested and interesting visitors!
thanks for the recommendation. hope to see you there!
something tells me you might.
Pretty sure i'm addicted to canned fruits..
Gd Pt! Thoughts on admission $$? RT : And for certain authors there is a lot to be said for charging for readings.
(smiles n waves) hey friend hey!!!
I mean really?
It'll happen for you. It just takes some time.
Thanks! I have a contact there. Will def touch base with them.
Getting ready for tonight's #craftspokenhere cocktail event org'd by Craft Show Committee & Young Friends of the
tell me im stupid and that im ugly
Thx for sharing! love! : “: "Great mothers build bridges instead of walls." - Reed Markham” wow I love this”
Lotus Nightclub - Albuquerque's Best Danceclub!!!
I saw that on the news, and I thought it was pretty dumb too..., lol
Months later it still makes me mad.. You're such a bad person and you're completely oblivious to the fact..
why o;
I breathe in that OVO and that XO..
Thank ya Have a good weekend! :)
Are you within slapping distance of the #Heat's PA guy? Go #Cavs!
good morning lovebird<3
is annoyed with Comcast... and now they're getting a phone call. It's never good when she has to call cable/PG&E/Verizon/credit cards...
Giggles! Thank YOU!!! Hugs from O-Town! RT : Thank you Ms Awesome 2011!
I stopped so I could read water for elephants for dumb lit
its a smile, its a kiss, its a sip.of wine, its summertime! #kenny <3
It is not sufficient to have great qualities; we must be able to make proper use of them. -La Rochefoucauld
Cleaning my house like a good kid and what not.
ditto but teddy can win 150$ if pats win he is buying next weekend so i say go pats
A bit late, but the weekend was good!
That's why I ain't wit da pressure...don't ask me shit ion do da checkin..
Was hoping to get more studying in 2nite. That didnt happen. On a positive note, packing for NCAAs was easy...5 red adidas polos; move along
RT - A summer night without #Cleveland #Indians baseball is average at best.
:( why didnt you tell me! Lol
you got it wrong @ Bowden he wasn't forced to resign @ Auburn He had a tantrum & walked in-season when they didn't renew him
Have a safe flight!
I'm just gonna let it all go n not think aout the future cuz it could all end tomorrow. Just enjoying today.
FACT OF LIGHT: Killing time murders opportunities...
Would you DM a phone number to me? I would like to know more about the books you offer.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
2.3M downloads of Michael Jackson music in the week since his death, no other artist has ever done 1M
Dig your tweets/pix from RM conference! Plan to tweet from MAWCA in a few weeks.But it's unfortunate that tweets can't...
[4/5] ...Daniel Hutchinson and Kristen Law Sagafi of ...
Exporting 'red book' master of Hersch's "Last Autumn: Book One" direct from Ardour. Is there anything my GNU/Linux audio system *can't* do?
Tiring day! Got so much work done. I really don't want this week to end :(
where's the booze?
Proud we took Grand Prize in & 's Extra Yarn contest. It belongs to the WHOLE COMMUNITY who gave yarn&time&love.
how do you interpret that if it happened repetitively & they keep saying nothing's wrong when u confront then about it?
Thanks Sansome street! See you all tomorrow at Spear & Mission 11-2pm.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP0
wishes he could come up with the "right" words.
#inappropiatefuneralsongs Another One Bites The Dust
Thats when I texted her told her I loved her then right after I texted her and told her I meant it..
Is it bad that when I saw #bulge trending I thought of myself?(;
Tweeps, Sip, Scratch & Score is in stores! Answer the trivia question correctly, get free goodies. That simple.
lol :( ugh when my hand not swollen no more we fighting bol :p
Asgard is like Rainbow Road meets Neverending Story
Lol“ I need Mickey's clubhouse to catch on fire and fall on top of the wiggles”
UFL proves that football played by only good talent, but not the best talent, cannot survive. It never has.
RT : Cross the line if you love someone more than you love yourself.
what's up sis
What's yo MySpace URL
haha #RamsAndLakers both make me puke.
Compared to what?
So sitting at bw3 by myself talking to this guy next me having a good convo about the game n didn't know that he was owner of BW3.....whoa
is working on a project for our wonderful Children's Hospital of Wisconsin, rated 3rd in the nation by Parents Magazine in 2009.
I hate when guys think it's cute to call a girl names.
The force of love is actually real. All love is based on the search for spirit.
"Let Down" and "No Surprises" are two of my favorite songs from OK Computer.
Is it really May already!
Ok....I'm going in next week to get my wisdom teeth pulled #noturningbacknow eep!
S/o 2 the blaxicans n this muthafucka!!! Fresh hair cut fresh fit down 2 the kicks... These bitches better get it rite, it's choosin season
What is this, a kid's belt? No, I'm just too fat. Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
I feel lyk im home :-)
Check out Ozone Music on BandCamp and Facebook!
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. John Barrymore
Looking around at annual retirement seminar, auditorium full. If we all retire at same time district will be in world of hurt.
Watching Meet Joe Black...love this movie!
with a loss last night, michigan bball is higher ranked than msu..
Yea good point. Who the hell knows if Weeden is the next Aaron Rodgers or Tim Couch. But the "value" (Mel Kiper term) wasn't great
A Blond texts a friend, What do I.D.K & I.D.C mean? friend texts back,I don't know and I don't care. Blond says,OK I'll ask someone else.
Had a rough day? Just remember - pressure makes diamonds. And on the bright side - tomorrow's Friday. :)
i've always wanted to be a "Founder" of something. this is already super cool.
Dear rope, you are absolutely my new best friend. Thank you so much
did you get sick ? Haha !!!!
A friend of mine said "Onions are the only food that can make you cry." That was before I hit him in the face with a watermelon.
uh...did you just see what you wrote?
If I was your girlfriend, I’d never let you go <3
THANK GOD! JEAN DUJARDIN of THE ARTIST WON!!!! Suck That brad pitt & george clooney!
See you at the #Bernays tonight & !
yay, thanks for waiting for us:)
What will happen first? Peyton Manning signing or Dwight Howard traded? Someone ask Stan VanGundy
Glenn beck just got about 2 minutes into his show (intro sequence included) before breaking into tears. bonus: guess what he does again ...
Parting question on Friday afternoon: why the heck does Getty ULAN vocabulary have future "death dates" for living artists? 2080??
Now playing: Angrezi Beat by and
welcum pretty lady
second only to Sade
well, it's a start. He did save a touchdown today. He's faster than I realized.
txt me
I'm from New York. (:
Oh I think I slit my wrist again.
wow! Awesome. I can't wait to hear about it.
i hate getting the latter, the medicine is so expensive :(
Now I'm climbing the walls, but you don't notice at all. That I'm going out of my mind all day and all night.
I.just want a quick fix
If Richard Pitino is the new head coach of FIU, please let UofL hire Jarrence Howard
Aye Cam! quick question how tall are you?
I can't find the trailer. D:
I'll never get noticed by <|33 I would fall over and die if I did !
I hope UCONN plays tomorrow like the are playing tonight
Injustice may be eliminated, but human differences and natural limitations can't be eliminated.
what you say
Had an okay day nothing special now I'm sleepy
Don't ever ask me to honestly tell you if I think you look good .cause I might actually tell you the truth.
COME ON PEOPLE!!!! I HAVE 2 MORE DAYS TO GET 2 1000 FOLLOWERS! I JUST NEED 24 MORE, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME! I NEED THIS!!!!!! LOL ??
*single tear falls from my eye.
MW: are you going sailing? Me: (who actually used to sail) If I was, I would NOT be wearing heels
his isn't a balanced breakfast though!
just chillin. wanting to get on chat with some people. but,,, im watching country music videos for right now.
I love that song and when you stop to think...the words should make as all time to pause and be grateful.
Still working on it but here it is. Http://www.joshmwhitney.com
I will try my best to help, I promise!(:
I'd love to see a research video in the style of "The Artist" :-)
#ifitwasuptome id have a sexy guy in the kitchen makin me some breakfast!
stop in Chicago and pick me up
I'm going to sleep now. It sure would suck if I didn't wake up.. but i will. And you will all still be fucking idiots. night.xx
I really need to get my hair done !
Nice series. Congrats.
Shout out 2 Big Roddy for wreckin that week 3 on the
New item teriyaki chicken wings
How are you going to try and act fucking stupid with me!
BECKY I LOVE YOU
What are the recommended changes? Were they receptive?
A friend said, "okay, it's 4x6 inches, now make it 4 x 6 feet!" With now two people saying make it big...hm.
All the guys should have left. She's not even worth it. Whiny and not very bright.
Listening , to music . . cant wait to see my twin next period . . ( :
that's funny cause when I saw it, I was like Paul is a gangsta
UGA commercial with REM makes me wish I went to school there. What would I do without the bands Athens has produced.
"The US Air Force is accused of dumping the remains of at least 274 troops in a Virginia landfill". These people are awful humans..Sigma out
#IlikeObamacare because when my sister graduates from college, she doesn't have to worry about being kicked off my parent's health insurance
When you wake up and you don't remember falling asleep
Nope. The problem is that they DON'T know that. I get your spirit, though. ; )
No one can be you better than you. You are one of a kind, so today be the best you that you can be.
i stade up all night again :( i am soo tired i feel bad! :(
know this? RT : Can someone find out how many career ejections Konerko has had? Thanks.
naps. i praise you.
I see you mr atl wnba dancer... Lol... It's kwame, just I'm case you wee wondering...
Classical Music!
I'M STAY POSITIVE THOUGH IT ALL AND LEAVE IT IN GODS HANDS
Give us your #feedback! How do you like MobiDeals? We want to hear from you!
Thanks for the RT, Lauren. We are excited to have you at #CUAEF this weekend!
Congratulations to the 2011 FEDLINK Large Library of the Year, Woodworth Consolidated Library, Fort Gordon, GA.
Facebook's Open-source Data-center Project Gains Strength - PCWorld
We love that!
all the spots i frequented when I lived there a couple years ago don't exist anymore. Any suggestions 4 my visit next month?
Link didn't work. Can you re-tweet?
hellz yeah don't forget All-That and That one retarted Mark Summers show with the slime
Anyone have access to medical facility for the purposes of make-em-laughs? WILL PAY MONEY
Hey Mark thansk for following,
#libday8 good deed of the day: hopefully helped with Date1Date2 woes in MarcEdit
Tip #11: Replace your shower head. The standard for low-flow heads is 2.5 gpm at 80 psi. You can cut your water consumption by up to 40%.
Finna Clean Up - Jammin This #Jeezy - Full-time Job got my Attn Today...Startin My Day...
Mean Girls is such a good film
": I bet all the girls at the beach were like "I picked a good day to let my ass hang out""
Sen. Benson at MD Hunger Solutions "I will be forever commuted to the homeless, hungry... in the richest state in the country."
I want to feel wanted.
Agreed! you just need the right people to read it
I recently "liked" that page.
Good Morning beautiful People :D
DREAM BIG
Sometimes the path you're on is not as important as the direction you're heading.
By the special request of my 7 year old cousin will be joining us at for tea this Sunday. This will be good.
Donald "Duck" Dunn passed away. LEGENDARY bassist who played many hit records and was featured on "the blues brothers"
Oh boy...you really did pass on that pun *blush* ok, I think The Blonde needs to reign it in for tonight :) hehe
I Can Act Really Good I Never Break Character !
haha good cause I may need some backup
you should. ;)
hope you get better quick your team needs you
You smell like a baby prostitute
Happy weekend all!
ESPN wont cover it because they didnt break the news. Thats just how they work.
A customer just showed me pictures of her home destroyed by a car that drove right into it... I was shocked
You don't have to be perfect. You don't have to play well. You don't have to fix everything by yourself.
Wait that one Snoopy where Woodstock had to rebuild Snoopy's doghouse after Lucy threw a surprise party for Charlie Brown...
Smoking makes running more challenging. Yeah, that's it.
“: ty. You were the one that encouraged me to do this.” I feel honored!
Listening to the sounds of "Martenot Waves" on Rainy Dawg Radio. Radio Collective
u know what I take my hat off to u .....cause no other club put on for baton rouge like da
I'm home sick so I'm eating taco bell and watching the view.this is the first time in at least 6 months that I have has fast food!
Romans 6:22 But now that you have been set free from sin and have become slaves of God, the fruit you get leads to sanctification and its en
The mistake we make is not going for happiness first. If we did, everything else would follow. Wow, did you hear that? Seek happiness 1st!
Ah! WTH #newfacebook? Yes, I know I'll be fine with you again in a few days but as for right now? #notokay!
Contest for a free CD on our tumblr! Check it out!!! Somewhereanywhereelse.tumblr.com
"In Florida during the past five years, homelessness among public school students ages 5 to 17 jumped 84 percent."
Finally watching O.C. season 4. Can't believe Kevin Sorbo is Ryan's Dad and Chris Brown (!) is Kaitlin's love interest. SMH.
Your disembodied head -priceless & up on our FB page! RT : HA! I had no idea yellow doesn't work at the wall
i stay on top of good
not bad...all the more to love haha. hope all is well bro.
haha thanks that was nice :-)
": I want a glass of wine so badly but I know I'll end up drinking the whole bottle. #dilemma" same, except I'm fine with that
Having breakfast with Louis of Redline Ent. getting thangs ready for da Low Low Carshow!!
Hates school!! SO ready to leave this town with all these two faced people. Has realized that I need to put myself first..
Follow for all your needs in the #LA area. Photographing movie stars and more
did you enjoy?
lmbo! at , this is true, but thank you !
I had planned to move back here but doesnt look worth it. And BR took hit from all the hotels and gas. Back to playing HR donks.
i have nothing if i dont have you. cheh haha.
is Cain the conservatives answer to Obama? are either of them black?? #doesracismexist?
ILovee Your Smile & How You Dance TeAmoo
-If FB isn't your cup of tea, check out the You Tube #Paranormal Pooch book trailer.
very long
Shoutout to -----> Go follow her now<3
OMG....Kenneth Fareid just monster dunked BIG TIME vs.Lob City
Yes...but you don't know how old! LOL!!!!
Twitter was made for you, girl! LOL
going to bed
It's so funny how people try to say something negative or a lie to see my reaction... You fucking hater, go get your life together.
I love that place! So cute :)
Weird, whenever someone tweets to RT something, I retweet it. I'm such a follower. See what I did there? :)
If she didn't pull it out her mouth during a joint session! It wasn't a 3SUM!!
Scary. It reminds me of The Ring. Ah
I have to ask you something!!
I believe he only gave up more than 3 runs once on the road after the first week of July last year. Not that bad IMO
It's #listeningto Wednesday! What #music are you checking out right now?
great time at CLA conference connecting with old and new friends
maybe preexisting social bond is required, messy greasy cheese on a deep-dish is not good for flirting with strangers ;-)
Bitch! You know what I want! - Samson, Half Baked
it assumes weapons but not bribery. Bears are very honorable
I believe the need will arise right after the jump ball
Hatred is a blind as love.
me when I tried talking to him. And he was sick. Coughing and sneezing the WHOLE 8 hours :/
John Hughes says Florida is asking: what programs have low barriers to entry but high returns?
#HowToKeepARelationship by been yourself
Haha iD Take You Too Lol
wow!! That sounds awesome! Have a great time!
That's great! RT : I love Can't imagine life w/o it. Keeps my brain clear of swirling ideas & must do's.
Happy Birthday !
Goodnight Justin.. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.
Congrats! RT We are opening for The Like and The Sounds July 3rd in Hyde Park. :)
what are you paying attention too when you are socially conscious? Inside & outside relationships, what is appropriate social form
I use to want to be a, "Hometown Hottie", but now all I want is to be in the "Are You Next?" section in !
#ItsHardWhen you can't tell if he's real or fake, if he's lying or telling the truth, if he loves you or not........
I will never buy another #SamsungTV it has been nothing but problems.
I wanna drink! lol
Let's go ! Time to take the AL Pennant two years in a row
I'm sure everything will turn out all right just give it time!
"The last man on earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock on the door...." Fredric Brown, a short SF story.
Is getting ready for another crazy night at axis radius!!! For table reservations and guest list request hit me up (602)882-0317..
yess that sounds like such a great plan! I mean we both get an iPhone ((:
You mean a lot more to me than you think you do
Trying to convince my 2 1/2 yr old to watch a Mumford & Sons music video. She'd rather watch Go Diego Go. I'm failing as a parent.
Dear essay on Napoleon due tomorrow, I hate you. Sincerely, Not started yet.
It is so good & easy to make!! I would put the Mango Butter on bread, but I gave up bread to be healthy and less round.
just downloaded Texter for windows to help me on redundant keystrokes, quite a tool.
Happy Easter, the day of #pastel everything. Spending the day with family, missing others!
Reminder: 3pm TODAY, South Lawn auditorium: DH Speaker Series: on "Idiosyncrasy at Scale: Data Curation in the Humanities"
Happy Friday folks, what's everyone working on? Anything fun?
Join us tonight for the band Radio Radio @ 9:00, you are sure to enjoy the pop, rock, and dance sounds they play!
Oh! isn't he so great! He had big up north adventures this weekend--poor urban dog! :)
Who's up #Lets talk,
I would like to go home now -__________- this is boring.
can I give our offer. DM u!
Been using play forever but it doesn't have retinol. It's now time for the big guns. lol
I just want to see who Courtney Upshaw gets drafted to
6'7"Unsigned Senior Jamarcus Horace helping the Rytes Warriors control the paint and the glass. He is AVAILABLE!! GASO - Duncanville.
idk if i can do that :)
all I want for my birthday is him <3
Those magic changes!!!
Pitch/presentation time is approaching. Looking forward to seeing what has been developed.
your song #pray gives me so much inspiration!!(:
I LOVE YOU, I LOVE YOU, thanks for all u do, big hugs
CLP has a Gadget Lab with about 8 different ereaders represented.
I don't get it. You keep 31/32 team unis the same and then give Seattle a new look? Is this like Oregon football? Help me out...
Closets changed, along with fragrances for the warmer weather. Sleeping pattern changed for earlier sunrise and longer day.
lol well maybe u can teach me a thing or two
You're like a dream come true
It's Mother's Day! AU's class of 2012 is graduating! The sun is out in Denmark! It's a great day all over the world.
in that case you may want to evict me. bwahaha!
Having a serious "yellow" crush today - liked dresses, cocktails and furnishings on Pinterest all in shades.
That's how we show respect!
I like #KillIndiana better.
"If at first you don't succeed, redefine success"
“: Yes RT : is 5'5 short?” depends, on a guy? Yes. A girl, average.
Thanks Josh! No, I didn't end up doing The Voice. Did Disney instead. :]
Is it possible that basketball is so uninteresting to me that I am watching instead of Celtics-Lakers? Yup, sure is!
"I never look back darling, it distracts from the NOW" -Edna Mode The Incredibles
Liza 'redefines dining elegance' - Gulf Times
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. George Edward Woodberry
wow! what a night....I need some sleep :)
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.
Haha uh oh PITT is driving.
Suicide is such a lonely and desperate decision. It's impossible to know all the factors that cause someone to make that decision.
Yelp Helps. The Chanda Plan Foundation will be there. www.yelp.com/events/denver-yelp-helps
You may see me in the 512 sooner than u think. Hope your travels were smooth.
Last minute cram sessions...can't wait to get this over with. I have so many exciting things I wanna start today :)
It makes my MacBook Pro run hard and get really hot. It didn't do that before.
lol.... That's probably why I never heard of that gear; I can't even afford the D700 right.., haha!
It's a Jason Aldean kinda day.
lmao...I know....that's why I joined 3 more leagues!!
Our member prices are now even lower!! Stop in and see for yourself! Open till 7 :)
Just purchased two tickets to Peru for a ten day vacay with great people :D
no problem!
what's wrong with Austin??? I'm seeing all kinds of tweets saying something's wrong. Btw I got my EP :))))
Rain, no problem... Indoor it is!
i like the way you walkin when you walkin my way.
Are you freakin kidding me??????
Ditto! My fave is that you can't just change to "reply all" if you already hit "reply" and typed out the entire email.
WHERE IS LUNA?!
"It's a real craft....whistling"
Want a free signed ticket, flyer, and flyer?? Tell us your fav event this year for your chance to win!
Who has a son in 5th-8th grade, would consider sending them to a Catholic HS or a nondenominational private HS & is intrstd in earning $75
did we lose you for real this time haha?
Making paper outlines like a boss
Closing show of #balmingilead happening now. Thanks to everyone for coming, we had a great run!
I'm on pace to destroy #LifeOnTheGrid somehow....I think I have super powers
Barry Sanders broke tackles for our sins.
Sometimes I wonder if Rhianna is joking when it comes to her dance moves.
Human Subjects Research Law makes my eyes cross... We need to get back to robots.
All up and down the West Coast baby! Fucking Stoked!
I would go wit Maci too.:)
did someone just open a canned response?
spending the weekend with the best guy ever! My brother<3
Re-posted my tweet, sometimes the link works, a few seconds later it doesn't. Thanks for the heads up.
Im going to try sleeping again woot woot
New Providence man takes the Independent Press to Hawaii
yeah they do. he made the choice though
Very happy to have just gotten an internship at the :)
she was born in the 80s, she still uses her phone as a phone!
I Miss Youu !
Thx! You have a great week too and Happy Mother's Day!!
Realized today that if you don't own a cat, you really have no reason to buy a laser pointer.
selena is doing okay, thank God
Happy mothers day! Have a good one!
i see the point as a sort of PR campaign. not something i think anons should be wasting their time with. hack the media for
#AintNobodyGotTimeForDat RT : this job search is so hard...
Next month my birthday ah! To bad I'm not in new Jersey. :-(
wow thats deep
Thoughts in head
There are no #friendtimeouts in hockey... except on the first whistle after the 10-min mark of each OT.
Rise & Shine! Have a good week everyone ☺
If not today I'll definitely be down for the show Thursday night. You going?
Boys who try to act cute, -_- pleasee go do something.
Watching "Blood and Bone" starring Micheal Jai White...this is a god movie & kinda funny :)
One of our clients needs to buy a used portable baptistry by JUNE 3...can you help? please eM
They don't know about us.
Got Danm I luv to smoke=)
Well, duh!
I am
don't worry, only VERY flavored iced coffee, like once a month :P hehe
Hello! And welcome back to San Francisco! I can't wait to see the new CfA office.
Take a moment to lose yourself in a song today!
MorganStanley wealth manager will not face felony chrgs for hit & run because Col. prosecutors don't want him to lose his job.| Bastards!
Gotta stop for gas guys
C'mon, billy crystal. Christian bale was in Newsies too.
Networking @ olive pit! W/
oh my...I really feel for u girl..your situation sounds a lot worse than mine ever was and to me mine was bad enough!!!!.....
“: Can somebody get my Brew City tickets?! I will pay you back! I feel like they runnin out! Lol” who's gonna help him out?!
The country will founder w/o a fair wage. We might as well outsource everything like companies have been doing anyways.
Loving my first : Great panels, interesting people, and a fabulous goodie bag!
i seriously will show up 3 days early though
i need a job its frefaking rediculous
MT Obama on disagreeing on w/other Christians: "Not only Christ sacrificing himself on our behalf, but it’s also the Golden Rule."
Heading home to my beautiful wife, see you in a bit honey.
Follow back please :)
You finally got twitter! :D
#JETS SUCK SUCK SUCK #Dolphins needa win this one
LOVEME LOVEME SAY U GONNA LOVE ME CAUSE IIM LIKE REALLY DERPRATE (LOL THOUGHT I WAS GONNA SING THE SONG GOTCHA)
I saw a hippie walk out of a pub with an enormous tortoise and set it down on the sidewalk beside a yappy little chihuahua today. Love NYC.
we are great, business is really picking up. Hows things on your end?
#waystoaskforhead if I flip a coin what's the chance of me getting head ;)
time to take a nap
have been looking extra pretty today with
#FF Go follow she seem coo as hell.! N her tweets be real
Looks closely or miss it like many other #marketers: #social #media, social media, social media, OOH media, social media, social media …
ask RNG if they would ever do a workshop in Chicago -Allison from Chicago!(:
New epidermis oxygen Jordan footwear specific towards the ...
are you saying that we should be praising or even talk about our old OLB's?
bitches dont know the half like they flunked at math
"Show me your hands, Let me wash them clean. Show me your heart. And let me heal you."
#NewDirections? I only like One Direction. :P
“: "Why are you talking during my lesson?" "Why are you teaching during my conversation?"” #thatswhatsup #thatbad@$$
": Good morning y'all ⛅🌞😎🙈🙉☀; I say it even tho you rude folks won't say it back tho... #DailyTweet"..Good morning...LOL
So happy to wake up today and see 24 million monsters is #1 TT!
I'm on my Robin Thicke shit
time to assemble the crew.
oh, wow... hope it's better soon, close them and let them tear!
hhaaha the tickets are selling out already!
Want to support Chicago biz, but has its work cut out for them. Food, service, music all a major disappointment.
Everyone follow my boy and check out his company.All people I have GFX/Intros for hold tight.Home computer broke new PSU Soon!
and have you ever noticed the '' lol '' sign looks like a man drowning!
Anyway I can email you about those In ears?
can u plz follow me im a true mb fan i know alot about mb
I'm a hungry, hungry slightly hippo-like lady. Whom shall I visit for lunch today? And will they have donuts?
Happy Birthday!
it's opening the 17th!!
Going to try and go to sleep
Sigh. This is another thing where I spend too much time in Internet social circles, isn't it?
I think ima whined up in twitter jail 2night
aw, but that takes the fun out of it.
Just...just do not flush tampons, people. Seriously. It's like something from a horror movie.
what a year! Congrats!
Womens World Cup of Soccer Finals on now. Exciting play thus far. Go Team USA!
I could stare at hot guys and girls all day.
Hell yeah! That's awesome! Big show indeed. Kegging is where it's at for sure.
I was seeing if they were done!!!
I remember the day I decided I wanted to attend I saw Sister-President Cole on Oprah & was mesmerized. Happy Founders Day!
S/o to he's cool and #FollowsBack >>>>> so follow him (:
hey hit girl im kick ass lol
not having my car and having 2 wait for my mama 2come pick me up is not bad but when im ready 2 go im used 2 just going now waiting
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Thanks for the follow.
lol don't fall asleep and you'll get an A
rain is a good thang!
agree, but who gets his start?
Should You Buy a Smoothie Blender? High-speed smoothie blenders have become increasingly popular lately, as people look for more ways to
Friends in California, give me a call if u want to Eliminate your Electric Bill with Solar Panels Zero Down if u qualify 1-646-397-9817
Headed to Bdubs with the boys, haayooh.
I realized that the reason I thought Super 8 was a bad movie title was that I've been pronouncing "suppurate" wrong.
I miss Nobody has told me to shut up yet today!!! :)
there's some asshole walking around in an Angels t-shirt, too.
Got some hockey cards for the first time today. No Preds, Stars or Pens, but I got a Yote.
Trivia Team Name: I Hit It And Quidditch, Now I Have Genital Hogwarts
yo did you play last nite dam everytime I see you play soft with no heart
She make me so mad sumtimes.....
Men who eat many prunes, sit on toliet many moons.
I think boyfriend will get 7 million views in a day. I mean c'mon get real. DID U SEE HOW AMAZIN THAT WAS?! Lord.
Thank You, Mr. President! I'm so proud right now.
why doesn't Donovan just make the move? Surely it's better for American soccer to have him be player of the year for everton!
Just a reminder.. We will be closed tomorrow for Labour Day and opening again Tuesday! Have a great day off!
Lmfao. This dean make us walk around the school cuz were too noisyy. Daaafukk
Thanks! RT : Thanks for voting No on
Um, cool but no, thanks. Good try, though.
"There is one pain I often feel, which you will never know. It is caused by the absence of you."
Bieber Fever
": The only question now is which bourbon on Bourbon Street? Beam? Maker's? Woodford Reserve?"// ynot all of them
7 Days Without Prayer Makes One Weak!
awhh... ! I like you ! & I will Promise ! & youu betta think about me to niqqa !
Would you have stopped if you had rec'd negative reactions?
When i'm reading fiction i have to remind myself that the characters aren't real, just the morals and the lessons lol
yes! Are we going to be both sitting at the table at lunch?
After a great opening, we are back for night two of "Wolf". Will you be there?
Thnk u Larry & staff for putting up w/ our fam & triplets - coffee was delicious & LUVD lavender truffles- b back soon
Buenos Dias Hermoso! (: Hope you have a great day!(:
