Seeing the hunger games finally! To frigging excited this! :)
Thank you, Chris.
George Mason University has come so far so fast in 40 years (Nobel Prizes, athletic championships) thanks to George Johnson and Alan Merten.
Feel bad for Greg Oden, was a beast at OSU.
If you want nuke plants, don't privatize them. Profits will always beat safety concerns. Or be smart and say no nuclear power for now.
Continued success!!!
rain rain go away, selling homes anyway
Anytime next week! I have a slow rest of the month, finally. Looking forward to relaxing and prepping for the new year.
Sauce on side!
I strongly dislike a lot of people and things but i really truly hate my alarm clock
loves it
Will 2011 be the break-out year for eBooks? Happy New Year. Be safe and have fun!
Holy shit. This is boring. Listening to a comedy radio station which is anoyying. Omg my ears r gunna fall off
Alright well..Good Night to all of my AMAZING followers<3 let's hope tomorrow will be just as great if not better than today!(:
if you could eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Going to see #Avengers with my dad :)
Wow that was pretty intense!!! There was just a fire right next door!!!!
I say #Pinterest. No one cares about Google+.
Success consists of doing the common things of life uncommonly well.
stop being a twittering whore!! Love ya though!
I mean niggas say Dave come on man its ur first car ur forcing it but I say nigga YOLO!!!
is the winner of Nov 9th's Question of The Day recieves 2 entries into the end of the month free bat drawing!
I know they're rare, which is why I'm suggesting a hangover. He's just not tracking the two-seamer, for some reason...
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you see someone you really dislike sit at a table near to you at a restaurant.
You already know
I want sum all black air for ones
Damn!! Formerly a man? Wow! She looks great! I'm speechless....
glitter clutch in multi I die for it goes with everything got to grab one in Vegas, in love!
Lolla will always be a zeitgeist, a snapshot as to who is hot and relevant at that moment in time. Nothing wrong with that. Just saying..
Kameron Lowe trending in the US for all the wrong reasons.
Portland rock and roll 1/2 marathon in t-minus 12 days! I hope they'll serve hot dogs at the end...
dont have your number so rather than wake up Marc I thought this was easier...are u and Al going inside or out on 3rd floor,"?
RT: The Feds decided another thing I tried 2 do is illegal. Oh well, Tonette is making a great meatloaf 4 dinner.
Harry potter still sucks
I like to pretend my arm is a violin, and the razor is my bow :)
Since it looks like NYC will be shut down due to Hurricane Irene, what indoor projects are you taking on this weekend?
Andy Grammer! :) RT Tweet us and tell us your favorite show of 2012 so far for your chance to win 2 tix to any show
- We should def hang out next weekend
stop tugging on dudes and get to work
I sure understand it.
UofL has nothing to hang your head about. This is just UK's year.
It looks fun! I saw it at CicLAvia too.
i pretty sure all my sisters hate me #depressing :(
Good game hawks..... Just gotta win 2 more
We are open for Memorial Day, in honor of our service men and women all military personel will receive a complinetary app with their dinner!
Congrats on the booking, WeWi! Nothing like a little #ActorMuscle session to "take the room" + kick ass 2nite at Flappers!
yea go pat!!
ya just the
new song is addicting i cant stop listening to it!
have hard questions for united airlines oh wait it's not ual but continental! u take ual name and brand & cut promised benefits. bad boy!
good morning moon
I miss you too!!! So much! Come back !!!
RT are officially amazing!
Breakfast for dinner
Was a pleasure pouring wine for Mr. Pat Sajak today. Every bit as funny in real life as he is on the Wheel.
oh man! There already going to start taking it down! :(
Got a family that wants me and loves me. Too too right.
Shout out to all the ppl just now puttn they boxes out from Xmas thinkn they waited long enuf that nobody won't steal they shit
You can be overwhelmed, and you can be underwhelmed, but can you ever be simply whelmed?
no..wendys has chicken mcnuggets too!
It's one of those days I wish I never would have gotten out of bed!
hi!!!!! i just sent you a text as well. multi-media communications haha
Unveiling next month: An ephemeral (24 hour), floating, luminous public project...
For once in my life I'm happy and everything is truly going good ❤
Thank you for the RT! Hope to meet you sometime — seems we have mutual friends and passions. :)
The internet seems broken this morning.
Under Investigation...
Taking a break time for some T-bone steaks & then chatting with u listeners on the West coast
Now that Jesus has risen, we can all go back to being the true assholes that we all really are.
God can change the situation your in and reverse the hurt.
wish I could attend this powerful panel. Looking forward to a debrief Alex.
Apologize For The Late Response H2012NY2YANDYOUR, BY THE WAY GOING ON TOUR ON February 10, 2012 WILL KEEP U POSTED-YoBoy-H
what happened to the American pride...Made In America pride...
Grilled mesquite pork sirloin + corn on the cob + mac&cheese = one happy tummy. Horray for good food!!!
you was hacked. Change your password.
nothing really, just got on the computer and chilled.
The strongest principle of growth lies in the human choice. George Eliot
Upstream Public Health and NW Health Foundation join Save Portland PE Coalition!
u got this..proud of you!
GONNA WATCH CUPCAKE WARS 2 NIGHT!! <3 VIP PASTRY SHOES PARTY:) with #swag!!
When will the White Sox stop the speciesists and allow an Iguana Day?
packing...cleaning...
What ever shall I do to celebrate my 170th follower?
It doesn't make sense. Shouldn't they want to elongate their bodies to seem more slender & tall?
On what should you mount a statue of your cat? A caterpillar.
Snuggling in bed with my favorite homo and stupid hoe
oh the forck i love all the stories n imagines of Big Time Rush it make me happy n when my #RusherFamily tt just like
but you was going along with it...aw lmao
Love the thought but wonder if we're designing for Homer
but I can hook you up with some very similar if you did... the beads may be different though ... but same color.
In 2010, the last call we took on New Year's Eve EST was at 11:47pm on how to edit footnotes! What will it be this year?
if any of their employees stop in, we will mention to them. Come by the shop if you are visiting their office
You did good. Great find! Which beach are you at?
I feel like I've been hit by a truck
We are all the naked man today.
I still rock out to Turn It Up! This will always be a jam!
What a game!!! “: Buzzer. Beater. #uwm #gopanthers”
Snowing in NY
Is you scared of whitey ford dawg? Just say you scared of whitey ford, that's it
Aurelien Collin is not leaving KC for good, he is living it up in Europe and New York. He'll be back.
"Japan has really fragile buildings" -Godzilla
it is on the front page of espn3 to be watched. Time Warner, bright house, and Verizon food are listed for this game.
Super homesick today!! Had my tears run but hopefully visiting home in 2 weeks <3
RT Searching for the truth is easy. accepting the truth is hard.
if u like the my music. we can talk in great details. Thanks
#YeahRight you going to get a job and move out
#HungerGames last night said: Don't just win, change system. Later at U. Square, I told #OWS video feed to switch to defending
Nice! Glad you had fun. I was in an out went to the Yankees game
Something as meaningless can make you think
by northwest suburbs
Gus my bus to work is taking a detour or maybe I got on the wrong bus. Maybe I'm being punked...When is the last time that show was relevant
I know I have a lia sophia show that night :/
Looking for suggestions on cloning a wordpress site very quickly and easel to other servery. Plugin or software or anything else.
lmfao I'm never mean too my bby & iknw
Philly sucks. Rogers won at Philly in playoffs last year
RT T2 -Facebook has same dilemma as Google Health: no back-end integration = #fail AND no credibility for security/privacy
to be fair I'm not gonna play these for months either probly
Hey! Follow back? :) only if you want 
hey thanks for the comments last night!
I'm tired... therefore I shall sleep now 😌
yayy I got it correct
You're a bright guy, figuring out Twitter for you will be a breeze.
#NewRulesofCivility 21. Be honorable. Make only commitments you intend to keep.
RARS is our alert for Thursday big play in effect this one could b Mays biggest play
*WAVES* Thanks for spotting us!! How are you?
How to be insanely clutch and choke on the same play by Rajon Rondo.
For once I'm being chauffeured somewhere. Feels kinda good
Tatarewicz: "Newton's balls-there's an app for that." Awesome!
the "I have monday off" crowd is really souring my "it's friday, try to stop me" mood.
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.
All of the starters have been just about as solid as me.
Thinking of dying my hair my natrual color or keep the same color , or ombre ? Ahh hmm hm ...
Congrats to the 32 guys drafted tonight. Another 221 to go - plus about 400 undrafted players to get signed in next 48 hours.
Gamiifaction is a nice technique to trick your brain into thinking differently.
Dairy Queen is so chill overall
Most Excellent flow chart!
Lots of fun traffic today...photo booth arriving soon and all the last minute touches for tonight's opening!
Thoughtfully Built: Homes on Esprit Park include 2 planned City Car Share spots for residents who choose not to own a car.
We're looking to book a lot more shows! If you can help us out then hit us up! =)
Jonathan Quick is my favorite American goalie, too. Hell, he's my favorite goalie period.
Bears vs vikings tomorrow great rivalry.....have to root for bears .... Mcnabb sucks
in reality yes but if you watch me its like wow
Did you apply for a #job this weekend??
Just 2 more weeks living through hell and then #summer2012 <3
haha, I just had an idea for a Halloween costume. Willow Smith lol.
So far so good, it just started! xo
haha. Id be so mad if my sisters did tht!
Thanks for following !!!!
Miss my boo
Only those who risk going too far, find out how far they can go...
do you not follow me?
Thanks for the RT
Bout time anchorman 2 came out, powerstache ftw.
Sleeping in (do I have to get up...sigh)
tinychat PLEASE IM SO BORED ITS NOT EVEN FUNNY
Good Morning! Don't forget, come in today for BOGO 1/2 off all edibles!
XCLUSIVE RECORDS LOOKING FOR SINGERS & RAPPERS! FOLLOW FOR MORE DETAILS
I'm very disappointed in Lyle for not fixing the show. I was hoping he would've fixed everything!
Pulitzer Prize winner Holland Cotter to be this year's MICA Commencement speaker!
Couldn't tell if the new #CenturyLink ad was for a tech company or a #Slinky. Had me confused!
It would be interesting if Uber branded a style of cabs like the iconic London taxi's made by Manganese Bronze Holdings
If you imagine walking 6 blocks SW from Jesse's house, you'd be on my doorstep.
The GUSA senate endorsed the raising the evidentiary standard in the Student Code of Conduct to "clear and convincing" at its meeting Sunday
nice shades!
After two fun days of talking to board members and advocating for the archives, I am unbelievably excited to work alone in my office today.
you ready for your first #ZUMBA experience tomorrow?! so excited to see your first impression ;)
don't know if its too late, but Fiery Furnaces - Police Sweater Blood Vow
funny I bumped into her during #avn and she looked petrified to talk to me
wv prom today...i hope everyone has fun <3
RT : 10 start ups pitching at
hey how are u? How are u been?
Busy day today! We're switching into high gear for that special time of year--Better Speech and Hearing Month!
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity
Glad to read you are back to indie and PSPdfkit! We are looking forward to updates! Alles Gute!
Broke the 3 on my 3rd place trophy and now the 3 looks like a C.
Please! follow my best friend I followed you back! please follow!
Happy Monday! 's Admissions Office can use ur help. Vote for our pirate themed duck @ www.kcparent.com please help us win!
#HappyBirthday To My Dude We missing you mane they ain't a day that goes by that you are forgotten never that (R.I.P) 🙏
thanks already had dinner ready, yours just looked better!!
I did, why?
love that one
U.S. Navy SEALS just took out Osama Bin Laden, orchestrator of the 9/11 attacks. It’s an interesting historical moment. Thoughts?
Did some much needed MySQL tuning and cleanup on my local dev server. So much faster.
My goal is to get more followers than , hey you... follow me
We ready! Let's do this! RT : TONIGHT: Part 2 of the Miami weekend at The Stage Miami. Locos Por Juana opens at 10pm!!
Don't hold a candle to being on guard everyday thinking our villages are going to be attacked and our families slaughtered in an instant.
SNOW FRZRAIN THEN RAIN JOY JOY JOY OFF TO THE GYM
wide awake
you forgot about lol
Two more goals and the #Pens will have more goals than the #Pirates had hits today.
Almost ready for Coverings but I still need to wrap up a few things B4 leaving for Orlando. #OdysseyCollection, CHECK! Grass skirt uh..
I love meeting new people on the plane. I have a new friend from Ghana that lives in Korea Town now:-)
Messaging advisory to Ron Paul supporters: Fed audits are hereafter to be referred to as "Mammongrams."
Whelp- been there, done that and bought the t-shirt.
Goodbye, Dick Clark. You at American Bandstand Grill telling me my Electric Lemonade looked "heinous" is one of my favorite things ever.
Officially visiting Harvard in june
We dig meat sweats means you have indulged a bit!
What's the #Yankees payroll again?
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Phenom 150: LaShawn Harrison ⁰Rising 9th ⁰Southampton, Pa ⁰Travel Team: Southampton ⁰Shooting Guard 5’11
Actor's Intensive Workshops Begin in October! 5 Week Technique Class: LA Oct. 12 – Nov. 9 Audition/Cold Reading Workshop: SF Oct. 16 & 17
Awesome! Can you suggest we be friends so I can watch?
“Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we’re here, we might as well dance
yes we do. Are you wanting to write something up?
Really rooting for meryl streep here
wicked delayed....but yes very true lol
Following live twitter updates from the #Gardner hearing. Very emotional
itchy-new-tattoo-phase
Thank you! Starting her early, she did use the lip brush to apply;)
RT whats up, relaunching holla at me trying to get you in there
it was great meeting you Friday. Good luck with training. Next time I see a set list, I'll peel it off of the stage for you.
Last weekend I hooked up with a really cute guy and he keeps calling. Shoud I answer????
when I saw u on abdc I screamed and. Had to rewind it LOL:D
I've got some old bapestas if you still need prom shoes
Yes, as a matter of fact it is.
Doing regular exercise or learn to manage #stress would be enough to reduce 1 million cases of #Alzheimer's in five years. / Dr Gary Small
sociology. Last required courdr
I hate fucking copiers.... On the bright side wiff munchkin Anna!!:)
#MSC2011 lines are too long snacks and soda
On the way to the airport, ready to be back in PDX. I will try to bring some weather with me.
I really need to stop tweeting with so many exclamation points.
Finishing up Fall Orientation. These students have officially begun writing the first chapter of their Oakbridge Storybooks..
Ended up Gettin 6th with that last entry in the monster 1k for 81. Biggest MTT score to date but you know how it is coming so close
"Life can't be all bad when for 10 dollars you can buy all the Beethoven sonatas and listen to them for 10 years." ~William F. Buckley, Jr.
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty. -Lao Tzu
I hope you have the time of your life.
People can be so immature
when you and were in the shower ;)
When one door closes, another door opens
What is Chris Rock thinking with What to Expect When you are Expecting Movie?
Just saw a brilliant Romanian movie (available on Netflix streaming): If I Want to Whistle, I Whistle. Check it out!
As of 8 am today no new arrests and no injuries at protests: Elise Schaffer, Dane County Sheriff's Office, at command center.
Another weird thing about St. Louis - I have no idea how this hotel/mall that #Nicar12 is in, functions. Restaurants and shops seem desolate
Thanks for following Credible Consulting & ! Can't wait to hear what delicious things you tweet at me!
we are usually stocked at Artale wines and spirits and the woodmans
Never before precedent murder, opens up the door for mass murder w/ no protection under the Geneva Convention; you violate it, you lose it!
Players that have their heads down or towels over their heads deserve too loose....you where beaten before the tip off
Oh!! started following me. Haven't had the pleasure yet, but looking forward to the 1st experience!
Agh cant wait till summer!
THE RAID: PIG IN THE CITY
Encore's Follow Fridays!
is making a web site
Just walked into the arena for tonights Bucks/Jazz game. Brandon Jennings is right in front of me, they're laying down the floor, let's go!
“: The dance world is taking over.”
Heading to Chicago in the morning. Looking forward to #thatcampaha and
"Windex the paw prints off the window"? Say what?
shout out
": *In school* Teacher: "Must be 5-10 sentences." Me: "Yeah, I'm only writing five then.."
Nice piece on Patti Smith on the morning show altho i question the word 'controversial' to describe Mapplethorpe. Why?
lmao how do yiu know I cant cook?! :( I can use google! & thats close enough. So wyd ?!
it's ok graduation day I'll find out ;)
I mean it was nearly impossible to wrap up such a great series. That being said, I was ok with it.
Weather is looking great for the next few days!! Come on out!!
Someone has road rage! # crazydrivers
A major energy zapper is an inability to recognize personal limits. Learn to Say NO.
aw next time, yeah?
romney wins, country continues to slide, radical lefty wins 2016. Texas leads secession in 2018. Not sayin, just sayin..
Kissing don't last: cookery do. George Meredith
Ahahahahhahahahahahahanahhahaha YEAH. BUDDY
thank u! I'm feeling much better :)
Not on site so can't verify if is in the house - but thought that was a good guess! Hope you get tickets!
Ha, I'm not sure, mais he's an infinitely more stylish dresser;
When has he NOT looked the doofus? As someone who works hard on his doofus look, I'm offended by your 'tude ;)
HELLO ALL GOOD FLOWER
Q: When does a cub become a boy scout? A: When he eats his first Brownie.
Both of us- B.o.B ft Taylor Swift... On repeat
": Much love to follow now"
If they don't chase you when you walk away, keep walking.
I think it would be more fun if we went for Dominican food. Especially if the Indians win the Central.
done took too many loses not to win
You & monkey .... Monkey lolol
what's it doing to you?
of course lol and good! Im.beginning to understand things!
. students - sufficiently etiquetted! Great chat w minimal inappropriateness on my part, I call that a win.
I have been only watching for the last half n hr, come on caps
It's hot...oh wait...that's just me 😜
hey doll!!! follow back
wonderful to have you be there tonight, thank you!
With .2% of polls coming in, the liberal news media already declaring Gingrich South Carolina primary winner.
i wanna go what yall goin there for
Lets Speak With Reference To Liquiboost Total Body Cleanse...
Try using a neti-pot -- " I'm quite certain that whitening your teeth is the sloppiest activity on the planet."
I hear #Khloe and Lamar were spotted leaving my doctors office this morning. Wonder if I will run into them in the lobby sometime!
one red bull, two coffees, im still working on the movie
My peace and signs of hope comes in nature
I just deleted them, no biggie. LOL I'm good.
Yeah buddy xD
awee! do it to me!
The comments are just goin on and on in my RWClist on yahoo. Most talked about book in the time I've been a member. + & -
Come on Duke- now would be a great time to step it up
Day 2 of the Making Ohio Schools Work conference.
Hanging out with Scott & Jenny of Two Bar.
GM Working....
let me know a couple weeks ahead of time, I got you
JD with another great one: "We call him 'amazing', but opposing pitchers will call him 'annoying' (among other things)."
I will check your blog for sure... Thanks.
Just mowed my lawn...all tired and ready for bed now
Lord show me the way, and if you can't show me the way forgive me for being lost.
you're welcome :)
Excited to work with you.
So tired and so sore.
Our agency is enjoying the Disney Earmarked Conference today! Tonight we are headed to Universal for a VIP tour and dinner!
For more information or to place an order just contact me
prove it..
Thanks for the RTs
Welcome #Obama2012’s newest Twitter family member, campaign manager Jim
Flying spider?! What?!
thanks for the mention
. What else happened on Django besides some cast shuffling?
Seek deep philosophical meaning in all you do, but don't be dorky about it.
At wrk doing things that should of been done! Ugh lazy people make me sick!
u only sent one right? If so i def got it.
let's start this weekend full of events
Tire talk...Monday's 10:30 Public Service meeting will discuss the rise of tire dumping and methods to combat this nuisance.
2015 can't come soon enough
You have met her right? Her food is really incredible. I am back in town, how have you been?
We booking up fast. Get here now!
Instead on one album every couple of years and a few singles, its three albums a year. When did this arms race thing get underway?
You know, a day that starts with me sprinting down a busy city street in my pajamas really has nowhere to go but up.
needs a new outlet....
ouch did that jus happen
What did you do to my Tigers last night?! I guess the shoulder is fine.
A pain only mac n cheese can help
This sick, strange darkness comes creeping on so haunting every time.
Thanks for posting my tweet, I appreciate!
Police bear some responsibility for this accident since they started the chase. Girls would've been caught eventually anyway.
isn't it a proven fact that in general, the more sleek the router, the higher speeds it can achieve? ;~)
i bite my thumb at thou traffic!
Ive given up on Weeks man. I cant watch him anymore without thinking strikeout first.
coamerica park Detroit
Happy 100th birthday, Tiger Stadium. Miss you, old girl.
Enter the Super Shopper Stamp Card drawing on Sunday and you could win $500 in prizes!
are you a fan of oysters?
Hey, it"s #Cavs vs #Nets ... we'll just be happy if Humphries doesn't go for 28/15...
I have the most amazing friends a person could ask for :)
I've had "We Are Young" stuck in my head for two weeks now. Only the chorus, because you get to shout it.
Lolololol , This Bitch Put "The Conversation With Me & #Oomf >" On Facebook . . Um , Really Bitch . Really ?
Back on the virtual felt playing the VIP $5k Freeroll...$2k starting stack...$1k for first...here we gogogogo!
#sex is the most fun you can have without #smiling...so #grin when you bare it - #itstheonlyway!
Go ahe*d bitch u just making me more poupler!!
one or two more, The shows again are AMAZING, and ,yes, Your BEST EVER- ( best ever tour really) . Thank you again and good
Always smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 9
Don't lie? He exonerated himself by lying & sticking to an obviously false story. How can you tell him not to lie when it worked?
RUSH Now Follow and get followed same time
you know those times when you sit back & youre just in love with the moment & everything about it...? ya, I'm there right now.
yep. Almost took a job with them, then went dot-com startup instead
Blah blap jus wanted to tweet
We'll be closed for the holiday weekend Thurs, 11/24 -- Sat, 11/26. Have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Happy Birthday partner!
. Does this make sense?
I'm so shitty at bowling.
good call. But that's what Macy's is for...
you too!
Thank you <333 RT : happy mothers day , enjoy your day . God Bless
2 on after a throwing error.
Even the stars refuse to shine!
#OHSFoodTruck I've formed a food truck coalition so I can try it all. Just split a Comfest Goddess from !
I'm nott sure...I love Cam, but #7 #34 #88 were retired for guys that gave 4 years of service to AU - and got degrees
woah!! Aren't you supposed to be in town? Like last weekend?
Squirrel outside my window sees me eating food. Wants it. Trying to get it. Just threw himself at the window. Splat. Fall. #Fail. Aw! & lol!
Hi, I'm a Mahomie and I have no social life, bad grades and a terrible sleeping pattern, thanks to Austin Mahone. But I regret nothing.
Happy Cinco De Mayo! Stay Safe out there.
I really don't thing Kentucky season hinges on getting Noel or shabbaz I think Kentucky has a great group coming in &will getmore
yummy!! Glad you're feeling better babe! 💜🍸🐱
Chillin in New York!
I told that person they needed anger management. Jeez, some people are just so mean.
People handing out fliers in Dupont for equality march. "I'm putting on brave face but it is pretty disorganized" says a volunteer.
People act like they are forced to watch the Spurs @ Suns game. Since its so boring, change the channel. Easy as 1..2..3..
No kidding... next time we'll just let your stalker... vacuum.
The past couple days have made me realize that I hate two things more than anything in the world... poison ivy, and shots
Excited to attend Ripples of Hope this evening!
In a relationship, the power always goes to the one who cares less..
Don't forget to bring a donation to the Hope House to #CovertTU tomorrow!
coming to Chicago June 24th? Okay!
Happy Friday! I will be glad when this week is over. Too hectic.
I have the worst luck. 🍀❌
Gov. Perry's speech today was good, the mention of God, forgiveness was the mark of a godly man.
But laminating is bad!
As much as I'd like to attend the reading for Erin Morgenstern's The Night Circus - having worked for the circus, I'm kind of over it.
s/o to and for affording cats an opportunity. a lot of the time, that's all an unsigned artist needs...an opportunity.
Terible inning on the bases for the Pirates in the 4th
We need to find a way to bringUSon one accord,no matter our mental and emotional differences
hey ape how do you know god is a man
You wonder why they bothered.
is AH-MAZE-ING. see her in concert... I'm a HUGE fan now. So talented!
hahaha, right on
Why can't it just be nice sunny weather for the rest of the year? Fuck this bipolar weather shit.
Next time you hear Mitt Romney speaking, close your eyes and picture Will Ferrell doing his Harry Carey impression.
you got that smile that only heaven can make I pray to everyday that you keep that smile - <33333333
waiting for my big booty boyfriend to come see me :)
Hotsheet Live: Voters frustrated with lack of transparency
#smca sorry to be missing the gig tonight. Best wishes on winning a Tequila Fest ticket door prize :-)
Most people will always follow the path of least resistance. Therefore, Easter chocolate set out in the room will be eaten.
I can almost see what else you're reading LOL. My kindle has all my teen daughters books on it so i look like a twit.
all this mess has highlighted is the franchise vs club model of football...will be interesting to see what happens
That's SO cool!! haha I might just spam your twitter with all this sick merch I find :D I sure don't mind it x]
on my way!
Horacio Ramirez is a bad penny.
The dust is Afghnistan is smaller than the other dust in the world. Doctors are finding dust deep in returning soldiers lungs
I love that this is happening.
Home from walk in the woods with Karen, Heidi and Star. Nice way to unwind after a very hard week (despite a fall or 2)! No deer this time.
lol it turned out packed lol i completely just got back
you keep us laughing! join us on Friday for TweetSeats live theatre #sm + special comp tix to #IdiotLA! DM us asap.
Out with the Sqaud tonight, time to clear my head and have some fun finally !
def the #hottest #cunt on the f'n block
It is certainly the case, his music keep calm many people
wonderful hope you had a good time
In Minneapolis for #aam2012: panel on creating "Communities of Conversation around Exhibitions." In my case, RACE: Are We So Different?
imwithyou : 2 years from now the browns will be in the playoffs. file that away. i believe it. i have to. I'm from cleveland
Got my tickets to the cav's game,now I need to find a cleveland hotel
New Chicago White Sox closer Chris Sale to undergo MRI on sore left elbow - Winnipeg Free Press
Parra, you sexy mother fucker
He said it! "A friend is nothing but a known enemy. " - Kurt Cobain
someone give me something to do until two oclock!!!
You should! Where do you want to go?
Great day overall @ #hpmkt. Found many new vendors, product for clients and avoided the rain. One disappointment did not ruin the day!
Q1 Even in the wealthiest of communities, there are patrons w/out comp access.
Hata words >> he USE too>>he DID>>he WAS
I wrote a Woman's Prayer - Dear Lord, please keep Rick Santorum out of my pants.
Hamels suspended 5 games and an undisclosed fine for last night.
So college softball comes on while my mom is channel surfing, she looks at me, then changes the channel. UM I WANTED TO WATCH THAT!!
I hope Martin is a good gambler
#OWS, global social uprisings, economy in meltdown, climate stress...times are a changin' - will they give rise to the Age of Consciousness?
Religion is started by individuals. Philosophy is not dependent on religions. Religion has no meaning without philosophy.
cool! can i come? lol
The Brewers should sponsor a submarine or NASA rocket or something.
Damn, really need to start wearing glasses to paint these tiny little details, how did this happen I was always 20/20!
glad you made it safe that's drive is too real
# imagine Selena: 2009: "He is like my younger brother." 2010: "We're just friends." 2011: "We're dating." 2012: "I'm pregnant." lmao xD
One can only hope. RT : Is it bringing all the boys to the yard?
Rain is on the way. Scattered shower activity can be expected within the next few hours. Strong storms possible tonight through Wed.
6 police cars just passed me. :/
Okay peeps im out - chat ltr ~
So in essence, Olbermann abused his power. Thank you for clearing that up,
So I'm directing Craig Wright's The Pavillion, with three top-notch actors, and we'll be doing it in living rooms around Chicago.
Ok. Who is going to win the first game? Ravens or Patriots?
"People are like elevators, they either take you up or they take you down."
- Just got the Mac & Cheese Bites - The office went nuts and I only got 2!! They are WONDERFUL-next time I will have to get extra!
Someone on Twitter said "I'll walk the dog in 5 minutes" 19 minutes ago...
My mom is SO irritating in the morning.
Glory Rocket that we just watched launch live has FAILED...Tune in...
I just saw two shooting stars c: Looking for more.
": First dates = awkward. First kisses = heavenly. First love = irreplaceable. First heartbreaks = Unforgettable" tweet it girl
No worries. If you've a link or text that expands on the trend you're seeing, I'd appreciate learning more.
Ben Cherington has so little money for free agent signings; Theo Epstein spent it all last offseason.
It's that time again Millennium Disco $5 vodka cold beer and late nights w/ come get some Password=MegaMan
It's been a long day, settling nicely into my book.
I think I was watching that day. I called in and I was nervous and everything and he was like making fun of me, I was like..
Thanks dear! I hope so too... I'm in a lot less pain now than I was yesterday!
RT : #IGoToCoralParkWhere my teacher leaves first than tha students...
I'm not mad. I'm hurt. There's a difference.
I hope those words mean something to you..
- Dude! You're a monster. No backup?
if you see tell him I said hey good looking ;P
A one point game with 12 seconds to go!! Come on, LAKERS!!!!!!
right up until i overdo it and start twitching
veggie omelet, flour torillas, coffee and OJ. got to remember to leave myself a good tip
You're looking at a world that is not there, a personality that is not there. Its just a projection on the Reality.
Bored. Done watching these videos.
Thanking God for all things in my life! Sometimes all u need to say is THANK YOU!!!
No matter how many times you say it, #ToonamisBackBitches still has that cool ring to it.
Tried photographing #LunarEclipse through binoculars - once got good owl pix that way but no dice thanks et al for great pix
u too much!! haha
Man I Miss Steven "Moonie" Manning like a mf! Always w/a smile, often w a dance! Thx 4 teaching me 2 live my life w/o inhibitions!
The Mint was the best night of my life. - please don't forget your promise to come to San Antonio (:
Action is the real measure of intelligence.
: Here's hoping that your former bandmates decide their lawsuit is wrong. Blessings to you and your family.
Is it #Friday yet? :/
Journalists recall the Derby celebs who cast a memorable light - Kansas City Star
Thanks for the inclusion into your Daily posting.
it's like 40 degrees here every day
the quick red fox waslked under the tired dog.
So blessed to be able to work for and with my father.
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!!! Awesome couple!!
BEYOND grateful that was understanding and let me into class a little late. Sorry never again!
- Totally. Good luck with the move back to LA.
probably i tied her to a table so i could run away from her
It was great meeting you guys last night! Let's keep in touch!
I totally agree!!!
how can that even be possible, I'm at home tonight.
I kinda feel bad...but I had to be honest :/
Stay N yo Lane... Stay n yo muthafuckin Lane
Last week was a great one for stocks...it's about time
So u can get drivers on ur id... N do relief RT what's this driving class about
The first rule of CSS Hack Club is "You don't talk about CSS Hack Club."
Yall will hear some of those r&b joints on my upcoming #fireyourghostwriter project
well, i like you back!
Some 'say what they mean' ... Others 'say what they say.'
I swear if one more f**king person says something bad about Austin i'm gonna go f**king ape s**t! >:(
E! News: John Travolta's original masseur accuser drops sexual assault case against actor
A whole slew of busty new followers. They must know I've been working out.
Gonna have to get over the fact that my room will be a complete mess for the next month 😔
good picks. we think ben is the fav. rt I hope Ben, Ryan, West r the nxt bach! liked thm all can't wait 2 c
#KansasCity Stand Up!!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
The dentist ruined my day.
Twelve Buck Tuesday! Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens only $12...add on Unlimited Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for $5 more!
I don't know who most of these young guys are but I love them...
Hells fucking yeah!! Truly love what AvB has done with this alias! I imagine more epic tune will continue under this name!
learning highway 405 is all the doom & gloom i require. i prefer the sunshine, but i agree, too conservative.
What a nice X-mas gift: A letter from NoMAA informing me that I was selected to receive a grant from the NoMAA Creative Grant program!
I'm listn 2 a Smiths CD that I rented from the library... Now, I'm going to download all of their songs in mp3s (again)...
that means I had have to go over her house! ha! she already has a faucet that will evennttttually go in. Love her.
Early voting goes until Oct. 30th. If you haven't gone yet, please take the time to do so and bring supporters with you!
trying to find that awesome reading spreadsheet .. it was on a blog called firefly or dragonfly ... can anybody help me out?
WOW!! Pujols, Wilson and now Chris Paul to the Lakeshow??? Southern Cali is doing Big Things!!!!
Denver increased its bike lanes by 77 miles last year, says Mayor Hancock
Much needed wine time with my buds.
It is -2 degrees right now in Boston, looking forward to some nicer weather in this weekend!
what's for dinner :))))
“: Why am I still 15? I wanna drive already. 😢 #ugh”
im good!!! I know its been too long
Will you two Polar Bears be wind surfing in Lake Michigan today?
who got next? send em our way Bravo
Save the date: Nintendo's E3 presser is Tuesday, June 5th at 9am (it should be broadcast live from Nokia Theater)
HOW DO I KNOW IF I WANNA FOLLOW YOU IF YOU BLOCK PEOPLE WHO ARENT FOLLOWING YOU FROM SEEING YOUR TWEETS?
Here we go again............& that is why there should ALWAYS be a defenseman on the ice.
Ouu I'm so mad! Today sucks major monkey ball so far...
In my slaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbb.
Wow! you used my favorite Billie Holiday quote . . . great minds think alike. Am following back! Bev
Just realized three major Korean directors have American debuts coming out this next year.
hey pretty lady with the big brown eyes lol tht song is burnin
Very positive shout out at keynote for #pcpgh6 !
I love you!c; <3
setting up the Slatebox blog
Gut feeling: That the #Habs are going to win the draft lottery tonight!
Brought my clothes to work out after work and realized I forgot my pants. No pants workout?
Very excited to plan a baseball group outing for next month for O's v Nats-bring on the boys and the beer!
no complaints from me.
: Congratulations to you! :)
yes!! It was do amazing - sad u missed it!!
and it was just poor work all around
Ruth is on the carpet with Patrick Dempsey, so not expecting Kristen till she's unoccupied....
Thank you...love & light to you too.
thanks dan. I will read it tonight. Thanks!
Radio interview in Anchorage, on the most popular radio show in Alaska--thanks, Bob & Mark at KWHL 106.5!
Be sure to come by the booth #1503 for a chance to win a $25 gift card & a new #Dell XPS laptop -
My Portal 2 level. I appreciate the honesty.
it's been off a little all day..hope he does place will go nuts
Getting my braces off and new crown for my missing tooth. Oh and the '78 broke down today and made me late. But it's all good.
amen ICONiacz need to calm down! no one leaving the boys
Poor baby! I was hoping that you would be feeling better by now. Try some chicken broth and crackers sweety!
Still waiting to see how FourSquare has paid off for anyone.
I was thinking Robert Smith and Michael Jackson
The crows were so loud outside of the house this morning that they woke me up twice.
Frank Ocean >
Above all, Love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. -1 Peter 4:8
tis the season for snacking! enjoy!RT : oh my goodness I am so excited right now!!! thank you so much!!
Lovin thos drunk dial moments. Oh wait know i'm not acktually
If you don't get a DM, I'm so sorry! There's just so many<3 you're all beautiful!
Time to get down to business
thanks for the tickets! Super excited to taste some too.
I am working today. I made that, took a shower, got up #Kman, and dressed him all in an hour.
Thank you to the Rios family!! You are the first to rent The Double Nate this weekend!!
Not happy with your website? Want 2 know how it could be improved? We do offer free consultations to move your brand in the right direction!
lmao I love you to mam, don't drink too much.
thanks, I hope to stop by
You know, just waitin for new chapters of sparks fly...
ilove How iM Cryin And Hes There To Cheer Me Up <3 Even tho he threw a pen at my neck -_-
's dad kind of looks like hitler.
I fix computers.........in Las Vegas.......I run a shop......it's on spring mountain and jones...... (702) 641-5555....don't fear the reaper
eat out the next month then your first meal in your new home will be more exciting :)
REALEST tweet I seen in a minute!
Lmaoooo RT “: He so cute... *pulls up avi* ok ok if you squint he's kinda cute”
Nope! That's all they get. I think it works because people are taking photos with their phones already.
Well my shirt is on it's way, yes! time for a change!!!
some people who cannot make it in the morning are wondering if the A.D. black history month presentation will take all SRT
great to make your acquaintance.
Am I the only one on my street who dosnt have their christmas lights up yet?
Be impeccable with your word
yeah it does blow. I have to wake up at 2am everyday for work, that swallows!
My town is pretty much gone & so is a lot of other towns here in Kentucky. Everyone here could really use your prayers.
Well that's what we're gonna win then. I'm excited!!! I MISS YOU SO FREAKING MUCH.
Feel like a little kid the night before going to Disneyland......can't wait for the new season of Game of Thrones to begin tonight!!!
should be anywhere from 10-12$! See you then!
follow back NEGIRL
Sat. at the Cellar Door Records Doulble CD Release Show! Keith Vance, J Markert, Diamonds & Pearls, Tom Evanchuck! Please RT!
WHAT IS IT
avengers came put today am so freakin excited!!!!
Missing seeing on my DVR every day. Can't wait for new shows!
we there tonight
i be there soon. Lets keep the numbers high
The boyfriend video was different from the previews but okay...
you know im on the ps3 my dude. ima cop it too.
about to go out wbu?
I have not gotten diablo 3 I feel like less of a nerd now :(
SURE IKAW PA !!
Read the book: The Hunger Games
See, told you “: It is a scientific fact that if you stay in bed, nothing bad can ever happen.”
um why, Austin makes me mad
Bottoms up
I hate when Ppl judge me.and dont kno me
#youmightbeaterroristif you think its contradictory for a gov't to deregulate WallSt. while saying its okay to regulate the internet
More cool #winning journos , , & (hope this is right) Congrats! See u @ SPJ-SD banquet
We're cutting petty cash in your dept
Inhale Love - Exhale Hate ~ Unknown
Need to win this game
I've got a nice big box of cupcakes!
#milwaukee Wooden frames are present in 94 percent of all new homes. DId u know that!
<--- Everyone Plz Follow ...OR ELSE!!!
Hm...I'm on the home page but can't seem to find resources pg <- msg from the Utterly Analog Guy :-)
Alinder at #OAH2012 :"Slapping stuff up on the web is NOT access." Working with local HS, arts orgs, and activists is key." YES!
Thanks for tweeting that image! You've won free admission to the opening tonight at 6:00. Let them know at the door, congrats!
Yo but their dope though .
Hey,do you have some free time 2day :)
I haven't taken a shit since like Tuesday.. Wtf
Were you guys serious about the whole '80s thing..? Cause that sounds awesome!
heading to Citizens Bank Park to deliver the 1st pitch at Phillies game better be over the plate or answer to !
dam how much you want?
The Startup of You by Reid Hoffman is an essential read for transitioning professionals. A client of mine read it and loved it
Frank Spaziani and Gene DeFilippo now have all of the excuses they can ever assemble.
i was promised ihop today. did i get ihop? no.
Just did! :) RT : Thanks Gracias Obrigado por el follow please also LIKE us on...
last night it was kush and cirocc
I like the lineup for side stages at summerfest. Wish I had more money to go. Broke social worker :(
just got so pumped from reading that email #summertimesfine💪
That's a good comparison, although Kerry is much better than Romney. (I voted for Kerry in '04.)
preettttty stoked for this weekend <3 get to hang with some awesome people. then, next week the frantic, week after that is gang vocals
Huge truck Crash off the side of the i5 at the north gate exit. Its snowing in seattle!
did you get my emails
Retainers suck
Joe Francis seems normal
RT : turned out and up!
Everyone quit their fucking bitching.
RT : #Michigan QB Denard Robinson (Deerfield Beach) scores on a 32 yard scamper. Already over 100 rushing yds in first half.
I'm be a og in that shit gangbangin on bacon and eggs
Aw, gee, thanks!
the one about horse fossils plugs into bill's pragmatism stuff in a kind of excellent way, I think
It's true. Works on mobile... I'm nagging wapo newsIT about this now
Lambda Lambda chapter Car Wash today at 420 E. Capitol Drive @ Mc Donalds! 10-3pm... $5 for cars and $7 for trucks!:-)
good morning ;)
Hey, don't have a whole lot to say on that but shoot me an email.
iPhone 4S it's not the #iphone5 but still with the A5 CPU…7X faster
well im home now, so lets chitchat kiddo
worked on lady loki last night and awesome sauce is brewing =)
Just noticed that my sweater has been crusted with snot/spitup/milk all day long. Le sigh.
A Review of the Best Natural Breast Enhancement Products? #RatchetBait Union Square
Isn't it a relief to know you won't get raped as long as you aren't stupid enough to go to the #PlacesWherePeopleGetRaped ?
Bill? Honeys, I'm not on first-name basis with bands. Who is Bill from?
for a week they are. Better see your Conan ass
Brafton #SEO #CEO how's my #LinkedIn Profile look? If I was you I would look at the staff. Is anyone over 40 years old?
Who's seeing performance at The Bank of America Pavilion tonight??!!
....discussing Title 9 that requires equivalent treatment among male and female athletes...equality of funding, etc.
Unfortunately I have never seen 2001. Sad, I know.
Thanks ! RT "Today I backed and it feels great! Check them out!"
I miss you too! I was gonna come back to work but plans changed :( <3 u!
Damn ..shes def about tht life...RT Whoa this trick said she likes two fists up her vagina o_O wth!
RT : um SB what ever happened to NY signing footage ?
same here -.-
RT : The biggest misconception about Mitt Romney is that he actually cares about answering the questions.
I love and I despise my ex, but I would never submit her photos. Does that make me a hypocrite, a hoarder, or a gentleman?
wow. Her tour bus?
Amy and members of the American Idol Band are scheduled to video 2 of Amy's songs, "Love Handles & Do Drop Inn" in March.
its ok its just another day
that book is wonderful I thank u Tyrese for writing this book ..its a great help for all walks of life!!!~
Yummy recipes!!
All star game tonight hope its better than that starters nonentertaning disappointing dunk contest worst dunk contest ever
#mymompacksmylunch ? #yourmompacksapunch Yes I am middle class as are you. And yes I called out President Obama. What.
Eau Claire shoutout
thank you.
ready to learn about reverse innovation
Get more consumers to request it. RT : How can sommeliers get more Gruner Veltliner onto restaurant lists?
:) thankyou!! RT : Congratulations to both & on winning the Team Player of the Year award!
I still hold a grudge on Sergio Ramos from last time
will be on Friday from 7-9pm EST signing autographs!!!!!!!!!
Mhmm you tell her! \(._.)z RT No bitch, it's ;p RT : Everyone missed foreal!!
those people can stand in the back for the pictures
Loving the tweets and pics! Thanks
Mat 6:8 Therefore do not be like them, for your Father knows what things you have need of, before you ask Him.
Elbow soreness ": hyperextended spincter RT : prediction: Luke to DL announcement after game"
Happy Mother's Day all!
Have no fear, Cabrera is here! What a diving catch!
1200 followers!!! Yes!!!
I'm just groovin, not farting!! ;)
And i would too she is amazing :-) RT : Someday I'll be pestering y'all to be voting for for ACM New Artist!
I became enlightened. That's a pain though, if you aren't a monk. People just think you're really depressed.
To hear Billy Joel tell it, he rarely got a satisfying night of sleep.
said you could provide insight into using iPads 1:1 in math and sciences. At 1:1 middle school in MD. Love to chat!
okay good haha ;p
W/ his copious millions, you'd think #Romney could've sprung for a public-speaking course for himself & his family.
don't go down that path. You'll never live it down
Of course! I am hoping it involves Postino and copious amounts of bubbly. Have you been to FnB? I'm told we're going there Fri.
#sendflowers - Designers in at 3am on Monday
I hate this ratchet ass old man!
Agreed, but the idea that it's Wade's team is a joke, regardless.
Yeah. we usually put our bags over our legs and walk past them sometimes lmao
« Even though #Pisces appear soft on the outside they are hard as rock inside and manage to keep things together.»
hey buddy are you sure your ok from what Chachi did to you
here's that video i was talking about before!!!
👋 where have u been?
Brian Roberts should get a tattoo beard.
If they do I've never seen em! I want one!
There will be six commentators that will be expressing their feelings towards Singh's artwork & the African Burial Ground
who? When did u start?
Getting super excited for the #Lectora User Conference! Can't believe it's in just one month. Only 43 spaces left!
you get a really nice feeling after you do something really interest free.
This some bullshit
When I find it, I don't need it. When I need it, I can't find it.
yo u here??
Now time for the Fiesta Bowl
GIRLFRIEND?!? That's it... You'd better have a good explanation or the wedding is off mister!
Its gone be hot af today
oh lighten up :p
This country music award show is absolutely brutal.
20 minutes of riding and it feels like the ankle's snapped in half. Noo :(
But this migraine...
We're thinking about putting Bride of Pin*bot at Slabtown.
What sports will your mom be watching from the sidelines this weekend?
Loves having visitors.
I think we need 7th heaven reunion show stephen
Peyton finalizing a contract with Broncos!! Oh boy
I unblocked the Shit .. I wonder did he Even try to call
It's Friday... Check out * ESTATE * Boston's best dance club!
do you guys know what #MCC is?(:
#DearYoungSelf Regardless of how cool Tpain makes it look, it is never wise to fall in #love with a stripper..
7 different instances of #Speakerphone in one sound design session...I guess I kinda love that plug-in.
Thanks to Certified Auto Services, LLC for supporting our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause!!! thanks!
Thanks. I looked at yours too. Interesting.
Watching like listening to Hawk & Steve Stone. They been around the game a long time, great stories. Im always learning new things
Haven't used twitter a lot! :O
Yeah awesome. 15 days in the Fla Keys. I felt like I was on the European employee vacation plan. LOL
I guess I missed out on me and kellers famous hey tells last night
There is a reclamation of public space happening above and around me. All City living should be like this
...and today's drive will be roughly from somewhere in UT to somewhere in/near Las Vegas.
kababs yes and quite popular :) Let me know when you're ready to go big in Finland :)
Please see my answer on to: How can i cash a check that's made out to me and the estate of my spouse? - In Wisc...
You should be HAPPY. :c
OK! don't worry too much. we'll help either way! :>)
cammy! i miss you so much<3 need to see you soon! movies in NYC? dm me and call me later! love you so much <3
I haven't failed. I've found 10,000 ways that won't work - Benjamin Franklin
Getting nervous! First 1/2 marathon this weekend after injuries that took me out of running last May! I can do this and not die.......right?
it's Aiiight bout to go hoopin later today
yup! Just be listening!
Casey is being fascinated by butt implants. Im nonplused.
Gotta try Tip Top's vegetarian sloppy joe with some sweet potato fries!! (even the carnivores are eating it!)
I'm totes gonna check that out when I get home.
Felt the earthquake yesterday. news said to expect aftershocks in a few days.
Good morning my boating tweeters! We have a great line up for tonight's event! Everything from a 250 Select up to a 540 Sundancer!
DOORS and disco: It's a heady combination.
I just cut off my hair. :o
Getting very close to the Draft, check out this preview and how kahn will mess this up www.timberwolves.blogspot.com
Damn Taylor...tell em how u really feel
Thanks for the RT! We loved that graphic. Got our days started out the right way!
The same one that I pray to before I close my eyes everynight is the samr one that's responsible for opening them up every morning.
I Aint never seen a politician on my street, so I do for my people, as you should!
AHOY MATEYS. PREPARE FOR WHIZ KID TERROR ON THE HIGH SEAS. WE'RE GONNA BOARD YOUR VESSEL, AND THEN PROBABLY TURN IT INTO A FLOATING DISCO.
Proud New Yorker
Why on this night do we take an open book test before uncomfortably eating with people we just met who assumed we are religious?
you'll have to visit next time you're in SoCal, we'll hit the links.
These feelings are meant to stay,
+1 on all three observations
Same to you, thanks for the mention.
It was her picture And the second question So Anwser it-A
This horrible night has been made easier thanks to my #Yankees Tweethearts!! <3
The Frank Rich article is spot on. Folk inside the beltway and the media not only do not get it, if they do they are trying to destroy it.
Don't make me hop up out this pretty thing and take a twitpic.
Would it be mean to paint some Balut and have them out for an easter egg hunt?
With on #BI not being a point release. Probably just the IT - Functional disconnect...
every year people say rude stuff about the yearbook. Don't listen to them! I'm sure it's amazing :)
No cllue what 's ustream was about today...
I really love the red hot chili peppers
Leap into fun today & receive 5% cash back! Their vertical wind tunnel will blow you away. Happy Leap Day!
I love when Panera gets over run by frat boys...
i hate you shaun lsojmakdalkx
lol its okay girl
RT : A4: Show youre ready by going above and beyond the call of duty
my faavvv part was when he was singing and hugging his wife and crying <3
flower pot head ahh
great now the whole world knows!
Darn well I live in Baltimore. I wanted to do an interview about your background/journey to the NFL. Not any controversial stuff
I hope it fucking haunts you forever that you're the reason behind the scars on someone else's body.
5k 6max PLO today. By far the most enjoyable tournament of the summer so I really want to make it last
Busiest weekend of the year for the NYC hack line. Stand up for the horses! Join Coalition for demo Sat, Dec 17, 1-3 pm...CPSouth Ave!
For Churchill in-house news, follow Also, is a great Derby follow, too.
I'm in kingsport!
S/o to my new follower I just hit you with a
I really want to meet
People keep comparing to Dave Matthews Band, yet they all say he's not gonna make it after AI. Hmm...how far has DMB made it?
Hands down, You suck at Photoshop
Chelsea FC use to be good. Haha.
I hope the next one doesn't cause... camera problems.
LET'S GO DEFENSE!!!
Lebron obviously didn't get no ass from Chris Bosh cause he not focused
pearl snaps r ok. Jacked up trucks needs to b submitted to GNG.
Today is my favorite nonholiday - Beware the #Ides of March
If you own #rental #property in/around #Baltimore, you're probably overpaying on your property #taxes. Know for sure: www.mdtaxappeals.com
I just saw 2 chicks making out in the train, unfortunately they were both ugly. I'm still gonna rub one out.
I think an HGTV series on sacred spaces that looks at rooms, walls, gardens that are sacred ard the world wld be fascinating
Home alone...nothing to do. What do I do?...Watch "Call of the Killer Whale" Be Jealous!
#quotes Good management consists in showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
Can you do us a favor and tag us in a status? We are trying to get more likes:). Thanks!
Happy National Candied Orange Peel Day. What do you like to use this garnish for?
Go music pirates!
Really hoping Roxy here gets better soon, she's been an awesome dog to grow up with and a big part of my childhood.
Getting really excited to see Bruce Cockburn tonight at the , Madison, w/special guest Jenny Scheinman!! Gonna be amazing!
RT : Have to say service and staff was beyond amazing today!!! If you have not been or come to San Diego, it's a MUST!!!
Daymean Stewart of Thomas More and Paul Miller of Kettle Moraine lead WI Shooters past TP Elite 16U.
Heard an amazing MLK convocation keynote last night from Thanks for the inspiration and the reminder to listen deeply.
I'm guessing that it's because I opened up my emotional channels with the Michael Ryce workshops.
Lets Go Patriots !!!
thank U 4 obeyin God & seein what God put n 4 us & helpin 2 pull it out! U BOTH R PHENOMENAL & PRICELESS 2 ME!
Still overloaded woof dog over on target.com,
RT : I'm just gonna go ahead and send some more money to the Obama campaign...
And now your, somebody I used to know ...
Success with my water bill! If you are a previous e-bill customer its best to call 619-515-3516
RT if you will marry me! (;
Beginning this weekend, look for Davalos Tequila inside all Lee's Discount Liquor locations!
same to you!
your one of the few who 'actually' read the event for IceBreakers - Look forward to seeing you there!!
Its all about pitching !!
Grateful to be joining in today's chat. Giving ourselves the space and room to be imaginative is crucial at any age.
awesome. We're planning to go to Australia. That's our dream spot!
hate those "it may take 10 days before you are removed" disclaimers. It's so they can send ten more emails.
I Wanna Be Like You - Jungle Book :D
you would write a song about tying your shoes... it's almost as good as the one you wrote about putting mail in the mailbox.
Best poker advice I ever heard/read after making a spewy 3-barrel bluff: "Your dick made this play, not your brain."
yeah whats up?
Get all your #ACE info here
Wtf jay said the same shit I did hahahaa young boy learnin..
AH totally forgot. tomorrow? i'll come on your lunch break to grab it.
Today --- Ravens/Patriots (43.5) #TakeTheOver --- The Pats will get their points & The Ravens will respond w/successful 3-headed run game
been good man just same ol, how's everything on your end?
Need someone to tag along? I wanna go.
Do you like it?
Moes Monday bitches!!!
If you have a business and are interested in promoting your product to 1,000's per day. Please email
"Tut, tut, looks like rain." Used that quote today. Lol!
#superartfight I want Santa Acid holiday cards.
SILENT RIVER FILM FESTIVAL SUBMISSION DEADLINE APPROACHING.
yeah I am.
never mind. I guess I'm not as dumb as a I look. I was ready sales volume not price. Thanks again. Good stuff.
It 's Time To Move Your Money Now! The big banks are in the doghouse again. Over the last couple of years, there has been constant discus
Conratulations to and her husband on their beautiful brand new baby girl! She's a cutie!!!
Listen for God, wait on Him - impatience can be our biggest downfall
rest and relaxation!
If you prepare a presentation, that is about 70% of the work - just make it into a publication.
ahahha aww! (: My god i wish :(
all veggie sushi!
Producer Steph is on vacation all week. Lord, help us.
Totally dude! “: A pizza place needs to make pizza just like in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Those slices looked legit.”
I don't just make beats. I know my sh*t...
Man this shit is real fucking sick..
Starting my job at the T-Shirt shop tomorrow!
#asknathan What do you like better the UK or USA? x
how u been?
it might as well be spring?
Diagnosis the key to effective treatment
Are there any guides to porting your ConnectedTV applications to Samsung and the BADA framework?
I would forget my glasses in my golfbag that didn't make it to Knoxville :(
ABC510, The latest on a body pulled from Lake Ahquabi, Iowa's 1st Christie's Great Estates Tour and Shawn Dancing @ the Well!
#thewonderofwonder finished reading Wonder. Loved it. Recommending to my staff and going to nominate for the 2014 Caudills.
Glad to hear you toured! How did it go?
Pizza hut break..
Time to bust out the best crew shirt.
I wish I had all the Boy Meets World seasons on DVD.
Though both types of schools may admit year-round the two situations are very different.
O and i need a new nike sweartshirt thats purdue i left my one at the mmovies.
Don't buy the hype, he's really a big ol' sweetheart and a damned fine director.
Good Day to you Sir! Have a great one.
DANCE REHEARSALS!
That wasn't me. Different Alice McIntyre.
Love you too
I just had an out of body experience laughing so hard at perry messing that up! Hilarious!
I am too difficult even for myself at times
Omg I'm German too! :-) And I'm Polish! :-) but also a little bit of French Dutch an Irish
EverybodY should follow she is a nice Girl... :)
im just not in a good mood today
If you have a surplus of elbow grease, we've got a work day on Saturday from 10-5 to help get the interior ready! There may even be snacks!
New post: DeLorme Street Atlas USA 2010 Plus [OLD VERSION]
I need to watch the hulk movies, thor, AND captain americas. D: I saw the avengers and asked myself why I haven't seen the others
Trying my best to pacify a drunkard.
check my tweet! yo!
Ideas are a dime a dozen. People who put them into action are priceless.
Pfffff... Rosa Mexicano has always been a killer for my liver in LA!!!
lol on facebook, some girl told me that i was gonna die, because im too skinny. bitch your too fat.
Man I love watching Hard Knocks on the NFL Network. 01 Ravens series on there now. Great to look back and see all the talent they had
Nope, but will def. Get myself a virtual seat! Thanks for the "heads up"!
I like Herron enough, but Ganaway the better pick if you have Greene
When I take my hands off, things happen. What does that say I should do more often? Thank you Jesus!!
is that you at ? i'm shy. hello!
Thanks for the mention Buy or Wait. The app makes it easy.
Congrats! Well done!
lmao I don't mean to neglect my fbook friends I just have a life..I hope you understand pat <3
Need to get some sleep for tomorrow
twitter > google search
please respond have alot of ideas
Crushing a social media for real estate webinar right now!
all i want is u #NOW :(
I think that an auditorium full of screaming strangers means you nailed your hip hop routines! Great job!
Single Gourmet is more than a dining out organization for singles. We also host wine tastings, singles travel, shows, sporting events & more
happy birthday (: love you ♥
Can we agree to ignore what comes after Blu-Ray? I don't want to have to restart my movie collection...again.
I'm not sending you a pick of me naked, you sick fuck
coming to NYC on Monday the 27th to deliver similar talk at Parsons. More details soonish…
“Reporter? It turned out that I was to be reporter,editor,legman,rewrite man and front man for reader complaints”(1911)
i just watcheddiary of a wimpy kid:Rodrick rules!
#Disney's helping out the little guy by automating accounts payable so they're vendors get paid faster
I love Ariana grande! And her hair:)!
in 7th grade computers with ms.timo :o
For you shoppers on the go... new Publix opening Thursday will have curbside service.
Dream that ended with me, as a Hollywood starlet in a white peignoir, being devoured by a piece of cake. Hmm.
time to bathe :).
The goal of marriage when people have explored their true Self is to help each other realize God through divine sexuality.
gotta get dressed start my day...
Morales: McDonough told me passage of performance management contract would "improve relationships" between speaker, gov.
My nephew is asleep in my arms right now. :) this moment is precious and I'll remember this for forever I think :)
"Let us hold tightly without wavering to the hope we affirm, for God can be trusted to keep His promise." -Romans 10:23 (NLT)
I needa drink or two..... Or floor.
Did anyone else get to see the beautiful pink/red sunrise this morning???
Thanks for your kind words! It's so gratifying when people see what we're aiming to be: an essential part of the community.
We're participating in a demo with at , stop by booth #2360 to see it! , , and more!
Can't wait for thanksgiving!!
Just bought tickets for Guitar Wolf in April. I hope they play for five hours at non stop blistering volume.
Since today's a rainy day, we're going to take about rainwear! What's your favorite piece to shield from the rain?
SHOUTOUT TO :D YEAH BUDDY!
#iLikePeopleWho dont make people feel left out. &when they secretly know they do it...
This girl has a boyfriend at 15 years old were is the parental guidance now a days
1987??? Do you even remember a title? Haters gon' hate!
Looking 4ward 2 the surveys! Send me info abt ur sts (age, level) &I'll come up w/ a similar sort of project 4 my sts.
Save Water, Drink Beer!
Wait a minute...Do NuvaRings expire?! -Casey
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there!!! 😊
You know your a redneck when: you don't put the plastic flamingos in your yard as a joke.
I often doublebook myself, & then offer incentives to make people accommodate my schedule
it was soo good! My only issue was I think Ricky and Max should switch roles.
how much 4 the mixtape host
Area 31 Happy Hour is almost ready for another packed house!
Just put Tyhir in the tub waiting for our food to come. I need to wash my hair ughh
I'm just relived to know (:
Awesome 'Firebird'! Ian Pascal Tortelier did a beautiful reading of it! Bravo!
THIS: RT : Happiness is a warm house and a sleeping cat on your lap. And THE INTERNET.
RT : #Sightseeing in #Philadelphia? Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell are open until 8:00 p.m.
I am a little sad I missed it. I'm sure was great! (But yes. NOLA beats everything.)
The kid with diabetes has a boring a Easter Basket. Hopefully he gets a bike or something. Happy Easter, Crew!
Good Morning;)))
Looks like we're putting out a new cocktail list in the next few weeks.
This week is vegetables, fruits, and water week - ONLY ! Renew, Purge, and Cleanse through prayer and fasting...
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 3
The site is finally up and running with a splash page. Soon girls will be able to launch profiles and everyone else will begin to vote!!!
Make A wish it's "11:11" . "I hope you come true". #StayClassy. <33333
Anyone know any lawyer associations looking for prizes for silent auctions?
Take me out on a date?
man i need to get it...
Going Green: change ur A/C filter every month, check ur attic, if ur attic is cool when A/C is on u may have duct leaks. Are ur coils clean
Jalepeno burgers, thunder and good friends!
#lyt Is it Friday yet?
When buying a camera, look for a line-in jack. You can't use a mic without line-in.
this reminds me of some graphic photos at the museum of death in hollywood
2 of the 4 made it to finals, then they made the National team. Congrats to our bantamweight Olie Burton. That's my boy!!!!!
Playing w/ tomorrow (Friday) night at Club Cafe in Pittsburgh. We're first at 7pm. Come hang!
Rams are hitting everything!
L.I, NJ, Brooklyn, They are still The same Nets, which means they still don't matter in NY.
#Lakers on a roll. my man #Kobe Bryant rolled all over the wack #Suns. LA ALL DAY!!
couldn't disagree more about march madness. The passion and intensity is 10 notches higher in college bball!!
Did you read; The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo? Tell me about it.
Mangia Fresca is looking for energetic Smiling faces for Counter help Days nights & Weekends Apply In Person no Phone call Please
If you have the best boyfriend why are you always complaining about him and crying all the time?
Ha, yes. Communal table-d for sure. Spent some money, ate some food, got some business cards (um) and went home happy.
Some faculty accuse committee organizing no-confidence vote of bias
People who have read Zombie Housewives of the Apocalypse are telling me it needs to be a movie or musical. I agree!
I love your smile.<3
On my way to the Copenhagen Tower's game... as the team doctor! Let's hope no one gets hurt.
I sometimes wonder why i even turn world news on, its always bad stuff.
I love nachos! I will have to catch you when you are near Broadripple or up north :)
Are you open? Some tweeted MKE closed because of high winds!?!
That poor bastard. Though he slept with Snooki, so he really deserves whatever he gets.
now he's 6th
The only reason i couldnt follow people was cause i followed over 2,000 ppl -,- . Unfollwed over 100 people holla (;
salutes Steve Jobs as he steps down from his Apple CEO post. Steve, thanks for making our lives better since we got our first Apple in '86.
Julio bashmore indeed...u got some tracks u can recommend for me? RT : sure you don't mean Julio Bashmore?
Dressing professionally for a library outreach today. Have "Nothing suits me like a suit" playing over and over again in my head.
Good luck Otto Porter and the Hoyas!!!!
Watched "Boondock Saints" with friends yesterday, had barbq, awesome Cinco de Mayo <3
just appealing to your strengths. YOU'RE WELCOME.
yoooooooo that made me cringe OD
Your desk is so neat....
So technically yes on all counts.
How soon is now?
If I Waznt Mike Reed Den Who Would I Be #TeamRudeNReckle$$
Whip fulls and Arabians tomorrow? I think so:)
like I said, im definitely
- Thanks for the mention!
Free reviews &amp; download for computer ebook: Pro Visual Studio ...
Drake Younger and Eddie Kingston vs. Jimmy Jacobs and Timber in a tag team rematch.
I mind as we go see my friend preach on Friday though. She gonna say her sister is dancing like thats supposed to capture me attention lol
I can't wait to hear his defense.
R U ready
NWST: #Mariners Fan Fest Tickets up for grabs tonight. Tune in for Trivia question at 9:30 on plus in depth w/ Olympian Sasha Cohen.
oh goodness! It must be one of those "specialties" like caviar. I just... Didn't even know it was edible! Haha
I Love Justin as much as he loves his family+beliebers+himself+music+food+scauter+usher+kenny+selena+friends+... and that's alot
I am at home, but I was just doing some work. Sad, isn't it? And that's good enough for donuts, I'm sure.
5 minute stop at work turned into 2 hours, arrrrggg!
Enjoyed delicious quinoa burrito from truck, Foster & Sheridan, sat outside to eat. Outside. January 31. Chicago.
Talent + Sweetness + Generosity + sexy = Lady Gaga.
I just want to be held...
I just asked God what he has been training me for? HIS response: "ALL THINGS"... I will not limit myself in 2012 "Cheers"..! ~StaceyC.quote!
Cut out all these exclamation points. An exclamation point is like laughing at your own joke.----F. Scott Fitzgerald
Ml. Nanotwi had arrogant students pick up others' shoes, while he himself would pick up the shoes of the humble ones.
Read for pleasure
twitter fucked up some relationships with that #mentionyourcrush shit.
Totally agree.
