I'll try to tweet regularly so you can experience vicariously!
Nussbaum's making some Spivak-esque moves in relation to Western criticisms of the burka as anti-woman, objectifying, misogynist.
I'm not creatayve enough to come up with anytayng but I hope we can still partay sometime.
yeah she was huge
Good Morning! Never settle for less than your best in everything you do. Have a great day today!
Get me a shake weight for xmas. haha
I listened to a man speaking loudly on his cell explaining to his wife that he lost his wedding ring. His next call? To his secretary- h ...
lol but they are.
Thanks to my twitterbuds for the #ff!!! appreciate it guys!!! :)
I could get more audience doing less modern music, or mixing more. I prefer the complex, unbelievably challenging music with my pro choir.
I think it would be safe to say... that is probably what I looked like this morning... Continued next tweet
It's been two years since I was Born This Way.
Wonder why a 16 has never beaten a 1? Just watch the UNC-A/Cuse game. The officials protect 1 seeds with abandon (and this from a UK fan)!
I hate to say it but its true.
Omg can we get this over already!!!
Happy Birthday ^__^
This June is East Valley Author's (EVA) 5th birthday!!!!! Join us June 4th 10AM at the Azusa Public Library to celebrate.
Looking forward to possible impact on RT ESPN & Big Ten Thurs to announce 2011 ESPN/ABC primetime FB schedule
tweet my fiancé for details. She's curious for her workplace that has #400employees. It's called StreetLinks.
think someone hacked this account
Thoughts and prayers go to George Karl(Penn Hills Alumni) & his family.As he begins to battle throat cancer.I wish him a healthy recovery.
Andy #Adams - you rock the digital casbah!! ;) JF
Um its 12 x I got ACT's tomorrow so im bout tah hit the hay GN :)
LISTENING TO WOMEN YOU LOV...MAN I LOVE THIS SONG.
Why is there no Whataburger at this airport?
I'm cute.
In other words, how we'll live "next" is visible in the airports of "now"? (But which ones? E.g., Stapleton?)
it was so good!!! :) Tyler even liked it! :)
The outer world is a mirror of who you are at any particular point in space-time.
From the MIX 94.7 family to yours, HAVE A WONDERFUL, JOYOUS HOLIDAY!
I am baffled and super sad for you!!
“: so excited for some stickers from ! #coolestthingever” thank you for the love!
"We gotta hide! Not there dummy!" -Garfield's Halloween. Best EVER
NOW IS THE TIME TO GET INTO FRISBEE GOLF EXCEPT DON'T FORGET IT'S CALLED DISC GOLF
thanks love!
Fun ra nights :)
Was off twitter for awhile cause of school....
MRNG PEOPLE, I HAD A DREAM, THAT 1 DAY, THERE WERE LITTLE CHILDREN & ADULTS, YELLING & CHANTING, "DJ TRINI B." OVA & OVA.....HAPPY M.L.K. :)
my number is 2604441434. Text me it's easier lol. And let me go check
Adjoa Burrowes' art is on display outside Tompkins Cty Public Library, Ithaca, NY.Read more, see more www.facebook.com/bookguilddc.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
Yeah I hear you i just dont know.. love you too
Does anyone have any recommendations on inexpensive hotels in Chicago? Will be driving up, but would like to use the metro while I'm there.
I like it! RT [we have a] new eLearning Committee, focusing on etextbooks, blended learning, online courses.
You get in the biggest fights with the people that you care about the most. Because there the people you never want to let go of
Will Try It! I'll try to ralley up some friends too! Happy Monday!
Thank You! :D
It was a little last minute but just bought my ticket to Startup Weekend Rochester! CC:
coming your way
Screw that "ily" crap. If you really love me, you can spell it out.
RT : Q3: What do you do with your old race bibs or race memorabilia? Any photos you can share?
Simmons acdmc fac voted to urge all to wear hootie on April 4 to remember trayvon!
To mark the beginning of the end of the #ANHKC events, join us for a Brown Bag Lunch Wed. on Artists, Architects & Sustainable Communities.
i broke my shoulder (:
I could not believe this. Wow, stunned to say the least. God Rest Whitney. You were an amazing voice in the world of music. MyLoveisyourLove
oh me too lisa! have fun! next time pack me in your bag
I'm one happy guy thanks to you..
Happy Friday Morning!!
We're slammed tonight
JULY 2ND LA SKINS FEST goes to PECHANGA INDIAN RESERVATION. showing the best of past festivals. www.laskinsfest.com for info.
MzDior need to stop drop n roll when dogs are after u.....
RT Too many people are afraid to saying "I don't know" during media interviews. So they babble. If you don't know, say so!
Yea man, sung his heart out at the end......
chiropractor just told me we are finally moving in a good direction:) my back is starting to feel a little better! Thanks for the prayers
will you attempt to do it like I do in practice?
that still exists?
All results have been posted....sorry for the delay....
Looks and sounds like thunderstorms here in los fresnos.....
Next show is the Pearl @ Commerce in Dallas - we start at 9:30. Good times!!
First meet of the season! #getpumpeedddd!
E.U. Stocks in Europe see sharp declines in early-morning trades; banks particularly hard-hit.
we came as Romans! :D
Twisting today for Petra's Birthday Party at TIco in Boston from 11 am- 12 noon
we had a discussion on how u eat them though.. Im used to eating w/ tortillas.. he eats them alone.. how do u eat urs?
Do unreliable people know they are unreliable? Do they not think unanswered questions, vague promises & late arrivals go unnoticed?
You I reckon you'd make a great exchange student. Friend Wow, you really think so? You Yes, we might be able to exchange u for someone nice.
On my way to Bowling Green. This Opry Mills traffic is crazy! Wow! I want to go and check it out but not that bad. I'll wait
3OT upcoming. I'm gonna have a beer & check my work email. Er, not in that order.
"As far as I'm concerned, progress stopped with frozen pizza"
Vogel should get coach of the year just for that!
today im going to sleep on a good note
Can't wait to congratulate all the nominees Town of Leesburg Economic Development Commission annual Biz Awards tonight!
Focusing on finishing the book project and offering webinars on college planning topics.
ZOOM Teeth Whitening Special!!! 2 for $400, FREE take home whitening trays!
- thanks for coming in tonight!
I come to work wearing a striped tank top & flipflops and Neon comes to work dressed like a mermaid.
Jason sees potential in glitch, but also... what about griefing? Glitch depends on architecture, griefing on people acting up.
Good Morning :)
where next?
I wish I knew. I am in my first year teaching, and have tried to read every book on pedagogy I can.
anyone know someone who works at coilplus on bleigh street??
Thanks for saying so! We hope you'll check out our magazine, too--we've got both print and digital editions. Happy writing!
I think his tractors sexy, it really turns me on.
Happy Birthday Lily Potter!
When someone hates on u be happy cause u know ur way more better than that person!be glad it's a gud feeling for a person wish they were u
U cant rush love.. love take time what yall call love is really(Lusting for one another)..
ikr I officially know all the lyrics
dnt hit me i dnt wanna smell too
RT : Listen to my mixtape in the streetz....Itz gonna be a TRAFFIC JAM..... voice lol
Just talked to on the phone :) she 'bout freaked out when i tolf her exiting news!
I gag every time I think of it. No clue how she got it on her calf in one, round dot. Better to not ask...
takes one to know one. Where are you? On tandem ?
we all want love
I can't watch these clucks b/c they make my bp rise so I read your tweets which are way more entertaining.
Hey we're doing an instore next week on the 16th. come check it out if you can.
calm down there Wiz
how do they come up with these arguments?
How quickly people can forget about those who helped them, until they need help again.
I'm loving all the changes! I'm hoping for a lot more! Trusting Epstein all the way!
RT will all this tweeting pay off someday,maybe a follow from you, you don't have to only if you want to. Love you Ryan <3.
tomorrow morning. Early.
Sprint trippin my calls keepin droppin so I'm just gone txt until they fix the problem
Wait but you're not funny
We offer our condolences to the family and friends as well. Such a tragedy.
he doesn't get to choose who he gets traded to. Broncos will use those picks for Peyton and add to the defense
Hope all is well my friend! How are things down in ATL?
is so sassy.
Is it okay to ask them to turn on playoff hockey during our marriage prep meeting tonight?
I will happily accept your invitation!
Check out Mr.Bill's own,Sean, & his band,Fowl, as they open for Styx, REO Speedwagon & Ted Nugent concert at Planet Hollywood on May 5th!!!
so why use him traditionally instead of to his strengths?!? (ok, rant is now over, thanks for listening!)
G.M.N.I.: Movie night? Don't mind if I do. Bout to spend a little quality time con mi cama.
Hey, when's the deadline on the found poetry contest--has it passed? And how do folks submit again? (missed it, sorry)
": Females always try to claim they're BAD How about claiming you educated OR employed cuz being "bad" don't mean shit!"
why would you do that?
RT : Watching the #CelebrationOfGospel~ yea I'm enjoying it myself
love it..,
A Get It Gone Estate Sale Role Model. Thanks for everything!
real people indeed!
Much needed return to Cardio Barre
Sometimes I want people to choke on those puppies and rainbows that they're spewing. Let get real people. Come on.
you have alot of pic too..an all day project...i LOVED THE EXPERIENCE AND THE COMPANY ;D
I really need my BFF but he @ work he always cheer me up
haha I agree with chelsea! :)
TONIGHT Higgins 310 at 7:30 pm: America the Beautiful. It will be a great movie & panel, & we are serving PIZZA and refreshments.
happy #mm everyone. any follow suggestions?
Preparing for collaboration meeting with a Pro Sports League
Got a flight out on Tuesday! Woot!
Watching Movies with one of the BESTIES enjoying her company while she is still here gunna miss her<3
Cooking channel has exciting recipes for quick and easy meals. COOK WITH US Paula Deen
Party tonight house this is not a joke this time, please text me or him before tho.
What's the exact topic? There are a lot of ways that discussion could go.
Police recently recovered Guy Fieri's stolen Lamborghini. Phew! That was the center piece of flair letting ppl know he works for TGiFridays
yeesiir! And and and and . Lol
Bikes get more miles per groceries than cars. - Cory
Fuck I need to put gas in my car too great now I'm really going to be broke ugh
Bars is the meanest..flow is the nicest..arrogant demeanor tryin hard to disguise it...
Thanks for the great feedback on the TFB koozies! Looks like we will be printing these for the season! Go Pats!
Dinner date with my favorite Flanery before she moves away from me!
The owl outside the RMC looks far less weird with the landscaping put in. Nice work,
This team talks to much and did not get the job done. Need to get to the big game to win it!
Post Sundance flu...
Wtffff.. Get outta my head already!!!!!
Thanks Boshra! I really like yours too. I wrote a reply re: your SSLE idea in Bb. Check it out.
My pleasure!
Join us tonight for Trivia Tuesday at 9 p.m. It's good for you...and you can win 1/2 off your tab.
Gotcha, Thanks!
At kenwood with matt and c
Will read (truthfully, not right away) & be persuadable. When I think of BRT here, am thinkng 1st of El Cajon Bl. First proj, right?
“: This Fri. Sat. Sun. Im Taking Over Boston!!!!… Catch me @ The Good Bar On Saturday Night alongside ” -KaBOOM
Happy Earth Day!
Patrick Wallace (PatWallace05) thanks for the follow.
Here's hoping Miguel Cotto beats Mayweather but highly highly unlikely.
#TheBachelorette Season Premiere!!
so happy together...papapa pa papapa
wifey will be at work. Thanks though.
Really wish sports center would get a new obsession other than Jim boeheim and Tim tebow, you're running it in the ground! #wherestheremote?
Trying to finish Mort while proctoring makeup exams with what little time I have for recreational reading. I need coffee.
I would like to take a moment and welcome my 2006 Toyota Matrix back in to action! Hahahahah So glad I have my car back!!!!! :-)
"Toot toot, hey, beep beep...Talkin' bout bad girls, yeah" #DonnaSummer was hot. Bless her for good memories.
tomorrow night were doing something!
iknow you told me that! haha. text me (:
Same, bro.
Suggestion for your x-over bunny if you like to write - National Novel Writing Month in November. NaNoWriMo.org Just write! :)
No doubt..front row center ;) RT : u better come to the games sis!!!
Free engagement photo? YES! Don't miss Weddings in the Ward on Feb 25
“: who would you like to see me colab with in tha future?!” rebecca black
Time to go home now, Fanny Pak. :)
Working on starting a blog and trying to think of a good title. Any suggestions?
lmao Im a learn how to use it soon or later
shhhh don't tell her lol
If you are shopping at my Target today & found a ceramic horse head you didn't want in your cart, it was me.
Growing my hair out
#nw The Graduate.
whats your favorite food? (lame question alert xD)
Too many people are acting too stupid for the country's good. You know there is going to be a big wake-up call one of these days.
There is already an account for God bless Twitter.
No cell phone for certain ppl today. So if I don't txt back or answer your calls, chances are I don't wanna tlk to you:). I love you❤
Watching Swingers on Can't believe I haven't seen this flick yet
oh that's a QUOTE! :D
saw you in ! Love it, nice job!!
I would expect nothing less.
it's on the sweetyhigh website
I love my wallpaper so much. She inspires me to workout. Haha might as well
i always wear my shirt to the gym hoping that someone will kindly offer me a refreshing glass of Crav vodka mid-workout
#phillies start next season with 4 aces in rotation. What #mlb team would love 2 have oswalt as a #1 starter and he's #4 for phils
Neighbors playing "Call Me Maybe," "Cheers to the Weekend," and "Wild Ones" on repeat. With work in the morning, I am not amused.
hey waddup bro?! :D
I have sucks a bad headache right now :(
Today AM = Celebration of Prayer @ Fountain; Ft McDowell Yavapai Sovereignty Day. PM = Town Council Meeting.
Real men don`t date the most beautiful girl in the world, they date the girl who makes their world the most beautiful.
lol same here. Have a good nap Kevin.
I deserve everything that come to me, I ain't taking any of it laying down though.
omg haven't been on this account in forever...
The only good thing about pink slime is that it sounds as disgusting as it is. Yay?
What I just learned: #TeenNick will be showing 90's show at night.
Unexpected brief trip to LA for my step-grandfather's funeral. Hoping I can see some friends before and after despite no time to plan.
On my way to corner gas station for late night snack and fuel for hours of grant writing to come tonight. Remind me I like my job...
I've only been awake for 30 mins and 's show already has me tearing up
What it is?
sikeeee .. I don't Rick toe rings breh
Good day at #SDLFF: "Io Don Giovanni" (now that's the way to enjoy opera!), "Libertador Morales", "Cosas Insignificantes", & "Birdwatchers".
Maybe Shannahan's? RT : The Post guys are right. Just got it confirmed. Manning paying a visit tonight. No, he won't be...
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY all of you #SanDiego mothers!
I just wakeboarded for the first time. Effin awesomeness
Frederick Douglass is roaming down my street. Go Dallas Street (formerly Strawberry Lane)
well did American ever find your bag? My bag was broken and my cohorts is still missing...lovely...
The Children's museum offers shadow puppet making today! Visit the museum from either 10am-1pm or 2pm-4:30pm for crafts in the theater....
I'm need something to do
My son's Marco Brent graduation from Melrose High School on May 15,2012 @ Memphis Convention Center,
Hydraulics fixed. Now trying to get out of Minneapolis. There's snow on the ground here. A reminder of what's coming. I am not amused.
Thanks to for a great event!
Time to call this a night
RT : Crazy week. NYC, LA, ATL, CHI, and now Vancouver, Canada.
Zev: so the choice is the reccomended option, going down to Culver city or no subway. Dr. Parker: yes.
Let me know if your interested in coming to surrender tomorrow! Only
Measure: inputs, efficiency,reaction,learning,application,impact,ROI, awards
Pittsburgh and Green Bay in the SuperBowl...I'm calling it now. Steelers will get ring number 7.
You have the whole deck!
what do you mean? It's always Andy that has to do a better job. Never the players.
Top of the Morning to you!
AWESOME! Soo exciting. See ya tomorrow!
I don't know why I still come around, I told you I wouldn't be here waiting. But look at me staying around cause that's what you want :\
do you really think that's the way to go? I just don't think they would truly grasp the concept
so today I'm 14 plz follow me u r my biggest inspiration and it would be the GREATEST birthday present ever plz <3
thanks for the title, enjoy the cards!
real talk. It sucks bro!
nice! Appreciate that! We try to sound like your sister Z...lol
Nothing sweeter than going to bed listening to him say how much he cares for me and he loves me because I'm his! :)
If you're doing any in store shopping this year don't forget to check-in to foursquare and yelp for possible discounts.
My Favorite Art Festival in Roc: Clothesline Festival - Sept 10-11 at Memorial Art Gallery 500 University Ave. Save the date!
I'm getting the limited edition alumni cardigan.... #I'mHappy
Are you sure your account didn't get compromised? You sound like a
TheOfficialTwerkGangg 'On YouTube Noww Go Rate And Comment &Rate ..
wait till I come home then u can tag my house
Hey, Dragon Tattoo no jaywalking.
thanks girl,so are youu =)
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 0
Better me than a 18-yr old. What's never mentioned is the climate of utter corruption at every level
~ nice! i'm spinning ( ) sigur ros at the moment
PLEASE FAVORITE THIS TWEET, I will cry tears of happiness (: C'mon boi. Please.
Happy birthday to my brother Kenneth RIP I love you
We are right here!! (: How have you been??!!
woohoo! Just wait until you see your April makeup story. It is beyond gorgeous!!
Or sixx flags.
Some body from UNA just got drafted in the 2nd round. That's what's up!
Sticking it up on a website emphatically does not equal accessible.
I think I've been working for Dell OEM too long..instead of typing "hard work" I instinctively type "hardware" ...ROTFLOL
uuummmm..I never got my follow back from u
One student in Rolling Stones shirt.
My own mother called me a spaz when I freaked out over hearing #boyfriend on the radio. Thanks, Mama. Love you too. ._.
I'm trying to decide between spending 9 dollars watching the Avengers or 9 dollars on seeing the O's double header.
I see you're 10 today! Happy Birthday!
I wonder how many tweets I'll have to Do to get to follow me..? :)
It's very true!
Lily from 7th floor just ROCKED the HOUSE at Thurston's Got Talent!
will definitely win a #grammys next year! She has all the qualifications, has made the impact and fans to make it happen
Renovating /building a house in the Wash/Balt. area? Check out www.alter-e.com. Baltimore's best source for sustainable building materials.
i dont think i am ever gonna get that pic am i? :'(
Solid show. Solid work.
Steve jobs passed away today... He has personally changed all of our lives...
just want to dance the night away!!!
Getting my car inspected. Very pleasant waiting room at the Valvoline at 290 and Monterey Oaks
Ditto all around. Very personal and great UVA ambassador.
Yes & no. If u get screened u get the shirt 4 cheap. If not u just have 2 pay a small fee 2 assure me that u dont have a STD
rammstein and combichrist at tacoma dome on may 15th!
Can there only be one form of media you consume that's written by women and about women? Isn't that why we're upset about #ASSME ?
u do an awesome job on NFL network!!! Fav Baltimore restaurant???
glad it helped!! Good stuff, yes?
Follow me please, it's my dream<3
Already being slowed down with rain at Newcastle Rd & S. Meridian. The wind is also becoming an issue.
Stories for Wednesday's workshop are now up on the website. Log in to download.
respected anymore I'm never going to get the girl I want this is screwed up world girls like Concetta come rarely-
Reconcile this: "Far more people aspire to be artist than the market can bear." How will you rise to the top? aha!
I use G+ about as much as I use Facebook, but use Twitter most. All three for slightly different purposes/sets of people.
What happens when your wife runs into a tree? Idk, but the real question is why is there a tree in the kitchen?
What's up with this #bipolarweather ? This mornin it was raining cats & dogs. Then out of nowhere the sun comes out & now were back to rain.
Shanna, I Love You!!!!
Great day for Tennis. On my way to the US Open.
Thanks for the tip...I'm launching on them Friday. Didn't know about not having to hit goal...super.
Remember, a man is not where he lives but where he loves
THERE PLAYING SAY SOMETHING AGAIN !!!!!!
are you a chick lit fan? if so, I highly recommend the fabulous
Just had a dream that made no sense. Damn I need to get back to work.
Pat Aguilar motion to put Charter Rvw Cmsn rec on ballot to allow district elections. Passes 3-2. Do you care about this? Turn out to vote!
im just happy it isnt a shutout
Disruptive Diner is a cross-disciplinary innovation salon. Tonite was about
As a NY-based startup...we say #NYK are going all the way. Needless to say, the Steve Jobs reality distortion field is in full-force.
prayers for you and your family. Your father is one of the greatest men to ever walk this earth. Keep fighting Joe!
If you're at a concert and the pedal steel player doesn't have a talk box, you're at the wrong concert.
I think when you find the right person you dont "need to get to know them" cause you know them ALREADY
And that is why I condone vigilantism.
I think we need to do that #irregardless of the 700 Club.
Ready to kick some butt on the course tomorrow
I wont tell you to go to hell..I'll tell you to go to Oz.Because u are in DESPERATE NEED of some courage,brains,& most definitely some HEART
Just ran into Daniel Craig outside Laduree. Quel chance!
whoa! Didnt know there was such a thing. Thanks for sharing
The network is starting to build!Make sure to join up and start interacting with other women just like you, going through similar situations
In tears laughing right now.
PM Paul says he can raise half a million. Jaws drop
MP gameplay, music, Master Chief.. Serious Nerdgasm.
mini-pies are a big hit. yay! Now pondering how to make (chocolate and key lime) pie, as opposed to (chocolate) and (key lime) pies.
Jeff you are always welcome for a visit.
apparently you can move large mountains when you're listening to this music. Same as running. Fast. Short. Ridiculous.
so pumped for #AubreyCrowne . so proud of you(:
cant wait for u to come visit :))))) mwah
I have such a crush on Jamie Oliver
#Nice. My block smells like vomit and tacos.
Heading to callbacks... I'll let you all know how they go...
i am awakee(: not at your house but awake lol :P
It's kinda fun crushn on someone but then not so fun. I need answers!
Last chance for Florida candidates to accuse each other of having carnal knowledge of beasts, bankers, Nancy Pelosi, and Obamacare.
Love Michael Ryan ! He is an absolute +K! :)
My telework day has lined up perfectly with the beginning of loud condo construction across the street. Yay.
certainly, how about tuesday? Looking forward to talking with you!
A wise man once said "The most important political office is that of the private citizen. " - Happy voting folks!
frozen Ted Williams
“: Another long day of jamming some new tunes out with the dudes. Shits getting crazy!”
Just found out is sold in my city! Wahoo! =D
haven't spoke to you in a while , Good Morning :)) <3
Inspired by for a brief moment...
Doing SOA right will be foundational to moving to Cloud
thanks! wasn't aware of that one.
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President on YouTube now. Going to be the hottest candidate in the race.
Darvish gets thru scoreless 2nd despite Wil Venable's 400-plus bomb off CF batters' eye. Lots of breaking stuff, made nice play on chopper.
Thinking of getting myself something pretty after this is all done.
just wanted to tell you that my profile pic is, like, my favoritest. That's real #oldschoolhomiegangstas4life :)
The Most Interesting Man in the World fills a void in our hearts.
thanks Dave! Something is different everyone I come back!
ok but amybe later but thanks !!!
Stay tuned to find out about the scrumptious menu that will be served at the Celebrando 2012
A 3-year-old, just crowned "Little Miss Cherub," waved an envelope holding her scholarship at her mom in the audience: "Mommy, I got mail!"
This snapbacks and tattoos song is so stupid.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JONGHYUNIEE♥
I'm excited to see all of them to, they are all so talented :)
Thanks for the follow, Twan. I set the #TV for the #Indians v. #RedSox. Up popped #NESN. So, that's that.
Writer's block. All day. I absolutely do not like that. Gonna' go to bed and try again tomorrow.
red pepper paste is so hot . it's likely to burn on my tongue
Any of you in #abq got a Comcast outage right now? (both tv and internet)
yes, dammit, i want to retweet that!
Sometimes hard to call the performances "playing music"...
Bingo! Have you been to any of the OKC Wal-Marts? :)
me neither. Maybe one? Though that's probably unlikely
Help: anyone remember the name of the Pakistani singer who did that comic music video protesting US Predator Drone attacks in Pakistan?
Not entirely.
Hey D! Hope all is well!!! Take care dahling!
it insults my southern roots to see people put boiled eggs and cabbage in chicken n dumplings.
well considering that topic is my least favorite, it took me awhile and I couldn't even finish it. Only got half credit.
happy birthday ! :D
what time does your train get in? i literally work 5 blocks away from union.
OHHPHEEEELIAAAA! , man Tuesday night is gonna be killer!
Should I even go???
RT : #karaoke at F*** yeah Wednesday nights.
Fri are still up in the air but we have stayed at Motel 6 before and they have cheap rates like $80 a night so we won't be
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: "OK I'm going to go say yes to the gang..." "Dispatch the gizpacho gestapo" "I love you...tube."
This is one of the most accurate "best of" lists of Austin I have ever seen. Thanks Shawn.
Check out Star Mentors New Seminar LIst and Website at www.starmentors.com
thanks for the #FF :)
(: how you been?
Mayor Gray, John Hope Bryant, , and at Financial Literacy Week in DC. Saving $$ for education, jobs and the future!
If you are a USA Musician get FREE SEO from www.USAMusician.net Free promotion for Musicians, Services, & Music Venues. For the love of it..
no more westest after today ...
Fox Maslow :p
#ItsCrazyHow fast time passes
lol , I Just Got Through Eating Some Cereal !
So, I couldn't sleep so I decided to write. Thank God for that epiphany. Now time to download my nucca jackin 4 beats, then a nap
mike swan
Oh, I'm sorry--I didn't mean that it arrived empty. There used to be a Windows Phone in there. Just recycling! Thx for the msg
had that 2009 start today with your 2012 finish loll
I miss oomf
So many grammar mistakes and misspellings spotted this morning...blog post writing itself in my head.
My thought process is so deep Shakespeare would be intimidated naw really I'm deadass serious
After being up for 30 hrs im tossing in the towl. Wedding rehearsal was a success
he must have good eye sight #JustSaying .
Sure it's a start! I'm thinking of moving back to Sac, if I do we'll have to hang out!
Just wondering if either of you is planning on going to senate house in the next few days by any chance?
For someone in a non-supervisory/non-managerial position, I spend a hell of a lot of time making agendas. I guess that's good?
I hope it's earlier
of course we saw it :) we love reading your tweets!
go to sleep Chris we have to smoke that handoff tmro in the 4x100
Doug & Arnold were them niggas
fair enough - perhaps bad title. Just trying to make the point that we need to do more early...but appreciate the feedback
I am sleepy....night night!
Computing Fundamentals class right now = WHAT THE FCKN FCK!?
it was a delight!
No man is free who is not master of himself.
Landlord tip: Schedule viewings with multiple prospects at the same time. Will increase the appearance of demand to your top prospects.
Have you been naughty or nice?
Moving forward requires three things: preparation, dedication, and revelation. To succeed, you must depend upon God for direction daily.
got it. Thanks.
glad you made it another week on celebrity apprentice... I was hoping Diana would go lol
Moms in the hospital. Hope she's okay.
I saw Hugh at an event at Babson. He is awesome. Social objects ftw. :)
RT Pumped...new teammates (with the Jets) and (with the Cowboys) as part of NFLN's coverage today..
Best Manhattan Ever. thank you Hannah and Derrick!
hello good sir.
alarming. Is that technically a wasted vote w/ Newt's campaign over? These 12K could've had a better "write in" candidate.
I might unfollow you and then follow again so I can be your 700th.
Safe to say I am addicted to Downton Abbey
Excited to see Childish Gambino tonight with some of the crew, past and present.
ty Richard! I appreciate the support!
Ghostland for free at moody. No joke. Here now
Check your email. ;)
Twitter can be dangerous in some Bengals' fans hands.
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 1
Unexpected #fridayreads: RULES OF INHERITANCE by which I just intended to glance at but gripped me by throat--now half done.
Hook'Em... Love seeing the Longhorns winning again!
thank you so much for everything at last night's #dfwama event!
Quench your thirst at McDonald’s where Any Size Soft Drink or Tea is just $1! Pair it with your fav sandwich!
I have a soft spot for predators. Birds, not so much. I could make some ecosystem balance argument, but really it's personal bias.
And it sudenly got REALLY REALLY quiet...
never heard of it lol
Where at?
Movie is looking great! Can't wait to edit the sound effects!
tho I made me some choices, if anyone responds "you have to make time," I'd love 2 see them squeeze the blood from this rock.
But of course there's always the UF novels I've not finished yet....
You'd think I'd learn my lesson by now, you'd think i'd somehow figure out that if you strike the match, you're bound to feel the flame.
U know that they aint even got it like that
My uncle BBQ'n
Ha, all too true! RT : Law of living: As soon as you're doing what you wanted to be doing, you want to be doing something else.
I find it odd and interesting that it's Justice Clarence Thomas' custom not to speak in the courtroom. Hasn't said a word in six years.
Punk ass Chauncy!
The red beans and rice is pretty amazing. Even better are the other $5 meals, such as chicken tenders, catfish filets, and liver and onions!
#IPOChicago was so much fun! Thanks, #RedLineTap and David Bash! See you May 3 at Linneman's Tap in
my pleasure. didn't see the episode yet but have it Tivo'd for tonight. look forward to it
This is probably one of the best weekends of my life
Well, I'm gonna stop sewing now and go to Slapshot show in DC.
hey u! :) thanks for the RT!
the #colts got Andrew luck !
I'm going to Nashville on Sat morning (or Fri night) for GameDay and watch the game down there.You wanna join?
Why isnt Shane Doan suspended??? A girl's menstrual cycle is more consistant than you
LOL I am so proud! He wants to be an engineer. Likes robots.
Family & Life Solutions is a team of therapist who believe in the power and dignity of counseling.
NO CLASS TODAY! HAVE A SATURDAY!
Onew is looking freaking HOT too! And Key and Minho and Jong FML!!!
it is totally vegan. You can get the Beretta sans artichoke dip and cheese, too.
Happy one year blogiversary Carolyn...
Hello everyone!
Yes, I just didn't know if catalogers had any experience as to if it this actually conformed to a common practice by the pubs.
Hi Laura. Very interesting looking book. I plan to pick it up. Thanks for the follow.
Coty has staying power in bid for Avon
stayed up til 5am watching video diaries by and doesn't feel that time wasn't wasted. <3 <3 <3 love them!
I'd love to drive the coast and find Brian Doyle's imaginary Mink River. Beautifully drawn characters and a talking crow too!
a great week for sure
RT : #Trayvon attorney Ben Crump: 'It is about justice justice and only justice,' credits Change petition
You're welcome!
I know :( I was hoping it was some sort of cruel April Fool's joke. I'm crossing my fingers her fate turns out like Bran & Rickon's.
Thank you for the mention, Vanessa! Come visit us soon! ☺
Today has been nothing short of amazing!
LOL! That's never a good thing!
Psalm 57:11 Be exalted, O God, above the heavens; let your glory be over all the earth.
Everyone send me updates on the rangers game, I am working. Please and thank you 👍
Suit shopping.
I have my windows opened in Chicago in February. This weather is insane! Not that I'm complaining: a year ago today was the big blizzard.
Just starting the 30 for 30 catching hell. Don't even know if I should continue watching. Cried when I was a kid after that loss
Tech support: I fixed my dad's printer and explained the ending of The Mirage.
Sounds great lady Im sending it right now
We had a lot of crazy fun this weekend! Hope you did too!
My heart goes out to Forrest. What do you do right after something like that happens? You're still my fav !
Mom: Meeting people online is dangerous!!!!!!! Me: but directioners aren't strangers.
Hungry and blissed out from yoga at the grocery store. This could be dangerous.
lol your like 35 minutes away from mau. And the crew and it's not cool ?(x
looks great!
You made it to Friday!
I'm there in spirit
I'll be there will you?
Began as a core group of UW reps, grew to the #uwsocial umbrella, representing all social activity on campus.
Thanks for the repost for
thanks. Day off work, sun is shining, and "cheap"but expensive beer will be cold... Good day!
Can't wait to sleep with bedroom "balcony" door open tonigt - ahh, rain....
I like you icon pic of nick, he's grown so handsomely over the years and so responsible!
have tix to #BonnieRaitt in June. Summer isn't complete w/o her.
Happy Happy Happy Birthday Matt! I hope your day is BEAUTIFUL!!! :)
Can I Hit It In The Morning
Why don't you like kids, cartoons, & highway workers?
its good to be back :) i missed you too much. we should celebrate it soon... if you know what i mean
oh, good because i do 2...but my friends dont :(
"Be nice to people on your way up because you meet them on your way down." Jimmy Durante
Damn Isaiah Austin is lanky. Reminds me of Kareem.
so upset I can't see you tonight even though I live literally around the corner from Book Revue :'(
These fight scenes are not answering my questions
#BoogieNightz is going to be a documented semi-autobiography on my past and present. STAY TUNED:
My shit is copywritten go a head and still, I make money off yo asses hahahaha!! My lawyer going to be happy, to take all your money!! Lol
We're hanging out getting ready for Fashion Fridays! Got the music going!
Random fact #4 Lives in San Antonio, Tx
Napa AT&T technicians asked to leave work for wearing union stickers - Napa Valley Register
UPDATE on the pizza: not enough salt. Still good.
heeeeellllllllllll no it's going to bee Soo much fun
Should be Google+ RT : "It's not public. I am only telling people on Twitter."
U wanna come?
is he gonna follow me? #kindaconfusedhopeitworks!
Never give up, not because you still have tomorrow to try, but because you may not have tomorrow to try.
Wow G, they have only lost 5 this year. Was that a personal dig?
Yo I'll be back in France in 2 weeks. We should work.
“: DON'T TOUCH MY HAIR!!! #youregreat” hahaha need to do it again soon!
COME ON FLEURY!!!!!!!! I'll still be madly in love with you no matter what, but this is ridiculous!
i love your chubby face.
thanks for that, now fixed :)
Thinking about how to connect 3 types of "person"--physical person, legal person, and digital person--in global society and economy
U Wisconsin - *Milwaukee* :-)
Eye of the tiger 😜
Cinnamon defeats #Sugar...and no this tweet isn't in anyway related to the two woman on COPS tonight.
pause Ethan Hunt
where to??
": I have chills all over from Alicia Keys performance. So emotional! Send her home Alicia.... She's an angel"
The Thunder!!!!
THATS MY FB BTW SO STALK AWAY IF YOU WANT
Bout to hit da gym up in a min getting ready to beast up in that hoe
The true vocation of man is to find his way for himself -Hermann Hesse
Just found out a short essay about pissing myself on a plane is going to be published. I'm rewarding myself by reading Connie Brockway.
RT : #teamdrivn follow and stay tuned for a BIG YEAR
#GirlsLoveWhen A Man Puts "HER" Before "HIMSELF" With Every Decision He Makes.....-Breeze DTA-
World beware, the lovely is back on Twitter! X)
Can I get an amen from the congregation? If I couldn't laugh at myself I'd probably be dead. True. Fax.
Christmas Eve Services Tonight!!!........Children's Candlelight Service at 7:00 PM... Candlelight Communion at 11:00 PM... Everyone invited!
Letting my hair down loll
Somethings you cant forget-- even if you want to
New route is better. I cover the pretty part of University and bustling part of St. Paul. Will miss riding the Ave, though.
Sitting in the park reading a book :)
Royale has the O Brother soundtrack on shuffle with a bunch of other stuff. Just waiting for Ralph Stanley's "O Death." Can wait all day.
Oh I see, you lied to me this whole time, then JUST decided to tell me.
And the history books forgot about us, and the Bible didn't mention us....
looking good!
I can't wait till your offically shooting hoops in brooklyn..<3
“Never be afraid to try something new. Remember amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic."
Love the new pictures! I have a couple new favorites in them. :) They mad e my day a whole lot better, Hon!
Katie and Paul serving up drinks all night tonight for the Thursday match up! Come stop by!
S is a trooper for bring me to my hair appointment!
Thanks new followers! SE
Wow santa Merry! More of 100+ access today in my personal blog! I love this! But, what is the problem of fridays?
Church!! Praise God!!!! RT : I may not be where I need to be but I thank God I am not where I used to be!
Breaking: scientists discover roots behind thing everyone assumed was already obvious, giving insight into implicit assumptions.
I hear ya...favorite coffee and breakfast back in PA.
It's a lot easier to love and laugh at life when things are going your way. do you feel the same when things are down?
Craig Owens is a hot topic today, DRUGS or CHIODOS???
Hewe they already finished an episode of married with children! Time to go to bed
thanks! Indeed!
I always forget where my boy lives on this street. Everytime
how about I keep your blog from erring out? What's up? Can't read your two latest awesome posts.
Keynote just getting started at #nycmer2012 Looking forward to connecting w/ all these other NYC museum educators!
Thank you Mahiki! You've taken my body over with something called a hangover...it hurts!
Progressives and Tea Party working together for a better WORLD? See it tonight, HERE in Colorado!
And is Ricky Fowler's girlfriend real life?
The Only Way is Essex is my guilty pleasure show for sure.
If A-Rod gets lifetime ban from Selig and it's because Affleck & Damon outed him, are they automatically granted lifetime passes to Fenway?
My eyes are misplaced anchors to the words I write.
fo the - like old school #UUNET !$! Nice work Peter!
just gave a shout out to the creative class of town
Raise your glass if you are wrong in all the right places, bitches!!
Sweet! Excited to get started using this for cataloging the urban landscape, eager to share. Congrats again on the #whereconf win.
I did lose all my music though. That's the only thing I'm tight about
Christ, Duncan.
Go follow my James imagine Creating an imagine for the four guys combined. My sister is going to co own and I'm owning.
Hot girls we have problems too. 💁
precious precious!! : )
Hahahaha. Such a man
The Sam Riggs Band has opened for many great Texas legends including Pat Green! SamRiggsBand.com
Why can't people go home so I can go home..
RT : Great testimony and wonderful worship from #DBUAlum !
#AGirlDeserves to have a guy that will love and respect her. That will stick with her when times get rough & to let her know shes beautiful
Paul's Boutique
Crushing the American economy does not crush
we won one too! And a penguin! Bout to eat at
Wireless info for today is on slips of paper by the registration desk. Username: amazon | Password: P6FW3HY
When all else fails, my friendships here don't.
/// To every mother out there.....I appreciate every single one of you. Happy Mothers Day
Today Was Fun And Exciting (: Can't Wait For Tomorrow ;D
You know what's awesome? When you dry your hair after a shower only to end up in a pool of sweat.
Honestly right now go f yourself
and humble
I liked that one a lot but there was a lot of magic happening for a realistic book, IMO.
it's so strange to look at a app that uses SQL Server now. It's like a high school reunion.
yeah hahahaa lmao I hope no sumo wrestler is readin this
Consultants are available to provide in-the-moment, online consultations to help you achieve the life balance you seek.
Signing out! Good night, this is Rio from Portland and I'm an lead instructional designer.
maybe it's a wine kind of night? Or a liquor night? :)
Never did think women were athletic. This sure isn't helping. #Virginia #JohnsHopkins lacrosse.
have fun in Vegas Kate!
RT : You're most genuine when not rehearsed.RT : Considerng makng more impromptu videos
Past is experience, present is experiment, future is expectation
how's your post season?
This afternoon, a four year old asked where the kid seats are in our car.
Come on! I just need 10 more followers
Yea it's my fault why we argue every fuckin day
Concentrate on one thing, the most important thing, and stay with it until it is complete. Brian Tracy
ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it? P.s I love you. From amber :)
my middle finger is bleeding 😖
HE TOLD ME I LOOKED BEAUTIFUL. HE NEEDS TO MAKE UP HIS MIND.
Dear boys who are Smart, Hot, Awesome and madly in love with me.. PLEASE START EXISTING.
Even 2nd rate #Elgar is sublime
good sacrifice Jobi
Thanks to all the tweeters following PC!!! You guys are great!
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone!! Who's enjoying some good mexican grub today??
yep. Saw at least one for sure, and I saw someone else's pic from rehearsal. Pretty sweet!
and portland's is the worst :(
den go head
My iTunes just played Bill Hicks and back to back reminding me of how unfunny I am.
About the only thing he's doing wrong is failing to square up the pitches he normally squares up, IMO. Not worried.
LinkedIn recommends events on the basis of the events your network is attending. A substantial marketing implications for event planners.
Agreed. I'm waiting for a tablet (with decent OS) that has great ebook/ecomic/ezine support before dropping a dime on that tech.
Upset everything just getting to me
Did u ever get the chance to meet Whitney Houston? & what's ur favorite Whitney song?
Haha! Like its Lady Antebellum's anniversary, seriously all of them.
Moved into new temporary location at Mission and 9th now. At least it's cheaper. It'c cleaner. Quieter...
love you too:) ❤
": Honney the Hippo!!!!" Nah... Ur body is like a car...just needs a tune every now and then that's all;)
Throw it down big man throw it down... (bill Walton voice)...
The right call is to stop with this nonsense that Bin Laden was killed last year & ask yourself where is the DIALYSIS MACHINE !
Oh, I like that! I have some deadlines looming as well...
My fish got adopted by Billy today #SadGirl :(
Thanks for the response :)
one day it will help me push amazing new software to your computer without issue!
#nytc on leadership: "The greatest leaders I know are obsessed with process."
It'd make my life if followed us! <3
I have a real date with a real man with a real job and is hot
Fighting with vegetarians is a lot like Sisyphus punishment. It's impossible to get through to them
1) a choral experience of some sort 2) exposure to classical music. God knows, they hear all other types everything they go!!!!
I guess I am not usually on twitter when Mad Men is on, cause this is annoying.
Thanks for your support buddy!
RT : Ready for my 5th #LiNC. We've come a long way, baby!
Thank you for the follow,
We would like to thank everyone who has supported us over the course of this first year. We appreciate it and our team works hard to deliver
#Progress. RT : Thank you joining us this morning!
in history of sexuality it almost seems like his discussion on power relations bn intentional & non-subjective as contradictory
If u don't got ascap or bmi ur not a real rapper..... Shoutout to the internet tho
we are going to have the best summer. #boat<3
Heart of the King "A Tribute to Elvis is now on
heard tbs new album?
sadly I'm awake... The joys of having a cat that constantly want attention.
Thanks everyone who helped with NEHS initiation! It went so well, and I'm so glad. Congratulations, new officers :) you'll make me proud!
Put ur money where ya mouth is!
AlbuqRetailBuys thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
RT : awkward moment when your toothpaste does a suicide dive off your toothbrush '___'
Thanks Neue for following us back. Keep putting out some great content!
GOD'S WORD® Translation (©1995) An angry person doesn't do what God approves of.
Can Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Hutcherson go out already.
I thought you were crazy for going to the game in the rain. Now I wish I had been there!
Thank you for such a magical time!!! RT : What a weekend!! Safe travels back home to all our wonderful attendees!
back to Rochester, NY!
Exercise more! Both of us have been too :)
There is nothing nobler or more admirable than when two people who see eye to eye keep house as man and wife, confounding their
Alright, turkeys. Enough of this distraction of #bourbonmilkshakes and #sexysmilelines. Time to make some
RT : CNBC -its common for knowledgeable traders to come on and tell you they are shorting when in fact they are long the stock
60% angel 30% naughty 10%bad girl now which girl do u want to play with ?
#RandomThoughts im broke.
Looking forward to tomorrow night's awards banquet. Hoping our wonderful caregiver Susan wins CareGiver of the year on the National Level!
Movie night
Well ig I'm goin too the movie's she aint nowere too be found
Can't spell Connecticut without N-I-T
yes at 6:30. Jan's house. See you there?
Whoa MT According to interview on Hull House staff found out they had no health insurance 10 days after it was gone!
I salute the MIXTAPE.. hard work paying off for ya can't wait till I get my studio flow..
always room for you :-)
Get in line, sister RT I'm in love with Anderson Cooper.
Congrats to on the birth of his daughter Annika Rose!
I love u too yelling into my shoe (insider)
somebody get me 3 more followers? I'm almost to 1400 :D
How much is the President allowed to spend (using tax payer money) on personal vacations?
RT : my buddy is pissed because I picked belcher to win lol. Hahahha! You're good at picking winners.
Another great day to go tubing! Youtubing! What great finds will you make today?
Fun night at #campsambica w/ #eoseattle peeps. They took the dine-around to a new level.
hey :) how are you and the lovely lady doing?
My next band will be called Firefox Beachball. I'm recruiting for drums.
I already considered you the mayor to begin with! lol
I don't trust anyone who says they haven't seen it!
Heard Aaron Sorkin speak after a screening of Social Network. Brilliant writer! To write about a character, he had to first relate to him.
Correct answer. Haha.
#ThankYouGreyson for inspiring me to play the Piano!!!!!!!!!
Hmm... I agree, actually: that is more probable than the reverse, but even more likely that they co-evolved.
good job
#ILoveItWhen i love it when guys compliment my eyes <3
About to meet our wonderful client from Cal Bank & Trust in person. Thanks for your help, too.
Amplifying broken or just ugly jewelry into beautiful new pieces!
somethin 'bout boots and boys <3
Another great day of strength and conditioning. The guys are really pushing each other to get better.
Headed into the & Kindergarten countdown. Fun opportunity and program for kids and their parents.
So disgusting it's catchy!
Happy Birthday! I hope there is cake somewhere in this day for you. :)
Tonight's Foreign Film (7:30pm) - THE BICYCLE THIEF (Italy 1948)
i almost bought about 10 of them today... but stuck with just the salad. maybe one or 2 tomorrow. :)
I want cheesecake
Watching Batman just makes me wish I was rich
Vegas weekend starts tomorrow!!! Encore!
back from lunch! hope your farmer's market trip was a success! -lisa
Radiohead up next!
Super excited to present today: “Using Social Media Marketing to Connect with Customers and Increase Sales” at 9:30...
woke up to run, but the storm prevented me from getting out. Now no time to run today since I have meetings until 9PM. Tomorrow!
Why won't John Chambers step down?
I know you don't lol
"never underestimate a good man-on-the-street" perspective -
Time to wake ya ass up and get this money
you're correct, actually!
asking his panelists to tell some "dirty little secrets" Don't you wish you were here to hear them at #lavacon?
good morning !!`
Kennedy may have been laying groundwork for carved out exception to existing precedent. Commerce Clause always manipulated...
So glad my backyard is coming together. Just a bit more gravel and its complete, oh wait need a new grill now. :)
* Ability to read and write test plans and test cases
We're always confused, but we make up for it by being entertaining.
I live in overcrowded Portland Oregon, and I'm 35 with no barista skillz. I'd say its gonna be an uphill battle.
it's 4/20 which of you will be on the POT today!
we do our best.
I want to see all the spectacles spill their guts right on the streets.
#cantstopwontstop #survivor with my hero #jeffprobst who ya got?
Hi all. Writer/blogger/teacher.
If i give you a compliment accept it, don't deny it.
Id love to move it to weds/thurs RT : are we still aiming for the DMV tomorrow?
Attempting to learn Bollywood dancing. Not easy at all.
Closing candidates statements support educational excellence for San Diego public schools
Tha reason why I wanna go to Orlando/Miami is because there's so many fine people there!
LOVE MY TEAM <3
#imthatpersonwho will always be there for you in any situation even if we don't talk anymore :):
I just watched Jay-Z & Kanye West "Niggas in Paris" music video. The video was crazy!!!!!!!
"Barney, hold on, where are you going?" "The beach. It's winter. Laser tag. Home. Shut up! YOU'RE going somewhere!"
In barely doing my homework
Also you have some really nice work, thanks for the follow
Gone head boy. I know you scared boy
no we are not. But it would be nice.
Is your company leveraging social networks to find smart candidates for job openings? We do social recruiting! Tweet us
Come and try our famous Crab and Artichoke Dip!! Yum
Checkout our exclusive interview with Willie Panama, the original Badboy of Salsa, at Youtube/Enlaescena
you're welcome! Hope you like it(: idk, the ring seemed like something you'd wear
How did you get to know Greg Reed ? He is a great guy . I have known him for many years .
Finishing up the last day of the state legislative session. Long day; Repubs crazier than usual.
i am a good kid yay!.
Frukla Kid 3 is also a girl. Which is all fine and good until she and her sisters learn to cooperate. Then I'm done for.
What text?..
Have you had enough fun today?
#nottrue RT : I did my #taxes all on my. own
Did you carve my name into its tail? At least my initials? EWM. You can use the same sword motion to write all three letters.
how tho lol I don't. know where. u live at
Snow makes theater better! Come see BOOJUM tonight! tinyurl.com/boojumchi
I may be lame now, but I can grow out of that. You'll always be nothing more than a fake bitch.
Killed another vacuum again. #husky hair
Yes, it is! RT : Great news: Score is locked for !
I am thankful for on this day! You inspire me to chase my dreams! Much love to you & your family! Peace out sista' friend!!
yes!!!!! Ok, where are we meeting tomorrow at 3:15? Ps, come for the hydrating facial after all of your travels;)
Just finally got done with school. I've had no time to play on the computer~>Finals
Retweeted AND posted on FB. Wanna help others and in turn maybe help myself. Thank you!
I have a colleague that thinks he did not go far enough....
Anybody know any "real live human being" contacts inside JVC Pro Video? Their VM is an "infinite loop of frustration."
Thanks for the shout-out!
The King's Stretch
What an incredible homecoming service for Whitney Houston today. Kevin Costner is a real class act.
It even hurts just to lay down
“: Fap to her facebook pics & tell her about it. Bitches love when you fap to their pics.”
This is perfect weather for curling up on the couch with a good GRE book.
and to make matters worse it isn't noon yet
Some kids shuldnt be allowed to talk in class
Swag, Swag, Swag On You :)
Also, thought it was super great that the Giants fans did a chant to welcome Ishikawa. Polar opposite of Dodger fans.
#ParkerVegas. Have you stopped by booth #1609 to check our our shirts?
haha. Perhaps. How's the grad degree coming along?
thanks gents!
I hope you rest :) good night o good day love you
No u aren't RT: so was I, and I still am :p ha it's otay :]
we got a nationwide tournament going down in Boston starting tomorrow...
Racing, eh?! What kind o' racing?
be republican
yea!! So glad your home.... alive! ;) Did you get that picture I asked for?
I bet it was!! Chicken legs doin the can can & carryin on... :-D
LMAO! Real Talk, Cause I'm Gonna Do The Same Thang, HaHa... ;D
You should feel butterflies in your stomach not a baby kicking .
heard you were dancing to instagram :)
Definitely happy to be a part of the project #iforgive for the International Forgiveness Inst.
|!-+!! FREE PARKING...$2 DRINKS ALL NITE... 18&UP PARTY..... SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
It would be an awesome Christmmas if I woke up tomorrow & found you under my tree! :-)
I WANTT , I WANT I WANT to follow me ! NO LIEE♥
Wow, when #Glee admits that they treat Jenna/Tina like CRAP.
The padaass is king of all things. The pada-ass and the acklesface. They are the gods of my idolatry.
went from networking with librarians to networking with farmers & goat cheese makers at reading terminal market.
The party is in full swing. Come hang with us.
Blast from the past shook me up pretty good. Happy I have a solid in my life to get a hug & walk me home. Single ladies yer raise standards!
A Wired Waffle will give you the energy and motivation you need!
I should be your 2000th follow...ya know since we're both awesome and from Tennessee....;)
Enjoying a day off from rehearsals after having completed week 1! So many great things happening already. Gearing up for week 2!
S/o to my new followers
my Aunty Donna is the best! and i have the 14k gold hoops to prove it! teehee ;)
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!
What! It's September 1st! Where has the year gone?
no it's a tv show. Ok.
Weiner has officially resigned...what should he have differently public relations-wise?
THX for the shout out! We appreciate!
New business: New business entities formed in Wisconsin through April increased by 11.9% compared to the first four months of 2011,says DFI
ALSO, that's a daily avg for walking, ya jerk.
Watching TV...
Learning some lessons from a persuasive gentleman about life & business
I took a listen bro and the flow is legit, the substance is legit, just work on the delivery. I can tell you been working!
That pretty much exactly what I was planning on doing. Cold steeping in a French press. Although it will only be about a wk
is it just me or are the least productive people always the ones exclaiming "it's Friday!"
it's my 1st time being on twitter today... -__-
just arrived at school... Lol
MAn I loved shooting Diane Schuur!
Follow me, I'll follow back : )
I got a 10
No, not anymore. I don't really know where she is these days.
how my grandma gone tell me to order pizza, but she ain't got money?! what if I wouldn't have had moneyy?? #SMH!
Don't want this moment to ever end- where everything is nothing without you.
The king has spoken! Rt : Nice trade for Bengals.”
I have had a lump in my throat for days now, and today I feel extremely weak and tired. My glands maybe swelling up. Please let's skip this!
Morning, SoulLovers! It's a fishnets kind of day!
Ha! I've been asking Ray LaMontagne the same thing these days. He said only via pandora, which is good enough for me!
most definitely!
Rick ross magic remix >
lol it was fun lol :D
#AGirlThat says #1DHaveTheBestFansOnThePlanet is not lying (:
same as dog feet.
sounds like the life right about now
I wouldn't be lying if I told you I'm jammin to UNI right now... Gotta be ahead of the game lol
I'm nothing special really. I'm just a kid who tried too hard. And lost his heart in someone else's bed or car. I don't remember anymore
Thank you for following We are so honored! How are you?
#OMGitsFriday then tomorrow is Xmas Eve and then Sunday Merry Christmas One and All!! Santa Claus is coming to town.
This is true. May-June are always the best months. September-October too.
Just created my team so that I won't feel left out w/ - can't have another repeat!
flight leaves richmond at 1230 won't be there til 6pm cali time. I'll see u tomorrow!
Stop into for happy hour wearing sunglasses and get a FREE sampling of their keylime pie.
Cannot be bothered at all tomorrow and well really at all!
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-18
You were amazing on the Tony's!!! Way to get it done live!!!! :)
I hate when u have a appointment somewhere and u get there on time but yet they have u waiting an extra 30mins
Was tryna find out why I'm #tipsy af. come to find out the red juice I mixed with the orange juice had liquor in it.
that's good. They were my first (& only) ultra events I did. Trying coastal this weekend. PCTR is so expensive in comparison.
great idea!
Still painting?
I'm not guna be like every other kid all "Clingy" drooling over you and shit either you want me or not..
Good morning happy people! Make today great!
Time to man-handle my addiction to caffeine.
RT : Sugar & spice & everything nice! 1st 50 people to whisper “sugar & spice” @ each Sprinkles receive a #free cinnamon sugar
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) -- Website for Levon Helm, drummer and singer for The Band, says he has died after cancer fight.
THINK TWICE BEFORE YOU TOUCH MY GIRL COME AROUND ILL LET YOU FEEL THE BURN!
I don't have enough spam, so I have to get it on twitter & text now?? Seriously?
thanks dude!
I know! I'll send you photos of the ones I try on so you can help me choose. :)
Clearing my mind with an hour run
done with this year of school
Did anyone else not get a leap day present?
God works in us and through us
MyBiz changed the look...www.mybizxchange.com check it out!
I hope everyones Christmas was wonderful<3
You're a Hater
The high school team needs to stop hitting the outfield wall. I'm not supposed to hear this yet. 43 days...
That's what I'm going for lol. Good luck!
Thankful for sweet Valentine's wishes & flowers - especially with all my bellyaching!
ha! I'll take that bet. The #2 team in the country always gets a one seed. Go #Cuse !!!
sure thing. When's best?
Awesome, sounds like fun! Ever thought of opening a location here in Florida?
bet u had a good night.. Not me!
I just asked a 8 year old kid who his favorite rapper was, he said
Great start to vocals on my new jam today!!!!! I want this cd done so f*%^ing bad!!!!!
i hate rude ass parents nuff said .
If you don't know respect you will never no love.....
Best wishes today,
SCAQ Workout tonight at 6:30pm Perfect weather in Santa Monica. Energize your day with a swim. The Swim Center. .
For all the NY people, we got 3 shows coming up! 2/03 Sounds Asylum, 2/10 Bc's Pub, 2/17 Broadway Bar.
You can give back to charity with the pungle.me app this holiday season!
hmm yeah! I'll have to see if I can persuade my grandma cause my moms working in Texarkana ! Soo I hope!
hope you follow:) plz
WOW. #NFL comes down HARD on Sean Peyton and the #Saints. Reactions! You've got em, we want em. Tweet it out.
Can't wait for ; but the rightsholders want to hang on to nostalgia like a childs blanket. I guess will do for now.
your assistant needs a raise!
I dont either! RT : am I the only one that doesnt care that tomorrow is opening day?
i fucking miss you so much..i can't wait till your back! so i can hug you for an extended amount of time
To make a run, you have to get a "stop and a score" - practice making runs and only give 1 point if a team gets both - play to 3
you don't know my life
yeah more reasons to come to LA! And you better say hi to me! Lol
Heading to Aspen for the Food & Wine Classic. Three days of pure indulgence. :-)
how about tan?
Looking forward to detoxing after eating some goodies over the weekend. Man how my body loves her fruits, veggies and normally healthy eats!
will smith son dat just made the movie karate kid
Skippin' school is always the best💜
In case you're wondering, the #ForeignAffairs budget in 's plan hasn't been released yet. We'll update you tomorrow.
Pierre is gushing like a school girl flirting with the school jocks.
Ok, it's time for the offense to step it up! And Eli is going to have to lead it!
Lots of librarians at the airport. But, c'mon... Take the badges off.
Good morning!! #CeNation (-:
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay "Your too quiet." haha no! you just gotta get to know me
What's up with these passionate hugs Roger Goodell is giving everybody? Take it easy bro!
Was psyched that Volstad pitched yesterday so I could see Garza today. Now I get Travis Wood and his 5+ A ERA. Is the wind blowing out?
A woman in Superior, WI held an "Ex-Husband Sale." Only in my hometown would this be considered "normal." haha
What's good...bless RT : S/o to new follower.
Rose Garden crowd chanting "GER-ALD - WALL-ACE" as they exit the arena. Best fans in the NBA.
1st prize: Brazilian Blowout 2nd prize: 1 hour Swedish massage 3rd prize: Classic Manicure
it doesn't have to be a man...just someone dramatic...interested?
Mavs know damn well Jason kidd can't shoot....why they giving him the ball
Then imma throw this money while you do it with no hands
put in jodie meeks. get him the ball for the free throws.
Im in need of a serious massage!!!!
I hate faggots that's why I have you take care of them
all good :) just wanted you to know I miss you!
Settling into fish & chips at Biergarten on N. Western.
Perception is imaginary, when one does not possess the facts!
I love her! Cmon Kelly :(
email me at and I'll connect you to some leading anti-bullying activists
hey youngster, u don't have time for a twitter party. U need to pick the best songs for u & we will like. #nextsuperstar!
According to a recent study by Johns Hopkins University, by 2015, nearly 24% of US children/adolescents will be overweight or obese.
its my passion
i'm going to DM you a link to a song. it's too good to post publicly. i'll do that in a few days. you might like. it's different.
And by tomorrow I mean Thursday. Whoops.
Check out our friends
From all of us at Eilan, Happy Thanksgiving!
: If you make the sage butter brussel sprouts, let me know what you think!
#100 I hate ugly girls that think there dope in Vegas!!! Get a job bitch nobody wanna look at that face
Let's start something! Do some random act of kindness to help somebody! Pay it forward and share with the Cure Pals Community.
This storm should help wash a lot of the puke off #mifflin street, and wake up drunks that passed out in the bushes.
I like my kool aid red and my air max blue
I'm Playing around with the creation of your world. You can play too. "Reality" doesn't have to be the way (we think) it is.
so true !!
"Where is the most exotic place EOTO played?" If you know you can win a pair of tickets to the March 18th EOTO concert at the El Rey...
And you as well Brian! :)
Awesome news regarding your mom, def puts things in perspective!
Oh snap !
Congrats!!! Continue to shine and inspire!!!!
where in the world are you?
we miss you back. sometimes. :)
All you gotta do is put a drink in my hand!
Got a lot on my mind and super tired, so heading to bed. Goodnight.
the people at continue to be the most supportive and genuine folks around. imma gonna miss them.
Good to see both and teams on the courts getting better this morning!
Now...i am ready to party.
One of my eyes is blue and one is dark in my profile!
I would NEVER correct you :) And if you tell people I am a thoughtful sweet guy I'll never work again :D Just kidding - thank u!
i'm wearing my one direction shirt to sleep tonight ;)
im just like what can you not like about them they are amazing <333 whos your fav?
aww I felt special
I need to learn to my get emotionally attached so easily.
Mike Huckabee's a birther but is the "moderate alternative" to Rush Limbaugh
Told my son, let's go do something.We're at the comic book store.Shoot me now
#Follow me on instagram >>>>
did you make it through???
chilln and smoke
Watching Jack Ass, And Omg The Midget Just Did The Funniest Shit! He Too Little To Be Doing Those Dangerous Stunts.
Always begin with believing
bowling right up my alley lol what time & where ?
Gotta elevate. Hawks get stoned in the mouth of the goal.
Just wrapped up the first staff meeting of 2012. It's going to be a productive and very busy year
email us at ! Thanks!!
About to have a writing session with
I'm salivating right now thinking about the yummy German food tonight.
Ha - Saw that earlier. Hoping they make a stop in Chicago this year. Man U came last year, but I'd already seen them lose to SKC.
“We can control our lives by controling our perceptions.”
Titus Maccius Plautus~ What is yours is mine and all mine is yours.
Haven't been on twitter for a while, I'm suprised everything is still here (:
#MotleyCrue & #Poison are in the house tonight... come on down. Tickets still available.Starts at 7, Poison goes on at 8 & the Crue @ 9:30
Very excited to be part of the lineup for Ultimate Software's day-long #HR workshop in #Milwaukee. Hope you can join me!...
my dad came in at four am and woke eeveryone up <-Kelsey xoxo>
forever and ever through any situation ! <3 Pauly D & Vinny type ish.(:
I have no idea how to RT anything at anybody. Why is this not intuitive to me? Mary, see Melville House post about Abe!
What a great weekend! Thanks to everyone who made it in for the various events. Looking forward to a super week. Stop in a say Hi!
that was adorable. Followed = )
7 years, and still missing you. But your are in a much better place. We love and miss you, Grandaddy, Rev. Rogers L. Pruitt
funny lady.
Time for Toney Douglas to shine doe
come to our house or text me me!
Could today be any more beautiful? Especially grateful to live in #Albuquerque on days like today.
haha i know right? I just wanna get an upper west side apartment in NYC and fill it up with all their shit
that game shows how important Vidic and Ferdinand are for ManUtd. Rough week for us.
Love their work but what's different than the 3 previous editions/forms this story has aired over the last 10 months?
first class?!
ryan and cate
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards
My roommates just voted to install cable, now I get to flip through 600 channels to determine that nothing is on instead of just 20.
Also, we won't have food at tonight's meetup, so plan accordingly. We will be grabbing drinks afterward, of course!
It makes me think that you consider driving large trucks containing mostly air is a smart idea whereas I think you are not remotely green.
. rocked the so hard they blew out the speakers.
Just returned home from a lovely tea event at Rengstorff House (tea exhibit) and Lakeside Cafe (afternoon tea buffet) in Mtn View, CA!
Enjoying Dancing with the Stars... gotta love the competition.
Lax bro.
Sure. I may not use it though. I get ADD with online stuff and jump from one place to the next. lol. Love link btw
So NOW, #Buck wishes he might have intentionally walked #JoshHamilton. 4 homers later.
I'd go YouTube one, but hubs and I are settling in for last night's Mad Men
All my people that are back for the summer...we gone start it off right....
I follow too many bars/liquor companies. It's far too tempting to get a tweet about a refreshing summer cocktail at 1052am
um I need to talk to u!!!! Lol phone date soon
Morning Freaks!! Depressing morning around here... the hubs left for work again :(
I'm having serious withdrawals from my Eastside family right now.
Spring Break!
I'm starting to doubt if this Kony is even a real person & not someone the government just made up
Listining to talk at the charlotte chamber about social media branding. Very interesting.
drink bottles of outside somewhere. If in Madrid, a brewpub called Naturbier + a bar, La Casa de La Cerveza.
cant wait to see it on Android
My parents dont give me presesnts for easter because they say that's not important & it's not what Easter's about...guess thats true haha
I bought 1 of ur necklaces last week &I love it! i have never taken if off ever since I first got it cuz u say its good luck:)
RT : Watch #acquia twitter stream @ 11AM ET to vote for Launch Pad Final Four + donate to a good cause!
omg yes. he's gonna die cute too<3
I'm going to sleep so sad 2night
you mean freedom soup!
Watching coach carter :)
Eating with my love and my mom:)
That's right someone just checked out Geoffrey hard core!
Good or bad one?? RT : Some people are like a drug.
No problem sir. And thank you!
