The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach. We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
Taking over sooner than later
Is it bad that I can genuinely see her ending up like Lindsay Lohan or something?
I'm laying down
Of course, that means it's time to figure out how I did the architecture of the feature last year, and recreate it.
We will be uploading video online to youtube & vimeo to share. RT #ia2011 can we get a copy of that we are ready video?
OMG! I can always count on you to write back and be a ass hole :)
Very excited about doing 2 shows tonight!!!! I do so love a matinee!!! Bring it on!!!!!
hit that horn baby, let's dance
yeah, still grandpa-ing!
Getting close to the finish line. Today's agenda: Sound, Credits, Poster, Advertisement.
Kicking it old school in #downtownlv . Let's party!
Ah there we go! Mocking tweeting. There's the reason for the Antiquarian descriptor
We can't make an artist page, so not useful RT : RT : Are any classical music/arts admin folks on Ping? What do you think?
Damn I can't go back to work. They're playing Push It
Nvm bout to jus playing DBZ I fall out
This Bitch Just Put Me On Hold .
A third grader bought me a mountain of candy. Trying not to burn through it all. I'm going to be SO fat. LOL.
I'm so in love with both of you.
watching Moneyball right now. Loving it. Solid effort on your part. Must have been a blast!
Of course.
when was the covesville accident?
I would like to apologize for my sky is falling, they're done for attitude every single time the Caps lose a playoff game.
ttp://glutenfreeville.com/featured/gluten-free-halloween-candy-party-snacks
We are pretty sure that each and everyone of you should Get CURRIED Away today!!! See ya soon!!!
Happy Birthday Gaga :)
Going to check out Sketchy Black Dog tonight -- good times!
Woah! #Emory is so posh, they have parking attendants at automated garages. He just pushed buttons for me so I didn't have to stretch.
shout out to my new follower (:
If you're complaining about gas in Jersey don't come to Florida. It just hit $4.10 #
A little bonding with the co workers
This is pretty neat! Jumpin in the splash!(:
the world can become peaceful through the act of love, sharing, and an egoless mind. hope all of you enjoy my sound posts :)
I understand if u hate meh:( just get over it tho hater!!!
Procurement Specialist - Construction | Canada jobs | Hays ...
already have.
Triple H, 50 Cent & Justin Bieber... If this man loses you know why.
Won't be long before he actually is!
Have new members be at the greeting table to introduce them to other Rotarians.
Working on new heat! Stay tuned!
Why am I shirtless for this Funky Bunch shoot??? The world ain't ready!!
Chillin my dude check my new interview on bangintables!
It's responsible for more web traffic than Facebook, pretty unbelievable right?
Today i've heard backstreet boys, n'sync, &christina aguilara. Now all we need is britney spears &i've heard my entire childhood in 1 day.
The things I miss out on by not having a man around the house. Sigh.
Giveaway time! First person in the Valley area to message us gets a free 420 Yummy!!! (Must have Dr. Recommendation and California ID)
I know you were. I had to let you know I was down.
So. Many. Chances...
asdfghjkl it's beyond perfect
tommy is gay for hacking my Twitter and Facebook lol.
It's sad that we are fighting over money when people around the world live in war torn nations, starvation and fear.
Missing 4 straight birdie opportunities from within 14 feet will do that. Game isn't there.
Always my pleasure! Hope you're doing well!
RT if u don't think .coms will conduct proactive attacks for .govs, u haven't paid attention to armed conflict since...ever
Bosh is out indefinitely with a little abdominal strain?
That's good -- thanks! I'm not actually using WP on my index page, though. Does that make any difference?
Happy Hour all day! $2 Rainier-$3.25 wells-$6 doubles $7 Chi Chi or Strawberry Margarita
hope yall get this win tonight!
“: sounds like a fantastic topic - best of luck!”
Gorgeous night in Chitown. It better stay this way.
Was going to run Percy today, but it's raining.
Plz post pic. I'd love to see him as a BIG kid.
Photo bombing everyone tonight.
lubb you too(:
HA! Nice. Ours is "Sit On My Facebook" “: One of my all-time favorites: "Trivia Newton-John."”
Listening to a co-worker bitch and moan about the Pens but, just last week he was saying they got this in 5.
Is #Eminem ever NOT pissed off? We're still waiting for his children's album.
You don't need anyone's permission to from an #Occupy group and begin protesting honorably and effectively. Trust you gut.
If this is true .. #EndOfTheWorldConfessions .. I'm just mad i didnt get to live my full life. :(
Lmao is this bad? this stripper was trying so hard to be sexy I just laughed in her face. She got pissed off and she almost cried.
would u like to be an honorary member of the ZDU (zombie defense unit)? We could use some more #zombie asskickers like u!
Finally desperate housewives is getting better :3
Went to the #AppleStore to buy an Apple TV. Selected, bought, & paid for in 3 minutes flat... On a Saturday
I'm really sleepy . Don't wanna go to Spanish.
Top10 reasons hiring Larry Brown might pay dividends..1--cant get on a motorcycle 2--if hes on a mcycle, a 26 y/o blonde cant get him off...
You'll never know the things that bother me most .
Woman suggests that Paterno be reinstated to allow to retire as of end of football season as he wanted. Rousing applause
Thanks for the mention. Tons of support out there makes it tough to stop!
Agreed! : Congrats and on 40 Under 40! I love what you guys are doing for
is #F5expo being live streamed?
This day in 1956, Elvis Presley, made his first National Television appearance on the Dorsey brother's "Stage Show". 1st of 6 appearances.
Housewively duties abound.
After a break up yu might think I dnt care but I'm torn up on da inside,, but I will always keep my composure
thank u for the follow
Looks like everyone had a stellar time at Prom. Seeing all these pretty dresses and happy faces on FB brings a smile to my face. awh :)
Watching an entirely random movie...Adventures in Babysitting??!?
"Customed designed by God"
wasnt doin anything in class so after he took roll i DIPPED!....oh how i love college
7.. so wanna go to the mall before?!?!?
this shit dead
PUCCIAS!!!!we are here and ready to delight you with our amazing Puccias .PUCCIAAASS!!!!
can't make kickball practice today. Leia has a soccer game at 430.
Beautiful summer solstice! Going to try to soak in all the summer's potential.
We can call you a cab home if you like. :)
yep it is!
Thanks a ton! So many issues in there that we're working on solving. Props to for his quotes & advice to us early on
My law school crush is graduating this semester. Whatever will I do without his handsome face here next year?
...simply based on the way you act & present yourself would make you more of a person someone would want to keep around
Oh Anthony,You really aught not make such appearances in my dreams (lingering tingles) Can't wait to see u boys 5/25!
Surprise!Im back!
Turning tricks.
I will take one!
WTF?!!!! people are gonna suffer!!!
“: Time to make the Doughnuts!!” (any way to get Phil Simms off InsideNFL? he is killing me.)
I used to sing Mr.Tingles to sleep everynight. He was a good pussy.
We have one or two Limos available for this weekend in Pittsburgh. Don't get caught being the only one of your family with a DUI on Easter.
Yeah Dropbox is getting a workout tonight and all of these tunes are sounding crazy!! Can't wait to share it with the world!
Dear Into Your Arms, thanks for making me cry on the train. I need to find my way back to the start. Love sarah. :(
grabbing a quick meal at the apt.. you dropping back by here before dinner?
We have heard that the food is better now at the Rusty Pelican since the renovation. Great view of the city from there. ;-}
Contact They are MASTERS of social networking and can help you big time.
Yay for tech #recycling! RT Congrats to Milwaukee being Best in Reconnect 2011 cc:
Yea, that's if he sees my tweets! ;)
#ff and Both beautiful leading ladies who have huge influence and inspire/heal others
Are you guys going to wear sunglasses or anything to protect your eyes on Saturday?
Dijon vu - the same mustard as before.
Good Morning! Sorry I wasn't 2 happy on here yesterday lovlies. Everyone has those days..anywho I'm bk! I'm Blessed! N I'm highly favored!
i wish i was the girl u want to bed thinkin about every night instead im the girl sitin on my ipod tryin to get u too relize me
It has gotten a lot better in recent years - the micro usb port is more and more becoming the standard, aside from iPxxxx devs
! Is it the one You wanted ?! (SendingBigLove.)
Come join us for a discussion of Ohioan Susan Orlean's "Rin Tin Tin", the amazing story of a dog who was adopted in World War I Europe...
#HulkSmash indeed! #TheAvengers was amazing thanks to the genius that is Joss Whedon!!!
THANKS for following!!
Congrats to and at #Nautica South Beach #Triathlon!
haha, just watching Austin videos. (: YOu?
I'm getting a shirt made for St Pattys day...what should it say? Remember ill be in NY/NJ
Bianca this is Tony Wilkins I am working with Andre P of Island/Def Jam they are very interested in you for a major project.
We forget sometimes that there are saints living among us.
Just saw a motorcycle gang drive by wearing skull masks. Halloween is great.
Dolphins CB Sean Smith caught an interception today, then made a note to himself to put more butter on his fingers before the season starts
The student teacher in bio is weird...
Now the printer can keep up with your customer's online business! great seeing you all at the NBM show!
that explains the next day ; )
Being forgotten about :( <<<
thank you! #loveyoubff !!!
lol. Make up your mind Mr.
…Dudes. I love you. You're half of my favourite people. Drink. Go to the gym. Have sex. Whatever. Let's just act like respectful adults.
nvrmnd. you are on a mac. LOL
Texas Judge William Adams actions are appalling. just watched the video. The mother's actions are as appalling as his.She gets out-for what
where is Gene Simmons restaurant?!
that awkward moment when you can't think of anything awkward to tweet :)
I feel like I should move to Miami more than So Cal ... Decisions decisions decisions!
With Art Murmer and shows at the Fox and Paramount, downtown Oakland was packed. Nice to see a vibrant nightlife taking off over here.
If GA follows thru with executing #Troy Davis dispite grave doubts abt his guilt, there must be an investigation as to WHY!
I think it's hilarious watching you call for babies to be killed. Shows your true values.
Finishing practice for #IPODETROIT. 4/13. Our new name is Elks and Owls!
can't wait to see tiger baseball in Lexvegas SEC!
Just April 19 in Charlottesville. But might be in Boston in April as well!!
I'm directing a reading tonight of Kim Hanna's Driving To The Moon ,7pm followed by a talkback. PayWhatYouCan!
S/o to thank u guys for the support n love
what news?!?
...& I don't like that it leaves those who can't afford to pay perpetually bumped down the list for those who can.
Getting my hair done, won't BE done until like 8..30 xx.
seriously we need to get GPS on those guys
Krieder tried to go 5 hole....again.
Absolutely. Turning your back on a community that supported you will be remembered… and not soon forgotten.
shit tryna readjust to day free world
Obama, get your groove back!
STOP PEEPING my tweets after to day Yung wnt give u any more feedback!
I am a wolf and i'm on tha prowl(;
2/16/1791->A Hamilton:An act to incorporate the Subscribers to the Bank of the U.S. is before me..The constitutionality of it is objected to
Great people to follow as we talk about assessment
wasn't sure if u had it yet! :) RT : have bookbags, art supply, & back-to-school specials -110 halsey st
I love spending time with my handsome husband in this beautiful weather!
Playing video games, getting into drawing again, trying to get my book published, bunch of unsuccessful stuff. lol
OSU can't play Thomas w/ 4 fouls, cos he fouls every time he gets ball. Can't risk refs callin it close.
Mom's favorite color is Ashland Slate! She's a
God Bless Mommas everywhere. You have one of the most important jobs in the world. Cheers to you today.
See ya later summer! Hello fall :T
Instagram just isn't the same without
Need to sleep now. Need to finish the office to bedroom conversion tomorrow so my mom has a nice place to stay when she moves in this w/e :)
Hi!!! Same thing here! Working late again but very excited! Great projects coming our way! Keep in touch! Happy Holidays!
Darn you Game of Thrones why you gotta stop like that.
how u been???
It's sad that I had to post pics of myself in a bikini just to prove that noone is depressed over any lost relationship or " gaining weight"
Wikipedia: the musical: 6-day work sprint hosted bringing together wikipedia editors and curators to update and create articles
Celebrity Talent Promotion- checkoutjj on AP
#Shabbatshalom to all and wishing everyone a happy and peaceful year ahead as we get ready for our seders
I love you (:
Help needed for Badger fb game today. Go to United WI office at 1605 Monroe St starting as early as 10.
Happy 18th b-day Justin!! So proud of all u have done:)
Well. I'm the first idiot to get locked out of their room... Yep. So smart.
So hidden that you know us inside out. Thank you for the conversation. We appreciate your interaction.
Yeah, John Groce of Ohio
Me and are going to move to Washington D.C. and get a job at Nando's.
lol we are in seattle..its like 65 :D
if I was still at the ear I would for sure try to help but im not so I can't...sorry tho
Plus, I was COMPSCI, Math, with a fondness for English and Writing :)
I need it more
Theres are guy sitting in lower right hand corner in first row who looks like chris jericho
Sounds like things are going well. Even the Chancellor tweeted about it. ;D
as a secular milleniast i find the energysaver bulbs to be the most pussified, ugly of all options
Anyone gonna be at CES?
The BS is everywhere
Who wants Google + Invites?
My prayers are with you!
: Ready to rock the new hashtag:
The boys dressing room is on the sixth floor. The stage is on one. I smell a missed entrance at #PipeDream :)
#COOL i know how you feel.
I'm applying to be a volunteer in the VA library system for the summer.
I got a bike yesterday! I'm so excited to ride after my sunburn goes away. All in all a cool Earth Day, but I wish she protected me better!
can not believe we are communicating on twitter, who would have thought 30 years ago!Enjoy weekend. Speak soon! Love. X
-- If you need saves, though, then so be it.
No internet at work is a major bummer.
well that, or you're a lightweight...but thanks to the Mile High City, the twitterverse will never know the difference.
you got me addicted to that song! Haha bounce out pockets on loud!!!!
OH! Not to mention he was the cop who helped get her husband convicted.... smdh
Mine too. His artwork is awesome.
Audition done! Dont think I did as well as I had hoped but its in God's hands. if i make it i make it. If not...? Phil. 4:13 Jeremiah 29:11
I Love You Foo(:<
lmaoooo we get it from you;)
hahahah ya he's pretty good. Throws funky and hard
Bed time is my favorite time.
This Fox broadcast seems to love Eli Manning. #nfl sack
very true
I think I have an online shopping addiction lol
you gonna be out again tonight?
key off that result_type field :) honestly though, if you see a weird order, let me know.
Surprised Ben is up on the podium right now. Thought he'd be out causing trouble or something. He did get his second chance didn't he?
I live in Lexington...sounds like we need to have a tweetup :-)
i love u sis
That's a different Ian Carey...
yoooo dropping heat off he beat you sent me! Album going to be crazy!! What's else you cooking up?
I get to see tonight at !! SOS is opening for and
We're excited to see what's next for you! I'm interested in hearing what's next :)
gonna go spend a little time with my man... love u matt!
Hiking up Stone Mountain this morning then lunch with
Headed to #allhat ... Best event of SXSW
The dinosaur is there at the end of every game, making all kinds of inappropriate gestures.
lol..some moron tweeted that.
#SignsAPersonCantCook hella tv dinners in the freezer
haha who's after him. Soon they're all gonna be tweeting each other :') haha
I'm pretty sure I just ate the most delicious salad ever from Whole Foods.
"Even if it dont work out, I'd still be happy i was yours for a little while."<3(:
awww ((: thank you Heather !!! Love youui
congrats on the new LEED certified bldg in Anaheim! Yay for great blgs in Anaheim!
The great question... which I have not been able to answer... is, "What... does a woman want?"-Freud
3 days til I see you all!
Anything my children eat is merely a delivery system for ketchup or ranch dressing.
I don't go to YouTube to read.
Do Mormons have sex before they're married? Because I don't want a filthy presidential nomination, Mitt.
Have a safe and Happy new year year!!!! Visit us @ www.policemountainbiketraining.com
Have a happy new year curly wurlyyy and your fam and the rest of one direction ;')
I'd never make you cry!
Good morning tweeps!
OHH ok cool cool!!! pretty pumped yah we do---We have soo much too talk about--cant wait for u to come back to Dallas
S/o to I made it for the 1$ slices!
Trying to make this weekend's wedding manicure last...
I entered another poetry contest today. 16 poems out in the universe currently looking for acceptance. I'm done submitting for a while.
I find pleasure in holding doors for people who are slightly too far away, just so I can see that awkward run they do.
Can You Help Me Get Mre Friends .
I made horny today, now I'm off to LA
"I had a boner so hard it shot it out, went back in and came out my butt." on the
bebe dropped? Mazal tov. Wanna hear about nasty terror incompetence etc, or want to stay in the cocoon? Let me know! :)
James White and Montee Ball did not participate in today's scrimmage.
and that's a fact :D lol
LOL #FarmersOnly.com For Country Folks only (meet the Farmer of your dreams) City folk just wouldn't understand.
Nails are done. Goodnight! ✌ #workflow in the A.M
I'm sick!
Missing 's Truffle Mac 'n Cheese Bites. Heaven that "fell off the food truck". Is the food truck still around?
lol i love you and your technologically impaired self. (; ♥♥
If you could change one thing about your industry, what would it be? Turn it into a media angle.
We don't make rock bands answer that question, you know?
share on facebook!!
You want me to be there for you!!! You don't come! You want me to be your friend!! You don't make up your mind!!!!
actually no, I have an older brother
Membership has its privileges! $55 Individual & 250 Corporate Memberships. Signup online or at one of our events.
Thanks for the
Dam I'ma miss my girl as she gets stationed in Japan for 24 months :(.
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking network with other actors. And find a mentor in the business. Follow back
#AtABlackChurch you feel like your at a Flocka concert as hype as it be in there :-)
Wow...up 21 and then damn near had a heart attack.
#SuccessQuote you said it !
great win tonight!
ATTENTION: if you have limwire, you cannot use it anymore beacuse they got in trouble for illegal music downloads ..
Good morning all!
how tall r u?
What is your favorite place in the world
“The best and most beautiful things in life cannot be seen, not touched, but are felt in the heart.” - Helen Keller
Damn the Thunder are running train on LA...
Warp Tour ♥
i know i went to bag n save at walmart then hyvee!! A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
Calm down.
hahaha get it! I'm in town hit me up!
Anybody notice the Obama huge picture at the Auburn LSU game
the way those boxes all fit in that truck bed appeals to my ocd.
Legislators also enacted a sweeping law forcing all Floridians to go through managed-care organizations to get care financed by Medicaid
Valiant effort. Almost pulled it off!
Can't wait to tell you all about it :D
Girls who show their tits in their avis have 828473928372 followers... Girls who just show their pretty smile have like 200 followers
it's bonkers...just over the top
I officially have the coolest cuzzin ever. Follow RIGHT NOW.
We'll be listening to the Children's Hour from Sacramento today! 89.9 community radio
I have never seen anything like this!
hahaha...they are in the Grove!
okay, it's going to be such an awesome day!!!!!!!!
i feel you. just hit my phone if youre trying to link up.you maybe trying to go to a sports bar tonight for the lakers game?
Rev Al Sharpton, good point!
When I was little I used to melt fruit snacks in the microwave so I could have one giant fruit snack than eat it...
Welcome back and congrats on the new gig!
My 4 year old niece found glowing bath water loads fun. :)
“: Wonder if STill down for tht atl trip” I'm just waiting on you!!!
I'm still on a high from my show.
Fantastic Women In Film event last night at the Cultural Center! Congrats to and Grace McPhillips
gun my pole
thanks for posting this! I didn't realized they were starting back today. I will definitely bike down.
Thank you! What's your address?
Welcome in--thanks so much for visiting this morning (and thanks again for the recommendation, ).
Just pointing out I've loved that stuff since I was twelve. Others jump on bandwagon. Not you, course,
Listening to at the Targusinfo interactive insights summit....Enchantment :)
I'm in a bad mood because I heard that song this morning....... -_-
Indeed, as if my time isn't already being sucked by Twitter, Facebook, , and oh, yeah my family ;)
#Avengers movie is well done and fun throughout. Finally someone gets the Hulk right. Thanks, Josh # Wedon!
why dont you ever get on twitter that much anymore
LA gig cancelled due to injury, but we'll see you soon LA.
Happy Monday, ya'll.
wow that's a good one ... one of the best uve done :p
Working on it ...hope it work out
You can get Website Redesign for $499.
Never be scarde to slap a bitch in the face
Wife won $2 on #MegaMillions and is rubbing it my face. Jokes on her, after taxes, it's only like $1.35
Please follow my newly-minted, official Young Republican Policy Committee Twitter account,
how did it feel to be up on stage doing your thing?
To answer ur ?, they made the expensive, pointless Ipad to test average consumer stupidity. So far, the statistic is: pretty stupid.
counsel suggests that starting an advisory committee now might enable city to get new districts in place by Nov 2013
My #5wordspeech is written. Now time to pick out the proper outfit. What does one wear to a digital soirée?
Pretty Much :D Duhh if Nick Tweeted me youh know i'll go Banana's Duh i have #MaraFever :DD :)ILYShawty<3
Oh wow, that's awesome! Sept 3 I'll be at the Fenton St Market in SS if you're still around.
Major issues w/ the School's #Comcast internet service. #CustomerService is of no help. Hopefully can help resolve our issue.
You Fell Off BAD !
Have you guys seen American Reunion yet // do you want to?!
Home! But, I somehow managed to ruin two (2!!) shirts this trip by putting a pen in my pocket without a cap. Pocket protector in my future.
Rise and grind. How is everyone feeling today?
Hey Wisconsin: remember to vote today! It is our right and privilege bought at a very high price!!
will do brutha...
If I were Hindu, I would wish to be reincarnated as a bear, so that I may hibernate every winter.
that I did. That I did.
Nice to meet you as well. I look forward to keeping in touch!
I still have like 5 hours... Lol
I prefer gnome shell to unit but got tired of hunting down plugins for basic stuff.
How do all of you like "One of a Kind" !? We wanna gear YOUR thoughts on it! honorsocietymusic.com FREE DOWNLOAD
fayettevill STATE UNIVERSITY ..... IS !
"and that toll manifested itself in an unfortunate incident yesterday"
Starting my countdown to #OBX : 73 days.
gotta go back to wack ass school tommorrow
can i atleast shower
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference. -Tom Brokaw
Holy cow! I'm at the gym, but feel like I'm at the mall during the holidays. Been sitting in the parking lot, waiting for a parking spot.
I remember when you niggas wasn't even rocking beards ...
No way! Just giving you a hard time. Not yet, my bb isn't totally config'ed
'Bout to watch a PRican and Mexican in a rooster fight to the death at #BlueBanana in DC. ARRIBA!!!
not a long time, but since august or september ;) wbu?
Voxer With Ha C:
&&' my only dream is for Prince Royce to sing me a song on my 15! in Person ! xD it would be a total dream come true :/ ♥♥' ♥'
Date night! Table at dickson in 20.
Halloween Part II -Saturday night at the Playhouse. Last week 200+ swingers rocked the Haunted Club. Part II is booking fast.
A la escuela :D
Not even worth it ... I'm going to do the stuff they don't do (;
All this talk makes me want a new iPad and reminds me how dumb motions comics are.
Well once your finished with yoga on Sunday, you should be nice and limber for some Hip Hop lessons soon afterwards :)
not as big shit as you bubba
Oh you hate that bitch? Why don't you tweet more about it!
AND ITS SNOWING N RAINING!!!
yep,defense is still the key here-Iggy gonna need to maintain PP and NEEDS to hit threes and........free throws
Read a person's bio an it mentions the heat or the lakers… debate if it's worth it… usually follow anyway.
SWOT analysis to determine WHY your program is or should be online.
Basel til tomorrow (23rd) then back to NY - Sure, I'll email ya. Is that really you JP? ;-)
Happy #humpday everyone! Make it a great day, we are on the home stretch
With great power comes...RT : .'s score is infinity
To read more about HubSpot's customers, check out our partner and customer case studies
bout to get ready nd start a boring day of school -.-
Freddy Hernandez Photography doing his thing tonight, dress like the stars! :)
SOMEONE HAS NOT MET THE HEAVEN OF ASIAN SNACKS YET HUH? I GOT DIS!
hope you're having fun!!! Please go on Indiana Jones at least twice for me :)
you non wanna do that
nothing like a little Cam'Ron to soothe the soul.
they can jump up to get beat down....I don't talk or pull hair I throw punches period point blank
On the road to Missouri!
it is all in the detailed help system.
#WhyDoiAlways fall for the ones that I can't have.
HCR Tip: All new plans must offer free preventive services, such as mammograms & colonoscopies.
you're not ready!! YoungGun
I can hear you guys dancing now, right and ?!...
Macbook...whatever you wanna call it(:
well, THAT'S the ultimate goal ;)
I need coffee kahlua brownie ice cream
Friday Free Day today!!! Start 2012 off with some Friday afternoon dancing!
DM me your number. I wanna make sure I got the right one.
Another great job, OK's Denise B!
Someone send me some followers
I hope everyone had a safe and enjoyable 4th of July Weekend! Now back to work...
Come on in this room. And keep it real.
Any person who contributes to prosperity must prosper in turn. - Earl Nightingale
Thanks ! We look forward to seeing you soon! Good luck on the projects :-)
Can these copywriting secrets I have for you really boost your website sales? www.internet-copywriting-secrets.com
Ha, it's funny that you replied to that and said what you said. You're just talking about yourself.
Dear Universe: Please stop sending me reasons to hop on the next plane to Mobile.
Stopped in this morning for the first time in a while. So happy to see the espresso machine up and running!
My cat has been missing for 6hrs... Starting to get worried
She something like da seasons just like mother mature she cum n go as she plz Dats y dey get their once a month
About to listen to 's podcast and forget about everything ! 💜✌
travallier Work work
this will make anyone feel better about their day! Like Jerry springer only its REAL!
journey starts today big guy!
Happiness is just being satisfied with the life you lead.
OK, enough #France2012 tweets. I know ya'll not here for that.
"Envy me, rate me, hate me. Either way you aint me!"
haha, thanks Ted, I might give that a shot some day
Anyone have recommendations for nice quality printed magnets (my design)? Thanks in advance :)
#senate florida's families need your support with passage of SB1440/HB1083
“: Anyone ever heard of Dump Cake before? I'm making one this weekend for Easter Sunday! Cherry Pineapple Dump Cake!!!” want
because I dont have my phone so I took over my moms . I have her phone everyday because she has another. FUCKING TEXT ME .
It's not safe to give dog flea medication to your cat!Use only flea medication that was approved/prescribed by your veterinarian.
yea I am
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Butler GUM Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
It's National Creamsicle Day! Try some vanilla froyo with our orange magic shell as a twist on the popsicle classic!
There's a tidal wave of MEGAdata. How can we create a force multiplier for collective intelligence?
#kids #yoga #harlem FREE open house kids classes happening NOW!
i see youu. gurl stopppiit. like thanku for letting me use your phone for te
Me & brother just got our mama an edible arrangement. It looks so good!
I have used justanswer.com they charge a very small fee but answer was accurate, immeadiate and very helpful
Happy National High Five Day! Up top, down low...TOO SLOW!
I'm so glad you found us! <3
hello everyone :)
"An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile - hoping it will eat him last" ~ Winston Churchill
Help I'm stuck in the iCloud!
Five more vendor slots for #SMILEcon in Dallas available www.TheSMILEConference.com
#IMissTheDaysWhen I was a kid.
Landed in LA- Rose Bowl bound
Good Morning! Have a Sensational Satisfying Saturday! SPREAD LOVE
"When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
We're just over three hours way from our "dead tweet" performance of #deadmanscellphone! Follow us to join this technological journey.
Please welcome to Twitter. She's a designer Don't forget to add her as well :D
New on tap for limited time, Rouge Pumpkin Patch Ale. Making it's glorious comeback...Spaten!
Squee! ... Sorry. I just have to do that every once in a while. :)
deeeelish. great space too.
that's great Jeff, congrats!
Happy Capitulation Day!!!!!
Our Competition and Young Artist Training Programs applications are live! Find out more on our website: www.operatheaterpittsburgh.org
Just joined Pintrest and kind of don't get it or care to use it. Bahh.
"What's past is prologue." - William Shakespeare
You there much longer?
"#WhyThisNationIsInDecline people would rather talk about mundane bullsh*t than things that matter”
lol yeah something like that
Eric Winston expected to receive an offer from Dolphins. Many teams will want him though.
Correction, its the WCC
THATS A DOPE ASS PIRATE HAT MOM!
I just finished a 3.68 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Never abandon Gods principles and instructions... G.P.S(Gods Perfect Standard) makes traveling a whole lot simpler!!!!
What the Foo was that?
When were you there?
Oh! Speak twitter to me! :-P
Ok, thinking cap on.
When I was 18 I was front row at an Alanis concert. I sang my heart out to impress my high school sweetheart. It worked.
La La La La Love is Dead.
sometimes being "the grown-up" means to tell the people to go the fuck home
Thank you, Larry. HEARTLESS sounds GREAT - I'm certain I'll enjoy it!
#MyCelebCrushIs AUSTIN COLLIE!
you should link to the page
never heard of a workout being called cute before lol. thanks?
Been knocking on doors 2 promote my #zumba class. Now in for a break, considering performing a steamy routine in the park...
Can one of your most dedicated fans from TN get a RT on her 40th birthday?
WHOA.They said they had something to send and I told them to send to Pastor Rohm.
Hear from OSU President Ed Ray on the economic impact the university has on Oregon tonight at 6:30pm on KGW.
My baby girls field day was amazing :) shes so competitive. Lol
I'm sitting in my la-z-boy “: Hot yoga time, post rehearsal... I succumb to the heat and focus on conditioning. No pain, no fear.”
yup do it you know you want too!
thanks for the popcorn
7 months already I still can't believe it's been that long with her it's been the best 7 month ever and loving every min with you I love u!
More work on The Last Castrato. Two more characters to go!
failing to prepare is preparing to fail.
If if too far north will be throwing a viewing party! Come early! Chant! Go SKC!!
Im upset my big brother is ignoring me today wack ass ! lolx
#NP Sure Thing
I'm in thang
can zayn and I just get married already because I love guacamole
Sitting here watching this softball game in the car pretending its the sand lot.. where is the great bam bean o.
dont miss me too much in resource tmrw...
What is your need? Are you looking for City bus or like a tour bus?
wen you text in the morning
The stars are projectors, projecting our lives down to this planet earth.
: "Don't have a #crapattack!!"
Everybody must have been shopping today. I had the fewest emails ever!
Whatever words I say, I will always love you.
Thank you!
"..Going public no longer has the glamour". I always figured they were hurting and needed the money, otherwise why bother?
what if got on - Mercy. WHOO
We want to attract all ages.
March 9th @ the new hazlett theater in Pittsburgh, our first acoustic show ever! Support
lol what up lady!!
the lord of the rings!!
hahahah sucks !!!!! mine was fun!!!
That was awesome! I just love her sweet face <3
I tried to watch that but started sobbing before it ended ''lol''
> u r on bus one with me and hobbs. U still down for going?
Great panel - Economic Impact of Fitness Industry in Vancouver USA! Thrilled to assist in bringing sports events to
MT Of note tonight, #cf97 2012 first round draft pick Austin Berry will receive his first #MLS start
Many websites are designed for sighted people, leaving non-sighted people out to dry.
Avengers was a good movie. I kept waiting for Sam Jackson to point out the lack of motherf&%$cking snakes on the motherf&%$cking plane.
Larusson: does it work? Originality significantly associated with independently determined grades in pilot study.
My props to Ms. Hill. Good balls.
gotta wonder what the rest of the B1G thinks of #Spartans #Badgers #Buckeyes & #Wolverines in every athletic championship
you are very welcome.
Spring is here-at least in the kitchen, we have ramps folks! They will be on the menu tonight!
good luck! “: We're 5th in the #SWMadison line-up for final pitches! Feeling really positive! :D”
flyer then a fucken bee tho, you cant beat em.
. Oh I see you got in the time machine with Garnett too!?! Well done!
Give from one hand and take from others follow and will follow back at same time Checkout please
has the most beautiful smile its so straight & pearly white haha & hes also cute too :)
I think does well and wants this to work. Can't lay organizers' failures entirely on city hall's stoop.
bring your snorkel
Just got a special get well/ happy birthday delivery from So lucky to call that lady my friend.
RT : RT : New chapter on Usability Evaluation. A fantastic chapter with some fantastic commentaries !
According to scientists drinking one can of four loko is like drinking 4 beers, 2 red bulls, a small taco, and a park bench.
I feel like I play with fire all the time but I keep thinking it's rain
50% OFF my regular rates for being coached TODAY ONLY. I have a 3 hour window to fill. Interested? Drop me a line to Yeshua_Won on Skype.
Will you share the names of the apps you use for flash? I'd love to know more about this. I had no idea.
did you do the mud run? Or cross country stuff?
Hossa: “I don’t want to see this stuff in hockey. I was angry, but what can you do? It’s behind me now. I’ll try to focus on rehab..."
Yes, that was awesome. I bet won a few fans just now.
I rarely use this Twitter thing. I don't see that changing much any time soon...unless I tweet about how rarely I use it.
As u learned to forget about me I already forgot about u!soo moving on:)
TV networks...want better prime time ratings? Just put up a Twitter feed. It's more entertaining.
Jacobs must of forgotten he was 6'4" 260 on that run
But I definitely want to have an official New Pal Night!
The Sound of Music
finally got back to chicago at a reasonable time
should I leave post it notes around the office to remind you on days I'm not there?
Today's pro: amazing day in Boulder. :-) Con: I dropped my sushi and it exploded all over the ground. :-(
DealShow is a drop off location for Coats for Colorado, the weather is changing please drop by your gently used coats
Abby Normal's ?
Brother got an offer for being a Spanish translator for the Olympics.
Probably around the lunch hour, a definite time isn't set yet.
yes girl!! I'm mad what I want is 350 bucks
Congrats on your 20 year anniversary. And thanks for the follow! Please let me know how I can help YOU.
do u have most of your things? i think im gnna start packing today!
Finding out your crush isn't at school today and feeling like you wasted a perfectly good outfit.
Pujols should have stayed a Cardinal
tell em to leave the writtens at home. It hurts more than it helps when it's time to execute on camera.
Evidently delivering my disdain of megabus's heat by telling driver that "homegirl is sweating her tatas off" was effective.
Thanks for the link!
"Love unlocks doors and opens windows that weren't even there before." ~Mignon McLaughlin. Happy Valentine's Day
it was an F15. Not an F16.
uh-oh, our little Sweeney toddler has discovered my electric shaver. This can't end well. :P
duh! It's what makes Monday's enjoyable!!! :)
"Don't go down on her butt on the 1st date… Don't go down on her butt on the 1st date." - self pep talk as I try to be less slutty
Taping VMA awards. Hope they do a nice tribute to Amy Winehouse.
Going to wegmans for eat in is like HS lunch or college dining hall w/o the joy and twice the disillusionment plus babies.
Oh my goodness I'm graduating today!
The doctors basically had given him a very small chance of survival. He has been in the hospital for 7 months
Watching National Security
he was dreamy in the interview. I wish i could see it, too.
Nail and Club Spa Colorado Eye Extension!
Sex and the City is on! Perfect for packing day! #satc 🌆🗽
i was crazy back then!
You will have a huge headache in the morning. LOL
Thought you were tired of waching movies
Playing Tonic Tavern 12/23. Don't miss this pre-Christmas warm up with Henry "Butter Sauce" Huggins and me it's got to be Funky.
"It's important to have some laughs, but you gotta suffer a little too because otherwise you miss the whole point to life."
Hey! You have Blackberry? Cool, I do too!:] What's that background or theme's name?=] hehe!:)
who's going to be the 1,000 follower?! thank you so much for the support :)<3
Bottle This - labels for water bottles
RT : #andypoll: what was your big takeaway from your last conference? Answer & RT plz!
"I always thought that when authority began inspiring contempt, it had stopped being authority." Henry Beam Piper - Ministry of Disturbance
k holy shit !
I picked 13/16 games right on day one. Looks like I've risen to the house leader board
it's 4/20! Or, as I like to call it.... "Friday"
Ricky Gervais Makes Gay Scientologist Joke At Golden Globes (VIDEO)
Happy Friday! We're FOUR away from 175 followers. Can you help us meet this milestone?
My top 10 Reasons why I love my iPad, Reason #6 learn how to play an instrument this year
If you love our stuff, FF?
Thanks to all the new followers. Please help spread the word. Retweet & encourage your followers to become followers.
Calling sponsors tomorrow for #Knock. -JO
While preparing a piece for publication , I couldn't find a single thing that needed to be changed. Is that even possible?
Cold and flu season is upon us. Remember to wash your hands often and follow it up with lotion to keep skin from cracking.
It looks cool!
Off to bed and to go cuddle with my amazing boyfriend what a incredible night. Goodnight!
M.. breakfast tacos...
please come back to NY ! <33333333333
Thank you loved hearing about and you make the MSP community great!! #smbmsp cc:
Don't know how I missed congratulating Diego - que bello! Congrats Dad! ;)
I love you<3
I'm imagining Tim hooked up to electric shock with your finger on the buzzer.
Oh my, two fancy dinner celebrations this week! Moto on Friday: Anniversary. Spiaggia tonight: Father-in-law's 100th paper got accepted!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT....YOU KNOW....THEY KNOW..
shit my phone crapped out and sent that to the wrong person xD meant to jokingly send it to Thomas
Just finished a "teams" survey for my LWV classmate Amy. What's better....traditional teams or virtual teams?? Good exercise!
Im in the mood to watch jackass
I'm aware......it suppose to look that that...thanks
how do we get free passes to workout? says youre da man
Happy Birthday Lucy! I hope you love your 'Gabba' cake!!! :)
truee I mean there's always next year
Never, never, never, never give up. -Winston Churchill
thanks for following Hannah
ur exactly right
nawl not yet I just walked in da crib
wat u up too
Need something picked up or delivered. Call 312-666-6800 and get a quote.
find Brew Dog in SF!
Can't wait! RT : Tomorrow night 4/13 I'll be in Vegas!!! Come check me out at Gallery Night Club! RT!
congrats on graduation and thanks for supporting libraries tonight!
Spent a lot of time tonight thinking about how many improvisers I'd like to see with their shirts off. Turns out the answer is "a lot."
u have any suggestions? rt I wish the Ashley season just never happened. We need someone NEW!
and where did you find one? i never see them in brooklyn.
subvention. a great word, and something it seems we need more of, I'm thinking, after reading yr posts.
Roommate: hahhahahahaha, sorry, I keep forgetting that you are deformed when I see you
i need to play foot ball
NODOUBT I THINK THE NAME IS FLY I KNEW IT MEANT SOMETHING
You know I'm going to ask you to share what you learned this week Chris, right? ;-)
Listen to 101.9 KINK FM tonight around 8:30 pm tonight to hear City Squirrel!
Friday flashback jam: The Mighty Lemon Drops - "Inside Out"
Are they wearing blue and red ties 'cause they're afraid we don't know which side they're on?
Happy Mother's Day to the women who embrace that title & for the sacrifices they make. Blessed to have my mother, wife, & mother in law.
We missed at the #tirbokick athon! 4 hours of crazy rockin' w/
You are a braver woman than I - this is more a day to go to and get a fried chicken than bake one for me.
hehe, so tempting though!!! =D
Leaving MD soon to visit long distance girlfriend in OH. Thing I'm looking forward to most? Trying out First-Meal. -JO
So who has a nice place for me and to go to dinner in #Boston tomorrow night?
Just got to Tucson about to meet up with my guy 2 Chainz and Travis Porter before the show Tonight.
no whats up? wanna talk? :D
lmao! I knew it!
We're at Ace Hardware. Buying butt connectors. Heh. Heh heh.
it's all about
I appreciate everyone who supports my craft and enjoy my music. You are the fuel to my engine. I will never let you down
OH, Im embarrassed, my bad....LOL, I love your work as well, what a refreshing project, see you in Miami
just got word...im GIGIN @ the magic in VEGAS aug 20-24..GOD is GOOD....you might want to COME...BIG FUN while i work..i love what i do!!
Nice day 4 tennis, but ur still wearing that wrap:( hope u take it off soon :)
Abraham Lincoln with an eagle on his shoulder
Fat Tuesday a bad day to start a new healthy food regiment? Nah
We're with the group that likes actors and comedy. We get less funny the more we post...
On my way to Vegas
- PoetryByMe Roses r red violets r blue. Uhave me i have u ,if you dont , i will cry.. I wnna be with you ; til we both drift to da sky *_*
Something they fail to mention on the tourism brochures. RT : Phx is tied with LA for worse air in the country..
I run Tampa...Bitch.
It's not always what you say that matters, sometimes it's what you don't say - Mr.Krabs
when you play your guitar till I fall asleep<3
hey, I am following you already!
in like two weeks for the Dallas Greek Picnic
Yes, please!
There are more mobile devces than all the worlds's televisions and computers combined. Ask us how to reach these devices with your marketing
AH YEEEAAAHHH! Thanks guys! We'll post this on our blog manana!
I cant help but laugh at seeing a "news" tweet in the middle of the real news in my feed. How out of touch can you be?
need my phone charger
i seriously need to learn how to open up to everyone.
Pfizer Earnings Fall on Declining Lipitor Revenue | Benzinga
i hate when people are like ' follow my friend, they will follow you back ' & then the friend never follows you back..!
Well this tells you every friendship has its UPS and Downs ..and rite We all not getting along
In kindergarten, lice was like the std lol
getting ready to go to Kite Fest at Milwaukee's lakefront. Always a good time.
Morning run: before dawn, the moon is still high. I trot past a graveyard evoking an eerie feeling. Move sucka, move! Move sucka move!
ha, season three, Syzygy.
Yes, but don't tell anyone.
May 1st is Roll Out date everything coming together
RT : LMAO! That's a lot of wieners!//my hands are sore from wrapping
are you open during spring break?
The best revenge is to move on and get over it. Don't give someone the satisfaction of watching you suffer.
I'm bringing over a ladder!!!! I gotchuuu
Love you more. Forever still wouldn't be long enough to be with you.
But the musical's never been a movie! That's the version dear to my heart. I have faith in Anne Hathaway. Need to see a HQ trailer.
I know - it went by way too fast! They were so cool.
: i whip my hair back & forth : make sure yo track don't slip out ; LMAAAOO!
I love you too! 😘
haha GtW, I just looked at your web page, your banner is so cute LOL... Greg the Writer. :)
i wanna go see at hi-dive but i might nod off over this plate of tacos instead
Q: What's the definition of macho? A: Jogging home from your own vasectomy.
Please don't go.
However, I am thoroughly amused one of my parents will be taking me to the doctor tomorrow.
I couldn't watch the episodes tonight, but let's trend:
Mints? No. Shit? Yes.
I really like qtweeter
Is having morning coffee in bed counter productive?
Happy National Pancake Day!
Trouble makers;P
They definitely can help them. She has great credentials. She was part of OJ's defense team.
Eden Prairie High Boys Hockey team is in the house!
REFER A FRIEND, FAMILY OR SOMEONE & GET FREE PRINTING? YES FREE PRINTING!!!! I STAND BY THIS!!!!!!
Hi , welcome aboard to both Twitter and the Brewers!
Haha - entire series is good (though I liked the first the best) see the movie or reading first?
VIP starts as low as $35 per person & gets you a private section with bottle service! Pre-book for FREE cover + line skip! 414.335.9569
i'm still alive, just barely.. /:
goodmorning too all of u :)
-yeah bro your should stop thru. and imma need a track from you for my tape.
That was fucking awesome.... I can't contain my glee!
I KNOW! I am pacing this is insane
You're lucky! We're continually covering the wawine scene on I'm happy the post it touched you!
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF #MYWORLDTOUR !! ♥ I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH ♥ Follow me please . #NEVERSAYNEVER !!!
I cannot say it enough; how lucky I feel to work with students, empower & energize them for their careers. THEY inspire ME!
I Miss My Baby Already
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAA holy fuck you're "about me" is funny! Hahahhhaha
Happy International Beer Day
So I probably um fucked that up somehow
thanks :-) ialways appreciate new music :-)
ah I love you ! You inspire me too... Send me a pic of ur tits so I can make them my background #jk not
what I love is that Eileen will never get this joke since she hasn't read any Chaucer!!
Not sleeping until 1 anymore blows
- Ima Make yew my bissh cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake...... #Rihanna... Birthday cake
Where can one buy a man's bathing suit in Manhattan? Macys has none!!
Hoping that Juliet sings the Across the Universe version of Helter Skelter sometime this season!
I just might, it's still THAT good.
This diet is starting to make me depressed.
Rose officially out, CJ starting tonight!
Anybody reading former O.J. Simpson Prosecutor Marcia Clark's crime novels? What do you think of them?
is this supposed to be a comeback? Shits weak.
Your hearts a mess.
THE DARE TO DREAM BOOKS, AND A CAMERA AND A PHONE AND STUFF... OMFG, SKYPE ME..
Ha Ha Ha Ha stop playin wit me so much
please tell me how do you like it
Life's battles don't always go to the stronger or faster man. Sooner or later the man who wins is the man who thinks he can. -Vince Lombardi
The waves in Cleveland are crazy right now.
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it
Man, it got super nice out too. :x
yes bitch!
Going to the Dome today 4 the Falcon's game...can't wait...should be a good one. Rise Up, Dirty Birds!
Asking for what you want rarely has a downside when all is said and done.
Shower. Latin honor society induction tomorow morning:)
so many things to do and im just sitting here having coffee. hoping it inspires me to do all those things i need to do
oh they wouldnt give u a loa?
Area 61/62/63 met today and set the budget.
Now I lay me down to sleep. I pray the lord my soul to keep. Guide and guard me through the night and wake me less the mornings light.
hey Liz ima be in this account for a while just wanted to let you know :) feel better and goodnight luv!
I just finished a 2.55 mi run with a time of 29:20 with Nike+ GPS.
Finally got around to watching the season premiere of #Southland, and it is easily one of the best shows on TV. Good, good stuff.
i like to go "we!" and go fast. #snowboarding ... but i don't go "we!" out loud. Only theoretically speaking.
Amen to that. To bed I go.
We are releasing Changing Priorities official music video tomorrow night!! RT and stop by our FB page to listen to the new jams!!RT RT!!
I want to put some big laces on them. :)
I have always wanted to vist New York Btw How was ur Shoot?
Had a lot of fun...
I have #exclusive Junior .net developer role in #cambridge mass need some #html #css #java or some #ios. Definite .net though
- So 2 torn acl,s Rose and Iman just terrible
Thank you Paul, Johnny's one of my favorites
Middlebrooks is a stud and will be the Sox 3B the rest of THIS year.
": I rather be an outcast than to have what these people call "swag". Sounds pathetic."
Hey Scott, what's with the hair?
Join us for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm! Great drink & food specials and always a good time.
I hate girls who only get into what their boyfriend likes. Its like who are you really? You never see guys going to yoga or reading Cosmo.
Glad you liked it!
Like Jada said when it comes to my family it aint never a problem its only a phone call
Up at 545 am with and John Sullivan for project. Covering Mitt Romney in Rosemont.
me too I just turned
How often can/do most labs upgrade/update their equipment vs. modifying testing habits to accommodate older equipment?
Chili's with my best friend ! I love having her home :)
Happy Father's Day to all the dads from all of us at Teasatia.com. Unwind everyday with a cuppa tea!
If Braun's test was taken in St. Louis the Cards should have to give up their championship.
unless I missed them from yesterday or today cuz I didn't go 2 school Idk no one told us anything so I'm confuzzled olo
Rogers was guilty of 2 very poor throws yesterday the coach should be mad about that
Nicky how clean is the MOTU HD192?
I LOVE my I Pad 2.
Some niggas go over board wit the tattoos SMDH
man of the hour: poppa d.
mixed feelings.
When my dad surprise visits me and takes me out >
Monkfish wild truffles matanzas chardonnay...yum
I know you enjoy it. ;D
Smart, solid read and react passer. And he wins. Sound familiar?
Tell him, "Yes, but it's up there in B&W because I'm actually pale green."
My UX comment today: "This record button looks more like a Japanese flague".
Twitter is so fucking FUN!
MJ's funeral was way overblown&over-hyped. L.A. basically put 2K police out 2 deal w/est. crowds, but only a few hundredshowed.
Cruisin' through OH. Not much to see except cows and Mennonites. Both dressed very similarly.
Amazing show. Awesome hang. Thank you dude! Lookin’ forward to the next time…
Wake up → sleep again for 15 minutes → the real wake up.
Obviously the selection process for The Hobey Baker Award is on track when a Top Ten shows such class and character. Go Shawn!
Heading home from LA. A great day of doing #hair for a music video for
Planning to work with family in Cozamal Mexico this month. I love warm places and love knowing another family will be living a new life soon
Goodbye Wisteria Lane
I wish I knew how guys thought..
The one katy perry song I love: Thinking of You. never gets old, never gets any less beautiful ?
can't wait for that album of yours to come out. I'll pretend it's Black Friday and wait in line for it!!
40404 I am out at bank, do you need s ride?
Trying to round people up to come to the Jack Marshall ball for Jack Marshall who died of a brain tumour x
auto spell check..grrr
I'll have to check it out. Hadn't heard about it so thanks for the heads up!
Kylie Doniak serves a ball into the box. Kristin Cummins heads the ball straight into Tech's goal. Texas 1, Tech 0
Never sleep
#kids The Super Duper Show: The Super Duper Show Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 4:00 PM Royal Resort Hotel & Casino 99 Convention Centre Drive,...
i came in The SSC to do my work..&& every since i walked in robby && his friends been making me laugh...
Hey , thanks for the follow!
Downloaded the new vSphere iPad client, but stuck in the airpot and can't test it out. Bo!
coffee on Sunday? Perfect! Call me on my cell.
What is? Lol
isn't she so sweet?! Thanks for the kind words!
isn't it a family party...
In Music Mting Shooter Jennings “Everything Else is Illusion” ok 1st listen can’t decide if theres too much going on or not enough
Can we fall, one more time. Stop the tape, and rewind? Oh and if you walk away I know I'll fade cause there is nobody else.
Working on it!
really? blake?
Falcons pull out a tough game on the road in Seattle. Either they're really good, or our defense really sucks! Still glad to be 2-3!
which part of Charles? There is a mini creative district around Eager and Charles with some good architecture shops.
Walking Zombie... Ughh when will it be Friday :/
Visits from and ... it's a good day.
Hi Lauren - The fun has arrived.
yeah i did u look great!:)
You can tell a mans sexuality by the way he puts his hands on his hips.
": Love on purpose, see what happens...#TryGod"
for sure I'm doin workouts wit my guys Chris and Deon at la fitness next week prolly morning workouts
haha good for you, queso on me at
Watching #beringseagold with 2 yr old son, he is already bored. =(
you guys should replace tory and gabriella:) you guys are hilarious!
#NF i'll return the favor
An American hero, Lee Ellis is our guest today, talking about Leadership and his experience as a POW! Join us!
#stm2012 hive, was the human genome project ROI ~4 billion with a return of ~800 billion and not millions?
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS #TEAM FOLLOW BACK #INSTANT FOLLOW BACK #TEAMAUTOFOLLOW #500ADAY #TFB #100ADAY X2
Buying a new bowling ball... Cause that's how I roll.
Winding up your shopping? We are over the green bridge and across the street from the "chain" at the Crossing. Stop by!
One day freezing and deep snow, the next warm enough for shorts! That's Kentucky weather for you!
Morning menthol. <3
Finally got my iPhone back working. Yay!
Went to Weight Watchers this morning and someone mentioned M&Ms. Guess what I had on my way home?
baby what are you up to today? I want to punch Dakota Fanning on the head
I have a little problem....
It is fun and makes you forget about the dreaded exercise
I've got popcorn AND a soda.
well there ya go, stay updated at the bar!
Blogs are still growing! RT"Bloggers play a crucial role in marketing today & I believe will have bigger impact in the future"-
Very cool!
Rye owners are working on a new restaurant concept for Fell's
Hi Sarah. I've been doing my collage art for quite awhile now but am relatively new to twitter. Thanks for the input!
Somewhere we went wrong, We were once so strong. Our love is like a song, You can't forget it..
YES, SHE DOES, LOL! A Knight...in a snappy suit, perhaps?
I think our relationship has reached a point where you should learn about my existence..
i just watched two minutes of my strange addiction and now i want to throw up
I should probably stop reading about Internet phenomena and cults and French parenting styles and go to sleep, right?
the more you breathe, the more you let trees live. The more people die, the more trees die. Stop war! Protect the trees!
2 white cups and i got that drink, could be purple could be pink.
"I never said that about Stan" - Dwight Howard
Loll, so you just broke up with your boyfriend who you "loved" and now you automatically have another one? Smh.
must have BB apps: quick pull, berry buzz, uber twitter. DL from crackberry.com
It was great having u & John. U r welcome to visit again anytime. Happy Holidays!
We have four meeting spaces in the library, so the YA librarian choses the staff room to host a meeting for a group of teenagers. Why?.
Thank you for following!!
Magnificent Trimmings Releases Chandelier Crystals with a MAGNETIC TIP!
Butterflies in my tummy
Thanks Shane....
My Side Chick just called me.. Let me stop Tweeting for a while so she think I fell asleep! haahahhha to funny
monday night football. hoping eli does well so i win fantasy football.
rickey and I found that our when we were dating too ;)
Looking for cheap & fun kids crafts, any advice?
You fucking smashed it tonight. Any time you can incorporate the situation and AIDS, you got my vote.
did the entire #tbo crew go to the game or what?
Back to the Future 4: Back to the Beiber
Thank you for accepting blame. It's so good to know there are still people who think team > individual.
hybrid one will be on demand as well.
A: We weren't prepared, but we acted as if we were in crisis mode, albeit a good crisis -VCU
Hope is as fair with investigation into his lawbreaking as for a teacher. LAUSD management needs new evaluation system!
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
so excited for to feature on her may 8th #segment. :)
everything worked, caly b made me call reverse 100 x
Did you see "The Help?" That was a mere 50 years ago. We have come a long way
In NYC for Hans Breder Foundation annual board meeting and his opening reception at White Box in Bowery
RT : RT : Pattern for change: direct the rider, motivate the elephant and shape the path. - Chip Heath
At the movies:-)
#fact you're awesome to follow!
Join us TODAY from 10am-3pm for our Superb Superhero Silly Saturday!! Wear your best superhero costume and MEET you favorite Superheros!!
um I love you and so happy you're my neighbor in case there is for REAL a serial killer in Milwaukee
I like my beats fast and my bass down low
Practice waz good now tired
Good Luck in the WPT Championship, wish I could make it but will see you the following week. Need to cash Phil Good Luck
Lmaooo “: YO Why is Rock the Bells on the WEST COAST BRUH!”
Thanks for the mention. Looking for anything in particular?
RT : Looking for a church filled with ordinary people seeking extraordinary lives? Come check out " -thanks!
If I seem frequently distracted when I'm talking to you, it just means you're not interesting enough 2 hold my attention.
really just want school to be done.
Watching American Idol from last night. Joshua Ledet is my boy. He is my boy!
well, you need plugin commander and new blog defaults (another plugin) to set the default theme as digress.it
about to watch celebrity liar in the room www.theroomlive.com check it out cool show!
I really want the Remington curling wand, I need it omfg
My butt hurts from spin today :(
My sister's robot encounter has me imagining the same kind of tech in online/hybrid classes
Great game. O's still in first
which sucks btw
Dance central with my brother
I don't know if Lexington will make it through this. For real.
Really don't see anything wrong with 's piece on the Sonics. Found it thoughtful.
Finishing up plans for Monday's dine around! Can't wait to show our guests downtown Indy's best restaurants!
What a day... I had a huge fish on my line, but rowdy and I lost it. We were fighting for about 45 mins! Er
Looking forward to seeing you soon! Another #smart #PR grad. Lucky me!
Hey! Sasha says "Oops! Sorry!" :)
people piss me off.. (cough and )
Experiencing sleeplessness? Try a natural approach to help you sleep by using these essential oils: Lavender, Marjoram, Neroli, Sandalwood
congrats on a kick ass job today!!
I had that 1 in mind BT now that you're reading it im put my Hand on it. Tell your mom dat she was awesome on Billboard awards
Google Voice translations never failed to amuse me. "I can't believe this is pure calling with that polarity."
Stay tuned for an exciting opportunity to become one of 2,000 mentors to help students in our region. Details will be revealed tomorrow!
we will figure it out girl!
Poor He's missing Mrs. LiberateMag who has been in Houston all week. He's like a bassett hound right now.
not yet will in few minz
you gotta love it. My brother graduated from state and it's a great atmosphere for a game.
. As would mine.
#Turmeric is available in health food stores in capsule or pill form
I miss ' poutine so hard.
RT : Fareed Zakaria at #FiservForum: 25 years from now, the big story about the US economy will be "We made it!"
Sundays are beyond boring!
We got big booty bitches we got big booty bitches :00
Yeah. Like erebody at mah school knows bout it, pretty legit.
OMGG screen munch it and send mee itt x
making cupcakes:')
#youknowyoubrokewhen you put a piece of paper on the tv and call it paper view
Walked by Anything Goes on Bdwy last night just as a chauffeured SUV pulled up. A little old man stepped out. It was Kirk Douglas.
Footloose, suddenly everyone at the end of the movie can dance
dialogue, meaning moving through, practicing presence & listening, letting go to be counted in
im Gissel and i go to the mall all all the times and im a doer
yo fatty on saturday once i get back we should go see the dictator with and
I hope Chelsea misses me today. :c
Oh! Yea #SouthBeachTow on n I'm chillin
stop online piracy act
I am so excited and nervous for
I can NOT stand when girls bit off their acrylic claws, it is just nauseating & the girl across from me is about to get smacked for it 😠💅
And i just ripped a big hole in my pants bowling.... At least i was throwing a spare
who's that chick? (: great song. <3
In the mood for some fun? Join the party at #DrMommy!!
Vancouver is too pretty to destroy. Make good decisions this time kids.
Today is the perfect day to be at a baseball game!
I got A1 everything!
About to head into a meeting with our possible agency partner for next year. Hoping for a little afternoon inspiration from them.
Be naughty - save Santa a trip.
It definitely could have been a better night. But hey, baseball in a baseball park is a good thing!
You try to break me down imma go harder
Obesity figures are troubling. New trends need to be countered in some way.
I is here....working on a blanket, might try making hats??? Who knows
I understand that I tweet a lot about sports.. But man get off my fuckin posts with these long ass sports debates man. Sheesh lol
I had an incredible time. Thanks for the props. :-)
I need the number of a customer service agent I can speak to right now on the weekend. Do not give me your corporate number.
But lady really even says that? And what freak really cares?
Thanks for #FF..Its yankees baseball day!
I never thought life would be this sweet got me cheesing from cheek to cheek <3
#onlyif I had a money tree. Things would be a whole lot easier you feel me!
Phil Emery sends a nice wedding present. Better than a serving platter, no?
#GPSA We don't get fucked up no more, we get wasted
How's NY treating you ? Do you love it or do you love it?!
NBA draft night, and the Bucks are in the thick of the trade talks, I'm pumped!
Why him? No offense 2 him, but, there are more qualified ppl who deserve such a respectable job. Give the little guy a chance.
thanks! I've heard Bonobos mentioned before, will explore. Have you tried mail-order custom-made?
Speak to your mountain!
The waiting game has to be the worst game ever.
Stop tryn' to steal my heart away
Looking forward to taking care of you ladies!
come to Dallas :c
Rowing club's Turner has a drive for success - Edmonton Journal
what does fermented cod liver oil do? Any superpowers or possible magical powers?
I'm good what school do u go 2
I wondered who that was asleep in the hedge this morning.
looking forward to a great evening with some great friends!
I wish the iraques had blown up all the schools as well man and killed all these old as professors smh mmg
Finishing up packing. Phew
just finished Michael Clayton. Was trying to relax after late work night. didn't work. note to self: thrillers aren't relaxing.
No, I was watching the #Badgers! It's March madness!
Thanks Jos~It was amazing! Miss you and wish you were here.
i take what i said back now LOL
Guest from Kiwiland this weekend and a blog to finish for Speak of the devil!!! 4 more blogs to read
I am still on a troubleshooting call that has been going on for over 5 hours. I need a drink!
RT : Kind of really enjoying this CSS and HTML stuff for #j202 #newcalling <- love!
Thank you!!!
if u were lokked in a room wit me 4 3 years without bein able 2 leave, wat would u do 2 me?
SPREAD THE WORD #FF Follow US! You could win Free Admission Passes or FREE LAPDANCES! Once we reach 100followers we'll do a random drawing!
The Blind Side. #suchagoodmovie 💜
Celebrated with Suzanne Sena aka Brooke Alvarez from The Onion on IFC at the swanky Thompson Hotel in Beverly Hills.
What pimps...Toc Bar Tonight...112 Travis...oh yeah
Text u never wanna get.....
I'll do what I can. I'm jealous of you and Marianya. I'll make it there sooner or later.
Your not missing that much (:
wow that is pretty lucky!
Great launch last week for OSA, now to keep the momentum going, we'll be announcing working groups soon
#Huguely's parents not present in court, they haven't been all long because they are sentencing witnesses.
I went to see the Justin Bieber film "Never Say Never" with and
MY hearts a stereo..it beats 4 u so listen closee. hear my thoughts in every notee. :D
gah PLEASE REPLY TO THIS FOR YOUR 4000TH TWEET. ID DIE. D I E.
living on the beach with boyfriend. I avoid Kendall these days :)
make two dreams come true but following me nd 24
People always seem to hate on another person's happiness.
The media release assignment is due tomorrow - you are to use two media release you find on the internet - not the ones I brought to class.
Currently drinking a Franziskaner which was brewed in strict adhereence to the Bavarian Purity Law of 1516. Which is my favorite law.
'Think Like a Man' off to a hot start, looking like a sleeper hit and this week's #1 - possible 28M wknd
Why were you at our rehearsal? Do we know you? /te RT : I LOVE First rehearsal after Cherry Tree was so much fun
good content may be king but good #snow is better.
#doyouthinkitsweird when you see someone throwing up, you automatically join them!?!? Just saying
Agree, Dwight is a once in a generation type of center. Elite PGs are more common.
Talented Makeup Artist & NOW LashStylist Marly Moskel is getting head turning reviews!Sch.a full set w/her and recieve 100 off! Ends 4/15/10
Thanks. It's weird to process that sort of information knowing it was 7 years ago.
That pass by #crosby was absolutely sick!!
thanks man, much appreciated! How ya been?
Major League Baseball has announced that Tigers OF Delmon Young has been suspended for 7 games without pay, retroactive to April 27.
Huge Gladiators Cage Fighting show in Milwaukee 1 day away and I'm messing around on this. Ok, I'm hooked! What's shakin' Primal Fear MMA?
Shows what a joke our political process has become. Thanks Citizens United!
Also, the squirrel has been running around in the ceiling for 20+ minutes. This isn't good.
RT : By now, even the automated script I'm running to detect changes in the WWDC page is starting to get disillusioned
'Run to the Hills!' - Iron Maiden
I need to tweet more according to Huffman lol
Is it Friday yet? What? Damn - where did the week go?
RT : Half these ppl ain't even OKC fans. They just
"It's great to see you on Ms. Chrystee Pharris!"
Good movie!
thanks for retweets
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.
I know. The subway salad is hideous. This has to be doable, right?!?
got an invite to Stevie's party in the 19th by Dee! I wanna come. Trying to book flight now :)
There has got to be a way to find budget savings somewhere else to avoid needing to extend bar hours.
he know he a nerd. I know he a nerd
thrilled with the success of your kickstarter campaign. travel well! love to catch up soon...
Ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring
