Whatever, Mr. “Lives in Glass Darkly Land”.
I want you to buy a MASSIVE suv and just drive the fuck out of it. Fossil fuels? Fuck 'em. That's the LA WAY.
Thankyou god for letting me wake up another beautiful morning
I'm made.
Brainstorming on our #Globetrottingfreedomquest! Can't wait to start our journey around the world.
Ok... It's late so gotta get to bed. After I check a few more emails and my FB wall.........
thanks:) its my southern hill billy accent
Daily calcium & magnesium supplementation can be useful in lowering blood pressure as well as increasing bone density. Make sure it has D3!
she probably the best:). Sounds like you're both totally lucky! Behind every good guy is a far better woman they say.
thanks! I followed you back :)
The movers are here!
Bob davidson always has to make a scene. What an ass.
Truth Be Told You Niggas Never Told The Truth
What would on earth would we need a Saxophonist for?! :-P
Don't say you can't trust nobody. It's clear you don't know how to pick your friends.
If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you, she is the one.
Every time someone hits reply all and accidentally emails the whole company, a puppy dies. #really?
#Arctichome You just gonna stare at me or Give me that Coca cola...
he might be sick. Chaulmers is really stepping up his game 2night. They might know something.
did you make my bed?! Omg you're such an angel
Truly appreciate all who contributed to tonight's event. I am overwhelmed with pure greatness. Thank you!
anyone know spanish lol?
chunk of change > manners.
omg we have one by my house!! So good!!
So, I'm in Florida now and it should be about 80 degrees tomorrow.
Good plan:-)
Thank goodness. Means I have more flexibility to deal with this Planter's wart.
Dear professor, your book is 3.5 years overdue. Whiskey Tango Foxtrot?
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.” -Robert Collier
Plate is full with #vo projects & approaching deadline. More auditions scripts keep streaming in my inbox. Much 2 do w/li'l time 2 do it in
Nothing can be pleasing which is not also becoming.
Is there any other way? “: Great end of 1st quarter interview by Stan Van Gundy. Telling it how he sees it.”
Group paper until 2:45 AM. Super unfortunate situation the night before an interview.
Rajon Rondo waited outside the bus after Game 2, shook every teammate's hand and said, "Thank you," according to Doc Rivers on
your calorie count far exceeded 10,000 today
found you through the Facebook page...SMART!
lol well i am too whenever i go
She blew me away with this!!!
#Rubbernecking, if anything, so worth it.
- if the Heat play to their potential no one can beat them. They need the support players to do well - Miller, Battier, etc.
yeah. Well, the exhibit's not going anywhere anytime soon, so you'll see it one way or another!
I'll be on KUSI for two segments tomorrow morning starting at 7:40 a.m., tune in!
I dont want to forget you, i have no problem being friends, but remembering what we were is KILLING me......
plzz follow me i love u!!
Learn how to use inbound Internet marketing techniques to generate more inbound leads
yeah, they are! This is gonna be an interesting season for sure!
When I create, I love to embrace the flaws and make them part of the process.
Sigh... Shelving in Juvenile Non-Fiction may be my own personal hell....
hahaha :D and you don't have to die reading (x
y'all going to get dogged
When you find out, let me know. They never stop!
you the S#$% and I love you, you badass!!!!
All these standing ovations make me feel like I'm at the State of the Union
Thanks for the work you do to serve this nation's artists and arts organizations! From everyone !
planning a hunt for jan 21st overnight by silverstar mtn any tips?
Creativity is an iterative process.
it's a whole lot of fun
you know we will! We will have our cd too!
My thighs are on fire!!!!!!!! I love running.
GOING TO "I LOVE YOU MAN" WITH Q AND BLAIR. AIN'T NO LUCK IN BOAT RACES
creating a "life book" for a client 22" x 28" with a matching clam shell box. A gift for his new bride. sweet!
You ever look at a man u loved with all your being and now can't even decide if u even like him now?
hope you are well- wondering if you could follow back my biz account- -tnx-eb
!! I am missing you girl :c We haven't talk in tumblr for years D: :P
thanks James. :)
bring one to Anaheim & exchange it for free beer with me? ;)
Nothing better than a White girl that can shake her ass
awesome! Will do :)
Trust Your Sensei: "The Thing" remake could be the perfect New Monster Film for this Halloween Season.
Good Morning Colorado! We would like to donate 30 ppm copiers to non-profits in Denver. Please contact Kim for details 303-778-0600
HA! > “: Buddy Nix on WGR about picks in 4 thru 7: "Like the woman with the ugly baby - you love them 'cause they're yours."”
Love the new pic! Sorry if i was harsh the other day.
haha! See you on Sunday!
I seem to have that bug that's going around. Maybe THIS is how that war on marriage I've been hearing so much about begins.
I'll have that story tomorrow in Geo.
Hello there. I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks Dr. Spanish
Hahaha I see a couple snitch niggas in my tl
I know that. lol. I hate it 😡
Go forward & don't look back.
Vegas is god? RT : Only God can judge me.
why does my dog have to eat everything
we Idahoans obviously have money to burn, so long as it makes a (conservative) political statement
Frank Sileo, a fantastic & accomplished author! His 4th book to be pubished by Magination Press, the children's division of the APA...
Bombay Bar & Grill on 21st @ Capitol, Sacramento.
tumble dry ur life away
Does anybody else see those pimps at the okc game ?
Weren't they silver in the story? I remember reading this back in AP US History in high school.
thank you... i sent you a direct message
I'm going back to sleep !
SO HAPPY GOT AN A ON MY ESSAY! Raining A's today!
holy crap! How many people were you feeding?
True friendship isn't about being there when it's convenient, it's about being there when it's not
We fear what we don't understand
At the IFC for and Had to move to a bigger theatre!
well, i was serious, you just didn't text me
Q1 Yes.View library's strategic plan, see if interviewee has published/presented in your field of interest.
yo ill be in Denver tomorrow! Where the parties at?
Shout out to for supporting #Office365 for Dummies! You rock!
RGIII? He'll do his thing for sure! RT : I hope he does better than Andrew Luck
A thousand thanks for tweeting about us!
Singing Preachers know how to start a
National champs!
and their self-important books probably would cost students 100 bucks a pop
Wats good then Z-BO!!
awe thanks. :-) sorry for the late reply... how did you like it?
Log On : www.discountdw.com . Get 10% OFF using coupon code : DEAL3950 on purchase of doors , windows or hardware
damn b! Lol
can't sleep way too excited to be meeting TONIGHT holy shit! its 5am i need sleep
your show tonight was great I cried at the end
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3©
I would move it because why support a state that is liberal on some issues and red on others I vote move
True compassion puts love into action.
LOL RT : Making my famous 7-layer dip today. FYI it's not famous cuz it's good, it's famous cuz it made a sex tape with Ray J.
My uncle drove around the yard in his truck and drove into a tree
my pov video of superman at six flags has 27,000 views on YouTube omg
Yes. DEFINES "drop-dead gorgeous." That photo is just perfection. He is a man I might have wasted my life over in that era.
well I'm mother marbles & I think she's hysterical also a magical cupcake rainbow unicorn
it's bothering the fudge out of me!!
RT RT : Double Door Green Room
In Clifton for the day 🚗🚥⚠
I had neighbors like that. I went and sat in the hall with a beer and bag of chips and watched. They got the hint.
#MyBestFriendsOf2011 Are the ones who where there for me 100% u no who u are
States states states
Thats awesome! Very much appreciated
lol she had blond hair too haha... Excuse me sorry but yeah I never worked on a blond be for but like damn Lil homie
RT "If you want to be powerful you have to start by thinking great thoughts, saying great words, and doing great things."
thanks so much! Glad you're enjoying it :)
Have encountered fallen-from-the-nest baby birds twice today. What is this an omen of?
only cuz you wouldn't start the timer over for me!!! I'm pretty sure I would have one if it weren't for that little incident:)
you seem to have the hang of it...
Nothing like using Bacon grease on pan-fried potatoes & onions!
Hi! Up early and on the radio this morning! I'm pretty sure that beats Black Friday shopping!
Our generation can end extreme #poverty around the globe..
How to freak people out: 1. empty out a Windex bottle and clean it. 2. fill it with blue Gatorade. 3. spray it in your mouth in public
I'm cheering for Miss California.
I'm seeing Defense Against the Dark Arts: ESAPI at SXSW 2012.
Tobias Fünke has applied at Penn State.
Yes, we created fertile ground where disgruntled "dissidents" would rise up to defend civil liberties, justice.
you know we partyin
GoodMorning <3 . Have a good day ! :D
Tonight we're getting chicken from KFC so my youngest can wear the bucket on his head for Halloween.
yesir did sign. He's back.
thanks. Yeah - its a cool little tour. Makes me hungry every time I go on it.
You can't repay a miracle... & I am no good on the front line if I'm sleeping on my sword... Continued next tweet
“: naw we need them to win.. Double F the Giants”u jus took it to far the jets aight but giants u gone learn
When u have to pee but don't feel like getting up<<<
you are seriously a God!!!!
I am going to have to start acting out scenes again! He pulled off another epic drunk scene. Go turn it on Bri!
My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the tornadoes today in Texas.
oh that makes sense, haha. well imma sleep, nighty
I hear you. Obscene. Now if that money was going to his DAD for a new movie...
Blog Writing is happening! Let me know what you need! Custom Property descriptions and more!
Home Games online. www.pokerstars.com Home Games tab Click 'Join a Poker Club' button Club ID 212272 Code: domains2011
Just got super pumped for the game Saturday.
Onions can boost your immune system, but kill your relationships.
Oh my goodness! I cannot wait to come and enjoy Chef Menesana wonder food and sip some cocktails... have a patio?
The fliest shirts I have done yet and the C.A won't let me post pics...truthfully, I prefer my Paypal growing over posting pics :)
I'll fix it! I'm sorry :( lol
fresh to death?
Thanks! Soon
Low key for real my nig
TY! RT : RT : The reason some people have no room for wisdom is because they are too full of judgment.
Heard is going with different broadcast crew for #TNF Great and much needed move, looking forward to it even more now
Nothing like a late medicine run..
Yeah but we clean up real nice.
BAHAHAHAHAHHAA True, true!! Better wrapp your presents before you put it in someone gift box!! ;)
Excited to hear you on "Greening Your Restaurant Plan"
In the circle of successful living, prayer is the hub that holds the wheel together. - Mark Batterson "The Circle Maker"
played goalie in HS but I can also play d. You?
Ah crap its happening again I'm in need of a cupcake!!!!!!
We are on break! Don't be late!
99.52 - 99.16....Santonio Holmes vs. Jets DEF. Should I wait for the heart attack or just jump off a bridge now?
Looking forward to an exciting wk.: 3 days of wrkshps. 3 org. teams & coaching individual clients as well. Need synergy
CO Senate debating SB46, bill to ease school zero tolerance discipline policies.
Write this commercial... Then I have to find something for this internship fair tomorrow..
"For every book title I find both italicized and in quotation marks, I shall kill you."
new world stages in NYC. :)
Spent the rest of yesterday afternoon making QR codes and trying to locate some drug stats.
It's a career year so far, but he has broken .500 SLG twice in his career, so ... but yah RT : Adam LaRoche is slugging .595.
Join us for a coffee break in 3 minutes, and hear all the great testimonies!! (347) 855-8377
My wife is so excited about seeing #hungergames tonite she might explode! #priorities?
is definitely my favorite actress under 20 at the moment. such sass! 💃
C'mon Cowboys, don't lose it now!! C'mon DEFENSE!!
G'day mate! It's Australia Day and we're excited for the Australia Ambassador Kim Beazley to the US to visit the today!
America's oldest teenager passed away today. RIP Dick Clark.
It's going to be fucked up if I'm late, because I woke up hella early!
Henry Ward Beecher~ Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself.
Watching Mr.3000, sighting!!
I hope you know, the phone works both ways....
I am so pumped!!!
I move in about 2 1/2 weeks ... wow.
Isn't the "HEY! You suck" a Nashville thing?
Come on out to Jazz/Funk class tonight at 8pm. You'll be glad you came.
GREAT JOB!!!!! I am so proud to be a Cardinal Fan!!!
It's been a freakin horrible day.
Thanks for joining us and our wonderful guest tonight!
I'm an inter-reactor. I'm reacting to your post and need the BeautifyMe. Thanks
Playing release around NevilleWood with my gurrlss
Fun competition! Next you need to have a comp. for all the fans back in SA!! Good luck tomorrow! ✌
When every life’s moment / Was a bitter romance / That was back then / When I used to dance…
It's time to get your new Spring color! highlights $65, color $55. Call 702-823-4800
yes. Like right now.
Husband: "Want a quickie?" Wife: "As opposed to what?"
I love the Cape! Great, now I'm daydreaming of my summer vacation.
Pirates are now 13-5 in their last 18 home fireworks games as discussed on the TribLIVE Radio Pirates Pre-Game Show today.
Yessir #missinglink and #everythingmustchange need to be dropped. They are getting old ovahea
ha RT: Treating your new handbag like its your first born.
Dreaming about making films without regards to budget or what anyone else thinks-Liberating- need to manifest (soon)
Happy Mother's Day. you're pretty cool mom. love you <3
enjoyed your post! Resonated w/ me -> "It's your ability 2 generate meaningful relationships & community." #WorkIt ;)
I WANNA SEE YOUR LOVELY FACE. hang with kt son?,me you her sleepover movie night? (:
that's why I always carry a flamethrower!
Cars really need to learn to drive themselves
And it is entirely too humid outside right now. My hair is going to be a hot mess tonight.
wrapping up a great two days at #4C12. Aside from the awesomely fun Bedford party, a few other highlights were... [+]
I just heard a girl in my class say this to her friend, rhyme " throw up your food and you'll look good nude." not good, not good at all
lol no she's
“: Jean jackets are such a staple right now!"
He's the kind of man a woman would have to marry to get rid of.
Hunter Myers listed scholarship offers from Nevada, U.C. Davis and Idaho.
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut
Wow!!!! Simply ROCKIN' dress and overall style, Diane...kudos, Julian! ;)
: #Sagittarius tend to be the best people around.
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "We are not promise tomorrow, so make today a great day"
where are you now??? like your here already?!
yeah I though I remembered that too! Lol
Everybody's waiting, everybody's watching, even when your sleeping, keep your eyes open.
I've been digging these partial leg warmer things that make it look like you have knee socks on with boots.
I feel like I'm stuck in an academic "groundhog day"
HOW TO OUTLIVE YOUR LIVER BY:
Girls in Family Law Class in #lawschool always side with the woman. Don't argue, you know I'm right.
Nice! Heard of reelPROs? Friend really likes them - CD and agent workshops. Trying my first this Wed. Let you know what I think.
I need Thee Oh I need thee...
Phantom of the Opera, here I come!
Former Cubs GM Jim Hendry named asst. to Yanks GM Cashman. Hendry to bring coffee & other goodies to the GM.
This juice im drinking hitting the spot.
Love your work, appreciate your focus. Blessings!
When was the last time the Sox won 4 in a row on the west coast
Where is the "what what what are you doing with your life" gif when you need it?!
well, at least I did when I used to write things :)
Keep your ears open for the new mixed CD from Xtamina Energy Drink any new hot joints you got keep me posted or send them to me...
Yaaaay! I hit 3,000 followers! Thanks to everyone♥ And thanks to all my wonderful fans who keep tweeting me the sweetest things asdfghjkl;
who knows.
facilitating a session on advanced development and use of personas.
Italians call it 'Umbioco' its a great word for food coma.
If Steve Wynn wants his supervisor to make more money he should raise their salaries instead of taking money from the dealer's tips.
haha cool c:
Haha you're ultra gay, Thomas. -_-
-- Smart people use their creative minds to AVOID jury duty, my friend
Researching the Platonic Solids for logo work: Cube, D20, Surge Can, Beiberhedron, Sphere and Cowboy Hat.
I love you all
Well I personally don't care
So so sad about #whitneyhouston. She was one of the great voices of my generation along with michael jackson and prince. Rest in peace.
you should come to a game with me then :P
Thanks Nicole. We updated the loading screen -- we had the wrong file loaded and hadn't realized until you saved the day!
Pessimists have already begun to worry about what is going to replace automation
Obama was in LA and went to Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles. In his best Harvard voice, he asked for the "Country-Boy Breakfast." That's funny.
HEY TRINA HOW IS IT GOIN ON THIS LOVELY FRIDAY
I may be 1st in line on NW 23rd tomorrow - love, love, love what they do...
if its lovin that you want ~~
I think a girl looks best when she's self confident, and smiles plenty. Makes her different from the rest of them out there.
Omni hotel #sxswi stop seems to be a miss. Third shuttle passes that is full.
Congrats Kirk Cousins best 3 years of being a Spartan fan
i'm going to beat you like a red headed step child.
Ideally, business copywriters will have core SEO knowledge and capabilities
“: if she forgot her fake ID #shestooyoungforyoubro” ya I stopped being forgetful at 20... Lolz
Bakersfield show was o much fun! So glad I got to meet you! :)
I always liked lightroom better, but I've heard good things about both
:( miss this!! have fun! RT : Tonight is the night!! Senior buddy reveal and wills - we don't want to see our seniors go!...
Kenyon Martin still in the NBA
We shouldn't have to live in the shadows of society :) RT Thanks for following! > Did I tell you I like corny jokes?!
A new nadir in your writing career: when you're writing your own fanfic, or writing your own 30 Second Bunny Theater?
If you like to have Fliers brought to you... let us know!
#Son RT : When some1 is able to see their worth & beauty.....others will start to acknowledge it as well.
Watching #MasterChef. I would love to eat some of these dishes that are prepared. Lots of #seafood in these shows. Yummy!
I just finished a 3.45 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Just did week 6, day 2 of #c25k with !
What does that have to do with the price of tea in China?
Well hello
Can't wait! RT : Just came from a screening of THE AVENGERS. Predict it's going to hit very very big. Lots of fun here!
Tomorrow will be the biggest full moon of the year. Stay off the moors and stick to the roads.
Did you hear about the home from "Home Alone" is up for sale? $2.4 million near Chicago. For that price I'd want McCauley to be my butler
Ah gym kicked my ass!
The Fray is perfect.
OKC! Wow, what a game. Really like both teams in this series. But, might be OKC's year. Great crowd. Fantastic.
my plesh ms. i see you're practicing the one handed whistle there in your pic : )
have u checked out The new single #iaintnoquitter from ur fellow Texan?
You also have to check out the 4 gusty girls blogging about their QLC's @ stratejoy.com & follow them on their journeys!! :)
LegalZoom is like learning martial arts through a video. You learn the basics, but you'll likely miss details needed to defend yourself.
im happy for you guys too!! which show are you going to?
*deletes tweet* lol
have a great show today! Love you guys!
try an app called yelp. congrats on yr success. keep it up...
#packers should pick another player on defense in round 2.
Any other #Heritage or #Archaeology folks attending #Unite? Finally a conference I'm really looking forwards to.
So much for the dignity of *people*
I had way to much sugar last night.
Your Moms dental bridge is the same width as my...
Is The Best Band Ever!!!!!
Thank you! RT not sure when updated their site, but it looks great!
Lol remembered my password.
RT Looking for passionate #UXers to join an #ignite talk on how to be a #UX Leader #UPA2012 vegas+motivate+UX=good times
The elliptical looked like a crime scene when he got done with it.
Q2. Dont take for granted ur health. If u see signs of something coming on. Dont ignore Think of u.
I'm done with you!😡
will miss you on the airwaves, the amount of music I've discovered on your show is mindblowing, from Harumi to George McCrae
knowing he was a waste of my time isnt a shocker to me! but now i can finally sleep good at night knowing i did nothing wrong!
lool I know I love them! I'm just making a point that they have a tendency to make over dramatic songs
Shopping With Mommy <3
because I'm cooler than you.
I wouldn't be surprised if I wake up tomorrow with a bright pink scalp.
TOMORROW. July 20th. Station 4. Cya there. I Call Fives + Thieves and Villains + Every You + New Fable February + My Lady Four + Us!
Time to watch baseball dots. Pumped.
What a treat to see you ! And know that I figured you for a Madison PR professional...we want to keep our best and brightest!
follow me goodbye
I disagree--e-readers are better for travel, like on public transportation. It depends on use. I have both.
Heading to the Cape so I can be Boston bound. Does that make sense?
Going to bed knowing is in first place is a great feeling! #TeamDenison <3
I dislike fans who turn their backs on their team just because we didn't win once. Just because we tied doesn't mean we're shit forzajuve
oh man it turned out amazing. Glad I put a little sriracha in the sauce :)
U2 sound checks coming in loud and clear from my yard.
People on coke have a lot in common with people that I don't like.
": The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. -Franklin D. Roosevelt #quote"
You can identify your #genetic #health risks and fight them with a change in #diet and
Maybe that is my problem, I need to end my vacation from Music and take my mind of all this other mess life throws at u lol
you were just saying what most of us were thinking. Pens don't look threatening at all.
That is bullshit! Every kiss does not began with Kay.
Hey New Mexico Republican campaign headquarters...
If you look for something bad, you'll find it
I'm doing fine also
learn to live && let live
STILL HOPING THE #KNICKS PULL WHAT THE RED SUX PULLED IN 04' I WONT GIVE UP YET!
There are a lot of reasons not to :) I found almost all of them.
I'm excited for the Duarte Gear tab! Looking forward to rockin' a Duarte shirt into a meeting.
Hey. Seagulls eat mice? Wow. Never knew that. Thought they were all about the seafood. New insights from middle America. Thanks.
#Dallas wants it more, game over
#backslider New Girl 😍
well so far. not too much yet. but i'm going out partying tonight
I was there. Nice pieces. “: The art gallery show at 1111 Hollins St was awesome.”
JUSTICE FOR "O Head YOU STILL ON "IM On" FREESTYLE (OFFICIAL VIDEO)" on YouTube...
Anyone think I'd get good tips if I opened up a Kool-Aid stand in the ghetto?
Who recommended it, if I may ask?
Thanks for following me :) How are you girl??
JEALOUS JEALOUS JEALOUS haha have fun!! I'll miss you this week! 😜
watching no country for old men
have a good week ladies!
It takes your enemy and your friend, working together, to hurt you: the one to slander you, and the other to bring the news to you.
Oh damn. Time change tonight.
Nag nag nag, blah blah blah..that's all I hear from you.
indy looks great tonight -- best super bowl destination? could be.
Yes...Mavs win!!
Any other youth sports #coaches out there?
Thanks. Morae is too spendy for my needs. I've used Captivate for screencasts (3-4 yrs ago) but not lately.
Sitting at lunch at Kyoto and Jim Henderson is at the table next to me.
It takes less than death to kill a man.
Feeling the impending loss of a friend who seems to be losing his battle with cancer...feeling at sea.
Finally my twitter app is working again(;
Love that song! Things are going well. How is Iowa?
May the 4th be with you
For one-off reports, a simple text or HTML page would work just fine. No need to over-engineer.
Proved once again: when rain soaked, can't get more wet from there. OK, Chi Town Half Marathon--see you next Sunday.
Was you happy when watching the End of an Era match. Was u satify by how it looked and how fans acted towards it?
Remember when left a queef stain on my bed? Dirty bitch alert
Shoot - we dropped cookies off at a shelter before we heard back from you. So sorry. :[
May 7 – May 14: Follow/RT to enter to win one (1) $25 Amazon gift card per day and one (1) iWOW-U device at the end of the week.
Dammit, I want a Mulligan!
crazy weekend
i agree celebs should do tweet for charity
do tell :)
They all going to bed its 9 a clock!!!
Kilts and sporrans everywhere.
You guys inspire me so much even though i'm only 12You guys prove to everyone that you could live your dream please follow me♥
New year and god keeps blessing...im so thankful...jesusiseverything.com
I HIT TWEET LIMIT FML.
S/o to for being my most recent follower!
kris I'm obsessed
*** interview/auditions for Fall 2012 Will be held: Friday, April 13th, and April 20th Noon-1:00pm RT
Great movie!
lol..fuck you...I spell it how I want..next time ima spell it O L I V I A
Insomnia like crazy...
Can I just say that it is way too freakin' warm outside for March 15?!
I agree, busy time of year indeed! Just got our pics done so I can be on top of it. When was your daughter's bday?
In a good way.
Conference calls all day, strategizing all night.
RIP Junior Seau
“: I wish Zumiez carried your shit <3 that'd be fucking awesome <3” hopefully one day!
MT : Is it bc I'm new? Do natives just accept 's awful service? Do they not know that other cities have good trans?
Stars are like the eyes looking down on me.
Tomorrow we'll be selling donuts and sunny D in the morning! Bring money!!
off to data center for backups before starting any real work
It wouldnt let me put the profile pic i want ): ohh well this will have to do for now.
Live as you will have wished to have lived when you are dying. -Christian Furchtegott Gellert
What's the over/under on the number of Dick Clark facelifts?
I'll never believe that statement, but I appreciate your clucking kind words.
Days like this I am honored to be a mom and for no particular reason...just because they are sitting next to me & are just perfect!
Bring soldiers home from Afghanistan and put them to work building our clean energy system. Its a win, win.
done. I have a free flight I can use any time.
Check this out! Fairy Godmothers Of Delaware spotlighted!
Happy to offer my 2 cents! Congrats again and enjoy the journey! Looking forward to reading about all you get into!
Inman Park Festival today! It is the coolest day I've ever seen at this festival! Come say hello!
I know I've already asked, but what kind?
Interesting if true
Is Blackberry/RIM out of commission in Miami? Can't send or receive.
TY for the follows:
I'm not nearly as hot as DaveGrohl.
There was always a line stuck in your head that was said in a way you wished you could've said But you both knew they were singin' it right
u sure u dnt mean cuz my phone dnt ring wit yo name on it
do your thing
bed time prep time? Thats a thing? I'm so screwed when that baby is born.
Presenting the veterans benefit finder!
Nothing to do tonight? Come down to Ryan Braun's and show support for the Fresh Coast Classic, starts at 6pm! See you there!
S/O ON THAT NEW MIXTAPE!
happy valentines day
Tell mum I bought some pink fizz at Costco yesterday.
Following 's mom because yolo.
YES!!! Once again......rescued by The Rassinators! :)
This week's #NYK Jeremy Lin hype reminds me of long ago 1st wk of #Blazers Billy Ray Bates career
I just want to cry.
It's "dog bites man" vs. "man bites dog". Which is more newsworthy?
Keep getting showing up in "Who to Follow" as promoted. Doesn't make sense.
$50 tourney with 300+ runners tonite. In need of some of that #goodjuju first place might pay my kids Christmas ;)
i'm from the US
Apparently not.
Sure I did! Mine is veebones. :)
As always if I've missed anyone out.. Feel free to go #FF yourselves ;)
girl im just now seeing this Tweet from Dec, LOL convinced me to get bk on here, im so behind
Steve's Asian voice lmfao
Oh I am so jealous RT : I just tried out 3 kayaks at the OutdoorProvision kayak test day. Lots if fun and very warm....
#1DAddSeattleTourDate It's only fair. We were part of the challenges in case you guys forgot.
hahahahhahahaha are you calling me a band whore?
Looking at shrek with the kid.
Who wants a giveaway?
Uh, yeah, all of the rest of the #Twitteratur info is in German, so good luck trying to figure that out. I'm not helping.
if you are having to get you headbands specially made. it might be time to just let hair go all around
SUPER HAPPY #HIMYMothersDay ! MY MOM IS LEGEN.. WAIT FOR IT... DARY! LEGENDARY!
I'm great, thanks! I've been editing like a madwoman. :-) How are you? Have you been watching Idol?
cool thx, just sent an email.
but either way im so excited for this weekend! i gotta cruz bro! see you saturday!
Happy Birthday from Alaska. It's only been for 18 minutes here!
getting ready for work :/
In my 5 sections of #LIB100 one student defined "abstract" terribly wrong. He writes, "an abstract is when something is mysterious"...oh no!
Cheers for the RT, much appreciated.
Grinding till I can put my mom in that Benz and get her the house I promised her since I was 10.
you are a special one.
My greatest work to date, "Dollar and a Dream," is available wherever Cds r sold online. Support the dream and get one today.
I was in high school and living in far southern MN when I discovered this shit. Now I'm 26. What happened to MNSpeak?
Video chatted with him al day(':
I have an all new respect for what my sister does for a living.
Why do programmers always get Christmas and Halloween mixed up?Because DEC 25 = OCT 31
HANDS UP!!! PRAISE JESUS! AMEN! I LOVE JESUS!!
omg the slurpee baja blast sounds insanely awesome
Making an appointment is key. I was just at Glendale and got my shit taken care of in about 15 minutes.
Stories drive change, use them! #smss12 >>LOVE stories! :) via
yup... The list goes on.
Here's to 5 years with my beautiful wife!
Ive bn supet b z but yet i feel great ;) loving my life!
The Power of Networking does a business GOOD! Thanx 4 today's invite & social media tips. I am looking 4ward to the next mtg.
I'd say we play somewheree in the range of 745- 930. Not sure yet.
Seeing Titanic in 3D was an excellent idea... mainly because of the scene where Leonardo DiCaprio is drawing Kate Winslet nude on the couch.
RT Glasses are my KISS make-up.
New York has lot of British people and it's pretty cool to talk to them like the ones I met on the ferry in new York yesterday were way cool
Just received a copy of Hamlet in Mongolian: Cyrillic alphabet!
The countdown is on, 8 days to go until we take off. Currently working on the new site and the first video of many.
I want you through everything.
IE never works for anything anymore. It sucks. lol. Try Chrome or Fire Fox.
Out here!! U gotta find me.
Ok, husband says we're just doing hitch. That's ok, it'll be more versatile for other transporting of objects, such as children, lol
. Ready for another installment of #SeinfeldDerbyHorseNames this year?
#richardcheese #summerfest why is this not a thing yet?
Thanks much! Keep watch here and we'll let you know when we launch.
Lmao girl I'm late -_- lol I hope I'm not late for actual practice
You're welcome Darrell! Happy Holidays!
I need to
Rick Santorum is out? I'm disappointed-- not because I support him, but because I don't.
Nice of you to say so. Big thanks.
Running iTunes on an iPad sucks!!!! They need to fix this booted crap
Mom = The woman who made sure you had everything you ever wanted... Dad = The guy who goes in and out of your life, then dies.
Fucking drill weekend. Shoot me.
I keep getting "Network Error" after I log in
This math homework<<
Breakfast this morning - - Do-Dah's Donuts in Jackson, TN
Just write about my Shiva statue! You sure seemed to be an expert on that last night!
like angry boirds. >:>
reading for pleasure is such a great way for a kid to dscover joy.
ole girl sayai life changes fast..hmm that can be true
is watching Step Brothers with :) talk to uss!
Thanks for the interview! You're awesome, and your contributions to the web community are much appreciated.
Out and about in this glorious city!
I ate there once because I had a coupon. Had to throw my clothes in the washer immediately afterwards! I call it Stinky Rice.
Thanks you too!
You are awesome too.
Dear water. I love you.
Yes. I was.
Interview in half an hour. I am as prepared as possible but the jitters are setting in.
There will be other focus group opporunities in the future
hey babes! Umm would you tell me in which country ya live in Asia? And at wha time can I talk to you? Please ;) LOVE YA
Book your #holiday party w/ us & let us do the planning. Call for more details today: (619) 224-1234
how i talked to you when you gave me a hug
We have all thought this at one time :)
whatever works best for you,
Spotted: The lovely at our location. Find her on the women's floor until 5 pm, and design your own necklace with her.
no prob! i'm excited to see more about the project! have fun!
LOVE this show!
All men were created to lead but we needed Somebody to lead us.
Its on
Your welcome.
Good morning people...tip of the day...register to Vote..if you haven't already!
#IFindThatAttractive independent. Got a job, car, goin to school, payin bills >>>
wow. Amazing. RT : 21 underclassmen went undrafted this year. 12 took marketing advances over 10k...
WHEN TAKING CHANCES U HAVE 2 BE ABLE TAKE LOSSES... CAUSE TAKING CHANCES IS THE ONLY WAY 2 WIN. ~TUNZ~
a 3.0 liter motor sounds relatively anemic when its displacement is converted to cubic inches :/
The only people I've hung with since moving to NY are the family of the oldest record store in NY. And the stories...#gravitationalpull 💗
On sum Christopher Wallace shit 2day
thank you 😊
Research has shown that music reduces anxiety and depression. Go play some music!
YAHOO!! RT : Pleased to announce that as of today, we are officially funding abortion care in #NJ Thanks for your support!
If ever tweeted me... Just the thought of it makes me so happy<3
go blues
Excited to work with the DAO girls today!!
The point is that it's a "flip flop," not an "evolution."
my sisters graduation.
P.S. Antica Pizzeria on Victoria Avenue in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada has the World's Best Pizza (Wood Oven)!!! Try it!! :)
oh, no doubt. My wife & son are going to game tomorrow night w/ wife's work. I blew it off. He'd rather go more than I would
don't .... Me, you heard me little Frankie
sorry but still not good enough to go all the way. This was a breakout year and I don't think they will keep it up
But I do hope the second (& there will be a 2nd... Just don't leave right away when it's over) will be way more better.
Everyday is another day of bringing hope at the Phil's Friends office. Please pray for all of the cancer patients we serve.
Kryme in the booth
My new dining room table has swivel chairs!! We !!!
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears and your actions be louder than your words. All day, every day!
The last thing I won't to do is hurt you but its still on the list
Some of my lovely followers should tweet me(;
really looking forward to it, just hope he gets as much from it as possible
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
James and I are heading out to meet up with Kris... get some greasy taters.
Bruuhh I've had a two day hangover. I feel like shit and now I'm super sick. Wtfffff.
Dying. I am dying.
Ooh that is so much better!
Out with the fam.
one's in program, one's in teacher. like the year steven and I went.
Thanks for following
It's silly season.
thats awesome wheeler
Finally decided to purchase underwater camera! Yes!
Check out her entry 'T is for TOGA!' 26th.theabcsofdeath.com/t-is-for-toga/ Watch, Enjoy & Vote!
Absolutely perfect. That song literally just came on
Off for the weekend...
taking you DOWN tomorrow night!
itsSoberTime lol;) GREAT seeing you tonight bro! keep doing what you do!
"Here with analysis is Herman Cain.." WTF? How much analysis can a guy, who didn't even know about Libya, provide?!
Checking out the two best football teams in Nevada tonight: Gorman vs Palo. Sunset Regional Championship. Should be a good one.
We are checking out the snow flurry out the garage window. What wine should you be drinking right now?
Shocker your from Philly?
If you need some protips, let me know.
we got 9 scores recorded for you (gxmig)
no Remer does not do needs analysis or technical studies. There are several major moving parts to this to understand all costs.
My cat just sat on my head.
House full of 11 year olds. No drinking for us tonight :-(
Thank you all for coming out Sunday night! a great success the performers were so impressive. W/ the money we raised we got insured today!
it was great having you serve delicious wraps tonight!
Your momma don't dance and your daddy don't rocknroll.
you were always cool c:
Guess whose the new features editor for The Paisano?! ME of course!! Yay
spencer. shutup. & would it be close?
How are you spending your #FollowFriday today? I'm here for the last day of the Pet Industry Trade Show with PetLife Organic!
so when you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two let my love take you higher
I believe it is
Hey Baton Rouge we have a show next Saturday! Who's coming???
you in NYC this week? If so, I have an invite for you!
Grizzlies got this!!
#NewMusicTuesday, who's on deck?
A book must be the ax for the frozen sea within us. Franz Kafka
I have a million questions but I should wait until I have more followers.
Tweeting from the car... What are people afraid of?
Come on guys!!! Let's least hit a thousand!!! Follow
Thank you!
Big plans in process! Stay tuned.
If it wasn't for the amazing static cling power of the Swiffer, I'd never get this Dashboard Confessionals song out of my head. #amibalding?
Of course not, ... Guitarists can count. : P
Everyone saying I would cry if I love the guy to but I wouldn't cry I'd have a heart attack! RT me?
seriously confused why traffic is at a dead stop at 330.. now I remember why I moved south
Me and talkin about 's letter we got today an she goes "stamp!" and hits herself in the leg really hard. Haha
#ImAStanBecause he took Yelawolf under his wing and look where he is now
Absolutely right. We weren't clear we got an exclusive look in U.S. Video was from a showing in Barcelona. Post updated with link
I just want people to mind their own damn business and let me do what ima do .
Nap before class
“: The human race can be divided into two groups: those who cherish Little Serow, and those who do not enjoy being alive.” heh heh
“My mama always used 2 tell me some friends R just strangers under the shade in due time best friends will become strangers it was written."
I'm not goin!!! Party!
Using data viz (social network graph) to raise qualitative questions about learning - Kiley Larson
it looks like your going to be quite tired for the next ten days!
yeah sup.
Word is essentially like a 1950's housewife. : Microsoft Word, how you gon squiggly redline the word "queerphobic?"
i guess shit happens.
The #FridayNightLights series finale is—like the series itself—pretty close to perfect. Why do so many other shows screw up final episodes?
I just rocked some awesome #Yoga!!
Great post on the top qualities of remarkable entrepreneurs, social enterpreneurs, BOPreneurs, .......
Go to the internet and narrow down the search criteria to San Diego.
RT : Overheard : Look, the yeti ate a guy...that's so cool!
So tired. Been up since 4:30am... One hour til we get home.
#Instagram: mysquanda . If you wanna look at the nail art #Instagram: nailnista_
Spotter reports a tornado 3 miles north of Sherburn in Martin County, MN.
youd be Sandy Cheeks
Hi Corina! It was great to meet you last night at NYCAP. Thanks for the information. I look forward to hearing from you.
ha, great, thank you!
Same here!! I need some stylish ideas from you!!
in Oklahoma City, is doing a gorgeous/yummy Harry Potter theme too! Check them out!
Twitter open-sources its MySQL tweaks: Microblogging site reveals some of the enhancements it's made to the database technology it us...
Good Swirly morning to you #NOLA!!
#BGC8 who is this girl at the reunion stage? Gia thinks she is just it! wit her electrical socket Rats nest! The audience is beaten ur ass
so true lindog
I LOVE 2011
I'm too busy watchin Lil Mama cry
Wow my sister is so fucking mature -_-
In green pastures You let me graze; to safe waters You lead me; - (Psalm 23:2)
Depends how kinky Mom is.
Only one team in the NBA
I'm not lol I'm the only heat that's representing I got their back
We had a great day today working in Sebring
you are up bright and early my friend. :) feel free to swing by with a skinny vanilla latte...
Gotta go to the police Station at like 915 to answer some questions..........
can I still pick you up or is it too late ?
any good music in Boulder tonight?...any boulder bands using twitter to promote themselves in CO?...to the world?
for real? Cuz it sucks here today, it's slow, everyone's coming in with returns...
Loved this! Thanks
Meg, Thank you for the retweet ! - Mark
TONIGHT! Join us for a heart-healthy Happy Hour in the Pearl! Complete our passport program & receive a Yelp swag bag!...
I can't sleep uuuuggghhh
: Long time no tweet for sure! Miss ya muchly! :)
hi there, are you booked for Thursday? I want to try and make it :)
My mom just asked me if the new york dodgers were playing in the superbowl tonite! Im so happy my mom is so super sport intelligent!
less than a week away - Temple London Spring 2010 applications due October 1st! email us at , you still have time!
tonight's "let them eat Sunday" is going to be epic
Let us know when you solidify a date and if we are here we can all meet up!
The bluffer had 78o and AKo (AK high) called the bluff. Ace high won
ramen noodles and instant mashed potatoes for lunch. doesn't get much more #college than that. unless you're eating nothing 4 lack of money.
If u have a bf and love him but other guys want u and in a way u want them and u don't know wut to do say ur not ready for commitment?
Accidentally referred to one of my coworkers as, "that kinky ass chick who gets it- gets it..yeah yeah" Needless to say that didnt fly. FMP
yep. Do you know him?
Today, Krav Maga is widely practiced by a number of people
getting thousands of tweets i'll be able to reply to few people and mostly my friends so all the other hate tweets no comment :p
What's for lunch #Cincinnati ??
Problem is, so is he.
Great pic! Have a blast!
Trolling, because I can't sleep.
I'm not trying to risk it
I don't feel like getting ready .
it would definitely make her single.
Wine Tasting 101: Palate cont: Wood notes, vanilla, toffee, coffee, chocolate. Earth notes. Rocks, minerals, chalk, slate, fertile soils,
omg i haven't been on in a while!
cute! Awkward with class! Just how I love it!
Woohooo!! Can't wait to have you!! Who else is ready for #UC2016 ?! RT : READY TO BE A BEARCAT2012
follow he absolutely loves you!
I just wanna make you dance...its my only goal in life.
thanks love! my creativity depends on staying busy.
Vampires Suck...so funny...Awesome♥
What if the Dodge brothers hadn't died young? (love this question)
. Congrats on being Livingston Awards finalist!! Well deserved!
Guess im heading to bed got to get up early to go see him <3 (:
Listening to a playlist of lame overproduced jingles with my bf *sings* BRECIA UNIVERSITY!
Please follow hes so close to 50k! Yayyy! :D
thank you :)
Seth Macfarlane knows me far too well.
Twitter changes lives
“I don’t want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well”
they only state the Typical i mean shid not even kobe was clutch when he first started so i mean Everybody matures
oh god your eyes are like 2 different ways
#BIN2011 has inspired me to revive my personal Twitter account...we'll see how long it lasts!
Lord Jesus! Please send a shower of rain down today!
yeah I'm doing the same colors.I can't wait for the yellow and oranges!! :)I'm not looking forward to shading the back of my arm
The only thing that's keeping me from crapping my pants right now is that I'm not wearing any.
Im out people of all races
Keep an eye out. Our Hank IV video drops TOMORROW!!
I hate white watches.
Dear followers, I've decided I want to teach a course on "epistolary rhetoric." If that's not a real thing yet, I just made it one. Love, CB
see! I'm in the majority with so many fixed speed camera tickets!
... Are you on water?
Sounds good! Work approved my time off, so it's just a matter of buying my ticket and shit. Fire and Ice..we moshin'
gonna miss my dude. Enjoy your days in htown fam.
Join us with 5/3 Bank Thurs, Friday, & Sat 12-2PM! Free Credit report and more...plus giveaways! Details on WAMO100 FB page!
"And remember, I am with you always, to the end of the age" Matt. 28:20
#Trueconfessions I've never left-a-penny.
thx for the follow advice ... now following all on the list
No one addresses the ugly elephant in the room! Does Mama Zolziak have an eating disorder? Her face is sunk in.
Every time I see Lee Taemin's face I cry, don't judge hammie.
You heard it here. "We have the flexibility to move together."
were going tuesday to the shelter #getready for a new tah and nononoo its my birthday we can't be in sad mood will remember at ♥
I would be the perfect dinner guest - I bring wine to potlucks & know a great florist!
my hands are bleeding from all the drawing in the past 24 hours but i am heading for round twop
No, it's BS because everyone watches a movie about something that's been happening for years and now thinks they can stop it.
flyin home to Chicago !
re: SM- "If I can do it- I'm a federal bureaucrat!- then anyone can"
Happy Birthday!
#Niam and #Ziam are tied as of right now... That's cause everyone looks so damn cute with <3
Love you too girl ❤
University professors won't do anything unless there's a grant involved.
Scotty we're coming for you!
But then you get to wear hoodies and beanies! <3
just added Boggs to my fantasy team, was that the right move #stlcards fans?
That bastard. Never fails lol RT : Jack Daniels you win again...you always do
i wouldn't mind if things were simple i really wouldn't
Now the world can see why the owners cried like little girls when they found out Kobe and CP3 were going to be on the same team.
WELL GUEST WHAT I JUST HAD LOBSTER DINNER LOL
Why do people use hand motions when talking on the phone?
Shout out to Hybrid.. He's about to take over the hip hop industry..
come party with us, and in Boston!
Such a good time!
Is anyone sick of Lady Gaga????
RAN a 5k this morning ! I thought and the guys at the stadium would appreciate that 😉
Awesome, me too! ;-)
. Thanks, Jessica! Cannot wait to see you! Will keep you updated along my trip!
The voice of #ny in the building Angie Martinez
Now she want to drive
Glad I found you on twitter!
This Saturday is the Release of the new TROS music video for "When Doves Cry"!!
I have a Algebra test today wish me good luck (:
#yum #cheers #missyou a wheat grass shot here would def be
My favorite Emoji --> 👾
The Met offers people a journey through the website as well as the physical space.
Be kind today
Tonight is about to get real with
he's refusing to get in front of the ball like he's in 9th grade or something.
Thank you!
But there you go,you keep holding on to NOTHING
Such a cutie!
Join me today at Nubian Bookstore in Southlake Mall from 1-5 and get my new audiobook "Dollar and a Dream: Succeed or Die Trying."
Here we go -- a second season of The Lying Game! Buckle up for a wild ride!
it is pretty cool - we use in to manage our transaction/email queues and it works like a charm
Dangling details from old digital projects will be the death of me.
Hop to the Bunny Train today !
In June! I'll keep you posted. Trying to work out a schnauzer-sitting gig in Washington Heights.
My new app for iPad/iPhone, Weather Genie, is free today only, just hit #10 in UK
H.O.D You
A couple more days and we out feel me?
how was Game of Shadows?
Dear Stewart Rahr: I saw your photo in Forbes and...you're orange. Maybe you could spend some of your 1.3B on a mirror. Or sunblock.
Looks like everyone enjoyed in the new episode of iNickelodeonShow! Thanks for the nice tweets!
"...yet I will wait quietly..." Habakkuk 3:16. I could definitely learn something from Habakkuk
watching the CSI with ..... pretty good so far!
The very same. RT : you mean Request Tracker?
Just woke up... Still red as a lobster..owwee!!
Thank you, all input and feedback is appreciated!
no prob! what, when and where are you still needing?
man if you dont answer me.!!!
I love that gown.
It's clear that the people are uniting behind their candidate. GOP, MSM elites need to accept the inevitability of the
your welcome. (:
Just shaved off the beard I'd been growing for the last two months. My face looks naked.
My point not about fluff but control of narrative. I find it interesting sex tapes are considered valuable when made public.
- Welcome Kyle! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Spelling bee with and :D
Thanks Felton!!! ugh. Horrible.
Aw shucks! thanks for your support and love.
so excited to see the Fall 2012 Carhartt for Kids line! It would have been more festive if there was snow on the ground...in time
Eavesdropping on a man who regrets not having sold all his possessions to become a roaming storyteller.
This is a great resource! Always need to be re-evaluating web presence... Thank you!
HOLI CELEBRATIONS IN USA..... woww good to see all Indian community at one place... :-))
Its ok, blame me!! lol Umm, not fair that twitter includes our names in how many
Head over to the Museum of the Moving image for the Jim Henson Muppets exhibit. It's just down the street.
☼ The great apparent dichotomy is that the more we give, the more we get...
Good night FBs and Tweets!!
i cant stand fake people
goodnight<3:D
U can do it!!
needs to make a book of just his tweets
Thanks for covering the Global Internet Speedup news!
Fundraiser Last Night of the Proms at Palace Theatre in Newark was a great success! Any ideas for our next fundraiser?
BROTHA ON DA RUN, WENT FROM BRAIDS TO A CEASAR, CUZ STREETS GAVE US BOTH A REALLY BAD DEMEANOR,
Nope, Blake Shelton, but I can see where you'd think Mariah lol
I'm working on patent drawings for clients today
Carter and Kessler
Love, you know, is a funny thing; But the funniest thing about it - Is you never can tell if it is love - Until you start to doubt it.
thanks! I was thinking of leaving the ADDIE model behinds as I'm not there :(
i havent been on twitter in forever..
I knew dat bitch was A
RT if you love !
Yeah it's totally sweet. and I are singing songs and playing jacks.
I want to celebrate Freddie Mercury's birthday, other than Freddie For a Day. I am formulating an idea...will share Monday.
I may just develop an app... mind is working overtime right now... But this may require a bit more research and time
#ImThatPersonWho make the best out of nothing
Night night!!
what other kind of mother is there?
Santa Cruz SPCA, Pet of the Week: Score some Brownie points
volunteers are always needed to walk dogs and help out around the shelter! If interested, stop in and fill out an application.
Hi! Hope you get this!
Just looked at my new followers and saw your butt () just followed me. #NotSureHowToFeel Hahaha.
RT “: If u let it, the stresses of life will defeat u, gather urself, pray hard and keep climbing 🗻”
RT : The heavier the eyelids, the sincerer the words. // <3
is hammered
Dont you remember you told me you loved me baby
Content is King and Engagement is Queen. - Mari Smith
You would think after Huffington Post getting a Pulitzer, I wouldn't have to keep proving that online outlets are worth peoples time.
Going on an Easter Egg hunt! Happy Easter
You can either travel or read, and either your body or soul must be on the way.
you're 13, you're not forever alone
and the pizza is actually tasty!
Lawl you're so ugly
Bring on the "JaMonkey." Paint it, come on, Paint it.
This game blows harder than Cutler
AYE MAN NEED MY RAY BANS
We need to make sure that teenage girls see a bright future!
be safe! “: Aftershocks. Back outside. Tsunami watch at 5 BTW. #chennai #earthquake”
The San Jose is great and all - but I'm dying to check out what they did with their St. Cecelia...www.hotelsaintcecelia.com !
Seriously... This doctor will hear it.. Havnt eaten in a day #COMEON!!!
aww cute :) happy for you :)
(The acting and final quality of the film itself can be very negatively impacted by incomplete dialect work.)
Desire a #nude special getaway $100 per night visit us
I'm so pumped up from the party that I can't sleep. Gonna be a long day at work tomorrow. LOL
BUT...you made it. That's what is key. You brought something new into the world
Just got off the phone with Ryan Smith, can't confirm anything but I hear that his "daughter" likes the SKC kits too!
Win GCs from Aloha Gas, , My Sister's Closet, and more on 9/11! Don’t forget - top prize is $500!
heard you
Today's been interesting, I've been Facebook Conferencing
me too.
Everything that irritates us about others gives us greater understanding about ourselves- Carl Jung
Zols likes Punch in the TEETH!!!!!!!!!! Trust me,i went to college with him...... Big Daddy
Hi! I went to Greece for 10 days. It was awesome! How are you?
From LA to San Diego... Here I come =)
I'm
New Emo Updates posted daily!!! & Have an Nice Day!!! Party It Up!!!
our call for speakers ended in January. We will be accepting proposals for our Fall show in June
Future study: how is feline identity constructed on Twitter? :) e.g. ;)
#ifidiedtommorow id smile for the first time with no negativity fronting the smile
Thank you for featuring 's rebuttal to the latest round of gspot coverage!
Hey Rob Thanks for the follow. Are you going to Houston later this week? MCN is sponsoring there so I will be there.
#dhtrial p atty stated outside that "it's only been a day and a half of actual deliberations" good point. Suck it up jurors. Think it out.
Last day of the year. Make it a good one. Happy NYE, everyone. Stay safe. Have fun.
YES MA'AM
where's the photo?
Watching "In the Heights".
Marty and Nick Jr. Go to America
I still shoot B&W film (though use my DSLR most often) and last summer I learned to develop and print it myself.
Thanks for the congrats and good wishes, Tom. FYI, I won another Koa Hammer (for an op-ed) wearing my hat.
A parrot cussed me out over the phone today, that's a first, how.bout people control their pets lol it was funny though I cant lie
Full retsard status
you got my number dude, ha. RT Drunk.
‎88.9's own Marcus Doucette is spinning at Highbury Milwaukee tonight! Free Show as always.
Today the bus was playing The dead kenedys!
Good idea!
That was awesome!!!!
Thank you for spreading the word! Hope to see you out Sunday night at Bar 721! :)
is refusing to get sick...
bout time you guys give the pacers some love!
More proof kids these days are dumb. RT High school kids have zero attachment to Field House.
we have been told by customers that this new herbal blend lasts from 3 to 5 days. Try your today, satisfaction guarantee.
Less than 60 degrees in work this morning
Thanks for the RT. :) I'm good. Trying to get another book edited. How are you?
When people say "be honest and tell the truth". What they really mean is "tell me what I want to hear"
this girl on stage is thicker than snicker
Rooms Thank you for following us!
I was sold out over jealousy!?! For real!! Come on thought i ment more
Trying to take over the world one day at a time.......
Chicken salad and chai pear juice from one of my favorite lung spots at the Public market!
There you have it. RT : East wins!! 4-1
Business meeting at the Node tonight 7:30pm
So proud of , your my HERO!!! Keep swinging for the fences.
Give, then get.
So...the boyfriend video. Yeah.....I WISH I WAS AS HOT AS THOSE CHICKS!!!
Speechless. When I have so much to say.
"oh good, I'm in the publishing industry too" :D
Just saw in concert! She was amazing! <3
i miss my love! tomorrow's the day thoee (: <3
we need to value mistakes
Merry Christmas to everyone!!
Doing the right things is better than being nice.
ewww this dick !
Official family birthday dinner was legit.. No gifts but the love in the room is enough
Not at all. We're an alliance of independent businesses that are committed to supporting our local economy.
hahaha I did. Lucky dude
hey, well i think that your freaaking hilarious. hahah and cutee. favorite this? (: please. lol
Great. more ways for people to not work but get paid.
Derrick Rose is overrated. His team had multiple chances to win a must-win. The MVP stunk it up even worse than Durant did.
You look good on a southern night...
ARTful weekend ahead! >> Bday Bash exhibition #cmumusic100 admitted students wknd!
oh I didn't know.
his red hair?
I feel the same way about him as a basketball player
Going to Carnaval rehearsal this morning with my son to check out the choreography to see if we want to dance in the parade this year.
Yes - can't wait. See you tomorrow!
Grabbing lunch at the food court.
With that HR Cano just hit it looks like he is starting to come back around
no doubt! Victory parties at Magic City (lol)!
Opposite. I'm higher on Miles than Dez, but Dez going higher in drafts and Little fairly valuable
Listening to Sarai practice for her talent show.
Hahahaha nick cannon twerkin on americas got talent
nope plastic thats why it's weird haha
I hate you, But I miss you.
OK. Never mind. RT : Susan, thank you so much for tweeting all these today! I missed #6 though. :-)
President Obama v. Mitt Romney: One man evolves as a human being, the other revolves.
I don't think anyone knows how much I love & fully support Cody! I love you & will be here till the end! <3
Think it's time to call it a night💤💤 See ya tomorrow😊
Proud to represent the Northern Indiana Province at Sigma Chi's Grand Council in June!
At least you got called for the correct position this time. What is the ratio? 1 out of 20?
why do you have to be so damn cute?
Hey Pope Benedict XIV the #DalaiLama came to San Diego now when are going to stop in???
There are birds chirping outside my window at 1 am........ Wtf
#naptownbuzz #Zombie #Walk in #Shelbyville 10/29 Saturday Porter Center to #Strand Theatre 'Dawn of the Dead'
Concord on a Summer Night by Dave Brubeck Quartet - the perfect speed for a morning in the house.
"it's gonna take grinding and passion." - Erik Spoelstra
Pick the ones that give you goosebumps and inspire you to write! :)
You showed me that a long time ago.
I believe that suffering is part of the narrative, and that nothing really good gets built when everything’s easy.
haha oh yea
Hello lovely!! I know, been crazy busy with school, then I come on here in hour(s) long increments lol how have u been?
Hi - would love to see your website, but the link is dead... bad url, maybe?
On my way to the #Atlanta Family History Expo!
I think one of my future pseudonyms will be "Ghost Dad"
On my way to the FL Distance Learning Consortium meeting @ FGCU...
If only time travel is possible, I will go back and play with Miles and John Coltrane.
It's life. no one is responsible.
that sucks ! We almost NEVER have homework at OPA .... WE ARE NOT A GREAK SCHOOL!! had to make that clear
Leigh Ann and Parker show up at my house when I don't invite them, but when I do, they don't show up.....
thanks for the support! the weather ended up being perfect.
iPod charged, sneakers on, I'm ready to start this walk! I'm happy to make a difference in someone's life!
oh and also, by art drawing do you mean a drawing show or gathering of art pieces?
A survey of 5k consumers rates brands on a scale from -100 to 100. 0 means equal + and - perceptions. The highest score is usually about 60
Your voice is Wisdom,Your voice is beautiful and complex,a miracle in the universe,a mistery to discover.Trust your voice, your infinity.
Hate the mile... I am done!
RT : we are a retro drive-in theater screening classic films! A 50's date-experience! We open in San...
Why is it that there's so many beautiful Asian women.. but every single Asian man is ugly as fuck??
Sick 4 4 days with flu. Not much else to do but listen to newest album and tweet. Ur totally right it rocks
The Word. Take it in; Think it out;Work it out;It is the Truth! "Behold, I will do a new thing." (Isa 43:19)
I hear you're doing a great job with your presentation.
My train conductor is stopping at all the stations... But not opening the doors!
no worries, thanks anyway! i think this theme may b my fav given that i want 2 tile pics 4 bkround, so i'll live w/ the title
I love teaching the title p. of this to my undergrads; it was hard not to just chat about that the whole time today
RT : You know your coffee is good when you'll drink it without creamer (which you normally use). Baba Budan from
the cool part is that with our 8 color printer, the colors really pop! Good logo for that!
Just spent a great day getting to know some of the Timberwolves people. Refreshing to see such passion in place.
God knows our heart...
IM IN THE STUDIO.....CANT WAIT TO WORK WITH U MY FRIEND!!! HAVE GREAT NEWS FOR U TOO. CALL ME WHEN U GET A MIN
Hey Check out and submit your novel. They are a bunch of cool cats...
Good luck to everyone in the med school match tomorrow!
Ring out the old, ring in the new, Ring, happy bells, across the snow: The year is going, let him go; Ring out the false, ring in the true.
Mommy need to hurry up and fix the a/c
plz follow me. Montana I love u no Homo lol :)
Would anyone like to take my dogs on a long walk for me? They've been laying in bed with me for the last 3 days.
Bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun.
Exciting news: there are stirrings of a beautiful new sculpture garden in Lakeside
": YOU'RE sexy AND Talented!!" what a nice way to end my Twitter session for the night--thanks!
Pobrecita! Minnow heard me talking to the vet and hobbled into the study to plop down beside me.
I just need some breakfast in bed
Hell of a Trifecta to bet in the top three huh? & Cunix. Mad dogs! All of 'em!
Tell a friend, to tell a friend, to tell a friend about
Elan Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
Heading over to talk to Milwaukee's Mayor surrounding the latest violence at a Milwaukee area public school. -Todd Hicks TODAY'S TMJ4
Thoughts on GFI: overall it was fun, Google people were great, fun place to work, great tech - but a clunker of a workshop.
You bet I am here! Let's play ASAP!
UNDECIDED WHAT TO COOK FOR DINNER TONIGHT. LOVE TO COOK! ANY SUGGESTIONS?, DM ME.
yanno just for that text....im not gonna chill on twitter hahah :p
It's done for now -- hope to reprise the role. Thanks : when will it be playing again”
follow because her nick name is DICK
it is! and imma try to remeber it but was it on k104? I don't think so
Doesn't have an injury, he was benched for eating a referee who flagged him for a personal foul.
OH: the test subjects in this case are worms
hey jus ring me internet is a myth right now
Thanks for lunch today ! It was really cool to visit the mothership.
: You guys should go catch the at the Paseo Underground tonight at 9. They never fail to put on a killer show.
Looking forward to a fun and beautiful afternoon in The ATL.
and the USC Trojans are routing the Bruins. Let's get this second half started and show them the real champs! #FIGHT ON
RIP Amy Winehouse
At the Hammer improv in SD, starring Felicia Day and many Guild cast members.
it's probably really offensive to all the REAL Native American sorceresses who just came to enjoy the show
Congrats on the win.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and Garden State in the same night....
woah! heated munich played better second half
Effffff grad parties and all this food...
Ppl please learn the difference between... There ..their ..they're ..Gosh ppl blow me
Congrats to Octavia Spencer for her Academy Award!!!
needs to be a more active tweeter.
Wow! Brings back memories of the Mars Bar & Max's Kansas City. NY Dolls were hard core
Haha well thank ya kind gent:-)
BIG BAD WOLF INDEED SIR
Off to Washington for some quality boyfriend time. Love it!
Tip of the day: roadtrips are pretty tight.
Loved everything about tonight! I love my friends. Running 4 miles than eating a healthy dinner while playing corn hole.
yep, that's whom I was referring to
NASA starts next round of testing of J-2X rocket engine at Stennis ...
u never said hi to me
LOL smiley face
Me & my lil sis rolling 😭😂 watching
Oh no! I am so sorry! Can you please email supportseattle at uber dot com? I will look into it!
Like official state songs and trees, three states since 2011 have adopted official state guns. Finally.
RIP Andy Rooney. You found what you loved & did it well. We should all be so lucky. Your keen ability to zero in on the truth will be missed
2012 #šê) Remember, the exam fees are about $300 for #CompTIA A# so save some of your money. We got the #training but U pay exam fees!
nope I do not agree with that! RNGeezies can do better rng should never be on the 2 ever again!(:
hey are you farting back there or are you eating eggs again? i threw up a little in my mouth.. just sayin
Is Georgia catching up with Florida in producing top-tier D1 prospects? - Atlanta Journal Constitution (blog) Found on Bing
Appreciate the shout-out!
Lol, it was funny
never heard of it. We are staying in Carp with my buddy. Drink on Sat sounds good!
It's because books haven't given up the fight yet.
Never realized until yesterday that "People Who Died" by the Jim Carroll Band was the same guy who wrote "Basketball Diaries."
Can't wait to hit the gym later. Working on some new things today..
como digas :b
do u think bonnar is a step down for
Charlie Sheen sold out Radio City Music Hall twice for his new tour. Winning! Now he has two weeks to come up with a show. Nervous!
ya it works haha but did u put it in all at once? LOL if u did just squirt blowdry squirt a few times every Day for a week
Trees available through Urban Corps
My kids celebrated Passover in Fla at the "clubhouse." Told me that a guy at their table called our President the n-word. At a Seder?!?
