Watching Workaholics. I love this damn show.
Ate a "world famous" steamed burger... And it was not the business. (with Will)
RT The Creator and Presence of ALL THINGS is speaking to you right now - are you listening?
Medical attention within the first 90 minutes of a heart attack, stroke or a fall enhances the chances of recovery for the victim.
Awh I just did before I even saw this! <3
We have great Twitter Specials for all Blackhawks & Bulls fans! is going to be electrifying in 2012!
Orioles completed a sweep of the Red Sox at Fenway today for the first time since June 10-12, 1994
Hello everyone... Have a great week.
Attending the IAA Global Marketing Summit today! What is the hashtag for the event? Very excited!
Making them last is the hard part.. LOL We are trying some container gardening for the first time this year
Whos Jeff Blake gonna start this week? only one way to find out...
i like you was talkin that one shit why i wasnt on here nigga lol
Feeling like some homemade minestrone soup from today. There is no better way to warm up!
My cousin Deonna called this girl a tar baby lmao
I'm up at 6:36 am and I have to be ready by 7:00... #LordHelpMe!
I've asked bout yhu wen they told me thangs but, my mind didnt change it, I feel the same whats a life with no pain
$25/20 RT : Hey , we have some people inquiring about how much tickets will be at the door???
I love going to sleep super sick, because my amazing fiancé cleans the house for me!! 
It's about time!! Congratulations! Well deserved.
Evening Sara! Have a great week end.
How does writing today differ from writing 25 years ago?
…still more fans from #Spain, #Italy, #Vietnam, #Russia, #Greece, #Mexico, #Netherlands & #Israel!
He was on his way to dig some oneout of a grave
Scraped my chin last night. The latest tipsy trend is drunk diving
always happy to see a text from :)
I lost the war...... i actually got hella sick.... :( i feel like i got hit by a truck!
not everyone is skinny like you. Its not her fault.
This is what makes life rich, that it has more to offer with each clue it reveals.
its the upper lip right under the nose, some call it a medusa =)
Congratulations to Dr. Rich Stuart for successfully defending his dissertation. Way to go, Dr. Stuart!
no i rather buy luke one. lol JK! well kind of.
and where are you today, sir? #friendsofricki #smgirlfriends Blue skies in SoCal!
“: really wish they had booze here” QT trip???
Happy Guy Fawes Day. remember the 5th of November! Today we stand united. Politicians take heed.
Anyone notice the new tunes at CG Tysons during happyhour ?
Doctors prescribe too many drugs period.
Who ever has broad walk for mcdonals game I have park place #100000000 dollars
Yes, Pop/Punk has its place, but it's not the only genre out there. Last.fm seems to think otherwise.
in and out and cupcakes. whats up.
Thanks for joining us for #downtowndining this weekend. Hope you enjoyed :)
Interview with a 9-year-old super star about to commence..I hope I'm cool enough to roll with this dude, he sets the bar HIGH. Stay tuned :)
Divas calling for justice might remember the cruel past. System works slow. Thz why it's called a system. You? U don't know. So shut up!
Thanks for the shout out Hope to see some of you there.
The people on Biggest Loser this season are very unlikeable
RT : RT : #Capricorn's are the type who will help you & expect nothing in return.
I like it! RT Silverchair Learning Systems Named One of 2012 Best Places to Work in Virginia! bit.ly/u4ilSA
Rickie Weeks with a lot of firsts tonight. He just stole 2nd base.
Method acting on Victorious reminds me of Drama class :o
One of my favorite Vols of all time. Your gunna do work for the Giants. Congrats
Honored to be in the number!
Just met Health Pioneer Patricia Braggs! I will be doing a demo with her Wed and Friday Kahala :)
I'm fine and ill follow for you
i want go to the movies!
txt me soon :D
LOL @ No Basketball Anymore
Pink (almost magenta) stuff on my neck? No, explanation. okay?
but the universe is expanding uniformly so theoretically contributes nothing 'cuz it's all relative.
I just woke up. Had a headache .
I eat couch
Reason #768 that we are museum geeks and not mammal specialists: we just learned that our sweet kitten is a GIRL. Isaacetta?
Thank you Shelby!!!! =)
Wanna eat some pumpkin pancakes with (:
Treatin' life like a joke, get off that Ellen Degeneres boy <3 P.Sanders
Know anyone on a gluten-free diet or have you tried it yourself? What are your tips for making it work?
Im looking for her too.
Police say XMAS time "tis the season" for such shenanigans. Be safe, friends!
Thank you so much!! Hugs!! xoxo
Moving anytime soon? Call us! Our sustainable box system is great for your wallet and the planet! We deliver and pick up. Mention our...
neat! Any big plans?
branding workshop - loads of ideas in search of a solution
It's so weird not having to find hair ties... I kinda like it. #getupandgo !
If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you're strong enough to get back up
and Dolis cannot throw a strike! He just walked Izturis!
your gonna be amazing tonight! best of luck to you! I hope we are able to hang out before your to busy with winning the show!
Yes, yes, of course. Happy hunting!
I know, I know, I'm a dork
Maybe Movie night~!:)
I'm in here somewhere...
followed.. follow back plss..
his name is Brock Collier. You might know him?lol
#ThingsIDislike cheats who think ye wont find out, lol
ALERT: the tram waits 4 no 1! RT : dang usc shuttle bus left me right as i was getting to it despite my yells & waves to stop.
Well come visit us and we will make you a delicious meal! :)
Of course not - only once I'm safely in my knothole for the night :-)
In the event anyone is curious .... I have decided not to compete in next week's U.S. Open at Congressional.
Wishing you a #HappyEaster on this beautiful day!
is someone chasing you? : My brother and I are doing the Color Run in DC in September - want to run with us?
LMAO!!!! I can see ur face. Oh that name :)
God I wish would tweet about this helluva road trip...
Off to Lisbon and Barcelona for the week, see you all in May!
I would so love an awesome name.... Like um Arizona yeah that's pretty or India! :)
I can't...I can't. I am down hear crying. If u and I open the doors at the same time we body in danger.
Who wouldn't even cry when you heard #TurnToYou. Like, it's an amazing song, Justin has gone so far now. :D
I went to IU in the 80s. Embarrassed by Knight. Agree with you here fully.
you are correct. I cannot believe that a grown man can make money playing with puppets of bad stereotypes...
Ha! Williamson better not get on the #Stanford team bus today if they lose! Go #Big12!
Target is screwin with my head.
Choice, chance, change. You must make the choice to take a chance if you want anything to change.
Congratulations! I am looking forward to working with you.
Oh yeah?! What's the most famous quote from Bioshock?!
welcome sweetie that's wat mahomies do help each other
you're an entertaining grouch
. Maybe answers from speaker should then get a double-tweet response :) naisac12
Thanks for the #FF!
QUOTES: "One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure its worth watching."
Everyone is not your friend.
Times like this
Awww Thanks For The Fansite Your So Sweet<3
I see your post! I'm coming by for a set of 4 and a growler refill of #12daze this evening! Shhh.... Don't tell Javi!
Thanks Basil!
Fighting with twitter.
Michael Imperioli auditioned 400 times before booking his first part. Mark Ruffalo, 800.
what part?
Got BFs Kindle 2 set up. He is off & downloading like mad. Wish we could download food instead of having to go shop.
“: "Be brave. Even if you're not, pretend to be. No one can tell the difference." - Life's Little Instruction Book #quote”
Pillow top.or temperpedic? Trying to get a nice bed and damn they are a ARM n a leg.
I would love to make this a point/counterpoint...it is too one sided!!!
Just saw a chick karate kick the walk signal and a pedestrian dodge a car coming straight for him
Yep, I'm ready for summer.
Just received my first adjustment So awesome!
The show is on now! Tough Love- New Orleans!
Friday ; i know what I'm wearing to school!
Have you been taking Twitter lessons from ?
#Nighthawks Fans: Check this out! RT Part 2 is here: Maurice Clarett: A Life in Two Parts grantland.com/story/_/id/720…
if you have time, swing by, say hi!
Order your CD from and you might be lucky like me and get a personal note from Robert
It was predictable.
Good call.
it seems that my version of happiness is different from yours
great show today
OH outside food bank handing out aid to the needy: "Uh oh, I hope this isn't the line for momofuku"
Something good will happen to you today.... or not, its really 50/50
Obviously we'll be starting with the coffee equipment, but yes.
How precious did that grace appear, the hour I first believed.
Of course. All sorts of sizes. What exactly are you looking for?
When considering environmental consultants keep an eye out for consultants that have weathered the recession. Phasei.com
Marketers shouldn’t take the easy route when it comes to ethnic marketing. Be culturally relevant! Not just include tokens
He's for real.
We're playing some new unreleased material at our show tonight!!! Come support your local scene!
To be fair - Number 6 can cause bodily injury.
Decomposition is the morphosis of design.
We have a BIG announcement coming Monday morning!! Stay tuned!
yeah you did. You just don't remember it
It's snowing Wish I could make it, but have a lot going on w work in #sandiego. Have fun whoever can, get some turns 4 me!
😖 that should be illegal
Question for The Buried Life: If you could have any actor (or actress I guess) to play you in a movie, who would it be and why?
#Dear14YrOldSelf, That bully Eileen IS indeed horrible, however wait until you see her recent photos on Facebook. Yikes!
Cinco de mayo success, tacos and alcohol!!
Going on a run to my Latin workout station on pandora #perfect 👍🏃
Call in your question to BORDER TALK at 880.4376!!
yeah I should've slept longer!! Haha
#shoutout to the dike sitting next to me on the train, hookin me up with free food & cocacola (:
Love Never Fails
MT : Rep. Thompson introduces amend on Title I. This could gum up the works on #ESEA, if they weren't already totally gummed up.
Conan, I'm with you!
I'm not going to tweet every 10 seconds like QP...
The Bible says childbirth is woman's curse for the Garden of Eden debacle but mentions nothing about having to squat to pee in the woods.
I love you!!! Coming to Cleveland soon?
Happy Friday you guys :-)
Why do people that speak Spanish talk so fast??
Amazing project: visualizing emancipation. Get a feel of events they have mapped by following their tweets
it was good to meet you last night. Excited to see all that you captured.
Well conditioning tomorrow lets hope the knee holds out all season
Sorry,but if you are just now starting a weight lifting regiment(in late January) you're wasting your time.Every1 else is in mid-season form
Thanks Bern! Glad to know there's someone else out there who shares my obsession :)
okay so through CHRIST, you can birth a cactus! -Philippians 4:13 -Maria Correa
Hi! Haha(: And Yes i Know(;
What is with everyone changing their names on here? lol
Hopefully Taller Than Me.. I've Been Doing the Princeton All Month Being a Coffee Lover.. I'm sure it hasn't Helped ;1
I like this!
Working on something big musically with my brother for our next Bowman gig - stay tuned...
where you at?
Crochet is a big this spring! Add a crochet vest to spice up any outfit!
Come out to the Fca carnival at Avon high school from 12-4!!
we're so glad she had a great week!
Big Mario's Pizza for dinner tonight! Best choice I've made in awhile.
you are welcome
Out with my dad instead of #acllotto-ing today. Happy scratching!
Good luck tonight :) ❤⚾
Men, do not drunkenly corner your female neighbors in elevators and proposition them. And DON'T fucking TOUCH them.
Good idea - what size do you need??
People say dey care but dey give up on you in a heartbeat...smh
my soul is refreshed.
i wonder 😏
New Tweet Peeps! TFTF!,,
Sorry for clogging up your twitter feed, but #momstrosity was on a roll today. Convo ended with a "pfffftt whatever"
The awkward moment when you still cant understand someone after they've repeated themselves about three times.
thanks for the RT
I hope so, but it still kinda bugs me.
Even as water carves monuments of stone, so do our thoughts shape our character. -Hugh B. Brown
I'm so fucking done with this dumb bitch.
Mock bench trial: the judge advised "less zooming, more savoring."
This old lady has the sweetest hunchback I've ever seen. I hope she let's me rub it for luck.
will the following plz follow me <3
"You need to spend one of your free days with me" um I rather not
philly that is disgusting!
Whatever poet, orator or sage may say of it, old age is still old age. Sinclair Lewis
My Dad gets a kick outta watchin Dee Gordon run cuz hes SO fast...& I get a kick outta my Dad watchin Dee! Cmon Dodgers! Lets see some runs!
"I brought pics!" lmfao my kind of guy
I love She'd make a great Episcopalian. Or at least really add to our group of badly behaved priests.
Damn I feel old. One of the contestants on the #bacheloretter is Arie Luyendyk JR. I used to crush on his FATHER. *sigh*
Mom's homemade mole rojo for lunch. It's amazing!
Bradley Cooper? Really?
RT House music is clutch. RT : Something about house/techno/dubstep music is making me feel better
the hookup shots with their hands on their hips are so gross stop it.
Try your hand at some steelers trivia--TEXT 3Live to 59925... Yes, it's free!!!
I wanna watch The Graduate!.
Looks like Jonah Hill dealt with his post oscar loss depression by eating Christopher Plummer.
They are my #1 and have been for over 30 years. ;)
In New Delhi watching the 61st Republic Day celebrations of India. Impressive!
Readers in Georgia (the country) ...hello..:) the 106th country to connect to the blogs...it is a rainy day here in Danville, KY
Oh I see. I read your post as dismissive of introverts.
I hope you know that this has nothing to do with you. It's personal, myself and I.
Counting down those horrible minutes til work!
Ugh. Ugh. Ugh.
I love cases like this. I hope she knows how to work with all the evidence.
Drawing has commenced. Wish our galleries were this packed all the time!
Thanks for the follow! Keep on dreamin' those riffs!
lol icing to make cupcakes!:D
is it understandable to be a little upset with someone if they smoke too much #weed ? don't wanna sound crazy.
it's his death-day, too!
What programs have you developed to retain subscribers, members or donors?
Heading down to Houston, TX this weekend to give my dad a surprise birthday party complete with a dinner of his grandma's recipes. Shhhh.
you have most talent. i have been watching your youtube videos with your dancing/singing. all i gotta say is TOO RAAAWW.
sounds perfect. I have never been there either. I am ready to tom away!
when i look at you by came on and i got sad. :'(
Jump Then Fall<3
It's great to be home. How's school? Look forward to seeing you on the air sometime soon.
yeah won a dollar on the prize wheel man this rocks!
no that was a month ago lol
people are so fake.
Congrats on the pickup!
Sausage and basil (thai) fried rice...I love my wok.
Just when you thought Tebow mania was over... Smh
HELLO! NEW FAVORITE SPOT!!
like when you sat at Suffolk last year? Thanks. Never forget that one. Suck it up and play. Id give my left arm to play this weeken
Nothing like good music
Love! Thank you for your support. It means so much!
BBQ Shop
Nov. 22nd. Can't wait for the annual "do you know where I was 48yrs ago" phone call from my Dad this afternoon.
are you saying they walk with 1 or 0 points?
U better be ready for war 24/7 watch ya back!
I actually have a pretty positive outlook on it. I'm kinda happy for him and myself. It's really weird and hard to explain.
7 Things you didn't know about roses: #7 Getting a bouquet of 13 roses means you have a secret admirer.
Bruins lost </3
Follow me and FB friend me...I'll see if I can help. ;)
I need my researcher to not come until I finish my tea.
Mama gets mad at son for loading too many bowls. lol
Tygas voice is sexy
Dear coach Trotz: DON'T CHANGE A THING!!! Make those two idiots sit and learn their lesson.
New Hampshire until Sat.
I love #Tanisha :-) she soo crazzy and funny!!! "Behind every crazy black woman, is a stupid ass black man"
Gary Haugen's execution will take 25 min. He can also stop his own execution since he waived his right to challenge the death sentence.
We need a CP image! Ha! Safe travels, and have a great call.
Can somebody tell me what the word "Ratchet" means?
it's like a crunchy Luftwaffe.
haha inserting the words titties, balls, etc into the things never gets old...always a hoot!
Watching law n order svu
Sad news on #CarrollShelby That's one giant bit of American legend right there...
That's good, most people don't like any of it :P
yes.It is supposedly a profitable venture. But not a major hit.
Give me something to shoot San Antonio!
Yeah! Makin magic “: If you ever plan on seeing the band lights resolve I strongly urge you to not, they're a fucking abomination”
Well, I wouldn't want to toy w/ your emotions! We'll definitely get on it. I can buy it next week cc
I have had a very tiring day and it is only 3:15. Hopefully I can squeeze in a catnap and that will help.
Join us for 12 News This Morning from 7-9: is talking wind, Gino is talking Oscars, and I'm talking elephants (and news)
Even though niggas be getting on my nerves , I still love them no matter what 💗
Thanks Batch. It's been a long wait! RT : Can we just get to UK-IU? Pulling for 's boys in RED.
“: I will watch for the both of us then lol” Be my guest. maybe you can explain it to me. I'm
Awesome! So glad to have you as part of the movement. #ROWE is the way to go :)
So. Jealous. // RT : Pilgrimage to Hot Dougs
I feel like misbehaving.
So do I. Hope tide is turning. RT : Murderers, rapists, politicians are allowed to marry but gay people are not. I find this odd
I'm trying to watch Chris Mann and Katrina Parker on #TheVoice right now, but Lindsay Pavao is so fucking horrible, it's ruining it.
Now THAT WAS AWESOME - go cirque!
overdosed on confidence
“: Don't talk about it be about it.” couldn't have said it better myself!
I prefer 3 days a week, but if Americans in general could just start with 1 meatless day, boy what a start.
So nice to meet you! I'm glad your last night in Portland and my show lined up so nicely. Thanks again for coming out.
thanks for the reply!
Order #28311 Order Date: 5/14/2012 3:58:01 PM. Make it happen! This is for the Montauk ride this Sunday so I need it in time.
I know! I'm sorry you had to see that, bacon will never be the same.
Lara Mondae's playing music on WLUW until 6pm. Tune in online or on your RADIO dial 88.7fm
Working on it!
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back. ~Arthur Rubinstein
Just found out that two of my relatives were Nazi's.
I'm savoring every sip of mine right now:-)
Black People Always Tryna Get Shit For Free Or For A Discount... SIT YO BROKE ASS DOWN
its friday morning, that means the smell of plumbers is wafting through the air
..thanks so much for following us :)
What are everyone's plans for the night?
how awesome is your new uke?
s/o to ! everyone go follow her!
Your love sweeps over me and knocks me to my feet.
I finally kicked a HR for kickball but I can't even enjoy it cause we did not win.
Tune into the great new HBO documentary-WEIGHT OF A NATION - about how kids and people get fat from subsidized bad processed food
People on Facebook always over react-_- unlike twitter;D
When I die all my art , paintings , drawings etc will be molded into my coffin or blown up
Man Martin n Pam always had the best jokes lmao
What will you be watching in the Spring Game?? I say Beau Allen, says #Commissioner Gordon
Id rather you hurt me with the truth.. Than comfort me with the lies <3
Thats what me and my Dad wanted.We have seen some other great collections. But from what we have seen and heard our is the biggest
Just went super sayin 3 in the bathroom
Just bought Typographic Sketchbooks by and Lita Talarico. Perfect for the 3-hour wait for
you run in those academic/artsy circles, where folks said "meme" before "meme" was ubiquitous. the rest of us lived fine w/o it.
“: location, partnership, and sponsorship is big!” how do I even begin to network with pros like yourself?!?
I'm friends with 'em all drag queens, beauty queens, drama queens...I'm an equal opportunity royalty befriender. After all, I'm a princess.
Oh, neat -- we'll be singing the national anthem and God Bless America at a game on March 22!
They call me Racked up shawty- Meek Mill
RIP Connor Young
Just learned David Tappan gave a lecture at Harvard comparing Hebrew and Hindu scriptures in 1803.
didn't he go higher than Ziemba?
#NeverShouldYouEver be disloyal to a love 1
don't sell dip. Not merican enough
the evoloutionary ladder aint an obstacle even, I'm sharkin suckaz in the game without a logical reason
Are you fucking serious. #BBW I like Tami but she would have had me fucked up and that girl didn't really do shit wrong.
Give your business some curb appeal. Go to www.linedupstriping.com
The sconnie next to me on the flight managed to spill all her water onto my seat.
L.A can't do anything right so far this season!!!
Did you know the #KeepCalm&CarryOn posters were actually published by the British during WW2 to motivate it's army against German attack?
Astro Boy is on Person of Interest that boy is about to be the Hottest Rapper out
Hey when can you skyppppe?
Tonight (3/11): Jumpin' Jack Flash (Rolling Strones Tribute) with Tobacco Road at Hard Rock Cafe! 10PM show, tickets at the door!
I can't with this show anymore UGH
MAY 7TH IS MY LAST DAY OF SCHOOL!!(:
RT : I thought I had a nightmare last night, but I realized it was just the season finale of Grey's Anatomy.
I'm torn. I made a note to myself to buy your book this week, but I'd rather wait til it isn't free so you get the $$$.
"Great food! Superior service. Epic tasty. I swear, you guys are so awesome." :)
I've never been as stressed out as I am right now.
Saying "Tho" Or "Though" At The End Of A Sentence Always Makes The Tweet Sound Better Tho.
Thanks for the RT, Karina! Glad you found the blog post of interest.
We suggest LA! RT : In need of a vacation...Miami, ATL, or LA to see fam soon...where should I go?
Meetwood Flac pretty much ruled it tonight.
the people that are making big money are the ones being watched by the people that are spending money...
Lou Gossett Jr is coming to Boston in November as part of the Ford Hall Forum. He's speaking
dude. the lineup is too sick to be real. I might actually die on Harry Potter's birthday this year.
APPARENTLY MY ASS....
Congrats to 96 ROCK (and cool-guy Fin) for smacking down the frog in the latest ratings...worst programming in hundreds of miles for years!
What a day! What a day! I had a good time at #FIU Good Times
Lattes are fantastic as well! If you #love it, share it!
Supporting #BBN in the vitriolic atmosphere that is -- wait...they have a basketball team?
where in the D are you living at?
I am considering it! I have a friend in SF so I was thinking about visiting. I'll keep you posted.
that is episode 3
No the league shouldn't punish those guys, but don't let your bias show when you ask. Get those () outta there man! #fair?
Can my fat just go away?:(
Just got an invite to do Salvia, but i had to turn it down because i feel like i will be cheating my cleanse. :(
Did the Mayans predict the Supermoon? If you know call the Psychic Friends Network & ask for Dionne(call soon, client is holding for answer)
Is looking for sales reps, so if you want to work in a cool & laid back environment, send your info to:
thank you for spreading the WOOT love!
Good to hear! Glad you are all okay.
No. That's not equitable since we don't all make the same amount. That puts the burden still on the middle class.
QoTD: "If you worry about yesterday's failures, then today's successes will be few." (Unknown)
As I wander through life, the voice in my head seems to become of a single purpose. It keeps saying "You gotta be kidding me!"
driving home and about to see my babe jose tonight
And you wonder why I don't talk to you anymore.
The Bulls music though?
Very high-scoring first half in the boys game: Caliche up 52-43 lookin for their 4th title in 4 years!
It was worse, I feel for you.
That's great! I'm glad their funding came through. I'm sure they worked hard at getting it! Let me know if you need me to ship.
alrighty. i am going to do an observation in a school today. i'll edit my twitter/facebook laters.
Wishful Thinking
damn straight.
thanx so much for the #FF!!
If I see the words "kerfuffle" or "curmudgeon" in a headline, I don't click through to read.
For serious. RT : someone go grocery shopping for me... I am not a fan...
AW THANK YOU...IM GOING TO SMACK YOU REALLY HARD WHEN I SEE YOU LOLZ
So I think I will get the hair cut tomorrow. I've been all talk lately.
Alex George's "A Good American" for a sprawling immigrant tale. Deb Olin Unferth's "Revolution" for a quirky memoir.
i like them, sometimes i need a kick in the pants!
thanks for reading. Just laying it out there as I see it. I suspect I am not alone, trying to let others know they are not too..
I like your quote this morning. It has me thinking about what my grandmother would have done if she was my age, living in our time.
Brothers in the community today!! Just left Banneker HS for Go-to-high school Go-to-college with the Yale Black Alumni
You know, the Same Ayn Rand that Paul Ryan idolizes... C'mon people, think these things through....
i see you homie
oh so bored. i have nothing to do. i am just so lazy
Disappointment. How do you handle it when you let someone down who is very dear to you?
Don't get me wrong, this thing is DOPE. But it doesn't scream "COME BUY ME" like the unibody MBP did. Even the iPhone did.
Speaking with education staff for the today! Follow
We're so excited about our new website! Check out www.fanmailfundraising.com
so true on so many levels...if only there was an incentive, right?
Thx . for more TV #schoolcounselors suggestions. #Buffy #Glee (And we're going to use the wayback machine for #Room222!)
Lol oops meant *does *that
you must develop a hatred for medicority in order to be granted your wildest dreams -Opal Conner
My Shakeology tasted so good this morning!
Star Wars
Can anybody tell me why the hell there's high fructose corn syrup in Slim fast trail mix bars?
Cool! I'm fine thx! Planning trip to UK in Aug; contemplating long layover in Helsinki in order to get a cheaper ticket...
What;s the worst experience you've ever had at the dentist? Please share with us :)
Vote and a flu shot today. So did anyone hear? Do we need to move to California yet?
When we landed in Austin the flight attendant said hook'em. I was tempted to yell RAIDER to see if I'd get a response.
This nigga walk in the barber shop with his pants rolled up and so boots like he from new york
o m g why me why
; now I got love all over me, baby you touched every part of me, oh I got love all over me. . .
Sour gummi worms are my crack :)
Mike Morris or MidniteMike..
" Happy Mothers Day " 2 All My Independent Mothers and Working Mothers Out There WE LUV YALL!!!
RT What does a person with an STD look like??? Since we all know so well .... Or here's a better question, do we even care??
thank u and yes forever and ever
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a innovative response to its intrinsic limits and issues.
It's Make Your Dreams Come True Day! Go forth & conquer!
Portland, Oregon. 90 degrees and sunny today. Come visit: www.traveloregon.com.
I just be taking cat naps cause I'm bored AF....
Thanks new followers! Make sure to also like Facebook page and get their song "Girl I Used To Know" for a FREE download! :)
I know Davis is going pro.. But how legit would it be to watch him and Noel together in the post.
lmao, in in a speed diet
when you think you like someone but you're scared of rejection so you pretend like you don't really like that person but you really do...
Waiting in line to see the trophy #ncaa #champions 8
hey how your day
ugh I'm so jealous :( haha
“: Tonna ass ain't up on my tl.what she doing” Watching Martin & was on instagram lol Awww yu miss me ?!?
does the #illuminati require an #audition?
": "The wisest men follow their own direction." - Euripides
Hitting the shed.
because there's a need for legal middle ground between totally open, and the stifling nature of current IP system
is an amazing guy (: he is the nicest and is awesome. I love how he cares about his fans and replies to them <3
hey sexy :o)
Those deep comfy couches someone probably sloppily made out in at 3am. The faulty 2Pac Pandora radio stream. Good times
let's be real there's probably no coming back for me Lmaoo
yep. Pre tweet days. and are our current films. Releasing this spring.
really dressed it up! I like it! Rims next?
Ok Ladies, being a wife & mother is a beautiful thing, but your worth shouldnt be defined by your life status
haha. But you make it look good. Behind me maybe not so much ;)
Start your New Year off with a Healthy Smile!!! We are ALWAYS accepting NEW Patients! Call now and schedule a cleaning & exam! 262-691-9832
Hear the news? Elizabeth Warren announces today!
Meeting with Coyote Solutions this morning. Great new driving aid coming to the market this spring!
good morning martine, i agree with you i try to do the same thing
Cheers to the freaking weekend because I don't have to work.
#aln2011 As a Text & Technology grad, I love that Peter Shea is basically lecturing on Walter Ong during an analytics panel. Cool.
I'll be there too! Maybe I'll see ya :)
don't forget to send me your address!
At the Silver Peak with my family! Nice little breeze.
There's only one Carlon Jeffery and that's the rapper and actor known as Cameron Parks on A.N.T. Farm
nice save buddy! We could use that arm in MKE!
I'm gettin' hungry now and we only have about 4 hours ahead of us!
CONGRATS AUSTIN! 200K MAHOMIES! We are one big family and no one will EVER change that! We love you!!<3 (:
i wanna see beauty and the beast in 3D! (:
I have a burning desire to paint something right now.
A: Issue of many institutions are going through collections & figuring how to spend budgets, based on what's most popular...
“The first draft of anything is shit.” — Ernest Hemingway
thats awesome!! :D sorry im just now replying lol how is Regency Dance doing since I left? lol
Congratulations to the University of Michigan #Wolverines for winning the 2012 Allstate #SugarBowl!
love how my sister gets to control everything in the house even tho she's the younger sibling
people still post on Facebook? I feel like that's old sort of.
On this day in history (Oct. 5, 1947), the first televised speech by a US president (Truman) aired. Good idea or bad idea?
“ “ Who else backspaces their whole password, even if only one letter is wrong?””
Good to hear that. #IMeanThat Its been 2 the best so far on my end. Glad things coming together, so NO complaining this way
experience with MDM software.
My son just smashed out on his dinner and its everywheerrreee. He was bathed in it.
double feature of Kill Bill Vol. 1 & 2 today at my apt. @ 4PM! There will be Miramax giveaways & homemade crunchwrap supremes :D
You're amazing! Next time I'm raising money for a project (which is always happening, ha) I need to get you working for me!
but, to answer your question, he tweeted about it...
as I already said, I've already got a concert I'm going to. next week, Godsmack and Staind! 1st time seeing them both, well actually.....
more upset about your government wronging you for the purpose of profit
CNN reporting that the police acted as an intermediary negotiator w/the prostitute and Secret svc agents and they all pooled their money
Some people grow up messing with people. Its ok Just Gotta know who can give it back. RT : I like making fun of people ...
“Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well” -Voltaire
Listening to KidRock. I don't care what anyone says, I love listening to KidRock
I'll never be one of those perfectly polished girls, slightly disheveled is how I roll.
RT : Does anybody out there have any experience with TouchIT boards? Just got a demo of one, looked pretty good (for an IWB).
Yeah I remember u always shopping there I have never been on that store until today, I love that store they have such cute stuff
nice! Enough to share? ;)
Book recommendation "A Stranger's Gift" by
Big band music seems apropos today -- Dave might hit the dance floor any minute
In the worst freaking mood ever.
I'm less concerned about making the docs readable--fairly easy--than with making note taking and transfer possible.
hahah isn't it great??! Never gets old!
yes they are! Kylestock band!?;)
When every I look at the clock it's 9:11pm weird
“: Getting ready to speak Student Summit.” go get em
If designers feel challenged by Agile, they are not yet fully engaged in the collaborative process.
obvs not simple binary of youth vs. $ for production, e.g. Meek's recent quality mixtape enthusiasm curated & bankroll'd by Ross.
it was ok didn't do anything. This snow is stupid! How was your weekend? Haven't seen you in awhile :( we need to fix that!
Bipolar weather :|
Writing songs this week and recording next week.
For Zayn's birthday I am going to get him a mirror with hhis picture on the back:)
I'm leaving after this story is over. Lol
I might not be where I wanna be, but thank God I'm not where I used to be!!
last week: "Im ready to kock out this online class #Determined" thatssss caitlinnnnn :D
Ready to go home and hit the sheets. Only an hour and a half left. The last few hours always drag by. Back in the office at midnight.
I wish I was an entertaining drunk dialer and then I could return the favor. Ha ha ha
Thanks so much for making us part of your #bestdayever!
Hahaha I was being serious I have always liked gags. And crosby sucks..I'm a Malkin fan
Credit Score below 620??? You need help
Thanks for being part of us.. Much Love!
edgar just can't get a date
Ann Arbor's Howard Cooper sold to Germain Motor Company - Detroit Free Press
why cant you see them?
BYE TWITTER :(
Man oh man raise the bar on this joint can't wait for y'all to see it....
In honor of Earth Day, we’d like to thank you for shopping at Crossroads & closing the loop. Recycling is good for the can, bottle & shirt.
Hot Tottie I aunt heard thus in.....
2 more!! 2 more and we'll reach our goal of 100 new likes and get some targeted Facebook ads for our book!
Nice purple crocs 👍
sounds like fun
#HowAboutWe Blast some Go-Go and get this party started!!!!!!!!!!!
Q1: What are some of the aspects of social media that worry you the most? Do you talk to your kids about them?
Tomorrow iss getting closer and closer... :/ #shaking #scared #nervous ..
The first thing you do with a data set when you get it from a government agency is make a copy of it, Horvit said.
i know its over but i never got to say #happymothersday mommy i love you..
i cant Believe I miss those cupcakes!!!!
Can't wait to hear your new stuff!!! So excited! :-)
Dying to see with and #MilaKunis!
I'll never get a reservation at RPM. ;)
whatever you can only ship us anyway
Thank you to local Milwaukee for their generous support of Hunger Task Force!
Just for the record... MY color is white chocolate! LOL
that sucks <\3 if you find out who it is, let me know so I can go WWE on their fat ass.
I assumed she meant don't watch the live stream when you're in the room.
I just started texting with someone I met on twitter. If I go missing, well... That's what happened.
“No problem can ever be solved from the same state of consciousness that caused it.” -Einstein
i'm hearing it too around 70th and SE Foster. It's very low and boomy.
Some of the best work happens by collaborating with other units
You are missed! Our future U.S. Attorney aka littlest Quinn came over for dinner & met the pup. Please come visit us soon.
Chillin w my girl at her work.. Cum c me!!!
bro!! Im going to miss you a bunch! But as said "i know your going to kill it" best of luck!! See you soon!:)
I will never get tired of telling that I love him<21
Happy to help! I'll tweet it tomorrow too!
"free to all" is not the same as "free for all"
Thanks for sharing!
So good seeing you!
We all know that life guarantees one thing & one thing only. So what are you doing with your gift of life before that guarantee comes?!
How much longer does Wedge keep putting Brendan Ryan in the lineup with his lack of offensive production?
Always nice to go there :) Happy Friday!
I ask that the presence of the Lord with His healing hand be with his father and family in Jesus' Name. Amen
Yay! RT : saturday I can make the game. Maybe game 4 if I can find tix
Relationships are like glass. Sometimes it’s better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
Thanks Lexie! Woof!
Happy Valentine's Day!! Love is most certainly in the air. Especially love for makeup!! What do you love most about makeup?
i was thinking about how cool a parking lot party would be yesterday (+couches, lighting, etc). And w/ adults not toddlers.
RT : Who's ready for the freakin' weekend?! Give this a RT if you are!!!
filtered through a Chemex
- This is right on point.
yes I have I'm almost doin with culinary bout to get that done lets go out tuesday ??
Some people SHOULD NOT have a drivers license
I could see an MLB one next year just to complete the cycle if this one does well but I think that'll be the peak
counting down til' i leave this place. :3
You obviously did, boo.
professional flier mane
Do you offer a remedial Life Class? I'm thinking of legally changing my name to "Hot Mess."
Shootings shatter N.H. town’s tranquility
Tea Party = anarchy
Even tea-based caffeine doesn't seem to help my overall sluggishness.
Sounds YUM, but I'm booked today. Sorry! Hope we can catch up sometime soon. (lol just got your phone msg too)
Arnold has begun to march his troops through St. Roch slowly around the walls on the north side of Quebec toward lower town.
oh Vegas!!! Lucky girl!
can you pleease follow me. even i know that you will never see this but
RT : So: is doing Samuel Beckett's Endgame. If you've ever been a human being alive on Earth, this play has...
lol basically! X)
we hope you enjoyed your stay!
Im done with this. Feeling like an idiot. Loving you, Im over it. I just dont love you; dont love you no more.
A new system could save you 35% on your electric bill and upto 50%
I love when news anchors have to vamp for time. It's awkward & resembles a bad first date.
I said I took the princess to school not prince. I took TAY TO SCHOOL CRAZY
for those done with Christmas shopping, do you get the urge to just buy a little bit more for friends and family for fun?
thank you.(:
Finally! Smoothie ingredients~ YAY~ celery, spinach, kiwi, orange, apple & cucumber. Keep it simple- blend & drink! (great to have a straw!)
watching robin hood:men in tights
Woke up wondering where my homegirl Ryan is...Got alot to talk bout...RC come out come out ;)
** With People Aplenty, Twitter Aims to Cut Through the Noise [ Bits ]
And nice that you can utilize #socialmedia to promote your work for further reach as well
Whoops. Accidentally hit the unfollow button there!
Finance me... feed me...fuk me
oh my god im sitting on my bed watching george lopez and talking to people on facebook
If unix is the face of the future I wanna go back to quill pens. - Gene Spafford.
Does his (genetic) Nashville Pussy connection not get him any more credibility than that?
Oh 2 years? o.O That's so long. :D
love you <3
Ah, so you went with fondant, eh? Easier to shape and less likely to break your teeth. Wise choice!
Chapter 2012 Page 54 of 366 Why can't everyone share my same opinion? That was a rhetorical question of course.
Power like the president
We're doing a more Mexican themed Thanksgiving at our office. Anyone have great recipes for refried beans and horchata?
nice to meet you too hun!
About to go hang out and clear my mind.
I can now officially announce that my next book, a history/celebration of American pit bulls, will be published by Penguin next year.
you should because it's not worth money to color coordinate an iPhone
THERE GOES MY LIFE
At this time most people on twitter should listen to "why can't we be friends" or "don't worry be happy"
i read hunger games and really enjoyed them. Read all three in two weeks.
GO FOLLOW AKA LIL MO,1 of the DOPEST . U heard him on songs with @
that's not your smart car..
i had some GREAT pancakes today! aretha frankensteins!
Just a friendly suggestion, might want to reconsider Flash based site. Your missing all the iPhone users wanting to check u out
Shout Out To The Newest Follower Helpin Us Reach 1,000 Superior Swaggers!!
Great Deals on overnight rooms and large meeting space at NCC
Thanks for the follow. Are you interested in building mobile app for your service? Contact me.
Still not using the paint. Kobe needs to comeback when he suppose to be getting more rest.
Wikileaks shows Richard Goldstone to be a pederast & wife-beater! (Once his reputation is destroyed, I'll retract this spurious report)
love that movie. Confirms that we can still outsmart badass aliens even if our primary mode of transportation are tiny bicycles
We would like to thank the Abell Foundation for their generous support of the EdTech Link program.
Happy girls are the prettiest. Share that beautiful smile with the world.
haha como.. You: mom will you get me a present for graduation? Mom: yes... Why? You: that means 1D tickets ! Yess! Hahaha(:
I need assistance.
I'm really excited for you. I'll definitely be thinking of you both!
O.o whoa we don't want that Lmao
RT : #Aquarians are Leaders. Hi followers :)
.: change in social sciences research: now need to justify value of study outside the academy
whenever you decide to pay for that plane ticket my dear <3
Omg my seat is so fucking good
audience. especially leading man type actors. which is ridiculous itself, but in Travolta's case…he's not exactly a
According to , Tommy Rees kneed a cop in the stomach and had to be pepper-sprayed. Wow.
Happy "Day Before the Day Before the Weekend" - Yep. It's all about your focus in #smm!
Being in an over crowded basketball gym << Being in a basketball gym with little to no people >>
hahaha, well.. i missed my bestie.❤
People falling asleep on me<<<<
Me Nd Had A Good Convo Lol She Hit Me Widd The Awwh Bomb :D
To be everywhere is to be nowhere. -Seneca
I have had plenty of great opportunities!! I am just waiting patiently for that ONE that's going to take me to the TOP!
#shotsfired RT : I swear my brother's like 2. So damn immature.
Pisses me off
it's one of my most visited posts on my website... a very hot topic in today's market. Great idea Rachel!
put Brady on colts and manning on NE throughout career, who has more rings?
Jew always welcome to break bread here
2 guys standing in a field of roses. 1st guy says "I estimate there are 130 roses". 2nd guy says, "I counted, there are 152".
U think u slick but u not slick u sly but remember a slick mf always slips or trip
There's an old guy who thinks I'm laughing at his lame jokes when I'm laughing at your tweets. This encourages him and for that I hate u all
Make your own Monday. You pick the wines to taste for only $14. Happy hour until 7pm. Enjoy
without a doubt. Enjoying some now?
Why don't you drive by Ft. Wisconsin tonight. We'll show you a supermoon
Lottery board weighs Ga. gambling proposal
[SignUpGenius] is the best free tool of its kind that I've come across on the Internet. ~Angela Newton Peachtree City, Georgia
Thanks to my new followers.
I like 1D songs when other people sing them. :)
Anything's possible, though that would be a weird technical choice.
Terrific examples! I have faculty asking me often "Why should I?" This will be helpful!
You have more in your arsenal than jelly beans.
that looks like tough duty, Brian....
Im kidding
RT People need to stop playing with the word LOVE. #EnoughIsEnough rite!!!!
Help me out people what would you like to see on the website!? tweet us back!
RT : bouts to spark up
CLAIM: Jennifer Aniston &quot;Crushed&quot; That She's Not Engaged to Justin Theroux - GossipCop
. & are terrible frenemies. Going to start thinking of them as friends. thanks again for hosting!
Very good day!
Im good
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JESSICA ! <3
It's your Cousin Steve Adelmund! I've got some tips on getting more exposure for your kick-ass vids if ya want em!
The prize will go out to the user that has the four millionth document in their delivery...so, really close :)
Gorgeous morning to walk to work.
Karlaa!!! I lost your number when I got my new phone. At what time is your birthday party??
to you and me, no, he doesn't look cold. But, to middle America, he's facts and figures. McCain is all sweet anecdotes.
thanks for the mention!
Blake is pretty legit. Don't let the KIA commercials fool you!
Rest up we need you tonight!
Hahaha dam i aint shit doe i c where yo heart at
Gov Brownback wants go away from income tax. This will definitely take away from 99 and give to the 1.
I didn't make it in time to see the last showing of Paranormal Activity 3 last night. I saw In Time instead....
Season 2...that was so last summer.
Apparently its Karaoke time in the truck today.
full of Lies
Ha! I want to be there soon for reasons you know. Right now, I'm not physically able.
Journey was such an awesome group. Timeless music
Thanks for that great compliment and posting! I'm glad you all had a great time in Vegas and at the show. Holla Coop!
OK, I gotta give it to the LOCKSS team. I have in my possession one Ballast Point Amber Ale. Danke! I will keep my daemons up to date!
You too! Hope to make it to another show soon!
Oh & hhahhaahhaha holy shit this is crazy
Cleaning my room takes forever... -_-
#iLikePeopleWho love their public libraries!
Where are the scissors when you need them?!
Ask your pendulum if certain friends and relatives of yours will die or be killed in this year or not?
Yes! First garage sale of the year for me. I scored a $1.50 purse.
where do you think the name #boyzone came from???
New Mozilla Firefox 'Do Not Track' feature: They're looking to add a feature to Firefox that enables users to opt out of online tracking.
So happy it's Friday!
book promo models at www.dawnrochellemodels.com :)
Thanks for mentioning us! #getrecruited RT: : www.berecruited.com
my charger is not working, i miss you too
We have an office in PHX. Perhaps we can meet for coffee next time I'm in town to learn more about what type of M&A advisory
oh ok thats what's up ill be waiting for them.
I know right! It was mostly all those penalties. I do hope they can come back on Thursday and win the series
now you know I'm a bit raw. The etiquette/lady like thing feels like wool on my skin. Let me think of a few ladies.
In SD with my boys
Bent reebok classic's with dirty white shoe strings? I guess I'll look at ur personality then.
my friend is the pastry chef there so she sent us home with crazy awesome desserts. My excuse is I can't let them go bad =)
2 Hell with a deficit, im all about a SURPLUS BUDGET
The tornado siren says it's noon. Recess coming after this witness.
"zip car you move me. assisting with grocery runs. and trips to the mall" xoxo, LS
A man's health can be judged by which he takes two at a time - pills or stairs. ~ Joan Welsh
Great grad seminar last night. Students really wrestled with "Hawthorne and his Mosses" and Melville's letters to Hawthorne.
girl yes tryn 2 get kids and wat not
Basketball practice tomorrow 3-5. Thanks coach for taking the best part of my day away from me.
And yeah, I'm blaming the typo on you
We really don't give a single fuck that you're high.
Happy Birthday !!!! Wishing you many more bdays to come... God Bless!! RT
Sitting in the ambulance ... Dont know for how long ... In Bolton ... #MySunday x
"Every day is a gift, and the quality of your life is your gift to yourself." Barry Gottlieb www.healthfacts4all.com
I hate that I fuxking miss u
Is it possible to loose one's own Web page?
Happy Mother's Day! :)
I wish that you would follow me.
Jeff Beck "Live King's Blues Club" in my possession, friends always rave how gr8 he is live, can't wait to hear it!
Is he a pop artist or?... English or Spanish?...
such a terrible proposal too!! Dumb dumb dumb.
"Everything is of America in Minnesota" ~
We would be forever crackin up! Lol! I know I miss our sis
watching a demolition derby!!!!
Who needs to go to Florida in February when you can experience 60 degrees in Chicago?
No. I was looking for one where you can make your own. But I LOVE this one for social skills #slpeeps Maybe I imagined it? LOL
Lay your head on my people, where you can be yourself....
Can't make living by smoking Fair?? Football like smoking:addictive, participants dont care about long term harmful effects
I can't wait for the new website!!
yes! But I play egret call/ceracopter so it'll be different. :o
built a lot around African Story to make the day pay for itself. But the big crack is The Factor. Go flat out and win.
After a week of vaca in be-utiful Mexico it's back to business!
free coffee refills? It's going to be a while.
RT : RT : Spalter: #spectrum crunch driven by consumer habits and demands.
Sounds like a plan! RT : sounds like a plan. I will stop by and we can chat.
I dont work anymore in Golds Gym - Eastern and Serene. i changed the location.... for my new clients ,contact me for details. Thnks
Tonight was on fire -- cant wait for the next one!!
Beauty is when people who step out boldly to love the unlovable even when unpopular. It's not a gifting or calling but a command-John 15:12
do not assume more downloads = more readers. Long form is a slow burn. I have Gutenberg the geek queued up.
- Do you want to meet to discuss social media and SEO? If you have a time slot for coffee, let me know. I need to push my...
listening to Fake It on Can't beat that catchy and good #Seether song!!!!
Can't wait to get my superman tan on with
If they don't feel like things are getting better by June, they're going to have to send him to AA to build some confidence.
Okay Taco Bell, first you tell me there's no lettuce. Then you tell me there's no pennies for my change. So what the fuck do you have?
I see zombies!!
What is the latest on carrier negotiations for #LonghornNetwork?
-My heart goes out to all that lose hope today.... #GodBless ed you wit a life now dont go do anything stupid nd ruin,
shakespeare was a playmaker
Nap time, exhausted!
What my dad just said >
My mom caught me saying Silicone Valley instead of Silicon Valley the other day.
Sup Fam Hope all is well Overseas! Im followin back now..stay up
#hurricaneirene is raining on my triathlon parade
Just went through a fuggin battle with thia pop machine.. $3 poorer but two drink richer..
SO excited! im going to a concert for Cody Simpson, Greyson Chance, and Miranda Cosgrove!! <3 its gonna be great
I am not
you went the wrong way :/ That's disappointing, it used to be a watermelon...
RT : Tomorrow yall. Make sure to be at bday bash at noche caliente.. TONE CITY FAMILY SO ILL BE THERE
:D :D I'm going to try my best!
hey, Theresa I have a question for your visit to the can you follow so I can DM you?
Travail Newark are currently ranking number two in Newark's best loved business!! Please vote on best of. . . And make us number one
Ran 10 miles for the first time this weekend. Just in time to race #Austin1020 on Sunday. Nervous, excited!
I only give head to blunts
AND I spilled coffee all over my desk?? this has got to be the worst start to a morning...ever.
Why am I so nervous
How has everybody been today?
Dickie: this example demonstrates need for study of stylistics.
Every little helps
I like to ask "What interests you about this position?" Good luck with your interviews!
Congratulations on your launch. It has been a long road of endurance. Your faith and Courage Leads!
My Birthday Soon Will Be Here In A Month! I Want A Present!
you too man. Enjoy!
lmfao donkey shows are the truth, DM me the address.
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby
okay! will do!
$8 billion tranche to Greece, possibly bigger write-downs for banks, but no magic bullet from Europe - looks still on track for a crack up
Follow me Please (; !!!
Congrats to A&A celebrity board member on the release of his new album "This Is Country Music". Great Stuff! Check it out!
“: Rules for texting a girl: 1. Don't take too long to reply 2. Use good grammar 3. Ask questions 4. Use the :) face”
Every Wednesday is #NSD [National Subway Day!] Austin made this day #NSD because he loves Subway! RT if you do too! (:
Get on that spin bike, you'll be glad you did!
I have had the honor of knowing some really great people which has allowed me to recognize that I am also quite great.
No matter how much you prepare, you will ALWAYS be shocked at how cold the toilet seat is in the winter!
are the niners trying to get the worst record in the NFL by drafting aldon smith? Are they going for Andrew luck?
I #Love #God so much! And I'm thankful every day that the blood of my precious savior #Jesus covers me.
Sometimes God doesn't tell us His plan because we wouldn't believe it anyway. -- Carlton Pearson
Must..have..karaeoke!
Idk why I love u, even after all the shit you've put me through & all the heartache.. What happened to the guy I loved? Cus I can't find him
Ten Crack Commandmentz.
what did you dm him?:)
Retweeting like its my job.
David Spade is hilarious
Hear that The announced that next season will start on WEDNESDAY, Sept 5th So that means we're only 29 weeks away
At Prosperity..Sang Aretha Franklin in honor of the Natal Pro-Choice Ohio fundraiser that will be taking place here on Sat. at 4pm.
Chuck Hunt really understands me, I agree with everything he says. #wearethe1%
Awesome job - thanks for letting me be a part of it!
Then it's Ghostly-Elivs playing the Belagio & Ghostly-Kurt Cobain goes tour with Dave Grohl & drinks holographic Coca-Cola.
Next up
I'd be available for occasional contract work. Feel free to check out my site and contact me for any details or questions :)
is there really enough leeway in travel to actually get better deals even when paying a finder's fee + the site's commission?
Where is Los Angeles, Japan?
we locked in a strong line up this year. :)
And they didn't rename it Wellington High?! :D
haha! I didn't want you to worry about me love <3
I'm not sure I'll have the time to do a lot of shopping. But I will try to maintain your high standards.
CHASINN THE DREAM :P
Haha I did. Too high. Deleted it.
my mother instructed me on the phone this morning to "have fun like a student this weekend, not like a responsible adult." um...
Lol I'm petty.
I just called a black girl a nigger baby. I'm going to hell.
Nice to see former Wisconsin Lutheran standout Flavian Davis wind up at a Division I school in Montana State.
Did you Know: Soil contaminated with heavy metals can pose a public health risk, especially for children who might play, and may swallow it
remember when red monkey and evizu jeans were in...lmfao
you guys killed it tonight!!! U guys were beast!!!!! Love RNG and always will!! <3333 follow??
Don't waste my time, and I won't waste yours. I'm too grown for that shit. I got kids already
EMS w.o.w. 4. When trouble arises there is always an individual who has a solution and takes command. Quite often that individual is crazy.
I prefer rubber stamps.
Bout to get to work on the homie
Lincoln Hall is pretty awesome. that's my vote. + it's a Sunday, so it 'shouldn't' be as bonkers?
Is it possible to get high from Beano?
And Brian too! Happy birthday! RT and it's brian's 64th!
Nashville, Memphis, Oxford, and New Orleans, I'm coming for y'all with some vigor next week!
I'm pretty bored.
I don't know what makes the bigger statement: that I did that or that I don't regret it.
Thank you for the mention!
awwh maybe it was an accident, and haha sure, of course! :)
Anyone gonna catch us live? APRIL 5TH, ARKAIK LIVE YOUR LEGACY TOUR 2012
hmm I'm about to be relaxing too just got out of work. How's your latest proj going! Fashion juices?
You on only live once.
FOOD TRUCKS!
Superfood, , and will be singing with the this Friday at 5pm on Healy steps! Don't miss out!
U.S. Chamber of Commerce calls for FCPA clarifications The U.S. Chamber of Commerce ’s Institute for Legal Reform recently proposed five
yeah, hahaha My friend Jireh calls me that, I call hery Jiraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
Are you really? Small world. I studied advertising until I transferred (when I got married). Then moved to communications.
Whats with Revol not getting any service? O welp
what a powerhouse group of gals!!!
thank you so much for speaking at Southwestern!! So inspirational!
Wild Wednesday from 3:30 to 5:30! Come on in, choose your game and show off your video game skills!
Exercise boosts brain power. How can we design workplaces that support exercise?
Diane Willardferd: "I lost 29lbs in 9 weeks and I didn't change my diet. Thank you Quick Gym". www.quickgymcs.com
your doing a great job
do u mean
this manic weather is so annoying...
"Ph" clearly makes the "F" sound so why would you spell Ste'ph'en & not Ste'v'en?
good luck :-)
deep freezer dario
did I just overhear you say, "It's not our first rodeo???" busted.
Perhaps, he's the "Little Teapot" aka Toulouse Latrec type...
can't wait to see your dish
once a San Antonio singer always a San Antonio singer!! #alwaystheboyoffyoutube! Love you Austin!
oh no hope it's a 24hr thingy
Well that run just sucked. Could have used a zombie to chase me for motivation
That's beautiful.
I think the running game is important. you need it to pull the defense in so you can pass over them.
Yes Thank you!!!! RT : Thank you to Councilman for making it easier for food trucks to operate on private property in...
perhaps, but it's fun if you were actually relevant in the 90s and are doing it, I suppose.
My daughter loved the show last night! I watched too, dont share
I didn't even know it was National Cleavage Day. This outfit was totally coincidental! Happy National Cleavage Day!
This episode of #SherlockPBS is going to give me nightmares, but there is no way I'm turning it off.
Hell yeah! That stuff's better than Nutella! Starting the car now...
4 birds in a row for
Floyd Mayweather just won $1.8M on that epic #Clippers comeback. This guy knows how to gamble!
and i was referring to femimommy, where else are you blogging?!
Dreams are the best part of sleeping, and dreams are one of the best things in life, they don't always come true, but man are they great.
Tonite the nite I let you know baby tonite the nite we lose control baby tonite you need that tonite believe that tonite I'll be the best
Relaxing sunny Sunday with dogs in my lap! What a day!
the patriots are gonna lose tomorrow.
Coffee date with Ivette. Rain or shine! :)
Niece engaged. Nephew had baby boy. Nephew had baby girl. It's a very Merry Christmas in my family!
that's amazing! Congrats. I love to walk but not doing it as much as I would like to.
Friday night excitement: Patio sitting, Chinese food, Big Bang Theory and bed. Admit it, you're jealous.
Ready to see if 21 Jump Street lives up to its reviews!
Sabres are up 4-0 after one. It's amazing what a team can accomplish when it isn't fielding an AHL lineup.
your dancing banana to the soundtrack of "Pjanoo" by Eric Prydz has me cracking up right now.
Frittata Ford Coppola: sausage, mushroom, and onion frittata topped with marinara and parmesan cheese with toast and hash browns.
Spring break 2012 in full effect
Foo Fighters on Conan best ever!
Legality of #Pinterest: give ample credit when credit is due.
survival is the exception.
I may be quiet, but I have so much on my mind.
What a jenk goal by the
he is driving me to work and is goin pretty fast *covers eyes* (kendall) *pulls my hand down* I got you baby don't worry :)
thanks for the RT! Looking forward to seeing you in Seattle!
we know all too well about this problem!
RT : "If you think you can do it, or you think you can't do it, you are right." Henry Ford
You're welcome, glad you like it! :)
Guys it's cold
wurd. Then the wanted came on. Its was all you're lovers in the radio at once
I'm looking for a mascara for everyday look and also for a dramatic look. Can you recommend any? Thanks love your videos! :)
Bakken Museum presented with National 'Edgie' Award for Visitor Experience by the Association of Science-Technology Centers!
New tracks coming out soon in collabo with Rio
loves bigger 💗
So when i left for church, i had 103 followers. I cam back and had 123 followers(: You guys are the #best<3
well hot dog, er hot brisket!
People register their complaints with me all the time and I am okay with it. I AM RARELY ALLOWED THE PRIVILEGE.
cool thanks!
Omw home from the gym and its starting to rain Ah Damn.
I ate a maple bacon donut at VooDoo donut. I might be a diabetic now. Bouncing off the walls.
you thought he was terrible? I love his music! Several of his songs will be played at my wedding.
don't get them in trouble they are a nationally dry house! haha
Beautiful fall day outside...the dog and I watching NFL Redzone. Dig it.
bout to have a choir concert but i really dont want to me here i wish would come get me cause this shit sucks
Need to find somewhere to Watch this Game
beautiful baby! :)
makes up for last season where we ran through the gauntlet, #Rays , #RedSox , #Yankees + #Twins always play us tough
hah, that was awesome! music is definitely the
Molitor limps around the bases. Did he injure himself hitting a home run? This doesn't look good, folks.
can't wait for the new episode of pretty little liarss!<3
"Mordecai! Rigby! STOP! We can ALL be turds!" I <3 cartoons during work. Thanks, for feeding my d̶r̶u̶g̶ ̶cartoon addiction!
inbox ready, hopefully not stuck in your spam folder! J
Wow, talk about a bipolar weekend...
Great lunch with the Aeon group. Enjoyed chatting with Atlas folks and
Great question! “: Wolf Pack fans! Why aren't you following your Offensive Coordinator! ”
The Memphis Grizzlies no longer holds the NBA record for most consecutive losses in the NBA Playoffs. A sight of relief.
We've been experimenting with wasabe - did you add it directly?
New headshots today!
The awkward moment when u finish brushing you teeth & realize you used kids toothpaste....
When you are done I will tell you my real "comps nightmare" story!
ur making me sad! I love you!
Mention thanks and love ;o)
My girl Mallyce is creating some amazing earrings! I WANT!!!!!!!
im at school:(
Happy #FF MKE!! Great people to follow... Have a great weekend everyone!! :)
My phone is being a dick, and my mouth f*cking hurts.
.. #NW The Bodyguard
Always workin hard! “: Chop was almost the first to announce the death of Seau! Great work Chop!!”
the movie was great! You should definitely go see it. There was also some good humor thrown into the movie too
hey are you still going to wear a maxi dress tomorrow?
Join our beekeeper Fred on Sun, Aug 7, 2-4pm as he guides you through BEEKEEPING BASICS. Free!
If They Don't See Your Vision, They Can't Understand Your Mission.
nope, you was probably boo booin all this time. You need some fiber momma!
FEAR drives this country,Just scare people and control them. Scare into war,scare to vote Your way,scare to loose jobs,buy a house.FEAR!
You make me feel lazy!!
Getting my second eye procedure on Thursday. Bye bye cataracts. Wow the colors will be bright onc
I'm just really not feeling it today... Smh
Keep calm and smell like Pink Sugar.
awww thanks! #ff right back at you, good to see your smilin' face
I love Orlando to death but I wanna travel the who world!
Wishing you all joy!
Have you seen Stories.twitter.com ?
I'm glad that I tuned into the #Royals Hotstove show to be reminded of how much better the #Tigers are.
Shots on goal for the first: Roc 14, Philly 10
Wisdom is ofttimes nearer when we stoop, than when we soar. – William Wordsworth
“Wasp venom contains chemicals that will alert other wasps to join in & sting the victim.” Fun fact for you...
Your life is a result of choices you make. If you don't like your life it is time to start making better choices..
nice tongue lololol. ;)
#WhyWouldYouAsk or Someone Else? -_- Wow,If you know me,I will say Mindless Behavior in a second& you wont be able to hear!
u know when a child c a toy theywant thats what its like waitin 4 your ep! Is it commin?
So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future
Two left....get 'em by emailing .com, and put MONSTER in the subject line. Thanks!
Love will find a way. -Lionel Richie
Treat the pussy like Tina I go ike on it
Thanks - looking forward to your next appearance in NYC!
Ladies, make sure to wash off your eye makeup before sleeping. Bits of mascara can cause bacteria to grow.
schreib ma zu issa follow please oft bite :D
Veronica Mars with Liz tonight :) makes me feel like I am back in Grade 12 all over again.
- Looking forward to seeing you all run tomorrow!
Gotta Pretty Smile , Smell Real Good !
:-( very sad and disturbing on so many levels!
I believe the sun never shines in Indiana, but on the positive side, I can't get sunburnt.
Time to play some SSX
We do not need to go out and find love; rather, we need to be still and let love discover us. ~John O’Donohue via RT
we love MMG this way...bro cold wit the pencil
What an honor if I can be an extension of The Saviour's work...
need your thoughts on this move
#gcyale : For domestic sites, China has jurisdiction over private intermediaries and censors through them.
How about Skipper?
He pisses me off.
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree.
haahaahaa no! I hope all the other years are goodd :)
Right, my plan has been to get the new iPad but that's a pretty sweet price for the iPad 2. Makes me ponder.
it says the video is private
hey did u win for Dj of the year at the BET awards I was rooting for you : )
Archives Day 3: ATIP requests in. Read annual reports by CAE scis JJ ONeill and KG Chipman. Now on to RM Anderson correspondence...again!
yeah actually that seems like 's style. Would be cute!
i am boy and i listen justin bieber ...im proud belieber!!!
Perfect hulk reference.
WTF Tyler Carter left Woe Is Me!!!! My fuckind day hasnt even started and it's already riuned.
That is so great, Brandon. Made me smile.
Things that make me have stabbing fantasies for $100 Alec.
lol I won't be able to be on for awhile. but I'm setting it up right now.
Facebook is going to have a real issue with Google now as a real competitor. Zuckerberg is incompetent
Of course!
I didn't want to see la win. Oh well.
Are you ready?
We aim to help athletes become complete players by combining field/court work with weight room work.
waiting is a painful game -
Stupid me. Damaged my voice last night, and now I can't audition for this awesome job. Hopefully it's still open tomorrow.
Happy Valentines Day everybody.
sorry about that 1st post, the url was wrong. the right one has been posted. wrong one deleted.
Midterms this week..oh joy..
People on this bus talking about how cool watching fights are. Okay cool. Grow up
Twitter psa : if u a grown man please stop takin self cam pics. That is woman like. Next time u try it look at yaself in the mirror. Smfh
Any predictions on the score for the game Saturday?
youu are lucky too. . wish i was that lucky:/wish tweeted me his picture saying"I LOVE YOU"
Glad I could help your Monday morning! RT : Nice! It kind of made ours too!
#RnBThrowBacks - Usher : Confessions
is it worth paying $ for a domain name that hosts a digital artwork, if, on average, only 1 person a day looks at it?
Breaking out of UO: Ducks have lifted Cliff Harris suspension. Ducks cornerback available to play today vs. Nevada
the most similar person to Jesus on Twitter is
Why doesn't pay attention to me? I'm a Florida girl!
I think you can find it at any grocery store. I've found it at Walmart before
wishin the Hawks could pull off a big upset tonight...
...and let their employees take the lead on projects they are interested in.
The google logo is very cool today!
haha so true!
Life is 10% of what happens to you and 90% how you respond
it kicks all kinds of ass. Shaolin unicorn style.
so nice to meet you and very happy to hear your Frenchy's experience has been stellar! see you next year ;)
/: please win
Hot bath after a long day >>>
Happy 1-year anniversary being a member of the team, ! We're so lucky to have you!
Man..... I am tired after a long weekend!
three new songs written today... i love days like today
Don't let someone define Success for you! Define your idea of Success and live it every day!
Measurement basics: The length of a meter is 1,650,763.73 wavelengths in the vacuum of the orange-red line of the spectrum of krypton-68.
RT : Let's invent a pay per use ebook model.
From tenant placement to maintenance, we take care of every step of the process when it comes to renting your property. --RPMCentralValley
“: Always time for Vodka! #BottomsUp”I double that.
#chucknorris dosent cut grass he just dares it to grow ! (: 4
Baby steps? How long will that take?
we meet at the Hyatt downtown at 12:15.
all I want to know is WHAT that hell happen!!! yesterday...
Did you know that food stamps don't cover basic hygiene items like toilet paper? Local food pantry told me this a.m. Outraged - are u?
It's time to make everything happen starting today, starting right now!
thank you! (:
3 hour countdown til I get out of work and start a mass murdering spree on MAG, who's comin with me?!
Aw thanks! You too! I want to catch up. When are you in Milwaukee? Shoot me an email.
