Happy New Year to you!
“Young Californian Is Plotting to Become Commander-in-Chief of Chinese Rebel Forces” - learn more at www.homerlea.org
where can I find make chips? That sounds great
3 pronged pitch: initial post, event itself, post event.
Fort myers sucks.
Posting signs for sister's lost dog. Have you seen him? Black cockapoo. White patch on chest. Last seen in Englewood, CO area on 9/30.
What the fuck foursquare!? Where's my gawdam badge?
pot guys?
How much worse can my day get
I wanna go swimming <3
haha I didn't even do anything there taking this way to far!
No fist pumping, middle fingers to sky..
Wow, the ending of the Celtics - Hawks game was ridiculous.
Heading to work. Today I'm a
hey its not my faul i left my gyn bag in my locker and and least i want to smell fresh!!
#5FreeSongs form where
lets all get along...We all want #OkcThunder to win a #Chip.#LetsGetIt!
I miss Portland sports radio. I haven't been able to find a good one here. I know that there is one but I just haven't found it
Gave Kev the post bar option of Father of the Bride 1 or 2 or Final destination. I'm forced to watch
#3WordsOfAdvice use a rubber.
You guys in NYC anytime soon, Gravy?
RT : Beer is the best pairing for cheese. It's carbonation releases lipids from tongue = palate cleanser
HARD WORK PAYS OFF
You got it. Thanks for having me on the show again, I had a great time!
I'D DO POLITE THINGS TO HER SO HARD!
jelly belly
Suiting up for the luncheon with #DePaul Fr Holtschneider & world's diplomats in Chicago.
Just had my last dance team dinner ever! So sad!
If you are in NYC this weekend, try to catch some DWF alum films - 'El Bolerito', 'Closing Doors', & 'Una Carrerita Doctor' - playing at...
Just walked out of our Web Design Meeting.. The new YAS site is going to be amazing.. stay tuned..
I have got to get out more often.
Getting an estimate for hail damage. Along with the rest of the world.
:D i love you more sexy chellupa
why would you make an account like this. Do you know what it's like not having a parent around? It's horrible. Your horrible
Please contact regarding your desire to volunteer. Thanks!
hahaha :D I have a case for you.
I first got my twitter may 10, 2009 ..
I'm 1 of your biggest fans on Earth! Met u in Chicago a few years back, those PRT albums are still classic! Salute!
Couldn't have said it better Most prob dont care, but I'm sure many can tell u about the latest Kardashian episode
Double trouble will get you just that
indeed Folk's! 1 Love! :)
Thought starter: Wouldn't a wood fire pizza hit the spot tonight? Swing by and grab dinner...or order take out 730-5030. Discuss...
I'm working on the Weight Loss Plateau Buster sales page. It's time to get the best weight loss plateau busting program to the world.
running out of time!!!
Lover of all beautiful bitches
yup over 40 hour work week last week.
“Dad, I’m hungry.” “Hi, Hungry. I’m DAD.” “Dad, I’m serious.” “I thought you were Hungry?” “Are you kidding me?” “No, I’m Dad.” Imy dad!
We will do anything for people we like and trust. Be trust worthy through consistency and steadfast character.
I liked Sarkozy tho. He had swag and had the hottest first lady ANY president in the world will ever have.
Omg I can't sleep after watching insidious...mad scared
if you guys find a ride im cumin w/ youu & ill ask my frann if she can give us one !
#FF #TeamOtenki Follow us and get the inside scoop on a personal level!
The 24 hour live show was amazing today thank you very much and for doing it, my week was made so much better <3
RT : I hope some rapper on twitter becomes fascinated with Downton Abbey. (I hope this rapper is )
Speaks truth homie! :)
being alone isnt anything new to me.
Saturday morn coffee
Today I did a total of 81 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups Android app. (Week 4, Day 3, Level 1)
Too Many Female Groupies!!!
ha ha okay man. Your super funny
La Planeta wines always very good. Nice to taste them here.
Today is the day AxeOff USA will debut @ the Hard Rock in New Orleans. The ONLY CURRENT GUITAR PLAYING CONTEST IN NEW ORLEANS. C U THERE!!
Nearly peed myself just now...had a little earthquake here!
Wishes u & #motherearth a wonderful
you can join in mocking my almost complete inability to draw & my ridiculous mental leaps
Apperantly all the seniors got they're tux at Tommy's.
Mode of the day! Harmonic Minor Scale from the 5th Degree is called a Mixolydian b9, b13. (aka Phrygian Major) Use over Dom 7. Very Spanish!
": congrats Awarded for tenacious effort. Die hard fans continue to #Believe. 7 Wins! 9 to go." >YES WE DO!
Oh wait, I'm an idiot. That's what your link was. LAWLS
oh ok and has he played yet?
"Midnight" should earn about $4.3 in the UK
Just send you some beats!
If the only prayer you said in your whole life was, "thank you," that would suffice. ~Meister Eckhart
Had a drunken 2:30am discussion with Lost's Matthew Fox last night at Tony's. Pretty hilarious talk. I love this city.
"I have offended God and mankind because my work didn't reach the quality it should have." - Leonardo da Vinci < Talk about perfectionism!
ahaha, true about many hot guys unfortunately. He can only open to blow. :)
Great game Lady Raiders!!!!
which microsoft framework?
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina How Stella Got Her Vagina Back
likes to spam the dash lol ;D
When boys sing "Boyfriend" >>>
If payback a bitch how u get even ?
Please Follow Me Back!!!!! Love Ya, My GRANDman <3
RT : Very excited about the and particularly about one of my all-time favorite characters:
The traffic in Austin is crazy. Traffic jam on campus. I will always remember this day. Up early just for the graduation. No time for food.
fuck yeah...there is a new app on our facebook page, you will be our first order. Will you be able to the wcv show?
211info.org is the ultimate Portland resource for finding comprehensive human and community services information.
How's everyone's Saturday night?
haha you're crazy bud. How the hell have you been?
Yeah it did die down a little this year.
“: S/o to for coming & visiting me while I sell shaved ice. #loveyou #bff #missyoualready” love & miss you too 😔💔
I had tweetdeck but swtiched back to plain ole twitter app. b/c when I travel I am just monitoring and little generation.
Glad Arizona beat the spread. More glad the Cavs beat Detroit.
Thanks for following us! How's everything going today?!
thanks for following Packrads. We have an International patent, let's do a beta down under?
Omw bac to vegas home sweet home
i got you under my skin!
News: Apple CEO Tim Cook says interest in iPhone app development has increased 100-fold in the last 27 minutes.
me either! (:
Say it to my face
#neverhappens RT : I'm just happy when the five people in my family have on the same shade.
The #SuperBowl people should be bitch slapped for having #Madonna perform
I'm not a fan of hers but I do love Drop Dead Gorgeous. Kirstie Alley is hilarious too.
Tonight! The IPA Good Times Jam Band! Come on out and have a listen! It's also WING NIGHT! 38 cent Wings 6-9 and Happy Hour Pints until 9!
what are you doing saturday???
Me And Mornings Are Not Friends...
right, it looks like it. But also there are two large bands that waste a lot of space. may be room for future ads?
It's starting . . . Come aboard.
People be killing me fuck my daddy or fuck my sperm donor like he help make you to if he neva did nothing wit yo mama you wouldn't be here
awesome!! Thanks
you are preaching to the choir my friend.. ImA get you a quality pair of earplugs
right past that sadness..is the brightest future..so dwell only for a moment sis...peace & love
Haha. Hoping he'd head out your way?
lol I miss you guy, so what did people do for there plays?
It's depressing how a Buffalo Wild Wings opening in Detroit is getting so much press, especially amid accusations of fixing sporting events
Spending today setting up for 's annual All-Staff event. It's going to be incredible.
i was kidding!! i still want to talk to you!!!
Is it weird that all he had to do to make me jump and smile was say "See ya nikki(:" ??
Underdog again!
ok. night
Done and done!
Let me affect you and infect you with my LOVING HEART. Then, let's spread it like a wildfire and blame it on God.
Lakers taking the L
Anyway, suggestions for not throwing my shoe at the screen welcomed.
oh daily Calvin & Hobbes what would i do without you.
I vote for "Say it Ain't Snowe"
ah people are you not listening to labor testimony? #ca coastal # lawsuits etc.
that's true!
Tweet at me, if you have anything you'd like to discuss
Can I still submit even if I am New York based?
Aruba June 30th and FL October 11th!!!
New plan...put off getting a job until the end of the summer and travel to all of the #MLB parks
I can't pull a single pav for #alpine #phish Livenation can suck it!
A planted thought sprouts a tree of curiousity.
the pastor is our father ami helped me alot! ;)
The usual! Hit me up one day bro, I miss you :D
Thanks for the visit!!!
Thanks for following us By the way, awesome teddy bears!
new video on youtube :)
We are going to!!!
pretending that bamboozle isn't happening/doesn't exist 👍
Starving at work!!! :(
If everybody loves you, something is wrong. You can't please everybody!
Signed up for updates. I will definitely check it out once you launch and add it to my post! Thanks for the heads up.
NF>>>>> follow back
3rd Winning Pick - #NFL Week 15.. 49ers/Eagles (41)..#Take_The_Over...Eagles are a scoring machine...49er D weak on the road...lotta points!
Just one time. Thats all I ask for
Wife is at a horse show. Please don't buy a horse. Please.
I like where this is going
Can't wait to see the new digs! RT : Loving the new office at the John Hancock! My guess for the mascot is
Breathe.Meditate.Rejuvenate at Meridian Yoga DC every Mondays and Saturdays.
There's not a star in heaven that we can't reach. <3
Man it's taking all I have inside me to not squeeze my phone in the palm of my hand until it shatters into shards.
no, i'll be in austin this weekend! i guess that's what i get for leaving
Want high profile work done on high profile projects?
nice vid brother seemd like your back at the heart... rock on brother call sometime dont be a stranger
I'm so socially awkward
Seriously can't get of the new album! #rocknroll Look it up!!
I'm just sayin...I think the Wolves would much rather face Dov than Markstrom...Grumet-Morris hasn't started since mid March.
YW! RT Thanks for the shout out !
I swear to god this shit gives me goosebumps no homo
Favorite part of my morning was my coworker screaming "OH MY GOD! THERE IS A PLANE RIDING ON TOP OF ANOTHER PLANE!"
nahy le umy go tomorrow lol ay stick ur head out ur window n tell me if u smell smoke
Can you private message us your student number so we can see what's going on?
Looks like your Ky. Cats are going to dodge a bullet in the 1st round. Loyola expected to get a 15 seed.
Thanks We worked hard last night! Glad you were there with me.
how about keep your mouth shut. you don't know crap about me. you won't regret it. you're lucky i don't know you personally, hun. ♥
Frank Haddad Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Special shout out to my old hs team Miramonte for smashing Campolindo in Boys Varsity soccer 2-1, Mats4life..
TGIF! Have a great weekend! Freedom Ford is open all weekend so come on in and take advantage of our BIG tire sale! Up to $100 cash rebate!
She's not sure of what she wants... She just wants me to give it to her
When chicks ask who this when they know they got yo number saved in they phone .
Don't get it twisted I show #respect to everyone but if your going to #disrespect me then Like #MortalKombat Imma finish you!
WOW I look like shit today
congrats! That looks glorious. Only a sliced strawberry in the flute would make that better!
epic shades
Happy #SundayFunday! Come by #SundaysontheGreen (572 NW 23 st) for some cool vendors, live music, us! and so much more! Will be there 2-8pm!
Jason Born ;D
Sleeping > Reality # teamfollowback
6 MILLION LOVATICS! <3 I love you my angel.
your crazy if you miss the forest man all the family will be there. It's without a doubt gonna be #Epic! Three nights of camping..
Hooooooraaaaaay! Hello train! Love me some 8am sales meeting!
If a black person goes to work on time, has a sunny disposition, a smile on his face, and a great attitude, he'll probably be called fake.
#NP "Freaky" by ... The "My Darling Nicki" sample still bangs!!!
Tweet me :D boredd at school
Coldest and most miserable baseball games ever
networking lol what r u up to!?
You annoy me!
we're here
Someone make me pasta 😍
nah, they'd call it "apples & apples" I bet, though.
their avatar isn't helpful either.
happy weekend to our fave followers what do u all do?we help the mentally disabled keep jobs/be independent
": “: Can anybody in 757 drive in the rain” <- yeah but I'm from 215 tho"..434 all day u been there! Ha
Mark your calendars! Juilliard Jazz Ensembles are performing the music of Horace Silver on Tuesday, Nov. 1 @ 8PM at Paul Hall
...Tallgrass - 2 unique firkins, Tyranena Brewery - Scurvy & next week; Furthermore Fatty Firkin Friday. Stay tuned for more details....
#4C11 learned a lot about peer review yesterday in focus group discussion w/ really creative teachers. Wish I was teaching Monday to try
the wallets wide open tonight
Titanic and Battleship Barbie were the best. Please send us one!
My dad is making me try saki at PF Changs.
but not to English..
blessed thank you and u?
Saw a guy last night swinging dumbbells like they were golf clubs.
No, but my other half does, which makes me a busy single mom for a week. Are you going?
Ugh some people are so fucking stupid it makes me sick
That was Miami/Boston Over was as EASY as it gets guys! We LOVE winning plays with 8 minutes to go in the game!
GM Tweety Pies. Getting the hair done before I hit the road with
Them niggas that be tryna cake all the damn time be the ones being hoes .
i pray for the something every night i wonde if god hears me he knows where my thoughts are i tell him i just wanna be happy again
The 8 yr old: Mom, how did Juliet know Romeo was her One? Me: Because he made her want to kill herself.
Idk she is being a butt face /:
Happy Monday! Hope you had a wonderful St. Patrick's weekend!!!
yes! Good memory and thank you!
Happy Birthday :-)
god is always by your side no matter what I will keep you in my prayers :)
Right back at you!
I love my name!
real recognize real brahh.
RT Be part of #AchieversTweet in @ successmagazine . Tweet your best sales tip.
“: Now leaving Sheboygan...alive!” phew!!!!
hey :) how are you?
I'm calling it right now -- 'wandering-kids' is this year's 'kids-falling-out-of-windows.' Mark my words.....
Yo , sorry I was le dead yesterday. My primer is almost complete... should I back-date to yesterday or just this morning?
Well, begs to differ. Some serious competition.
work, work, work
#quooores I WANNA BE IN UR TEAM :D
“: New Naish boards came in today! Come in and check them out! Skate night tonight!!!”
Advertise and network your business on MyBizXchange.com!
Bring on the
haha... Britains got talent... record that shit for me :)
I only go to work on days that don't end in a 'y'. ~ Robert Paul
This is true. And dumb. “: In Virginia, you are legally considered to be 21 years old on the day before your 21st birthday.”
Very Cool! And great to hear! Some amazing things happening in my life...NEVER give up on your dreams! Dream BIG friends!
We only bring each other tears and sorrow.</3
Greatly appreciate the RT on our upcoming Career Fair in
Already back at the hotel for the night...
hiding behind the couch so i dont have to get up and answer the door...
so....this is how you spend your days off?....whats next? Facebook?
For the record it wasn't me :(
too bad I got a zaba bowl which is better than your little ass burrito
Thomas Leonard Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion. - Jim Rohn
Any word on Chris Bosh's return?
I'm so into Draw Something. Its hard in my iphone though. Wanna play?
yes with your mouth closed AT THE SAME DAM TIME
On a dark, desert highway.. Cool wind in my hair :)
Yes, after two years of incredible campaigns we are ramping up for the biggest springtime advocacy season ever.
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime :)
i love when u say that:p
RMFT! ": This day is for the REAL mothers, not the "I wanted to have sex and ended up with IT" mothers."
so she was half naked with tattoos and a snapback on?
If it doesn't involve you, don't get involved.
Motley Crue's Wild Side.
It was a great weekend for new followers! Hello everyone! :) , , , , !
Ha! Someone is just afraid you might decide to make dinner.
i am on the waitlist for tomorrow!!!!! can't wait to see you!!!!
That image doesn't answer that question, but I would like to know the answer.
Your worth all of me, your worth every falling tear, your worth facing any fear, your gonna know all my love ever if its not enough.
Lol yeah it's such a classic song
Everyone should check out and add the people . I met Jolie and Mike from the site over the weekend. Truly two awesome people
lol by stop I actually meant keep goin with the #YouWasSexyUntil tweets
Rangers' Girardi and Staal go on offensive The Rangers waited a long time for Marc Staal to return to the lineup this season, and they in
*bows* At your service.
Can you guys venture to the city tomorrow night????
RT : Join for a sustainable lifestyle event for women 5/21 & 5/22 at The Nines. Save $225 by mentioning MindShare:...
: why be reduced? RT followers why I'm so reduced? sucks..
Painting the railings brown. They are starting to look like big pieces of chocolate now.
Yea sun drop girl...shake that back.
Happy birthday you ugly as fuck nigga
NOW FOLLOWING
Moho Collective, Extended Family, Son of the Sun, & Last Note on The Shakedown tomorrow night at 8pm on 98.9 The Buzz!
Jack Black should be casted to play Ronnie Van Zant. He was born to play the role.
Going to Bosco's for mother's day brunch!
Interviewer- "Mike Brown, how are you slowing them down?" Brown- "I don't know" coaching the lakers, in a nutshell. lol.
Thanks for following back :D
why should Trayvon have to answers zimmermans questions he was being stalked by a person he didnt know that wasnt a cop
#HumanCentipede2 is easily the best movie of all time. I am feeling oddly to do some sort of art and crafts project today.
Free Edge/Pole Pad up to $299 Value PLUS $300 Off Signature Series GoalSetter Basketball- sale ends 2/24 in #Cincinnati or #Powell locations
funny I got a lush shipment in today too!!! Tis the season!
K. I'll start walking
whenever, I'm down. Have you used your new clubs?
RT listening to bro giving us nutrition and diet lesson <3 love you bro
Throw some milk on her. Lick it off. Hoe. Ha.
I told my oldest that Boston Celtic players kick puppies. And I feel no shame in that. At all.
am sure the spam is helping, but you know what? That's GOOD. Spread the word, spammers! Go,
Thinking about big plans....
At the Blue Bayou for lunch....fancy.
Want to learn about the latest in dentistry? Visit www.ada.org
Al is a great representative for the OAA!
Historic trends: Dupont Legal Model > Convergence > Offshore service centers > AFAs > ACC Value Challenge
JES! Thanks man.
no way in HELL drives or even comfortably fits in that hybrid...seats all the way back and his knees are to the roof!!
Williams Setzers Graphic Design Wins Disney Opus Award. (August 11) Eyes & Ears that the DWCF issue of E&E (published in July 2010) receiv…
YOU inspire me in SO MANY ways. You are a beacon and a star.
life goal: to touch one of the german boys hair.
Playing with Facebook's New Timeline... What do you guys think of it?
oh tell her i said hai :)
"A girl's legs are her best friends, but the best of friends must part."
achoo...what happened? Snif, snif. I was in perfect health yesterday & today I have (achoo) all the yucky sypmtoms of the common cold.
I'm excited to work with a trainer tomorrow. Nervous, too.
People make the world go round...
"She's hot!" Noo, she isn't a temperature.
wake up and smell the coffee!!!!
#NDSA heard at / NDSA partners mtg, digital preservation is a lifestyle
This hurt my head. RT : The HAL 9000 was named by subtracting 1 from the name of the IBM 10000
Thanks for the follow! We have a lot of exciting things coming up in the next few months. We'll keep you posted!
There are more things in Heaven and Earth ...
Idk why the only teacher trying to cram a shit load of work in is Keating when every other teacher is pretty much done for the year -_-
I hope you enjoyed! RT : I'm about to eat some subway. lOl i havent eaten Zaxby's in about two weeks thanks to :D
At least my grandma is here
FL AG Pam Bondi to use your tax dollars to ensure women have high cost of basic health care. Way to look after consumers Pam...
Sometimes I wish technology was absent from my life for at least a day
Going golfing and coming back with more balls than you started with >>>>>
Celebrating the Boston Globe - Horn Book Awards tonight at Simmons College!
why? Aren't you using my credit card? LOL
So, you liked it when I said you have luxurious hair, but we're offended when I said you have flowing pubes? Learn to take a compliment.
#IfWeAreInARelationship you need to know that I sleep in a vat of yogurt.
trying to figure this out!!!!
Even The Weather Channel is talking about Joe Paterno.
#Wine Fact: A Balthazar is an oversized wine bottle that holds 16 standard wine bottles.
I would like to send a shot out to the Madison Fire Dept. for all their work shuttling drunks off to detox.
When Lil yo come home we gone str8 ball out..until then I'm just sitting back
all good choices. Never been to NO or Montreal. Any would be fun!
I remember those days when Vampires were scary.
Getting ready to start a productive week #AUDITION #Acting and killer workouts!
I think you're going to have to come visit us instead...
i'm not carrying anything with me this time. which unfortunately means i won't have the new H&G at TCAF.
- I think it might be Erin go Bragh but you were close enough. :)
you should let me use the bugatti... That way I can make sure the oil changes are done on time
#Surrey wickets are falling faster than Andrew Lansley's public support.
Good morning errybody!
coming to cali soon? I admit that I miss youu xo c:
Just arrived to in Chantilly, VA
Don't like Wednesday.
but you love me ;)
I just sent Dan Duquette the same gift I give all new GMs. The gift of dance. <billionaire jazz hands!>
maybe i should wear purple today -- it will match the circles under my eyes.
♬ 1996, Columbia Records drop Country Legend "Johnny Cash" from their roster of artists, he had been with the label 26 years ♬
I am looking for individuals/businesses who want to make $100 for every business referral that signs up.more info
is the best place. I need to go back.
I support the idea of clones for both of you.
I hate taking the
“: Wow. The meatballs sandwich at is fantastic!” thanks! Jake's favorite.
Bringing high quality, short run, NYC style theatre to a local NJ venue yet again.
Morgans Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
good to meet you on here! I used to call myself the Worst Missionary Ever - now I know there's a Very Worst out there.
I'm with Mix947austin, still have room for Pandora Tuesday press?
was channeling during my final on music of Japan, China, Korea, and Okinawa for Andy Sutton just now.
why doesn't Matt Ryan go long to Roddy White? He is always throwing deep to Julio. Easy read for CB. DBs sit on Roddy's routes.
i know i know i promised yall -round here would drop this week,but i feel like i give yall this single first n then drop the bomb!
Miami's largest 2-day business conference for women is heading down to the Gables' Miracle Theater! Over 700 women – Miami's smartest,...
Great presentation on networking from ! Thanks
Yvonne Manipon, mixed media reuse teaching artist w/ , and , hosts tonight's ArtWalk...
OH at NBA Legends Brunch "Technology is exciting. And exhausting, trying to keep up!"
patiently waiting for Madison to DM me back...
Hello Daniel. The "Boys" appreciate the follow. We'll share news on product, making homes greener and safer.
Oh fuck naw. He fell off the roof again -___-
#NHL cancels Young Stars tournament and overseas games for next season. Not good at all. Preparing for a
We got football back! Now if we can get online poker back that would be a good end to a screwed up year.
nah he looks like a fuckin garden gnome
you probably wont it just happens....something is in the back if your mind and ut keeps bothering you
I need to get my truck washed!
not sure i agree. I say we do what we can to get businesses here.
I walked into band late today and got no detention=
: Hey! I had biscuits & gravy for dinner too...go figure..lol..sending u an update email shortly! Look for it plz!
There's only one I know of, actually - Matthew Luke Sandoval. I live in hope that one day there will be more to collect!
Just because your friends don't always talk to you, doesn't mean they hate you..
Great! RT : Excited to learn more about Would love to connect and chat Monday! :)
Thanks for the follow.
and back at ya
she did i didnt !! i pretty much stayed sober the whole night!! i dont like getting drunk so i dont
We are on our way home. I dont know why but it feels like I'm going home after being gone for a really long run.
What you know about them Texas Boyz?
will you guys be attending in May? We will be there checking out the show floor with
What are yyou studying with the Purple Cone flowers?
oh we're jealous...oh wait! We're in that list! Thank you so much!
Another food truck Friday at cathedral square. #brewernation show us your beastmode and get $1 off any order more than $5
I just can't understand the hate surrounding #marvinsroom and #trustissues #takecare might be the dopest album this fall
My mom texting<<
I KNOW! It's about time! So stoked for us and you. =)
I epitomize lame. RT : Lame excuse.
TTG TRAIN TO GO
morphCARD is up. A new, a better way to gift card. Exchange unwanted gift cards. Buy cards online. Keep cards organized.
Battle of Atlanta World Karate Championship XLIII is June 17-18 . Join Us? Vacation in one of the world's most exciting citie
Spent three hours last night trying to figure out how to make the NES Zelda theme my ringtone. Now if only someone would call...
come see her I'm at home
Where is the nicest Greek place in Seattle?
Having hot coco!(:
Sure do! Thursdays at 7 on ! RT : KCTS has a Check Please?! I used to love that show on WTTW.
He likes it!! "it's kinda like baby food but it's good"
Let's meditate together either here or in Joliet soon.
Had WAY too much food....Im going to go die now.
Happy to sponsor the TalkNYC social and mobile conference in the hub of global advertising
As soon as it gets time to count the cash drawers on a Thursday night my thirst reaches an unbearable level.
Listen up folks, follow my boys from and the next time you need autobody repair work, receive 10% off... Follow them now!!!
City Fire Academy EMS program suspended bc of cheating ... scary.
Happy New Year!
YES all my dreams ": Yes, George RR Martin will indeed be signing books after his talk at #ala12"
the security guard thought you guys were tourists? :P
Now that you're dead it's kinda
Does the weekend to start on Thursday or Friday? Regardless, TONIGHT is LADIES NIGHT at Whiskey Chicks! All ladies free beer from 10-11
Made Brownies from scratch for the first time! It worked!
Just had a three way conversation w/ over email, #facebook, and #twitter at the same time.
yeah haha Vegas does alright! Lol
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair. Hillary Clinton
HAPPY FIRST DAY OF SPRING!!! Finally I can take a swim!
Headed to Hotel Andaluz!
something is better than nothing.
Our #Haiti #earthquake one year report is now available online - www.medicalteams.org/haiti_report. Thank you, all, for your support!
Beautiful time to visit the wineries of Georgia and North Carolina. Cool and beautiful weather here.
Wow! Driver moves on.!
...nah it'd probably be both of you. fuckin' WHO WANKED IN THEIR BOXERS LAST NIGHT.
Hi, Noah! It's about people. With guns. And sniper rifles. It's a whole people/gun thing.
that's cute cj. Are ya shedding?
Is it just me or does Blake Griffin look like the love child of Bobby Flay and Frank Gore?
Watching someone you love , love someone else , is just pure agony.
#Mamasaid When it comes to my money my car my kids and my man STAND MY GROUND reguardless of what the situation is hmmp!
I will have to translate this one, will be interesting; thanks!
The is tentatively set to open at 3 pm this afternoon.
Mrs.Obama aka First Lady, I have twitted your husband about Black people need to STOP using the "N" word Ni**a/Ni**er. HELP
Why do people change their twitter names 93839292 times? Like wtf. There needs to be a limit.
Wow, wish him well for me!
Rickie Weeks did not have a good first swing. He forgot to hit the ball.
Buying Las Vegas Luxury #Home #Foreclosure at Auction
In class doing absolutely nothing -_-
Your the closest to heaven that ill ever be
Enjoyed this post. Hope you're following me as well. Kind wishes.
Check out Eminems new album Bad Meets Evil new 2011
SWEAR!!!That's Childish
my guess is 127
Lost All My 750 Of My Contacts In My Phone Send Me A Text With Your Name And Number. Please
With today's win, #Cavs only 4.5 games behind division leading #Bulls. Clearly *cough cough* there for the *cough* taking...
anytime, Captain Awesome!!! Sorry we missed you!!!
How is the Post's app? Haven't tried it. Website maddening enough already.
Women don't know what they want.. Men don't know what they have..
The way a LOT of women act NOW is from the actions of men..."so called" men
Garb of justice
8 free games for us next year!!!
It's embarrassing to accidentally un-mute Angry Birds while playing it in the men's room stall at work. Or so I'm told.
You're very special... Like a retarded kid.
Only in wrestling can "smart" and "internet crowd" be used in the same sentence without irony.
I wish I could backspace my mistakes, && delete unwanted memories.
The Basia Show is now following our friend Dwayne Bravo.
Touchdown!!!! GO POKES!
Be quick, but don't hurry
"Some of the bodies received heavy blows, caused by large implements (tree trunks?)" Tree trunks? Really? Were they attacked by giants?
Third night homeless third hotel tough life you'll find me trying out the bar stools in the lounge with a cocktail in my hand
Harvard Libraries major restructure. Very scary. Will def be following
- thanks for an awesome kegger and auction. Love the earrings I won!
The Mango team is busy gearing up for an exciting announcement on Wednesday. Can you guess what's coming up? Care for a few hints?
Don't you ever believe.
word is the hold up is Cal trying to work out a deal with Memphis for assistant Tony Barbee to be his replacement
Zuckerberg only wanted Instagram because he heard that the Winklevoss brothers bought Hipstamatic and he wanted the same thing but better.
good luck on that test brah
Savannah Guthrie is hilarious! She needs to get more segments!
What??? They gave up 4.33 goals per game in that series. D was Swiss cheese and Bryz couldn't stop a beach ball.
If AJ had made the trade---Nick Canepa would have classified the move as the best SD trade in twenty years.
Remember social awkwardness at 7th grade dances? Yeah it's a lot like that.
mother efffer why are we so broke. well we only need $20 between the 3 of us.. we can just bump dollars off randoms
DOWNLOAD #YOURGIRLDOESPARTY IN TWO HOURS NEW MIXTAPE HOT ASS GUESTS ON IT. Its free.
He is a poor son whose sonship does not make him desire to serve all men's mothers. ~Harry Emerson Fosdick
Do you have a favorite bear from a book? Baloo, Baby Bear. Corduroy, maybe Paddington Bear - which one do you remember?
This tweet is intentionally blank, except for this brief text message.
Yes it does
Best fast food salads...
or the newest drink at Jamba Juice
The biggest party downtown is @ Sky Lounge Night Club on 2nd. St. & Washington.Tonight 18 +, 4 Dj's playing the best Hip hop & top 40 music
MAY THE FOURTH BE WITH YOU.
sounds like a nice server :)
miss another day n ima cry bro swear.
Mimi (Miracle, our cat) said she might make one. :]
Crude Oil Prices Fall To Lowest Level In Months via
My girl takes 4ever
Now I"m thirsty...
I never eazy cause of that reason alone.....lol.
it is lovely having you back home, and having over to drink really bad wine. Washington should stick to Syrah!
Wahhhhh someone nurse me back to health...
The Top 20 Greatest San Francisco Musicians: The Complete List
dont be sad your Mahomies are here for you and when we see you sad it makes us sad so please cheer up baby <3
thanks for the follow.
“: I knw ain't sleep up cuz she on dat grave yard”>>> #Lerkin getting my paper💰
I still love that I met at #SXSW12. Haven't gotten up nerve to email him re campaign for in Nice Jewish Guys 2013.
Looking forward to working w/my new student assistant starting today & hopefully creating another #archives convert!
2 + years in Baltimore & the Wire cast member sighting has finally happened: Kima Greggs, Charles Village FedEx store. Swoon.
Yet again she tweeted symmetry, proportion, harmony, and regularity
You rang?
So, it's for "fun" but these Zynga players are actually spending a lot of money.
thank you.
I went up to krogers they talm bout they gone hire me and i aint hear shit im finna hop on dat white girl and start my own binez
MT : Clearly I can't make anyone watch #thesingoff, but if #ACappella, singing or good music is your thing check out NBC at 8pm!
So, what are u up to?asks the person in the adjacent toilet
I'm burning myself out... But I know if I push through this, I will find power within.
The only thing getting me through this day is the fact that I'm excused from 8th and 9th
Time to tweet!
Were I ever in the position to take them up on their escapes, I would, too! Have you ever been on one?
had cheese & meat. Simple but it looked good. Let's see what else we can find. The fruit is a must have.
On bridezilla..I would be the only nigga to go #HAM and call off
BaaHahaHaaa...these Smuts r hilarious
thank you sir!!!
“: Strongly missing and at the moment...” we miss you too!
Absolutely right. ABC showed class by not replaying wreck until McClure's condition was known.
Little kids, broo... these days!
Wishing I had some chocolate covered raisins left... Or any candy...
y'all need to find JESUS!! lls....whats gucci wit y'all pretty ladies!?!
Ordering a Soft Trap instrumental from Ellis
"Personally I'm always ready 2 learn, although I dont always like being taught." Ha! Had a blast on Sat. @ fawn tavern! Thanks all! Voodoo
#admitit your avatar is the best photo that you have-,-V
yeah but that's just the tip of the iceberg
is it a good look for anyone??? And no, the moms seem immune.
Headed out to see the avengers this afternoon....
Damn! We just heard that Porcelain Raft dropped off the White Denim show in Madison tonight.
Buns are without a doubt the best hairstyle known to women.
Looking for a Junior HR rep with 2-3yrs exp for CMG -email me at The job is also posted on linkedin
well, he's an OSU fan and he thinks his car is a wrecking tool. Haha.
this is my favorite golf course... actually love it
Jumping in DiRT3. The more previews I see for Showdown the more I am leaning towards not purchasing the game :( I want DiRT4!
what happened to Campbells hair? he look good ! Christian look soo hot!
ha. i was probably wrong.
#ConfessionNight I live in ATL!!! Peace up... A town down!!!
""Honestly I think he is going to have a bigger year than me this year."
I don't get why I put everyone before my self and end up feeling stupid
Just reread my last tweet. I said it was a DM. It should have been sent in an email. Thanks for your patience!
that i used my #apple magic trackpad to learn how to change its batteries makes sense. what doesn't? they lasted 1 month.
Alright. I've overclocked my gpu too much apparently. My PC is gonna go up in flames.
Thanks for following me LuckybatBooks!
RT : We were proud to be part of this amazing event!
Been thuggin all my life cant say i dont deserve to take a break .
WHOA!!!! // RT : ...Bobcats will interview Mike Dunlap, associate head coach at St. John's U
If followed me for my cousins bday gift (her bday was 2 days ago) SHE WILL BE THE HAPPIES GIRL EVER CAUSE SHE LOVES PEYTON A LOT
Prayers out to everyone now...God bless!
T Plush. T minus 10 minutes w
vat . I checked online that Im close to being overweight but your saying Im fat. Well thanks mom .: l
come out!
were u at bro
Thanks alot MillerCoors - the youngster now busting out with the 'Miller 64' sea chant at random moments
#niners better smash on the #giants bring the a-game fellas
Your the most annoying person in the world.
Happy Birthday John Butler you fool. You are greatly missed. Jesus Christ~
What a beautiful day!!!!
Developers: How do you use social media? How can we help you?
Facebook says you're 23 so...
That is one option.
Having a bad attitude will not get you the position you want to play.
Watchingg This Moviee Called "The Good Witch"(:
The format is a little wacky, but a good start!
Golfers are only able to make an eagle or an hole in one with the help of friendly otherworlders that love golf & those golfers.
Thanks for the follow, Janaya.
ME!!!! you know the one who LOVES "..." yeah who you said
Sleep is for people who only have one nervous system.
S/O to and his Clippers. Beat Spurs, Sincerely a Mavericks fan
Way to go RGIII!
don't lie
congratulations Michelle - what age group are you writing for?
I'm sorry but the Yotes are boring even if they get past Hawks don't see them besting Blues or Preds
are you home?
Ohmigosh - have you seen the tweet->tapestry at #SJMQT by ? It's so cool - tweet a color and the tapestry turns that color!
Q2 keep client focused on identified need and learning objective. This helps discard unnecessary bells and whistles
Students want to do something that could impress future employers, constantly updating their e-portfolios - Shelly McCoy
Boker tov to Day 2 of the Wexner Grad Fellows Orientation at pearlstone! Happy to be with
Great first #tp12. Really interesting to see all the different loglines, see what works, what doesn't. Kudos.
stupid is as stupid does
I can't make any promises..what time is the party?
Today was a good day!!
"LJ is a great American. Yes, indeedy!" John Short.
interesting indeed. not surprising, but definitely interesting! -esp re:privacy issues. like a digital Up Series? wow
and as much nutritional value as catsup... “: Good news, everybody! Pepper spray is a vegetable, too!”
You did not see that movie on a plane, you liars.
see you there!
is cooking Bulgarian banitsa...m
I thought I was the only one that didn't care for it. Omg. Finally, I'm not the only one.
I ignored the internets for a few days. Apparently Kirk Cameron is still alive.
My sun sesh was cut too short with :( Time to go pick up Bella & take her to her vet appointment.
let them have divisiveness. It's all they've got.
my dog is too high class for sugar cookies, she prefers cocaine ;)
12,000 lobbyists... 535 Members of Congress. One hundred serve in U.S. Senate, while 435 serve in the U.S. House of Representatives.
“: your avi >>> thanks for the follow :)” no thank you
Thanks for the follow...here's to sharing some great quotes!
WATCH ME GET THE LYRICS WRONG
Tyler the Creator punk'd The Wanted their first time in America??! Yeah, that'll make us look great. -__-
that is awesome!
no one jus made a status on fb look at it
About to watch armegeddon and get on shitcam Stickam lol, I really wish my phone had service
time to buy your sweet life ticket. get. on. it. otherwise i'm getting one for you.
I think I'm getting too old to wear heels.
LOL RT GOD THIS NON RETINA LAPTOP DISPLAY IS LIKE STARING AT A JUMBOTRON POINT BLANK
That's what I was paging about. thanks
Who is this idiot
Here we fucking go
Wtf is this?
Going to Walmart, then my bestfriends. Cause yolooooo.
Match Of The Year in my book
well, there are 162 games and we've only played 36 games. no problem with people being frustrated, but booing him at home?
I bet knows... RT : Any word yet when Justin Bieber's new single comes out?
“: Do I miss you? Yeah. Do I want you back? No.”
for sure, but knowing tht ur sad & shldnt b is better than being sad and feeling that u deserve it.
not too sure i am ok with king starting, would have liked nelson
Maybe this is sad but true
Great day to be in Miami. Marlins opening day and Heat have OKC in town. Wish I was there for these festivities
my wiener was in the right place at the right time :) I feel lucky!
Limited edition #wonk T-shirts will be available (free) from 2-4 on the #AmericanU quad today. 1 per WONK.
The Quiet.
Rihanna The Queen!!!!
I will be more stable with time during next session. Hope you guys had a great time. I will contact you for updates.Thanks
is so cute on right now. I think we are soulmates...
why does she tweet you but not her other fans
Running on pure adrenaline and high emotions now until tomorrow evening forsure. Can't wait to see my girls
I think we'll have a contest where we'll give away some Happy Black Friday Cakes - getting it setup now
not yet but soon! We will let you know when we can open the doors!
Anyone have any knowlege about the UIC PM HI Certificate On-Line Program? Opinions? Valuable?
Christmas commercials are the best-worst commercials a year. Amazingly bad. And hilarious.
Who are some must follow #ROC ers??
Why isn't biggie the picture on google today?
So true!!! That's why I always end up buying something ;)
Dear Mosquito, my blood is very valuable. Back off. Sincerely, Annoyed Human. P.S. I think I squished your cousin. I have 11 Bites!
Hulk steals the show in The ! So many awesome moments. Have to see it at least 3 times :)
I got pizza
Itz funny how people can get madd wen u stop hittin dem up.... Wtf u got my # too & my phone dont never ring but idgaf!!!
The greatest bromance of all time. <3
this morning. Omfg. It was so cute.
Fun Fact: the Cubs still owe Soriano almost $50 million
Go Clippers!
Enjoy FREE lunch for your VOTE on Facebook with Chase Community Giving! May 19th @ noon! 6160 Mission Gorge Road Ste 204 SD, CA 92120!
i HATED it's always sunny in philadelphia at first,,,now i love it! lmao!
I could really go for a dream cake tonight :-)
Need Wake Up . Im Lonely -_-
You're ALWAYS good enough to be in a band. Every musician is always learning, so just ask some friends to pick up music and play!
Happy Friday!
"Money can't buy love but it improves your bargaining position" -Laurence J Peter
Tell him he can't sleep on your couch if he does
#whosgonnalose - Oklahoma v Stanford - Stanford will lose
Awesome weather...check #Orioles game...check #Caps game....check #Beer... Check check check!!!
Happy Labor Day! Half Price Sushi, Wine & Beer from 4-6pm!
Live Music at Varsity Bar! Rebecca at Loebe at 9pm! Jace N Lee at 11:30. $2.50 Cold Shots and free parking at University Coop with cover.
Andrew reminded me yesterday that "SOPA" means 'shut up' in Greek... :)
haha yeah they kinda do
im really sorry i didnt get to u sooner but i just saw it now lol
your on the phone with staff but the waits was 21 people to get help???
Mucking our Twit feeds with all your affiliate wares is not what Twitter is for.... Please stop
Long day and grind ahead. Barely slept last night which sucks!!!! Just want to go back to bed
I have heard great things about warranty service. I love their instruments, hopefully their service even more.
BREAKING: Bishop Morlino accepts recommendation of Platteville pastor and parish councils to allow St. Mary’s school to close
"pop-out a complete disk chassis for simple offsite storage. This makes it very easy for transportation" re: X-Array Technology...
why dont we just text about this instead...
I wish people would read #ebay descriptions before buying and now complaining, ugh
Predict the Rockies Regular Season correctly & Win $200!! Email answers to . The winner must live in Colorado. There is…
Looking at American Dad and my son is fighting sleep hard lol
I almost said the same thing. But they can do a year-old model for $299 at decent margins to sustain ecosystem.
Excited to be at to kick off #museumsadvocacy day!
Gotta do chores which of course sucks assLMAO...tweet and follow later...listening to SKY SCRAPER by Demi Lovato...she's awesome..lol...
Um, I think the idea is that we are supposed to invent it ourselves! ;-)
pet peeve: strangers on twitter who just tweet me links. really? does anyone click on that spam?
I feel your pain. I'm working on a project for school as well and just started brewing my first pot of the night. Good luck!
#ifihadanickeleverytime I forgot something, I'd be super rich, but I'd probably forget where I put my nickels...-_-;;
If your team loses, don't take it out on players...ask for a hug... Will bring you reality & you'll feel better.
Awesome. Can we use these on the website?
Look up amada anderson on facebook for all the latest news on how to register etc.
Dejected Sharks fans speak now!!
Enjoying an afternoon off with coffee, Jack White, and local politics.
The word 'studying' was made up of two words originally - 'students dying"
We need your help!!! Please tell all your friends to go on Cantina Laredo OKC and like us!!! Thanks
Well curly/wavy
don't hit me up if you don't have intentions on finishing the conversation.
Where can I listen to the game on the radio in KC?
I know! I'm already obsessed :-) RT : this is very cool!
when I was 18 I started taking music more seriously...started touring at 19 and knew it's what I wanted to do! :)
I'll bring cheesecake! :-)
That will be my first stop, then, after I make my move up north!
shutting down for 5 minutes. don't call or come by
don't worry all the peanut butter stuff is still there.
- Finah gone call it a night...
Got a little Coldplay now. You feeling better?
was that just an incredible political typography joke you just made? If so, you really win twitter (and my heart) today.
Hum...possibly true, gulp. RT ": An #Aries Zodiac Problem: No one's as assertive as you."
Thus far they are not biting. But the day is young.
Putting some outfits together for shows this summer #rockinit. New Website coming soon!!!
Timothy Donnelly :: I see why moderation is a useful principle, at times, in life, of course, but in art, I just don’t get it.
Matthew 22: 36-40. You got one justifying inequality & hate?
i guess we're the only enlightened ones to have witnessed the movie magic of twelve
Gotta make the monies.
with my Family Supporting Cleveland Artist and Giving toys for less fortunate Kids
Another writing day? Why, I don't mind if I do. #semesterisfinallyover :-)
Not sure if I'm looking forward to my official commencement of my first full marathon training. A tad intimidated is an understatement.
Egan: Microsoft has all sorts of tricky ways to hide from you the fact that ppt isn't good for telling stories
thanks for the fucking concert in your home town 303 Denver.
I don't think i'll be sleeping tonight
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture
Truth... One word that has a lot of meaning.
myy bad but yeah
I haven't said Bitch all day. Wth going on?
great meeting with leader , get ready! There's a good partnership here...
: Jst had cnversation w/Omniar abt their proposed AR soln. They said they're talking w/u next week. They have fresh ideas...
Flopping all over the place
I was in Costa Rica last month it was pretty awesome!
Got fog in my eyelashes running Westridge this morning. Now wired on Peet's.
It's the first night of basketball league. Good luck to all of our OSBLN members participating!
Jordan if you keep cutting your hair you're gonna have no hair left to style
Them-Knock knock.... Me-WTF...... Them- Sorry time to wake up...... Me-REALLY!!!!! I just got in @ 1am.. Them-Sorry. Me- To F$ing late I'm
yea It's crazy
you know I'm probably going to get some form of crazy mutation sitting next to this hotspot
Thank you so much for following me. You made my day <3
can't think of any other person who I can feel the same about after 5 years of disconnect who will always tug the heart strings. :)
and thank you for the mention too!
#RT for a goodnight mention
him and his music and can't wait to have kids so they can love him too! :-)
LookN for 1 Hell of a Storm!!
Big tings a gwan.
thanks for the shout out!
when im not supose to be.
Terrill Lee Panicked? Damn spell checker??
#thaiacupressure is one way to treat acute and chronic orthopedic disorders. Meet and choose from 60 Thai Acupressure routines.
hahahaha! You're cute :)
I love my mommy:)thanks mom for ever thing u do!! []RT
RT : Excited to kick-off Digital Marketing Strategies w/ at #pdxdms > Me too!
#ThankYouEdge for the great matches u gave us!!!
we are meeting in the u of i conference room... last day of class at the alehouse (they don't know that yet) ;)
and you'd swoop down low only to gain more air
RT I better get my goodnight txt
Happy Holidays from Duane your Seventy Sixes barber, As yo uh know we are growing and we added two morebarb
Heading back to Baltimore. Getting ready to karaoke!?!
Your lawyers may be somewhat less aggressive (think UT-TV powerpoint!)
worth it!
Seriously--five calls in the past 45 minutes. And we're on record as having given $$ to the other party. It's ridiculous.
Fuck it I'm start walking to the BART this season is over
Yamaha dxs from the 90s, those things should be burned.
I'm trying not to have to an attitude or get mad at him but Damn its hard ... I'm doing everything to stay calm kus I'm boutta loose it !
Heading to San Jose for #ATA2012, couldn't be more excited to see the latest in #telemedicine! We're in booth 1027 demoing Visimeet.
My twitter is blowing up about #thesave and As it should be!!!! :)
We're live in 20 mins from Buffalo Wild Wings on University! Tune in, or better yet, stop by!
Hey! Right now I'm doing some freelance work and groping my way to another job. How about you?
I have some long URLs to cite on an essay, and feel like using bit.ly to shorten them would make it easier for my professor. Thoughts?
was fishing for a sweet dessert turd joke but I guess Olive Garden really did underwhelm you.
At #uwcelebration thanking United Way donors for raising $22,005,560 for their community. Highest amount ever
class tomorrow. 930-545 yikess. but looking forward to spanish. love how i have the same spanish teacher i had in hs in college now lol
Yankees?! RT: “: Let me know next time we can meet up! I'd love to fit you for a new Yankees jersey.
It's tee shirt time hahaha
I swear this was the longest 20minutes
I dunno, I like sideling hill, the one with the big farm stand
#notetoself : power balance bands do not help when highly intoxicated.
New Balance: The official shoe of my life.
”We must work on sentence structure. Also, look in the mirror to check your skin tone.”
everyone. right now; please follow my instagram! nicole_eidelman it would honestly mean so much!
Boeing race last night but good night for the 24-48-88-5!! Great job!!
oh, just for days? ;)
HELL why does my location say Bryn Mawr....I live in St. Louis Park! someone help me. haha
I didn't know you were mad.......
Club scene for the bro bday bottles on deck Haaan
We're looking for experts on in-house Competitive Intelligence for a client. Email if you're the one or know someone.
What's the difference between uploading and downloading?? Couldn't "mobile upload" albums also be called "mobile downloads"?
I'm an idiot & now realize that you thought I recognized you from here. Nope, just actually remembered you!
knowing I don't have softball practice today >>>
I enjoyed watching "Smash"!
What a huge win for !! First win road win over a Big 10 team ranked in the top 10 in 32 years!!!!
You said you were okay. But in reality, you're just sad.
4,500 what - calories? Yep, when correctly consuming queso the cals tend to pile up.
I'm mad she don't know where one is
Everything was made so convenient to rush out the door to work that good old fashion nutrition (from the soil) lost out.
Nice meeting you, too!
No I've been going to school. It just recently started back and now I only have it on Thursdays. So it's not like a big deal.
im down, I think were going to have a party. yeah it suck thats why I deactivated mine
thanks for the tv broadcast news
Please never say 'twitter twaddle' again.
they didnt send u coverage
Yes, can you email the file and we will print and ship.
I have absolutely no idea yet... Lol, but I'm really thinking about it
Good morning all, it is hump day time to become prosperous n many ways that God has bless us with seek it and find it because it is ur gift
136 Cappers with their FB plays for tonight and into the weekend posted with 3 consensus so far with the Ov. 70.5 in Houston very strong
Nice to see you! Que pasa?
10% OFF Jersey Mikes! Only w/ a
u in san antonio right
Gordon Gartrel swag
I know.. haha. Fat people playing a sport? Thanks but no thanks. (:
t i am going to watch this video until i go to sleep let's get this to a million views in 1 week
so my day turned out alright. just got some shit on my mind tho
"A judge is a law student who marks his own examination papers." -H.L. Mencken
obviously it's april fools day ;) x
Nice line, if I say so myself, however...
my undies go through so much. I think they're organizing a union.
Tag books in the catalog for easier readers advisory. Allow customers to tag as well.
But sadly I knew I should have been quicker
miss you, Hugh! Wish you were here Fondly remembering your talk last year.
Leap year 2012, yes in deed February has 29 days, Good morning bright and smiling faces
While they (Nat archives ) didn't get many content rich questions they picked up followers & a wiki was enriched
love this
Yo momma so fat she jumped in the air and got stuck.
I just ate something absolutely delicious and I have no idea what kind of animal it was.
good to know. It's pretty much useless here in NM. It will catch on about the time something new happens.
Bob Marley 4/20 I wish I still celebrated
Strange...i just saw a hippo on TV today and now here you are in my life! :p
lets get this to trends:
Hi Juli! I'm a big supporter of Backspace and so glad you were able to attend that panel.
Big up Lady Saw! Listening to your music right now!
Congrats! Would love to work with your team sometime!
Where's my sister with my waterr!
watching your show. FUNNY FUNNY FUNNY
hellz yeah crazy play from harden
That awkward moment when ur teacher looks at u like she's gunna yell then she says "u get a new cellphone cover??"
Eating tonight at Fogo de Chão. Anyone ever been? All-you-can-eat steak is sounding pretty good to this Texan.
christmas eve...doin' nothin' but chillin'<<<gonna help my aunts nd ma cook some pies later on for Xmas!!!
he turns the tables up that's the hook right thur!!!
Unbelievable win by Towson lacrosse! Down 9-3 in the fourth quarter. Wins in 2nd OT. Freshman Justin Mabus with winner.
When your trying so hard to make everyone happy, and nothing goes right.
what up money? You had a chance to work on something yet? ... Btw!!! GOOD MORNING!!!
#Educause10 just got a box of kandy kakes across from Educause central. That made my day!
lol good look on the correction
Went to visit family. Am back now.
Well, you would know something about being a great guy -- from personal experience with your personal self.
It was worth a try.
Bad season in CHI town , same BS injures Football , Basketball
RIP Steve Jobs
Just checked out the new menu for the new Logan Circle MANY more vegetarian selections! SO excited!
Let's go celtics!
hey cuzzo wats ur number. I lost my contacts
tell me about it...only basketball we have is 2K12.
What's up? Long time know here from. Have a good night.
no it was perfect and made me laugh! I'm not vanishing, just spending more time with my diss :)
Probably not, because part of the definition is "consistency" year to year.
Add me on Facebook. It's on my profile. Want to email you an option in commercial re
High five,
I'm good hbu?
We have all changed soo much since middle school..
Ah another beautiful day and I have to work...
Partying it up with
First final today #letsgooo 🙏
Sunday Club Superior on Beale..... ITS A PARTY!!!
<= Proud Lesbian!! Grad student, lover of friends, purple, makeup, high heels, Vodka, clothes, shopping and a great debate!! Lol
yeah. I just can't justify shelling out 50bucks for it. Only seen at a couple cons.
Thanks Jesse!!
night Dave
Some god puck on tonight!
Martin fucking hilarious
Great line-up of booths today: LES Girls Club, artist Anton Van Dalen, Thin Air Video & Bullet Space! 12-8 pm
you didn't even following me :(.. Remember.. I'll go from Holland to Miami this summer for you, and you didn't even follow :(
Don't forget it's Cinco de Mayo tomorrow! If you need any wristbands, stop by our office in midtown Atlanta! We're open today until 5:30pm.
#Davidoff: "The biggest barrier to #MissionDrivenMarketing is leadership: executives, board, everyone,..."
what do you think of the JDS and Cain Valasquez fight of the first on ?
terrible track but ppl will let it cook *smh*
R&&B floww
where is that smell coming from
The water in the fountains at Triangle Park is dark red...
#teamwork it's what we do!
: D Welcome!
Thanks for the follow!
Fireballs may need to be the new jack honey!
Dont judge nobody unless u walk in there shoes
Watching Austin's old Ustreams <3 :')
It's the tail-end of #aam2012 and I am exhausted & exhilerated. Lots of intriguing people to follow, new connections and friends. Huzzah!
it's the least i can do for fantastic, wonderful people like yourselves. let us know when you get back on the road! xo
I would worry less about unique teams and just focus more on what the goal of the team is and who you want to play the most.
Yep, again.
Seriously. Where the fuck is everyone?
Book is on the different medication and nutrition strategies for ADHD. Going into some of the genetics of the disorder as well
Downloading music.
yea im gucci at work bored out my mind
Great pic! Yes, only one more day left in the season *sniff* Hopefully October will be kind to us with a great new harvest!
Thank you for providing free wifi in the hotel & conf space for web & mobile profs! Oft overlooked.
Super awesome day with and .... Thanks guys! Time to head home and decide about Phoenix! :)
Ordering dance costume!!! 💃
it's not against the law I can
I love being bad. Because ima a bad girl and
but of COURSE!! :)
#BackInElementarySchool we used to play "Titanic" in P.E and it was the shit
no I won't buy in for at least a few months. Never buy the hype
thinks belts are a great way to express opinions.
#300KMAHOMIES YES!!! MORE TO THE FAMILY! <3 THE FAMILY WILL GROW EACH AND EVERYDAY [: DON'T GIVE UP!!
RT : How would you like to be out at Tattoosh Island? Sustained 69 mph, gust to 86
Happy President’s Day! If you’re stuck in the office, you might as well come in & enjoy a proper pint after work for a late celebration!
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Clueless and Breakfast at Tiffany's.
Sitting on my balcony Feels Good Out Here ;-)
In ten days... It will be, 11/11/11. Cool
I bet he threw up a boot!
It's 'cause nobody cares like Daniel James cares.
lmao regular show
The "reasonable suspicion" clause gives cops power to stop & search anyone for any reason. This so call "war on drugs" started this!
Someone just told me, " Ur way 2 beautiful 2 b listenin 2 music like that no disrespect" as in post-hardcore. Wait, what.
Do yourself a favor and let someone know you #Love them, even if it's #twitterlove ;)
Cotton swabs down your throat <
Thanks so much for the RT :)
Hawaiian Rule of the day. "Beauty is internal - looks mean nothing"
Rockys is worth the wait, plus they comped it. Free pizza always tastes better.
me 2 yo, this nigga just sent us home
Andre Igoudala dunks like he's too swole to play basketball.
“: I fucked up you fucked up we both fucked up”
Please pray for my cousin who passed away this afternoon!!! She is in #heaven..<3
Dodgers CF Matt Kemp is not in the lineup due to a hamstring injury on Monday. Kemp has played in 399 straight games.
#Thathighmoment When you figure out that the other person has no idea what the hell they are talking about.
New merchandise has arrived! Don't forget, 10% off Earth Friendly Products at BullFish in Baldwin Park
Check out my new show, M-F, 10-Noon on WNST. Follow us here on Twitter. Thanks, Bulldog
Trend #showyourhearts for the and !
fun is an understatement haha. Best part is we leave for Brazil tomorrow!
RT : ROFL If there is an app for CM - its out of date by the time you download it!
i'm so excited to see the hunger games :DD
LOL... I couldn't resist re-tweeting that one!
Aww :) ": You're writing about an assassin. I love you more. :D And I'm totally writing your pub house to beg them for an ARC."
Facebook to Pitch &#39;Life-Saving Tool&#39; on Tuesday
Finally began my cheese shoot for Didn't expect to start my morning roasting marshmallows. (Photos later, I promise.)
RT : follow back (Following now...)
I knew I could count on
I DIDN'T MEAN TO HURT YOU, I'M SO SORRY. DO YOU REALLY WANT ME TO LET GO OF HIM? I MISS YOU SO MUCH. PLEASE COMEBACK. :(
It's not a party until I fag out! And believe me I will!
Hahaha my friend said 'that's the last time I gave John Travolta a massage"- hilarious!
The mysterious bag was full of dirty gym clothes, but we took the necessary precautions to ensure the safety of our #BkSq guests.
Happy Early Birthday April ^.^ ;D !
is all done for the day at the office (www.3cpdx.com). See you all tomorrow! Good luck to all of the Olympic Athletes!
RT : Stuart #Chaifetz (dad of #Akian) was on 2day's CBS. Glad he's covering it. Changes R needed
Better start walking Young and we going to Game 6
Thanks for the follow, Phil
can I just see you soon??!
Okay, Nice Talking To You (: RT that's your opinion so yeah. And please I'm mad? You sound dumb af.
#shaq don't need to be up there on television talkin'...he need a hobby! Learn how to talk!!!
blake sorry af
So many shows coming up
somehow i've managed to work at jimmy johns for a year and this is the first time i've ever taken mine :P
lol may bad it was tempting xDDDD jkjkjk i wanted to see you reaction and true any car that we can use would be fine ;D
"a floor projection & eerie holographic work overturn, in a rather disquieting way, some fundamental notions of 3D space" - AiA about Snow
Oh & btw; I lost all my numbers, so text me. Cause I seriously have four contacts right now.
and prostitutes...
im gonna live my life no matter what we party tonight PARTY TIME IN A FEW HOURS (:
don't we all
I love it when ppl get their mic's off for talking too long at award shows!!!
Yes you can
know he know he supposed to hook that shit up
We have been conducting a US pilot with several cities and counties. Results have been encouraging.
When schools, teachers and students live and die by the numbers, they "juke the stats" a la The Wire.
I want a TV in my bathroom, ooh and cork floors!
Today, buyers start their purchasing process on the Internet, in the search engines, blogs, and social media
Hey I'm an optometrist in west Hollywood nice to meet you!
Visit sm4w for my boards. -> : Who has Pinterest boards. Names please.
New tattoo idea: Get a snowy Rochester logo with 'In Hetsko we trust' around it?
Congratulations to Modern Medicine's Top 100 Hospitals!
Dear bird-flipping robot, You do not know who you are messing with. I will crush you and use you as my personal bedpan. And stuff.
Do I have. Ur number. Or. Can u. Text / call me
The correct answer is always Nebraska.
dude...there should be a place where you can compete in "hunger games". but with paintball or laser tag...!!!
The body never lies. ~Martha Graham
Thanks to all the testers! RT : Snack Words status: Waiting For Review. Hooray!
Just published pictures of the rolling Meadows Custom ranch project at Ask The Kitchen Guy on FB. Check them out and LIKE us if you like.
The city never sleeps. Who still at it?
when did the day of the speech mean more than the substance of the speech?
Start planning your #weekend: #concerts Fri, Sat & Sun in Newton & Groton, MA and Deep River, CT
Hypothesis: Patton Oswalt has moved into complex, but not funny. Thoughts?
One year ago today on a rooftop at #midwestux, asked me to consider joining And what a year it has been.
The baked beans and mashed potatoes are great at Jaymer-Q BBQ. You can taste the fresh pork in the beans.
Sell your #JunkCar to us. #FastCashForJunkCars Right Now, We'll Quote You for free!
Thanks, Brian! You were awesome to work with. Thank you for choosing us :) Let us know if you need anything!
you know what could do for his birthday, yep thats right make me the most happiest person alive by following me(; *Hint, hint*
what the hell is goin on on pocket i keep hearing sirens
You people! I demand mercy! Justice! I was FEEDING MY SISTERS!!!
thank you :)
no way just give em a call today! It's easy
HaPPy New Year!
I don't discriminant, I like my girls chocolate or vanilla
Whats going on?
Im so tired of talking bout basketball now
Our horseshoe-shaped Circus Building was designed to accommodate the 500 ft. long Circus Parade, begun by Roy Arnold 1925.
#AmericaWants to get a full-page ad in USA TODAY. Please RT
you have a home here in Portland!
Life is going by soo fast.
Anytime my heart wants to stop beating so hard this morning...
Does he sleep in the humidor, or just have his locker in there? #Rockies : I'm getting a zillion jokes a second regarding Moyer
I was just makin sure lol. You should go 2 sleep now
placed 35th placed 30th out of 226 at Celeb Poker Tournament, what a wonderful + ruthless couple.
The subtle hilarities of Japanese television are amusing me to no end right now.
"Regular vacations are preventative medicine; they cut down on stress related illness & save health care dollars." www.travopoly.com/kini
The oldest poetry magazine in the US is Poet Lore founded in 1889. Do you read it? Do you know what you're missing? www.poetlore.com
Happy Friday Everyone! Getting ready to perform at the Temecula Wine Festival this weekend. Should be wonderful : ))
You say cray instead of crazy? I bet you came up with that all on your own. -- Condescending Wonka ()
what kind of dork posts a picture of hay and captions it "hey". oh wait, i just did that yesterday.
That is why they call it the beautiful game. Truly amazing.
RT Not sure that determinism is a meaningful construct anymore #TtW12 #D3 #C3 Affordances, conventions & constraints
Husker - Huskies game seems like Bizarro world. Huskers throwing, Bo upbeat at half, defense lacking. Weird. Fun, but weird.
I play in a band guitar is my instrument run on sentences are cool Fuck Twitter because no one cares
I use Zite (news app) on my iPad, it was in the entrepreneur section!
aw man and I missed it?! #gymdrama lol
If a turtle doesnt have a shell, is it naked or homeless?
When you embrace conviction you embrace a set that will give you a standard by which you must live.
where is cody!!!!!!???????? he is suposed to be on live! where are you cody
Congratulations to Washington State for passing a law to legalize same-sex marriage!
Sounds like fun. :)
Cheers! RT : Follow Friday!
me! you should put one up soon :)
we promise! what is bringing you here?
i live for the nights that i cant remember with the people that i wont forget ♥
Come one, come all to the #ChiliChallenge today in the Letterman Lobby from 11 am to 2 pm!
is Chesteron in IN or MI? I used to go to the dunes in MI. My mom is from Ludington, MI.
Enjoying a treat from always brightens my day.
Tweet us photos of your visit to The Stage using hashtag #thestagemiami for your chance at a $50 bar tab!
Oops/correction - and that they (our soldiers) can be home for Christmas)
Im all in
WOW that's freaking awesome! Gonna have to spin up that LaserDisc tonight in its honor!
Love less, care less, use your heart less and get hurt less.
K. As in Kershaw. Happy opening day, guys.
I think #Huckabee meant that the #GOP establishment, and not the rank and file, is uniting behind
RT : DW needs to stop talking.
Listening session . Checking out the masters of this club smash with and audio mcswagger
Right now I feel like an outcast with my family 😔
#nowplayin' carriage this song always reminds me of rainy days.
Anytime. I'm not afraid to admit that I'm an Olivia Hayes fan.
I liked it, can I get a follow? I support you
I love you and I miss you! <3 things aren't the same without you!
I'm here until Friday morning. :)
Poor little homeless fart...
