what's up hun :) x
a rite of passage kinda day at the theatre.
Sorry Ryan...not my area. Best of luck though.
I know i was sad
I miss you! I hope you're having fun at work! I love you hubby.
RT : I've set up shop at the Franchise Tax Board where all state tax returns are coming through. Can you say paper cut?...
I think my contact is stuck in my eye. Not pleasant.
do not stop following us. Just follow more people!
yes! You're right.
Just the first cheap target I thought up, but I agree. Gotta dig pretty deep to deem something "worst" of any form.
A little over 24 Hours to go until London Onsite Seminar with JHU and U of Westminster!
Hey, when you're here tomorrow, check-in on Facebook...we'd love a count! Thanks, and Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Fuck Chris Paul
;) make sure he knows it to! lol
Finally today is here!! Can't wait for GLEE tonight!!!!!
The difference between a girl and a cellphone? The phone has a "silent" mode.
Cherry's two-RBI single gives the Cajuns a 5-0 lead in the bottom of the fifth.
Once upon a time...nobody gave a fuck
Omw! Turn up the music bitches
hey dude. Sorry I missed you man! Drink on Thursday?
BTW, I had enough credits to get either a BA or a BS. I chose the BA, because it is more valuable.
Equality, is something I go hard for...
Working on some super exciting projects tonight!
We begin full production in January. No concerts scheduled here right now.
Def feel like I beasted my Biology Lecture final. #awesome now if only would finish.
Our premiere screening of #ScavengerHunt last night was a huge success! Thanks to and !
assuming you're not selling action for smaller things you're playing like VDS's, etc?
Anyone that REALLY wants to learn about using Social Media for Disaster Response is in
I should know better that tweets are locked! Lol -__-
Greedy, ungrateful & shameful Facebook's co-founder Eduardo Saverin gives up U.S citizenship to not pay taxes.
one of the most awkward moments of my adolescence: LL Cool J's "Doin' It" comes on the radio, my mom and i start singing it.
Did you get any good feedback on this? I'd love to look at inspiring designs for either (newspaper, newsletter). What is SND?
smoking trees/reading books until rogan at 6ish
curiosity! and work in social business / sustainable agriculture. what are you up to in tehran?
What took you so long!! Hehe! Aww I'm glad you loved it!! Miss you like crazy! Your heart's on my wall!xoxo
RT : Belt swinging at the first pitch on four-pitch K when #rockies Brothers walked the bases loaded with one out in the 8th wa ...
Wowza. Adding to grocery list. xx
Girly what are you talking about your gorgeous!
There's Romney flipping AGAIN! People boo, he changes/softens his stance to appease the audience.
Florence And The Machine for the rest of the night.
Feels like its going to be a good
You rang? :) I'll be in TX June 1-10. : oh yea....my video friend is him up and ask when he wil ...
trying to remember.....vaguely....
Guys bring Mistletoes to school and see how many kisses you can get!
might have one of the most clever names on twitter lol
RT soo wat. Im still taller nd biqqer : No I'm not because I'm older than you lol
Enjoy your own life without comparing it with that of another.
Yo mama so short she does backflips under the bed.
fuck all of the shitty potheads who are getting high today to celebrate hitler's birthday and the anniversary of columbine.
My alter-ego is getting on my nerves.
Who doesn't!!!!
wow all packer players are nice, but and take it to a new extreme!
Ha, you will get a kick out of the online dating entry, and it is all true.
We play moultrie again today!! hahahaha!
Congratulations to the COTELCO research associates that are preparing for graduation this week! We are extrememly proud!
Graveyard shift, 11pm-5am. What can make this ok? Goin on a kick while getN ready and dreaming bout warped. :)
Presenting in just under an hour.
don't you mean Bush?
Good bread, good meat, good Lawd let's eat!!
Happy Labor Day to all! Hope you have enjoyed the long weekend!
I got the teeth out! I have lots of ice cream and gauze.
#Girls is a great show.
Need Beats? Studio Time? Contact Us at: $30 For Regular Lease $40 For Premium Lease $100 For Exclusive Rights
If you do not know the person, then do not tag them in your tweet or facebook!
Class ended last week and students still sending me articles about #corpgov and what they learned in class. Guess I did ok as new professor
happy birthday best friend(: sorry I ate your cookie ill bring you another one tomorrow (: loveyou!
Well, it wasn't helmet to helmet.
Someday I'll make it back to DC.
Sounds like a good stop en route to class... RT District Commons & Burger, Tap & Shake open for dinner tonight.
I lightweight want a donut maker bc they don't have Tim Hortan's in Texas. Or Jolly Pirates. But would they taste the same? #Pause ❔
Teen Jeopardy. I got this in the bag.
I forgot to tweet a shout out I will tweet it right now
I haven't had the stout yet, but Chris said it was good
It's pretty awesome that so many radio stations do a local music show... Good on all of ya! Do you know of any? We'd love to check them out!
#Chargers finally have a running game again. Love it.
Group class tomorrow 9am!!!! Don't forget boot camp starts at 740!!!!!
Remeber all those times i swore i needed you? well consider them lies because baby here i am without you and i survived- lil wayne
radio on outside, ribs in the smoker, cold beer - something needs to balance all that out.
Before questioning my belief that Hawks must trade Kane, read the Deadspin,com Drunk Kane stuff.
oh c'monnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn we know you do it .
tony bennet singing = awesome and amazing...carrie underwood trying to duet with him = bad and trying too hard
haha I know..
this is all there is to it. You're tweeting! And if you follow me, you're one of my Tweeple.
if a person doesn't like you for you then they can find somebody else
volunteers helping us set up our program and serve the #homeless this morning!
EVERYTHING!!!! and it's stashed in his magic underpants ;)
Why did I ever think taking the highway was a better idea than the interstate?
how many times are you supposed to see a guy before you sleep with him?
I despise these Arby's commercials
: a wonderful thrift and vintage store on 4th St. Retro Row Long Beach.Most of the profits from their store go to charity.
For who ever is following me,THANK U SO MUCH FOR FOLLOWING! I really really appreciate it =P
yay Go Brewers!!
#Braun beats the pee test / needs a new energy drink? / exonerated.
pitch black heist just made my fucking day! awesome short at #TFF cant help but love Fassbender
Dear fourth grader on facebook, How are you in a complicated relationship? What'd he do, steal your animal crackers?
RT : I can't remember the last time I aced a test..
wow really is growing up....
OMGG ur moving 2 Miami!!! I'm so happy :) hope u like it! Have fun <3
Hail in St Francis, Cudahy, S MKE
Sen. appropriators eliminate interest subsidy on undergrad student loans during 6-month grace period to find $ to maintain max Pell
lmfao darren im laughing SO hard right now!!!! not supposed to do what?!
Not over you -Gavin Degraw
Love prezi. First saw it @ the SLA Fall TX Chpt. Meeting in Oct by April Kessler & Laura Young.
thanks FUR the follow Nam, i appreciate it :)
“: ": Heading to the drake to hear and trio" yayy!” cats are swingin!!!
- thanks, man! This whole thing just keeps getting more fun and feeling less difficult the longer I'm at it... awesome!
heck ya, let's get 'er done
Yep! Already planning a June edition. Stay tuned for details....#creativereads cc
Ha ass always talkin bout she a lady ????????NO1V
I will love and support the gift from the heavens that is Cody Robert Simpson <3 Stand behind him. And love him famous or not.
Tough one....We'll get em tomorrow. Go
Spent the afternoon checking out cool room designs for a great cause at #GoodShepherdCenter in downtown LA. Even had a Pink's Hot Dog!
RT : My Mom shared her birthday and her love of reading. For her, I #RTforLiteracy! Each RT=$1 from to
Thanks I ended up being able to access on a different browser and realized a cache clear would fix it... and it did :)
Do you use Foursquare? Checkin at Watts to take advantage of our new special!
or Mi-yayo
..if you're not by my side.
On the First day of Christmas my Black Hole gave to me...
Correction: saw security guard with handcuffs but kiefaber left chambers not wearing them.
Firecracker Salmon, lived up to its name.
Get your question on in just a few minutes. And to everyone else twitter us your comments and questions!
R E T W E E T if you want a shout out to 15,000+ followers! (Must be following ) He Will Shout You Out & FollowBack
“You don't find time to write. You make time. It's my job.” - Nora Roberts
Come to tampa 2
thanks and congratulations to the others!!!
Hospital, it sucks I hurt my arm bad!!!!
Thanks sir. I wish I could be in Daytona right now.
maybe it just wasnt my love story? God works in mysterious ways..
#ff great comedy and great music!
We sleepless like Seattle
My favorite kind of night...glued to the tube...severe weather coverage
Need lots of coffee after last night
In addition to the down payment and mortgage, you'll have to pay for closings costs, insurance and maintenance.
Congratulations! So happy for YOU!
A very tough night, but it is always darkest b4 the dawn, nothing worth having ever came easy...See you at Game 5!!!
Yes Directv, does get Redzone Channel.
CROCK POT CROCK POT! (Stupid Autocorrect...) Thank you for catching that!
new default ? i think so! haha
Good looks on the mention!
I want this cold to go away....I need a good bowl of Pho
coffee? Hell, need vodka! XO
Palin! She's just as empty-headed and equally photogenic!
the best vid ever #inspired gosh you dance Amazing!!😉😍😍😍
oh hey! see you there!
Good respnses so far, keep 'em coming: Enter to win tix to at Fri. Tweet your fave Audra role/video link by 4pm Wed.
Causey "race is universal"
Where you gonna watch it at?
"Phil Collins was, was, WAS ... an amazing musician."
I'm in! RT : Who wants to have a viewing party tonight to watch on America's Got Talent at 7pm??
Did you guys have anyone in the Firefighter Challenge this year?
You should be proud. You raised a good man.
It took a lot of popcorn, but I finally saw iron man 2. Pretty good
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose.
that's when they announce them.
Headed to SF next week, so #FF to all them Giants folk.
Auction tonight. Bring your stuff for next weeks auction starting tomorrow, 6-8-2010Bid Daddy Auctions 4814 Hardware Dr. NE Albuquerque, Nm
Busy busy day
That makes perfectly good sense: Jim's being Jim.
Hi Aaron - do you think that giving up Rudy Gay in a trade for Tyreke Evans is too much? Have Durant/Granger already. Thanks!!
"I wanna dance with somebody" #RIP Whitney
Do cardio..patience, dedication, persistence..good for the mind~body~spirit..truly is the fountain of youth..
I HAVE HEALTH WITH MY PEETABREAD TOMORROW. :D
Alcohol is like love. First kiss - magic. Second - marvelous. Third - typical. After that...you just take your clothes off.
How young were you? Too many 18-25 year olds have totally unrealistic expectations.
Sometimes I just sit on my couch and sob thinking about how much I miss Lisa 'Left Eye' Lopez.
#Austin no McCain, we didn't start the fire... I'm not illegal BTW
bombay gin dance
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself. Alfred Sheinwold
Any bands planning on recording a new album in 2012?
Whatsup world why am I still up I need someone to help me with this one
< You're welcome!
the class on browntickets was reading as sold out for some reason, might have pushed away some potential attendees
Do I have the greatest horses or what? They were so good today. Had a fantastic ride!
Thanks for the suggestions. I think my problem is likely motivation to begin than anything else
There is no "romantic" way to eat chocolate covered strawberries! You just look like a fool with chocolate dripping down your face.
He'll get picked off third.
Totally is inspired by the small things in life!!! simple joy and pleasure.
Uh oh, some staff here are going to face the students in a dodgeball tournament next Saturday. I'm sure they're looking forward to it.
Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you learn in school. ~ Muhammed Ali
Also a huge thank you to all of you who came from far and away lands, only to rage all day with us! thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Totally has more followers than woodfishluke!
nobody u BANNED...
because it's portugal... like, I have NO clue what the cities are in Portugal.
Watching the shameless cast
Josh Hamilton. Good at baseball.
Splitter kinda looks like he might be a serial killer... So look out for him on the streetz.. Fyi
bdizzle and j(12) escape again!!!!!!
"A hotdog walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender replies, ""Sorry, we don't serve food here""."
Yo son I just moved to Florida it's so sunny here lmao
And here comes the feeling I thought I'd forgotten.
is Sexy rel to Free TV Series onlineFollow my tweets
The fact that did well in Iowa says more about the people of IA than the fool they voted 2nd. Santorum lives up to his google.
lls if you was here today you woulda been called ALOT it was funny
f, i hate chain messages.. this is so effin terrible.
What are some of the #kosher highlights of your #Costco?
I don't. But I know someone who might be able to help.... , any advice on a Wacom tablet and/or Painter Essentials.
Today was terrible :(
Ipod headphones are too big for my ears? Weird.
Thanks so much for following me! Have a good day!
I guess it's homerun derby!!!
i am on my way to workout...and have a great day..hope u have one as well!!
R.I.P TRAYVON MARTIN GONE BUT NEVER FORGOTTEN!!!
Good morning !
Anthony Hope~ Boys will be boys. And even that wouldnt matter if only we could prevent girls from being girls.
Day last lets make it right
Again Techno foul when spammer gets ur moms email so now she sends out Viagra mail unknowingly 2 me lmao
You write like a real journalist. Love you.
Indeed...will fan you and feed you grapes :)
I know....I realized it was a bad decision after...
thanks so much Corey! God Bless
If Gladys goes home on #DWTS I will be so p***ed-off. Roshon is nothing compared to her style, grace, and entertainment experience.
RT : "Wait! If they crucify Cee Lo Green, that's awesome." --
Omg just saw on the orange carpet of the KCAs u look amazing love u forevz
. putting final touches on special report for - full of great news for me! See tonight at 9 on
Sunburn on my shoulders<<<
SOMEONE TAKE ME TO SEE THE HUNGER GAMES. FUCK.
homie..been a minute
When you start talkin crap about someone on Twitter, at least #subtweet them. Wow and you tell others to grow up..
RT Cutler-we know Jay is tough. We've seen it for two years. If he's out then he's hurt-period. Chicagoans know.
Hope everything's ok!
Wish I could see in Columbus tonight but I'm on my way to DC :/.
We are stealing away from Maryland in the dark of night, headed for a distant shore. Ready! Wish us Godspeed!
yay grandma!! thank you!! btw what day and what time are we going to aunt angie's next weekend?
It's the saddest, when a close friend treats you different, just because they met new friends.
You coming in tonight for Mar Dee Graw?
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld - The Lost Boys.
Don't do it. You will never know what it's like to live. To grow. To learn. To expand your horizons. Imagine how..
Follow the
Email from new author "An enthusiastic publicist is high on my list of great& valuable assets in this world" Too soon to drop the love bomb?
there for a whole hour so got home late & just decided to stay home. 😁
aye hmu wen u see this
Thank you! RT : : You guys are awesome.
The market manipulators fell short, but not by much. The DOW is down a bit less than 11 points.
I know u don't know me but I am related to u thru Christ. Prayed for u today as u walk into the lions den in NY! Courage&Boldness
Why would she wear white lipstic! She looks like the smoke-head from the Dave Chappelle show lol
Sore throat, too much to do and unsure how I'll get all my work done this week with three days away from my desk. I need a weekend do-over.
my fuuuckiiiing bad bitchhheees i been miss u so much who can talk ?
Can't wait to get off work and head to the gym. See some gym dick.
WE GOIN HARD IN THE PAINT ONCE AGAIN THIS THURSDAY!!! 1ST DRINK ON US!!! YEAH BABY KLUSOZ!!!
Hi Rob. You're very welcome.
I legit need a pen for realz mine died :(
<<<We might be on the same page but your in a whole different book>>>
it's okay, I have too. I miss you, also.
what class are you in?
I always sing the songs on the radio that I hate
For the #Grizzlies it's now like a 4th quarter "superstars are superstars" time.... Come on
Enjoyed a lively intellectual talk with superintendents and board members at the ISBA conference this morning.
In 1911 Lowell Thomas graduated from Valparaiso College, earning his BA in just 2 and a half years.
Masturbation vid vs celeb sex tape: the former is radical because nothing is or can be shielded, bodily or emotionally.
"I'm obsessed with ," says By creating a "living resume," she was able to have a great portfolio.
I know I know I know.
Catching up on homework.
What??! Tweeples blowing things out of proportion??! No way. No. way. ;)
You can't name another group of yungins we ain't hotter than
What a beautiful, sunny #Friday - perfect for outdoor dining! What's your favorite thing about dining #alfresco? Have you visited our patio?
"MGT is a population management tool of choice; the award of good conduct credits does not increase recidivism" Malcolm Young, Northwestern
Leaving on a jet plane, stuck in my head :)
yep...it's ok. Lots of designer stuff! I clearly found stuff to spend money on! Lol.
and LOVES - THANK YOU for the support!!
well I miss you more pretty lady!
Lookin' forward to doing a song swap w/ Kevin Higgins tonight @ Hondo's in Fredericksburg, TX! Show starts @ 7:30.
In Mr. Viv class listening to Love to love you baby by Donna Summers
You're not making any sense.
Didn't go to school ^.^
Claire, I'm so happy we became friends! We gotta keep in touch :) Have a fun few days in San Fran!
This was my quote in my senior year yearbook...so funny!
So many sweets I'm craving something healthy.
I'm blessed to have a powerful bloodline. That pedigree
Thanks for everyone's support last night at LSP, it was great to meet a lot of you after the game! Back to business for Saturday..
Public is liking NCSt due to recent strong performance vs UNC. More important factors than 1 recent game IMHO
Corporate America...there must be more to life than this....
It is extremely strange that we are even in the mess that we are in. libertarians are the true conservatives, conservatives lost their way
so it has enough room To tie girls shoes in it?
lmfao probly ive watched some before everybody has a stern confused look on there face
New profile picture. What do you guys think?
Going to the White House Tuesday to interview the First Lady!
what you see ya ? I'm envy :''
New topic - Olympus OM-D E-M5 and Star-Lapse or Astro Photography
70s transformed US politics away from middle class with aggressive lobbying from high 1%
Rough day! Off to bed and praying for a better tomorrow!!
digging the site!
How was the cruise with my pal Lowell?
My Sister (not into Social Media) Asked me to THANK all of you for the prayers during Fridays Devastating Tornadoes!! Sis, Bro n Law, ALL ♥
thank you :)
Researching #mozambique #lodging. Anyone have any ideas?
I fucks with
when are yall coming down ?
USDA ZERO DOWN Home Loans, Community Mortgage,Indiana lender 877-829-7161
RT "This has been a work in progress... for twelve years." Another reason why I love Sen. Julie Rosen.
that's what's up. “: #lazyday”
On that note, I'm going to check out for the night. Have a great one!
U'll be Ight RT : Thunder and Lightening be Scaring the Fuk Outta Me
You can join us anytime!
landscapers here are actually not that expensive. I used to have them all the time. But manual labor good for the boys' souls
Hey members! Did you know our 24 hr cust service # is located on ur member card? You can call them to help locate and/or reserve a #car2go!
#IRE brought us for the #Nicar12 conference to St. Louis, MO - any bar, restaurants, nightlife tips?
Working Crazylegs this morning with and Look for us giving "high-fives".
well for asking so nicely, we will send some swag your way! Let us get thru Nola and well get something to u!
What's a #supermoon?? My yoga instructor mentioned it today and I just saw something from Huffpost to tweet it if we see it this Sat.
How+it+Would+Work%3A+Destroying+an+Incoming+Killer+Asteroid+With+a+Nuclear+Blast
I have no excuse at all... Heat the better team this year .....
#erl12 habit was too exclude print resources from cancellation/use studies due to problem of capturing use
Why, hello there. Have fun and let us know what you think. RT I'm at Clyfford Still Museum (Denver, CO)
We're writers, rt? So our signage should be smart, witty. We need compendium of the best slogans. "We are not contingent," etc. Suggestions?
Ok, so I just realized that airports make me insanely irritable, put negative thoughts in my head, and give me gas
Morning! Dropping the princess to school.
That was breathtaking. Kept trying not to believe, but in the end, I cried a little. It was awesome to watch Holly get it. Sad.
I'm looking forward to the next time we meet so we can talk about "Collegetown Terrace," which I glimpsed for the first time today.
Just like a shoe.. If someone is meant for you they will just fit perfectly no forcing, not struggling & no pain.
“Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have
Why wats wrong?
no why?
Quote of the week! "Life begins at the end of your comfort zone" - Neal Donald Walsh
hm is smells so yummy baking cakes and cupakes for all!! call us to pick yours up!
I ACED MY ANATOMY TEST. 101 for the 9 weeks!!! EXEMPT!!!
#lsu oh my God the perfect storm is actually brewing ...
that makes me so much more excited
I see you're following more people..... execpt me ;( *tear*
Sexy UI from
That celtics game is going to make this Vegas trip amazing
Live every day like it's But especially today. Because it's actually
Holy shirts and pants.
new twitter name
Wisdom at Work presents: How to Make a Successful Career Transition today @ noon in the Rines.
how is my puppy doing ?
Thanks! You're uber smart too because you speak German!
I wish the boys actually still ran the onedirection twitter.
Bored. Hmu Me
Who wants to buy a computer?
Glad to serve up a great slice for ya.
I'd rather have a life of 'Oh wells' than a life of 'What ifs.' #YouOnlyLiveOnce<3
Sloppy joes and fried potatoes for dinner, definitely not in my diet but so good! :)
Rainy day blues cause me to choose to roll myself over and pound on the snooze.
you're welcome and thank you; happy UX building!
UNFOLLOW THIS PAGE NOW FOLLOW MY NEW ONE
Assignments after assignments!! It's going to be a long weekend :/
is it cherry season yet?
Happy Earth Day!
Kohl "We need a new facility. Beginning to make plans to get it done."
No problem! Please let us know if youre interested in promoting our touchscreens!
alright thanks!
OMG! I was in front row at Orlando too! is simply AMAZING. :D
#EV ers--help! I saw an adoption rate graph from early adopters to mainstream acceptance for new tech in an article but can't find it again.
that's wonderful , I'm a flirty type of guy, what's the web address?
I could use shout outs.
Congrats to OSU, they deserve to be in the national championship. I hope it won't be a rematch, it shouldn't be. Good luck to OSU!
and yet the parents of those adopted children cannot commit to each other before the state. shameful.
Just drove through WV with huge Obama 2012 sticker on my yes, Volvo station wagon. Saw huge anti Obama billboards.
Courtney has to get it from somewhere. I can't wait to meet her mom. #bachelor But then, I want to meet Godzilla too.
I WANT A FLASHING TOOTHBRUSH.
Happy Monday! Off to Tijuana for a full day of meetings!
First Don Cornelius, now Whitney. How much more of my childhood is going to be taken away this year.
haha no, i havn't been on twitter in a while xD
cc : Why did the emergency signal just interrupt radio with mo explanation?
watching Prince of Persia, hungry af. might make me some cheese eggs. wyd?
Deal of the Day!! Members, mention you saw this on FB or Twitter, and get $2 upgrades ALL DAY! Members have more fun at HT.
I would totally read that. But you'd need a heck of a reason for them to become a superhero in the first place under those circs.
Brady gets Sacked. amd now its 4rt and 12. Patriots Punts it...
hahaha I told you am from kuwait....and kuwait its the richest arab country if U dont know...so I speak a perfect arabic
Fun, muddy, laugh-filled wkend with & has come to an end. Always an adventure! Safe travels home.
iight I'm done, I'm keepin our relationship civil lol
Mel, you're the best!
Baby can you stop the rain...from falling.
Yep... heard those too! Wow.
Weeknight drinking is always a great decision. Fishbowls however, are not
Eating five guys with saramo! I love her the mostest!
In Austin where I met Act Naturally's leading man, Josh McVaney at Friday Night Lights S02 wrap party in SXSW in 2006 We've come full circle
Some yucks from WSJ: "Brooklyn and Portland now have something else in common besides food co-ops and bearded men wearing girls’ jeans..."
my dad just told my grandad was hip and in with the kids. oh dear
“: Nothing like a little breakfast in bed! Reason #57 to get hitched.” please refresh my memory what reasons 1-56 are...
are we talking on the phone tonight?
College girls drinking tonight, know that Friday is still a day of the week. A day you don’t want to spend vomiting!
"No ribs , no rice, no champagne..."
Let's meet up sometime there!
#SAYSOMETHIN is my favorite song<3
RT i kinda wanna be more than friends <':
draft 1pm!~chris im going to beast
anything is possible when it comes to him
this must stop
#kids Laugh Factory Thursdays: Laugh Factory Thursdays Monday, May 7, 2012 at 10:00 PM World Famous Laugh Factory 8001 Sunset Boulevard,...
Everyone go follo*rainbowxplosion* on Instagram for amazing rainbow collages!!
On earth, you'll never be sinless but it is possible to sin less.
help alex get #rocksmysocksoff trending <3
thanks. sounds really cool
Glad to have met at the #sgim2012 poster session. Him: Do you have my contact info? Me: I'm following you on Twitter!
I'd win so fast it'd be a waste of time :)
“: Netflix to announce $1 Million prize for the team that develops an algorithm for efficiently running the company.” LOL
June 2nd @ 3pm RT : when is ya graduation party ?
This life is worth living, we can say, since it is what we make it. -William James
I am so looking forward to 's novel!
i know dude thatd be awesome...
don't hate on the Big 12
I miss that balcony ;)
Let's change the world....
Tune in to Andy Johnson Now on FM 105.7 I was in studio with Andy Earlier
Except on Jersey Shore! Those dudes usually get painted as crazy when they flip out too.
Officially going to do my final dance to Your Guardian Angel by The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus
fuck highschool, please just get me out of here.
very interesting piece...should be read by all dems...
so true! I'll let you know what I find out about future screenings.
lmao omg stalker!!
maybe I included her too because you talked smack on her too . Just saying instead of tweeting it, say it to her face.
How do you even get a permit to build a city on rock and roll?
I said we got it going on at the Freedom School!!
Of course, I still want to keep in touch with all my #green tweeps. I'll still send out #FF and #EcoMonday shoutouts!
often (sadly) no - stuck in what works and why you have to do it that way because of this rule and that law
thanks, you too
warm water and 7up
Congrats on the new single & engagement! Can't wait to get the album on
Now I know how feels getting serenaded to reeaaally creepy xD is a creep!!!
Hey guys! My bestie's book comes out next week on November 3rd so go get yourself a copy!!! "Unsweetined: A memoir by Jodie Sweetin"
lol I tried to tweet you just a second ago.
Have a great time at the Eugene Marathon tomorrow.
“: He provokes it!! RT : Does The Donald enjoy the arguing?” oh he loves it!!
swaggie. :D Don't stress on the naps, plenty will be needed and had during the coming months
hey whats new how you been
but over looking the bird poop fetish lol arent they beautiful? lol yes proud mama lol
Congrats on your new website ! Looks fabulous!
Yep! With We're excited and hope to see ya out there! <33
Advice- do not take a muscle relaxer and then go walking.. with a 2 year old..
the list is not fair, except for City of God, all the others are US films RT The 10 most important black films of the decade
I'm sure these sentiments were taken under consideration. No one is truly happy with the final map.
Just got a "Tumara Nam Kya Haye?" in College Park. Finally putting my Hindi to work!
Its going to be a long night
I would do one back but your name is impossible to do haha
aw. I hope mine actually feel that way! Kids these days ;)
Happy Holidays and have a great 2012!
#1376 jason from both
what should I wear to dinner with the girls and then potentially out to a club? Hm.
Agreed. Glad I'm out of there.
I just finished a 1.41 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
weekend warrior! Go PATS
I don't appreciate being sick right now
Sleeping in my track t-shirt so that's one less thing I'll have to change into in the morning.
no its not...u don't do lawn chairs or popsicles...omgoodness no
Happy #Friday & thnx 4 joining us!
Brent Vest in court 2day.His prison sentence for killing his wife is 60 yrs,but he's asking to get out early. He'll be BACK in court Friday.
Need an excuse to come visit us? How about some new wines on our menu like Chalone Pinot Noir?
If your Facebook posts also go to Twitter but get truncated, you're doing a disservice to your followers on both channels.
is today the day you will follow me ? <3
So thats why everybody wants a fitness ball now ....
(2NIGHT) GRAD BASH @ STATUS... GRADS FREE ALL NITE - ALL ACTIVE UF GREEKS IN FREE BEFORE 12AM - ALL VIP GRADS DRINK FREE CHAMPAGNE
I Know is Tired of Cutting there Own Commercials, Just to Air the Other Ones, to Pay the Bills...
Its def easier to hate then love boy
how have you been?
Cats > Dogs.
At least say Hi to me so I can curb my obsession for you.
Shout out to the bros . Follow them!
Good night all Baaaah Me-e-eeeah
I left Dick Butkus in your car, just a heads up
about 20 minutes north. Looks like rain until nightfall.
RIP Dick Clark. You were the only thing stoping New Year's Rockin' Eve from becoming a complete douche-fest. You will be missed.
Viddy is annoying as shit on FB, why in the world do you need a whole damn app to just play the stupid videos.
you too!
Its a 90s rap reminiscing night....nothing touches 90s rap
Hey, I'm in one of my quixotic tilting-at-windmills flights right now. ;-)
Not pretty on the surface but face it..they were on the road last night so we shouldn't over react about it
The Texas Rangers Baseball Club and Steroid Mill. I think even their front office interns must be juicing.
I told my sister she looked like Jennifer Lawrence kind of.
Love the shout out to the Dice Man. #Oh!
hahahahaha that is so awesome
I always go for the underdogs when it comes to basketball.
Whenever I see someone that resembles someone I don't like I glare at them...anger issues much?
Are you at #adtech today? Jenn and Courtenay from our team are - if you see them, please say hi!
wtf to u too. O this is cheyenne
do I have to wear clothes for this #justdance3 #shirtsareforwork?!?
thanks for the follow
oh ok. But then dress cool. Or somethin like that for the party if there is guna be onee
And then assume everything all.good again
And I'm proud of that decision. I felt that I would have done a disservice to the state to vote in that instance
Seeing the for a second time at The Uptown! Yes, , it is the biggest screen in DC.
Getting to chuck things out a two-story window down a chute is definitely the best way to end a work day at my office job.
Not this again
lol nice. and on tiny chat
Last but certainly not the least #shoutout of the day... These guys rock! Happy Halloween!!!!
no love :(
I am now..."B-Diddy"
Teens - sign up 4 our BIG, county-wide Hunger Games event this Sat., 5:30-7:30pm @ Riverfront Sports. Games, trivia, food and MORE!
former #Sounders F Pat Noonan, selected by #LAGalaxy in the #MLS expansion draft stage 2
Lmao why are you being attacked by psycho teeny-boppers? PS..I've still never heard a One Direction song..and I don't care to.
Coyotes-Derby double? RT : What happens in the #Coyotes game Friday night will have an impact on my Derby bet.
eating allot of hot foods will help!
lol. How do you know him?
well if you can get off bro Ill put you on the list
" I love it when u call me big poppa!" lol
All&all I stay on my job and you can call me Cudi the kid.
come be in my music video today at my house at 3pm
Football was legit yesterday. Its always good to play with the EP crew, remembr Hiram, PC, South, and North.. You tried, but we are East
will you marry me?
YES. good thinking
we are? No.
The earliest known example of an organized market for equities dates from Rome, second century B
lol yea like a hump with curls or even twisties.
Feel the love, man.
can't wait for 9.30..going to change my bed and veg out in clean sheets...perfff
my house friday night yolo?
And here's the shit I hate...
Haha, I can dig that! I'll keep it in mind for when I do a rookie piece
props to MTA for new bus/light rail shelters on howard st. small infrastructure upgrades make it look like powers that be give a damn.
If all "coordinated care organizations" are approved, says , they will cover 90% of Oregonians.
'If the boys ever told me I was beautiful in person, I'd never need to be told that again. But, until then, I don't believe that I am.'
Baja tavern at the port ... Girls night ...
The Killers are playing in the cab. Remember how good that first album was?
Earned my green belt this weekend. (In Shotokan Karate, not Six Sigma)
Nothing like a Sunday morning phone call from a bunch of actors who don't know how to use the Stow 'N Go seats in the University Van.
Developer needed: Any iphone app developers out there available to work on developing an app over the next three weeks? Designs are ready.
eww that just brurned my eyes😱
Now onto work. Tweet to y'all later!!
Yogi Berra~ The future aint what it used to be.
is home NC?
“: Why do we get to school 30mins before class? I could be sleeping!” amen to this.
Hey Regina, I love your glasses and I hope you know that I was just joking when I made that comment about them the other night!
i love how were all taking tests..
May the fourth be with you.
At the Digital Summit here in Atlanta--great event. Learning about Twitter trends & SEO.
it would mean the world to me if you follwed me! Pleasssssee follow me(:
and thank u for mentioning my nae in your qrunk q&a segment.
lol i need to rap to u bout sum wats ya cell #??
will the p565 train tonight stop at yawkey for the end of the red sox game?
think varly will get a start at minn or wpg at home? Agree he hasn't been a disaster - just look at his performance in shootouts
Awesome presentation!
There are so many advertisements on interstates! Its like theyre trying to distract drivers!
Am looking forward to a 3 1/2 hour #drive through #snow this morning, customer facing is the only way to look - Hap #eLearning all :-)
yeah they will do this by signing some aging vets no one else wants
Here's your second chance to win today: correctly guess the score between the Giants and the Packers for a chance to win a free Scorzie!
Love when my iTunes knows just what to play :]
im one so by the end you get 50 return the fav
If we did everything we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. - Thomas A. Edison
could be worse. You could be arguing with a 5 year old about going to bed when you have to be up at 2am....
Something is weighing heavy on me I just cant put my hands on what it is but I think I know
Big win for psu basketball
won't load, send it again.
I just love starting sentences with "And."
Off to babysit Chicago's cutest 15 month old. Have to be fair to my other favorites in Iowa and Minnesota.
Gonna eat my feelings away...
that was messed up in a funny way but that's not the same guy we were listening to in the car
Tattoo artists just offered us beer while sitting here. Casually drinking while tattooing.
Steve Jobs would have been 57 years old today. Let's hope his ideas will not be compromised by corporate shortsightedness.
Miss you more!!!!! I'm finally back!
She pulled a Natty Light on you!
alright i will :) its the wild boy one aha, are you gonna wear jeanss ? Like bring them for laterr ?
Happy Hour making your waistline miserable? Try and keep it to one night a week and weekend and watch the pounds disappear.
Anything to avoid thinking of midterms, really. Gratuitous drinking may be involved.
` Uh UH Who Is This HOE . ? #Questions lols
★ ★ Private Events, Weddings or Bar/Bat Mitzvahs!!! ★ ★ We can help you with one small detail....or help plan the entire event!
Stay tough,
Biking to and from lunch heightens my awareness of food as fuel. Brings me into a closer, more meaningful relationship to it.
What a beautiful day in the mile high city! Are you medicated?? We have what you need. stop in and see us! :)
Is it weird to use #googlescholar before I use my own Univ. library search? Not my fault Uni libraries don't search by literary object...
fudge what? :o
Left my Old Chick at Home, got a New One.
Asking for a ps3 copy btw
First chance to listen to the new album. Loving "One Polaroid a Day" instantly. Is the Faith No More vibe intentional?
A witty statesman said, you might prove anything by figures.
Deductibles: Hospital or Major-Outpatient Access-Out of Network-Condition Specific-RX-Dental-Vision-Decreasing-Vanishing How do they work??
OMGOMGOMGOMG AHH the british or american?
What great news!!! What are your hopes with the study?
In Study Hall listening to #hopsin bored as fuck. Can't wait to get out of school so I can get my phone.
Clifford Irving Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
is so jealous of me. She wants my body, my hair, my boo. Lmfao
Just remembered an epic Ali quote from our Miami '07 trip: "I'll take a coke & rum, but just hold the rum." lol
you can still use RefWorks classic UI. Click the Classic link at upper right of window.
Yes because everyone is expecting those tax return checks. ;)
Wow. Good job with the iPhone app update. Looks good and now I don't get stuck after trying to share something to facebook!
that game is in oakland.
Every time I see someone in a skirt with the vent still tacked shut I want to call the
you don't believe in love but you want a boyfriend/ girlfriend... go fix your life
We drove by it! In a flash it was gone!
RT : is an AMAZING #editor <--- Thanks Tonya! I'm really enjoying my time in Grandberry Falls.
As a man stood at the bottom of a mountain wondering how to ascend. A voice came "one step at a time"
Today's obsession: Mary Shelley.
tweets me, and suddenly I have 3 porn stars following me. #wtf man
Hehe ^^ & I'm good, thank you. What about you? :)
“: Judging from the eBay prices, it's time for Nike to re-retro the black and grey Fab 5 Air Force Max.”(Yes!!!!!!)
Campaign Take 6: Shut it Down...a call for single women to close their legs and open their minds. www.campaigntake6.com
Looking at a ranch in a quiet Tosa neighborhood off of Mayfair. I'll send you a link!
sexual harassment
hold up...letme call 'em & ask him how far from home is he...Ok?
Husband just said, "can't watch a train wreck, have to turn #idol." I've rubbed off on him! lol. Good night. See you at 4:30am!
I know,that sucks. You gotta see this Wrestlemania match I'ma have Sat. at
so the Italian gave Heidi crabs on the first date
ONE ROOM LEFT FOR VALENTINE'S DAY! And don't sleep on reserving your table for dinner...
40 dollars out the door for your smog check just give us a shout out
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world
Windows Phone is basically useless?
at a daycare!!
Thanks Jen for following ...also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
Was soo very proud of my son tonight at his very first school performance <3
Exciting details in the works for #NJB2012 ! #jazz lovers and #lindyhoppers need to prepare for fest like no other this Nov. in
I'm glad I'm not a Network Engineer/DC Engineer for Blizzard right now. I bet they're working all night.
it's okay most of the time you don't make sense anyways. :o
LA LA LA I can't hear you!!!
High Five
ESPNU keeps switching coverage between UT-AU softball game and OU-A&M baseball game that was suppose to air at 4:30 est
Rhodes looks nice, but haven't seen much yet (and my time will be limited). Internet access still spotty--hope the conference fixes that.
It's going to be one of those days. Isn't it 5 o'clock somewhere?
No, ah, its, ah, great. Seriously.
Jake, nothing is fun without you. Duh.
he's seeing him next weekend. i was maybe seeing him at the fair.
Thats a cute little article mister. Wanna communicate later tonight? =] At least we actually do that right?
And I mean that lovingly. :)
We had a passionate discussion about JAWS today in the office. Anyone else JAWS-obsessed? Maybe it's just us...
#Celtics +11 in quarter. Larry Drew probably could have called a TO sooner. #Hawks didn't bother getting back on one of those Rondo layups
that is so powerful...can I use this in one of my songs...
Really with this paper that I forgot was due by midnight. I really need to start reading correctly..
Really enjoyed visiting with today talking innovation, technology, and mobility. Find his book - The Art of Immersion.
Happy Birthday Emmitt. Our client Olympic Gold Medalist is also from Pensacola
who you talking about
Don't have anything in mind for dinner. Will have to be "kitchen McGyver" tonight.
: Exploring the means and goals of selling science exploration as integral to the everyday life of children.
i hear birds outside man!
Hope everyone is having a wonderful and safe Easter. The Easter bunny left some nut free, dairy free, chocolate bunnies at our house :)
Loved it! Although I think I'll keep my day job. Not sure if I would make a good hippo dentist:)
Fisher on being traded: "My 1st thought was...how do I turn this into a positive?"
Just because scoreboard says the score is in ur favor...doesnt mean u r winning.Just like...living ur dream doesnt mean ur living
needs followers so plz follow him and he'll follow back soo plzgogogogogogogo
im confused to ?? :/
Like water molecules, change forms to connect with more types of people.
My customer is running 20 minutes late for our appointment. The waiting area only has a portrait of a park bench. Do you see me laughing?
Vick is exhibit A for impact of being in camp on time.. It really works! Favre not so much..
Nina happy birthday you and your cast really actually make me smile every thursday (hey that rymes) -Catherine
We've gotta stay composed as a young team, even with what's at stake.
And I smiled, and I was happy, and it did get worse
Thank god has his normal icon back. The other one scared the crap out of me
"I'm sure we don't have that DVD at home. All of our DVDs are bootleg." teen re: an unreturned dvd
Atlanta Falcons branded jet landing at CMH for what?
It's a hater's job to hate. Thank the powers they exist because they are motivation enuf to kick ass. Your fans will always B.
I'm not, no. Freezing in Canada atm. Next up, Drupalcon.
Instead of eating Steak potatoes n salad. I spent my evening @ the Hospital ):
Thank you so much, Kim! Hope you're well and having a great evening!
want towards me but it was her tweets in general
Probably joining the Air National Guard soon...
thanks, that looks like a cool job! Also I have been bad at looking at the twitter lately :-P
Was hoping to help Andrew till up his back lot Saturday, but I think it will rain.
an @ reply from grant hill means you must be having a fantastic day, Jimmy.
Now showing select UFC fights. Join us on Saturday August 28, 2010 Couture vs. Toney & Edgar vs. Penn2. 7pm pacific time.
WSOP Twitterville How many are in the #WSOP 2Pm Deep Stack today?
I woked up and I started screaming fuck the world
RT I bet hipsters love Mondays just to be ironic, but mostly because they're unemployed.
I'm thinking roast beef sandwhich for breakfast.
You're 10. You weren't in love with a guy you 'dated' for 2 months. Shut up and get off my newsfeed.
The Madiran is so deep and rich. Dark, ripe and spicy, but so balanced with the acid and the tannins. This is phenomenal.
That's fabulous!
Dude, you just know the if Romney was a Dem the Reps would be all over this shit. #DemocratsLackBalls Because of #Nuance?
got a B on my psychology test!!
Damn we just cranked out a new song in 2 hrs tonight @ practice! It fucking rules, can't wait for you guys to hear this shiiiizle!
When I volunteered at a LMC for Prof Mega's class last semester, the LMS put a plastic cover on PB books which helps
Watching Cake Boss at 2 am, you know. Hahaha. -Isabelle
Denis Waitley: You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization.
Oh Nothing Lol You Know I Just Be Saying W.E
Perhaps things would be better in the U.S. if we elected a thinker from outside the Ivies. They've done some decent damage.
Atleast I Gave U A Fair Warning Cnt Gt Mad At Me Cnt act Lik I ain tell u
#FF cool tweeps i just met :)
Jill is student nursing here this term, and I came to pick her up. Got here early.
Oh you mean THAT morning
Ok, I will see you this weekend. And I will be ready to buy a tee when they are ready sir
What is your favorite Dance Gavin Dance lyric(s)
Nap, hockey and repeat!
I need a new mattress. I think this is the reason my backs been hurting.
WTF is up with that???
Cant wait to get my iPhone, blackberrys are shit!
No lapse of time or distance of place can lessen the friendship of those who are truly persuaded of each other's worth. -- ()
ALICE STEWART, REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST for MICHELE BACHMAN. GET REAL! STRATGIZE THIS. Surround yourself with people that tell the TRUTH.
tonight sucks
Only 9 days of school left... Wow.
just got in. can we text i need my best crazy funny loud best friend :(
I guess not...
is the language necessary?!?!?
is on tonight. The last time I was this excited to watch TDS, Carell was the guest.
Get used to it
still 15 tickets left for an exquisite and exclusive NYE at the best restaurant in Coral Gables
"I'm not a bad driver, I'm just slightly reckless." - Are you serious?!??!
"An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today."
Good morning beautiful people
you don't need instragram ;) you look amazing in normal pictures anyway!
just got my eyebrows waxed.. i'm such a gay
yes is looking for a brunch choice for her graduation in May! Thanks for your help!
the agency is offering a signing bonus. *scraps raises 1 eyebrow*
ATTENTION SEEKING LIAR ! haha
And bitches cant find they mann cause i ride it good
im sure #templeowls r glad 2 b n sunny new mexico 4 bowl game 2day...snowing in pa plus temple always smells like ass cuz of mushroom plant
Building a fan base is one of the hardest things
Hello Twitterverse! A long, much needed break and now I am back! :-)
results came out last night girl.
My first DragonCon parade. Practically tingling w anticipation of wondrous sights!
Thank you all for your sharing great, inspirational messages
Well it's 00:35 here in the uk so goodnight
just arrived. is the man!
Drawing a picture of Beyonce..It's a total flop atm -__-
Stamp on college St. should print some "weagles" Tshirts up for the fall on grey-heather shirts.
other things found while cleaning: an envelope of manuals for products i don't own anymore, love letters from three relationships ago, dust
Sounds productive. Mine's pretty good! Mostly work, but some play.
amherst massachusetts right? cause i live in amherst ohio ?
lmao it was 3 in the morning thank u very much
After recording we worked on a Vince Guaraldi remix for the Christmas show as well as another brand new song featuring samples from Debussy
haha! You have a NASTY mind darren...lol :P
really now. lets just be legit right now.
haha in the nicest way possible ? , (; lol and true i love mi angel so ill divorce him (: you deserve him !
My unemployment was denied! Soon I'll be tweeting from whichever public place I can find for temporary shelter.
If you aint homeless or poor, then don't ask can you have some of my food BIOTCH!
I may have to start walking to the train in the morning so I can make regular stops at Menu looks yummy and veg-friendly.
It take yu to hit #RockBottom for yu to Grind to the TOP!!! Life don't pause and the bills Don't Stop!!
Yes it is! The books are available at the Bookstore.. 1st floor in the general reading section.
Did you know that today is International Labor Day? :)
Went to The End of the Earth Yesterday! In the U.P. Of MI. I should have been weary on the way up passing through the HOME OF THE NIMBRODS!
Congrats! That's huge.
U were on fire today on #News4 at 4. & I have got to start figuring out those secret code words!
congratulations on the new baby boy!
: Brought scriptures to school to study today pre-study. Very late night. Lake Michigan gorgeous at low tide.
I'm wit u sis., motivation=sexier me!! Gotta get it right!!!
The Tree Of Life: #great film, just let the picture unfold, visually stunning and quite moving
Getting ready for our weekly mastermind meeting at our new office! We can all comfortably fit around the table finally.
what happened?
What do you have?
MGE says they set new power record today between 3 and 4p, just about the time I turned my vol knob to 11 on Dirt Road Anthem
Two semesters of Conducting should be a requirement for organ majors.
why thank you that's such a kind thing to say lol
Thanks for the follow!!! :-)
hahahah ik. Best picture ever :D
i love being tan 😊
NetCDP allows you to back up your files to S3 or NAS. try NetCDP online backup for free.
Night riding in the bus tonight, love this weather!!
my wifi is annoying, its slower than my lan
Don't forget your GREEN today!!
Huntsman: "Don't pay Congress until they can balance the damn budget"
Lover! Are you going to make it to Kate's wedding. Please say yes so that hilarity can ensue!!!
My name is & is one of the best singers I have heard! haha see what happens when u leave your twitter open!
Forgot to watch Mad Men and it took Twitter 30 minutes to remind me. Gonna go watch instead.
Deion Sanders Explains Tweeting Pictures of Kids
I was unaware of major problems @ the 5....
OH EM GEE.
NO SWEAT NO SWEAT! I will never 1234 get bout you,yo love yo sex,you know I worked you out like bowflex!
here in this house? Or what?
You want the twitter logo? Too?
if the nuggets do that they need to be prepared for elbows!
It took me awhile, but I am finally getting into 'New Moon.'
Just confirm you received our promo code for a free download?
Follow us #Now!!
Andrew Davis, Darling spokesman, on accusations of vote tampering. "Tamper all you want, you are not going find 4,000 votes."
Brookstone @ the Foothills (528 unit apt complex) reverts to beneficiary, AIG Global Investments w/ $35m credit bid.
Darkest hour!!!!!
Hollywood is old again!
#traveltip don't make a move without your ID
#1thingilove - spooning. And my pillows suck at it.
Quit breaking my heart
Feeling very content tonight. I like it.
Aw, thank you Quinn! I appreciate the Denison love ;)
TRUTH. RT “: It's not selfish to ask for what you want”
I gta get back n the.gym I lost alotta muscle when u cummn home
'It's like taking a P90X workout, kicking it in the balls and getting it done in 20 minutes.' - Nick B. commenting on what CrossFit is like.
Be in the know. Check out www.bloomfire.com
In days gone by, Turkish bridegroom had to promise that they would always supply their new wives with coffee.
But now my head hurts.
I know right
We want accountability grounded in reality: 1that respects the dignity o the profession &recognizes the complexity of what we do
thank you :]] & yeah i'm showing already lol. i'm due in july.
Tory miller from l'etoile is suppose to be there doing a lamb course thats not on the menu.
- thanks for the retweet!
oddly...I feel the same way!
I just got spammed by an Oxfordian. The nerve!
Thinks DDoS attacks are juvenile
The ushers have to be the nicest in the industry! No attitude and lots of smiles!
Naturally =p
Everyone wants to know what in doing on my day off tomorrow. I think I'll open the chamber of secrets and possibly save Narnia afterwards.
haha, that's awesome
aww, thanks! I'm blushing. : )
Whenever you call baby I
Thank you for all you do for books and authors everywhere!! xo
I love how he says night to me every night no matter how late it is(:
Happy Day Jen! Hope you Okay, God bless you (:
Its my birthday weekend so whats going on Atlanta
Accordin to a source, Uthoff hasn't appealed any of the schools on the restricted list. He had 2 business days 2 do so and window is closed.
try? U mean I didn't succeed? ;-)
Ahh well I pulled myself up after I flushed mine, so I got you on style
On lee trampoline :D
YES! We'll figure it out! Listening to my grooveshark sweetlife playlist as we speak :)
As mother's day approaches, let's not forget the "moms" that serve as mentors, foster parents, coaches, and teachers to all children.
He's noticing he's growing rigid, & he recognized something important there, but he noticed he could not quite connect w/it.
I'm good, v happy that the weekend is here. You've been busy w/work, haven't you?!
Same with psychologists. No matter how much experience you have, it can be traumatic to see such horrible stuff.
I want to hear the stories! ...possibly over margaritas with the n crew. Smiley face for yes.
NFL Network not smooth with delivery, but anything is better than Berman, Mayock talks a little much.
I NEED to finish the movie Beginners. My cable box and I were enemies last weekend and it cut the movie off.
ah! yes, gotcha
:) It really did put a wry little grin on my face. The image is just so ridiculous.
Who cares, season was over!
Im listening to Storm Warning on the radio in Texas!! Love it:))
From Wiz to Childish Gambino. This good weather has me in a good mood.
Talking to my bestfriends kelsey and faith. What werid, awkward convos we have!
"Joan of Arc" played by Ingrid Bergman in 1948 excellent
And everyone on this bus will not stop staring at me ah I don't even wanna know how crazy I look right now
I texted ya!
Aerobics, high-cut briefs and Alan Thicke? SOLD.
I've found some good options on Amazon for replacing flips. Sony makes a couple of good ones, and kodak too.
Nails done #check 💅
it's killing me! My last email arrived at 2:01 am. I understand occasional outages, but this duration is tough to forgive.
I hope it rains more so my track meet gets canceled
twitter is where I go for all my current world news.
Those who grew up with this - mobile immigrants are the rest of us
If you're in Albuquerque come down to our shop.
Good work! I own it but I've yet to break the seal :-/
Tomorrow is the big day, iPad 3, AppleTV refresh, who knows!!
If #SportingKC were in a movie, what would the plot be and who plays who?
Without struggle, Theres no progress......
it was great to meet you too - happy (new)househunting! :D
baby you're the one that i love. baby, you're the one that i need. you're the only one i see <3
Yea better than staying home RT : still ah touch road nuh true .
I was taught 2 say "bye" n u was taught 2 say "i'll call u rite back"...I guess we were jus raised different
Thanks for mention!
Always! Looking for more from you to add to your featured section.
eek. Or at
the you're shaghai'd thing? It's a good everyone's on the same page, a but tropey but hey pirates!
“: nice sounds” good looks.. we fuck with the mixtape for real sounds like that virgina nice
Well Thankyou! Hope you dont work in a hospital or air traffic control lol !
It would take 10to16 mos. to get them ready to Bid,that would only be20%of the work,then hire 25% more thn they have, all BS
Hell, who knows?... Maybe even my golf swing will get better - Arnold Palmer
ikr its like she left because we "hurt" her feelings like no -_______-
I f*&^&^#(*# LOVE referrals. Thank you very much!
I know man. You know how I long to be a babushka. I will stick to the borscht.
See, that's the classy response!
Next Guild Meeting: Jan 11 at the Mandrake
Vets tinnitus related to blast induced hearing loss can be debilitating. ETSU researcher notices link between tinnitus, PTSD in veterans
Funn Fridays. :P
If Seek and Destroy doesn't make you feel like screaming Fuck Yea I feel sorry for you! !..!
Visit our new VMP YouTube Channel - www.YouTube.com/VMPcares
BW = 200lbs. 225 PR pre cancer. Now, 165. Can't stand up w/ the 185# today. How's the foot?
Hey my lil leprechauns! 19days until St. Patty's Day O'cincy style! Are you following yet!??
pilot project w/MARLI - find an affordable (for libs), sustainable (for pubs) bus model for all
Yes, , drunk tweeting can be a problem...
You know, I think he picked the very worst topic available for the last paper.
There goes the no hitter
where u at now
Well i'm bored home alone and sick BLEHH!
Dats what I'm tlkn bout Kobe
follow backk?c;
I tweeted this earlier today, as well! It makes me so proud that scruffy Jon Hamm looks like my bf~
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
RT ": Finally got a cab to go to in long branch. Cab driver says to get me again ask for "the punisher"."
Text the keyword "NEMstudents" to 313131 to receive the time and location of Saturday's FLASH PROTEST!!
#ConcertWishlist Kip Moore
It's the doo doo of fast food..and i've eaten Panda Express numerous times.
One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure. William Feather -
I been online chatting with the Oracle all night. #Motivated i know what i must do....
Asking skeptical questions a/b homosexuality at bible study. Using points from 's speech at the seattle journalism convention.
Replacing the badly cracked screen of my iPhone was way easier than expected. Gotta fix broken windows.
I've been in my room all day. Its starting to give me a headache.
All this shit talkin tho...Mayweather better win or its OVER for him!!
oh ok
Thanks to all our followers! You'll be the first to know about fantastic deals, including one we're announcing tomorrow! Tell your friends!
#Muskie Huseyn Aliyev (on R) discusses foreign investment in Azerbaijan at Tulane Univ Law School
The Teen WOlf Cast U were amazing this season GREAT JOB!!!!!!
UNDERDOG CITY---UNDEFEATED! you go, !
I saw the most awesome arbys in new orleans. It was sick!!!
The main fact of our world and most of the people are not care of there health especially skin. We must be concern of our health.
Insidious was actually quite good, despite the kids in the theater who couldn't keep their mouths shut.
I wish you followed me :/
Its seems like when you in a relationship... it hard to balance friends and your man.. ugh!
i still cant get on my personal account. every time i try to log in, it gives me the whale. for 2 weeks now.
#WorseBreakupExcuse Making a person feel like they messed everything up, when they cheated and got another woman pregnant! Devistating!
Sending Ricky Paulding to repossess your diploma.
Improv 101 grad show today! EEEEKS! wish me luck! :)
make a basket for me okay? ;)
Time to relax
Hi all! I'll be live tweeting today's Twitter 201 webinar w/ hashtag #cision. Pardon all the tweets!
Mitchell would be awesome, if the point of hockey was to hit a goaltender's pads.
Biggest losing day in my poker career. <3 vegas
SUCK IT JIMMY! hahaha
question... how did u find out about me via Twitter? Or why did you decide to tweet me in the first place???
Spent the day w/ & 13 awesome MS students. We danced, drummed, learned Arabic & ate around the world!
In a tense social situation, many with #SocialPhobia fear they don't have the necessary social skills to successfully navigate the exchange.
Who wants free drinks at #ClosetSundays? Details coming soon!
6am lifting with Coac Durk. Lets see who was all talk.
8 weeks :) Did you decide what's next for you?
#Browns Is it bad when your GM sounds more excitable than your Head Coach?
Thank you! Albuquerque is a great place- I miss the food, weather, skiing & definitely the people! But I am loving Ohio, too!
you should follow my music twitter to!
hahah thanks! it will be hard... tell my parents I love them! and ;) hahaha jk
Is your nose feeling better? And so you're not mad at Millie anymore, I apologize for her... :p
I like Gould over Gostkowski. He should just have more opportunities to kick FGs
hi back!
Hopefully i get a b-day greeting from this guy
yeah! Lets start out own!!
yes thats exactly what I meant and expect.
thank you so much for the birthday wishes! That was very nice of you! I haven't been on Twitter in way to long!
Damn I wish I was back in Cali so I could go to wango tango :( I wanna go home!!
thanks for the follow! Looking forward to more of the mag!
We are rocking the Soham Dance event today at the Vittum Theater (1012 N Noble) today. It will be from 1:00 to 6:00....super excited!!
Looking forward to 's #autism chat at 1p EST!
Goin to sleep for a few jus finished studying sum....back up at 7 for the rest
I want that jet life no tags
The things we just saw on chatroulette. Unimaginable.
Boyd again cant get decent service... On the bright side Zizzo will open things up.
Plenty of vitamin water choices, Gatorade, Energy drinks, you name it. If we don't have it we will work to get it.
Hey B!! I'm good...sorry for the delay. Hope you are. When u comin to visit ATL again? This time let me know!
me too! Conference = great value Information rcvd/networking=priceless
#20ThingsAboutMe: I like to hunt, fish, go riding & have fun
Thanks for the follow Anwen, I like your wordpress account!
yeah, incentive based. win enough and you get a chunk of gold.
Go heat
What's your favorite track from our demos? Comment and tell us!
I was channeling some serious Ille Nastasi out there today, for damn sure.
Haha ok tell him to bring it
5 mile run today . . . don't forget that inmates do cardio too!
#DearHair thanks for still hanging around.
Ah....that sounds like a challenge! Will have to check it out and give you my review.
Hi, we're a new church in your area. Exciting & loving. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
Thanks for the follow and the RT's!
only can get a table change if you have a piece of the player or are partners bankroll wise or something right?
Learn the history of Nutrition: New Rifftrax | SkullBunnie
That'll be the last time I go to any type of dance with a date again.
Happy Hannukkah to my Jewish friends! Enjoy your "8 crazy nights"!
Tomorrow! Come and enjoy the musical stylings of Matt Cantlon for a free lunch hour concert!
I'm 18, I have a child, I have my own apartment & pay my own bills . #grownup -
Funny How Honey Aint Sweet Like Sugar!
Saved by the Bell has not stood the test of time.
RT : Early bird registration has been extended to May 15, it's not too late to register! www.denvercenturyride.com
Hi Marat thanks for the follow :)
Just saw a Domino's commercial for cheese sticks stuffed with cheese. WHAT HAVE WE BECOME
RT '' Your getting out of Disney?? (:'' So false. & I guess that smiley face means that you don't like my show :( Lol.
I'm sorry but my official WINNER#2 will not come out today..However, I will deliver a client pick that I like very much
Oh no! Get well soon. RT : The doc saw me today and I'm progressing. I just wanna be ok for tomorrow night and monday. Ugh!
anyone go out to the go radio show Jesse sang at a few days ago?
Just got pulled over for 20 grams of kush but they let me go thanks to my medical marijuana card...thank god they didnt find the O in my bra
join the dark side ... its really cool
isn't it amazing that out of no where #Cain is top of the polls? Makes it almost seem like he was turned to the dark side.
I need more followers too. Go
I hate old people.
Kobe and lakers getting bang on I said it thunder !!!!
Fuel up for last-minute shopping with a Gingerbread latte. It'll leave you brimming with holiday cheer!
Does it have to be a fancy iPad 2 or can it be one of those first-gen dinosaurs?
Congrats Scarlett Johansson on your Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame!
So let me get this straight. The Pope has an I-pad. And he tweets?? Nice to know what the leader of the Catholic church does all day. -SMH-
Trusting you was my decision, proving me right is your choice.
Very excited! My mom is visiting from out of town. Picking her up at train station. Should be a fun couple of days.
It's only a bit over the top...
U hav a bad mouth miss hi how u doing.
It was beautiful, and you couldn't see the nuke plant from the deck. Lots of great birds though!!
I want her I want her I want her!
cody simpson on so random i love him so much XOXO!!!!!!!!
#AlexFollowMe (: it would make my day! ☺😜😍😘
Doesn't everybody know the only things you need to be an "official" voter is white skin and a penis?
Omg! sister played girlfriend in justins music video for #BOYFRIEND :) wow!!! I cant believe it
mystyle Shop-It List: Floral Kimono Cardis, Fossil Bird Earrings & Flocking Shower Curtains Things we want to buy this week... 1. Lace It
Leverage the "super connected". Connect to users that supercharge your network effect.
That's cool. I listened to 2 cuts off the Killer Mike project and that's more of the type of El-P production I like
RT : Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
Asked a co-worker why he wasn't going to charity pizza lunch today. "I don't give money to charities that save babies." HUH???
new cash clown ft cap1 racks n bands listen here
Really missing #SXSW this year. I hope everyone is having a mind-blowing time.
House Ways and Means
holy smokes, mylo xyloto and 75° sunny days. my heart!!!
President Paul!!!!
U ever cough so hard that ur leg cramped up?!
My job rules! I get to work with lots of cool people at MIT and tinker with web sites, apps, & gadgets... And get promoted for it!
i dont think i like any richard gere movies...
Getting some film developed from a disposable camera! Don't think I've done that since 1994!
I guess, but we should be used to it. They're showing people @ the store stocking up on food for 6" of snow. Quite funny:)
Another Badger's choke job at the Rose Bowl.....ugh
#ItsOkayToCheatif you're dating a 7- and the side girl is atleast 3 points higher. For example, you can cheat on a 5 with an 8.
no, actually, it's a "Well, look, the most noteworthy thing in the room is not happening on stage" review.
But are you? Any chance of more than 1 night in town?
I want whatever surgery Big Fat Bartolo Calon got.
yeah let me just drive to your house?!
RT : Happy Monday! Make it a great week for your local economy. Support your local independent businesses.
showing some love follow back
I wanna see The Lucky One :(
": U wanna win 2 tix to see me on the BOOK of MORMON tour & come backstage?"//Who wants these tix? Everyone...but mostly...ME!
Today's headline mashup: "Jessica Simpson Reveals How to Eat More, Weigh Less."
Good luck to my future hubby George on best actor tonight!!!!
Yeah me too
is just a row with extra virgin olive oil then extra extra then extra extra until they get to 32?
It continues 2rain n Atlanta. Perhaps the rain represents the tears of heaven rejoicing with joy of the return home of TheRevDr T'Ofori-Atta
is your train going to downtown STL or Kirkwood?
: say it aint so!
Next on my agenda: Josh Taylor on "Going Digital: Organizing Research Files Electronically."
NEVER LEAVE US " Retirement from means I'm back to my own twitter open all the time. Returning to twitter for realz yall."
I'm just so busy well actually I'm just too lazy to charge my phone everynight haha
The combination of math and being stuck inside all day = cabin fever.
Restaurant soft opening= me in 5 inch pumps for 7 hours= some note worthy pain! But I will not give up my heels. I love them. I need them.
I love you bud:)
Oh, I should head home..
Desperate need of a back massage.
I might need them! ;)
:) Thanks Jenna! Have a good weekend!!!! Ps. we figured out the computer stuff, you had $45 in referral credits!! woo hoo!
Trainer opportunities at Samsung Silicon Valley
Next journalist who writes "now's your chance to go to Harvard" (or variant) in re the online courses gets bitch-slapped.
Thanks for the follow!
What do I want for my birthday? A pinata full of snicker doodle cookies.
Yes. I agree and` applaud that. AFTRA gives residuals`away to major studios instead of cutting a break to the small guy
I wish someone in #Boston with a car would pick me up an ICE COLD 30 Pack of #PBR :).
Heard on the radio that 40% of 14-18 year olds"Don't worry about birth control, they'll get pregnant when it's their time."
RT : Aerospace fans, local contractors welcome #Boeing #Dreamliner to via
Size does matter...;)
Well, I guess Johnathan Joseph didn't want to risk pulling a Glover Quin.
eminem > everybody. Lol.
that cool it is going to be my 1st race I go too
Prep guys are douches especially my brother
FYI:Benihana sells their sauces. I buy the Shrimp sauce and Ginger salad dressing ($5 ea)Do stir fry at home. My kids love it!
...and Yay to Adrienne & her team for the Children's Lit Research Collection finding aids, another CLIR Hidden Collns proj
Medications can be used to help with sleepiness, Modanfinil for the secondary treatment.
