More tracking over the next few days by Kliff and Jaymz. Drum session from Ringo this wknd. Right on..!
Hey guys, just to let you know we'll be releasing the winners of the contest next Monday!
follow then unfollow ... no thanks!
ur tweets r so funny:P
send me a pic of them
Damn, he complains Too much.
I wanted that movie to end differently but.. oh well -__-
Is Your Home Insurance Coverage Up-To-Date? (E-Zine)
I hate getting too close to people because when I thought they would always be there for me, they leave - with a part of me.
REALLY!? Oh man you are in for a treat! Prepare to have your mind blown... We have been hitting that stop for about 10 years now!
Susan Boyle has just joined Sarah Palin and the Octomom on my list of people I'm sick of hearing about.
Morning Rockstars! > Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a heaven for? - Robert Browning
Corny Joke- what do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire together? Frostbite. Lol
Stadium hoppin now
thnx for following for my unprofessional tweets follow me
Try it you will see. write down what you want as if it is already, and wait , it will be, sooner then you think.
He said "U wanna get a hampster & we can share custody."
I love when defeated dictators don't get they are down 11-0 with 2 out in the 9th with Mariano Rivera on the mound.
Lionel Model Trains Toys Review: O-27 Diesel Freight Set, BNSF ...
After 3 hrs of dealing with sprint I'm now an iPhone user !
If Hank Williams Jr. wasn't a douche maybe someone would take him seriously
your amazing you inspire me your gorgeous thanks for being my hero
Nice win for the #GoSpursGo as they beat the Thunder on their last home game before their annual rodeo road trip.
Actually it was funny. He came over to hang out Friday night and within minutes had passed out on the couch.
Thirsty niggaz be havin average hoes thinkin they're more than what they r
Just bought a crossbow pistol on amazon lets see how this goes
ah now I get it...you are just resorting to playground name calling...thought I was talking to an adult
Do you know that #lambskin #condoms have tiny pores that make them ineffective against #STI transmission? But they can prevent #pregnancy!
thinking fast food companies are not likng me ...its time we start ordering less combo meals, which they are really over feeding us.
so many chances ive let slip away
At LA bus stop, overhearing convo about $$ you make from hosting Chinese exchange students. "Do I have to cook for them?"
Fox Theater, Jeff Mangum, hella white folks.
I love being married & sharing my husband's last name but if you never called me "Miss Griffith" why call me "Mrs. Henry"? Alissa is fine.
it could end that way.
For once, hottie in a BoSox hat....what is it with me Yankees fans...you think I like conflict or something
Uncomfortable with message auto industry can save US. Out of touch with today & tomorrow.
true, when you comin back? you done forgot about ya cousin lol
"If you don't like it talk to my lawyer." And when I ask you for the number you hide. Bitches do that.
Staring at my bag expecting it to pack itself
Fire & Ice Tour motherfuckers!
killin the game out here the web grows as the succezz movement blossoms
That post is awful. It's like saying that you shouldn't learn rhetoric because not everyone will be a politician.
Love! I'm a convert!!
i wish but thanks :D
yes, please.
LOVIN life Livin it 2 the fullest n never goin 2 give up on my dreams there r many people that were no1 n they became some1.
you are gorgeous!
how u been
Welcome to Packer Nation!!! We will love you and you will love us! Can't wait to see you on the field!!!
Just bought some really antique stuff! I'm siked, and nerdy!
Make Sure!! To checkout My TWin Bro's..Music Video On Youtube!!!!supra-My dreams Are our dreams..Plus da rest! TALENTED Rapper!Check it out!
hey Peyton long time no talk wanna follow
RT - The 1972 Miami Dolphins #IsNowSignedToYoungMoney Perfect Season Tape On The Way
You fuckin perfect to me))))So i wanna on the barb with u and our fuckin friends)))
74% of Iowa children under 6 have both parents in the work force. We need quality #afterschool programs.
Do you know what your name means?v
what happened to "Jump to the top" in Tweetcaster?
Mitt who? #stopcopyingobama with your twitter campaign
What are some of your favorite restaurants?
Yay Its so awsome we get Wheel Of Fortune back on at 7pm here again in INDIANAPOLIS
i love and miss you so much......
lmao red meat...
Oh man, I really really really really really really really wish you were here.
TY for the RT! Have a bright and delicious day!
RT : Good luck to all of those taking the APUSH exam today! I'm so glad I'm taking the alternate one ^_^
Exactly ... So much work -_- ... I can message you the essay questions on FB if you want
The Elephant in My Closet, opens Fri 5/25 at 8pm Me, coming out to my father, as a Democrat. See you there!
lol lets please start taking bets on who it is..ready,set,go!
We're wrapping up the Ellen show!! Hope everyone's watching tomorrow at 4 pm EST.
"She's bold but I roll with it, I'm impressed cuz she's sweet."
A what now? RT : So..does anyone in #CoMo have an ability to create a mix tape? Like literally a mix cassette.
If a guy knows the songs im quoting, he can have my heart.
This WED! Looking for #fostercare alumni in NYC-ages 18-24-to lead a research project with Columbia Univ.
#BOYFRIENDReview it's so amazing,inspiring and it's converting haters !
What's up man? How have you been? Are you EXCITED over Tebow's press conference?
he sits right in front of me in primetime & right behind me in studyhall AND i have gym with him
That moment when stops RT and now you have to wait until next time he goes on a RT streak to try and get him to notice you..<3
I'm trying to figure out how to resolve this issue with my guy without calling him a bitch ass ni#
and : agreed...
haha genderless? And is that only for cats that you se no gender?
Chicago Mission Girls U12 hockey team beat the Yellowjackets today 5-2. Danielle scored the first goal. next game is Sunday morning.
I can't get the picture
So great catching up with my long-time friend !
Nothing changed -__-
I love it that it says "YOU" when you pull up your profile on LinkedIn. Just in case you don't recognize your own profile picture?!
Great conversation! Am still marveling at the 10-year wait to spar and even more, the hospital story.
The other two (preferably w links ;-)?
(Glendale) no injuries at the i-43 Crash
DeAaron Williams? Can't remember if that was because he was academically ineligible or a straight transfer.
I think one of the big takeaways 50 pages in from 's book is that prog rock is totally not hot.
Does a rejuvenated want to help out with a little promo to his twitter following? April 14 Franklin Field!
Brushing my hair now. Better late than never. I'll keep you posted if I hit a snarl.
I really wanted to go to the mall today, but my patience wasn't strong enough to deal with the fuckery that migrates there.
If you aim for nothing you will hit it with amazing accuracy!
LIKE YOUR BEER BUT ALSO YOUR WAISTLINE? Pick your beverage of choice… Full list of cals/carbs/alcohol for imported & domestic beers http://…
Looking for someone looking for a screenwriter.
Ahh, I love this song.
But now im fat :( so i cant do any of that stuff
I have two jobs now. This one is the Perdue Museum and Archives, yes, Perdue as in the chicken you buy at the grocery.
justin, cool hair bro. but thats not my main focus. your MUSIC is whats the most important thing to me
People put together fake feelings and call it "true love".
time to party
only played one game so far and lost to Mike
Hahah thank you! :)
Tell him you'll cut it for a small fee.
RT : Drew meant 5. He knows he's cheap 😏
Loose Ends on stage right now.
ipod shuffled to Howard Shore and suddenly i am very excited about watching Lord of the Rings when I get home next weekend.
no one likes rain either!!
Please tell EVERYONE!!!
1CIt is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not. 1D ? AndrÿFD Gide
A picture is worth 1,000 words & we're working with #WCI residents and the to #RevealtheirDetroit! Our exhibit will showcase the...
Glad to see that you take male survivors seriously! Thank you for speaking out.
My roommate shaved his head today. Now our drain is clogged. Thanks buddy.
Republicans have a really, really sick sense of humor.
people who talk shit on a fb status but can't ever seem to get the balls to say it to your face
Penn State is linebacker U and ruin qb U
#imiss 7th grade! Best year ever.
Need last min Holiday gifts? Call me 7863877148 remember, I wrap & deliver for free!
thanks for downloading!! Any suggestions?
It's on my mind...
I hate feeling trapped
TITA: people do the strangest things.. I wonder if anyone ever returned a rental car w/o actually bringing back the car? I bet it's happend!
O LORD, thou hast searched me, and known me. Psalm 139:1 Christian rehab offers hope
How am I supposed to charge my phone when I have to use it as an alarm in a couple of hours?!
Blasphemous as it may sound. I'm kinda over Sofia Vegara
How many out there use "mind mapping" as a tool in conducting investigations? In your experience what are the pros and cons to its use?
RT : If you don't write a heartfelt tweet about every good person's death, you're basically spitting on their graves.
Fresh cut. New fits. Shoulda went to the trey songz concert. Shouldn't have bailed. Hella females gon be there. 😒
Reverse psychology always work...
Only worry in the world is the tide gonna reach my chair
Christine Heyrman, Southern Cross; Charles Irons, Origins of Proslavery Christianity; most anything by Doug Egerton.
Leadership - A leader is a dealer in hope.
'Patience. If you learn nothing else from meditation, you will learn patience. And that is the most valuable lesson available.'--Gunaratana
Congratulations on winning five Silver ADDY Awards at the AAF 10 regional judging this past weekend.
Based on the seemingly random things my autocorrect suggests I sometimes wonder if it is trying to communicate with me.
Its a matter of point of view. All religions brainwash their followers to some extent.
I meant fringe benefits, not fingers benefits.
Thank you!
People fault #ICC for heavy focus on Africa. It means African victims might see justice, no? This is a bad thing?
Lobster. Bash.
well twitter i am going to bed now night night! :)
show me a fool who can identify a wise person. hence the difficulty in finding godly wise people. -MJ
30 MINUTES AWAY FROM ME. I NEED TO MEET YOU.
new drinking idea.. and fake baby that pisses vodka???
That email is from "Fred Flintstone"
Patriots place today with the fam for the first time... Looking forward to a day of shopping and eating at five guys:)
My Apology is finally available on iTunes.
San antonio will miss you Austin!<3
Thank you so much =) tell all your friends please
brave presenter doing grp exercise w/ evernote for facilitating w/ mobile devices with packed room!
I have to say... my music has come along so much in the last year.
just scared myself walking down my hallway..my knees pop too much..
#LIVINGTHEDREAM love the life I live!
Your very welcomee
Thanks for the tip today!
Moving into the beauty of the day to free my body from the pain www.thiscyonflare.com
Teaching our winemaking class right now. The average wine kit comes out to $5 a bottle! And it's super easy to do.
#50thingsilove 2. my amazing friends who are always there for me :)
My gym teachers sons are the cutest little things deikfdej omg
Listening to the R&D guys. We're finally fully staffed with the addition of Welcome, Jeremy!
- Thanks for the RT! Happy Mother's Day!! XO
I havent turned on my 3DS in over a month. Its completely drained of battery on the side table at home. I have games to play but no time :-(
Isn't it hard to tweet without hands? How do you type?
Hi there. Looking to see if you might be available for an interview on Monday. What's the best way to reach you?
bahahha happy birthday girl!
BRT applauds Jbs Council report. Check it put www.jobs-council.com
What a pleasure to deliver cupcakes to the San Diego Shell office from the Houston office! It's always nice to deliver a sweet surprise!
I swear my boss on his period lmaooo fruit self. Back too work !
PSU Women's basketball faces the Montana Grizzlies at Stott Center tomorrow at 7pm. All seats $5, free for students.
How dare they serve a misplaced blackberry on #StephenF***ingColbert's fruit tray. Someone must pay ->
please disregard weird messages my twitter is sending out. virus/hacked.
Can't believe my bracket is still perfect.
Friday's East Asia Center lecture with Richard Jaffe (Duke) has been cancelled. See you 3/23 for "Lovesick Japan" with Mark West (Michigan).
Sometimes I wonder if your tweets are indirectly to me...sometimes..
Spent the day walking the streets of Manhattan, tour of 9-11 Memorial, very overwhelming. My words in 140 or less will never do it justice
my birthday is in 8 days!!!! :D
Anyone who is a wordpress expert. Inbox me for some extra cashola!!!!
Did you know that Pittsburgh Green Clean does à la carte pricing? You can get your whole place cleaned, or a few rooms at a time! Check it!
The first day.
#AlanBlinder is an idiot lacking constitutional knowledge, any idea of the SCOTUS's workings, and completely inflammatory.
is at the Cleveland Zoo.
my strategy when i get in there is cracking jokes , ghetto activity, & tell'n them fake stories about how I use to play 4 bulls
#np Jar of Hearts
Start following for chance to win 1 tix to Structure:Data. Send us a DM or tweet "I want a Structure:Data ticket / #DataConf"
So tired. So tired.
Abt to do another f group with parents on accountability. Will Westchester parents c things differently than those in Detroit?
Check out Abe & Jakes new Friday night Greek dollar night tonight! Free for girls and only $3 for guys!
Oomf stay sub tweetin bout me
OMG 5 more followers till 500 =D can everyone ppwweeaassee help me?? ill follow back =]
i love when people tell me they wish they had my relationship ... <33
I was sick is hell last night but wats kickn w/ our team #TGe doin tonite?
The minute I heard Milk Punch, I thought of you.
"... that hypothetical spectre, your gilt-edged soul" - Happy almost-birthday (2/20) to Walter Becker
No I got back from SB at 4.
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." -Winston Churchill
That ending was unreal!
PMS night: Lamenting my extra 20 lbs, absence of a man who deserves me and the stagnation of life. Ah well, I'm nog the first am I?
Can you not be grumpy? Kay, thanks.
the story of electronic writing is as message as all the ink stains from Gutenberg's time
I just started laughing out loud as I got a call...
We're excited to get to at the end of this week and get to put some piano in the mix.
Punk'D with Josh :D
Happy National Siblings Day are u going drinking for it lol
chocolate candy for breakfast/lunch? no bueno :(
Good Morning! followers! Have an Awesome Day! Love you all
A #FF Thank You to our wonderful Jefferson Middle College partners & We love working w/you!
i like it lol
wow! A tweet every 10 seconds? Little aggressive.
Music is love in search of a word. Sidney Lanier
shittt alright I'll do one thenn.. You know where my gym locker is? Meet me there after you change so we can walk in together
their performances were perfect.
New marketers Retail division coming soon
On my way to school:), hope today is a good day of all of us!!!
SOMEBODY NEED TO HAVE A KICKBACK!!!!
We are hiring 3 or 4 Piece Ballroom #Dance / Bands which play standards, ballroom dance styles, light pop and others.
sweet! If you need cheaper tickets, we can meet up!
And I know that sounds terrible, but it's true,
Going to see Bye Bye Liver tonight for a friend's bday. Have any of you been? I thought Fizz closed or moved...
what a coincidence! And what a great photo!
": These ninjas are Twitter famous but real life nobodies. #Truth"twitter is real life
College application essays: Childhood obesity
Washing machine. It lives.
Take a deep breath. It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
thank god school is over
FOLLOW My Friends Please
on freak mode
Why people try and get over they want but dont want to pay the price
Random food tip: smoked paprika is an excellent seasoning for burgers, w/salt and pepper. Yum.
Casey Anthony can go to hell.
A genuine life is the most unique form of worship.
damn playa u got any of the original players on your roster or what?!
Happy Saturday Twitter friends! I have a question: Are you a Nikon or Cannon person/photographer?
I love it! RT : Menopause has nothing to do with it - if I'm a bitch I'm a bitch ----
Good luck to #Drexel students taking exams this week! As Benjamin Franklin once said, "Energy and persistence conquer all things."
i made a 98 on my english final :))))
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW>>>> RT THIS FOR A S/O FROM ME!
the lead singer look like you X )
Y U SO SEXY?
that's gross
Agree!! xx RT Lovely catching up with on all things #SanDiego with
happy mothers day to my wife and mom!
once this album is dun I'm comin straight to u for mixing n mastering! Gotta fukk wit da best!!
": Time for some shout outs" shout us out homie! #realsmashbrothers in the building! #nj #philly legoooo!!!
Texting hannah when she is right behind me.
no I didn't abandon the site. I was packing and moving to London w pitstops in Honolulu and Atlanta. I'll be tweeting news again
Just got home from the national half-marathon relay. Thanks Kathy and Hilary for a great team effort!
Thanks Love the show.
“: May your exams be as easy as you are.” bahaha😂
your welcome! Love ya too!:)
Thanks for following!
It is wise to learn how to respect and honor all priceless gifts!
He doesn't have happy birthdays. They are well defined, purposeful or deleted. btw: happy birthday!
ahahha welcome to the team lol
Always interesting (if you like SEO): YouTube Adds UK Video Rentals
Bravo #OnceUponATime - can't wait for next season!!!
RT Exercise. Diet. Exercise. Diet. Exercise. Diet.
I checked out the video of new cup lids. Wow ! Where has this been. Can't wait to try March 31st !
RT : maryjane is a loyal bitch
that's a great brother and sister shot, tight knit fam
What a beautiful day in the TX coast, no humidity, feels like fall!
Ha! That makes it even better. M...ginger. What's your fetlife name?
I'm sorry to hear of your bad experience with support. Please follow and DM us your domain for assistance. ^CB
Isaiah Williams can't reel in Stave's pass, and the White will get the ball back.
South By Success! Even made it to work early! With breakfast! No idea why I'm so excited about that.
"Life & Death is in the power of our tongues" Today let's only release positivity into the atmosphere... See it, go for it and obtain it...
awesome! Beta, so lots more content and features on the way. Let us know how you like us--we love suggestions. (and Reviews!)
Yes I can sing! (: ....in my own little world lol
now I get to make fun of you !! :)
Wishing everyone a happy, healthy, and success-filled new year!
Pacquiao Mosley was disappointing, 6/10 performance from Pac & continues to make me believe Mayweather could defeat him.
Hurry up and text me back
Blow Out T-Shirt Sale @ www.bleachercreaturesusa.com
Watching my nephew play soccer ⚽
Next to Normal opening night!
dumbest web mistake of the day? not putting the hours your restaurant is open on the website. we went somewhere else.
I put a fake skeleton in the crawl space, then told my wife I heard kittens down there. #BestPrankEver untill the cops put me in handcuffs..
Hells yeah I saw it! The Rock is the best promo guy in the business. All the other wrestlers are wack on the mic.
I have a way of letting on like I care more than I actually do.
There's coffee right outside!
Nate is sick, and his snoring is killing me.
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
a queen is crowned!
Mee i watching Ellen right now!!
Writing my opening remarks for #eduiconf. This is seriously boring. What's the key to good introductions?
Heather isn't winning..
If things around you don't change, then change the things you're around.
haha ya didn't happen for me either!
lock it up and keep!
Someone I'm sitting next to at Starbucks is carrying her own whipped cream. She needs a utility belt for cherries & sprinkles.
Totally with you! RT Today is the kind of day I wish I could just go to the gorges...
VISIT YOUR LOCAL BEAUTY SUPPLY AND ASK FOR THE COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCTS......
Congrats to my friends at on their successful Kickstarter!
Shurmur was probably the only thing that kept Greco on the team the past two years. Not really a Spags guy it seems.
Come out to the donation based auditioning workshop for beginners tonight! www.betsycoachingcom
Do you know what you want to achieve in life? Certain in your goals?
You're welcome. We're looking forward to the connection!
My man Flynn goes to the Seahawks. I guess I'm cheering for a bird team this coming season in spite of my rule.
#downsyndrome if you have any tips for parents expecting a baby with DS - there is a ? on the blog! www.knowlledgesafari.com - click blog
tomorrow's jean day at work. If you bought me those pajama jeans for my birthday I could have worn them.
oomf told me i've changed so much the past month.. i really have, but i like it
Oh..and is here too!
3GNY WEDU Back to School Party tomorrow @ Tenjune 730-1030. open bar & great crowd! Come tomorrow night!
It's the last Friday of 2011! Do you consider 2011 a good year or bad year?
hey Sarah, I'm going out of town on Sunday for work, so I won't be at our game :( good luck!
M.. House wine at the tap
Today we're in Charlotte North Carolina!
Nice win by #Brewers today, our pitching is looking good again, relief guys much better than St. Louis series.
what are u guys signed with #WWE now ? Fueds brewin via Twitter lol
Shout out to all of you pretending.
Murray State beats No. 21 Memphis 76-72 - Sacramento Bee
I hate long hash tags I presume? :)
How, exactly, do you intend to convince me that you A) Know what "they deserve" and B) THEY don't know what "they deserve"?
I just may kill myself at work today . #JustSaying 😲🔫
I will be playing Chang'e - the Moon Goddess in "Autumn Moon" at STAGE 773 Theater this May. Come to see me! :)
Isla Fisher Keeps 'The Dictator' Close to Her Chest
Anyone else having issues logging into ?
speaking of Lu, now that he's gone, who will you #whisper in the playoffs?
Judges and juries aren’t kind to owners and HR professionals who fail to follow company policies and procedures before taking action.
lol! I just want to be like you when I grow up:-P
Tank top tomorrow!
: Glad to hear it! Sounds like The Understory is a book everyone should read . . .
had the most charming and welcoming dinner in Boston. David is a sweetheart! #5course&gr8conversation!
Eli Manning on SNL =
*in a southern accent "He got his gun down his pants."
Put it to the test on the water Twitter Poll: Is Donald Trump's hair natural or a hairpiece?
Nice looking H2O you have there.
#elit is now largely obsolete term. None of your terms are taxonomies, though. For non-English: talk to Tosca, Pisarski, Balpe
The weather is so weird!
I hear its awesome verging on brilliant. (Full disclosure, I directed it.) Check it out and come say hi.
Miss. Robinson Jesus loves you more then you will know!!! Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa!!!
3 #startup stages: a) functional product, b) clients, c) revenue before going #VC from (#bootstrap folks)
TY for featuring my Making Friends from a Wheelchair blog in the Silk Skies Daily News!
awhile being three days
ok tell me again why was it better to get the Yotes than Nashville?
Ugh someone just used this argument against me and I shut them down
RT : Congrats on getting your Kickstarter campaign fully funded. Cannot wait to hear it!
Sexy Chocolate
RT : DJ Spooky: if the 20 c. was the era of mass production, the 21 c. is the era of mass customization
thank you for the RT!
cant wait for #raw tomorrow :D get 2 c my bestie tomorrow :D
I am still alive :-)
“Sometimes I regret being nice, apologizing when I didn't do anything wrong and for making unworthy people a priority in my life.”
Tomorrow at this time, I will be flying to Philadelphia to see my beloved !!
YES! I feel like I just went back in time!
Fiat 500 starting at $14,100 for selected models, and up to $2000 incentives - Xmass shopping, fit one under the Xmass tree :)
The Cincinnati Red Stockings. The National League's led to the creation of the American League 25 yrs later in 1901. 1st #WorldSeries: 1903
RT : Ooh, that's a great Blu-ray to start! Though I'd say Bladerunner is the best BR transfer.
I wish
#ReasonsToSayAmen because jesus exist and i am reedemed
Super crappy headache today. Gonna take the pup for a walk and clear my head when I get home.
RT : Just got kissed on the lips. Going to the toilet to rinse mouth out. // LOL been there ;)
So. I just kissed two sweet Latinos good night. What rid you do?
nah I might hop on it tho. Is it a deadline?
The biggest hurdle is figuring out who your friends are. Your real friends. Eleanor Mondale
yeah, that's something that should be straightened out
My dinner: two tecates, two cigarettes, two pieces of sweet mint gum.
Well you know it should be 50/50, he makes plans half the time, maybe its your turn... HOT POTATO!! HOT POTATO!!!... lol
vinyl hours radio on now. AoTW by Tycho
God is great. Give us the chocolate cake.
Well, there you have it! the NYC are you Super Bowl XLVI Champions!
Late for the party, couldnt find a gift. Nxt stop, Northpark Mall?
The most interesting Ficelles in DC will have a Fun Friday at Farragut tomorrow! Stay Hungry my friends!
any one wana co-own?
Making changes to our physical location! Cleaning, rearranging, removing stuff...going to look clean...
Good Morning! For those that do not have a copy of 's cd #TheInterview I got em for FREE99 lol
Isaac Carree CD Winners are Markeita W., Connie H, Don W. Congrats, please check your email!
Mos Wanted crew killed it!!! Ahahahah and Ian 😍
was gonna say the giants but they've tanked recently.
Old is gold my friend, old is gold
If I were Cat in a small, Southern town, I would be concerned for my safety if I reported to cops. Bleak, but true?
shea bevak is a teddy bear !
hipsters need to be removed
Hm, very clever ;-) Let's chat more in the coming week.
All I care about right now is making money. I feel like I should yell something like f* this and that. Lol but I really just want money....
right!? I just called back and asked for a "do over"
Slept from 5 pm to 5 am
Keep a notebook. Didn't figure that out until my 2nd year on Amazing Audios.
Its official. Ima tourture myself tonight with sad lovesongs.
Maybe it's just me, being a lefty and all, but it seems like Mitt is the only possible choice the GOP has. Am I missing something?
Thank you for the #FF love!
Never Stop - Safetysuit
She tryna suduce me to come to her room on my prom night knowing I'm gone be wit my girl
was going to cross the fence to see if the grass was greener. I learned a valuable lesson, the fence was electric.
sorry to hear it!
why am I up and why is it raining again
I think I want to cast myself in Ryan Phillipes role in Cruel Intentions... That'll be the funnest ever.
The Austin Teen Book Festival is October 1. Indigo Tree Publishing is trying to figure out how to get author Steve Chicoine (BUZZ) there.
I am number 76.
Agreed! RT : Love that !RT : #TheConversation is making me meet a new Miley Cyrus, a smart and sweet one.
do you think Matt Barkley should've been in NY for the heisman? Also awesome job in sports final. Dvr 4 sure.
So much to do this week: lots of client work, cleaning, organizing, decorating (?), home diy's, exercise, grocery shop...I need a clone.
yea i knw like his mommy
Good Morn'n P man I enjoy'n hear'n that voice of yours
I must have been craving 2day, I ate it for breakfast, lunch & dinner!
... and has a story ("In This Annihilated Place") in Spring issue on a neighborhood just after Watts riots of '65.
I love me some me ...ha!
yeah i usually don't read them, but this one...
Just finished my first aquatic park swim of the season with the crew. Saw a sea lion pop up and take a look around.
This new fb is irritating the crap out of me! Its not great and cool. its bs and I want my old, working stuff back!
thanks for the RT! Tonight's event should be great!
I wonder if know what a big claim "California's hottest DJ" is?
": u didnt know that u were before?" No I didn't, NEVER happened b4. I couldnt believe it lol
If anyone knows of an expert programmer in Adobe flex, please have them contact me at
Behind da wheel real quick 🚗💨
#RememberThatKidInSchool who was popular and talented but now they aren't doing anything productive
Make that 4 trains that have gone by with no room #iwanttogohome!
You help those who have helped themselves and I have done all I can.
needs to seriously Shutup
alright thanks
from da song! girl says what that !!
7 am?! Wow Gail you are gangsta!
The & Summer Celebration is TOMORROW 10-4! Enjoy the scenic run, or just come for music, food, beer & art afterwards!
Here's proof to show the Police that I consented...Please shoot me if the phrase "I want to see Future at Ibiza" ever leaves my lips!
He reminds me more of Koy actually...
haha that's how we feel every Sunday!
Catch us at the International Congress on Medieval Studies in Kalamazoo 12-15th May! We'll be at Booth #3. See you there!
doing some work! Matthew and Freddy are two of the coolest concierge I've met doing this job. Makes work easy with good people
Thank you Gina!!!! Have you seen the pics on fb yet???
long time no talk!!! we need to hangout sometime around!
$5K isn't much these days Chico! Congrats on that though. #Ballin p.s. I'd take that in a heartbeat.
Thank you all for the #FF HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!
not much brotha writin this week jus gettin back in touch with ya site diggin that becks beat
We're trying to raise $100 for the WWF this week by donating 10 cents for every new twitter follower we get. Help us help you!
Happy, Happy 2012 everyone!
I need some confirmation on whether or not Blake Griffin can still dunk fluently
in ur world
excuse me if I'm wrong but your just a low life jealous hater!
going to school brb
this project. <<<<
My #FridayReads is 's A FAITH OF OUR OWN. Really good so far.
Also added your blog to my Google Reader. Looks like good information!
people slipn on us.
“ A bat and ball with a twist of 151 relives stress :-)”
Lol. "I wish I could like peoples pictures on twitter is hot"
Morning tweet faces:*..
Earthquake here in northern Virginia. The whole house shook for about thirty seconds. I've been in worse, but really uncomfortable.
About to see #ThinkLikeAMan! :-)
U could meet anyone of these at
now following this chico>>>>>>>>>>>
When I get home Im going 2 show u a screenshot that begs 2 differ
the magician?!
Microsoft sets sandbox boundaries for Metro developers
{AUTO} Great to hear from you! I'm not here right now, but I'll respond as soon as I see this!
Thanks and #respect to you too. Looking forward to reading #DigitalGriots over the summer.
First off fuck yo bitch and da click u claim
Wow, nice interior design work! Love the painting. Sectional looks perfect for fucking. Ha.
did u watch dragonballz growing up?
#Truth ...... I miss ha crazy ass
Hey I didn't realize I was already following you on here lol. You seem so nice :)
Congrats Badgers! On to the Rose Bowl!
How's everyone enjoying the show?!
It was a pleasure to meet you last night! And thank you for sharing your voice with us!
I'll trade your web application error iceberg for my record error rabbit hole. ;)
Free love? as if love is anything but free. Man has bought brains, but all the millions in the world have failed to buy love.
natl gallery of art says "no way". Its free. Smithsonian info desk says "stupid rumor". Still free in 2012.
True! Hopefully you have a good team on hand though!
Lmfao bby! you know I love you :)
You shouldn’t have to chase after someone. A person who appreciates you will always walk with you.
Both car and phone in improving condition now, though I'm stuck in dealership waiting area with Kelly Rippa yelling at me.
Not off hand. There are a bunch of CFAs in Florida. You'd have to be more specific about what towns.
should have played Walking in Memphis
trying to figure out how to travel the world and get paid for it. next stop...nepal.
yeah I figured it was hacked.. usually I'd expect something way filthier
There's video of me doing "Wanted Dead or Alive" with The Hype, you realize.
4 hours of sleep and ready to roll!
America needs a new boy band. - One that doesn't piss me off.
Come "down Dudley" to recognize Historic Preservation...happening now at Hibernian Hall.
Thanks for the tweet!! There are plenty more deals to come!
Goals for this week and next: Revamp social media and website.
Good Contact by Flaherty
mine, too!
i l when guys have snake bites,tattoos,and meixcan<3 and when the bite theyre lip oh gawdd (: <3
Today is not my day
I agree. Working with customers is a great topic-source and using it for vlogs is a great idea!
holding down the fort at work while colleagues are flying to CA to visit NASA Ames
I don't have any clip-ons stock, but I DO make them. they sell so fast!!
You could do the ol' sink or swim test!
In 72 hours, VDOT's Facebook page has gained more than 250 friends Thanks everyone. Check us out at facebook.com/VirginiaDOT if you haven't.
Get your 15 or 30sec video ad in front of a captive audience of 8K+ at on screens 5/20/12. Starting at $450
Corporations Need To Start Acting As Socially Conscious Citizens via
So much to do... So little time 😒
hhahaha do you have a picture of her? I've been curious as to who she is. lmfao
What? A little Better Than Ezra this morning? Don't mind if I do!
Agreed. I'm honestly speechless right now.
Lamborghini mercy, yo chick she so thirsty. I'm in that juicy Lambo with yo girl, she tryna jerk me.
I am a party pooper :(
that's cool. Where should we do that?
Pictures! We need pictures of kitten vs. balloon! :)
We're not watching it either. Work is a big priority over the emmys
is the best girlfriend in the world for making my birthday amazing. Thank you :))
We suffer because we have forgotten the power of unconditional love
Can 5 more people please, please, please follow me??:)
Barely escaped the airport porno-scan. Would have opted out anyways.
Not much more gratifying than writing the feature script for Hell's Belles, so much fun! Screening the short in March, stay tuned!
can't see your ustream cause I'm at school:[
I watched u sing One Thing by 1D you're so talented n pretty
Would that mean more elevated rail and ground level stations and less underground stations for rail transit?
Wait are you staying in buff too!!? But yes class is monday through thursday so I'll have long weekends!
Glass pretties! RT : Come to "Brazee Street Studio Trunk Show at MiCA 12/v" Tomorrow from 10am to 4:pm.
Such an exhausting weekend. Feel like I never wanna leave my apt again. EVER.
wow you're a dick
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Now I know who's being two faced and who's a real friend
Agreed there
if you could start an nfl franchise with any player who would it be? My pick is Rodgers, u can win now and he's still young
lol! it's a hopeful song at heart... ;p
The shows about to start! Come on over and hang with Karaoke MVP at iLounge tonight. Get your karaoke on. 1287 D Glenwood Ave. Atlanta
U like my super monkey
Iran, UN nuclear agency head for key Vienna talks - Hindustan Times
the 'side' show she put on was interesting though.
Chillin where you at
Today better be a good day or I’m gonna go all Barry Allen and reboot the universe.
If you cannot see the light ahead of you, you might have to look in a different direction.
It's weird when someone you once knew so well is now practically a stranger.
Westbrook's post game clothes must be sponsored by Gap Kids
GOOD :D you so smart <3
My tummy hurts
My birthdays in 9 days. If you really want to make me happy get on the computer and go to website and get me their stuff!
Have you checked out our best selling video yet? Power abs is an intense 12-minute abs workout that targets the whole core.
Pick up the brand-new SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! theme issue, HON: PAST, PRESENT & FUTURE, or any back issues of SMILE, HON!
That double martini was probably a bad idea. I'm such a lightweight anymore.
The good news is no one in the Ruidoso mobile-home park was injured in the explosion. The bad news is there was an explosion. A mobile home.
Angela Corey is NOT playing & obviously about her BUSINESS!! Zimmerman would be smart to plead out 2 a manslaughter charge!!
Fighting to keep California the world capital of film production and jobs!
At my bestie's house love her !!!
Heading to bed. Pretty #stressed about this circuit and design exam.... #LetThisBeEasy!
...9628292540917153643678925903600113305305488204665213841 4695194151160943305727036575959195309218611738193261179... #pi OK, I'm done.
Is it sick that I only tweet when it has to do with ? Oh well. I love her.
“To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.”-- Emily Dickinson
i love that movie. Michael is a genius but i cry whenever i see it but thats how u know ur a die heart mj fan
happy 4th July everyone
Hello to new followers
Happy 50th Birthday I loved celebrating w/ you yest in Chi. Singing 'happy bday mr president' w/ JHud is moment to remember.
Basketball should make teams have at least two white players per team on the court and their points count double.
hopefully the boyz do move to los angeles some day :-)))))))))
Hopefully what I make most mornings qualifies as "coffee"
LET GET TOGETHER AND DO SOME BIZ!!!! I BEEN HEARING GOOD THINGS ABOUT U FROM MY CUZ AM A BUSINESS MAN
MT : My speech at #naicu12 is not online. I will give it to #NAICU and it will be published.
What are the Digital Humanities (web) publications that are in high esteem/especially looked to for news?
Happy Birthday , enjoy your day my love!!!!
Anyone know the best way to stream the Ohio State game tomorrow - would like to watch at work.
(chinese gong) you-a speak-a true blakmikefromBR-san
is the real one.
Research shows that interactions between healthcare providers benefits patients. Do your healthcare providers communicate?
Busy busy busy
Watching Mexico-USA #Goldcup final.
Yes it is time to watch my boy and the rest of the crew of woot woot woot woot
I hope you enjoyed it with a tall glass of mellonade and a bag of fluffy puff marshmallows
Trying to reach someone from your paper for a quick interview asap on new abortion law. Wld you be free or can you recommend?
thanks buddy! Have a great rest of the day :)
it was way worse than it sounds.
Thanks for the sweet tip on late night caffeine, followers. Oh wait. You guys are useless.
Dude, I just fix the toilet & the garbage disposal. I feel Like a real man. Holla atme!!!
If she has just as many or more snapbacks than you
My copy of 'The responsible company' arrived today. Cant wait to read it and how it can help me plan how my next business
I made it CTRL on my MacBook. Much more useful key layout.
Clear in the Westlake Center Downtown Seattle has now joined Twitter and wants to have some fun!
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg. -Chinese Proverb
Admiration is the daughter of ignorance.
At a meet-n-greet with Joseph Middleton tonight. Georgia boy who made good in the big bad city. His advice - "keep it simple."
Recovering from last night
When has the wind taken anyone anywhere lately. Stop using outdated sayings. Nobody sails anymore.
Not this empty feeling again . :(
& should all consider ending their campaigns b4 #SCprimary after their abismal results in
Maybe Next Week .
what's up lovee ?(:
Damm the bus be having some creepy ass people I hear. 
In geometry taking a test that I will fail!!!!!!!!!
I have an issue with my battery getting below a certain percentage.... What that percentage is, I'll never tell lol
Got roped into going to #MedievalTimes tonight. I hope the knights aren't as creepy as that guy from
I can't wait to see what and have to say about marriage on August 19th.
A good friend died last week Her demons got the best of her. She could not find help because she had no insurance We should all be ashamed.
Get your tech business funded at Tech Entrepreneurs Week
Save the date! #Prettylittlethings is going to premiere Sunday December 11th @ 7pm. Ticket Pricing and Wrap/After Party details coming soon!
Charles Barkley accidently called Kawhi Leonard "Kwame." That should be good for his ego.
Bachmann will drop out tomorrow... watch
goodmorning austin :) how are you?
#ifabitchtellsme I don't need a condom, thats my clue to get the fuck up outta there
Short memory, put it behind you, bigger things to worry about tonight ;)
I LOVE YOUR VIDEO, ALL DAYS
But she claimed to be hangin wit her sister!
Thank you for following UNDAWAREness Pink Satin Panties. We look forward to your order and hope you can tell your followers about us.
thank you (:
Hope you have comfy shoes! Enjoy the tour!! RT Getting the tour of #Chicago by Chef Jeff Mahin.
Don't miss debut of #Longmire Sunday, June 3rd at 10pm EDT/9c A&E
Thanks for the follow! :)
hope I make it thru this shift...
Looks great, Guy. Thanks for sharing. - DoL
OMG start submitting
You have the same dress in your incon, no ? :p ♥
hell yea!!
I have a ticket for at the Independent on May 17th. Anyone want to make me an offer for it?
I'd want to attend the first-ever BTW Ball performance just to say I was there, but for health reasons, it's better that I was absent.
How everyone thinks they can sing well
Cant wait till
hey thats mean!):
Thanks, Chef for checking in! We had a good day with CicLAvia. New visitors. How are things with you? Stop by soon, yeah!?
lmao goes its pit bull. nope just some bold guy
All that waiting and #Community opens with a Shirley and Pierce episode? Not a good sign.
Don't go breaking my pretty little heart <3 ....
Minnesota tortoise ID - Tortoise Forum - Tortoise Husbandry ...
Thomas, Aaron and Nando have time for tattoo consultations later this afternoon! If you have some ideas and want a price estimate :)
I would have thought that the Death Cab crowd would trend a little older. Feel like I'm back in high school.
My alarm isnt a friend its my enemy
It was fine except for the crazy wind & rain! yes, we should! Fringe fest? :D
That's an awesome movie! Didn't know it was 50! Wow!
"industry's top coders invited"? But are they coming? What would make you feel more welcome?
oh ok, yup, people were insane today. saw your GF this morning along with Master Chief
We had a great time!Thanks for having us :) RT : Many thanks to #Cision for a super job speaking to #PRSA Suburban #Chicago tonight
I was told by #WellsFargoHomeMortgage that Loan Modifications weren't meant to help everyone.
God Bless America! Just celebrated this beautiful day by eatting at Corky's BBQ in Little Rock.
aw yea lol
I don't feel that it is my business, Key
NYU-Poly Celebrates Entrepreneurs Past and Future
I wish my hair came out a brighter red. 😔 but I'll probably get it brighter in a week or two. :)
Guess they also need people to take of the equipment down in Antarctica during the winter time. I could do that too.
Let us respect gray hairs, especially our own. ~ J. P. Sears
It's SUNDAY and I have a case of the 9 to 5's. Everyone should go to Mt. View Market and check out the growers market today!
2nd hospital visit was worth it. Sister smuggled in a martini for my mom! Nice to see her smile.
FaceTiming with :) she's amazing <3
now those same young men want to date me because I am a milf
I enjoyed some #SoCoPepper at the tailgate today...shots and with Dr Pepper! Definitely grabbing a bottle for next weekend!
I could be on Tumblr for hours.
we've got the secret to driving more traffic to your FB and TW pages! email me at
Record release show killed! Thanks and Hope everyones ears heal soon
im sorry about that! We do use real eggs..sorry for the bad experience; next time 10% off ur bill!
oh I have seen this..."Water Pistol Pete Jr."and "you were on JV Junior Year!". This made me as happy as anything ever!
depends on the guy. And his size really. How big is too big for you?
am I stupid to keep holding Teague? Would you grab Harrington, Greivis Vazquez or Foye and drop him?
Invest in one another. Your community is only as strong as it's weakest link
Should be at BWW watching the Mayweather-Cotto fight
It just keeps repeating. I'm not doing this shit. I'm not.
Someone needs to make a plugin that makes vocals sound as good as they do in your head on recording
If you could trade eyebrows with one celebrity, who would it be? ...that would hurt :)
Wow my dad always knows how to make me feel like a boss! Smh my dad is
Hey #DodgerFam please follow us on instagram for game photos of your favorite photos. Thank you.
We screw up and get charged up the A$$, but they screw up and we just take it and wait forever for things to get fixed...banks are the WORST
Lol agree! RT : I realize what I'm abt to say is extremely fat of me, but the worst part abt a stuffy nose is not being able ...
great point. curiosity is instrumental to learning and shouldn't be undersold.
ah we are going to have fun!!!
This Day in History: Agatha Christie the famous English writer of mystery novels was born. What’s your child’s favorite mystery book?
Being pretty ballsy to wear heels on my first official day at Aldo.
Tomorrow is FREE DAY, FREE day, free day! Did we say it's free?
it's good I can't complain! How's yours asshole?
RT : Set your DVR's will be on abc's 4/24 at 2pm EST
my house is available for vacuuming..... Windows could be cleaned also.
this tour is going amazing for sure! Thanks for all you do!
Good luck on the ED Address!
without me you got it all, so hold on.
isnt it a little past your bed time?
The vow is a great movie!!
I wonder how many people would pre-order if you brought the Squier back.
I know I know! lolz who else is going to help you put up with
has agreed to play in our movie! is gonna fly out to New York to film his scene!
The month of May has sucked so hard. June be nice to me.
I was also confused...maybe suspended without pay means not on the bench either? I don't see him out there...
the music you have playing in cab-vertisements is horrible.
“: You can't compare #HungerGames and Twilight. One is a legitimately good story... the other is Twilight.” haha good one snape
alright .. now I'm ready.
#replacebandnamewithbacon. Pierce the bacon O.o
Art of the Royalty Equestrain art by Farooq Yousufzai www.zanbeelart.com
is this real talk time??
has poor hygiene
Good balls I don't remember the last time I rode that was such a herkyjerky, stop and go, delayed mess.
Your joke about hanging with Ludacris was hilarious.
UW seems like one of those uber-talented teams that need motivation to play well. Looks like they have it tonight.
omg i get one from dunkin almost every day!
Is there anyone in Western MASS or Rhode Island interested in doing a show for us this summer! Hit us up...
One thing I’ve learned from having a baby around: baby wipes make awesome, cheap eye makeup removers.
poblano and chicken chowderish soup tonight for #mondayfunday yahoo its gonna be delicous!
Feel Like Im Going Up Some Stairs..
Finding out your monthly 24 hr fitness membership fee is free>>>>
I was in a downtown Smalbany (picked that up too!) one this morning. No match for my Tims visit a half hour ago.
so is he playing dumb or is he naive? Can't have one without the other.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 11
It is arrogant to disregard and foolish to turn away
It's cold in LA (45 degrees); snow is on the mountains; cloudy. Man. I'd love to be in Boston right now.
Caprese Salad at
I've got to pee
BITCH IM RATED X YOU CAN'T HANDLE THIS.
Vegas kicks my butt!
I dont drive either lol I put stuff together with friends and family and go.
Me too.
Thanks to everyone who contributed to my conversation at Educon! Enjoyed hearing your ideas.
Just figured out if you want an award in my school you either have to be anti social and have no friends or sleep during class.
RT : A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials. -Chinese Proverbs
nutin was up?
"Ain't no tellin when I go so there ain't shit that I'ma wait 4, I'm the type ta say a prayer then go get what I done prayed 4"
Me tony and roma are row 7 section 2
Leaving the EOC room after three hours was like waking up from a coma
I don't touch the stuff AND I agree with this sentiment.
I second that.
could be, I don't know how I would've survived bed rest for 13 weeks without the support of an online parenting community
WHAT ELSE IS NEW.
I can't believe I haven't seen u all wk. Have fun in #Tampa and run next week?
They weigh you down with tons of reading and tests in Abnormal Psychological Behavior during your 8 weeks of basic cab driving.
same here
Watching the fox and the hound
May you please follow me when you get this please follow
Just got on iTunes U for iPad and I'm amazed how much stuff there is.
Fuuuuuuck where are those damn tomatoes! This heat makes ppl drive like idiots! Grrr
I have a mean nurse! -_- ugh FML
If you wish to achieve worthwhile things in your personal and career life, you must become a worthwhile person in your own self-development.
Thanks a lot! :)
Thinking I need another Bdubs date with my bestfriend ...sounds so good!
I've lost all faith. Fuck you #Spartans and
WINDOW : What you heave the computer out of after you accidentally erase a program that took you three days to set up Alfred. E. Neumann
we're just trying really hard to fund the What happens If we don't though?
Let me just let me just
are still in it
I think just blue- because of it's origin on the uniforms!
in the biginning i was blocking them, but stopped, they can only see what I have as public. they share my link on their walls
Brett the hitman!!!
Guy on the bus tried to steal my iPod this morning. I grabbed his wrist and yelled "Don't touch my stuff, asshole!" Not a good start.
Just joined Reverbnation, dont have too much up yet but check out what i have there will be more to come :)
wonderful!!! RT Hey! Hope you're well! Reading your work, today in a class with Diana Taylor :)
Your pocket tweets get more RTs & Favorites than my carefully constructed, obsessively rewritten tweets. :|
I need to find a cross shoulder fringe handbag asap! Help!
At the 10th Annual Craig Noel Awards for Excellence in San Diego Theater! Will tweet the Old Globe winners!
on Stickam <33 & listening to them right now.
What's his BA now?
No words. RT Animal Collective Announce New Album, Centipede Hz, out in September
Anyone know where I can stream the fight???
Overcup is counting down the days before we launch our Kickstarter for The Tall Trees of Tokyo w/ Matt Wagner of
Nope, not a national/collective contest. Ca$h - exclusively for listeners! Win your share! #WorkplacePayoff 9a-5p weekdays!
Wearing suede fucking boots at an outdoor fucking soccer game starring 7 year olds in the goddamned rain. Literally crying. Bye boots.
You'll be able to see the gallery whenever we have an event (it's right when you walk in). We do anything music + art related.
Thanks! If my president does find that CHE article I need to be ready!
": Celebrating Wednesday!! " its Wednesday boys
I can't make it
Last I knew, he wasn't expected to attend. Unless I missed it? haha RT Did Rob already walk the carpet?
well one down...
Ugh! My head hurts!!!smh
Thanks for the suggestion.
Spoke too soon about his defense.
We are new every day. - Irene Claremont De Castillego
Warm April showers in Lincoln Park remind us of the beauty of Chicago. #NationalHonestyDay?
Throw your cups in the air, we so fly... Middle finger up to the sky
I follow - how about you? Pls RT and help us grow!
print, canvas and album deadlines are approaching! Contact us if you need help ordering
So glad I clicked on that link from the DMs about people talking trash on me. Thanks Twitter hackers. ;)
His urgency is all consuming. Now is the time.....Pressing in...
yea you're tellin me. See you at 3. With your phone charger lol
Thank you for providing the food for our #ThinkBigBmore event.
Whenever i see a picture of someone i know with it breaks my heart a little bit every time knowing i havent met him yet
LOL I just looked back to Thursday's tweets- he was my first call, too. But not based on my extensive knowledge of racing ;)
if the people of Kentucky aren't able to see and hear what she said without being there, she shouldn't have been invited.
thanks for the follow I love your food. Shooting a commercial near u, I'll stop in this week.
best game and best played game of the tourney by far, took place last night in Boston. How many turnovers does UNC have?
Some of these seniors ima see again next year.
listening to Rupaul "never come home again" lisent to it... its amazing!!!
I Was thinking coloring
I know! Very awful, I think.
When will u host ur live chat? Hope u notice, thank you ariana for planning this! We love u always! So thankful, xoxo💗💗
Going to the funny/cool/awesome shapped museum in Seattle! Expirence music project and the science fiction museum!! So fun!
she said if I don't go she going the slam me like WWE's Karma and everybody going to look like Bynum when Gasol got dunked on
Good point about fitting in with school culture.
Why'd the scarecrow get promoted? He was outstanding in his field.
Dying to read "FitzOsbournes At War!" Love Michelle Cooper's series! Requested on Netgalley; fingers crossed!
Thanks! RT Julie, Mandy and I volunteered for today: an abundance of volunteers, food, dirt and smiles.
were you waiting all morning to do that? :)
Now Playing- The Love Below..... She Lives in My Laaaaaapppppp...
Hey Xavier muskies! Flowers From Fatima is in the GSC until 12:30 pm today! Stop by after exams and enter our raffle :)
I wonder what the rest of his office folks will think when they see "spandex assess". I'll be banned from filming there LOL
RT : That moment when you hear someone call your bestfriend their bestfriend and you're like..... No.
goodnight world.
hey Alex! Where can I find a schedule of Indy area Hoosier-bound high schoolers in action over the next 2 weeks?
SENIOR TRIP. Must go lol
I think it's cute.
So glad my river didn't ruin your books. Hit my following limit.
I often stare at people dead in their eyes while talking to them. If they look away I'm done with the conversation.
If Joe Rock would have listened to his big brother and got out of the beer business when I told him to, his sight would still be 20/20..
B.I.B.L.E. - Basic Information Before Leaving Earth.
Happy birthday to my best friend ever! 😘🎉🎈🎉🎈
YOU LIE
alright well idk if imma go...
It's just a little too late, I'm just a little too gone.
I got hammer drunk last night.... looks like its ur turn.
You must have a successful midset before success manifests on the outside.
-f you're having a hard time letting go. . Realize that if they really wanted to stay, they'd still be there ..
today in earth science we listened to another song. Only this time it was Taio Cruz.
I Hope The Lakers Lose...
lol ! I know , I've eaten those too but i think we only had shrimp at the moment !
what does it say and im beingcompletly serious and who posted it
Watch Lebron End up hitting Something Let me Stop lol
do you think you could follow me please?
7 more minutes till is on! ah! so cant wait that long<21
We love Scottish accents too... :) RT The accents are everything and more than I could have hoped for. Huzzah!
Laying on my babes chest and while he's talking I burp so loud in his face lmaooo. I laugh and he calls me a pig lol ahaha.
Well of course you guys are the innovators, lol. :)
Now I'm debating whether to go get shaving cream for RCL, because said we'll get in trouble, & I believe her..
Justin doesn't use Auto-Tone to make his voice better, because his voice is perfect the way it is. Justin's Voice Is Flawless.
Not good. Features activation pulled Flow from our Prod org last wk with 0 notice. Not back yet and need. Cant do that. 5yr cust
Happy Holidays JABBERS! Hope you're enjoying this fabulous Miami weather.
YTown loses. Bet this was a good game to watch live RT Final. Wilton keeps Turnbull Cup, 12-11.
talk to the professor. Use your skill from Coed ;)
Has Walker endorsed Paul Ryan's Medicare plan? He endorsed Medicaid changes but seems like he hasnt given a straight answer
Finally, some great grub in Mission Valley: Jeff Rossman's new Bunz serves some of the best burgers - and onion rings - in town.
I feel like complete shit today, most likely thanks to the 0.01% of germs my hand sanitizer couldn't kill
It was gorgeous!
"What if you could get the future ahas a little earlier . . ." Sharing an amazing #breakfastcall with & authors! :)
CIS Chess Instructor: "Yesterday, a student who just moved here from China said the 1st English word I've heard him say: Checkmate!"
Used, at various points, interviews, focus groups, and participant observation.
Heat dont gt a great roster...just great hustle
Not quite sure yet. Waiting on Kendall to get here. Hopefully a little before noon. My break is until 1:10 though
#GoTribe Nah no studying time to watch baseball
Today is Friday! Beer:30 at 4:30. Collective Desk Concert #2 with Ditch The Pilot at 5:00. Oh, and we have donuts!
- Ha! Totally.
haha love you too! is it bad to take 2 of these?
what?!?!? you my friend are confusing me :] lol
definitely! let me know when you girls want to meet up!
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment. Elbert Hubbard
RT : When the flight attendant asked for my final destination, I answered "greatness".
Service portfolios and how to share out information about services now under discussion at
business opportunities popping up all over the place. sure wish I had finished college and finished that business degree. ugh..
Its Hard To Swallow When U See Me Huh?...Speak Up Nigga!!
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Coures!(: #NeverSayNever xoxo Follow Back!
what's he going to do when they strike Iran?
oversharing/commenting/tweeting usually. Tonight I've directed it to continuing to learn Spanish.
I wonder who cause I know somebody saw me lol
Sophia Bush, love her voice... Chad Michael Murray's a dipshit. &Blake Lively's not hot enough 4 the double R, there I said it.
I'm pretty happy with batt. Tho haven't got to try 4g yet...
Fantastic as well:) But I'm not even sure, Im planning to visit hopefully in the next two weeks or so?
I'm in a mood for music I grew up to.. my playlist rocks. :)
Anyone missing? Let us know. RT : created a new list titled 'Ascedians', follow it here: /ascedians;
Just as much as we see in others we have in ourselves. ~William Hazlitt
wtf south park?
I feel a bit stuck w/o second degree. Also, would provide flexibility n different types of industries related 2 education/NPOs.
It's on
Interview questions? Send me your best set of questions and I'll answer them.
what up on a 16?
“: ": text me right quick" <<< same number from last night?” Ayee I'll text you in a min" <<< ok
Agree. Always use shot fake. Good shooter or bad. Always be a threat, or at least fake it.
Its a Leisurely start to the Thursday Morning Commute.... all of our Freeways still looking good....
I did that for a friend for Secret Santa this past Christmas. I think she liked it! Plus it was different.
Off to the ETA. Back Thursday night.
be sure you say when you stop in., thank you.
Kevin Gregg gets the Bosox 1-2-3 in the 10th inning of a tie ballgame. The Mayans are definitely correct...
For years I never knew there was Carvel on the West Coast. Turns out there's three in LA. Fudgy the Whale here I come...
I've got a fever. Don't think #morecowbell will fix it, either. Boo.
thanks baby! Stilletos, pumps in da club!!!! *Snap snap*
if you, Dan and I can eat that entire thing I don't know whether to be proud or disgusted!!
I've been quiet today on twitter. Getting my tweets on with this: would love to see New England lose tonight!
Youre a teenager. Have fun. You only live once.
“: I'm just struggling with a world where #Tebow is more exciting to the general population than cloud computing”
You texted your crush and they didn't yet you back, they wee obviously so excited that they fainted.
Wow! RT : Exciting news! The 1st HUMPBACK WHALE of season spotted by Hornblower today! 8 gray whales along w/ one humpback
- Thanks for the follow, fellow #event #planning #charity pro. Happy weekend!
we missed u:D.
If I can get over it and move on, why can't you?
I know. Nothing waiting on my friend to hmu Im bout to fall asleep waiting. :-/
Instagram has been released for Android! Follow BNB by searching username: BadNewsBears
Something a lot rarer (I would guess) but equally as beautiful? The bus crush. It's like seeing a unicorn win the lottery.
Def "musts" Get back, Shrink the floor and protect the paint, Close hard and contest, Aggressive without fouling, Block out and rebound.
Ok! Cardio, core and one bloody mary! Walk to gym at 548pm? ": lol you didn't answer the question!"
no thanks
BOCCE REGISTRATION ENDS ON 4/21/2011.. MAKE SURE YOU HAVE TEAM SIGNED UP!!
is it your birthday today!?
She was only telling u my Phrase.., U KIDDIN ME? (N My Voice)Haa Nice 2meet u
Thanks, and will do.
yea they did 2-0 against queens park.
Welcome to my page! :)
the middle is by far one of the most funniest, smart, feel good shows!
SPI: It was GRILLED CHEESE DAY! You had to come to us! No one wants a grilled cheese through the mail! #cold&greasy
At this point in life I'm thinking of dropping out of school and becoming a bare-knuckle boxer...thoughts?
I'm checking out #nakedsideofgrace on Friday!
OMG Me too! And then I have to put on the "I really wish I didn't just hear that" face LOL
Love your profile image! Looking forward to connecting tonight at
Fun fact! ... More Young Workers Enter Facility Management Profession as Average Annual Compensation Nears US$100,000
I said to the wanting creature inside of me, What is the river you want me to cross? -Kabir
Unfortunately, I am in the same predicament as Last minute lunch meeting :(
Congratulations on your Arts Achievement Award! "PR is all I've ever wanted to do."
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.!!!<3
Thanks for the RT
I'm just trying to win an EGOT
RT : Day made, again! RT : ESPN just said Wisconsin will be a "huge NCAA championship contender"
Welcome to all the new followers!! If I haven't followed you back yet let me know and I will.
k so stuff tomorrow
But...Steely Dan gets laid by design.
ok, you use the refract. For syrups, but what do you use the syrups for?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Were is my miss my sexy
Loving the passion and physical play by Dirk. Don't worry everyone, he'd have to punch Durant in the face to get tossed.
anyone else beyond stoked for opening day tomorrow ?? go #padres !!! -
Just cause someone is being quiet doesn't mean something is wrong.
Just 2 of~70 things! RT : Astragalus&cordyceps r known as 2 of the most important herbs in Chinese meds.Guess what contains both?
think I dont see things ? huh . .
So true! RT : "Any time is a good time to start a company." —Ron Conway, Founder, SV Angel
this night just got better. followed me.<3 thanks sweetheart.
RT : #UpAllNiteShow we got special guest in da <<<<aye
Shut Up Niqqaa I'm Sleepin.
idk if I'm here next weekend .. But I wanna cu -_- hhah
Heard about the "Have Your Revenge on UFB" contest happening 10/29 ? Video yourself playing UFB and send to
Maybe this corn is messing with my flavor tasters
people should send me one direction pictures ! <3
We are underway now in first overtime...
he is such a pee wee lol
I don't know the science behind it, but a mocha is the only espresso drink on which I can do any kind of latte art with steamed soy. Help.
Ideas have consequences. What u believe will determine how u behave and ultimately who u become.
When you see one of your followers in real life for the first time and don't know whether to say hey or not <<<
excellent advice from : Launch days==stressful. Something WILL go wrong. Take it in stride!
clean their mess up
K and kids arrived home safely.Unfortunately, K took some of the wrong people along and had a miserable time.He deserved a little fun.sad.
Trivia: What city and venue did Rick James play on July 3, 1982?
#rectalbleeding #meatballprobs LOL this show is so bad but I can't turn away
Happy 4th of July!
To all entertainers.Please! Check these business people background first.
He also has Tom Cable coaching up his O-line and he was a first round pick. Lynch will surprise people next year.
Terrible! RT : Everytime my landlord comes by with people looking at apartments, I ruin it for him. Straight Stepbrothers style.
Why the #Lakers didn't close that ish is beyond me?
MORE 1 #Follow Go the #followers !! :)
Btw sleeping naked tonight dream of me. ;~)))
yaaay i grinded for the first time today. :)
I'm all for getting Hart's terrible D out of RF but what do you do in RF/CF then?
Y U NO COME TO MY ST. MARKS READING THIS MONDAY 5/14
Go Braun! Always had faith. Never strayed away Never doubted Never believed the hype Behind you and the Crew all the way.
Who ever organizes traffic downtown needs a dildo in their butt asap was forced to 3! Exits not everybody wants to leave jackass gotta work!
Happy happy Monday! Hope everyone has a fantastic week :)
We're moving forward, we're not there just yet.
Girls will find out everything.
Would you rather have a satellite radio or a GPS system?
Most endangered....New Market Road Corridor,
hmm, that might have been the siren I heard, but doesn't explain the smoke smell
#Appreciation to 's gala presenting sponsors! , the David & Julia Uihlein Charitable Foundation &
great news for all who are considering remodeling or putting on additions!
#christmasstory is exactly what I need in my life!
Thanks, Blythe! I'll drop off a copy at the studio for you! Also, Donald Kushner is interviewed in the book. Ask Brad who he is.
At most laundries in this city, it is either pay and lose some of the clothes or refuse to pay and lose all.
What DOESN'T your BIM model tell you? - #BIM Realities; Dealing with Jobsites in the BIM age-
especially "what's up"
The Devon Worley Band, CD Release Party at Toby Keith's. July 20th Special Guest: Mutli-platinum Nashville Recording artist: (It's a secret)
LMFAO oh , yes my mom is going hahah
EVERY RESPONSE makes PROVES how INEPT, INSIPID & IRRESPONSIBLE he is! #GOPGOTTAGO2012 !Where's whn he needs her?lol
After party for every party this friday ladies yall free all night party dont start til the other clubs end 21+ BYOB 5 flat screens
RT “: #euopenhouse Italy has NO free food or wine:( not worth the wait” > thanks for the tip!
Great day, projects going well, business where I want it and kids giggling in the pool. Good life.
Andrew Luck is a mouth breather
woah man how did u score that?!?! :O
thanks for the follow
i am in fucking love with this too, i want to make love to it. oh, and thanks for the surprise text this morning
Bella Forte is moving its studio into 1200 SF of beautiful space complete with C&P printing presses ready to print beautiful letterpress pi…
#IWantToHave a relationship with my baby daddy that last forever so I can tell my kids to go in the room with Daddy Not to call him
Sigh...there's the inevitable Mexican goal.
: WOAH!!!! What u be sayin boy????? Are u biscuit talkin now!! Lol!!
A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner.
Using for the first time in Chicago with . Awesome service!
Anyone got a pair of agressive inline skates they would like to sell to me?! Haha
Hiphop international is following meh :D
T-Mobile offering free phones/tables on Saturday Feb. 11th? Boss, wifey and I are eligible to upgrade.
February in an extended remix.
ESPN has all our schools on the preseason top 5 for next year...Lutes/Mikulecky final four vacation?
It's All You Can Eat Wings Night at most of our locations! Who's joining us for dinner?
the trouble is, he's stuck with so many bad actors who don't know how to play funny
They rate everyone. If you're on fb or a blog, in this case twitter they have your name & rate you on your social interactions.
I think my cat might be cross-eyed.
The #Avengers commercial made the Super Bowl worth watching.
hopefully the experience as a whole was sweet...and she's right "Mad Sconnie" FTW!
- Tomorrow is the 25th anniversary of the original Farm Aid. I was there - www.theconcertstage.com/farmaid1985.html
hmm... Maybe so. I've got a minimum number if you're too busy, though
In the clouds for the last time I'm giving it up this time for real
it's not exactly loneliness.
Wish I were there, but season premier from the hotel is no small consolation.
": I am here because he died and rose again" mane i like dat there... me to everbody is
Local roadside motel with fuzzy channels? New Mexico Satellite Man is on the way!
Be on the look out for features with and
I should probably start these essays within the next hour...
No Way!! Really? I thought for sure Duncan Hunter would voice rave reviews for Mr. Obama's speech.
Did you know: Natural stone is always porous to some degree. If it's not properly treated with a protective sealer, liquid can leave stains!
hope you are having a fab Monday, thanks for the mention
Chilling with my girl all day.
Magic fans need to put out the #orlandomagic area homes are moving fast
:) thank you! RT : I'm glad I came too! (: Haha. You guys are really talented!! You guys killed it yesterday!
“I can look at the knot in a piece of wood until it frightens me.” - William Blake 1757-1827
Greenpeace&#39;s Sign to Amazon, Microsoft: &#39;How Clean Is Your Cloud?&#39;
The weather is beautiful in #Philly ! Are you ready to camp? #EdCampss #sschat #edcamp #edchat #ASCD12 See everyone soon!
You're welcome Oppa! ^^
When you start a number of different companies, you are doing something different all the time and, as a result, continually learning.
i walked into lil' ceasars and they were playing good girls bad guys and sink or swim. and ive never heard ETF anywhere > craig
Happy Saturday West Coast. It's 11:11...Make A Wish!!!
TROUBLE WON'T LAST ALWAYS
congrats frm me too RT : Congrats on getting your new CBS pilot Vegas picked up to series!
Happy Birthday Justin. We Love You Your So Inspirational To Alot Of People Out There <3 #HappyBirthdayKidRauhl :')
I'm sure well be discussing it in IRC as well.
Exactly, it's called a condom for a reason.
"Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a teardrop."
Gave Gary and Dylan my bank card to get cash out for me, got a feeling they're gonna forget my pin and get my card swallowed
I miss you.
Dear College Students, Don't graduate. Stay in school. As long as you can. Coordially, A jealous college grad
When your friends 11 year old brother cries while reading a book about bunnies
not collocated yet but I am leaning toward macminivault
When I lay down after walking a lot, I feel the veins pulsing in my thighs. It's so weird, it feels like I'm being poked in random areas.
is it Jimmy Conrad?
it was a bootiful river
Looking for media sponsor for #Arizona tour dates.
I love coming home and smelling like him <3 I'm so ready to go to my grandmas and eat (:
i actually liked the movie we watched for history.
Happy Saturday!!!! We have an awesome Bootcamp going on at Innovative Fitness!!!
hahaha "The wheels still turning, but the hamsters dead"
"To do is to be"-Plato, "To be is to do"-Sartre, "Do be do be do"-Sinatra, "Scooby dooby doo" - Scooby Doo
