When I see a guy wearing jeans with big ass holes in the knee I'm like, he's been sucking a lot of dick.
I don't know... Who have I said in the past?
Almost to 100 likes on FB! Tell your friends to come fall in "Like" and Love with Lush!
Thanks to all who made this year's #CUAEF a great success!
follow back ?
Spent the night watchin movies with my girl! Awesome time with her
Who wouldn't like you?
thanks for follow Slim your career as an artist is a Blast!! Show us some love...and ask fans to follow us
at home
Do you know how much work I have right now? Do you know how much Doctor Who I'm watching instead?
Watching 'It's always sunny in Philadelphia' love this show!!!!
Is it really necessary for every single textbook to include a section on ethics?
thank you. thank you both so much.
.. you woke up with a dead body in your closet :) and you need to dispose of it.
TRS is very happy to welcome new client Stonewall Columbus!
Three-part harmonies... So good. ( thanks for sharing your ticket!)
Got the word today: the film officially made it into the Senior Showcase! The hard work and dedication paid off.
Totally abusing twitter, but any chance there is a pot of coffee brewing in the Indy newsroom?
On a recent episode of dating advice talk show, Planet Love Match ® Radio, psychologist, medical physician, and author Dr. Reef Karim di
Good luck Jared! Who's taking over at baseball this weekend?
aww i missed it what did he do
Yeah the Pfister looks legit - we just wanted an excuse to walk around downtown. Thanks for the tips!
what is the most profound song, to you, on #TheFlood?
Huge week ahead of us here at KG. Golf tournament is going to be amazing
you are very welcome haha :)
all day, every day. If I'm laughing, you're stupid. LOL “: #Cancers have the great ability to laugh at things that annoy them.”
Guest lecturing at Minnesota State University, Mankato at Edina
Good luck!!!
...what happen last night -_-
you got to rephrase that in the form of a question. Who is retiring from Jeopardy?
Work day is winding down...2nd work day is just beginning! Catch me if you can ;) #lifeofapublisher/buddingnovelist/superwoman -- Samantha …
Alcohol is necessary for a man so that he can have a good opinion of himself, undisturbed be the facts! ~ Anonymous
that's the best feeling ever
No me gusta research paper for AP Lit. Why are we still doing work when everyone already finished the college board exam last week?
I heard something broke. I believe it's the same break JMac had
Are you going to the #Cubs opener today #Chicago? What's your prediction?
Many of the licensing entities - perfect e.g. Calif. & Florida Bar Examiners, outright discriminate against disabled people
can anyone on the Rockies catch the ball? They look like the Mets!
My Next Move Gotta be My Best MOVE!!
Whether they're new, old or not yet made, Happy Hour is more fun with friends!
lloyd you
I'm more or less convinced the secret to "social" media now is 95% talking without listening. 5% ads.
im talking to my lab partner in chemistry about how excited I am that im going to your concert in aurora!!!!!!!
Live so that you would not be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
right my mom came up w/ the quote. i was like sick. i have 2 get that. :)
Everybody hit follow!! :) I
no 5 o'clock news after golf?
we are coming to Georgetown to watch Otto play Saturday. From Sikeston Missouri
Will inmates be forced to pay for their "rooms"? That's now the law in Riverside and other counties. Details on NBC San Diego News @ 11 pm
Is it wrong to want to squeeze Phil Mickelson's manboobs?
Mini-me passed on the green danky doo to this guy :(
Happy V-day!!!!
thanks for the
Tour groups comprised of 20-30 teenagers supervised by one adult should be forbidden from entering Disney World.
shlankin like you thought i would
Phone interviews....awkwerrrd!!
good day to you!
I would have passed one to you. But it would have said on it... "Now, write me one back". =)
Freaking awesome <3 :D
Meh. Close enough. Just make sure you leave some extra blankets out for them.
Words are like seeds. They have creative power. Isaiah says, "We will eat the fruit of our words." What seeds are you planting?
dont u dare put anotha tat on that ass. Well please dont. There Im beggin
Looking for someone to help me create a #Original #Logo any takers?
I want a Starbucks Frappe.
YAY!!!! my flight got a 24 hr delay! i have an extra day in japan!!! woot woot!! AH!!!!!! im so happy!!!!
It seems I always need more hard drive space.
Have you walked down the steps at 117th and Broadway yet? It's an oasis of budding trees..
I have no idea why Miami has any of their starters in at this point.
shush im under cover (:
Hey folks, is pulling a 24 hour tweet-a-thon to promote her web series They Live Among Us. Check her out!
HUGE snowflakes!!!!!
Rollin' around smokin on stink bombs
hopefully my car note... Lol... Nada!!! Whats been up my boi.... When are you coming to visit?
thanks for your warm messages!
I'll hook you up with a megaphone & see if we can get the cops to pepper spray you ;)
Salesforce says growth is so extreme they need to focus on their basic business rather than mission bay.
women's day? Ew find me a kitchen
"iCarly Is Forever In Our Hearts"
Go Badgers! (#Wisconsin #Syracuse)
Aw I love my dress!! 😁
MAN::Grumpy::Old::Bitter must be a core module, because I've apparently been using it all along!
We love out here in !!!
Dream Concert: A never ending All Time Low concert where Alex brings you on stage and sings A Daydream Away to you. <3
“: #Brewers!!!!!”. // uh oh. Remember the last time a Wisconsin sports team won something big? What are you planning?
I would retweet this but someone is fancy and have a privacy setting!
Let's here it for The New Hope Baptist Church choir in #Newark. We're gonna have church today!
as do most uw fans! I root for both, love this marquette team but hate draw with mizzu in sw16.
its a good thing you're cute
How long have we known each other?
Pens having a rough day
Picture this: 3 producers, 2 RVs, 2 gas stations, 23+ phone calls, a pack of m&ms and 3 hrs later... Shit's getting done!
thanks for the love sister! Xoxo
#YouTubersInIrene spamming this
Has now been measured up from Shell and John's wedding suits. All feels very real now! #excited!
do u know that this storm is supposed to be rlly RLLY big? Call me a pussy, but im scared! LLN
#pohnlproblems RT : BREAKING: Elliott Pohnl has some douche like qualities. Multiple sources confirm. Stop bashing soccer, hater.
Enjoy it Shelly. Happy to know there is new influence about to come through your pen :) cheers
your 5th topic is congress, and 7th is cats so i'm gonna say it's spot on.
DONE! And with education discount...what, $50 each? LOL!!
Agreed, kids blossom at different times
If you've ever had an iPhone fall victim to drowning... did Apple replace for free? Charge you? What?
i promise we were chuckling when you spoke, too. we always do.
Wife: If i become fat and ugly will you leave me? Husband: *starts laughing* Wife: WHAT?! Husband: Im still here arent i?
THE CURSE IS BROKEN!
Traffic is less frustrating with the right music playing in the car.
#DC media/photogs interested in covering Pearls of Purpose gala, email me for media credentials
It is an amazing feeling to know that you have people in your corner in total support of you, rooting you on!
welcome hun(; have a wonderful birthday ...follow back?
at least we can agree on one thing. Fuck ND.
I feel you
#kids Repacking Your Bags - Wednesday Evening Series: Repacking Your Bags - Wednesday Evening Series from Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 7:30...
Broadcasting POD events through Adobe Connect- ECRC
Christmas is in the air in #NYC tonight!!
Looks like I'll be headed to Kohl's!
You never know what you got until the day its gone. :\
RT Bill James: Basketball metrics are more sophisticated than most people realize, in some ways ahead of baseball
ain't gonna hit a N**** back on Skype ha
Tomorrow is party time with the bff.
tweeting you in school! #SaySomething is amazing!!!
hopefully they just show up under the tree ; ) but seriously, you will love them!
Where you going? Crazy! Wanna come?
Im bored and i just woke up ctfu
I ate too much ice cream and sprinkles...
well, that pretty much kills the #caps. Going to be tough to take this series.
I wanna see the Avengers in 25 minutes so bad.
Following for #KmobsChallenge #Android users get to it!
it wont work(;
House of Loom 10th & Pacific!!! Get here or GET HERE!!!!
What strategies to fight poverty and connect offline communities #converge?
Yeah, I didn't have my ipod, so I decided to do it the old fashion way of everythangggg... GOOGLE. hehe
Happy Hunger Games and may the odds be in favor :-)
Cy Young's career wins record of 511 wins is UNBREAKABLE
I love you to bits, all of you's! Listening 2 your songs are the only thing I've got right now to cheer me! R.I.P grandmaXO
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
Motownphilly back again!!!!!!
One day, when I'm cool, I'll have hair like Seriously! Where do I have to go??
heading to INMA in L.A. Looking forward to a great conference
S/O to the girl wearing the XO sweater.
Good luck! : It's official... I'll either wow and amaze, or bring your rotten tomatoes. Either way, should be fun.
This kid jus took a piss in the bushes on school property O.o
Hi Nairi, thank you for the wonderful compliment on my work , I love what you are doing as well! Best Mark
you are going to annoy her to death :)
Language tip for new parents:Don't be embarrassed to talk to your newborn. Narrating even a diaper change exposes her to hundreds of words.
(Drat: TYPO! I meant )
I really don't know! Haha but I'm hoping its a mini concert or something haha!
It's been getting hectic lately, that ain't good
RT if you love Louis Tomlinson, i will follow you :)
KUHN RT : #alwaysclassicwhen the packers' faithful cheer for their fullback.
pandora and studying
well whats gucci? c:
#OOMF know he havent bin gettin pussy all year round...trust me, we know...lol
its Built to Spill at the Moore theater on October 21.
they ARE so big! it goes so quickly. Miss you too!
I'm addicted to the song "Paradise." Keep it up Augest!
“: just gave me his cherry!”
Very happy to start a day stress-free for the first time in 3 weeks.
Happy Birthday to my FAVORITE housewife !!
Hey if your going to the French Market on Bittersweet/Irving Park - Dave will be there with our wonderful coffee.It's a beautiful day-enjoy!
I have your husbands phone number bitch.
Haha. I can't wait until they make their Twitter accounts. Haha. It's going to be great.
who the fuck names a kid "Huckleberry"? way to be, Mark Twain.
honestly, you guys sound a little jealous!
Almost finished with the guitars. About to start the vocals. This EP might be released sooner than we expected.
Magic Number = 35
If you're stupid enough to do the cinnamon challenge, you probably deserve to throw up.
"How do you find the time for everything"
#GirlWhyYou got me thinking heavy?
What about BELOW? Do haunted submarines count? :)
I hate feeling less significant
All good things must come to an end, BUT... we will be giving away more awesome swag!
is a simple device which will be located inside of letterbox controling all newspapers/personal letters put into letterbox
Waking up and feeling rested, best feeling in the world.
saw you at southland today!! (: rt?!? (remember the blonde in the orange!) that's my sister! Ahah!
#BackWhenIWasAKid My mom made me play outside when it was sunny.
how long haven't we talked like eighty years?lol
o yeah I wouldn't have left just to leave
that cat was pretty cute. :D
The best of leaders when the job is done, when the task is accomplished, the people will say we have done it ourselves
Hey west side!
What is your favorite quote?
I'm prepping my head to celebrate #DILLA come March.
why does it feel like i dont tweet or update my fb status as much anymore?? i used be on here all the freaking time!
Just got through my biology final in one piece. Fewww
Tired of fake bitches forreal
I am looking for a good Public Relations Representative... Email me with any details at
Nice to be able to choose, says this U too. Wasn't always that way.
lmao RT I be wanting my soul to reflect the purity of the Sun, nsht.
needs to start texting me again:)
just listened to paris hiltons new song, drunk text...
YEA ITS IN THE LA THINGGYY MABOBERR
the look on the girl's face next to me in the library when she heard the man on the PA system=priceless
Dang, my job scheduled me on the day of birthday dinner....
Hoping my team can get the job done ill be there cheering y'all on even tho I can't talk
Show this Friday and Saturday. We hope you will come out.
hey andrea how are you ?
I'm going to bake a cake.
congrats on the phone call frow ari!!! :) have fun and tell me how it goes! :)
I'd be more shocked/impressed if that Time cover had used models.
looking forward to partying with You!
Evan turner traveled soo bad...smh at
Live Jazz with Joe Marillo from 7 to 9pm tonight!
Uploaded my first YouTube video, it's me ranting about people and things that piss me off. *cross fingers* i hope it's good.
she is going to kill you! Did you talk to her?
nah we takin it to the air Friday night.... Have the boxing gloves ready...Lls
could you tweet for me? she needs you..
Doctor's in the morning.. 😒😥
I'm excited to see you at the mocktail!
#CHIchat is getting started in 10 minutes! Join Chicago's finest to chat about Art, Music and Culture in the city!
Motivate - We are still masters of our fate. #quote We are still captains of our souls.
follow me please! <33
oh my. Good to hear everything is okay now.
says Dems are filing a complaint with the GAB alleging illegal corroboration between Walker's Campaign and State Govt.
I cooked tonight. Salmon w/a nice glaze, mashed potatoes, garlic sautéed spinach & a light strawberry short cake. Guests were happy & full.
sorry we couldn't even get you 1,000 followers! Pathetic I know. Tried my best though :-)
you serious???
UC San Diego Sulpizio #Cardiovascular Center just opened. Learn how to get an appointment&keep your #heart healthy bit.ly/orlzed
I am obsessed w/ 1 of the goodies that came in my ! But I don't want to say what it is & kill the surprise ;)
When people say Jordan isn't a baby I'm just here like, "Have you seen his handwriting IT'S SO CUTE LIKE A BABY." same
thanks for the shoutouts today!
....is screaming HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 my lil cousin...LATOYA STRIPLING!!!!
First day of #NADA2012! Are you going to the ATD Welcome Reception? Tweet us & let us know!
Did you ever followed me back?
Come out tonight to the Farmer's Market from 6-9 for an evening of wine, beer, hors d'oeuvres, bluegrass and a silent auction!
gee wish I cud do that but i live 5 minutes from where I work & im not allowed to sleep @ work
Well, hello Houston. You are very humid.
nice.. How many people did you invite?
New jordans sold out already ...huh! This shit needs to stop!
Instead of the "white race" we should be worried about the human race
it's $5 and registration is at 4pm at Mullens and includes10 different Southside bars. It's on facebook too!
client project for #Imprinted countdown clocks. #Custom countdown clocks for corporate events or a new project rolling out.
ha ha well you never lnow
I won the #twitterwar agains by 63! Thank you all for the follows! BUT I will still send a check to
Circumstances are usually impartial...but life is only as hard as I make it¡
Are you a good sport?
I love Clark's class. 💜
We might not have total control of our fate but we can certainly give it a push in the direction we choose.
everyone has something, right?
Me too. RT : My Draw Something name is the same as my Twitter name, if anybody feels like bringin' it.
So far... I'm leaning heavily toward Ken Blackwell for RNC Chair.
He's a tall white guy wearing a black Track 7 t-shirt.
Thanks meow
Bay bay bay
Yellow aphids on the lovage, green aphids on the fennel, & blue aphids on the cauliflower= time 2 make 1st batch of organic insect repellent
Watching Hostel Part II & I can't help but think that somewhere in the world a place like that really exists......yikes!!
Relaxing. It hasn't happened often this week.
The amount of anger building up inside of me is unhealthy... 
it's like a wreck, I can't look away
SERIOUS horn-honking right now on Mission street right now!
I'm listening to your covers for the first time and i just love your voice!
I wanna make these (CC)cookies. It's mad late though!.
This unacceptable
RT : Missed 2 wkshps but made 's prtnrwrk Class w/ Outstanding- they broke dwn tricky moves...
How to love <3
I don't normally read SciFi stuff. But I am finding myself really enjoying Dawn by Octavia E. Butler
Fuck it #OKC belongs to Kansas city
Thanks for the RT. Would you guys take a flight on a that plane? Cuz we're looking into tix, if you want us to grab you some.
yeah I guess :p I'm still kind of upset about the break up :/
English TV, I usually love you! Why won't you indulge my post-season, grand-slam, fair-weather sporting enthusiasm?
my students are having a really difficult time coming up with non-computer equivalents to things like tumblr or instagram.
Prepping for arrival... Making sure she has an enjoyable stay
NEW FREEDIA NEW WORLD EXCITED TO B BACK ON THE ROAD OMG!!
ESPN reporting that Favre is expecting to play tomorrow against Patriots, says ankle is much better.
WIN A FREE T SHIRT. www.yeldahgoods.com/contests
Come out to KB Homes today (206 Animas Cove Georgetown Tx) from 1p-3p to see beautiful homes and win some great prizes!
so sorry!! I'm a little slow at the twitter! Thanks for the shout out! :)
sorry ... I'm not actually going to jazz tomorrow
; well then, text me later...the app. :)
omg can i commit now
The best night editing the last issue of with , (emo) and Cheers, super-staffers.
we may not have it all together but together we have it all ❤
Apparently Sweetest Day is a midwest holiday. Glad to be on the west coast. Didn't care for that holiday anyways.
what's the scoop
any second now.
Why is there no other rangoon? Why does crab have a monopoly on rangoon?
RT Red Bull is one of the biggest syndicators of extreme sports content. They make more $$ off their content than product.
So excite to see The Lorax with Liam and Jack! #nannydate?
thanks for posting this sir.
any time:)
Give directly to candidate if under $1,000. They can buy ads for half the cost of PAC groups.
Dear crush, I want our relationship to be like Tom & Jerry; no matter how many times we fight, we won't be apart.
hey there Jim. Pleased to tweet you! Happy running - wiz.
It is not a question of how well each process works, the question is how well they all work together
Cannot stop watching Intervention. Show opens up my eyes.
hm my hair smells good.
Eating ice cream n Oreos at 3am missing my first lady
What are you going to dress up as for Halloween? I need some inspiration!
The moment I put on the sweater, I knew that I liked it.
Rookie of the Year?! Right? My first crush too. :)
Leadership means taking accountability for both the results and the way the results get accomplished. How matters.
I'd be happy to - can you follow me so that I can DM you? Thanks so much!
Im addicted to this album!!
Shout out to 4 jumping on the track, It's gon' be a Classic #Real recognize Real
Basketball is a team game. But that doesn't mean all five players should have the same amount of shots. Dean Smith
no doubt
Email me and we will figure something out.
I hope this is my bus in the distance...
hope the bday was wonderful! see you next weds?
very much so. Simpsons lost it years ago.
Hey, forgot to say congrats for meeting your following goal! Has anyone claimed their free babysign class yet?
Vegas bound! Gonna see George Jones, The Possum!
i will
i loved #redemption great job guys!!!
If you don't have gas mask, a bandana soaked in vinegar will protect your face,eyes vs tear gas
i read your column about the moss Vikings tweet. i appreciate you "coming clean." very respectable. thank you.
I'm gonna find #oddneighbor on FB. I bet she's got some interesting things on there
was the best moment
Evelyn Waugh~ Punctuality is the virtue of the bored.
I guess I was just practice.
Realizing if I were a character on #larkrise ... it would be Dorcas... sans corset, post office, or lady parts... #whoRUonPBS ?
How'd u want me to take care of u...
Grubby Girl will be closed from 12/23 until I/4/12. Have a safe and Happy Holiday Season!
#YEEUH DID HE SEE??
of course it is
no slam on Charlotte; CUSA does itself no favors taking in weak or brand new football programs. Bigger not always better
Thanks! If you've got lots of friends in poker, we're looking for affiliate reps all over the US. LMK if you're interested.
Today is friday finally <3
Back rubs? No. Back scratch? Yes.
Good morning
hey Kendall you really should follow this awesome #Rusher she is so sweet and she loves you
What was the best movie to come out in the past couple of years? Let's hear some opinions!
It hits right in the pocket and Donny sounds incredible. That whole album is great. Loveit.
ya know I didn't even know her name lol...now I got that song in my head!
haha. 2004. Oh snap. We have a lot to talk about now.
I love Diggy Simmons and Mindless Behavior
Saying you'll go to sleep but being to distracted to even try.
RT "The worst thing that can happen is that you'll die and go to heaven." --Joel Osteen at
PANEL INFO: The Digital Me: Personal Branding SIS Founders Rm
This is the day I have to say goodbye to my great grandmother and I don't know if I'm ready for this but the lord will see me through this!!
tft #oomf can tweet but not text back...
Hold on. Change is coming. Everything is gonna be alright. 💙
Still going. My current distance is 6.34 miles. Current song is -
Deadline for recall candidates to turn in 2,000 signatures to GAB is tonight at 5
is that a visual comparison as well?
Only by going too far can one possibly find out how far one can go.
Playoff basketball is so nice lets go #Nuggetts!!!
Everybody dies but not everybody lives
no doubt
And I can't breathe.
It took until May 8th for Miller Park roof to be open for a game. Yet, the have managed to play how many games at Wrigley ?
following the ... pretty eerie to read and remember seeing this unfold on TV...
Frak yes!! I love those movies and Sackhoff is a total hottie!
TGIF! Our suggestions for a good Tucson weekend: Drinks at Playground, reverse happy hour at Union, Sunday's Food Truck Roundup!
when your really #notguilty but no one believes you.
Adele's voice sounds clean smooth and clear
NP. Was a pleasure seeing the great work you do being honored. Congrats! RT : Thanks for the #DCADDYs shoutout!
with my face buried in my iphone? yep!
Happy Birthday Gray! Hope you have a great day! Love ya(:
Is it even possible to go to all of your classes in a week?
That moment when it just seems like nothing is right . / :
does worldgolf have an RSS feed?
Yes! Do u deliver? :) RT : Anybody want some fresh chocolate chip cookies?
I like your new avatar photo, pretty :)
Sweet Daughter, them are some wise words. Ain't it THE truth! “: sweet Jesus Christ my sanity. #butreally”
Tune into ESPN in 20 min at 8PM ET to watch the show I'm working on - NCAA bowling.
Way to go SF Giants! WooHoo!!!
NEXT 4 ARTISTS TO DM: ME .. #PROMOTED ON #MHRR, Mile High Royalty Radio, Week 2! SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY! Not limited to
See bybloggers.net/wckc_cpt.zip for sample code from Custom Post Types session
yea for sure !
Yea buddy! First time I've been really into the Sixers since AI (the real one) was around.
keep those boobs in your shirt if we play the Lakers in the Finals again. Kobe likes him some white meat. You are to skinny though
wht u talking about I always follow ppl back just don't ask me ok lol
Mom was asking me for fashion advice over text, and I finally said, "Google Mad Men & click images. That should be your style."
Second round, yeah. Then will be in Europe within three years.
Im gettin tatted again this weekend im damn near outta room already lmal
Thanks for the recommendation Mark, I look fwd to his tweets.
well iam trying to have FUN!
thanks ;) what an incredible experience!
Catch All Terrain co-founder on ABC's between 9-10 AM! She & WCL are teaming with Bloomingdale's for a great cause!
Don't forget RP's single in all of this
My son named his bike SPEED...
Just witnessed a showdown between danielle and a stupid Chinese retard and danielle just TRASHED her 🔫💣💣💣🔫👲
Is Jenga one of the Hunger Games?
Bruce Greenwood would make a Fantastic Reed Richards
presiding over my last #Houston Young Lawyers Association board meeting as president! It's been a great year!!!
hell yea I do porn everyday hahhahahaha
thanks for sharing the Baltimore love, Michael!
Thanks! Just getting into shooting, I was happy with how I did. This was at 15 yards
haha, well played!
and again I say y'all are ADORABLE :) Awwh! True love! <3
When I'm put in to awkward/bad situations. -.-
At Maricopa Assoc of Governments Economic Development Committee collaborative discussion on Innovation opportunities and Incubator successes
yeah that's a good song:D
Good Monday morning to you today. Cold but sunny here in Kipling, NC. Working on shipping out weekend orders.
18 years ago today genius passed. May we always remember the brilliance of Bill Hicks....
RT : Im hosting The Miller Lite #NFLDraft Kickoff w/ #Bears Alumni Shaun Gayle & "Big Cat" Williams 2night...
Why do you press harder on the buttons of a remote control when you know the batteries are dead?
I want it to be July; tans, swimming, and fireworks<3
No, you'll end up looking like Mike Napoli or even worse, Joey Fatone
I hate it when i finally get my hair how i want it and then i go to work and it fucks it all up.
we were confused here also. Someone thought it was approaching delay of game?
I'm about to give up on this chemistry assignment 😞
laptop and i have a stupid old phone either way stupidd
in other words he's clueless...out of touch!
I love making new Friends
I miss your tasty orange drink, I haven't had it in what feels like forever!
Psst... has Drake tickets coming up at 6:30 tonight. You best be listening if you want 'em!
i never doubted you for a minute. , I would intentionally force mike to do anything too stupid
i watched it last night and idk if i was expecting too much or what? Great cast just couldnt get into the storyline
Braved the rain for some peach pinkberry, totally worth it
I feel bad for people with life changing moments because every moment for me is life changing.I guess I have a life changing life.
#NBA #MLB #MLS #NHL all in action this time of year. #GodblessAmerica That's pretty much what it takes to cope with #NFL off-season
Checking in @ Golden Globes gift suite in Beverly Hills...yes life is tough! I will do what I normally do...donate most of it to charity.
Oh, Olive! Is one of our new vendors! Come and delight in its many healthy extra virgin olive oils and vinegars.
I laugh on the outside and still crying on the inside.
and I am ALSO on my way to YOU!
I'm cold
Let's just assume I know this isn't my Mom's/ Grandma's Food/Store/Restaurant and find something more creative to say about it instead.
Happy Mother's Day, Dad... you mother!
Sound is Dope!!!
I didn't even realize blockbusters still existed. I want my VHS!
About to go down the rabbit hole. Pray for peace and self awareness. This could be a long journey. I love this world and everyone in it.
Thank you very much.
See y'all tonite at The Bartlett Comedy Spot with & 5709 Raleigh Lagrange.730
The women have to create an ad campaign, which includes casting, wardrobe, props and hair and make-up. ANTM is ALL NEW tonight at 9 on CW20!
omg jersey shore was so good<33333
represent and manage pro athletes.
u are lucky didn't crack your skull punk!!!
At Liuzzas, there's a guy here with loud kids. It's Ray Nagin.
Teach a man to fish & you've fed him for a lifetime!
Allstate has given $2.6M since 2006 to college scholarship funds; Target gives $3M/WEEK to local communities. How do you pitch-in?
in this global community why not have a global web site......peewaddy.com
did you take any pictures? would love to see the final look:)
I am not playing with this #daydreamsandnightmares album. Ask. what he heard today.. I swear this shit is gonna be nice! As you were
2 snakes!! They both got caught on sticky mouse traps i put in my room! I almost fainted when I found them! LOL!!
Hey Twitter... Hi
TV or Movie job?
GOODNIGHT TWEETHEARTS! MUAH #SWEETDREAMS & #REMEMBER #FOLLOWYOURDREAMS SO U CAN TURN THEM INTO REALITY! ;)
CALL ME.
Would it be ok if i took your breath away?
Shout out to the newest tweeps to follow us and join the FreeHand Corps: , & !
lol yea you right
This Cavaliers team is much much better this year. One ping ball falls our way and we are now competitive.
VIP Tables SOLD OUT and waitlisted last night ... hope you already made your reservations for tonight! - DJ HEAVEN & DJ RIZ @ ESTATE *
I want a Madonna piercing (:
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Not someone but 5 people... One Direction :)
USAC open wheel star Bryan Clauson has been hired by Sarah Fisher to try to qualify for the Indy 500.
nice : ) but silver and fancy bows and arrows…and computer generated death hounds...
Tonight tied UK's worst loss against UofL (12 runs) in the school's history (UofL won 15-3 in 1979)
my cat raps. his names Wiska Lifa.
no bc we all read that Courtney wins on Which is going to suck for Ben at the Women Tell All next week
sent u a txt I can type more in a txt
#nf follow back
hey Mae!
Don't ever lose faith in someone or something. Faith is what keeps us going.
you've been foiled by your own sense of indignation.
any suggestions for dealing with cramps during end of training session?
#areyoufuckingwithme this is so not true? he's busy! do u think he would really go visit you , stupid starting shitt.
Working the door at the Hype Hotel all day and I don't own anything green to wear... anticipating all sorts of fun comments.
I'm here
It seems like Everytime I'm around you, were laughing our asses off haha
Congrats Cindy on Motherhood tix win: "The greatest gift anyone could EVER be given!" Thx to all for participating...mom trivia 2morrow.
I'm reading Death at Pemberley by P.D. James!
.. and Andrew W Mellon Professor of Humanities at Boston College.
Honored you are following. Looking forward to your tweets on #gratitude, #change #management, & #positive thinking.
WOW kansas making big plays on D.
I was watching 'Parenthood' on TV. All I can say is that this group is a loud, contentious bunch. Even the 'Gilmore Girl,' is a bitch.
Watchin saw with my sis and mommah gotta love these girls!!":)
I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easily, and care too much..,.,.,.,,
Let it Ho! Opens tonight! Come pick up your free drink and OOB koozie! TONIGHT @ THE SPOT 8pm!
I weighed in and gained 0.2 lbs.
and I hope Nuggets win tonight 'cause I predicted DEN/LAL series would go to 7 and said would be an upset. so go Nuggets, beat L.A.
But, he doesn't look a day over 320!! :)
Crazy Friday
yea shits gonna get ugly
Did I just see Spinelli dressed as The Dude's rug?
The 'Saw' button is great!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 20
walking to class?
Shoulder Lean will forever be be song! I LOVE that song!
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657. please follow me back and i love your videos. =)
Awesome!! Okay so I'm gonna be 23 on Monday and I'm going all fangirl over this contest lol so much fun!
More on #TheWantedInWisconsin in a few minutes on #WISN12. Congrats to students at one #Racine school!
***WESA members***, we still have some rooms available!! Just visit us @ hotelvq.com & click on the WESA logo for your special rate!!!
Great, I just realized I work in a small Maine town that has been engulfed by thick fog for days. I need to make my way to a grocery store.
Tons of great options. Try Sitka & Spruce...
I love all my ladies:)
want me 2 shout out for you?
I guess I will have to bring my DD-214 so I get out alive.
y'all are going to Westminster?
I'm envious of the fun you must have at your job! Fortunately, mine is pretty great, too. :)
i also predict an increase in "drink-to-face throwing," "violent side eye," going to "fight a bitch," and more bad behavior
SOO MY MAN IS SHUTTING DOWN SANTOS ON THE 23RD WHOSE COMING OUT TO SEE THE BEST UNSIGNED ARTIST IN NYC HANDS DOWN!??
Watching The Devil Inside 😁👍👌
“: cmon over big ej” wish I could man working until 3. I'm down on a weekend tho
you're such a tease!
O Coffee, precious black liquid, to which I am addicted, you help me face my kindred, keep me focused and committed, even as I sip it
the only thing that worries me is the credit check. I feel like I'm buying a car. I'm fine on my background.
My grandma looked adorable waiting for us outside with her umbrella.
Tomorrow will be better!
's performance on Ellen was amazing! Great job!:)
Fatherhood has made you wise.
i know. Lol gosh i never knew i would miss pigeon forge so much
See videos of our adult fitness class on Facebook!
Just heard a 6th grader call his friend a chode fuck. Wtf is wrong with children these days?
That's exactly what I use it for. Did you get any good responses for the high schoolers?
shit was crazy, lmao after it was all done I was CRACKING THE FUCK UP!
Just when I thought LA was for the skinny people....I've got a print ad audition for tomorrow. You can never judge this town. Ever.
Fucked that final up. On my momma.
I just need someone to cover my shift today:(!!
Happy Sunday! Enjoy the blessings of this lovely day!
I'll be there. Look forward to meeting you. Love all the allusions to old favorite books (Edward Eager, etc.) in
working it off now but worth it!
BBQ Chicken w/ noodles, veggies & salad, #YUM!
It's true! We have some pretty awesome ones. RT : LOL they all work at
I dig leaving work with a shred of daylight left. Glad this dark winter is starting to lift.
good place for pics, autographs & its in the shade. My wife & I have sat here the past few years.
I was praying that you and me might end up together <3
What a great venue. Great sound, lights & still very intimate. Was impressed.
#fanquestion what is their favorite song right now?
I love boys come home with my brothers.. My brothers got some hot frannnnsss.
lol I love it!! :) Well she got her revenge by beating me at darts
Yes, because ALL of us are evil...seriously. RT : Introduce me to anyone decent I'll find evil in em
Jordan is so much better than Kobe. WAY better shooter, more MVP's, more rings, better FT %. Jordan> Kobe
thanks for the recs! i ended up at Ramen California, and m, the pork on the tonkotsu was DElish!
I'm tired
Great quote and so true!
Keep it up, Clean Lungs! I think you're rad & I know you can do it!
JUST IN..Packers go out of business and forced to give the rights of Lambo Leap to the Hawks for the Shaw Shimme.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Mark Twain
Sign me UP!
All oil produced will be sold in global market, midwest gas prices will go up 5-10 cents per gal and jobs are temp.
I'm saying "ah" to _______________ today.
BeachConnection.net says very little lodging on the Oregon coast this 4th of July. A says road and air traffic both strong.
not sure on the specifics. You should definitely ask around and research it though before you do the court thing.
where are you ? With ?
Tell me more about the link promo - def possible. It does mean I'm going to have to change a lot of profiles & email signatures!
Alright my 2,002nd tweet goes out to
The more you have to explain something, the less it's worth explaining.
I guess me being the "nice guy" I get looked ova.. #goodguyfinshedlast again!! Smh..
Couldn't let go, it stayed on my mind At the end of the night I had to decide, I was thinkin'...
These are all good options. And they Sox fans aren't willing to provide constructive ideas. Is that what they say?
god i can't breathe what is this.
Np: Take Care Rihanna Ft Drake
on my way to teen hoot (:
Google Penguin Update: Don't Forget About Duplicate Content - WebProNews
Domino's pizza stay trying to hem a brother up with the e-mail deals, but unless is here, its a no go.
Rolled out of bed, got ready in 10, now im at stockhouse
hahaha, you should! Did you find out anything about catering?
Yeah :/ I'm sorry! But I'm sure they'll figure it out. Your the bigger person for staying out of it :)
I blame media that talks about underwear 24/7 but let the death panels hang out there like truth.
Thanks bro. Enjoy the race. I'm not a fan but I've always wanted to go to a NASCAR race. I bet those fans can drink!
lol you got it Mark GEESH LOUISE!!!
They ARE! I have THREE slap band watches. I wear them all the time!
true! Just luv what Joss has done for the heroine! Wait till ya see what he has done w/ black Widow!
Anyone know of any cool marketing or entrepreneurship events going on this week?
lol! wrangling goats is never awkward...
George Glass
Hope you had a great show!
um anyways lol
Sometimes, after finding the truth, you realize that the lie was easier to live with.
We BMF'n all over this town, Big Meech () -Larry Hoover
Presenting on April 6 in Palo Alto:
So this Tintin movie . . . why couldn't this have been live-action instead of creepy photorealistic CG animation?
do you want to hang out?
Check out this cance to win some free stuff:)
we're you at the Sono Regent 8 downtown? We love that theater.
's customer support is terrible. One more example of awful outsourcing to India.
always, babe.
what did you do today?(:
Afternoon sun+adult beverages=naps. Sunshine equation.
I wouldn't say KL's a waste, just too much development there is targeted towards foreigners. Real estate as no. 1 export.
If you find it please return to the media center. Girl trying to get educated and can't go to class w/out ID.
FAMILY MATTERS!!!!!!!! :))) I haven't seen this show in forever. I love it :)
Soo encouraged today!! Even on my worst day and being stressed I still find joy in it all...that's truly being blessed!
Remy () is talking about #failfaire. You all know about this, , ?
but I just don't know how to love him
someone buy me believe tour backstage passes ! NOW .
ATTN Writers: Would you be interested in penning our bio/elevator pitch? If so, shoot us a DM. Thanks!
Austin Mahone, you're my one &' only boy .... now just why cant I be your one &' only girl ? <3
What day in Feb are we finding out?
New Girl, I love you but that scene was utterly ridiculous.
That's how you get my vote....or not
RT : It’s time for #Motorama LIVE, brought to you by – Editor in Chief and your #Motorama LIVE Host
Hope ct and diem win tonight!
It's almost Game of Thrones time on HBO!!
that's awesome! Can't wait! You super excited??
this is very dope. I'm gonna throw it up on our blog for sure. Good work!
pitbull is sexy... i love him.... yeah
It IS scary when you first start. It feels like a huge jump off the "typical" ship into an open sea. Been the best thing tho.
Mtg. If fast I'm in Jordan. If long I have a short break at 2
I'm curious about what makes PH intriguing for an academic historian? And also why the ugly stepsister status?
If some of the latest wx models pan out, the bulk of heavier snow may stay just south of much of immediate area.
And I'm not spam! ;)
are you???
jungle worms...so then he got infected and then he faked being sick after he got better because she was serving him so well
depends on the crowd. try to be
how was it?!
Determined to go to church this morn
This is a shout out to
this dude really offered to buy a rose smh
I'm so effin' excited and happy I don't know what to do with myself!!!! #AH England? Or Mexico? Hm?
It takes a village... and then some.
where u at ?
thank you for following Welleducator.org!
Ha, my family calls me Mel (though the hubby doesn't like it) Indirectly related to Gen Thadeus Kosciuszko. He had no kids.
Why do guys promise big things and just never follow through? And then! Ask why we "just don't believe you" cause "you've never lied"
good morning tweeties :)
Can you message me your personal email? I'm trying to send stuff to your AU account, but it's not working.
Still in shock from #madmen Should I go to sleep or watch it again?
WOW! i'm surprised ALONA talked to us wow......... :D my co-owner will freak
When my teacher catches me on Twitter. She laughs at me....
won, i'm going to bed happy. I'll save my rant about Lou Williams until the morning
“: I hate it when I meow at cats and they don't meow back. Unbelievably rude.” lol
I'm looking forward to the rant RT : This wedding is off the hinges.. And I'm shit faced...1st drunk tweet ever
: yay! You're my 100 follower:D
Well, I'm not going to pay full price to find out. :p
follow me ;$
Give it to here in the worst way, Can't wait to blow her candles out 😚💨
Liked it? Loved it. It was... amazing. How bout that fucking #Pun. Heh yeah, i guess i did huh. Rad.
I stuck w/ it for a while & I'm sad I didn't keep it up (this was pre-smartphone times for me; now there's no excuse). go for it!
Create Club is back today! 3-5pm w/author Susan Lowell reading her books, then make bookmarks for Rio Nuevo bookmark contest!
#ff Old school venues to meet friends
Good morning! Coffee was brewing when I made my way downstairs this morning. That's a great way to start the day!
MRI on my head in an hour.
drink somethin for me when they do lose!
Not at this season of Music Under Glass anymore, but we will at our Summer's Best Series. Stay tuned!
Just ate a tempeh reuben at Stella's with It's a really nice place for a relaxing lunch and so many veg options!
Too early to be up on a Saturday
"What we do for ourselves dies with us. What we do for others and the world remains and is immortal.” ~Albert Pine
Thanks for the shout out. Should be fun!
Sorry! They're all gone.
Its a beautiful day...u are so.not on my level... Im laughn at you....rolling....
Fuel's right around the corner, doll. #FreshAirIsGoodForYou. :-) (if i were home, i'd deliver for you)
Rent a movie and avoid the crowds!
Lol stop bitching!
not here yet
She just told me to stop going out with guys every girl wants. Really? How tf would I even know? I go out with whoever I want!
That's what I thought when I first visited.California isn't only a place,it's a state of mind. For me it's a love affair.
Chekhov's gun = elevator.
Any parent receiving child support should be fully accountable for the expenditure of those funds, with documentation and review.
The Rockefeller Center tree lighting is tonight. Nothing beats Christmas in New York City! tis the season.
it's only good for shoes & men clothes
indeed I did like your sense of humor!
An estimated 1 out of
If Vinny can't return on the ABDC stage in his original position then no one should be used as an alternative in his place.
My Little Porny!!!
A person can't really truly fail unless they give up
you in Chicago? Or you fucking with me.. lol
“: WMYB ON IN THE CAR THIS IS MY KINDA PARTY” dr0p it lyke itz hawt.
Good luck on your finals!
I so cannot be trusted around guacamole. is it wrong to have guacamole before noon?
tapey and tickles have friends. woo!
Can this nightmare be over already?
I love Wikipedia. Or was Ben Franklin really known as "Wolverine Man"?
Please, let's have an easier day on the schedule today, shall we?
Drunk guy walked up to me and asked "how far away is it?" "How far away is what?" "Um... The moon coming up." "Oh. I think another 20 mins."
Just set my Velveeta on fire
Really excited for tonight:)))
It was great to have Vandy ! Sorry about the finish, but we hope you had safe travels & enjoyed your visit ^R.S.
On a twitter roll! Somebody random tell me what you think of us...good or bad. Would you buy our next CD?
this is true. Would you like to go down to the vacant apartment s later and procure illicit materiel?
Sad people who lack confidence are happy to spend lots of money to make themselves feel more beautiful or worthy.
Misclassification - DOL and IRS feel they are losing money for workers' comp., taxes, and unemployment. Let us help you out!
we gotta link up
is safe so happy im throwing up! Good choice america
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy♥ please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp ♥ 3
smooches Big B dawg!
#Fox Shout-out! RT : RT : More #Glee action with a bit of Adele
Who has instagram?(:
Unless you're looking in my windows, it's doppelgänger season.
Omg I love today. I love the end of the semester. I love summer.
Glad to see A-Rod back in the lineup tonight and Happy Birthday wishes to one of the greatest #Yankees of all-time, Don Mattingly!
You suck.
kisses back!!!
#NoorKhan d/o Indian Sufi dad +American mom, dist relative of #MaryBakerEddy founder Church Christ Scientist & #TipuSultan freedomfighter
We won't let you down! Bring your appetite!!!
Jon Kyl blocks START treaty. I guess fucking up domestic policy was too small a stage for Republicans
i love chicago. i love it so much i'm going to civilly unite with it! take that you traitor!
I'm sorry but no one puts baby in a corner and no one beats an peach! , thanks again!
I am so proud of my wife She started her journey to complete her education as an Advanced Practice Registered Nurse (APRN)!!!
#UW is blessed to have you as a Dawg! “: Blessed to be on football scholarship and attend the prestigious University of Wash
Glad we went. Its awesome that you & are fun AND professional; those are 2 qualities rarely paired in folks so young
Reports are that he shot himself in the chest; don't be surprised if he's donating his brain to concussion research like Dave Duerson.
Got the part in a small film plus I was asked to be part of a web series!!!!! Yay!
Boy:"Daddy,where did I come from?" Dad:"Well,you came from your mommy,Pal" Boy:"Where'd Mommy come from?" Dad:"FROM THE DEPTHS HADES!"
and to you too, sweetheart. Thinking of you this weekend. Holding the space for you...:-)
you know I'm teasing. Merry Christmas Luke!
test message
eh I wouldnt want KMart, if we draft beal then we should be set at SG
#weedcommandments Thou shalt not eat edibles and expect to be fine in 1 hour.
Michelle Bachmann is no longer running for President.
"New bar on H Street to open inside bathroom of new bar on H Street..."
i cant believe what had happened yesterday
Exciting discovery: plays accordion and uke. and we need to have a piano-uke-accordion session soon.
lucky! I'm still stuck at MSY. Delay, delay, canceled, reinstated... long day! With 2nd bored kids!
You should not deny others of your art and your talent due to the materialism that drives so many.
yeah I'm on. & I can't either.:/ I never can.
I totally danced off those chicken sandwiches I ate earlier
Football Manger is so addictive. I love it.
don't hurt nobody at that party. ;)
Dear bank lady, please don't tell me I am difficult because I am asking a lot of questions...
Thanks for the Follow
RT : Mashed Potatoes is sweet!
Thank you for meeting with us. We appreciate your help! Have a great weekend...
Hasn't been on Twitter in a minute. What'd I miss?
Thirteen Minutes <3
The beauty you see in Life, is but a reflection from within.
Point of Origin: Poulsbo A.L.F. Destination: Sequim A.L.F. Prognosis: Favorable
I see a survey crew on GA Hwy 264 Bethany Church Rd. Maybe sidewalks to Hwy 78? Thank you Gwinnett Co.!
That's so cool! Hopefully he likes the ending!
OMG! Just found a HUGE ass Beetle thing on my skirt! Mustve picked it up from outside n brought it home! Thankg my angels for letting ...
omg i just realized who u were ! R u still teaching at champion ? :)
Headed to Miller Park this a.m. to cover Cardinals-Brewers opening weekend series. If anyone gets check out the pre-game show.
Hahaha my dad just flipped cuz some guy was staring at my moms b000bz
put your glass in your pool b/c he hates Cleveland. Never has any lady luck here...or there
"Where..." so evocative of the ideal realm.
On the way to Vegas . Here comes trouble
Happy Monday Australia! It's coffee time :)
Impress yourself today
haha that night was pretty great :) I had all kinds of fun
In-laws en route.
You guys really rock:-) thx for making my Bday so enjoyable over 400 Bday posts! WOW much love and thank you all.
"They may have delusions, paranoia and a depressed emotional state." I had an editor like that once.
#KatieOnGMA how could anyone possibly give U advice??? Its like riding a bike...fyi..your co-host is GEORGE..not Matt! LOL
In this week's installment of "Joy Sticks," columnist Matt Overstreet talks about video games as a form of storytelling....
Tomorrow i have sound check at 11:30am for my performance at The gypsy fest at 3PM, Then i perform again baba budans later that night. :-)
Welcome to my Page
Thank you for RT!
Happy Birthday To Me -__-
"I truly like 'em and respect 'em" Rick Perry gives a genuine shoutout to campaign reporters at GridIron dinner.
dead-on accurate. owes him a big apology - not 4 the leak, but the "guilty" rants of their "heads" following
Mr. Rogers would have been better than Rodgers
Thanks for the follow Your Neighborhood Plumber for NYC... No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
u commin to my show the 19th??
Loving the excitement from the Air Show, but the noise from the #jets is scaring the #cats!
Me, too. 20 years since diagnosed. People like you help a lot.
Especially for a girl who's not a beauty product junky I refuse to peruse for hrs. on end lol (though I luv Sephora) lol
“: Stealing this: Pulaski SW uniforms look like Florida's, but fans do Florida State tomahawk chant #confused?” Warriors maybe?
Oh you already know what's up big dogg...Series ain't over what so ever ya know ;)
It's being taught by VC from MentorTech. Great guy with a lot of knowledge.
Fans must be golfing today RT : Fenway looks real empty today. Especially for a Beckett start. It must be their off-day.
Need Guys, one in dog costume, one to be his friend, average looking, to do events on May 28th in NY, DET, ATL and MPLS.
Excited for the long awaited return of
sadly yes
I cut it up cooked it up way it should be": so i walked down the block and copped anotha kii from the big homey"
Jus kam from party city. The gurls r fairyz. Dullie is the hulk. N im a dark fairy. We r soo fabulous!
When asked the question about how I feel when I am appreciated at work...it really did make gift giving a "no brainer."
#Cali has the MOST bipolar weather
Guarantee SOMEBODY is gonna see that pic & hop on the comments like "Aye lil mama.. I wanna swim wit you doee!" Lol!
just followed. Now follow me biotch.
I"ll make up something official sounding to send you.
Have your students vocalize in formal settings - much needed so they can converse professionally at some point in time.
waiting for my dad. ~
I'm going tonight! RT : Has anyone gone to the #delmarfair?
m really
This morning's piece brought tears to my eyes. As usual.
That's amazing, but out of my price range. Thank you, though.
Me too. ;) #140MTL RT : gonna be on ustream at around 4ish tomorrow. Waiting for link.
OHH MY GOSH
As someone who writes from amazingly fast-arriving texts, I'm in awe of all reporters who can do that.
Where is the pressure on these QBs? Driving me nuts.
#replace1Dsongswithfreedom Freedom Makes You Beautiful
Coaches from Bradley and Dayton extended scholarship offers to Berlin's Toby Hegner this week.
Verizon iPhone Pre-Orders, News Corp. Introduces The Daily
Happy 4th everyone! Celebrate your independance, make it an awesome day in every way. Oh yeah and some fireworks too
not very
what would you use FTP for? You just push to production using SVN or GIT
Healthy masculinity is about respect, love and caring.
Can the Hawks get rid of Mike Kitchen next?
Need bridal hair inspiration!? Just take a look at the red carpet!!
"So sad:(: Killed in today's school bus crash: Bus driver Thomas Spencer II, 60; student Donasty Smith, 5, Indianapolis"
Yes :) , kussh is the flavor # cherry pie is my favorite !
tell me about it. Try driving 90mph... Semi-hallucinating...rofl!
OK cool. Thanks for your help!
Who runs out of gas on the way to they show, I'm in this bitch though, Haan...
Thanks for the #FF !
#HowToMakeItInAmerica Sell Coke, Yola, Butter, Piff, Sniff, Hash & Of Course Rob People
Dont care what anyone says Scott Disick's Pink Suit is off da CHAIN! I would definitely rock that look! Scott lets start a mens line!?
I hope the loading times don't suck in LittleBigPlanet Karting, like they did in ModNation Racers.
i second that #cap'ncrunch time!!!!
why are you tryin to look so hard in your pic?? Mean muggin!
I'm one with the chaos. Any suggestions on how to settle it into productivity. I'm open. Anyone?
they took let me in off :( i love that movie. :(
Checking out the Panels....er... panel.
haha my b. I guess you'll always be mag_guy to me. But it stresses me out. I search my comp for elicit pics that don't exist.
Thanks James. Goodlooks
Get the party started right this holiday season! *Book a Party Today!*
i pulled my abdomen muscle thats on my bone..
100 kids vying for county's top speller at SD Hall of Champions this morning. First speller knocked out by "condor."
Less where it sits, more that it's incorporated into the #branding #marketing & #communication strategy.
Found a nice temp desk at the SDL corporate offices in Maidenhead. Excited to faces to all the names throughout the week.
so excited to be heading to moscow, siberia, mongolia and china and all on a luxury train. fun!
when you coming to the states babe!?!
Phillies will win the world series Go Phillies
David Drozen told me to tell you Hello. So now I can check that off the list!
Related: between the run & job offer, excuse me if I refer to anything I say, eat, drink or do for the rest of today as "Celebratory _____"
-qot an interview 2man; wish me luck twitter ;(
Thanks,we are,no kidding!
You know what $22 would do right now? It would put us at $1,200. Can we do it??? Only one more hour to go to #roctheday!
when you don't see my tweets.
He also brought the 67 (not showing well) and the 98 which had fantastic aromatics, but a very tight palate.
my brother's 20 & he still gets an Easter basket lmao
Right, let's bulldoze Downer Woods for football and basketball arenas they don't need.
just a hangover. Don't worry 2nd half they should roll.
Knocked out for like 2 hours.
me?! You. Easily.
Dirty niggas stay in the bathroom doing everything but washing up!
Soon!! RT : Can't wait to hear new stuff by you guys! <3
Dog Fashions and Saddlepacks
I'd love to - but with clients all those days in NJ; But do go visit Rockefeller XMas Tree- was there when it was lit
I start my paper. My professor emails back 4 days later. I did my paper wrong. DIE.
Just watched a throw back film Girl 6.....
Sounds perfect, enjoy! Yea it's always busy around here :) Just crossing our fingers for some more spring sunshine.
Later gator!
such a gorgeous song!
RT : Judge Feinstein: after cuts, only three (out of 15) civil depts will remain open. //Justice delayed = denied.
Right on, thanks for getting in touch and for the shoutout! Glad you guys remain in contact.
RT : More history that honors the truth about our past, present, & future will save us.
Things Go Wrong | Michelle Gilders&#39; Photography
My 15 year old cousin in having a party tonight and I'm not even invited.
ha! i have never been to Boulder, but believe you are right on.
<whine> I'm so tiiiiirred. Why can't I sleep? </whine>😢
RT : A4: I read preservation things all the time, but I'd like more time to read most of my non-fiction list
Of cours, they should. It's a question of character.
I am a beliber
RT : "Inspiring kids to become creators" -- the goal of 's teaching.
Man, I can't believe it's been exactly a year since I met He made me believe dreams come true. Camping out in the city (c)
We will have a rockin' chair waiting for ya! Shine responsibly!
Funny to me how the same ppl that hate on u, 9 out of 10 of them can't wait to find a way to get in your shoes or hang out with u in the end
the box was the best hahahhaha. i still need someone to work thursday for me :/ ugh
#HowToKeepMeHappy don't bitch about my friends.
well I was watching She's the Man.... but not anymore I just woke up like half an hour ago soo... yeahh
Need to get it into single digits by half. Let's get a run going guys.
I think a news article in paper has better chance of holding my attention than a tv story
#ScharCares twitter party has started! During the party please use the hashtag when responding. So excited to tweet with you all!
I won't be happy until all the memories are erased from my mind.
I have one.
I wish i lived closer to my cousins they are so funny.!
Tell me? how do New Yorkers get away with adding brokers fee to rental property without being a broker......
Relatively better scholars often seem to resent the relatively better self-promoters.
It seems Green Bay and Pittsburg brought their weather to Dallas!
#RIP Davy Jones
that was such a beautiful performance! " I just want you to know who I am"
Shout out to my #Msmeca12 social networking session
obviously not since you weren't there...
Thanks for sharing the work we do!
well then go eat something.. lol you know you like to eat
There's just something about coming home to your moms house that makes it impossible to have a bad day
Ha your so funny and kind chris hope you have a nice year and can you please follow me when you get a chance please
no one here is bad! :) go watch a movie or something!
I can't stay up. English tomorrow it is, then.
Casino keep calling my name
twitter makes me feel old. well, twitter and the fact that I am old
thanks for the follow :)
Learning how to enjoy the #Journey is as important as working hard to get to the destination.
Enjoying your Tiki bar right now - perfect end to the week!
The Rockets gave up 51% shooting to GS in that 1st qtr.
Bout 2 get home earlier than usual.. #extra nap time bitches!! ✌
Did that really just happen though?
and sets off the quilt nicely too...aesthetics in repose
i'll do warrior dash with you but that's only because i have a death wish...
Groupon accounting problems put spotlight on board - Chicago Tribune Groupon's rapid growth also made it difficult to keep tabs on intern
Unfortunately, kind of a limiting as the best tools we have to figure out the brain come from....well, the brain. :-)
ScanMan is a #free #app! With a launch special for the Pro Version for only $0.99!
holy moly, + were both so great tonight. you are in for a treat, world.
sorry that you're too good for chuck! sheesh (haha)
If only the world could hear some of the inspiring stories that pass through this office :)
Nothing compares the greatness unknown
William Shatner laughing all the way to the bank!
ah is getting to old for me 2 marry him!! lmfao #Dreaming xD
Were here to have fun. Literally, if you do nothing on life,you will regret it. Dont you want stories to tell your children?!
when u hav a moment that you think should have background music an you wait to see if it'll happen...
Stop asking!
just tweet what your thinking. Its just a changing status. Lol use hashtag to #tag stuff and to tag ppl. That's it :-)
I forgot how to navigate this shit yo..., lol
Hi Derek! I'm still running From the Floors Up. Let's chat!
congratulations on the move!
Not really, I try not to think of that side of it, I'm more on the medical side, morticians have to deal with families.
Ditto!! Bless up Jane and everyone!
If you haven't heard 's version of "You Da One" then you need to hear it. Major props to my boy for this one!!
All my #LADIES follow he
I'm not much of a wine connoisseur, but a good organic I've had lately is called 'Our Daily Red'. You can get it at Giant.
Jon Will’s gift
Yes, and the rest of us are full of envy. :)
Very nice!
Thank yo for following West Central Park Dentistry
Who watched The Walking Dead last night on AMC? Thoughts?
12yr old Alexandria Bain & her 8yr old sister were found and are safe! Grateful 4 the ppl who searched/sad about the news that await them
I know the feeling!
I was actually thinking the same about yours!!
not at all. 130am texts = no good
I'm not a brilliant web developer, Spotify. STOP RUBBING IT IN MY FACE.
I would like to invite you to an event. What's the best way to reach you?
one place I can see myself in the future=
seems legit. Haha
so disappointed by your attempt to derail #VAWA Shameful.
Uh YES! We just need someone to get us on base :) I'm sure we can find a nice gentleman to escort us!
I don't know that is jus when it starts :)
That fish is delish!
Time for some weightlifting and then going to pig out!!! Check the new tunes!
RT Grace? Grace... GRACE!!!
Hey I wanted to thank you beautiful ladies for the follow as it blew me away
I don't try to say the shxt you wanna hear, just the things that make sense.
I happen to be in NC right now. I may have to check that out.
I just watched a bit about one of the smallest countries how most of it's population is overweight and has diabetes. OMG! I'm scared!!!
Craving a javachipfrap  #happyhour at starbucks.
Trivia Tuesday! What was the first Arnold Schwarzenegger movie to win four Academy Awards?
We leave for #NBMBAA tomorrow! Looking forward to meeting everyone. Stop by the Dell booth to say hello.
May is national bike month! Get a heads start by joining us for on April 15 from 10am-3pm.
You have to watch now! :)
i was thinking red if it is a color... gold with the white lines might be a little much. honestly don't believe the color part
it doesnt have any flavor :( sadly i didnt get any dorito flavor outta of it
Now to the emergency room :'(
It wasn't until AFTER I drank a glass of OJ that I realized it expired over a week ago...should I be worried???
Why are the receivers so close together?
aiin't that about a bitch.
I Would Go Talk To Someone About My Anger, But It Would Only Upset Me....
she better answer the phone 2ma so she can get dis money
Understand how b-to-b social media connect to your audience
doh, I been neglecting our library twitter acct this week: luckily I got awesome colleagues who are on it! can't stop the signal...
Find me on scramble: vinnyhalfcut
Listening to #turntoyou in class
Florida (Reuters) - Florida begin testing welfare recipients for illicit drugs under new law signed by Governor Scott Tuesday
The Hunger Games comes out soon!!
Bout to go out
Don't be a Bridezilla! Bridesmaids deserve some pampering too. Call to book for Spa Week to show your appreciation.
Congrats about your son Charles. Very impressive. You must be so proud. It stinks that college costs so much these days.
lets go on a walk!
Celebrate 40 years since the Summer of '69 with $69.00 rate for a Fri/Sat/Sun (advance reservation and payment required) www.marriottclt.com
HEY how about that NEW twitter profile you got there? Looking good, German! ;)
Hope everyone has a good day.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou i think im in love with 😘
PP no good live? Or other reasons?
Good Evening Mr Mabe how the heck are ya!
Katy Perry is my shit
Heading to Miami flordia. Today is a great day.
I'm confused about all these people talking about Mac Miller.... I thought you needed a buck id?
I am enjoying reading tweets about the #oscars so much more than watching the show. Media multitasking.
Aaron.do you think CJ wilson was way off when he said pitching was all academic for him with no emotion. it cant be
im not giving him any excuses. i'm just saying don't shit on him and nobody else
excited about yoga pants breakfast w/ ...
i try to keep it cool up in here :x
Nathan, thanks for the follow/s!
Loving NBA Sunday. Let's go Celtics! I'm in full support of
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation. Charles Kettering
Those are being rolled out in phases. Next roll out is late spring. Eventually entire city will have trash/recycle carts
should i ??? lol i will be scraming and wanna skype?
Great couple of days of auditioning. Almost there...
I'm assuming is supposed to be funny.
Incredible! RT : Did you know that a wheat stalk contains 50X more #gluten today than 50yrs ago?
Jets getting outplayed/outcoached/out-Brady'd www.thesportsland.com
I think someone just did
This headache can go away any time now...
love how ya body feels..why must we do this..
I noticed and I appreciate it.
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow life would be perfect.💋
shame soundtrack in starbucks
People who exercise have higher levels of the "good" cholesterol (HDL) and lower levels of the "bad" cholesterol (LDL).
Artisanal brooklyn flavors in Marisa Wu's saltwater taffy flavors (Bergamot, peppermint, vanilla, hisiscus, black cherry), so yum
Heading to for Happy Hour today! 3-7PM, come join!
Love following all the #NHPC12 updates - what did you learn?
Tip of the day: if you want to change the world then alls you got to do is make some world changes.
Nice, mine has cracks along the wristpad as well, very common with the plastic Macbooks
will the knicks get a playoff win tn?
Ok maybe im not kicking this days ass. I hate hospitals!!!
We're on early this morning. 7am start due to NBC sports later. Join us!
nope. None of my emails have been hacked lol
Between scenes so I'm about to pass out while the crew sets up:( z
Watching footloose.(:
Napalm Beach performs at Oregon Historical Society Sunday 2/19, show at 6:30, NB plays 7:30. All Ages PDX-POP benefit. $10 includes comp CD.
The mission of Teens Coaching Teens is to help the shape the future leaders of today into massively productive successors of tomorrow!
U r crazy! No way to stop dialysis
Hi :) thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti much love, you're very pretty!!
I'm just all atwitter
Wow, I'm really craving a tortilla pizza from , how about you?
Just lost a follower. Poor bitch missed out.
oh, do tell. Heard Billy Corgan was out on the town tonight as well.
yeah. What's upyall still playing
POLAND LOVES KIDRAUHL :) :)
Pretty Good :)
the pic on the left is big pimpin
What did you say? That you plan to EARN an A? Excellent! MT : s/o to my fav prof Dr. ; going to give me an A tomorrow!
Don't show those particular ad wizards the NCAA's "dumb jocks" ad. The world might very well implode.
Facebook special Today only 49 cent wings
Because you're thirsty, because its Thursday, drinks are on me. The return of Thirsty Thursdays: Mezcal edition ttp://tinyurl.com/33rbun5
have fruit with it.
great! focusing on both haha. about two more months and I'm done with my 16th film : D
"sexy and I know it"........more like your ugly and you show it.
I prefer pants. Skirts either constrict, catch on saddle, or billow.
Good thx! What's up with Soul Kisses? When can we expect some new episodes?
Thanks for the new ipad? Huh?
beautiful day in NYC!
We love doing freakin podcasts cause there's no darn censoring and we can say whatever the heck we want! Shoot yeah!
Why does this link to an article on ebook price fixing?
Hahaha! Best. Thing. Ever.
What is a man who is handsome, intelligent and sensible, known as?... A rumor! -
Finally the sun is shining... Welcome back summer! =)
Making Beautiful Maps tech workshop at #esriuc genuinely impressing me with ArcMap cartographic capabilities. Gotta start my course.
kay i can finally go to sleep, goodnight :p pssshh w.e you need me!! lol
4 month old baby dies after an injury that happened at day care. The facility is being investigated & autopsy is tomorrow:...
The Mil
Q1 for me it's individual departments and our small recruitment operation. Faculty/depts don't usually come on the road w is
Rooting for Eli Manning & the Giants this Superbowl. What say you?
That's showin' 'em! (Ditto to Romney-ites.) If we had more people like that, we'd have less people like that.
: It's release in college. I don't know of different rules for outside 3 line.
Lost in the ship by 13. Great run. The Rock next week.
Ending our crazy night at Denny's.
Great! Happy to be working a lot! How about you, SS? :)
Last meal I ate before I left ROC for ATL?... Dinosaur BBQ! YUM!
Thanks Jessica! Love your profile picture. Happy Friday :D
