The least of my worries
That is good 4 u I gotta wait a couple more weeks 2 get a few days off. R u doing a staycation 4 this summer break?
“: Can we give his 100th Follower? xD” Done! : )
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont BIEBER, GAGA, DRUGS, RELATIONSHIPS, NAME BRANDS I CANT AFFORD........
Good Morning "Angelic Voice"
"when yu coming down here "
I want to see them blow that hideous thing up
ESPN hasn't been good to hockey for years. ESPN can suck it IMO.
Talk about being greedy, #Xen is sure looking good to me over VMware I just can't afford it.
Gizmodo: It's always best not to put too much stock in the old familiar "supply chain sources," but 9to5Mac knows a guy w
hey haven'd heard from you in a minute, what you up to?
Think there's a bacon-chocolate wine out there? Fingers crossed.
the British Library on my Ipad? I'm in
Yes! Which color combo do you want? Red on white, white on red, or powder blue?
Just saw the previw to hunger games it actually looks good and some ppl say that the book is boring
I'll keep that in mind when I decide to put my hockey mullet in cornrows once the season is over.
These will be the years
Why would Chicago take off Grazzini? Injury or content with 1-1 tie? Has to be one of them. You don't take him off to try to win.
FLYING BACK to Los Angeles today after visiting family. It's back to auditioning and studying year round in L.A.
CC Sabathia and Yankees agree to contract extension
#RVA, if you're interested in working on next year's #BlackLove Fest, please email us at blacklovefest[at]gmail.com
You couldn't find my score... but I did? Tf. Now I gotta drive all the way back there! Ugh
played amazing game bball we won 37 to 15 :P
I'll take that one. The mansion on the Ocean. Throw in the topless models and we have a deal!
I may have just come up with something really sharp for this rewrite. Or else really stupid. Trying it out on some folks.
maybe theyre just really hungry?
A ton of UL fans are currently tweeting Jalen Lindsey. I bet Mark Ennis won't say a word to any of them. Bias
Rocking my KState shirt in ATL tonight...gotta keep my Wildcat pride!
sorry *throws taco out window*
Style Tip: If your extensions are glued in, don’t use hot irons near where they are glued in. It will melt the glue & may damage your hair!
bitch, I served you that pie!!!
you're so cute! Love you! Is seeing anyone? He is Super cute! ;)
launched h2ofriendly UK today. Get pumped
"Do you like brown rice and vegetables?"
I said to my right. In the bleachers.
Always a bit surprised (and disappointed?) how few Linux users there are at these DH affairs
Calm down on the foundation girl.
Right what girls lol
Has any councilmember supporting measure attempted passing contracts online thru council?
Nice grab, !
New Income Opportunity. beautysnatural.amanation.com. Get in on the ground floor.
Fri night reading
Call It: Texas Hold 'Em or 5 Card Stud?
This is like the most laziest bday I ever had and Im happy about that this year not gonna be as big as my other bday I had before
Thanks for the follow!
"Good Monday" to all our followers! I hope you are all well!
just stopping by your twitter feed to say hi. Have a blessed day.
Haha nice. Yeah it was just one ensemble bow with the band interspersed. I was next to Adult Female near the center!
That was a flop... Man up Harden!!!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Neil Owens ⁰Rising 6th ⁰Pasadena, CA ⁰Travel Team: SGV Blue ⁰Point Guard 5’1
Think the whole clippers team should be
On the contrary, I am skipping very UNwelcome screens when I sign onto Seriously, guys. #WTF? #epic #ux #fail, and a
I think there's not an oenophile alive that wasn't sweating that one. Makes me happy!
but but but but theres so many options lol " I got options ahhhoooo" *serves hips ;)
I think just hates anyone Southern w Talent! The FiddleHeads were awesome tonight! Love that group & I KNOW they have talent!
Q4. Match the instructional methods to learner's knowledge. Provide stepwise instructions just for novices.
Maybe youre just not good enough to give it to. Stop calling women bitches RT : Bitches rather twatch then give da pussy up
Calling it a night!
I agree Jess! I need one to!
It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. I enjoyed it well enough.
What happened to your Celtics?
RT : Don't think so hard -- and edit so much -- when blogging. After all a blog is a journal :)
about to take my ass home ..
Train is old
Something is wrong when you are eating ricotta cheese out of the tub like a wombat
Thanks for following me!
The best 30 for 30 ever
I said that why did u put that on
you made me jealous. I want my braces off too. :/
Youngblood just starting on Versus... wife says, "no boobies!" I say the whole movie is as good as boobies...
it's law of the land, not "my idea". I wk w all kinds of ppl blk, wht &other, ppl need $$ bak frm #federal gov.
pull over and call me or your father.
Are you in SF for Where? I'm heading out tonight & staying thru Wed. Maybe you can sneak me into CfA office?
you might try letting your production speak for itself. Actions speak louder than Tweets.
If you get on cam I'll watch you.
name it "The Kettering"
Went to the beach to see Boo Boo.. Now eating at Islands:)
you got it. Thanks for caring for our safety. And thanks for coming yesterday.
Theres so many parties I'm doing this month!!!
Watching Oprah's Lifeclass on OWN with my best girl. So meaningful especially on the eve of Thanksgiving/so much to be thankful for.
Right back at ya! Thx!
hope so! Would be sweet!
“: How's Florida bro?” going good man, about that time to get the season rolling.
Finally saw The Announcement. Would've liked Q&A w Converse folks, other partners of Magic. Also: 90 minutes w/out noting Magic's net worth?
could use some coffee...weather here today is like Portland. rainy and grey.
I know where that is. I'll be there this week for sure.
To grandmother's house we go...
I can't see too many folks wanting to eat colorless Jello. :P
and embarrassing!
I officially want to declare my love for Gotye's State of the Art.
lol you know you'll find a way
Setting up new Toshiba thrive tablet and this thing is awesome I'm so happy!!!!
#dontactlikeyounever ate cereal wit water
same to you!
Take me away to where u are :)
Still not much action yet.
Simply amazing!
TRUTH is nothing more than a Light to expose what we don't what anyone else to Know or see.
#inthesummer I like to have random water ballon fights. 😚
We like the way you think! We'll see you soon! :)
You know you just gained at least 80 new fans by having that Brewcity Bruisers sticker on there!
Great day with some of the Gordon & Betty Moore Foundation's program officers talking comms strategy. How do you plan to make an impact?
Only 8 days of classes :)!
aw :) yea u always call at the right times
Come see Paratext at the upcoming ACRL conference in Philadelphia, PA, March 30-Apr 2. We’ll be at Booth
se is vulnerable to attack.' via Anas Alahmed of Indiana University
you are probably right. Looks like it's right up my alley!
What do you think of the G8 summit being moved to Camp David?
It sucks that the nfl ruined kickoffs...
In process of organizing free screening of The Visitor on Oct 2 in Minneapolis to highlight growing number of detentions and deportations.
please read my full profile on facebook myspace thank you
lol whatever. When do you get back?
End-of-Shift Bus Driver's Seat
TRAFFIC ALERT: The right lane of 1-39 SB at mile post 148 (near Stoughton) is closed due to a vehicle fire. Delays expected.
awesome! Thank you!
Yay! I actually got this one!!
We're now on #Google Plus! If you're on add us to your circle! Hope to see you there!
a cabbie shooting in North Minneapolis. Police have limited info-- but we'll give you what we know at 5am on
follow me!!!:D
yes!!! I can't believe them missing these field goals.
Some people freak me out.
I know ! haha, it's my plan. Totes duders!
DVR: Engage. RT : Hey I think live at the beacon (the thing I'm in telling jokes during) is airing on Fx in about 7 minutes.
Do u serve low to moderate income taxpayers? Join conference call next Tue on IRS Free File & EITC. Email for details.
This year has been the best year of my academic career.
Q3 via Robyn Boswell: What adventure/disaster have you had because you mis-interpreted someone?
Lovely round tonight at Indigo with and ...now drifting off to that thing called sleep
zomg! he's such an idiot!!
Thanks for the follow! ES is THE #arkansas #artists' town. Need to get to my home county soon!
Hey eVeybody Follow !
email we had a server crash
How fun! What are you making?
I don't wanna hear none of that they playin Yo boy so u can't be fans of them this series
bfjffjdkcnfjreoskx i'm jellin' right now. Ima use my moms phone...
Miguel is next in the ATX!!!
already miss. i need to know where the pretty ladies be lol
aww :) thanx lisa, I am too; Oakland gave me back my true self and the most amazing people like u
HAHA! though I found the ending wimpy RT : I really can't believe they killed off Dexter to end this season! WOW!
shouts out to my roomate follow
That's what I said, early 80s Martin Starr. Everyone knows he's had two glorious phases in time.
Wrapping up a very productive week and heading to LA for the weekend. Only bringing one project with me this time! ;-)
Thank you for the RT!
I hope we can talk soon, don't be afraid to tweet me when I'm in school okay? :) Love u so much :***
I love America
RIP to a great guy and great Coloradoan, Jerry McMorris. Awesome dude and proud to say that I knew him.
Love is like the wind you cant see it but you can feel it.
Goes with tonights episode (prev post)
We love you, Miss Hannigan!
Bad air scorching dry heat in the triple digits that doesnt let up...holy mother of jesus i might as well be in bakersfield.
Calling all Herbivores!Try our Village Green sandwich/salad.Wheat bread,avocado,tomato,carrots,cheddar cheese & Jungle Herd Spinach Pesto
Guess I'm a bit jaded on this one. I'm usually thinking you should almost never assume stuff is free. Def. don't like tricks tho.
finally show time today! So nervous... hope I do well! =) <3
i go to sleep early...i wake up early
Another gorgeous day on the Bay at One Union Recording Studios!
I have accepted a role(s) in David Mitchell Robinson's Olympic Village. To be put on by the Alliance Theatre Acting program Winter Players.
I'm at MJQ wit it!
Finishing a show at another RV park. So much fun, packed house! These people love to laugh!
Let's go Ravens!!!!!
may be you should get a bike. Or a real job.
Got a really cute pair of shoes today!! :) Can't wait to wear them tomorrow!!!
Lockwood Overture brass lever update - Infolink Architecture & Building
Thx for the review and the comments. Will pass them along. Hope you'll be able to try out our other hotels in DC sometime!
Bought our tickets more than a week ago! Can't wait.
Is J on Twitter? Can't find her....??
watching babe do the rest..i can't do anymore.
Don't try harder, do harder
Larry Bird & Magic Johnson on Letterman- completely entertaining! Not to mention the comedy of Dave is bringing it tonite.
Your pictures are awesome, and what a big crew you have!
Ex-wife of former Vandy chancellor supports medical marijuana bill
I feel like I'm cheating on Sporting by wearing my Cubs jacket. Oops?
this is like watching Serie A games 15 years ago in the US.
Nope, that was not my quote. Just 1 in response 2 my posting opposing sources u provided. Checking the respondent's reasoning
Today I celebrate three wonderful years of marriage with my lovely wife !
what?!? Why? Crazy cool.
Kennedy says in#civility sometimes furthers moral agenda eg brown and nat turner because reasonable people of good wlll may be mistaken.
is synced avatars the problem or unified spot for identity?
Rosey can cook, and andy can make the cocktails, and phil and i will enjoy!
No problem - can't wait to hear the record! RT S/O to I appreciate everything!!
We may go to jail for the rest of our lives tonight, but hey, we had sex...
#IGotNoRespectForYou , If Your Exteremly Ghetto & Illiterate . Come On Now.
RT : #Aquarius can be gentle and soft like a summer breeze and then turn violent and angry like a hurricane. >>>ROFLMAO! Help! :
6pm tonight: Grove tasting @ the 1618 Wine Lounge in Greensboro @ 1724 Battleground. Join us if you can.
One breath at a time. Hang in there.
ditto. So dissapointed
"You can't use RubyGems itself to install RubyGems. That would be like asking a baby to give birth to itself. Use yum to install RubyGems."
MT : favorite COM moment this year: being a part of the team/joining and winning a telly.
youu guys know u are tagging me in ur conversations( im not trying to be mean) js idk if u are aware <3
I can't focus at all anymore, one too many test this week.
Zoo. Ha yeah the bobby digital movie coming to a store near you ten years now.
Make that bawling with writing my acknowledgements.
mine are every single finger bc my hands are so small. But try them out, let me know how many states u get, & I'll consider 😉
Check Out Our Great New Festivals - We are in the selection process and there is great stuff coming your way!!
"I needed help, I needed hope. I needed you" Steven Ford to the #nonprofits in the room at
Listening to #badromance slightly dancing in my car... Nothing weird, right?
But maybe they're battling a space kraken!! That'd make it tought
I hope the free t-shirt didn't go to your 40,963th follower...
I'm also still looking for opinions from women on cross-dressing men for my next post. Please share at Thanks!
Grammar is the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you’re shit.
Oh, Roger. That hurt. Twice in one match.
Took pics with Dest who wants to see ?:)
I saw that Madness and James played. What is this? The 1980s?
Loll. damn. everybody is in there. what did youu do?
I was talking with James Druckman & Toby Bolsen before my career switch; it may be worth checking their recent work.
#Nike has been cool for decades though "everyone" wears its shoes (43% of category). #Apple has a similar allure.
. stopped in DC today, shared report. Curious 2 see results from studies applied 2 dance companies & organizations
#Humans and #cats have identical regions in the #brain responsible for emotion.
happy #nationalbartenderappreciationday a lot of bartenders will be appreciated tonight
You're welcome : To the woman walking the beach with booty shorts and high heels. Very strange but... thank you.
no it is not
yes but will fight thru! Lol
definitely! Lmfao we have the 🏈🏀⚽⚾🎾🎱 to go on scary rides 👊
Just posted an awesome internship to the site. If you're interested in it, apply!
thanks!! I am feeling a little better. Enough to go to my boyfriends soccer game hahah
hey Jenny... want some brownies?
#Followsaturday she keeps it real for other actors.
Do I shave again? The shaved look might be growing on me.
Absolutely loved Peter Nimble! Thinking about the Just Deserts still cracks me up.
All is well. Thank you. Hope you are all great. Keep up the excellent writing :)
did Valverde pull a Rodney and fake the arm injury? Ty Webb got the save.
You coming in for the race?
Zanies tonight!!!
Thanks to for speaking at RocketSpace. Follow your passion!
life needs a reset button but you can only use it once a fresh start at life k-12 I would live it right
Want to get rewarded for all your gambling?Ask us how you can get comps at all your favorite casinos!
Fun with acronyms!
Stfu no one likes you
Hard to stick to your diet when the donuts are calling your name.
Country music sunshine and windows down! Only one thing could make this better 💜
Day 2 of the Olympia...then back to Sac tonight to watch Scott in home opener of the Mountain Lions. Catch the game on Verses at 8 pm PST.
Jammin' to Under the Mistletoe:) I love it!!<3
Pro-tip: when submitting a paper to a repository, don't make it the Word doc with all the revision comments.
Highway warm sing silent poetry. Corgan
Awesome! thanks :)
I really need to stop tweeting and driving def not okay to pass an Ambulance ... Oops :/
Start your engine its Daytona 500 Time The Anchor Bar..
New Costume Adult Sexy First Class Captain Pilot Costume
Downtown Chi with the love
knicks shoulda traded lobsanity today. His value can't get any higher.
A little early to so checking #ATL for an extra dark pair of shades to combat this sol during #yoga!!!
If you must wear contact lenses during allergy season, consider the daily wear lenses. Put in a new pair every day and throw it out at night
cuz some ppl are just dumb
lol only you
A fantasy map? Liberty City from Grand Theft Auto incorporates some of the best features of Google maps: including Streetview
Bmv tmrw. Gonna be fun.... Lol. So close to being able to drive our car!!! :)
Crappy venue, crappy crowd, crappy weather, crappy game. Long live the bowl system!
what's on ur mind?
My Bacon So Far - Jane Fonda
Want to dress up your floors for the soon to come Holidays!!!! Stop by or call for some great ideas!!!
My friends did play the first time I showed them the game - 3 or 4 times, and had a lot of fun. But now they won't.
Can they make a version of "Ebony and Ivory" that I don't feel awkward singing along too? "Mocha and Ivory"?
get the split and also don't forget to peep our music. 1st album on iTunes and you can play us on Pandora. Get back at us. Thanks
J COLE
thank u sir ;)
You did!
thanks! That means a lot!
People heading up social media initiatives with almost zero online footprint is the new jumbo shrimp via
AW MAN THATS NOT GOOD! EVERYONE NEEDS A PINK LEMON SHIRT!
I'm going to bed. East coast is just waking up! Is something wrong with that???/?? Naaaaaaa! Im good! :-) ;-) xoxoxoxo
Back from school(:
it was SO loud here
Hahaha I'm digging all these Coventry Rhymes. Keep em coming and ill put them in an album!
i'm new to twitter. shoutout? :)
It wouldn't matter if she did. She knows I never call in unless I'm dying ;)
Cropsey# fantastic fest# great doc. Next screening on Monday. Filmmakers also have dvd's for sale.
I know it was crazy! Never know what to expect here!
A warm hello to all my new followers, I talk about books too much and it's awesome to bore you all with my drivel :) HI!!!
#NowPlaying Peter Gabriel - in Your Eyes
Best part of National GIS Day Talks - a student expressing his desire to take as many GIS classes as possible
Standard night for him isn't it? “: Good luck to tonight smashing moonshine and fat girls!”
A city on the brink, RT : lol the people from nap are trash . well some .
That awkward moment when you put on shorts and realise you didn't shave....
if only the rest of us were as lucky
I can help you get to the Oregano Bienale...
To all the moms in Rochester: starting this Tuesday at 10 am till 11 am….Momy and Me Class…come with your child and enjoy fitness together…t
were you ever planning on returning my bike rack? haha
Love me some LTC "I See" on leftover lunch! I think the rain stopped when the song started, seriously!
I don't think anyone will ever understand & me. Were so weird :p
Your excitement makes me excited! “: Excitement is stirring for the reading of your series in May. I can't ...
Enjoy the lake view and a pint of Witty at Newport Shores..... I know I will!!!
Approaching Michigan and Madison and Chafing Oh My!!!
Just launched our new website!!! Check out www.fanmailfundraising.com ~~ You'll love the changes just as much as we do!!
We are excited to be here for Despierta Austin interview about mentoring with CIS.
I need an in house engineer. Like 4real.
I need some bricks of that Activas
Girl: ''Im getting off text me.'' Me: ''I dont have your number.'' Then she gives me 7 digits..... Cool?
wahhh )': y'all were the hardest part in making my decision cause now im gonna have to make new study friends who arent as cool.
I know. sheesh 
“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.” ― Bil Keane
Thank you!! RT : happy mothers day 😊
Strike 1 Designers - Strike 2 for me at #Oscars don't recognize names of the supporting actresses
Yay! Almost as good as being there. Tell Erik Happy Birthday for us!
Wtf #Wisconsin do we have no idea how to drive. Traffic is so bad I'm live tweeting from the drivers seat!!!
i'm going to fail my chemistry SOL tomorrow
rookie closers will age RV fast. Fun stuff.
agreed. Live with a woman for ten years and not much is surprising...
And why would you ask that?
i can't believe some goof shipped me a clock with the pendulum and key INSIDE the case.
Or whatever that shit called.
we were moving to the other Side of the office
When brings me Starbucks after school >>>>
For sure! I'm glad you're back!
thank you for the follow. I would like to keep tabs on your son's progress.
well that's your fault if you miss it considering your 15 ft away
Thank you for the heads up. We were about to remove you from the people we follow
You wanna wear push-up bras & heavy make-up while dancing with Bill Cosby?
I love my Saint Thomas Goons
I wanna play temple run!!!!!!
that's amazing! congrats :)
thanks! I love your beauty and style boards. Oh and your hat one...heck, I love them all.
#FF #Comics that
His defense has been great though. RT : unimpressive night for Rondo even with the triple-double
companies that still offer HC benefits are shifting employees into plans with higher deductibles
they are Very Active! But loving every minute :)
yes! I just saw this! Still looking for two tickets for my procrastinator brother!
No problem at all. Will resend Monday. Have a great weekend!
RT : Excited to be in the studio this afternoon with at 4pm
I'm sorry :( by grandpa just went into remission, thank the lord
Every year I think WSU can't Coug it more than the last time, and every time they prove me wrong
I'm gonna kiss you 
remember back when i was a twitter newbie? and you taught me the ways of twitter awesomeness?
i fail at reading i thought u said u where at obamas place chillin
Would you really put a guy in office who ties his caged dog to the roof of his car for 12 hours and sees nothing wrong with this?
nope. Haga guess we just got to be ratchet.
Friends are like the bacon bits of life Jerry Wright
lmao hit me up
Dub johnson's a beast!!!
RT RT : Do NOT lower your standards to "keep" anyone. Make them meet you at YOUR level.
we are now reviewing IAP Literature application
Your list is beautiful I 'd love 2get all songs especially his ver of Rocketeer.There was also"Ladies is Pimps"
YES SHE DOES!!
Really loving the vt state archivist's keynote address
There's a new Spider-Man!?
Very interesting. Give examples. RT : Even the most faithful believer can serve a false god.
RT 1 day of art, culture, food & fun #ExploreFultonMarket Sat., May 12th 12-5pm. Walk, stroll, taste, and see Chicago's West Loop!
NEW FUNNY LIFE STORIES STARTING TOMORROW. BEEN TELLING THESE FOR YEARS AND WAY BETTER THEN THAT MAX GUY
who else is sick of spam DMs? -Melanie
#notbuyingit hash tag is kinda just being a debbie downer... but agree was awful
Who's coming to 's concert in LA? :D
fritzy's MFN song was awesome
The Phillies Cole Hamels is suspended for 5 games for intentionally beaning Rookie Bryce Harper.
follow back?
GO LOOK AT HIS FACEBOOK!
You've been dating for a day, you aren't in love, shut up.
Todays kinda sucked. whats everyone up to?
yeah couch not so much!
Big sale on popular workshops today..
FYI my website is down. BlueHost is having problems this morning.
idk about that ;-)
$70 for parking !..I needed to clarify that
Doc Rivers on KG: He was phenomenal. He bailed us out."
There were 35 players in today's $140 buy in noon Bounty Tournament. The top 5 places get paid, first is $1345.
#RichardBranson Poised Creation in El Paso would like to pay homage!!
Miss you, buddy! Can't wait to be back!
Sneezy morning! Please do not be a start to another cold. Ive got some traveling to do!
The only reason why I wear a seatbelt is so I don't get a ticket..
Somebody should totally make a fanpage called ! If you do, i'll promote you for free! X)
yo momma so stupid she thought a cheerio was a doughnut seed....
Awesome day at the church picnic! Big thx 2 everyone who worked on the property to get it ready, and every1 who made the day so much fun!
don't ask me to be your child's God father when you don't even know who the real father is
You definitely should! The last one was a blast!!! :)
O boy.
Can't wake up today!
Yeah and Julietta is the name of a boy, very manly ;D Oh man you're unbelievable ;) we'll stop before your head explodes ;) ♥
Somebody hand me my boots I'm going skiing!
The villain pimp slapped somebody to (literally) into next week
Good group you have, Kim! All excited to see you
ok so it's another day and we're closer to (but not at) our goal. Any thoughts on getting celeb RTs for our film? :)
Nut is good for your hair true or false shining message us answer
Ask Me Friday will start now. Tweet me or DM me you questions and I will answer them. If you tweet them use #AskCodyCR in your tweet.
Fair enough! My thought was that you should have a resume to be considered an actress. But I'm good w/ "bad actress," haha.
Recommend taking your family to Tony award-winning musical "You're A Good Man Charlie Brown"~Scripps Ranch Theatre~ends tonight! Tixs $10-25
thxx a bunch :D
“Four things a woman should know: How to look like a girl, How to act like a lady, How to think like a man, And how to work like a dog.”
Thanks! What Hungarian wine are you loving.Love Gere. Also loved Joszef Bock and Hagymasi Bormester when I was there
I cant wait for Hume 1st and 2nd I mean on a Friday and on a Saturday! I cant wait(:
At pick n pull listening to Megan tell me about breast cancer
sigh RT : Alex Gonzalez had his MRI today. It confirmed that he did tear the ACL is his right knee.
Can't break away for bfast or lunch? Maxie's is "Musseling" in the new year with 1 lb of lemon garlic mussels for $7. All day, all night.
Hey! How are you? I haven't talk to you in a while.
what shall we do?
“: I know it's a little early, but screw it. I'm heading to Miller Park. #openingday #brewers”
In the front at the LMFAO concert. Still 3hours to go. People are rude
jordan playing too early in the morning
I was hoping vladimir would punch him instead of separating the 2
Black & Yellow
But drupal is great. We love drupal! drupal, drupal, drupal!!! (there's a lot of drupal love here)
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility. -Napoleon Hill
Happy Valentine's Day from the #VATeam! Sending our heartfelt wishes to all of our lovable friends and followers!
Kate Winslet looks incredible.
I eat donuts, bacon and the rug. Pee in the shower and watch teen mom
thanks for the follow :) absolutely Loving the Natural World!!
awesome photos
Shenanigans and bullshit
Good luck on exams today!
Anyone have experience in Instructional Design or related field? Anyone who works in Curriculum Development?
Just was in a train collision! #NoJoke!...and the shit wasn't even fully built..wtf!?!?
Sometimes I regret not being social in high school then I'm glad I didn't .. I had no drama, trouble, no mishaps..
Welcome back! RT is returning to again today!
i got those ones, there to fresshhhh. how you been?
Maybe they should stop treating him like he's still 20 yr-old phenom
Oscar is my crush<3
Ahoy! Thank you for sharing and YOU'RE awesome!
Any seats left? Little Rock
sigh Cody I give up i try so hard to get you to see me I'm always right there but I see that you don't care..this hurt me alot.
I put my pants on one arm at a time, just like everybody else
Crazy Summer is a #UrbanFiction #novel by #ColeHart. Coming soon.
If PhiPhi wins tonight I'll never watch again!
Recommends campuses find a way to send students to IA, too.
Bret's not going to be happy about that. Brennan nearly gets hit on the blitz.
House Freshman Republicans will go down as the most childish legislators our country has ever seen
Hope you get to see some PO action dude!! #deserved “ Let's go pens !! Score early in OT so I don't have to go to bed too late”
yeah from then it was ok until about steveston hwy and shell rd where she just lost control of her stomach...
Parents of the 7-wk baby in my airplane row made goodies bags for everyone sitting near them. I got chocolate, gum, & earplugs. Nice!
For the record, I would never, ever mess with Jacob Peterson.
Research shows: "the inability to focus helps ensure a richer mixture of thoughts in consciousness" daydreamers rule baby not tiger moms!
Just noticed your new pic...guess I've been pretty MIA lately!
Cant wait to get away from everything and relax for a week!!
Just got told I look exactly lie Lindsay Lohan. In gonna go throw myself off a bridge now.
also a remarkable number of books told from the perspective of children -- tricks for avoiding too much tech
: Any words of wisdom from the #AAUP11 exhibits panel? Our ACQ and MKTG dpts. are meeting today to coordinate 2012 exhibits.
LMAO...we're the best!
I miss the starlight lounge, and i've never even been there
hahahahha. you get me slug. you get me.
#Foxtrot automates data clean-up within Excel workbooks. Need to change names from all CAPS to Proper Format in seconds? Foxtrot can help!
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Saw Barbara Clark & Roylene Walker perform "East Meets West" @ The Institute of Musical Arts yesterday. Great Stories!
congratss Bruins!!! BOSTON IS GOING NUTS RITE NOW!! :) stanley cup here we comee!!!! owww owww :)
singing at THE UNDERGROUND WONDER BAR tonite 8-10ish, $3 beer, $5 martinis!10 E Walton. Hard week; give me some sugar 2nite, I'll sing 4u.
Go Lions!
Have an hour for lunch? Come to 19th and K for a quick or long massage. Go to www.massagedc.com and get your $10 off coupon.
Have you tried Twicca? I've always found it to be the best of a so-so lot.
#Mobile Broadband will have a bigger impact on the #Web, than #Wireless had on #Telecommunications (poached from E///).
Jazzbah is ready to ENTICE you tomorrow night.. Event starts promptly at 9pm, reserve your seats now 505-243-5299
( golfer) takes the #USopen. #USGA events have notoriously little signage making the shirt billboards priceless!!
i miss you bro. hope youre enjoying maui
Thx! expensive because made in USA. Trying to help the economy!
well, I was quite a pain in the ass as a ninth grader. Some things never change I suppose.
Just got offered a sales/marketing job on spot starting right after graduation
"...she should be sharting that thing out today." -- on the miracle of birth
If you're interested, shoot me an email at .
North or South?
Just pasted a gas station near Kings Dominion that looked like it was the set on for the opening scene in Zombieland.
Can G+ get a little love from Flipboard plz?
Agreed. That's why I use Numbers. And Keynote instead of PowerPoint.
lol, actually no. But when u said Leak should go down to L-ville it got me curious. Just sitting watching RedLegs.
Have been editing on a short, and feel rather good about the first go.
Evil is not just personal, but structural and spiritual. -Walter Wink
: Of course. Left wing if you don't know what you are talking about.
Thanks for following!
change that to anyone.... no whining.
VegasAirport #TSA: "Ma'am, we need 2 rescan your knee," Me: "My what?" TSA: "Your knee, looks like there's something metal in it." Really?!
thanks!!! Be there soon!
how are you doing?:)
Thanks for following the event! We'll be live tweeting our panel tomorrow on #blackmusic!
'Don't chase the unavailable, welcome the open! "
I feel the same way!
Watched Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead. Glad that I eat healthy. Wow.
Realionaire has that effect on you. I did the same thing.
Whoa, HBO. You can't say Jon Snow is 14 in one episode and then imply that he's 16 in the next! People notice these things!
" live in the past if you want, but I promise it's not going to get you anywhere"
excuse me ??
Let it be just the first of many warm weather picnics!
#WeCantDateIf there are no tree-rings.
.. Thanks for the mention! The #painpill issue is completely out of hand but has been swept under rug for years for $$.
Thanks for supporting!
i understand that.. what i meant was, i trust that you and your business constituents will find a way to work with/through it.
Don't you love it when you hear the perfect song on the radio? Then you hear it again on another channel moments later?
Hey Alex! I like yoga at exhale spa in chicago. A lot of people like core fusion as well but I haven't been there a ton.
NW The Long Shot.... never seen it.!!
sore sore sore sore sore sore sore
RT Am I the only one with a 50's station on pandora? / That makes us two of us :) lol
Reserve a Zipcar w/OR St Parks or NW Forest Passes this wknd! Expand the vehicle info tab when reserving to see your Zipcar's amenities.
I love rice <3
whatever idris, don't be salty because we're elderly but a million times better!
Holla if you have me, fuck you if you had. Words of wisdom of #Drake :*
I just saw the worst case of front butt. It looked like she swallowed a UFO
New Houston Location 10700 Richmond Ave, Suite 223 Houston, TX 77042 77042 By Appointment Only
all I can say is "Thank you!" The Lord is using your worship downloads to fill my heart.
lol random moment sorry :)
50% are or look like guys tome. The others (i hope) are getting a visit from the troll ferry
Hah, no! We just got out of the pool and went and got some food. :P
I think it looks clean and fabulous! Great Job!
Thinking of how the notion of generative tech infrastructure (Zittrain) can be related to emerging social practices
Busker doing ukelele version of Boys Are Back In Town next to restaurant.
R U thinking about doing any sports/fundraising events? We would love it if U would choose StorybookDads as your charity!
When it hurts so bad you can't even talk..
RT : In response to my Qs, Jerry Brown takes indirect shot at Jay Goldsone, says state finance director Matosantos makes $173K
LOL! You got it.
Mk shoulda stayed home with me :(
#thatawkwardmoment when teachers imply or make inappropriate jokes
That awkward moment when 2 of your BF friends like you....
Monster Mania Truck Show @ Lazy E Arena, January 7&8! Tickets Starting @ $8! For more info & to purchase tix visit Lazye.com!
I'm like a giddy little kid, listening to Murph work this broadcast.
I go to golds gym on Wisconsin avenue too!! Small world!!
I got you next time your in ATL
What the hell!! I didnt think it was suppose to rain 😱
The drunk can go to sleep now but the sober kid who was suddenly woken up by the drunk because he wanted to discuss emotions now can not...
Nice art Lina like!
Rock on!
Got my #iPhone4S shipment notification this morning. It is Oct. 14th yet?
This rainy weather better be gone by the weekend!
Numbers are proof -your gut is correct. Consumer confidence has improved, well priced and well positioned properties are selling
I'm doing bobby brown jodeci and r. Kelly
#HelloVineyard Forgot to include on my reply. But corrected my error and voila, now all is instantly well again! :)
There's not a chance in hell I'm doing High Heel Derby.
Please come over and help me put my smoke alarm back up. I desperately yanked it off the ceiling but I'm too short to put it back up :(
it's good, I have, and I will!! Thanks!
Train Your BRAIN: April Norris will be taking the audience on an audio-visual journey to train your brain for success. Who can say no to...
“: great night watching at the Walnut Street Theater. Ben---you're an amazing actor!”--much love and thanks Carolyn
Alright, companies. It's about time for a heart to heart about who you are and what you want. Brand therapy time.
Thanks for sharing the resource link to the session. Stuff in there I didn't know about. May need to rework our site. :-)
This year's NHL Trade Deadline Day is sponsored by Google... "They got who?!?... let me Google him...."
RT “: #Blazers Courtside is on LIVE now. Send us your questions/comments. #TBCourtside”
Signal coming and going as we ascend Hunter Mountain. App update of City goal a dagger.
How are you feeling?
Do you still have pieces that you wrote when you were a teen? Share them with us for a special web edition. send to
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 13, 2012
telling employees that we need to have a "growth mindset" to take everyday as a learning experience!
If you want to be followed back and im not following u, mention me with a "taylor gang or"
RT : Every bitch is a model on twitter lmao . Bitch please #SitYoAssDown~> WOW
I was a regular dancer on Bandstand in the sixties so sad
How is social media being used to share museum experiences outside of museum's page, but instead, friend to friend? Can we know?
Cuz Im No Whr Near Sleepy
I saw a nickel and my sister was like " niiicolaaa, like ricolaaa"
hm thank goodness I don't date any girls here lol.
love you more :)
God and I are deeply divided on this Denver Broncos issue.
honored. hope it holds up
we have a first aid kit friends gave as joke because of my crazy kids. It has splinter remover tool. BEST thing ever. Get one
Not feeling too hot today. Bummed, I wanted to stop by the #NOH8Seattle shoot and show support! :( :/ 😔
would love to learn more about your agency!!
Mixed opinions on this winter's lack of snow. Thanks for the RTs, , and others..
I'm in nola now but I'm hoping to be at the scavenger hunt.
Must not be selling much if he has time to lie about FREE cappers! Good luck today sir.
Lets make an office snuggie that is done in biz casual fabric- and a reclining office chair
That is probably the most truthful statement ever spoken.
RT : Can you believe some teenager tried to bride the DMV to reinstate his license and also make him 21 years old.
well there goes christmas now santa is gonna forget everyone and go get a lady gaga christmas tree oh god wait till mrs.santa finds out 0-0
lol. I know right.
Dont you hate when the sand in the taco bell meat gets in your vagina? Selvia does
My boys are growing up so fast. Archer's 1st birthday is in a month... Ugh.
oh snap
Amen sister! RT : I'm beyond excited. Opportunities come when you least expect them. 
That face is adorable!! RT I LOVE this default.
Farmers market in Columbia City today and no rain! Stop into Andaluz and check out the new merch!
Dweezil Zappa, Frank's boy, turns 42 today. I think he's kinda hot.
de nada mama!
Hello, Michigan.
Oh go fuck yourself
there's something wrong with me.
This makes me rlly wanna play bocci now. Anyone down to start a game?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!I love u ur so inspirational and are a AMAZING dancer I am the girl that went to arizona & I'm from Florida..
#CC250 FLOATING THRU THE SKY AGAIN! WILL I EVER FIND MY WAY💚
plz #follow me for my b day plzz im 13 and i realy want a follow
“: Please can we turn the Tebow talk?" NOT being a fan is #fun. everyone knows jesus is a steeler fan...and he digs yonder
is back to square 1 on the wedding planning (sigh)...I'm taking any suggestions/advice from friends and family...please send help my way!
Only one day left to tweet or DM why you should win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms at #Newark Palace Theatre on Sat 28th Jan.
shot I know! That was funny as hell
That's pretty funny! Where they do that at? U need to get the point. Like Vivica.peel beyotch!! hahaha
That's for sure. You are one more step from greatness )
Had a great meeting with a fabulous interior designer who understands how to apply green to interiors. Her web site www.tylertinsworth.com
Watching the Players Championship and every time Rickie Fowler is shown, I think Johnny Depp suddenly took up golf. Is Tim Burton his caddy?
Speed bumps xD
Truly love showing guys up in the gym
RT : i actually bought that kors watch rose gold for my girl last month on her bday
Jersey Shore BABY!!
nope haven't met Gibson. I stared at him from behind a bookshelf at Powell's once though.
Hey hommie slice!!! I miss ya crazy butt!!!
Studio quality beats/tracks for $25
hahah.. that was classic
Off to Mystic to convene with Connecticut's convivial librarians.
just performed in 90 degree weather with walking ammonia....
If you try to get rid of fear and anger without knowing their meaning, they will grow stronger and return.
What about mystery? Has anyone read some chilling mystery tales lately?
Maria is speaking now....
If this year is like years previous, The Iron Cactus should give you an award.
no it just made no difference. Neither can throw for shit.
isn't that a meatloaf song?
new gig? Do tell! Lunch sometime soon to catch-up?
"Not all those who wander are lost.” - J.R.R. Tolkein
got you locked in
Hire me and I PROMISE you'll never find me rummaging through your garbage for leftovers. Probably.
Thanks James!!
We interrupt this marathon editing session to get some cake...yum cake.
Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up.
Take yo ahh to skool RT“: Im messing with every one this morning .. Im so bored but GoodMorning Loves .!”
hell yea. Get better soon though. We be missing ya on these shoots doooggg
lemme know when you get back from the gym! got an email of beats to send you!
being disconnected from the world for a week was nice..
: Etch a Sketch: When I said let Detroit go bankrupt, I meant take credit for Obama's brilliant job-saving plan.
When tracks over I'm really going to miss them :(
Yes Joe. Real based on student background = real learning
The heat pissin me off
Monster kills Palance...GAME OVER, Major monster victory. Thanks for playing!
Has your food allergic child been excluded from activities because of allergies and lack of consideration by adults?
This is the winter that weather that we wait for in FL. It will be over with all too soon. Sha na na na na....live for today........
We need to have a discipline in our prayer life & fasting. And it's hard to develop one by yourself.
*grin* Not that far back. I stayed in the last 100 years. :)
chances are if he's played in Portugal at any given time Mendes owns him or owns the person who does...
Old Todd!
Thanks for your support! My political platform is taking shape: siestas & bumping cell phone drivers are top priority.
it's been real while I was home! It was good seeing you & fam the other day sis
Thanks for the follow
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me? Please don't change, ever. (:
we never got sushi? Lets change that asap! Plus, when are you twenty one?
Best part of puppet show according to adults' reactions: pointing at the hippo heinie to indicate "The End." Buncha sickos (hee hee!).
Who is going to win? It is those who are more consistent than anyone else at doing things that stretch who they are, so that they can becom…
I love you ♥13
BEAUTIFUL PHOTO!!
« Sometimes you need to run away just to see who will come after you.»
It's never easy
Getting my hair done by someone new for the first time in 5 years. It feels so wrong!
Hines will retire as a Steeler!!!
Happy 93rd birthday to the great American musical icon Pete Seeger. Like Louis Armstrong, contemporary music wouldn't be the same w/o him.
Jordy Nelson: Baddest white boy alive!
you are speaking English right now -.-
what profession?
Seriously? You tried to trot out WAR & Era as indicators? Try FIP, xFIP, & some real predictive indicators.
no one will.. sex will either be obsolete or we'll all be dead
..to consider for a armload of musical compilations--and get them all scheduled to be on the island of Jamaica for stuff...enough detail.
my uncle from Ohio is flying down to enjoy too...keep bringing the jazz we love...much thanks...
Welcome Colleen!
on the voice!
It's such a chill Monday.
Just updated the class list on www.bethsdiyworkshop.com Looking forward to setting up my lathe in the workshop this month
Good lord. This guy 's drums >>>>
Find new angles for old blog posts to come up with new content.
Perry—The American ppl want Washington out of their hair, there's a model for that - check out my hair!
#FF For good debate on issues:
Thank you! If you mustache us any questions about our facial hair board, don't be shy!
So happy for everyone graduating this weekend! Congratulations and welcome new Alumni!
I eat like 5 pregnant people lol.......
It's a cycle of strangers to lovers, and currently we're strangers, far from lovers
you rock
Im Always Up Chasing My #Dream !
FOR LENT I'M GIVIN UP ON LIFE…. SO DUECES TO THE OLD ME AND WHAT IT DO TO THE NEW ME …
: you are missing the best WAVE I have seen in a long time! : you better be wavin'!
So co co co cooollddddddd! Pressure wash top deck, bottom deck and patio, check!
lol no bitch
I don't think "imported from detroit" was a rebranding failure!
Just watched so many videos! Love it!
That's why I'm in Marketing! RT That about covers it, Sean. RT : Taylor Stoermer: Idea Arsonist
Off to Cambridge MD to talk to progressive Eastern Shore activists about plastic litter -- problems and solutions.
Planning my next month of travel. Where should I go? Thinking of a genealogy trip to the UK...
bcuz I bought the game on my xbox lol
There's a place for true thought leadership. For most execs, it's important to address hot client issues + get closer to revenue
Awesome. Want to schedule a phone call?
thanks! i'll take a look
love that joint, but miss that horn!
thanks for the shoutout! Great to meet you!
Your cookies are EPIC!
I don't really care if my socks match if I have pants on.
Damnn bass cant get a bucket
Did you guys figure out your plans for tmrw?
I hate when people post like a million status in one day
Yep! Where u sitting
How much would it cost me since he doesn't know me
Hey Tiffani! This is really late, but thx for the Boston congrats! I actually was really sick, but still a great time! How r u?
Good morning today not school
some may consider it coastal, it's wet
sorry just saw this. Yes, I have had a private practice since 2004.
“: how you do all you do boggles the mind! #supermom #careerdiva #rockstar” [oh my, no idea how I needed that today
Already am(:
is so #GRAND :) We should start #SandraMara <3 lol
I used to have a pet hedgehog and it was terrible!
Who's a bigger train wreck? Lohan or Sheen? I heard they hooked up.
God... If you have a plan for me. I would really love to know it. Thanks.
I got money... hoes. Money and hoes...
To become a season subscriber, March 28th! But we have not announced single tix on-sale dates for any of our shows yet
Got #zoom teeth whitening today. Shazam they are white, and throbbing! #Vicodin and
this pizza >>>
Today was your Friday? Mine was yesterday.
It was cute watching you run to lock the doors but I was already inside ;)
and I thank God you came along and changed my life with brave ideas, new hope, new thinking and thus a new life! never better
follow my cuz!! He's a genuine dude who'll have u rolling!!
fun (: & good, I've been with my family & Jakob. :)
I know I'm a good friend because I put all my problems aside to help my friends with their problems(:
Sigh. *Honoree selection for quote of the month based on previous 30-day period. Reign spans 30 days that follow.
I wish I had a cat, but I can't because of my allergies. Then I would have something to snuggle when I have no bf around.
Very sad to hear about Donna Summer. A truly unique and powerful voice whose music soared in an era with a lot of so-so sludge. RIP
which is why I do my best not to have them
Having a hard time finding something to fit my mood. Trying JAG now.
more 2how exactly a bill got watered down, passed or killed; who did what instead of only relying on any1 pundits or person's rant.
The Bruins will MURDER the Knucks
If you have to call the other woman just to see if she's slaying your man, than maybe you need a new man...
Just a reminder that we will be closed Thursday and Friday to celebrate Thanksgiving!
A bike cop just caught me jaywalking. All he did was shake his head and tisk at me.
Kiss is better than cooking
Ayy bro you coming?
baylors losing cause they dont have the bright yellow jerseys on
#lt I wonder if he was going off my tweet , or we both got good taste in music lol
UNC system student health insurance costs to rise
We can all do so much more than we originally think we can. Surprise yourself with how much you can rock today.
ugh I love it there. But no snow, right?
So I notice all of my mocasins are missing and decide to look for them... My aunt has about 20pairs under her bed
Might not shake sub's hansd but he can get his ass whooped by them.
Don't go by what u heard come to me with the situation like a man!!!
Thank you so much for including us today. The speaker was awesome. So was the lunch!
Remember, bus reroutes are in effect from 6-11pm on Alberta. Catch the bus at stops on Killingsworth instead.
No one has the right to feel hopeless, there’s too much work to do ~ Dorothy Day
YOU ARE AMAZING <3
That stonergirl twitter is fucking dumb.
anyone there know what kind of watches were given to the boys of '62 during home opener Friday?
Are good.
lazy. bald. giants. all very scary traits.
Right on - thanks!
happy birthday girll!! Pleasee follow me back! Hope you have an amazing day!! #HappyBirthdayNicolette #happybdaynicolette
Since u never know what the next moment brings, u can't ever judge a situation as bad... Expect positive outcomes!
Miss my summer workout buddy
YOU KILLED THAT SLIGHTWORK REMIX. YOU BASICALLY WHITECHALK EVERYTHING YOU TOUCH.
yo sarcasm hurts
Thanks for the shout-out!!
That's true technically. Maybe 3% is left after paying shareholders and huge CEO compensation.
No kidding! What are we doing inside running reports?
Thanks. Good to know. Wish I could be there. Am in Mexico. Love Twitter!!!
thanks for the kind words! I'm the guy in the pink shirt and blue blazer
just saw you playing the role of Bobbi on the iconic TV show #WonderWoman You look even younger today!
Crazy afternoon here in NTex! “: Tornadoes hit Dallas & Ft. Worth area. Safety and prayer go out to all my friends in Texas.”
Doing the callback dance! Woo hoo!
does anyone have any questions for Fletcher from Pennywise? We're interviewing him in a few hours, I'm stoked!
Have a great week:)
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Do you have Coors Light?
Now following back <3
Q: u still around? A: around but lonely. Gotta a question? I'll answer it for 2.3 million dollars.
LA hosts Spurs but look for SA to spank the Lakers as LA is 1 - 5 against winning teams
congratulations Mom Hedgehog Librarian! What did she receive her degree in?
A pick 6 and UT is right there now, within 2 points. Usually atm gets up by more before they choke. Weird.
If you know what is coming next, you don't convince an audience that you are inventing what you are saying.
Now its time to shred one of my favorite skate parks!
Adding lots of mulch, I hope. Once those long-buried weed seeds see daylight... BAM! Love gardening, too.
Woke up when I was supposed to leave for school. can already tell todays gonna sucks.
This research methods class is so boring
tonight on AIBTV 7pm, if you need help and no one else can help call
I know. I wanted to scream. She just looked at scratch & said she didn't do it, and maybe I hadn't seen it before. Seriously. No.
Happy new year, I hope your holidays treated you well. I hope 2012 treats you well. Have a good day.
#IThankGod for breathing life into me
Fucking giggle puff
How about him calling Nancy Pelosi "Princess Nancy"? He has no respect for anybody! What's wrong with the Amer people? NO CAIN!
My girl said I get more girls than niggas do smh so not true...I'm VERY lowkey and to myself
lol we're watching Willy wanka and the chocolate factory
Happy Easter babes!! I miss u more love!! <3
could you follow us back please?
Love your stuff! Any chance we can get a link to your "rant" from Th ? Leg/women
Quality is high bc there is actually so little done to it. I'm not that worried, if anyone did I'd be1st to defend Howard Wayne.
bossman what is up
Karin and I both thank you for mentioning her guest-post; it's much appreciated!
Aren't most of them awful
I Jennifer. You're so right, but what can you expect from that amoral bunch.
The Dark Shadows 90's version is on today!!!
No one cares.
hey Len what are the chances that I could sing the stretch tomorrow for my 25th BDay with ?
RTTTTTTTT “: I honestly think Chipolte and Zaxbys are over rated..”
All smiles
Commute safely today, everyone. It's messy out there!
I'm 40 times better then I was my Aj ain't on my level bro and I no he will kill u
Happiness comes to you when you live your life consistent with your highest values and deepest convictions. Brian Tracy
Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there
thanks for reminding me... i almost died!
If we let ppl , they will steal the best parts of us but if you believe in yourself n god that is enough 2 carry u past their prejudgements
Thanks for the recommendation!
requests for graphics need to go through your sales rep.
getgo in verona :)
“: tell all these fakes who made #Edsup” - I do believe Del originated the #edsup hash tag-give credit where its due
Working out dwntwn.
Being dead seems boring
A #Gemini is, perhaps, the most exciting, adventurous companion you will ever know.
I assume #OccupyAlbuquerque will need extra hands for the move Saturday at 9am, from Tight Grove to Yale Park.
If I were a couch... I'd be real comfy, too.
Break time for judging. I'm guessing the three finalists will be Kris Bowers, Joshua White and Pascal LeBoeuf
no, he was trying to kill me with his bike. spend good $ on a jogging stroller or it'll kill you/your back.
two big tests today and I'm not ready for neither of them :\
sup my brutha
all i could hear in my head was Forrest singing those lines!
listening to one of the illest to touch the wheels of steel-- for the original old school at noon.... tune in @ www.power983fm.com
KWCH is here interviewing us!
Z....*Long Z* lol What's up boy how you doing??
Yes. An abomination in the eyes of the Lord.
Girl, I'll be thinking about you worldwide
Just finished loading my backpack for the weekend I've been anticipating since I learned about this trip last August: Machu Picchu!
i was literally screaming on the top of my lungs when you guys where performing i love you guys:)
Hewlett officer made 'more nervous' by talk at #cies2012 accountability panel
Almost to 900 fans!!! Help us get there by sharing our page with your friends!!!
the auteur is the art
o-o
God bless you, Sister. Thanks for the follow. :)
Happy Birthday! Did you know you share your day w/ Calamity Jane, Tim McGraw & Stuart Appleby? That's quite the group...
Were you saying you did not enjoy the accommodations at Hotel El Mirador (Rooftop)
Screw this mess, I'm moving to Charlestown!
I stay away from my p.beliefs. Some parents get irate
Anthony Davis is so ugly!
That's good to hear - your shows have been some of the best times ever (#OWSLA!) Can't wait to see you at festivals this year
You're impossible to resist, but I wouldn't bet your heart on it.
yep, I've seen it a few times. Then copied the moves on my drive home.
RT if u love and believe in god cause I do I LOVE GOD!!(:<333
Now writing 3 books:: Waking Up! Seize-the-Moment, and The Power Breakthroughs of RBMason's Unconventional Biofeedback. Pub date soon.
forever alone swaq
I have returned from my brief detainment following a protest for #OccupyLA. I salute my fellow activists as the fight for justice continues!
Congrats on the call up good to see the former Red Hawks moving on to the show.....all the best from
Good night of sleep at hospital. I credit the pint of Cherry Garcia prescribed by my wife.
Some ones left ankle is hurting.. pain be gone in Jesus name be healed in Jesus name
You're not serious about making changes in your life until you're willing to take personal responsibility for your actions & your time~
You'd love it!
Roland Smith is visiting our Middle School Library next week. Used google forms for a "have lunch with the author contest". Great responses!
45 min until first pitch here at Sessions Stadium between and the Owls!
I can finally say that next month is my Birthday((:
just not there anymore bro!
I can do better next time...
My lease is up on my car in July and I need ideas! Can't wait for the tomorrow!
Re: taxes, Most people don't mind lending their money to government because they have nothing more productive to do with it
Howdy back at ya!
Time to get the #ROWE groove on w/ this morning!
I may be able to say that coffee is my critical mass
sicckkk! Hope is was on accident
think about how many drug deals are going on in the world right now
It's days like this when I wish I lived on a planet all by myself.
Is wondering when and are coming to visit. We have adventures waiting...
This sunday is the vintage reggae winter fest, weather forecast is 80 degrees
Miranda PLEASE FOLLOW ME(: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
The #Indy #Valpak Office is jamming out to today to end the week right! What are you doing?
Seeing american reunion then going to the premier of Cabin in the Woods.
yup thats my name and its nice to meet u to(:
My fiancé is the most luckiest women in the world to have a guy like me as her future husband. :) <3 cc:
God calls us to be committed to Him, to be committed to making a difference,& to be committed to reconciliation. -Bill Hybels
Are you working a job or moving in a #vision? One is drudgery & the other is #fulfilling. Find your vision & pursue it daily. SeanLetwat
I woke up surrounded by dragon's breath.
join us 4 a luv buzz tonight 4 a screening of Nirvana Live @ Paramount @ 6 PM & Midnight.
Just got did dirty man. Smh
They don't make anything like they used to.
This is fun
that works!
Sorry so low on the tweet these days, gang. Things should be back into a more regular flow by nxt wk. Seeing Shawn Colvin tomw night!
I don't care who you are, refillable mechanical pencils from Japan with replaceable erasers rock.
Join me, Nora Baskin & Tom Angleberger for an Authors & Autism program, Friday 10:15 a.m. rm 200E Minneapolis Convention Center.
is doing what she needs to do in LA.
:D I like tarts. And stuff
My graduation party tomorrow! Need music suggestions for my playlist! Have any? ;)
Oh... #fightclub is on tonight. I am Tyler Durden.
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
#dcmi10 Mike Bergman: Mappings get stuff into the right room
Lindsay Lohan found your old USMC eyeglasses ://www.celebuzz.com/2012-02-13/lindsay-lohan-wears-bold-black-frames-at-lax-photos/
I'm cooking creole again tonight. I'm always excited about that:)
that's it I refuse to eat any more Thanksgiving letf-overs...I have made up my mind and I'm quitting cold turkey...have a great day!!!
Im ready 2 go back 2 my car.
you're awesome!!
RANGERS WIN, GET BOTH POWER PLAY GOALS OFF #joelward DOUBLE-MINOR...
Chris you've done it again". The cg4 Illusione maduro is the best cigar ever with coffee IMHO. # thesmokeringisking
Got a bad ass bitch just bouncin on my dick!
My first novel is feel just as intense as heavy metal I cant wait to finish it
Fromm, Nored, Jones, Stigall and Smith getting the start for the Bulldogs tonight.
#YouGetPointsIf you know the difference between there, their and they're
haha it's true I am not a robot
Afton Mountain took on one of its varieties of perfection this morning: the kind where mist & bright light contend for the valley.
#FF 4 spreading the word about HHC. +Welcome, new employee !
"So let me put colleges and universities on notice.. If you can't stop tuition prices from going up, the funding you receive will go down"
We want to meet people at their latest Development stages so we can best serve them, Douglas tells us why
I'm so excited to see you and on the 2nd!! We be going cray cray yeah?! Seriously though,
Parked in spot 187. Spice 1 and Snoop Dogg would be proud.
oh yay i watch it is pprob the last ABC thing i do watch :P
Thank you to the best daughter anywhere!
Can someone please explain the Semantic Web to me preferably via charades or an infographic?
Wait that "water" bottle I just poured out was actually skyy..
boo hoo act like a lady, think like a man
Awesome!!! Tell Easy we can match!
Microtouch: 8-bit Open Source Media Device
I assumed. What's new with you?
#np say what's real - drake❤
The fire alarms on the #UW campus seemed to be a malfunction and we're all clear and back open!
Thanks for a great show last night,
Isn't life really just about how we're all just walking one another home?
"The only joy in the world is to begin." —Cesare Pavese
We will have merch for sale tonight at the show so if you want a bomb shirt come out to the Britton Pub.
i accidentally had some stuff shipped up there so i had to go in order to pick it up
looooool of course you do :P
Happy opening of Ruined !!! Amazing show and cast !!
you come visit me! I learned how 2 drive the boat today
Upgraded plans now start with a 7-day free trial!
well I am doing just lovely! (: it's nice & sunny out! ☀☀ how are YOU love??
I love most of my #peeps who I grew up with tho ..
: "not everyone has the ability to turn a negative situation into a positive one"
follow back ? :D
It's literally the worst when you find out that someone you idolize is at least a little homophobic.
Did you know there are 12 LEED certified major U.S. sports venues? #GreenSports is big for
wow. dats outrage
I agree this seems high at first blush, but un and under employment still high
Thugs don't say say thts is so cray... They say that's so raven.. Wow just like the tv show hahaa
FUCKING TOE CRAMPS.
Fuck.. do I really have to get up..
Needs more followers I follow back
Suddenly feeling very current on news - thank you!
Watching the rangers game and stuffing my face with fajitas. (: Then Harry potter marathon later. Oh yeah. Good good day.
If a girl looks swell when she meets you, who gives a damn if she's late? Nobody. ~ J.D. Salinger
Thank you for your support and compliment. Hope that you enjoy making the chocolate bread pudding...and the other recipes.
Building the Smartbook: INTERACTIVE, MULTIMODAL, DYNAMIC --> The Smartbook is SOCIAL
cheap Heather would... lol
so we cab discuss the parts that are happenig
my #goal is to maintain my grades, complete my hw; regaurdless. nothing lower than a B and not get distracted with friends.
I would love to see Michael Owen in MLS.
What is it with me and naming issues? First the big bad major label which shall not be named comes after me and now FB messes with me. Ugh.
Yeah it probably is b/c i never heard of it
Register for "How to Avoid Dating a Jerk" Feb 25, 11A-2P, $10 includes lunch hosted by Relationship Expert John Knight! 412.829.0100
I'm really bummed about Linens n things too. I liked that store a lot as well!
She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon.
Why you're mad, I have no clue.
Kid off to school..I really wanna go bak to sleep till wk time...but I have 2 stay up an break this lazy cycle
cheer up 😉
Police scanner: "Resume normal operations in the next ten minutes." Hurrah!
You remind me of the ocean - you make me sick.
last year it was The Brow!! This year will be The Hightop Fade!! Welcome to the family of BBN.
Way cool. I stopped by yesterday to take a few pictures. Glad you enjoyed it. Did you meet the team?
This is accurate, I expect alot more,I just hope they step it up before it's too late,their florida was not that bad tho!:)
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Eli's receiving core has changed every season
Can someone explain to me me why Notre Dame was ranked. They were 8-6 last year, including a loss to Navy.
well guess we both are then ha
My BD dumb AF...or Im dumb for takin his Shit :(
I cannot sleep, nausea cramps and head ache ugh
me n jackie are walking around burchfield.
imma fail this chemistry test -___-
what a loser
Turns out some lame ass is coming into the business lot next door and blaring shit. It isn't that bad music but not that loud, not at night.
Agreed! :) RT omg! I need to come here!!!
These things happen in 3's..Don Cornelius, Dick Clark...who's next? I say an early MTV VJ, perhaps Downtown Julie Brown.
“: when are we going in the studio?” whenever wake his lazzzyy ass up ha
I went with Carl Gottlieb to see the Writers Guild Awards last night where Carl received a lifetime achievement award. Fab Ceremony!
!!! RT : 2 nite I will be rocking with at in DC playing all Wu Tang classics. True Wu heads come support.
Social media can create conversations between visitors, I've done it with Digital Pop-Ups. People learn more about one another
CHIODOS IS ON RIOT FEST
I can sell you a hug for $5 hahahah xD
A little madness in the Spring, is wholesome even for a King. ~ Emily Dickinson.
will do!
great meeting you, why didn't you stick around for dinner?
This crowd certainly has a different sound than at BMO. steady roar, can't hear any chanting.
As great as those two are, Bill Russell is the greatest.
sadly reminiscent of the espn - Eddy Curry headline flap re: "A Chunk in the Armor"
I know I shouldn't be...but I'm a little hurt by your past...
I completely feel ya on that
I haven't tweeted you in a long time. So, hi Mo! :D
hahahahahahaha I thought you were gonna be so creeped out! "yeah I kinda know her" "same from Facebook!" hahahah😂😂
RT : Maybe Magic meant to say if Lakers lose, Don Mattingly will be fired
and Yu was in chingy video
What were your favorite bands back then?? :D
BIG "thank you" to Doris, Timothy, Fran, David, JoAnn, Nancy, Keesha, Lou Ann for volunteering during last weekend for Ghost Stories.
My mommy is so bootyful and awesome 
“Be yourself. No one can say you're doing it wrong. -Snoopy” ― Charles M. Schulz
lol that's like half the nation
LoL xDD. Good luck wit it!!
I was on my #VShit On
Second Guessing yourself <<<<
I love my family.
I dont stop having sex till she cums;)
Local ABC station giving out free breakfast sandwiches at the food trucks on flora street! Good start to the day
Trending Topic #theworldsgreatestdjs How many dj's would jump at the chance to host a radio show on the internet?
Not yet. RT2WIN ends today at 10pm tonight!
We’re speaking on a panel on the debate between #NVGRE and #VXLAN today Join us in Lagoon J at 9:45!
Excited for my new purchases.
Shut the door turn off the lights I wanna be with you I wanna feel your love
BWW with kids from Cintenial helluh fun. aha our group got split up cuz the max doors closed on them aha. then went to eat YO CREAM. Fun day
Gotta run out to a political event, but gonna try to rush back to see if Mike Brown keeps his job.
Marcellus said I could go to his class during 3rd period tomorrow :)
Leonard L. Levinson~ The past is the tomorrow that got away.
Happy New Year everyone! 1/1/11! And don't forget to have your black-eyed peas today!
what pool r u going to
In Vegas about to go to GLOCK's set up day for the range...
Thx Mark. Always glad to help make you look respectable.
Hoping my favorite Packer: DJ Williams breaks open tonite and claims that #2 TE behind Finley!
They look beautiful. Sad to not be seeing them in person. Glad you found a bunch.
THEY LOOK SO GOOD!! THANKS TO and all of you!
Just a couple, but they're whores.
$2 Corona and Miller lite Thurday's Voted "DC's Best Happy Hour"
Accidently running a stop sign in river run..
Thoroughly irritated.
Thats bullshit, that foul was on Roy
Somebody should really open an arcade at the airport. Like, in the next two hours.
r u a boy or girl
thanks for the follow!!
happy to follow for Absinthe tix tomorrow night VIP. Can you help?
That moment when you want to actually iron your hair but there's no iron. Lol just my luck.
What is mind mapping?
#sea When was your worst/most recent/dramatic/(whatever) car trouble?
#askselena Which song is your favourite of all your songs?
They have to consult with Crosby first.
Your going to drive thru storms
Tomorrow on Forward: Arthur Kohl-Riggs joins me @ 10am to talk about his run against #Walker in GOP primary. 106.7FM-1670AM WTDY
hahaha i wanted to tag on it.
"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom"
So ready for some alone time with my baby. Its going down ;)
Good Morning! Did you tell your daughter she's beautiful this morning...
miss you! Let's all have a girls night soon😊
No wonder his ignoring me Lakers & OKC on good enough excuse
Hey Kim, I think I tweeted a big thank you, but since I'm not sure, I'll tweet it again. BIG thank you!
Happy New Years Eve guys!!!
I contacted him and CCd you on the email. Maybe I'll reach out again next week. I'll definitely be at the event!
saw you're a shutterbug. Recently got a big girl camera myself & am always up for a photowalk! I'm rd522 on flickr & instagram
My parents aren't helping.
I just read the premise of V.H. Houston's play "Kokoro" about 親子心中 in the US. I'd love to read this at some point.
At the park with the little princess. There are 50 kids here and she just wants to play with me!
what's up with your app?
this is what happens. You never know what it could lead to. Keep your options open.
I woke up. Should my first thought have been 'Eat Funyuns?' Oh, I did. Don't worry.
haha love it
I decided long ago, never to walk in anyone's shadows - If I fail, if I succeed-At least I live as I believe ... RIP Whitney.
