We are so proud of the vision of a GCM in GSO, dedication & hard work of our Foundor, Cynthia Doyle!
A Retweet party? #Shawing! I'm in!
It been hectic, glad it Friday :) and yours?
what are you talking about lol
Study: Antibiotic Reduces Human Fertility - Fars News Agency
We just launched a new event at www.selfwealthlive.com check it out.
I like how doesn't follow me bak. Coolio
FYI I'm getting back into things and should start blogging again soon. What a strange, strange year it's been! :-)
was hoping 2 hear ya'll perform last night...smh
Great, instead of just being frustrated, now I have to try really hard not to say something really shitty to this asshole. Happy Wednesday!
pretty girls w. ugly toes oh no !
goodnight im out
First she was having dreams....now she's talking about "friends"...i need Alicia to calm down lol
loan mods, credit repair, debt settlement, and investing, investing!!!
lol I was just looking at how many gougeons there are and they're all punk I mean where's the red necks??!!!!
yeah draft deadline is March 15th
Tonight WITZEND and Jeff Eamer present: 7.5 MINUTES OF FAME - featuring songs, spoken word and comedy from 12 of LA's finest! Come on out!
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Installed high security locks, bump proof, pick proof door locks, Kwikset Smart Key deadbolt was forced over...www.alcatrazlock.com
cedar chest
Oh Ted, I love you so 💜
Across the Hall is a contemporary romance. Thanks for asking.
In just 15 minutes Game of Thrones is back! Brace yourselves because winter and war are coming. No one is safe.
S/o to for the follow
Texting my O.E I love him lmfaoooo Merry Christmas babe <3
What kind of salad have the "Wiggles" made famous? At least to kids anyways...
Had 24hrs off from "Mission: Get In Shape". It involved ice cream, a BLT, Mexican food, beer and no exercise. And I feel amazing.
Who's left on the Indians to trade? Jack Parkman?
i need to stop procrastinating so bad!
your should be "you're"
I think its time for my own cookin show. Like Paula Dean, but funny and maybe 5 less "yall"s per show.
hey wanna chillin again? lmbo.. Get well soon brah!
Just In A RT Mood!!
So... what happened to Tagliani before the two biggest idiots wrecked?
I wonder if Angelina Jolie will have her leg sticking out of the gown during the wedding ceremony.
Dinner at Luke last night: cold burgers and fries, forgot my girlfriend's order. Gave us free desserts we didn't want.
I thought this was a picture of kitty cat! Imagine my surprise when I saw an actually cat. :P
When painter tells us about his dream About Lolling ..
shows are so good, aren't they?
Well Atleast How High Is On, So I'm Kinda Happy :)
Thank you. We are all pretty excited.
Well, yeah. Of course not. LOL
Started a pot roast this AM. Working from home. Never thought how hard this would be. 5 hours to go...
? What about a little THANK YOU to your #BELIEBERS :(
Pos get to work! RT : #latinos wearing #sxsw badges being "mistaken" for the help at #sxswi >>
Where is Conrad ???
Only two teams beat Kentucky so far this year, Indiana and Vanderbilt, the alma mater of IU slays UK again next week!
what an awesome, fun, and terrible way to end sxsw. ugh fucking love cory branan and lydia loveless
Supporters of the library aren't always in the library
There are different kinds of aggressiveness, and your kind isn't troublesome at all, IMHO. You see grey areas, which is a big help!
please don't take my sunshine away.
I think I would be scared to sleep if I was having dreams about Gerald Ford.=)
Chris Rock I think or same build as him(routine-w/ lots of %#@*%- is on Com Ch these days).
love you too.
Haha sure : cause im smart and I pay attention in class :p
#Kronum. A game if balance and adaptation. It's damp today. Go amphibian.
what u need son
State tournaments
Getting my high light in a few can't wait there blonde I'm so happy! yah huh
i realize that i have been off twitter for a long time
Amber Rose is his wife hahaha
Maybe she just likes Mike Smith because he rode Zenyatta
terrific! I'm looking forward to it. Keep up the good work.
here's who YOU should follow today: <3
Someone texted me last night who I haven't talked to in a long long time. But I was asleep. I feel bad when that happens.
I'm so tired of being notified by Facebook every time that uploads a new picture or status. Feelin like a
Thanks for the #NF!!
I teared up at the moment where she volunteered. Probably because she's showing much more emotion than described in the book.
can't wait I love everything scorsese
I get sick of girls fast
The snow is snowin the wind is blowin and I can't weather the storm oh what do I care how much it may storm? I've got my love 2 keep me warm
Hello tweeters :) I had a lovely birthday here in MI... Just Fabulous!!!!!!!
Don't mess with someone else's relationship just because you can't get one.
oh ok I'm srry a-
Happy new year everyone! :)
Nadaaaaaal ROCKS!!!!!! Let's see now Djokovic vs. Federer :))))
Omer never brought the ball above his shoulders, thats my biggest criticism of him
RT - is currently watching the Jacksonville Jaguars Season of 2010... they are so whack!
playing in first softball double header tonight
Orlando calling tickets coming up shortly, be sure to tune in! - The Valet
#rochmn the chorale just rehearsed Precious Lord for A Song for Sendai concert on June 15...100 people singing acapella...POWERFUL!
some crazy Sherlock fan went a bit too far trying to prove a Reichenbach Fall theory ...
just get your as up by 12 :) and I'll be there by 2 maybe.
Well...i seem to have lost my voice, but the good news is I sounded like prince in our demo session today. Not gonna complain about that.
cant wait to get another tat.! && readyy to get my dermals <3333333
I hardly ever use this anymore--mostly only when I'm replying to RAS! :D
#NowPlaying Eminem The Way I Am
Our 4th and 5th grade class made Root Beer today! Science can be refreshing and taste great!!
If Weeden was anything short of fantastic in practice today, the throng of #Browns media present would've been all over it.
The #NationlessWorld short film has been selected for chance to air on #PBS in NY. Public voting starts Sat at midnight. Need your support.
Good Morning Kings & Queens!
Maurice Sendak: Thank you for making bedtime magical.
We will not hit out Renewable Portfolio Standard w/o offshore wind according the Gov. O'Malley.
thanks for the retweet!
I certainly will :)
When everyone and everything is figuratively screaming gloom and doom, don’t buy into the hype. Walk the other way.via
Coldstone was a bad idea haha
I don't get why they don't sell jars of just the oreo creme filling. They'd make a killing.
Need to cool down? Madison's Cypress Spray Park will open at 2 p.m. today. The park at 902 Magnolia Lane features wet and a dry play areas.
oh stop you're gonna make my cheeks turn red!
Good mornin yall ... Remember than u can make anything right if u keep faith in whoever and wat ever ur dealing with
Today is the first day of the rest of my life, and because I am taking a break from work, it got a whole new meaning!
I am thinking that after seeing Oscar De La Hoya today at LA Live...it's probably a good thing that he retired because I could take him. ;)
#AtlanticWoW interviewed women leaders and found that all had a great failure story
New joints tonight!!!
Yes there is an online application. You can email if you have any questions @
NOBODY cares! Unless you're getting married and know you're going to spend the rest of your life with this girl, you can't talk about it
Never follows through... EVER
Romance novels? Danielle Steele? Harry Potter?
if only time travel existed and I could really deal with my past selves' awful romantic decision making!!
haha right. Dude are you going too UABB?
Looking for a list of upcoming #blogathons - any links?
lol i neevr talk to you!
The pollen is vicious today... Tearing up my allergies! Ugh
We're ready! See you there! “: Ok Twitter world, who is ready for NY Tech Day tomorrow?”
Chicago PMI Hits Lowest Level Since November 2009 - CNBC Business activity in the U.S. Midwest slowed more than expected in April, fallin
I am loving this cold weather! It's beginning to feel a lot like #Christmas!!
just found out I have a differential equations test tomorrow morning
Guys follow if you're from indonesia and if you will support Austin no matter what he do(;
Upper St Clair (my home) just named 1 of 10 best places to live by US News and World Report - Schools described as "superb" - rockin!
Can't sleep!
All alone at the top!
& it is difficult not to wonder if the rejections do not stem from a fundamental difference between me and this rising band of clerks.
Pops trippin, he want me to ask for my bike back, you know I wouldn't trip..
All nighter #2. Someone please save me from pulling my hairs out
A-Mazing. I can't wait to discuss with Kahlil!
Sometimes its easier to pretend your happy rather than explain why your not.
Thank you for the follow. I like your work!
Either Veteran's Park has weird play-friendly mud weeds or I'm gonna have rashes all over my body by sundown.
The next meeting will be Monday, July 12, 2010, 7p-8:30p at Lextant. We will be reading "Building Web Reputation Systems" Get your book now.
you unfollowed me
got a site to your animations?
They are so poor but so happy
Yes, in that Coke commercial. RT : Remember how Tyrese started off signing on that bus?
did you read that email too?
Banks going of
All these juniors taking the front parking spots.
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 15
Looking for
oh man, i already know YOU do...you're one of the most interesting men on the planet, more people should know who you are
that's awesome!! Have fun with it!
Our list of College/Pro players is growing...this is going to be a great summer of training. A lot of big names and big time prospects..
Showtime for tonights show has been moved to 8:30pm, Horizon Books!
Love it!
Mobiles as sensors for #opendata with at
Man im hella mad. I need to do something with my life. Lol jk
not as tense as watching the Raiders with a 14 point lead in the 4th quarter, though
Dude just told his dad he's having a sexual relationship with his car....really dude?
Free protein with our custom stacks going all week
Tomorow Pool Party ! What else ! 32 degrees on Paris !!
heading out to cameo with my girl kim kim..... lil brianna is goin to be doing her song marilyn monroe .....
criss cross will make ya wanna jump jump!!!
Reading the text and translations to Mahler's music makes for even better listening. Plus, learning German is fun!
Who wants to be my cuddle buddy!!!!;)
Heh. I thought that too. If it were my headline, I think I might have made it "Shorter U."
Go Big Mike..Im rooting for you:)
ordered wedding rings today. shit's getting real real.
im already being recruited to come out for UKs team
I walked out of my house, got in my car, started to drive and realized I forgot shoes.
Just followed to get SCOOP2012 information
Come to surrender tonight any ?s let me know lil Jon is spinning! Only
Edge Shave Gel, I like your crappy Old Spice knock-off meme commercial.
Check out The Ruby Room 2nite. Hip Hop, Adult beverages and beautiful women. Nuff said
Empathy is the antidote to shame.
Idk , what if weirdos see it and like save it lol. D;
RT Reusable content vision is sometimes blocked by not having an idea on possible reuses
Omg just had the hottest thai fried rice in the world!
Choosing a chicken Mini Soft Taco over the beef saves you 3 grams of fat and 24 calories.
If Nene mentions Glee one more time...
thanks for sharing your pictures - it means I can see the blossums even though I'm not there with you. :)
-drops F bomb- SJ IS HERE -dies-
+1 RT If I were to suggest one excel function you should know, it's vlookup. Helped me as product manager of 1000's of products
thank you for following us! please follow our sister twitter Chicago's event planner resource directory
finally biting the bullet and getting instagram. you had NO idea how many chowchow photos i take.
Why thank you, lovely!
You've gotta love yourself if you can ever love me..
Dean Cordell presented the Martin Fellows Smith Award to Emilie Blanchard, most outstanding student as chosen by faculty.
El Paso,Texas!! We are performing tonight at Lips Lounge!510 N. Stanton st. 79910
Politics, like theater, is one of those things where you've got to be wise enough to know when to leave.
Looking across the parking lot, it looks like Yogi's closed! Is this true Cardiff/Encinitas people? Looks very closed.
Yourthe most beautiful women in the world so sexy no matter what your size is
i think i need a trip to ann summers.
drooling over what
Scandal is awesome!!
Your negative attitude lately for starters maybe??? :p RT : I'm going to have to find something to give a fuck about.....
Who wants to kik though ??
You know it was a good weekend when you have Michael McDonald- I Keep Forgetting stuck in your head all day
“This Donut-Scented Car Air Freshener will more than pay for itself next time I get pulled over.”
Do your kids love ’s Buddy movies?! Those puppies are cute! Their back in Treasure Buddies! January 31st
When you tryin to get smashed in golf? Indoor or outdoor...
games in Texas jackass
for booking info email us at
lemme go find something to eat !! im hungry.
Please, train, get me downtown early enough that I can go get a coffee.
Getting jealous when your not even together /:
Forrest and Ellie are attending tonight. Are you? Raven Software is telling their story.
Love your appearance on Daily Show... Great appearance and solid promo for iFart... Congrats
so dope!
my dad says the same
twitter is stressing out right now? UHM... okay.
what up!! :) its been a minute
i do..lol
and I think the hand In question was No one else was dressed like a sorbet flavor. ;)
Thanks to for the follow.
its hot as fuck
I find that Bose headphones make a good muffler.
Nearly two-thirds of internet users – 65% – have paid to download or access some kind of online content from the internet
must be done!
You treat me like a stranger and it feels so rough.
RT : News: Docs warn about Facebook use & teen depression in American Academy of Pediatrics social media guidelines...
#fracking has been done safely in #WV for over 50 years. I didn't start tweeting until misinformation started.
3 hour Marching Band practices are difficult with only two water breaks.
Listening to music
Follow Flight of the Fallen . Do it!
Day of Remembrance. Go America, go Titans, and go to Bring Me The Horizon on the 26th!
Chemistry finals revkew and funsheet<sleep and relaxing:-)
I remember mine; it was 23 seconds ago.
Cant sleep and still havent thought of a research project smh.
Trying to get your attention?
#NSMN panel: consideration of #NFL stoppage puts pressure on planned NFL-themed retail activation RIGHT NOW. Tick tock.
yes sir! Will definitely be in NYC the weekend of Apr 15th ;)
Why can't #Everton get some half decent crosses in near #Liverpool's toss keeper? Or some shots?
My evil plan worked! Muahahaha.
give it your best shot! Eat plenty, we'll make more :)
That feeling you get when you just got your eyebrows waxed >>>>>>>
hope you are enjoying your time in GA and SC. We're praying for your recovery. It was great to see you on the video.
#Chiefs fans Redzone at 6pm on 1310 in HD for TWC customers. Live from the TWC Hall of Honor! Leif and Baldy.
Home > class
Sounds like fun! RT going to see One For The Money tonight with !
"Look what you did you little jerk!"
YOU ROCK ARI!!!
Thanks for the RTs!
lol. Ok mom
Hahahhahahahah thats funny(: but did u see the biebs in concert when he was there
have to say...not many women are as knowledgeable as u are..to feel better, just know Tyson & Barrera are done too...
Tom Bradley is a class act. Good Luck Tom.
Hey Thomas! What is your favorite sport and what team is your favorite?
Sorry guys, I'll be in Raystown PA, and it looks like I'll be flowing the Allegrippis trails all alone. Have fun!
use KeyPass or whatever app you want to create random password on your account, dont install app on phone, disconnect :-)
Spread so thin ... No idea what to nourish and what to let die
Show number three of "Seven Against Thebes" tomorrow. Come on down to Fort Greene Park at 2pm. We're getting great reviews!
The barndance boogie? Yes please.
Excited for partnership!
I say three years. it isas near as I can measure the time
RT if you follow back. :]
Go out there and watch "MONEYBALL"!!!! It's getting our SAG vote!!!!
“: Holy Jesus ! Daniel turned 21 today !” tell him I said Happy Birthday!! :D
fixed it!
Kudos to our friends , Plano Civic Chorus and Richland College Chamber Singers for a transcendent Carmina Burana tonight!
he loves u ? Wow no I'm not single been with my boy almost two years ;)
haha sorry I'll DM you what I need to say
it would mean the world to me if you would come to portland oregon!
You have an awesome program!!! Really enjoyed it tonight
that was on the spot thinking that was!
Knicks got the win
Wishing I could take a jog outside, but my back is suggesting otherwise. Oh well, plenty of work to be done!
FUCK YEA!! GIANTS WON!
like there's no need to talk about him or any one that I like just because you don't like me. He's so sweet and doesn't deserve hate (c)
Yes. Yes it should. RT Just found out it's
Headed to Citizens Bank Park to hit some "Home Runs For Heart"!
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver. - Tom Peters
Hahahaha. Did you make crystal do it?
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Butler GUM Dental Pics and most oral care products.
Could not believe True North was on Colbert Report last night
Get to second base and you win
lol the chills bro...I know who else gets them right? :)
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
is twitter not blocked in taiwan??? sweet. cute kids!
and twitterlessamy dont love me enough to buy me a dilly bar ):
Finished The Rivals by late last night. LOVED IT!
Thanks for the great info yesterday about becoming a Marketing Service Provider. You have to bring value!
terrible experience. Flight attendant offers no help, is completely rude and very nasty. Very upsetting.
Joseph--Nothing ever happned in the past that can prevent you from being present now.
lol yea thank God it was
Thank you for the mention.
Finally broke out the Christmas CDs last night, because of my "No Christmas music until after Thanksgiving" rule. #she&him
Not this time for #alamw12, but you'll have app access to your Connect schedule starting with
and i didnt mean finish it completely in one day just at least shoot it
Not yet exactly. We have to do this science thing. We're making fucking airplanes.
"Life weighs a ton. That's why I love the water. Nothing weighs anything there." --The Taste of Salt
In the mix Tuesday #SteppinOut at Lucky Lounge and #Inspired Thursday at Paradiso. New monthly starts 4/21 at The Rocksteady details coming.
Was there a Groupon available? (It's prob passed.) I'd love to do it up right, but not if it's super 'spensive.
i LOVE that song. the wanted. <3
you thank him?
I love my 3 best friends, but I love love one of them.
I agree with you I think they make a strong run to repeat with Alex Archie cauly and the returning players maybe 2 or 3 others
yeah ik i will slap you at school!!-:) unicorn
Just tapped #Breckenridge Christmas.....so good!
The first 200 slots are taken at - incredible demand! Watch tomorrow - we may release a few additional seats!
Tweeting from my Kindle in the middle of Haiti... awesome.
I'm not like most men my age. I'm so ahead of my time.
Yes I like it!
mt dv 4 is BLAZING fast when auto updating wordpress files compared to 3.5
I will have this stuck in my head all night! MT : Pete the Cat & His Four Groovy Buttons top the best seller list!
Bunnies, #RedMarlin brunch & egg hunts for #Easter celebrations ! Call for more info & reservations: 6192241234
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #AUBREYCROWNE meeting cody, alli and tom was the BEST DAY OF MY LIFE just wannted you to know :) <3
Join us for one of the best happy hours in DC in our fabulous louneg! 4-7pm, $5 sushi, apps, drinks; great deals on signature cocktails!
Fun to give some love on today. (Giving free publicity counts toward the fund drives, right?)
The white sand surroundin' us,he'd be handcuffin,he should walk 4 them officers!
I can't wait to leave here and never look back...
thanks for the follow! followed ya back :)
Long ass day
In other news, I miss you. What ever happened to your making a Skype???
RT : Lmfao im crying RT : niggas couldn't wait til i dropped my old twitterboo to claim him. i see you.
Wanting to go home v.v
followed me eeeppp im abolut to scream erase that just did OMG :O im so shocked and happy!!!<3
Might be tough to put with a Republican. :P RT get it.
Just joined Twitter help!
The dream of home ownership is available at a price U can afford, once U get educated!
Sounds perfect! Send pictures if you find one!
Marshall-ism of the Day: You simply cannot blame anyone or anything for causing you to be, think or respond in a certain way.
The Most Necessary Piece of Paper in One's Job Search — Varsity ...
crazy rain here in San Diego! I wish it was a thunderstorm... I dig thunder.
See, those are good pranks. I can't remember what ours was.
tweet us the name of your favorite pie variety and we'll sweeten your day with 2 tickets to see Tiger and Woods at this Saturday!
Parenting magazine and the NBA are joining forces to promote family fitness!
can you just come to england or somewhere around here so I can stop being so depressed. Hm.
Contemplating Setting Up an In House Document Scanning Dept? Tweet me for a complimentary report on the Total Cost of Scanning In House
Moss is such an awesome plant
did ya send over the stuff for that new #mixtape ?
Any turkey pizza on the menu today?
thanks for the support Sun! Big ups from the Bay!
Dane County Exec names Capitol Police Chief Charles Tubes new director of DC emergency management. Begins June 4
Come Farragut on these tacos Farragut Square, or be square!
follow me :D
I Wanna Get Lost And Never Be Found!
this is why i fly commando
Diary queen! The perfect day for it!
This is why we love the #Drifter team!! The creator just sang live on the Podcast because of donations!
u guys r the best show I have ever watched plz come to Rochester new York so I can watch your show
Sometimes we are looking for something new, knowing that we can not live without the old
Tip on how to save money: KNOW WHAT YOUR ARE SPENDING! Put a tracking method in place immediatly!
It's time to get naked ... it's hot AF 😫
ok, I won't. I'll hit you up when I'm going to head over!
Can we still book your special even if we're not bachelorettes? We love a good #deal especially with food!
omg. Finally. You'll do an ustream when I'm awake. Thankyouuu. it will be my first time to watch you live. <3. #35mins. :D
hell yeah that's when the fonz barfed!
Life is Beautiful!!!!!!
There is no other organization I'd rather work for right now. This is surreal.
.: Many makers see OSHW as an avenue to obtain feedback on their projects.
Cain goes right after Romney in heated campaign
E.M. Forster on Matthew Arnold: "he was consistent, and happy in the way a doctor is happy when he has diagnosed a disease"
"Chewie, I got a bad feeling about this." -- Han, just before administering the Galactic Assessment System (#GAS).
The whiskey sour, classic and otherwise, at the Trestle Inn on Callowhill Notorious is the word most often associated with the old J&J Tr
Couldn't agree more! :D
so dope! Great surprise seeing you at the vma's :] <3
It's not what i feel about him, it's what I don't feel for anyone else.<3
This woman at taco bell makes me never want to yell at a child, ever. Yelling and cursing a storm about child support- take that outside...
Bill Katz on Lowry gang: "There is a long tradition of lacks and Indians fighting together and fighting for freedom."
LMAO! Need you to shoot a viral in the studio on Tuesday brodie
btw instead of picking up the suit I spent 300 bucks on a head to toe captain America outfit.
they all moved here from Wisconsin
DiCaprio's new cause-centric website launching in the next several weeks
ur not following me anymore !!? xD
Denton says Thanks for Poised Creation!
and I miss you... Solution: set up a tour. :)
#Autism advocates
I often wonder what it would be like to run outside in the morning pant-less and scream at the top of my lungs, "WHAT'S GOING ON?!!"
This is perfect weather for watermelon - yum
I've been waiting to go grub all day, all I've eaten today is a cookie ha.
Lol. Tis so true. Play like I'm trying to keep my tour card! :) couldn't reply to your MSG for some reason..
hey guys i think im going to make a ICONic Boyz story so i need girlfreinds for these Iconic boyz: Mikey, Jason, Madison, Thomas louis and
First pitch at 1:00 PM, let's pack the Mack #GatorNation. And skies, if you would like to clear up we would greatly appreciate it.
Playing @ Hotel Indigo off West End @ 7:30 with and Eli Rhodes.... Come Hang With Us!!!
Wade is MURDERING Landry Fields.....
wait, my sister's birthday is 2 days after...still gotta finish getting her presents
Goodnight ladies(:
Yeah, I probably should have warned you about that. :)
hola, cafecito w/ ur favorite cubanito... what do u say? get on the next flight to paradise ;-)
Pls RT: #truetwit validation only validates you're not Twiiter savvy. Cut it out.
i would suggest calling them to see what more you can be doing 877-845-6272. That is the recruiting coaches main line
I make it rain on them hoes!
Just looked at a picture I took of my daughter today and it hit me she'll be a high schooler in 6 weeks. Is there some pollen in here?
Would someone please check in with Taylor to verify her vitals? Thanks!
generally cruising in the 70mph range - you have to watch out for turtles.
Congrats Lee! RT : The Legacy of David Foster Wallace edited by Lee Konstantinou F'11 now available from U of Iowa Press
Happy Mothers' Day...: )
The only way I know that cares about me is if he follows me. ;)
I retweet at least 3 times a day.
Drinking pepsi reminds me of the state fair!
I have to say I am a little upset with Mitt Romney for his proposal to sign executive order to block Obamacare as president, week America!!!
is badly in need of sanctuary.
Retweet if you think glorious America has come from the loins of the female Christ and that her umbilical cord was tied to the stars
I am part cat for loving to curl up in the sun. I am reassuringly human and nerdy for making it 2x enjoyable by reading a book
loves dick
New Icon And Back Ground !! :D
How's it all going? I'm guessing you're pretty busy. Nice meeting you at the #broadwaybullet interview.
Freelance Flex Architects / AS2 work with an ongoing project for a Fortune 100 co.
Get It Gone Estate Sales is a pro full-service estate sale company in Denver, CO. Call us and let us handle the details.
sorry I thought you meant at the stadium.
Take 3 deep breaths, too bad that doesn't do anything
Those wheelie things are dangerous? Man, remember when Ryan Mallett used one?
Uuuuuuhhhh MR. MINISTER OF MUSIC! STOP IT! NOOOOOOWWW!!!!!!!!!!
I think it's a real injustice that just because I moved from Austin to the DFW area the coast is now 90 minutes further away!
Anyone in #Milwaukee have a Kombucha SCOBY they would part with? I want to make my own KT.
Physically and mentally drained. I feel as if I haven't slept in a century, yet I probably couldn't sleep to save my life right now...
It's official. I watched all of Star Trek: The Next Generation during my last semester of grad school. *Tear*
happy thanksgiving!!
Hey everyone! A notification system has now been added. You can receive emails when someone likes/comments/follows!
you are so bad
NH Legislator worried what #mpfa legislation would have in states without a sales tax.
Whitney's mom is probably in the utmost and unbelievable state of shock & grief. God bless her.
Damn mosquitos. RT : Mosquitoes have killed more humans than all the wars in history.
Thanks for the follow Tuck! Right back at you :)
With 2015 fast approaching, someone should really launch a chain "Cafe 80's" themed restaurants.
Honored to have been recognized in magazine Top 50 National Event Companies
Thank you all for coming out to the Toast To Newark's Future! thank you for your support!
Half Price Wine, Beer & Sushi from 4-6pm Daily!
I found Helvetica Medium in my coffee this morning.
I can't controll it
cause god it just feels so good
Wow! Look at this!! RT NO PRICE INCREASE, Early Bird 5% Discount, Earn 3% back on your tickets, Free Parking (1/2)
#SAGES2012 Join us for seafood on the Bay! 1360 North Harbor Drive
you're an excellent travel partner. Thanks for putting up w/ me & for the Imodium. :P Knock'em out in Bogotá w/ !
pizza express doesn't deliver? Must be why English people aren't as fat as us, your pizza is healthy (ish) and you have to walk to get it
Here we go! Answer Q and we'll have a voting poll 4 best answer. What is your favorite thing about balloon season in #ABQ?
For this month we are switching it up on our social media! Stay tuned in January for 30 reasons to love the BBA.
journals due tonight!
Had to watch the replay of Gamel running over the catcher a couple times.
Oh the looks I just got...smh
and I are not to be messed with. ;)
It's funny because I don't remember the last time either of those cities ever won anything.
Right outside the door
I believe liking everything on Facebook is necessary.
RT 👊RT : Left Foot!..let me get a RT..im ya biggest fan.. "This that Lincoln Town Car funk" lol
Ok so all of NFL wearing pink this weekend except Patriots, do they always have to be DB's???
Part of my legs are red, some of my face is red, an my shoulders are burnt bad.
Did you know we're collecting lightly used purses 4 #Help4Hygiene? Yes, gather those handbags& donate 2 a woman in need. Ask how!
Had trouble sleeping last night. Then slept through the alarm. Got to work too early. Hopefully this pint of coffee will balance it out.
I'd like to start my day without coming across another expert on the future of higher/online ed. Is that possible?
6 mos. too late RT In a surprising move for a politician, Santorum does what's good for the cause, not what's good for himself.
The #pen is my
Ur happy, I'm happy. Ur sad, I'm sad. Ur mad, I'm mad...
i dont even know, ive never felt this way before, but with someone like you it make sense <3 and i dont wanna go ill stay with you forever
Oops forgot I was flying Southwest and didn't check in, I'm C20 lol
how did u do the cancer symbol by your namee?
Selection Time! GIVE US THE INVITE! GO RAMS!
Did a few weeks ago at a local show but no performance! Are you!?
not watching them.. can't stand the Heat
Q: What's a guitar players idea of honesty in a relationship? A: Telling you his real name. www.Distrophonix.com
popcorn style /cc
This ia slightly unproductive for job hunting.. but alas.. something to do besides continual job hunting.
We will be tweeting live updates for the Butler game tonight.
GOT to hustle hard to day. Shit got to do that everyday.
Ok. The Audi #commercial was disturbing.
why would I want that, I don't have an ipad
Hii Stephanie ! Can I Get A Follow ?
the shoes ? at Bakers
Anthony Davis' unibrow could have sang a better national anthem.
Hahaha, and I love reading your mind! ;)
SexTip: Nothing kills a relationship more than predictability and boredom.
YOU DONT EVEN KNOW! i want to be ginger, argh im jealous
Watching some video in psych with this lady screaming about her father jamming crayons in her sisters vagina hole
What's wrong w/ Kobe?
MG bro it gose so hard!
hey, while you're playing on Friday, will be in the stands (right behind pen. box) cheering on HER !
starting the fire homie
I feel like we've only heard the tip of the iceberg on the info from Braun case. Just hope we get more answers sooner rather than later.
I need that!
And now I might buy 5 pairs of
One small step 4 residents! Palmetto Bay council accepts Councilman Tendrich's request 2 put Palmer Court decision on website thx Howard!
Do woman lie as much as men do??? Lemme kno wht yu think... topic for this song I'm bout to record called "Faithful"... W.O.R.D.
I've hired monkeys to do my tweeting. I expect a marked uptick in the coherence factor.
Too bad we couldn't take advantage of the PP, but we've had good success in the shootout recently. Here's to two points tonight!
ugh some people these days .... gosh just makes me want to hit someone
New website is coming full of rooftop gardens in NYC and NJ. Get ready to see lots of our new work :)
I love her hair!! It very fiery lol! I wanna meet her 2! :)
lolololol I wanna go next time
Yeah, we use AT&T Uverse, which is FTTN. But it is still a good service and plenty fast for us.
Had a great time at #VegasSpringSocial yesterday. Thanks for letting us participate!
just take it off twitter tho bro
Rode hard yesterday --- feeling it today!
What if you set up a live webcam and broadcast yourself self-publishing for the world to see?
#Celtics and #Bulls game....should be a good one, if the Celts don't screw the pooch
Oh, how great Your love is for me.
Morning world alot on my mind is racing like Jeff Gordon
Amazing. Adele doesn't need lasers, firestorms, exploding bustiers or flying monkeys.
Every avenue is so good. Damn
agree. It's a time of re-discovery and innovation. Those scared fail to adapt and ultimately perish.
Kill her RT : Wearing my Blake griffin 'hope' shirt and some girl asks, "is that kris humphries?" I've never been so offended...
haha. It's not the first time I've woken up not knowing where i am.
"I threw a wish in the well, dont ask me i'll never tell.." haha! now its back in your head! you're welcome!
YES!-->RT Before you go to sleep, say thank you. When you awaken, say thank you. ~
I appreciate the new follow..... its an honor....
RT - "The explosive patriots offense will face a great Miami dolphins team".....then the broncos v. Raiders hahahaha.
KMR's twitter name is :) Just thought I would share so everyone can see the results from home. So proud of !
call me!!
manamana :P you're great
I thought it was "Dr. Suess Does a Who?"
I wish i was there man! Ugh!
RT - Mr.Gibson im sorry but the new england patriots are not named after your movie the Patriot
RT : Get your tickets for the Milwaukee Film Festival! The festival runs Thursday, September 22nd through Sunday,......
I'm a juggler today; blog, column, food business, help hubby w/ copy for new website - AND kiddo home sick with cold... energy shot needed!!
That's the truth. They are masters at demanding our attention.
yyyyaaaayaya IZ is coming w/ me
no not yet lol but later on today im going to get my lip pierced :) I'm really excited
#houston 1 in 100 Teens Involved in Sexting Although teen sexting is a subject of controversy, new research suggests concern about
I did enjoy, a lot. Guerilla Marketing is my game.. and any way to expand my knowledge, I'm in. Ill be picking up your book.
Just realized the stress I'm feeling has a name... Dead Week.
awe thank you! Means a lot honestly all you #moms4bieber are truly amazing! Thank you!
"I got you babe" "there ain't no mountain we can't climb."
yayayayayya i think i got some info about them!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We fucking love you guys.
If you say so :) *cough-iwin-cough*
Now let's pick up tomorrow's rubber match with Greinke and win a series for a change.
whats good wit it
comeon it's not that cold... Well at least not compared to phx...
Even the blind can see the truth through my eyes
woo me neither
Wine & cough drops. Current state or a really good name for a band....
The "soft touch" car wash was right quick and actually started before their 8a opening.
how are you enjoying the show?
oh. Gotcha how are finals going?
take ya ass bck to sleep lol
What's up with all my friends in Vegas the past few days lol take me with you dammit
RT : "A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life."
I swear to high I'm not God.
Last Berklee private guitar lesson. This is surreal.
off topic- Glee and Modern Family are the funniest shows on television right now, lol... great for a brain vacation. :)
Happy New Year!!!!!
I'm listening to the new Blink 182 also! Listened to it like 10 times now.
"I feel like we're on Jersey Shore."--James Lloyd, Rice SA President, 2005-2006
“: Add up all of Brandon Inge's check swings and you have a full swing and a miss.”
up all day
In D-town son!!
just finished Nisha's hair wyd????
#disney , if you really want to make a difference that you should make a #princess with no hair symbolizing #cancer. RT 2 help make it happn
Brafton #CEO how's my #LinkedIn Profile look? If I was you I would look at the #SEO staff. Is anyone over 40 years old?
At the time of the Baylor game Texas was a top 5 D in the country. Ended the season at #11 overall, #1 in Big12.
TUNE IN TO MY NEW TRACKS NOW
Can't believe Ellen's left American Idol. She was the main reason I watched again! But I'll probably tune in for Steve Tyler and JLo...
congrats Ellen!
oh well Paris is a pretty city  & everyone met there to be neutral
Gr8 old-school hang tonight at Archeojazz Fest in France!The gig was fun and the partying was too...hard to keep up with Kirk Lightsey,LOL!
So hey guys :) we made this page just for our favorite person <3 shes so amazing! and i hope you help us support her Thanks xo
#DOPE when eryody know your name
yes I am! It was cool.
So wonderful to meet you, thanks for participating. Wish I could've stayed for everything, will be poring over the tweets when home
has never had a twinkie :O
Careful with your gift choice. Our friendship is on the line.
ill go with you!
Happy Birthday! Mas Put!!!
Yes! Great work CrashChord and
This. RT I wish Obama would come out in favor of democratic organizations not emailing me for money 17 fucking times a day.
Turning Technologies Response cards being used in session- 25% not famlr with action learning (150 people in room)
#YouKnowHerCoochieStink if she wears Leggins everyday!
S/O to my boy
word! let us know what you think we have a ton of youtube vids up!
Maybe he had to go to the bathroom, like not sick bathroom. If you no what i mean.
Are you an author or an illustrator? Get listed at: www.illustratorauthor.com -- That's where I get a bunch of speaking gigs from.
Great minds!
I Tried Callin' You On You B-day.
#Makesmelaugh my Cat makes me Laugh :)
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 57
i dont know how to play it!
He was doing great for Egypt earlier in his ruling time but a lot changed after that.I missed till only 3 years ago.
Fat Insecure American Tourist!!
Great effort by asik just superb
Although not a superpower, if I could make my hand glow, that would b cool.
That's cool! Send me a link of your favorite song/performance. I'd love to check it out!
You will have to contact whoever blocked you
At one of several open houses on Mt Helix today.
Who wants to make 500 dollars a week from home without selling anything...hit me up
(That was our 1,000th tweet, by the way. We've come a long way in our social media usage!)
It's really gratifying to hear that we are making our e-books easy to get and use. Thanks so much for saying so!
you're ridiculous. Shut your mouth when you're talking to me.
#TipsForLadies dressing more provacative will get you the wrong attention, if you want his attention go up to him..what do you have to lose
"You are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus."~Galatians 3:26
In contrast, general market prefers police dramas, situation comedies, science fiction and evening animation.
Who else is at the Orioles game?
Interview with Center for Digital Government...the best line, "we aren't a one hit wonder."
After a nap, i'm still so tired from mijas bday. But i'm so happy she had a great time :-)
the Krikoran in Riverside is the theatre the cast and crew of Act Naturally frequented whilst shooting.
im very proud to say my 3yr old can write out the alphabet and numbers up to 22... but damn those tots are stubborn to teach!
That one definitely puts the weird in Weird Wednesday. Pure insanity!
um, AWESOME!
Just beat zelda in under an hour
I won't ever do Zumba again at the #gym. I'm all achey /: but, going back tomorrow ((:
All our pain and sweat was for this moment right now.
haha i know! 😝
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you ! we loveU10
The biggest challenge is to be yourself in a world that tries to convert you in someone else.
New music from yeah when it comes out, my mom's gonna wish I didn't have a stereo system in my room #CantWait <3
#liber2011 Lightning presentations (live!) by poster authors. Good idea.
REAL GENIUS and MAJOR LEAGUE are both great movies I loved as a kid. Have fun!
Also the countdown to Ruby Redbird has begun! Anyone seen it yet? It is supposed to be out sometime in April!
Hollins, Diaw and Fesenko, and we are back to contend mode! buy out JO. Wilcox and Dooling.
We're impressed! #litchat RT : Christian Duce; he's at DC and he worked with me on Kade. another incredible talent.
Just got played on The Bay Area's Top Radio Station Live 105's Soundcheck. Cheers Aaron, you the man.
oh that's good :) are you gonna like, go to the beach?
Thanks for the follow! We hope you are as excited as we are about the release of the clothing line!
The quest for love, is a road that the heart travels with bleeding steps. Moken Nunga
I'm disappointed the Beach Boys didn't sing "Moves Like Jagger". That's my jam!
Interesting matchup for #VCU against Wichita St.
I may not be perfect, but I love everything about myself, family and my dearest friends, and I truly appreciate everything I have
can't wait to hear your excuses
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Mon, May 7 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
yeah i did funnyhuh...:-*
I don't have my phone just tell me loll
“ “ Create your own wealth!! Take your passion and go as far as you can with it. The results will surprise you.”
I refuse to believe that school is starting again.
About to watch start my second rotation. :D yay!!! 😷💉💊
Nice! You all have had your first basecamp party! Grafik Hosting @ SWSX Love it.
that block was Huge
I said the Lakers were going to win 1 in Denver. That's all they needed and they did it. Great game.
I wonder what is up to...
Yeah it's the student film festival or whatever. Are you coming?
5 Reasons Businesses Should Support Their Employees' Personal Brands
Good News: I love coupons!
Awesome Mike looking forward to it!
IM JUST IN SHOCKED OVER THE SAD NEWS ABOUT WHITNEY HOUSTON. YOU WILL BE MISSED:,o(
Yeah. Like that scene from The Accused. Wasn't rape-y enough for me.
If you're not doing this while you work, you're missing out! The simplest, most important thing I've done for my homebiz:...
RG3 would have started law school in 4th @ Baylor? Draft Day could B very interesting!
Sometimes you gotta get on your knees & 🙏
"The Brides of Beverly Hills," that Eileen Stars in Episode 11 & I Guest Star in will begin airing on TLC on Oct. 28
so we got put in a list that is titled awesome artist list...dude I am so smiling right now...awesomeness!!
lol a while ago but we were talking about it lol
Gonna' be slutty & give head to my pillow in about 3 seconds.
just bought the domain name scanmanapp.com! COMING SOON :)
Haha I love how you crop out...Her.(:
you were in my dream last night, and you were getting married! Lol
French Quarter Final 4: What's the over/under on drunk fans getting teabagged?
For every smile there is one big fat tear behind closed doors
Looking for resources on official university policies/guidelines regarding the #accessibility of online courses
Writing the most hilarious cover letter I can possibly write for a freelance writing position.
5 Tips to Becoming a Top Blog in Your Industry
I was in Kindergarten when you were born! I officially feel old as hell LOL
What to wear tonight...
complains heavily on #politicsInThePhilippines is almost always falling on deaf ears cc: listen
If you're someone who gets annoyed at Hollywood remakes of foreign films or books, do u also get annoyed when McDonalds releases the McRib?
Just took the routine pre show nervous poo. Ready to rock.
Newborn basics: make sure you have a rectal thermometer available & are comfortable using it if/when your newborn gets a fever.
Treading world wide #club mixx taco Tuesday. Leggo
it is done!! Beer and meat anything better??
Jeffrey Allison from gave an amazing workshop today at ! Thanks to all who attended. We learned a lot & we hope you did too!
Latter day Iphigenia. That's why I love this show.
Say hi to for me.
Wow so is that how the Lakers going to win? Pay off the refs?
": Hello world, welcome to a New Era of Computing #IBMPureSystems">>it's today, it's today!!
Thank u for a great night with some of the best service I've ever had! Portland just keeps getting better & better!!
We're only 8 weeks away from the Heartland Worship Inst. Don't miss out...register now @ www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
Grave Encounters is a freaky movie.
I thought of that this morning as my son's iPad stopped working: Technology as consumable.
happy to be of service. :) And technically, you said "yep". ;)
RT Watching Miss Universe just reminded me why i love 1080HD thanks Directv
Here is your real #GAPeach and following all.
i gave all a chance ...but when i reach out for help they just spit on my hand ....its ok ..trust me its ok
San Diego peeps! I'll be at The Mad House Comedy Club tonight 8pm, come out if you live near by :)
i feel like givin up on life lol
Jay-Z -- I Support Gay Marriage
Enjoying the #womensnetwork event on Personal Branding at featuring
Huge deals on poker products!! Up to 75% off!! www.eproducts4less.biz
You know, it amazes me how badly gays are treated by society as a whole. Yet we treat each other even worse...
are we still on for tomorrow?
The infamous wild Chihuahua packs that rove the streets of Savannah. Watch those ankles.
RT for a shoutout <33 ;*** (must follow me, I'll follow back) :D :]
I was going to wear a normal shirt, but in the spirit of the last day of Winter-een-mas, I decided to wear a Legend of Zelda shirt instead.
smirkenstein "I'm not a modern artist. I mean, my work comes from an older place." David Best on his Burning Man temples:
Someone give Romney and Santorum some boxing gloves!
these next few days are about to be real real real real real
"Not building a wall, but making a brick."
Hulk VS., Marvel finally releases a decent animated DVD. Hulk vs Thor + Hulk vs Wolvie. A 2-fer, not bad 3.5 out of 5
Tickets to the Wisconsin Football Spring Game are $5. Proceeds benefit UW Center for Nonprofits.
Doughnuts. Is there anything they can't do?
what time will that be? Nothing il be sleeping. I still have to come back tonight. 😞
#FOLLOWMEALEX my follow button is lonely
oh no! Sending hugs, lot's of hugs, and virtual soup. I hope you feel better soon!
Just found fantastic bahn mi shop 1 block from my apartment. How did I not know?!!?
not as good as VEEP doe, VEEP is too fucking funny!!!
So awake! #aprilfools ... I'm always tired!
Agree!": lols it's just a hair style in that case nicki minja stole brandys hair style then"
Delmon Young and Miguel Cabrera are going to get along just fine in Detroit.
Tested positive for performance enhancing drugs. A lot of speculation however. Uh Oh...what did Ryan Braun do?
To be fair, it could be that celebrities rumored to be gay are bisexual and in open relationships.
in the time that the Texans have been in the. NFL the Texans and the hefferboys have won the same amount of playoff games.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. Lol
Taken. Married. or Gay
Is it weird to feel uncomfortable around your Family
we put a lot of work into making it work just like that. You ONLY need a connection to BUILD. Offline sync all else
funk your mother
Just got the best gift in the world <3
sketching concepts for new clients!!!!
Justin Bieber had Vlados on in his music video
Icarnt sleep so I stalk people from , and
Visalus is speeding with no sign of slowing down! Pampered Chef, 31 Gifts, Amway, Shaklee,time to make some REAL money &get healthy...
DONE ILL SEND YOU SOMETHING SOON
Info from HMP Metrics reports is being published in Becker's Hospital Review! Message us for more details.
I heart Warren Buffet.
of his original vampire siblings...
I'm sorry I can't... Somebody stole my effort in wanting to do so..I think it was #laziness lmao
We're in Denver at #astd2012 great show!
R.I.P. to R.E.M. The rock group announced yesterday that they have decided to call it a day.
Somewhere out there, Nicki Minaj is having a bacon sundae.
RT: “: Just got twitter...damn it I missed all the action between y ! LoL *naughty naughty”
now that would be fun. Alas, JFK-LAS isn't quite a trip to the Antarctic.
A rapper coming out in support of gay marriage is almost more shocking than the President doing it.
Oh btw saw your pics you all look AMAZING!!! shall be forwarding to mum, looking forward to round 2!!!
It was our pleasure! Thanks for joining us for dinner at SkyCity!
a good time lol
yes in baltimore, think we'd do well there? how are you?
Do you have photos of scenes, people, places around DC? We are looking for you. Share it on Our City Film Festival's FB page and win!
how did blazers look? I don't have comcast!
and may 5th is also cinco de mayo :3 two holidays on my birthday
so sorry to miss it, as I will be in Phoenix. :(
I think they do.. I want to try the new Confetti cake blizzard..ok how soon can u get here ? :) lol
because women allow it to happen.
": #WeWontWorkOutIf you don't put in effort."
YES. “: A Cino de Mayo reunion with and - Indy you've been warned!”
Drinks. You. Me. Discuss.
#GoTribe Cant wait for Thursday
haha never mind
I wonder if #OliveGarden has any specials for dinner tonight.
. I hope the Judge lets Shannon be Shannon :-)
Love the new brisk commercial
Oh so NOW Haymitch's secret comes out. He's been hiding in that liquor bottle the whole time.
hey girl!
it's all fun and games until you have to go pick them all up
We're on twitter! Check us out !
we need to take an afternoon an play with some of these things-
Sexii can i
Seriously. He's making my week better.
I don't know how its NOT Malkin. But we shall see I guess. And agree on Stamkos thing.
What a good night... 😭
no freaking way he was my favorite wowowow
Trying with all my heart soul mind & strength not to get on the #Tebow bandwagon. But I hate the Pats and I love some Broncos fans.
Sorry, Tubular Bells beats Power Corruption & Lies any day! :-)
I'd recognize that union attitude anyday -- how are you Robin! which union are you with my friend?
Wtf are we watching though?
Walking faster, dressing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
I do love how big and blue the lake is.
Funny how I RT'd 's cat post and I come home from work to find a kitten in my apt. Honestly! #Truestory!
I promise to pray for you everyday, ask for your forgiveness, & grant you the same, I promise to be your friend.
Wish I was at
We're playing our newest song 'Number in Blood' this Friday. It's kinda White Stripes meets System of a Down with a sprinkle of Kylie.
Just rec'd video of the puppy I had to rehome due to #breastcancer. Miss him so much, but he is happy and doing well. <3 u, Gabriel. Tears.
Buffalo loses!!!! #Panthers are back in the playoffs!!! May not go that far but I believe!!!
Sitting at a Terminal at JFK, so rainy here too, but headed to sunny LA! Shame you're getting London weather here :-/
Haven't watched the NBA in awhile. But right now The Heat have Lin on the run, they are shaking up their whole squad.
The kids are riding an ice-cream buzz. Not sure the wife and I will survive this one.
I'm assuming you mean that awful security!
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names. -Chinese Proverb
PLEASE ADD MASS! THAT WOULD SATISFY EVERYONE IN THE NORTHEAST!!
ahh gotcha. due to a lot of family stuff going on I haven't been catching the mind aware series live this time around.
Be proud ladies, I wore the grey leopard skinny jeans out to the bar tonight.
Enjoyed hearing and on and John Laurenti on WZLX during my visit to Boston
Stretching your muscles before exercising warms them up and prevents them pulling and tearing.
Bro bought pizza home tonight ' know i went HAM!
a women worth some anger... is certainly worth some effort...
Scored 111pts off the word ”jive”. He can't be happy about that.....hahaha
tomorrows finally friday <3
And if you had a good reason to then go on about your business. I'm guessing ungrateful brat!.
No one cares what you are smoking.
Have to start gettin ready for work :)
Just casually re-stacking the shelves in hmv everywhere 😜 just spreading the love ❤
I was very polite after I got my frustration out in my "loud voice." Another appt for the 24th. Yep, another week of bad cable.
Ayyyyy, UK+Spain this summer!!!!!
probably not. im trying to save my money for the crazy week me and jade do in july lol you should come to the ohio shows
You get some new ink???
will do when i can :D
Sure! Thanks for the invite..
chillin baby that's all
Yeah it looks nice. Hopefully we take a series win this weekend
CRIMINAL MINDS IS UNBELIEVABLE RIGHT NOW 😱🔫
SKINS FEST FILM Workshop taking place at USC Institute for Media Literacy. LAUSD Accredited and pay. June 22 thru July 3rd
I love the way your pussy tastes baby; damn you're so fucking sweet. I'm about to put a finger in; here taste how sweet you are! ;)
: just be lying!
Isn't it funny how when you stay in or don't go out so you may rest is the one night ur sleepless! This blows! Shoulda gone bowling.
fuck you chicago, take me to new york cityy.
"In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test. In life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson."
hahahha i JUST fucking read that and thought to myself. In real life she would've got beat the fuck up. But this is twitter.
So lucky 2 have a Jane Austen book group. ... lots of copies in stock for our new Jane Austen book group! 10% off!
life is a bitch then u marry one then you have kids then u die
that isn't right either.
P.s. shopping at your mall here in Dallas
maybe i really am the asshole everyone tells me I am
Y'all should trend #FamilyOfTrenchers and #MarianasTrenchMonday :)
Will you add a few more pics. That one is so beautiful. I miss the ocean and the California sky. Please :)
just crushed by the booth at the #flyingpig expo and thought of you!
Thx for the follow, Lorraine. Looking forward to your tweets.
This game went from fun to stressed out in 0 To 2 hrs.
not right now but I will be up there later on this summer like early june
Lesson: don't drink and drive or you will go to jail and then hell--Mr. Toad's Wild Ride
yeah explain :)
If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door. ~ Paul Beatty
How about we make up a fire and cook up ourselves a big pot of friendship! xD
Pizza Hut????
Hey it is ok to break out of your shell sometimes...... and your clothes (in public) occassionally! Geeze! Just do it!
Love is unconditional.
why weren't we invited :(
EYE TUNES
“: She ignores all the guys who want her, because she's too wrapped up in the one who doesn't.♥”
Come to our fun, funky, cafe today!
That is a fine film!
that's y I didn't put her on fb. Cuz no one here will go to wal mart and tell
yes it was one to remember but it's not done yet I celebrate the entire week lol .... I think my bday a holiday
WOO! : ARE YOU READY TO DANCE? READY TO ROCK #PALOOZA12!
Shakti Gawain~ An affirmation is a strong positive statement that somthing is already so.
Your tweets are priceless mate, fucking brilliant!!
RT : Go to Miami ! This night <--- Tonight is going to be insane! #Miami is ready!
If I had wished for a big red painful zit on the top of my nose I woulda been very happy right about now.
Responded to FIRE @ 2101 Cedar Avenue, Bronx, NY 10468 and helped 8 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
girl you awake!!
Lol! I love her!
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny.
You're a sick man Mr Berdy, but I love it...
Watching Don't tell the Bride !!
Fantabulous! Lol. Talkin to old friends n workin my way to the studio! Today is a great day!
Fairfax Electronics to launch Dealer Program in May. Leads leads leads
My bad. Later, when you get to his studio, tell Dr Oz I said hi. “: shhhh, taping The View right now”
yes I do! :) I love her, she's my queen! Oh and that's cool, you like No doubt?
She's done! NOW ITS JUSTIN'S TURN
So sorry, Mesa is under new mgmt & still learning the ropes! Could u email us at so we can send u a coupon?
Good Morning! TGIF
is psycho omfg
Good morning . Time to start my day.
Loving you like crazy=)
If I have to chase and fight for your attention, eventually I won't want it anymore..
Back to work after a lovely Thanksgiving. Did everyone have a relaxing holiday?
Hold me like your money, tell me that you want me, spend your love on me 🎵
keep #dancing weekend
Moving Day, Secret of NIMH, lee of the stone, etc. cc:
We've announced a new critiquing and networking group for nonfiction writers. 2nd Sunday and 4th Thursday of the month.
Showing love for relaxed and natural healthy hair maintenance, and growth. #embraceit!
I think my body is 82% made of buffets. Not mad about it.
We love you all. You're amazing and we could not be any more grateful of each and every one of you :)
I just came up with the excuse to keep you out of jail lol
Amen, never heard douche canoe before, but it is going into my arsenal of insults
link not working
“: love and miss you! Just downloaded your album !” you've gotta stop this whole growing up thing.. Miss you too!
When the only thing stopping you from hitting the spot is not knowing who's on the door and at the bar anymore.
RIP #stevejobs ... #ihatecancer ... Miss you dad, grandma and kells
I am so smart #SMRT?
lololol love you too !!!! :)
im tired. really, really tired. forget the phd do I really want a masters?
I can be reached at 619.243.3729. Thanks!
Sad to learn from of Eddie Epstein's death. A real loss to the Joyce community An obit will appear soon on JJQ's blog.
HEY CHRISTINA! So glad to be following you on Twitter. You're awesome! :)
The magic man from the wiz cracks me up.
Still trying to figure out why the U.S. suddenly cares about soccer, best guess we don't suck ass anymore
Remember we talked about that announcer I need him for the 19th would you ck and see if he is available
Most people have access to the internet in some way, yet they choose not to research items before they buy them.
It's been forever I had my license. I still don't know what kind of car I want.
my parents have been married for over 60 years. It is possible but you need a lot of compromising.
read my suggestion/comment on your Facebook
Twitter is over capacity.
"Come and put your name on it...." butt tattoos never seem like a good idea.
Sending now...
yes we care. #bitter #habssuck so..
A lesbian that doesn't like eating pussy <<<< TF? Pure grade A fxckery! -__-
Watching a movie on and it stops 3/4 of the way through and says sorry, try again another time. That sucks!
Our house is so clean!! Gimme some Grown-Up Merit Badges please :D
Tip of the day...never put velcro face-down on carpeting!
Ehh...arguably RT Lebron James is still the greatest Kentucky Wildcat ever. Even though he didn't make it to the Final Four.
Cuffing season ??
sorry I'm just pissed right now , because my brother cant seem to take his shit when he is done with it to his room .
So true, pharmacists incredibly helpful! RT : "I don't just count pills, I am a patient educator."
both of those are my specialty...
“: I was literally composing a complimentary Nick Holt tweet when Ganaway went 89 yards untouched....” Never compliment Holt.
cool naw just commenting caved into the #yolo phrase the whole fad annoys me haha
who gonn check me, boo?
I really need to! It's becoming a problem :/
great. All the best.
1:12:23. At least I'm not dead...yet.
. Combat! I like Vic Morrow. Jennifer won't usually watch military shows, but she'll watch that with me.
Just because you feel like the world owes you something doesn't give you the right to be a douche bag.
Thanks for the like, Adam Randy Ramos!
There are particular times this is so true... RT The twitter trending topics make me lose all hope for humanity.
College Student, Artist, CEO, Trapper, Enterperneur, Father, Damn What More Can I Add Ta Ma Resume???
Sometimes, not all the time, not most of the time, but sometimes, life is real fucking shitty.
The more the spring springs, the more I miss
Goodmorning! i think i'm gonna wear my glasses today :s
No need to slide, he's A-OK
We all need a reason to buy cute new shoes. This is perfect!
Lucas: Who knows where thoughts come from? They just appear.
try getdataback NTFS. Do not recover to the same hard drive! Recover to a new drive ok?! Expect 50 - 75% recovery.
music. music. 5 am; perfect
I'm surprised that you didn't make a '69' joke on your 69th Hanging With Shane.
Bummer about your page.
RT : There are more spas in the U.S. than there are Starbucks in the world.
Who designed the First Lady's dress? What a gorgeous color!
digging into the glories of collection fund allocation.
Aww shucks, thanks GS! RT Happy anniversary Glad to have you on my team!
At ”Jersey Boys”. Outstanding so far.
I'm in the ghetto and wearing pink. Should I be worried?
Hollande's approach: Spend $ we don't have and then blame it on everyone else. At least, that's how it looks.
Hey everyone! Do me a favor and please follow ! She's an ICONiac so i think you'll like her! :)
thank you.
“: I hear you like the NYTimes. You must be some sort of east coast college boy.” lol, since when was college ed bad?
tore the house down! Round one goes to Phillip!!
Ah joe Jonas gets punk'd next week !
thanks.. I love my pussy ;)
What a surprise! A terrible night's sleep before a long day, how perfect.
Many thanks for the mention!
When should a watchdog be replaced with a bloodhound? Hint-Check your fraud and anti-corruption risk assessment!
i don't have a ride there. hopefully if they go to warped tour i'll be going to a couple of those dates and will be able to....
Time to switch from classical to pop...
can't wait to take you on in a 12,800 ISO challenge. It was clear in Boise that 6400 was no match against your D4. :-)
I was just checking in case you were going to be close and had some time. One of these days we'll meet.
We're a happy team at !!!
LSU Tigers fall short in bid for sweep of Georgia Bulldogs
Our new cover watercolor by Kazuya Morimoto - his work is on display at the library right now!
Feeling very happy after eating a bag of all natural #gummybears! Delicious.
haha me too! I'm not that great but I sure do enjoy it!
rad, would luh to ride shotgun!
can't wait to see it
TODAY WAS ALRITE IM COMIN DOWN BUT ITS ALL GRAVY....WUT UP LADY K
LOL depends on whose doing the cooking
slippery when wet
Yes..I'll work on it.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought I wasn't gonna get more than 50 followers...... O.O
So let me get this straight...Bradshaw did NOT want to score on that last one? #NYG 4th & 16 no time outs down by 4...
What's up world how is the world treating you
everyone keeps unfollowing me on tumblr...
Don't you hate when you're hungry but you don't know what you want?!
Getting prepared for my 6 mile run and 15 minute circuit training.
just you wait ;)
nah JKJKJKJKKJKJKJKJKJKJK no but really i do <3
Did my power walk n it felt good now i keep on forgeting that im out of coffe ok ill sit back n drink tea as i look at fox11news ...
"none of my actions...have ever been motored by the search for a husband", your interview was great!
It's been months since I had to block a new Facebook app, since my friends are well-behaved and my block list is hundreds long.
Thought the team passed well last night. I thought a goal was coming in the 1st. I don't really know what the answer is.
Nope, we didn't. The rain/storm line scared me too much, and as cold as it got when I stepped out from dayjob - we cancelled :-(
Back to looking for work (Nonprofit, nursery school, or higher education) If anyone has any leads in the nyc area please lmk!
Cough Megatron Cough
Good morning! It's a beautiful day! We should do a comedy show. Well, I am. I'm at Laugh Lounge 151 Essex St, 9PM
Working on the Hassynyc portfolio challenge. Uploading Monday!
Bout to go to jackson
I just don't trust a presidential candidate - or anyone for that matter - who takes notes with a fat Sharpie.
I'm dying to try some potpockets "pot pizza hot pockets"
yes walking is the best...especially in this weather :) I do it everyday!
Jawaharlal Nehru~Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence,is the key to unlocking your potential
For the record, house buying and selling is DUMB.
u sob why didn't u tell me?!?
tks for the RT + really like your posts on "anti fundraising" + "money will find you" +2!
sure baby
Dell's PH Ferrand will be speaking on how entertainment & mobility are redefining the workplace at 10.45
Yes, sir. Yes it does. I am a member of #LillstreetArtCenter where I create functional pottery.
Happy New Year right back at yuh (:
": Metropolitan Transportation Commission has rescinded a vote to move office to SF to further study issue."
Looking forward to some peace and quiet on Nov 3!
Reminder! We will be at the Syosset Spring Festival all day tomorrow, talking to renters and homeowners about Click and Improve.
4 hour nap later & I still feel like shit.
LOL -- I'm just wondering what's the connection....
My media consumption of the past 2 days has involved multiples narratives set in Greensboro.
Game over, man.
Will, no lie, you're funny.
Have that easter dinner but dont want to cook? Give Smokin Good BBQs Re-Heat and Eat BBQ a shot! You wont be dissapointed. Happy Easter!
Well I *suppose* that's ok then :P
and a lot of electro :-)
"...relentless corporate propaganda" denies global warming. Jeffery Sachs #unausa Members Day
Dinner for Two goes to fan # 900 ! Tell all your friends, 35 more to go!
What do and have in common? BIG FAT FAILURES! Watch them this Sunday, 9pm EST on
Use the Dish Network Tailgater to watch DISH anywhere you've got an electrical outlet. Tool shed, I'm thinking. :) Call 350-6428!
just stay safe the #Brewers don't have a good track record with offseason rec activities.
#NCPH2012 Look for exciting curatescape #Omeka projects from New Orleans and Baltimore in coming weeks ()
wouldnt mind seeing hunger games ;)
Ridiculousness is freaking hilarious!! I love it! :)
shock me like a fucking eel
Or any day RT : No fucks are being given today.
Ooh. Good to know.
awesome! Looking forward to it!
Watching my monkeys tonight while my sis goes out spending the night there along wit my babe :*
We will be running mega satellites for the 2012 WSOP Main Event every Sunday from May 6th thru June 17th. $335 buy-in starting at 9:30am
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I love cats
I cleaned my room! Give me a treat!
and those sunglasses aren't exactly doing him any favors either.
Ive been really hoping you'd rt and follow me.... #NEVERSAYNEVER rite?
1 thing can change a person appearance
I miss my father. I hate not being able to sleep.
wonder if it's anyone o know...;)
Begining Monday & every Monday in May donates 20% of your purchase to MM - just say "Metropolitan Ministries" at purchase!
Yeah. The math is so extraordinary on that one. There was actually a bet on it in Vegas. if you dig that sort of thing. :)
I think I'm going to skip finals and just lay in bed and watch Grey's Anatomy.
THERE ALWAYS REMAINS AN OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE A NEW START. ~NHill
if I remember correctly there is a piece on that in the Vanity Fair on new stands
i jst wanna thank god for all the pretty woman he let in my life <3
An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know
hey it's me, I like your twitcon you look ....
Been there, done that, deleted my account.
got a blister on my pinky feom high 5'n!
um I already DMd u tho
Then there's Us, these other people...
Amazon is shipping The Pale King early; a friend of mine got his copy in the mail today. What gives, Amazon?
Went to bed at 3 am then woke up at 5:45 am to take James to the airport.. And I NEVER went back to sleep..
The moment I panic, you calm me down and tell me everything is going to be okay. Love my wifey!!!!
AS USUAL! I Woke up in the middle of the BEST LIFE EVER! The PROCESS of pursuing my PURPOSE gives me absolute JOY!!!
Resident evil raccoon city. No one bug me...unless ur sending me nudes
You knew me when I was lovely, intelligent and very entertaining. You know, back when I was 50.
So it's time to rise and grind... Good day for the NFBofillinois to visit the Lincoln Park Zoo...
*c walks down tl*
The bands just me mate thanks! I play an Epiphone special model, Fender squier, and an acoustic ovation.
I'm a bit shocked by this. What did they want? What would they have done? I loved the ending. I read there r more.
gulf shores is going to stink if it's sunny tomorrow
I figure we've got just enough time for a 30 hour webathon to raise the funds to produce our 30 hour webathon.
Thank you everyone for helping me make it to my goal..have a good night
you know me. You only live 9 times, am I right??
Just went to take my second ever yoga class, but the place I tried to go to wasn't off the road where it says it is
Hey guys! Vegan ribs are back!!!
Getting that work out in 🏀💪
