Congratulations to PPI's Kevin Vandersmissen, 2012 Irish Open CHAMPION !!!
raising birds on
The most important job there is! Our children are the worlds future. Nothing is more valuable then a stay mom!
At Grown Folks watching the game before the set starts.. So ready to sing #therapy!
VAIS Accreditation means "everyone's all friendly and shit," to quoth Namond Bryce
Enjoying the album. When do the #SPF ticket giveaways start ?
Friday Humor: "Early to bed and early to rise probably indicates unskilled labor" -- John Ciardi
The Halloween social tonight was fun. The kids enjoyed themselves...AYS has done it again!!!!
It'll never go away, will it?
Hahaha, I wish I had alcohol right now.
Johnny Cash & his wife, June Carter Cash, inherited the house in NPR from Maybelle Carter after her death
I have had the best dreams playing Skyrim before bed.
most people do when they get older.
Any wedding decor secrets up your sleeves? What are you working on now?
#RealFriendsDont Talk Shit Behind You Back When Fake Friends Do, They Stick Up For You.
Oh yeah! It's so weird eating. xD
Twisting Barbie Mermaid Balloons for the Barnie a Mermaid Tale 2 Movie at The Showcase Cinema in Woburn, Ma at 11 am in the Lobby on 2/11/12
Check yourself bro.
Fantastic. Only have 2 others I'm trying to catch at tonight's reception. I'll tweet just prior. Looking fwd to it.
Can't wait for Saturday to see at and a huge thank you to for taking care of me and my girls
A film festival did arrive before my kid! But I can't give any details for 3 weeks. Except that it's a boy--my kid, not the festival.
The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one - Oscar Wilde
hungry den a muddafucka
Holy shit its already a Thursday.. This week has gone by fast
Cravin sum S.W.A.G
this is true. Just saying I don't get it. But it's ok. I don't have to.
thanks for the retweet :)
Boyfriend didn't know Osama bin Laden was dead. Granted this dude wasn't responsible for educating children, but come on. Really?!
I have a friend named Scott who still forwards chain emails. As soon as I figure out what to do w/ the body I'll be Scott-free.
Tweet your tee for a free download code from our new album
Year Strong. In Manila. Shit. Dream come true. :((
Its a great feeling when people compliment what ur wearing and its something you made ^___^
Forget #Kony2012, let's make #GeorgeZimmerman famous!!! Who is #GeorgeZimmerman!!!! #Zimmerman2012 -Child Killer...I will make you Famous!!!
been watchin lincoln heiqhts ALL DAY & never qave this show a chance, but im qlad i have netflix cause im addicted & im on the 3rd season.
“: “: wat step show”brew city step show at the riverside theater” this Saturday! Hosted by
It's so much easier to be confident about other peoples situation rather than your own.
Tina--You get it! Let's chat soon (when season is over).
Plenty of fish in the sea? Have you seen the ocean?! Getting a meaty, lively fish that isn't swimming in mercury or, disease? Ha, plenty.
Kid from "Saved by the Bell" teams up with a writer from "Robot Chicken", eh? That's so crazy it just might work.
RT : Come celebrate the opening of the new Form + Function Lighting Showroom, Friday, April 13 at 5pm.
#ReplaceAGagaSongWithWhiskey The Edge Of Whiskey. Marry The Whiskey
Happy birthday to ! Have fun tonight.
This episode of #behindthemusic is sad.
why would someone say that????? I'd like to hear whoever that is sing better then her. It's a beautiful song!!!
Canada has the best banks in the world according to They also have 10% tier I capital rqmts. What about the US?
oh, check out the shoe store Ten Toes if you go to Shadyside/Walnut St. They have the cutest shoes & the owners are super sweet!
I just realized I have been in a different state for 4th of July for the past 6 years.... RI, NY, MD, LA, CT and this year IL.
Yesterday when we were getting high you were invited,you woulda liked it
Created and added a Twitter Badge to myspace.
Are they playing baseball in the rain?
nope cause it's in colombia
how was she and her machine?
Tahaaa! What are you gonna do today? :)
CBS Morning News today says that crazy New Jersey tanning mom has been dubbed as "tanorexic." What a wonderful word to add to the lingo!
Dear parents, i Loveu
Luke #Babbit hires agent and enters #NBA draft. I don't think the sophomore out of #UNR is ready for the pros.
Lalalailove you to!
No way! Really?
“: I ALWAYS HOPE TO SEE EVERYONE SUCCEED .. EVEN STRANGERS .. WHEN I SEE PEOPLE HAPPY THEN iT MAKES ME HAPPY”
Words of wisdom from the Leadership Freak: "Impatient leaders say let’s do something. Wise leaders say, "Let’s become something".
We agree! RT : Bill, gotta hit Twin Anchors for some outstanding ribs. Just do it!
is on coffee break
RIT hockey's getting started on CBS Sports right now. Channel 1027 if you're on TW in
YAYYY Jam band in the student center !!
#HIMYM finale ! tune in
just saw grants last tweet. I am going to add a pause for him... That is all.
": happy birthday to my brother joey. lobe ya bro" At least he didn't say lube
Central #Indiana: make sure to watch from 5-7pm for a story on local wineries and how we're gearing up for the Super Bowl!
Drove all by myself today. With my mom watching me... IT STILL COUNTHS THOUGH.
The word "imperfect" actually spells "I'm perfect" because everyone is perfect in their own imperfect ways.
For why?
Never really have any ME time...its always a kid that needs me there's always a parent that wants me to do something...
: In your piece on DeMaio's biz success,you list Bonnie/Bob as the only two other major candidates.What happened to Fletcher?
You're being naive if you think Paterno is completely innocent in this case.
Because it has a limit babe -.- lmao shut up!
GT LOVE YOU GT-CREW!! THANK YOU for all the support of IA & this mission to connect families w/ cancer!!! Keep building it CREW!!!!
his last game with Cavs he had 27 points 19 rebounds 10 assists and were just out matched by a better Boston team.
yes! Tomorrow works for me.
. worries abt "unfair" & "incomplete" teacher ratings on Gambling--didn't bother him when he released botched ratings 2 mo ago
Squee! Just two more days until I can read all the books I want to for a week!
Softball practice tonite
a tad too rad... foreign features...
what odds does everyone have that this ends up being a 1 possession game?.
98% of Catholic women who use or have used #contraception is the Catholic perspective too
that's funny, my "similar to you" list is you three...
I really like Girls, the television show.
GIVE ME EVERYTHING. -dead-
Thanks to all at #blend12 for participating in our session on foundations. Hope none of panelists lose their grants due to what they said :)
why not. Is leaving them unpacked throughout the house a creative idea? If so, I'm leading the pack.
I like talking to my cat more than you.
Hope y'all are counting down 7days for single release
Visiting with growers and winemakers in Napa again today. Searching out the the best of the best fruit for the upcoming season!
I've finally hit 100 followers! Thank you to all 100 of you:)
RT : 2 the prophetic folks n ATL, Whats the Lord saying 2 U right now n the midst of #snowatl<-girl U shuda bought toilet paper
thanks Nells :) I love you! Must SKYPE again soon xoxoxo
My son took me to a lovely Breakfast for Mother's Day and I had a nice time just talking to him!!
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
Just my luck, I sit next to the nasty cigar smoker.... Yuk yuk .... Ugh
Follow for more insight from
I tweet the same thing every friday, but so true. TGIF!! Hope everyone has a great weekend too:)
Took a practice test and I got half the multiple choice right. And then I averaged I would get a 4 on all the essays & got a 3. RETAKING...
The move is over! Unpacked & ready 2 enjoy life in Aksarben/Mid-Town! Yippee!
shut up bitch, dont talk to my sister
GUESS WHAT.
on the ticket its say order number right
Mac u can't. Me and Belz got u beat in the stash... Jordan km growing a goatee too. :)
#ilovewhen the rain beats against my window! relaxes the hell outta meplease retweet
fans continue to compete for worst humans on #twitter w/ fans
hacking patty ^_^ follow me :)
Hey! I'm the owner of the account :) Are you still interested in being a co-owner?
Absolutely. :) RT : Pretty awesome pictures ! Congratulations ! Feel free to tell us once you update it again :)
it's funny how you think that's funny. it's not funny.
How do far too many contractors secure your business by handing you an artificially low bid? Can't spot the techniques? I'll show you how--
My day getting started late af
we're headed back to NY with so much joy and spirited energy
awesome! make sure you tell me in person!
Happy New Years to all my Wonderful followers<3
This song is music to my ears
Thank you to for his thoughts and #WhatSistersMeantoMe hashtag. Sr. Lucia in 4th grade correcting my grammer.
You already have skills & ability to navigate #change. Feel it in your bones.
SHOWING LOVE TO MIGUEL SOSA ...LOVE U BABE!!!
I'm so glad I'm making well over minimum wage to sit on my phone and do homework at my job.
Happiness comes in a pint...glass! Hehe.
Im in TX
Sometimes we need to hurt in order to grow.
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue.
and its not even my birthday ... But he wanna put his name on it !
oh we did. Made it back just in time for class. Well worth it
Sure thing!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3 I love you !!!
Gnight btw ur grandpa seems like so much fun! Haha tell him i say hi if u read this 
Amazing #tenzingtasting! Loved the Ayala Zero Dosage, pretty much all the Spanish wine I tasted, False Bay and Dr. Loosen.
If were to dissect my heart you'll find that you're all in it and its filled with just you i wonder if its mutual.
Same. Related: Just spent 2 hours prepping the big deck for stain. No rest for the weary. :/
super cool of you to point it out. You get an Eisner FROM MY HEART.
Read that as Leonard Nimoy. RT : Now a guy from the nonprofit Reason Foundation, Leonard Gilroy.
sweet talking gets you nowhere fast
follow now. 3
Argh! New Year's Day circuits almost killed me today. Happy 2012!
I think when tragedy strikes people are more likely to acknowledge there is a God. Prayer should be allowed always!
yes, it's a boy :) i have a big family.
not only do we know each other, but and I work together...
Where is my gotdamn at wit her BIG HEAD A$$
you are do ugly !! #jussayin (:
can you call me? I need you to do something for me.
Our HB2501 Bill on Regulatory Reform passed Gov Affairs Comm!Get your Reps&Senator to support it! Thanks Rep Vogt, Gowan, Stevens, Smith!
has swagg swagg swagg it not on you doe baby it's on her ;*
what kind of question is that?!? Lol! it's only 1030.. Haha!
The Stand Your Ground Law should be amended/a "Trayvon's Law" should be enacted
Starting 2012, industry discounts will be available Mon-Wed!
I Love The Way You Sing.!(= Your Voice Is So BEAUTIFUL.!(: I Would Die If I Ever Get On Of Your CD's And Autograph.!<3 ILY
#StruggleCuisine RT : Buttered toast and fat free water on the rocks for breakfast. Gotdamn im struggling.
Hahaa, its so weird though. Its gonna take me forever to get used to it. xD
Through the week, last call's around 9:30, on the weekends, about 10:30, though it sometimes depends on how busy it is!
It's getting harder everyday
no youre gorgeous. im just like ehhh.
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at KLUSOZ... & at PEPPER.
shut up!!
Why are there people out on the sidewalk holding advertising signs? When did posts fail us?
Feeling hella sleepy after a margarita and a tequila sunrise!
true, and some of us couldn't even get tickets to the tour dates.
Back from dog park. On to work...
Thank you for the follow! Your work is truly inspiring.
when people stare at the gym<<<<<
thx to u we had a great time
I think of a ton of things to tweet while I drive, and can't seem to remember any of it when it's safe to finally tweet it.
absolutely he is! he acts like a 5 yr old!
Hv U checked the score in the last few mins?
Ill never change, this is always me
I love the rain!
Happy Monday everybody! Feeling pumped for the day.
I have been watching all morning and 1 day I'm making the drive down to Elevation Church.Who is coming with me?
yep, pretty a much worthy hero, when you admit to it
dig it!
In squirrel hill wit a blunt where you at !!
Azad Right delivers "Alone," the first new video from his upcoming project Time Is Right: Deluxe Edition , which is due
Today in 1790, Washington D.C. was changed to the capital of the United States
emily, are you okay?!?! I'm here for you girl<3 promised, just like sarah.
what's the title??
Chinese/Viet New Years Tomorrow! Year Of The Dragon!
no those never look good
whats wrong with my voice???
It's the other way around this time..
When court cases get dismissed and you don't have to pay the ticket or lose your license >>>
Dearest I know it can get cold, but we try to be accommodating. Would some hot coffee warm your opinion of the library?
Oh, me too...would love to review on or
Build Me Up Buttercup- The Foundations :)
LM Community Development Program Coordinator Chris Gonzales explaining to LM council what city has at stake in the proposed PBID process.
Summer hits of the 90's?
I can't stress any longer how much idgaf .
I think I'm in need of "something new."
Beyonce, Video Game Lawsuit: Judge Sets Trial, Singer's Lawyers Keep Quiet
I just saw it. Wait for an Avengers screening - it'll be way better.
...an emphasis on locating sensitive areas that produce feelings of pleasure. Once pleasure-producing areas are located, the woman is ...
Will you be using any interesting props today, Mr. Lazarus?
#stiles Lol at getting his dad drunk.
as long as they don't sing it out, we ALL win.
Very tired. Just got back from 2.5 hrs of indoor drumline. Ugh so tired. And?still have?to study and take a shower. Blah.
I'll show you mine, if you show me yours.
Are you trying to protect pedophiles from the John Gardner association or vice versa? Not sure I get the significance.
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear your mom just died.:o
why is 's family so photogenic? Love them!
The hard times will begin to fade, joy will take their place. - Play Alganon
Question: Why did you go Greek?
yep! It was lots of fun :)
Thank you so much for posting! We're so happy to have you all here at the GWCC.
You produced a #Pultizer-finalist-winning piece!
Fuck today. Gonna go for a run. Hopefully it will clear my head.
#SilverSpring, Ravioli & Lasagna sound good? Stop into Mama Lucia on 4/26. 25% of your bill will support
hahahaha! No, I don't have a canadian accent. The border is still at least an hour away, and we don't usually mingle. ;)
- and I enjoyed seeing you at the #goodnews event.
AUSTIN you are an amazing singer and such an amazing person!!!! I KNOW U WILL GET REALLY FAR ! Don't EVER doubt it<3<3<3<3<3
It’s #MagicTime tonight at 7pm - vs
but beginners is so good and so sweet
Heck, I'll even take 20 degrees and sun! Our next chance at sun will be Sunday (despite showers) and Monday.
Would have a #Butler win changed the college basketball landscape? Coaches, College Presidents, recruits with an altered perspective. 2012?
Fun day tomorrow!
Yes we do! RT “: Gave up free weights today! Traumatic, but now has a smarter routine for me.
Very sad to hear that Hillman Curtis just passed away. :( He first inspired me to get into web design and video.
Read the Brushaber case, decided by the SCOTUS, after the 16th amend was enacted. It was ruled to be an indirect excise tax
tHAT PUMA JERSEY TURNED INTO DUST.. i CANT FINDIT
Found a bag of caramel corn in the cabinet. My day just got infinitely better.
"MUSIC BY GŸORGY LIGETI" projected over the DJ
is this the change we were promised? No thanks
LOL! "cost of corn"!! Thanks for the info, though. You just helped me scratch it as a modification.
I was such a tease when I was 16. Lolol
Its official I cant sleep.
Check out new editions of A Core Collection for Young Adults and Defusing the Angry Patron to be published later this month: bit.ly/gKj9eO
Got the business outta the way, time to fucking party!
what do you need the vid kit for? Streaming service or something else?
Congratulations. Fabulous vacation as weight loss plan.
what brand are they?
take to Serendipity! :) yummy frozen hot chocolate
No - his producer, Gary Dell'Abate!
ALL hell's gonna break loose tmrw! Where u gonna hide it, promise I wont play. U have created a monster...again, Im sure :)
Sometimes I want to punch people...
I didn't hit a single red light this morning. That would be incredibly good luck except the destination was work.
"oh, a doobie! let's bogart that fatboy." "that's not a joint, it's a frozen french fry..."
"I'm not slow, I'm just enjoying the race longer"
Zenith watch boutique woos patrons in Qatar
Do you mean WooHoo! :) Ha!!
Many people don't ever fully develop their potential cuz instead of DOING somethin about it they complain that they're not doing ANYTHING
$GRPN -- prediction... SEC audit... fraud... 40 act lawsuits.... me no likey
story development of my film project is constant.
GREAT! Let us know if you need anymore info. Thanks!
Korean zombie is dangerous lol what a fight
Planning to eat a bowl of cereal in honor National Cereal Day. BTW, it's quite evident that Cap'n Crunch > all others.
Or worse yet, Bait Teen in Jeopardy.
Topic for #GreenChat: Ways to stay COOL and #GREEN this summer. NEW TIME, 10pm EST, can you make it?
I LOVE YOU DOCTOR. That's all :) bye
Good Morning Y'all;) SMOOCHES:*
Have you seen the #NBA jerseys today? Los Bulls v. Nueva York. I love it! Spanglish in full effect!
I have done it ..
How about I put you in charge of a DO-I-HAVE-ANOTHER-SISTER Census? Work for you?
can u follow me please
Oh dear I got an instagram now 😳
Dear: cute boys on instagram, Stop being married. xo, sara
Stop wearing high heels to school and u dont know how to walk in them
You don't know me, and you don't wear my chains...
I'm with ya there.
Do you feel comfortable in your own skin?
GOOD FOR YOU BEAST. I LOVE YOU.
I want a Gucci Caddy
What should our next flavor be? Milk chocolate and peanut butter cup, or dark chocolate Aztec with sweet smoked paprika and chili powder?
Sometimes things don't go quite the way we plan them . . .
really? That Starbucks thing looks so scamulous.
So I guess I am looking for a job in the fall.
flying critters spotted today: red-shouldered hawk, carolina wren, robin, bat, indigo bunting, goldfinches.
Changing my name involves a lot more than I originally thought...
Chardon BrewWorks Women's Book Club is reading the Book: "Splendor of Silence" by Indu Sundaresan. Discussion 2/15 in the brew house!
Don't yell at me to mind my own business when you're sitting there screaming outside of my door while I'm sleeping. People these days...
The world's a better place b/c of stickers
I don't like it when I turn on the #devils game and they're showing a replay of the Rangers scoring.
I have to leave now ... see u later guys!
comedy! ;D
Thanks Allison. Looking forward to seeing you and your fellow craft beer fans at BeerHoptacular!
Wow Now you charge a $3.95 activation fee for your gift cards?? How bout I just not buy one?
Let's go hawks fuk Boston
can u send me the packer tickets please u promised I want to be at the next packer home game
me too but I feel like I am cheating on by watching
Never seen a girl that could live up to the hype...
Can a Christian who knows the Bible better than myself remind me why we're against Gay people being *married*?
its nicki follow me here your following me on TiggerBear02 xD
I'm watching the Suns beat the Lakers!!!
It's all coming together!!
wish we could qualify everyone, but it's a contest.. Gotta keep trying, don't give up!
Respect yourself if you would have others respect you. - Baltasar Gracian
18 more days :)
Official timeout; Harriet Beecher Ass 1852 (Mauler co-captain; RCRD vice-president) in the box as an official correction
Avatar are looking for a Talent Aquisition Manager for New York - Must have previous Games Industry experience, contact eamonn…
I'm never displeased when Quiet Riot plays on the jukebox.
Relieved that, after their 15-min. discussion, my sons rank me as #1 dad compared to Homer Simpson (2), Stan Smith (3), & Peter Griffin (4).
the most important thing in a mate? Being so forgiving & tolerant of my stupidities...and she has for 31 years!
#20ThingsAboutMe im in love
Those motions will be taken up at later date
; thanks for thy instagram, young Doodlebug.
37 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
Having a Dunkacinno at DUNKIN' Donuts after watching Adam Sandler's "Jack & Jill" movie!
In winter, I remember distant fires. Got burned a few times but oh those flames.
YOU'RE IN NY?!
thanks for the link -- interesting.
Just spending a beautiful day in a windowless archive, copy editing 40-year-old letters…
awww, hope everything ends up well tho.
A9: Boring your friends with inside jokes with yourself
Pro Am MC Battle TONIGHT feat. Miami premiere of Ice T's new film "The Art of Rap" at 7PM + if you're hungry, is there!
Imma do some random Shout outs :)
yoU guys should follow for all the stuff he does for u guys.
How stupid do you have to be to let Google dumb down your writing? Are you repeating keywords for naught?...
I love that movie so much. Now you must watch Kitty Foyle and perfect a Ginger Rogers impression. I insist.
Council now discussing amendments to seek proposals on how to deal with waste stream (recycle, gasification, pellets, etc)?
I will
My balls smell like coconut. Goodnight.
just took the stage @ McGann's in the Finals. Tune into #meow now
I think there's a lot about this world that we don't understand, like the afterlife or how bread becomes toast.
Royals lead White Sox 3-0 at the Bottom of the 4th Inning.
It's planning, reacting, communicating and observing. It's chaotic and complicated and the BEST JOB EVER. ;)
Thank you for the RT too!
“: Less friends, less bullshit.”
In Music Meeting The Hold Steady “HurricaneJ” Heard this the other day and I likey! Cool guitar and the lyrics are twisted
Often harder as well.
88% of plastic bags (probably more) are not recycled.
and he's like bright pink and blue
me to lol
Spectacular night. Im gonna enjoy these 2 days off. Goodnight all.
#Zappos totally has me spoiled. I ordered something from #Amazon last Sunday and it still has not shipped. Today is Friday! #peeved. #!@$%
The only tan I'll be getting this summer is from the glow of my computer screen.
That's still pandering/PC. If it's genuine it's called "being considerate" :P
Transition is equally as important as growth. Growth devoid of development wastes time, money and effort. *focused on what matters*
Confident you have the best telecoms deal?...Nothing to lose in doing some research right? Call us now: 0844 880 2010 No obligation :)
Thanks for following
No one can tell me what my song is about? That's terrible....you people are NO fun....maybe if I offer a pizza as a prize =D
try Appenzeller. It's like Swiss Jaegermeister.
Gainesville man wins Cadillac CTS coupe in Georgia Lottery
Merry Christmas to all. Hope it is a fantastic day and you get to spend some great time with family! That is what it is all about!
Welcome Kole Shettima from the MacArthur Foundation, Nigeria. Donors must align their priorities one another
we're about an hour outside of springfield, MO right now.
yes it is! obsessed. totally obsessed.
in Wisconsin low A
I'm going to need a few more drinks to deal with the music
Happy Labor day!!! How are you celebrating?!
Are we going to see any new photographs of you soon love u adam
Does die a little inside when calls him the "senior Trump correspondent? I'm pretty sure I would.
Love the gals I snapped grad pics with <3
good . cos I don't even have an iPod ! 😂
We are getting ready for Kick off 2011. watches for pre-sale reserve yours tonight! Provides a textbook to a child in Kenya.
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Occasional showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Highs around 70. Southeast...
Wow. I thought it was joke when I first saw it posted on Facebook. I'm impressed.
Friends come and go....its a part of life
Blake Griffin's free-throw shooting makes me hurt inside
Effective methods of torture: Jingle > Waterboarding RT Yeah, it's pretty much in line w/ waterboarding
Are you enjoying your doughnuts? :)
thanks for the love bro!!!
ShaxinLove was a pretty good movie, but I did find myself explaining to students the difference between historical fiction+
Congrats to Phil Jackson on a fantastic career
I hate while waiting in a drive thru..the person ahead of me is smoking in their car and makes my car smell like an ashtray.
I want some mustard
What do you do when you know you fucked up, and that person is still there waiting for everything to get better.?
if Niall is smoking i don't care, if he wants, well, he can do it. I'm going to support him anyways :)
#10FactsAboutMe I'm self conscious, fat, ugly, hate myself, take everything too seriously,...
Do you like Edgar Allan?
loved 1st class;already observing benefits from the emphasis on ujjayi breath+movement integration;can't wait for tomorrow! :)
Yes He does!!!!
Beautiful Mother's Day weekend! The first one I ever remember where there were no lilacs in bloom for a mother's bouquet.
chipped tooth. does it have to be in front? #toobrokeforthedentist. conf pres tmrw should be giggles. damn it.
ENKG... L2 SIMPLY AMAZING!!! SLAP THE ASK AND WERE OFF TO DOLLARLAND!!!
Something about Texas BBQ on a Friday just makes you smile.
those #runnerds r ! RT : PHOTO ALERT! CHECK 'EM OUT! - hey #runnerds! we had a...
Thanks! Looking forward to getting to know more people in Austin now that I live here. :)
his brothers derek and jesse!! my three sons!
you're welcome! you're too good of a person to have things bothering u =)
Santa Fe: Nov. 11, 12 & 13 visit Recycle Santa Fe Art Festival at El Museo Cultural de Santa Fe. Support Green Art & tell your friends
Very nice... Rebellion + Passion = The Rockstar. You fascinate by being unique, artistic, and unorthodox.
funny when one ends up having brunch at same resto as ex & his new wife & one/ex's old 'song' starts to play & one laughs instead of cries!
DM me with your email. Have more on the shooting.
I love you too! Thank so much cutie. xo =)
Thanks to everyone who joined us tonight! You can see our work at (5th and k) for the next 6 months!
I just realized I'm on my account... That explains why the News Feed was still in October....
There is some bull hook'n going on tonite!!! Clown got a bit of a ride.
guys are hilarious would love to see more
yummy and feeling know pain after two glasses...lol! wasn't up to going out myself but i could've used a cuddle buddy tonite.
We can special order the size you need. Call CS and we'll get you set up.
ight I want them forsure don't sell them to someone else on me
Thanks so much, everyone, for joining us today! Follow to stay part of the #MainStreet conversation.
Gay Hoes These Days.. No Class.
My bed is amazing this am...Feeling a bit #Divaish not in a hurry to get to the salon...
A heroic effort here this one. #BullyingPrevention #GayRights #SameSexEquality Support if u can.
I gotta pee so bad.
3 reasons why I cuss: 1) Because I fucking want to. 2) Because I fucking can. 3) Because I don't give a fuck.
text me back!!!!
Lemme find me something ta wear
yay! Thanks for mentioning me in your post! :)
you would Ash
"Done and done." And we hope to be doing it next month and the month after that, etc. ...
On the line Rotties - Kell'd, Maulers - Gwar, big hit on Gwar slows her, but Beecher all over Kell'd, no lead yet
&quot;a different kind of space&quot;
What's everybody drinking tonight?
This year is flying by. another early day tomorrow. Wish me luck!
Golfers Love Power! Order today and get yours by Christmas! www.powerchutesports.com
#100grand I'd move out of Wisconsin right after Scott Walker wins recall election. I am embarrased to be a resident here.
hey! i just dm'ed you a question about the street team to make sure of something! :)
I would totally let you deliver my baby.
I love more than he loves me!:D
60-year-old author and entrepreneur aims to smash motorbike land-speed record - and raise $1 billion for charit... bonneville salt flats ;P
Just noticing this tweet- way to go!
just saw this! I hope it went super!
"Find joy everywhere and leave it behind you when you go." ~Faber (via writtenday)
Where's the best place to learn about #hybrid classes? My students expressed trepidation about #elearning but perhaps that's a compromise?
I really hate girls who blame the entire male population for being jerks after their boyfriend breaks up with them.
I try! Thanks!!
I can't wait to record for the Mad Scientist podcast tomorrow. The f-bomb is like air to me...how censored am I? :)
How tragic would it be if I accidentally stepped on my niece's #JustinBieber CD? I'm glad she loves music but I'm DYING over here!
need my long hair back
I've been in every state but Hawaii so far I'm at home here in
how about not giving airtime to unrepentant cheaters whilst they are still banned?
you are so thoughtful my love- thank you for being such a wonderful person. X
was good cuh
it already felt like they were shooting into something as big as your mother in the 1st. You didn't see that coming, did you?
My family is so serious about this egg toss lmao
Thank you! Visiting family and spending time in the desert. I hope to come back soon to visit more of the city!
Getting settled in Greensboro, NC!!
Jk we got lost
I'm 75% sure that message I left on a potential employer's voicemail is my worst yet.
My Morning Jacket tonight at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium at 7:30pm
I KNOW! I caught that..Lol.
It's possible to think that all of this stuff is important and recognize also that some of it is more heavily symbolic.
Some people hear voices. Some see invisible people. The rest have no imagination whatsoever.
RT : The unofficial kickoff for summer fun starts next Friday! Our Memorial Day holiday weekend includes fireworks,......
Boss took me out to lunch today to a restaurant
Lol yeah. My 2nd block teacher is scary lol. So I wld defenitly not have it on lol
met a lot of celebrity types in radio, Adam gets the class act column. Genuine guy with good heart.
I guess I will take your silence as a no then. Awesome.
Huckleberry Jones sounds like the name of a comic book character
In Europe, Some Lovers of the BlackBerry Now Seek A New Flavor
very cool. Saw you @ SXi, btw. You were great. Big fan of your pod, also. Do you have plans for the next episode?
Just finished chatting w/ former #Brewers & current #Dodgers IF Jerry Hairston, Jr. Took time out despite preparing for start
"The distance can separate two eyes, but never two hearts..." ♥ ♥
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Also saw the best friend of one of my best friends at Akron tonight and got a text from the other a few days ago
It is a lesson which all history teaches wise men, to put trust in ideas, and not in circumstances. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
what is your play about?
Yeah that was David Berkowitz. I'm trying to bring the good back to our family name!
hey Hannah. You're so close to 800 followers!! :D
just started book 2 of The Hunger Games. I can't put it down!
Nah, I'm a country fan. Dude puts on a great show.
Platinum Rule of Business: Do unto others as they want done onto them.
Girls that know how to pearl blunts >
In Saul Bellow LETTERS editor B. Taylor painstakingly thanks wide web of literati who helped him but misspells our own Elmer L Andersen.
lol forreal doe i cant take it no more. Niggas is hungry but aint got no food
Haha on this show I was watching at work this kid was coughing & these little girls just walked away, hecka messed!
Congrats and best of luck!
Great coaching call today soo blessed to have found such an amazing coaching group
Okay, first day of class. Go.
When asked where the millions of women who use #PlannedParenthood health services would go if PP were not available, said...
Mob movies for the weekend :)
haha! All votes count - even yours ;) Like the new profile pix!
I know it is. I'm playing with ya.
Sorry to say that I'm not shocked by the Davonte Neal situation. His dad sat in when I interviewed Davonte last month and had plenty to say.
hear hear. are these tech jobs? I thought maybe that was just part of the culture ...
That would really break the ice... ;)
RT : Watched nbc's RockCenter hit job on S.A.'s Texas Biomedical Research Institute. Biased hack job to get funding for...
thank you a ton!!!
Hey #Brewers fans, we got our guy going against the #Braves on #BaseballIQ on MLB Network tonight at 8:30!
Holy shit. Made some dope merch last night. Still a little drunk. En route to Milwaukee for a gig- will be tweeting all the way!
Mystery novel, blog post, TOTAL RECALL, and Kindereggs.
likewise, enjoyed chatting, see you at one of the events !
awww baby :((( feel better!!!!
i got the picture. Told you id get the last laugh.
Justin Bieber coming out with Mayweather
awful. Anyone who still thinks GOP is waging a war on women is not paying attention.
Going out 2 eat .
#Bears Bears Bears
HAHA Don't tempt me.
Ugh . Time for school -______-
as long as no resources were wasted to view it then I suppose it is acceptable
I miss you, too. Also, I hope your desk is just a hot man on all fours.
I would swear the guy next to me at the bar is actively "hogging" right now, except he seems way too excited. maybe she drugged him?
Hi Amber-Joi, I'm the editor for #HighGlitzLounge. Would like to interview you about your reign and platform.
Somebody took the A/C out of ACM! Waiting for the repairman but in the meantime it is hot in here!!
Sometimes you just gotta let haters hate lol! #CueTIsMotivation haha damm twitter, hating on you.
Wow never seen $ Mayweather get hit like this ... I like it! I ain't ever root for a puerto rican in my life but I am tonight!
let's do it! I'll try to connect with you at to plan.
-got Heart Attack on repeat! I <3 his words & voice!
Check out H. Mintzberg's Strategy Safari - awesome resource available free online in pdf with creative googling.
i love it when a song describes exactly how you feel.
#turntoyou reminds me do much of everything my mom went through to raise me as a single parent. Once again, thank you <3
- "Finish The Sentence" - Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there... with? (#Yankees Related) Top Tweets on: www.Chasing800.com
hey big man where were you for the match this morning?
mm will stay at home with family :D wbu?
Mark Ragan is presenting some very compelling SM tools and resources at the Mayo Clinic SM Boot Camp.
I'm such a good lover because I practice a lot on my own.
I have ate an insane amount today. Totally agree!
Night night! :) <3
Have a great weekend!!!
Are you a teacher? Did you attend #IRA2012? Did you get to see talk about ZillyDilly's place in the classroom? Let us know!
I always did want something named after me.
I'm done
But I thought all the Dr. Whos were on the tallish side. :-)
pretty good hard to explain
I'll be waiting
Will see who laugh last RT : , now u know waht it was like 4 the American ppl now u were ignored during tax negot.
starting this weekend ima be on grind wit the tweet & posts, just tryna make it, follow me plz, im tryna hop on that "GOOD MUSIC" bandwagon!
crispin's cider.
Darn. Thanks for letting me know!
how wonderful for you Herb!!! Glad you had a great Mother's Day!!! and hope you will have another beautiful wknd ♥ Aoede ♪♫
You know your getting a prime education when you watch the Matrix in sociological theory...
is this just bait? it's not intolerance when the other side works to suppress your rights & force their beliefs into law.
we miss you too!!! Wishing you were here with us!
leaving MIA tomorrow taking the girls to Disney this should be interesting
thats not bad! Its worth every penny imo! It's around $15 here. We import it :) #Belje Grasevina
Well, that was a nice quarter-and-a-half reprieve for the "defensive coach." Hope en enjoyed it.
CONGRATS TIGERS!!!! Big win over Alabama! 9-0 and ranked #1 in the nation feels good! :D
God morning :-)
I want some cookies & cream ice cream
Facebook users; check us out on MooreabeachLV. See you there also!
Just because hasnt followed,retweeted,or tweeted u doesn't mean she hasn't seen ur tweets.She may have seen one & smiled.<3
I'd like him better if he didn't swear so much.
Drink of the day is our GREAT Pumpkin Pie Latte. 10, 20, 30% SALE off entire store continues today. Come on in SHOP, SIP, and SAVE!
Working to do this through events, online opportunities, media relations. It's a newish position. Started in 7/09.
u in atl yet?
Start a kickstarter. I'm sure you can raise the cash by the end of the day. We need it in the office.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't. WA WA WA WA :)
we gotta hang this summer..
Off to London tomorrow. Love doesn't even scratch the surface for my feelings toward Paris. <3
It's hard to find anyone to trust
Reverse gear is selected and the pedal is all the way down to the floor.
i need to sue him for trademark infringement!
the Kanye West episode. I was like -_- I was on his page and a fan before we were ebb called GRANDerz. Lol It was so long ago..
thanks for the follow & welcome!
Bored, bored, boring. I think I'm ready for school Monday :( so sad
crazy cheerlearders on air now
your new picture is gorgeous.
Word for Today: (Ready) Are you Ready. I'm Ready.
and no, I was not at Ron Paul. Don't even get me started on how mad I was haha. I had Journalism class AND I was sick with a fever!
Magic hands hold the indexes and incite short covering rally into the close. Could last a few days
is a great opener for ! Fun band.
H well lets just say he put me in my thought process of what life is worth living for, but I'm over it now at least.
#RNGeezies for life! :D
I agree, so we should refrain from retweeting that sort of rubbish :o)
Well I got that covered - as cute and charming as them all...but I weigh as much as all of them put together. Still interested?
I have to be frank I like being online especially when I'm not working! So how people get their work done and be on twitter all dam day!?!?
Didn't Marx say he looked forward to a society where we work in morning, learn in afternoon, and drink TWO Cokes at night?
My after school routine >>>>
fuck Mario Costa's gonna make me cum <3
nice meeting you
Which games do you play? RPGs?
I wish I was in New Orleans right now!!
That was the longest train ever
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Jackson Everhart ⁰Rising 9th ⁰Fort Collins, CO ⁰Travel Team: Fever Black ⁰Small Forward 6’2
Ah the devine aroma of fresh basil, a bunch in a glass in the kitchen, post farmers' market visit this a.m.
Good morning, Texas! Only a connection and 10 ungraded papers between me and PHX. Last day of the semester in Tempe!
Every book is a children's book if the kid can read! Mitch Hedberg
Hey I think we still need to paint Vajenna tunnel!
yeah cause ur a fag
i.feel.like.shit....this.sucks.butthole...
Ready for lunch? How about Chicken Bruschetta Penne? Grilled chicken, balsamic roasted tomato, fresh basil & goat cheese!
01/24/10, I posted: "Is it me, or are the refs allowing the Saints a few too many #Cheap Shots? #Saints #NFL C'mon #Favre"
Getting some ideas at the IT interest group.
#FF these amazing guys
Are you a #local #lajolla #sandiego business wanting an effective marketing campaign? Dm your email and lets get started!
thanks for RT!
missed you. Was there yesterday :(
I need a week or two off just to get caught up :/
Movie theater chairs are THE MOST uncomfortable thing in this entire world... I can't even enjoy my movie
No.... e.e you're not obese. -_- hey hey hey, you're only like an inch taller!
western ave okc. With no warning.
If you can't say anything good about someone -- here, sit right here by me. Ha-ha!
I have a boyfriend
oh i see <3 aw feel better
I'm loving the ride i get from these new shocks.I'm officially ready to take on the road, any road!!!!
that is us tomorrow!!!! Housekeeper Thursday!
Home sweet home ☺
I know the feeling. Going to do a major closet clean out and list stuff on ebay! not too late for summer rite?
I need some plans for bday weekend need help
Hallelujia Chorus ringing out from all corners of Milwaukee, tonight...then I had to close windows...rain.
ill think bout it
RT - Might be going to a Patriots game this season in New England near Christmas time, possibly the Colts, Dolphins o...
I love Chicago! What a great city
Seems like Apple hates Facebook just as much as Google now
BTW, redesigned my blog a bit. Hope it's more engaging. www.stagemomma.wordpress.com... thoughts?
Alganon Trivia! What is the name of the race the side of Chaos created in response to the Kodian? First correct answer wins a beta key!
I myself would be very sad to see 's awesome features go away, too.
Oh of course, you guys are amazing! Friday's show was one of the best shows I've seen! Ridiculous talent and energy & hilarious!
Omw to D.Mills
Lower body + Intense stretching + 45 minutes on the exercise bike + plank. And, Day 2 of my no carb challenge COMPLETE!!!
what part of the US do u live in
gotcha, just busting your chops
after shooting 27.8% (5-18) from the field and committing 10 TO's, the Jam are only down 6points at the end of the first period (23-17)
Socrata is looking for permanent or contract web developers in Seattle. Virtual is OK for an exceptional candidate. LMK if interested
the Rangers going to the WORLD SERIES!!!!
Ruff day. Under tornado watch all day w/heavy rain & thunderstorms lightning strikes made 4 a bad recording day. Starting over 2morrow
I like this, mostly 'cause I'm not tapering at all. I took 6 weeks off in the middle of training, body's rested enough, damnit!
Don't speak <3
I really want to make a pistachio flavored cupcake. The spiced chai tea ones me and my friend made months ago came out so well!
sorry, I'm new to AA! Still learning your ins & outs...
Talk to us. We talk back. -zach
You don't have to feel like a waste of space. You're origial, cannot be replaced. <3
Nice. Just tell em to stop flyin all those black helicopters and then they'll leave you alone.
I don't think Kobe was to happy Steve Blake took that shot lol!
well I slept when I walked through the flower garden apparently
Playing in NYC tomorrow (Friday) at Angels&Kings, 7:45pm sharp! 21 and up to enter $5 at the door! 500 East 11th street
Sustainability more than thought at #ubuffalo. Art, science and technology merge at solar strand
Apparently I'm the only employee who speaks Spanish at #SamsClub today. I've had to translate a few times. It's fun and I LOVE it! :D
I wish that you will see this because I would LOVE it if u did and followed me<3 ily
July 1933:Nazis pass law allowing for forced sterilization of those found by a Hereditary Health Court to have genetic defects.
#artpolitics phase 2: voices of the dead ie wandering soul campaign in Korea
Braves Home Opener tonight!
Painting ceilings is the WORST. Ow!
GLOSS Moderne High-Gloss Shampoo extends the life of a keratin treatment (which I assume is the same as a brazilian)
Workouts these last couple of nights have been so good!! An amazing reliever to the boat-loads of stress and tension...
Let's go #SJSHARKS let's close this thing out today.
Yeah buddieee! Do it! You know what you guys should come to SEATTLE WASHINGTON next month
Thankz 4 following ••mauh•• so how can I be a angle??
Shoutout to all my new followers!! Still trying to figure this #Twitter shit out!!#Peace and
To follow Britney Spears or not to follow.. hm....
Nancy Friday~ When I stopped seeing my mother with the eyes of a child I saw the woman who helped me give birth to myself.
My rain dance appeared to have worked for a little bit, guess I better get back out and shake my booty a little more!
Reagan quote on Sat's show can't be from 1983. John Chancellor calls Reagan Governor. By 83, Reagan was Prez. cc:
i pod kick ass man oh yeah
I'm with you...
it's such a timeless song it's great
I feel so close to you right now, it's a force field <3
I am so excited for your new show tonight. I watched your comedy show marathon today in preperation. :-)
Settling in for a few minutes with my new issue of Tattoo Savage before bed. SO pooped. Come on Friday!
just writing a song... i don't know if it's a good song or not lol
Love it!
If Van, StL, NAsh & Hawks advance. Van vs Hawks & StL vs Nash LA wins. StL vs LA, Nash vs Hawks. Which is better for Hawks?
Had a bad dream and woke up with a broken heart.
everybody don't eat too much
Here's this week's #DC fun fact! At the #LincolnMemorial, #HonestAbe 's hands are in the shape of his initials in #AmericanSignLanguage! :)
Lmao! Not even! :p
buy me a pool 😭
Apparently talking about periods make people uncomfortable. Seeing as the vast majority of the population tend to speak in run-on sentences.
Southern Nights @ MarBar in Royal Palm Beach. Great first night. It's every Saturday night w dance classes w the Chicks from 8-10pm.
Hey that's cool NBC thanks for finally putting a game on the main network.
Where are you going?
thanks - and looking forward to it!
couldn't be better #george&weezy lol. I'm in a great place in life. How's it 4 u.
We'd love any and all RTs on that info about our next Flatstock, #ff love too! Thank you!
Where are we? What the hell is going on?
yep, I'll do that for you at 3:15p in the
broken thumb are you kidding me??? Cutler has actually been pretty badass lately, this sucks.
My mom just told me her corndog is hard..
Join us for our last weekend at Living As Form. Thursday: Alphabet City Acupuncture, Local Spokes & LES Squatter-Homesteader Archive!
Actually looking like New England weather outside - Let it snow
Awww It's soo adorable! Unlike you :p
Done Follow Back ? (:
Thanks, Erica. We're all very excited about creating a neighborhood group serving the interests of area businesses and residences.
You're right, you're right that was a fake smile. And you're right, you're right I am in denial.
#YouWasCuteUntil I saw your true personality...
Me: mom my internet security is almost done i need you to redo it My mom: you got $70? Me: no Mom: then your screwed wow thanks
Another reason the industry should embrace irfd tagging
just wrapped up a #speedbusters shoot w/ Mt Pleasant Police. Good timing because it's starting to rain.
ah well good luck
b, ridiculous notion
My programmer friends are talking. They mentioned "STD-colon-colon-swap." That sounds fucking disgusting.
u do no don't
Whatever you think the world is withholding from you You are withholding from the world. ~
lol I'll be doing the same..
Brewer game tonight. Pre-gaming with my Bernie garden gnome. He likes to party.
Big questions at John Meyer #cies2012 keynote, responding to world system argument
Got old handle back. :-)
"Friends" is really a fantastic TV show. I love it!
Randy ass car.
A good BA is worth his (or her!) weight in gold.
CHICAGO!! CHICAGO! My mission is to win those tickets for May 30th.. You're the shit :)
Awesome news!!!!!
too busy for my own good, but slowing down a bit now. Just started freelancing, so it's a new world!
good or bad?
congrats! wish you coulda been a MN Viking but hey - NY ain't bad either! God bless u as you move Tebow mania to the Big Apple!
Do not try to minimize me so that you can seem much bigger
follow me on Istagram Loves ~
can't wait for your premiere at SXSW--is it badge holder's only?
Tailgating with franziiskaner, shook hands with pirates president coonley. What's the better part of that story.
now blasting #BlowYourSpeakers by none other than
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us..
#NMRealEstate was there a specific topic or have you finished?
Oh you have no idea. This bitch detective is about to get a serious ear full of Tiffany.
there are a ton of relatively inexpensive tickets to Uk's game in NYC in November on stub hub
Like free food? Eating at Tommy Bahama? Say password "RELAX" to your waitperson before 4/19. You'll like the result.
you cant whoop me thats all i know...so
Okay, So upsetting... The one day I plan something it decides to be a cloudy day.. WTF!!! whatever, no cloudy day will ruin this plan!
I don't get why some people look away when they are talking to you.
my child is sick & cranky >:[
or a drum corps/indoor line is practicing by ya... Or they are playing alone. Lol
You are the furry, aren't you!?
Wish I could be spider-man
RT : Today's #TEDEd: The brand new TED-Ed website is launching tomorrow!
woh woh woh don't be showing off now, lol....1 a week is a good pace for me...you doing more buisness stuff or SEO web stuff?
Your life you will meet two type of people.The ones that build you up and the ones that will brake you down In the end you will thank them
Employment Coaching Sat. from 10-2pm @ 506 Central Ave for resume building, public speaking, interview prep, etc. We've got great services!
RT : Karl: "My hope and desire is to continue to be a playoff team."
should I worry too much about the fructose composition of various fruits?
Don't ever worry about ur future love. U r beautiful & mr right will show up when u least expect it.
Thanks Robyn! How could anyone not want to see a #devops presentation w/ raccoons AND koalas? :)
Haha, you've done your part, Mike. Of course, we'd always love an RT of the trailer--it's been getting a lot of love lately.
“: Thanks to and for helping me host some fantastic events this year." Thank u!
Feeling worse today than yesterday... I think next year I need to do some kind of marathon training to prepare for Rage lol
nope. mention me last in a tweet how dare you. not friends in my book. swagggie
Just a reminder that the 43rd doesn't have a meeting tonight - every year in August we have our picnic instead. See you on Sept. 20th!
worked on beatz all day..hard work
#AskRyan Who's your favorite superhero? (:
U go girl!
Awesome! Keep it up Eric!
Looking for a company to install a couple windows in Commerce City, CO. Who wants the job?
Cycling class nearly killed me.
In st.louis to speak at an international center, 2 schools, and 4 church services. Please pray that will speak thru me loud and clear!
Via BGN's NJBammer: What player did you see in college that you think will have best pro career and why?
Oh, and did I mention that I've got Girl Scout cookies?! This day is kicking ass!
done and done. That looks amazing!!!!!!!!!!! Salivating.
RT Luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often." Brian Tracy
hahaha yes. I felt bad. He played a great game.
The malts for the South Wedge Summer Wheat are milled and ready to be brewed in the next few days!
Thursday the only place to be is fiesta grill in phx 16th n roosevelt. album release party! Co hosted by Rt.
Final total for June - we raised $110 for Interfaith Hospitality Network of Colorado Springs. Thanks to all who donated!
Doctor wishin me happy birthday and shit that's love
Will have to try these sometime but I'm only running 6 miles. Not up to the big leagues yet!
In MKE, we'd love to host you for a visit to one of our schools where our corps are working to support students.
I totally agree. He never should have done it. Inexcusable. But does he have a right in the theatre to not label it fiction?
I'm chewing gum, walking my dog and tweeting all at the same time.
Long live the CIAholes!
Going to see #future for the first time tonight...
Stayin up all night to get on Bangkok time. Wish me luck! ;)
I swear I always feel better after I go for my jogs
Friday the 13th. Guess who's Freddy..
Wheels up back to dc
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW SanDisk 16 GB microSDHC Flash Memory Card
yes both of them. haha
"You don't have to be great 2 get started, but you have 2 get started to be great" by Les Brown
Go Cats!! Congrats to Coach Calipari, Buster Brow, and the whole Big Blue Nation #comebackforseconds!
So I assume you would trade places with Katie Holmes in a heart beat correct?
The Nathan's fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest is America's way of giving the finger to every 3rd world country
Good night of Arabian Nights pinball at Shotwell's. didn't save the princess tho.
QUOTE OF THE DAY: "Your should read it. It's a book about how to make your website for the internet."
I know, right! It was really funny but unnerving. :)
Hello Matt Nordegren at LH gym. How's that stair master treating you
#MrW is a MACHINE! As our Feature he finished the College Season 71% 37 Unit Return & currently 68% NFL 29 Unit Return! BPOSport.com
- Awesome show last night !
not you...
Is it okay to DISOBEY Local Rule of the N.D Fla. Federal Court to carry out Autism bullying & abuse of a disabled Plaintiff by an attorney?
yup, just amazing how quickly they achieved their growth… $1.8M of wealth created each day of their existence!
ah ur the best daughter ever!! I love you and I would do anything for you!! :-)
are you into #fashion shows locally Jenny?
would your 5 year old self look up to who you are now? think about it
Forecast for Thursday: Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s. North winds 10 to 15 mph.
Happy New Year Everyone!!! :)
The countdown clock is started....... 25 days: 11 hours: 59 minutes: 10 second www.sofiafellini.com
I used Coda when I was Mac-based. Loved it. Had to go PC, use EditPlus now.
Taylor Hicks RT : Bored with this game. Think I need to totally revamp my music library. Any band/song recommendations?
lol. well put. RT I wish that report also talked about social media as a % of overall revenue. 40% of nothing doesn't mean much
Tried a cheaper cat food and Soot brought roadkill into the house. Damn, everyone in this family is a foodie.
Re baby squirrel. That's probably the reason why I liked it. Gives me reassurance that the world is still loving & helpful
So yeah it was definitely Alli.
FREE MATTHEW TURNER CASE
If Rodgers can't get the job done, I'm sure Flynn can throw for another 480 yards. Go Pack!
": I wonder if a receptionist at a sperm bank has ever used the phrase "thanks for coming"" now this is what I want to do
Wow!! There aren't words to describe the beautiful music sung by Choral Union!
Left cheeck, right cheek.
. "Drift" - very easy to stop things in DC. Corporations can easily get legislators, regulators to not do things
RT I am so very p90xsore today. Why didn't someone remind me that writing>exercise
And thanks for responding to the last couple of questions I've asked!
Pre-qualify to win the prize pak library listen & win .com
Diggin' the tunes.
RT : We may affirm absolutely that nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion. Hegel
don't let your right hand know what your glad hand is doing: the mark huntsman story
I think he could have used more work on smoothing out those awkward pauses but overall he said the things people needed to hear
Please post video link ASAP.
I can send that along to the jazz programmers mailing list and see what happens. Let me email you in a sec...
What good does it do to have a Bucket List if your Bucket has a whole in it? ~ Lisa Morgan
MedlinePlus.gov is a very reliable medical resource, but god, it's search function stinks
Picked a perfect day to wear a white shirt... -_-
haha it's okay (:
Odd turn of events.
you are a true inspiration to me and all your fans. And i absolutely loved your movie Never Say Never ! <3 :)
#Cosign #Swag RT : I take better care of my hair than most u bitchess .....
of course that's all you want... lmao #junglefever !!!
American criminal justice is frustrating. Seeing criminals working the street and the innocent locked up. Our freedom awaits!
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 1
After the rally? Everyone was an asshole; shoving, cutting 1 another off to get to their cars + being dicks on the road. Pt 2
I do plan to be at the launch attempt. See you there!
Yes your tweets are showing up :)
We are NOW HIRING Promoters | Bartenders | Bottle Girls. Send Resume to:
you tearing up those mean streets of Washington bro? Hope it's not raining. I hear mother nature gets it in that way
rangers won.
I choose love, passion, & extreme faith in a pre-destined plan for my life! I also choose to deeply care for teenagers-tough wrk
The Great Gatsby in 3D? Here's hoping they drop Rambo in there.
who slapped themselves on that verse?
Whoa fb chat online by accident & I get 6 Hi's from random guys. That's why I always keep it turned off smh
Glancing quickly at this I saw you saying something about rubbing one out “: Feels great to run one out on my home turf!”
My mom finally ordered my internal hard drive for my laptop, yes!
I love your song "Call Me Maybe"
Finished A business litig. binding arbitration. Closing arguments by briefing instead of live. Mid 6 figures at stake in 2 related cases.
A cappuccino with a swirl of foam in the shape of a heart.
MY GIRLFRIEND BEING A ASSHOLE I need convo people
so tired
I've never seen such a huge case of spring fever as this week at Georgetown.
trying to!
This service is more intimate.
Thank you and have a wonderful Thanksgiving this season.
Any arena/fan base that uses the chicken dance at a playoff game does not count as true hockey fans
Happy Fat Tuesday!! Can't wait to watch tomorrow night :) Cheers to Mardi Gras!
RT Trying to kill a spider but you missed and thinking, "It's going to kill me in my sleep"
": Well the T is a disaster...going on 45 min commute." -twitter is for news Michael. You know that.
#breitbart is the reason I follow most of the people I follow and the reason I know about the conservative movement. Will be missed!
aww ok. Well next time u come back on this side of the map u should let me know
Looking forward to seeing you at NAKland on May 21.
YOU FAN, YOU BELIEBER
Tiger!!! Im his good luck charm. 3 birdies since I started watching.
I would be a mess! I really hope they find it. I know how much work you put into your pieces.
I'm so proud of my babies. :')
Life knocks u down but,God will always help u back up. May God bless u and his Angels surround u.
Congrats on 25 years (this weekend) of highlighting the best in WI
MT : a BIG thank you for going to #attawapiskat and the worldwide attn u r bringing to this. THANK U
Grossman out & Rinaldo not suspended is good for the #pens. Rinaldo will take at least one dumb penalty.
#PCGaming is not dead nor will it ever be. It's alive and spreading to the masses with new devices, apps and free-to-play games.
#ImHopingThat a hole in the ground opens up while u walking and u fall in
Happy Belated Birthday!! :)
its nitetime in dallas and still 100 degrees outside smfh
I'm sorry but unless your playing for the buccos which isn't out of the question it's unacceptable
ha I was like "damn he can almost shake his ass better than me" LOLOLOL
It's raining outside. Time to go to deep thoughts mode......
Nice! Love the pecs!
ok, we just upgraded to newest Flash, maybe that fixes the issue. It looks like a Flash rendering problem.
When the Brewers signed Doug Davis?
Bynum got taught something real quick
#TRUTH IS WHEN I SAY I LOVE YOU ND YOU SAY IT BACK
Sold. I totally should've taken Amtrak. If only I'd known I'd be coming from OAK...
I'm not with my mom, she's in Brazil! but we had lunch together on Skype! =D #lovetecnology!
I always dream too much and never sleep enough
Bella's Pizza in Smyrna? Don't mind if I do :)
Dallas clubbin with my bitches
Sad I have to miss this year but looking forward to it next year
"Pocket universe?" Is that a Men In Black 2 reference?
I doubt that the imagination can be suppressed
Just bought my tickets for the Mets game on Friday! YES!
A live wiiirrrreeeeeeee
#onlyskinnyppl wear tight ass shit and create a movement
@ Quicken Loans for the last segment of today's event
Great film B Harbet!
Harper went yard tonight
Gorgeous weather here in Traverse City! Get out and enjoy all this sunshine.
March is Voter Awareness Month!
nope, we'll have people at the Texas Ironman, but I'll be on vacation.
The #NewYorkKnicks choked and I am so disappointed that I probably will not even watch the next game; we are awful in the fourth quarter.
This makes ideal sense for FB since they only care about what is of "the moment" to keep building their momentum. FB is annoying.
shout out!!
Fisher is more of a Trojan mule. Slow, small, and a mix between a horse and an ass.
you were being sarcastic about the overboard comment right?
the morning is flying! hopefully the afternoon does the same
UNCHARTED3 BEST PS3 GAME EVER!!!!!!
you're making me extremely excited to see tomorrow.
great space here in SOMA SF very clean, quiet and comfortable. Love having multiple option to go to in the city
hahah seben. Well, your show was great last night. :)
Poor man..in the face
I like how as soon as I beat Hour of Twilight, my step mom said she was at my house. I didn't think I was going to beat it in time. :P
I could sure use an episode of Doctor Who tonight!
Thanks for sharing, Beautiful piece,
2am and I am making red velvet cupcakes for an early morning delivery.
and tonight at Anybody else stoked?
why r u there..
At least I know I'm not alone in bemoaning lack of support / follow-up from re: AMEX failing to update. Thanks, tweeps
I'm just thinking of stuuff.. I don't know... just thinking. Ha. Long story.
That really made my day
lame niggas be quiet you in the presence of a real nigga
Madison Tweeps: check p2 of 2day...great article, "Know Your Madisonian" by Thx 4 the heads up Dennis :)
Simply put, I love 's free private git and mercurial repos.
I'm just wondering why the hell pistol dueling fell out of vogue. American presidents used to shoot people left and right. Why'd that end?
Welcome new follower & amazing #Vegas attraction !
Slow talkers suck.
beating on prime ministers? Niiiceee
Thanks for the RT! About that time for the FREE wine tasting. Cheers!
International book club for reading coffee in Japan!
Shoutout to for being my bestest friend ever! <3 Go follow her
okay, so NBC management couldn't leave #Eureka alone
baby we were born to love.
Someone standing near me at is eating a McDonald's value meal
You think Kobe has bubble-guts or leaky faucet?
RT : Children built aircraft for Barrington Irving to fly around the world!
u look amazing with dark hair
599 calories above sea level>>>>>
hey....stop trying to steal Jesus' birthday!
I just wanna go on a bike ride
okay, then this weekend.
amanda brandon and troy : ) we will have a spare bedroom for you to crash in
Really salty today
. Hi Naomi. Nice that u got to connect & catch up w/ ur brother. I'm still hoping to have a cup of coffee/drink w/ u next trip. :)
Was this filmed before or after he quit the church? RT : Mary Mary done called Mase for a feature. Jesus, guide the bus!
I've been getting shit for hating on Hanie too, looks like we're right though!
If ur that one person who always lies people know it so don't try to convince people to believe anything u say work in the am night :)
The FTHB tax credit ends in less than 3 weeks. Don't let $8,000 slip away from you!
the results are in 3 A's 2 B+'s, coulda done better but
Honk Honk (soundtrack to sexual harassment)
Why the hell is my old twitcon showing :((
Is Karl Rove's face available? MT : Dealing w/ Bain now requires putting a human face on Romney business background.
Can someone tell me how to insert a picture into a DEN blog?
well if I went from having 90 days to having a lot more it would look like I was lying on the reporting to them. that is concern
SUNRISE PHOTOSHOOT AT THE BEACH THIS SUNDAY JULY 10TH. MESSAGE ME IF INTERESTED.
Happy #EarthHour - the lights are down here at BIN 36, are yours?
u are so twitterfied. How's the life going bro?
If you see today, make sure to wish him a happy birthday. He's 16! Yikes!
Happy New Year
Codename kids next door....my newest/oldest favorite show <3 ;)
Cutch is Clutch!
Your haiku tumblr is fantastic. Just wanted you to know you have +1 loyal reader.
I got freaked out about the plane shaking and not being able to hold steady. Now, I'm sequestered in memphis. (not actually)
The quandary: Standby on a flight already mechanically delayed an hour or stay on my departure in an hour on a sound bird?
Thanks! :) I feel great about it now! Gonna give it my all! I owe it to my coach!
McKenna: go to my Facebook page. It's the drudge report of Wisconsin
When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course
that shit is tight cuz I feel y'all flow man yall killed that thang
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind." Happy birthday Dr. Seuss!
Wondering when cankles will become a favored body part.
I don't doubt that to be honest. Unfortunately, it can't all be fake accounts. Some fans are just that crazy.
i'm sorry for real, though.
Is it Saturday yet? We can't wait for , "The Winemakers," to host "The Rhone Valley, A river Runs Through It."
Seems too complicated, plus I think it would need a gesture version to gain traction.
Jersey Shore soon :)
All parts of a perfomance are important,do NOT underestimate the "details"
Too scared to lead climb today. Think I'll stay at home to watch videos.
#edusadoha useful discussions and best practices on US and MENA university linkages
Hug your dog. Let him/her know how much you love them.
true but be patient. yours will be joining the Mavs next week as well. they can fish together. peace out and have a good 1
Have a wonderful night everyone!!! Swtdreams :)
some really embarassing after taking it lolol
Support Envy Protege Designs by visiting the Face Book "Envy Protege Designs" and clicking "Like!" Thank You!!! every click isa BIGsupport<3
not yet, but we did have a bacon tart, bacon chocolate chip cookie, and bacon ice cream last night at
This lady sitting behind me not only speaks a different language but keeps looking at me as if she is going to rob me when I fall asleep
I gave in! I'm officially on twitter...
Today is the info meeting for dance at the highschool!!!!!
Be sure to make it out Sunday at 1 pm for our match against Jacksonville!
Congrats! Hope you had a great run!
Just had the most amazing dinner courtesy of Edge Hill College, Lancashire w/ and Jane Clarke Rocks!
drove down pch to pacifica today....Ridic! Good to have ya back in norcal. We been holding it down for you
All in good time! You'll get it all done, and it will be fabulous.
Very saddening no one my age thinks of the thinks I think of......
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
Howdy! New to the twitters?
would love to learn more about the available dev API. , thanks!
true test of character: it isnt how u are on ur best days, its how u are on ur worst days. reality tv & life lessons.
At least 's Twitter profile picture is appropriate.
Time to relax
lucky well that's true i wonder if she will make you sit there and do nothing.
Friday dinner with some friends and probably costume and club on sat!!! Want to come to dinner Friday???
UC Davis students, this alumna and former staff member is proud of you. Keep up the good, peaceful work.
Why you gotta be on my friends tho...like tf-.- aha damn.
I wanna go to queens and the bronx today but I have too much hw :(
Preperation + Audition ='d My CALL BACK!
Under the federal tax code, the NFL is classified as a nonprofit organization.
awesome! When will you be on?
Thanks again for the connection .. I had a great time with 's crowd tonight. (Let's do this again!)
Success - They can because they think they can.
Did line 14 hawthorne to SE Foster just stop..yes I am the reason..catchUP <Belinda Jackson>
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public
Women in Business Conference attendees use #kogodwomen to get all the latest updates before and during the conference!
I have to stop working for an early birthday surprise from Greg? Well...ok. :-)
now that I just may believe! all's fair in the virtual stratosphere (?)
And right now, if I move to twice per week, I'd still have a lot of May covered...
I just had a weird vision of "The Battle of Helms Deep" and micro-sized humans.
there's a book called Smashing Wordpress. It's great at explaining
cool. Who have you had out there so far? We should link back up and let me get the acts out there for you.
": Follow and gain 3+ followers from me #LetsDoit"
i kno u do
. Money can't buy talent. Auto tune only goes so far. But hey, if I had the money I'd do the same thing.
Shopping for diamond earrings to cure a crappy day? Sure, why not.
Friday what?! What are yall up to this weekened? How about some #FF's? I'd love it if some of you put me in yours! :)
don't tease me you little lectroid.
Obama announces after "soul searching" that he now supports gay marriage. Gee wiz, sure am glad he cleared that up for us!
didnt i text you...and me and jazz walk all the time. You are losing your lil sis credibility...
i may or may not have eaten a chocolate bar for breakfast this morning. oops.
yea for sure
Yes! He just got home from doing stand-up at a new club,
Love love love stripping to mastodon!!!!!!
Just failed my last algebra II test of the year👌
last day off before i have to work tomorrow...bouncing is boring as shit on a thurs
IGreat weekend, now time to figure out these next couple days. How was your weekend?
Will do! Thanks!
o well ok, dnt b gettin n no trouble I kno where u b @, lol
Ok....im listening to French Kiss by n im curious....where is a bottom lip on our pussy?????
I'm pretty sure Crash has that one locked up for the foreseeable firure
#FaceOffFridays #TheDBSC #FTL 'ALL NIGHT!' Come party w/ the young wavy nigga$
Everybody is a genius...if U judge a fish by its ability 2 climb a tree, it will spend its whole life believing that iti s stupid. ~Einstein
Boarded the plane. I have a coffee, a juice, Snickers, Esquire, a book, my glasses, a phone, a Blackberry, an iPod and a pen.
One kid has a three-day-old scratch on her elbow she keeps calling attention to. Now that it's trendy, my whole class has elbow ailments.
its comical how people make assumptions but yet they know nothing about that person
Chuck Norris has two speeds: Walk and Kill.
One of my all time favorite novels. Make sure to read "On Stranger Tides" as well.
well, I couldn't sound obsessive : )
Congratulations to all the Communication Studies students recognized at the department's Student Achievement Night!
your event was great
Merry Christmas ho ho ho. Santa came last night I saw him.
It's crazy how people are always expecting others to do things for them when you should take initiative & start doing things for yourself!
please follow me! (:
TO THE WINDOW TO THE WALL TILL SWEAT DRIPS DOWN MY BALLS!! ALL DEEZ BITCHES CRAWL! AWWW SKI SKI MOTHER FUCKER<3
attended the San Francisco Symphony opening night gala. Ms. Jessye Norman was tremendous!
you are rude.
So at I've gotten two new nicknames: "TeDiva" and "Teddy RockSassy" lol
Who shops at Thrift Stores or Second Hand Shops?
r u here my love?
I'll have to watch tomorrow.
Thanks wearing sweater that I wore to his show when we got engaged. just said thats what a 16 year old girl does!
A life-sharing app producing quasi-artistic content is not worth 1B. 1M AdDroids who us it (and then 100M adopting soon) might be though.
