so #excited for this shoot! Geting ready to go viral ;)
Chicago Bears stand pat at offensive line in draft
Im coming high breed music ski new York
Thanks for following .....ooh la la ; P
Jiminez has to get his pitch count down as well. That will come with him fixing his control issues.
Thanks!! I hope you only know that from the previews.
but with the response I got, I think thats the last time I will take a reduced rate job that has me working over 100hrs in a 7 day period
Those photos were taken pre Blue Ivy.
All I want is u
"Yes Crystal lol. Wats wrong? RT : Im always the bad guy huh ?"
we need no less than 2 runs here off CC. FOR THE LOVE OF GOD NO GIDP
I'm pretty positive that my foot is broken.
never got up while u got ready... never had a gut #feeling... what's goin on???
I can easily summarize who I am; a 12 year old girl that loves God and Jesus with all her heart <3 and my church :)
#IfIDontGetBelieveTickets it's going to turn into the Hunger Games: Belieber edition.
oh my gosh. How painful was that..? :/
"Productivity is less about time management than it is about mind management." --David Kadavy, author of "Design for Hackers,"
Lol its not but it makes sense to me! 😜
Very cool! Enjoy!!
Working like a hebrew for the last month...I pop back on twitter and still has the fire avi :)
How on earth did that happen?
I understand. Have a great meeting!
BE A WINNER!
“: I really can't handle school tomorrow” YES you can!
Looking forward to seeing your #eportfolio tool.
Thanks to everyone who supports us!!!!
Thank you! RT : y'all did a great job in your sessions. Matt was impressive. Continued success!
what are the odds Zidane head butts entire French team after world cup?
So much goodness! My heart flutters!
dude I already follow you :) remember?
There's a fire starting in my heart reachin' the fever pitch and it's bringing me out the dark...(8)
Love that feeling on the Amtrak when the bathroom door not only doesn't lock, but slides open...while you're peeing.
Yay! “: Today: Muppet Zumba, crafting with , and dinner with Oscar. #happydance”
just read your story tonight, pretty amazing.
THE COUNCIL tonight at Bus Stop. 9 to close, Britpop and booze. Moping allowed, but not encouraged.
Ugh. Stuck in the Dulles cell phone lot with a dead car battery.
very interesting indeed!
John Leonard is a very happy customer - anything for you guys!
Getting written up is like, shitty.
The Titanic Soundtrack was the best selling album of 1998. That music seems sad and morbid to me.
Crafters make Pinterest a community meeting place
Have a role for you as well in the feature film "Characters" I would prefer you over Vanessa Williams
I swear I had separation anxiety from him! 😖
Applause but no standing o from Leonard #Lance on call for comprehensive immigration reform
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. ~Jim Rohn
with rexy out is benching S.Moss a good idea or a great idea?
Semantic web lolpandas are the next big thing. Trust me.
i know that =] lol love ya!
RT : The java-intensive grade center is over featured - give users the option to select simple or complex interfaces
Spring is underway, so time to ditch the coat and enjoy the season of love! Treat your sweetie to something sweet at DG!...
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers! :)
why Miami gotta stay classy? Nobody would do it for us? foh!!
9 o clock. if you dont want to drive u can ride w/ me.
Omg, you remember that xD
Cherry picking old drunks
Go ! Plenary
I'm Putting On A Dress
Getting ready for game 3. Hope Verlander is on fire tonight. Go Tigers!
Macking on the a.m news weather lady: check: batting cage sesh:check: now time for a fun filled evening at the car wash!
Take me there!!! : CNYapproved tourist spot: Rachel & Monicas apt in friends. ://t.co/2HUAmUqw
The footwork in footloose>>>>.
and a bit of Folger's coffee? C'mon, you know you want to.
I wish would follow mee..please:)
Later skater
#erl12 David Beales doing a wonderful presentation on challenging the big deal
love your twitter handle. I'm definitely a gator girl fan myself!
Rivals G'town and Syracuse have teamed up to "Can It!" Donate to the canned food drive on campus til 2/8 to benefit Capital Area Foodbank.
ur voice and presence is real missed on RAW
Woke up at 7AM to the sound of a tornado siren. Now sitting in a room hoping nothing actually happens
Just had to correspond with Wagner's granddaughter and I had no idea how to address her: Frau? She is music royalty.
Ok well nevermind it's back. For a second there I thought I was going to die.
Be it ever so humble there is no place like home. I just realized I've been in my two years today!
Massive equivocation. And do they actually consume it? Or are they saving and investing it?
making a last chance effort to get to come to cuse.
I've pulled together some TSUC spirit gear items for you to look at.
You are very welcome. Thanks for the follow.
New day, new beginning
fundraiser assembly today at school. im ready to sell those frggin magazines HOLLAAA
But i know he's happy & so am I.
On the internetz? RT : Someone fight me
Tonight my home will have 9 friends, family & loved ones sleeping over. 5 bedrooms. 3 bathrooms & one 50 gallon water heater...
Enjoying toasted pumpkin seeds & looking forward to stuffed pumpkin for dinner. Great Fall day!
Monthly networking meeting starts in an hour - get over to Cafe Allegro ()!
Art field trip woooot!
You taste like heaven. But god bows you were built for sin
I miss that. 💔
ohh, sure it is! :D haha
bonus points to you if Operation #guestofawedding #styledilemma dress results in a date!
we appreciate it thanks for the correction!
deserves an 
best part are the wrong photos. Ferrell wishes he was a son of anarchy! And Kal penn?
An Australian billionaire wants to build a Titanic 2....Really?
Screw the Super Bowl. It's all about the Puppy Bowl #APL! (And kitten half time show.)
Had delicious scones this morning at the Hilton Bonnet Creek in Orlando. I had a cinnamon and a chocolate chip - so good! Warm and delic!
As would I.
ITEDs today. More like Iowa test of endless dots. I just wanna go home :(
Ugh im awake rite now nd i needa be awake in 5 hours. I might as well stay up all night
So proud of everything that is doing. he's such an inspiration. we love him<3
There was a girl with a licenses plate that said SOS**** I instantly think of and <3
Time will tell. Can Colvin be consistent? RT : Colvin's play has to have Fowler living on borrowed time, yes??
what's an oyceter? o.O
And ironically enough, you prob only need the "amenity" for 10 days a year in ATX.
Orientation was fun .. (: Church later<3
Support my boy !!! You can find him on Twitter and under Antidote on TheMarijuanaCommunity.com. Go check him out!!!
Go to the Bill Kay Chevrolet Facebook page and click like & than click like On Angelique's photo ! She the baby in the pink swing! Thanks!!!
NF follow back
Hi matt..
Haven't been able to sleep the past couple of nights (weeks), this sucks.
Many just use it as a job board. :-( MRT : recruiters answer twitter faster than email if they know what they're doing
now im back on deck
Following along with
to all our linked friends...the auction commences @ 11pm esellauctions.com folks
Wait, why did I think TDD was Tequila Driven Development. Maybe this weekend I'll try it once more to make sure
super loud. It was awesome!
It will be available in US?
The person who lived in this apartment before me got gummy vitamins delivered the other day. I took them and am eating them like candy.
I have NOT tried Batter Up!Great name. Comparing cupcake quality may be my next adventure. :)
have you written about the movie 'The Sixth Man' yet? Bob Bender's idea to improve recruiting?
is a cutie :)
Trying to kill MKG but he CAN'T BE STOPPED
I'm ready for the weekend. Once work and baking are done, it's flip cup tourney and Phillies! Woop!
The Greater Indiana Chapter will be closed for Good Friday.
As now he is hitting Aguero?!?!
Happy Mother's Day, Marney!
Vincent, did you fall from heaven .. Because.. Uhmm.. Idk, but did you
From Elias Sports Bureau: 3 straight road wins by 20+ point margins is a first in franchise history.
when possible, leave the skin on your fruits and vegetables and cook them whole, retains more vitamins and nutrients.
#NAPP fan here...someday, WPPI. I blog at PSW for them...you need to join up again! They've updated their site--really fresh!
lol girl text me i havent heard from ya
Welcome to the Jungle! (Read: the Lower Lobby)
But for graduation!!:)
Excited to talk to #SDSU's theatre marketing class (THEA 345) about social media tomorrow. Any advice I should be sure to include?
where u at fam?!?
I switched mine out to Control-P. I might have had it set to Control-N for awhile?
ha yeah I was thinking the same thing.
do you think yu can do me a small favor o:P
Thanks for the RT! Had a blast last night... look for a blog review later!
#nowplaying the police
on Groupon today!
Confusion... Delusion... Reasonable Emotion... What's the point in tellin' the truth to a liar?
Q1 The beautiful coasts, historical ruins, and resorts!
Thanks! “: Almost a year since I visited NYC. I have many reasons for wanting to go back, but is number 1.”
what does that mean?;p
Today I shall judge nothing that occurs.
what u been up to lil bit?
See ya soon! RT : Meeting for coffee today.
But I Dont Wana Live Dat Way,Breathn In2 Every Word U Say,You Said That U Could Let It Go & I Wouldnt Catch U Hung On Somebody U Use To Know
YEAH!! #lovemyniece RT Good god do I love bourbon.
JUSTIN ON THE VOICE SOON! yayayayayya
aint nobody wana kiss yo rusty ass lips bitch!
Ok so I'm sitting in a room with 9 homeschool moms discussing high school stuff- I guess the other dads got the no man memo!
Comets - We need to stock our shelves for the fall, what would you like to see the us carry that we dont?
but not better than my I phone 4s
That is very very cute.
Watchin #beavis&butthead the video #Itsocoldinthed set Detroit back 5 years.. It should have never got directed....
well maybe if i knew that you were ACTUALLY going to keep it them on all day. maybe one day when you come ovaa~
When people over-react. <<<
Been awake since 3am ugh
Doug. Favorite.
Kids Choice Awards <3
It's a grand achievement!
Happy Birthday, Michael Jackson, Your are not Alone...! xoxo's
Visit us online at www.vancouverwahotel.com. Ask about our specials and packages.
Too bad Lebron didn't connect with that elbow. I'm sure would've minded to see him get gone...
Did you really think you were offsides when you tried the backheel shot against the LA Galaxy?
One of my favorite Mr Lif lines: "Dudes r actin macho and they don't know why. A famous never written law is that boy shud never cry"
Hey guys, we moved up to No. 11 on Top 30 countdown! It's all because of you. Keep requesting
Trivia was awesome, but how am i so buzzed off 2 beers?!?
My braces, are putting me in misery.
Stalking tweets for Sagittarius things, LOL.
(Robert J. Ringer) Success is not a grand slam homerun. It’s a matter of consistently hitting those dependable singles and doubles everyday.
Ah. I got Lagunitas and 3 Floyds confused for a moment. My bad!
Big monsters are the best! Love your music!!!!!
Lmfao, twitter just makes me angry sometimes, lololol.
i want to actually read this
hahahahhaha!!!!! Yay Ya Yay! I did manage to change my profile picture!
Thanks for the follow... hope to see you tomorrow morning at likemind!
I won the Art and Music gift basket at auction! Will be seeing you soon! :)
busy busy busy and thankful for my clients :)
I'm tired and a little cranky, so you have to make due with: #FF -- luv yas! Have a great weekend!
My stomach hurts so bad :/
I would love one of those beautiful salmon colored shirts!
Batman is poised under any circumstance. Just like Batman, Bosh strikes us with amazement.
Ron Paul says he will stop campaigning but continue to court delegates to strengthen his position at the Republican National Convention.
is live tweeting from the PGA Merchandise Show in Orlando. Check in with her for updates on all the sweet gear.
Did do the credits for #Volver with #PenélopeCruz? loved what did 4 spring!
Be yourself, its the only way of being and feeling beautiful ! <3
Dear pope, why can airplanes fly and I can't?
Yeah iPhone started twitching, what can I say it gets crazy.
Oh the memories!
ain't play for two games lol
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Relying on Jack White and Diet Coke to keep me awake on this gloomy morning.
Now's your time, #Royals. You don't get Verlander in this sort of predicament often. Take advantage of it, dammit!
I swear today is the day without smiles. Rest in Peace Jackie Boyer. <\3
could be used for hunting. Wait nevermind.
RT : Great interview with Tim Talley (Founder & CEO of ULace) look for the interview in the Fashion Issue of !
Ugh I have to go to this stupid thing today
can we go on a movie date? I no longer have a solid movie going friend. its quite disappointing
fuck THE AVENGERS, fuck STAR WARS, this is now MCA DAY.
Is there a bigger waste of time/$ than NFL draft day?
Laura's Catering is now doing all food for The Alumni Club in Stoneridge Plaza.
hahaha havent been on myspace in FOREVER! damn thought i deleted that thing lol
Lip sync?
great point. As convinced as I am that Sarah Phillips has an Indian wiener, I keep hoping for the best... (a black one)
He who dreams of greatness will only find greatness in his dreams
Congrats on trip to NYC. You deserve it and always give credit to team mates. You make us Badgers proud.
Wait. Someone hit our mailbox, then took it. So we also get to buy a post.
Live in Dade County
Don't judge me wen I tweet I just be bored tho
Why do I love you? Because I finally learned what the word means, and you were the one who showed me.
I'm sorry friend ! I hurt your feelings Dx
I do not like to hurt!
Might you like to join us May 5/6 for our annual Spring Plant Sale? 400-500 ppl expected. Pls dm if interested!
People will try and take u there... Smh
I'm not getting much beauty sleep lately...good thing I'm getting a make over tomorrow!
We care about you, your projects, and your needs. We are here to serve you, so how can I help??
No plans for Opening Day? organized an awesome promotion. Buy an I Hart MKE shirt there today and they'll buy your 1st drink!
Some family from Houston is here. Haven't seen them in forever. Too bad the reason is my uncle's funeral.
I know it's the end bit Taylor is full of crap she knows what she said and Lisa even knew that she must have said something!
What percentage of the workforce do you think is "working from home" tomorrow?
It was very good. Go see it.
Resentments will ruin ones life' will bring sickness even death. Clear your soul of it and practice love, peace, joy, wisdom in ones life.
so disgusting.
you dont like the iconic boyz
I looked for you also- I'm the one crossing my arms like a rockstar!! I have a blue M (Old Brewer hat) on facebook.com/kevin.pelkey
beach with my best friend...if I ever find my bathing suit.
What is that?
#Follow my boy and Win a brand new TouchPad with Beats by Dre
We're gonna skate to one song and one song only.
Thanks so much!
I'll be the the 4th
Ran into mom at Potbelly
": Once you lose my trust good luck getting that back."
OK, ill try being nicer if you try being smarter.
How serious is it that you wanna shoot & kill someone?
we are both #PSU students - owner is accounting major. Prof. referred her to them, and I make
You inspire me #mom2summit because of this amazing thing you did and IT'S TRENDING!!!!!!
Yea I am did u change pin or sumn RT : hey where u been? U not on bb anymore??
Game, set, match. Point, Avengers. Game Over. End of game.
Get happy! Happy hour specials every day from 4-7! We've got $3 Chicago dogs, $2 strong beer, and 1/2 price chips & salsa!
I love when people at work comment how I look "drained & tired". Code words for "you look horrible".
I want to say 5/25 but I could be wrong...
FMC Corporation Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
After 2 years of supporting Bunbury I'm officially saying he is NOT progressing. Looks like he's getting worse.
I am in all for Digital Humanities and Dirt in western North Carolina
kudos 2 as reward I'll attempt 2 go 24 hrs w/o asking 4 his plan. #wheresBobsplan? Damn didnt even finish the tweet!
happy weekend!!!
So happy that we were able to set the InfoCamp date & venue a full 6 months in advance! Oct 2 & 3 at Seattle Univ: it's gonna be awesome.
WOW- I love the image and quote on slide 13 about drinking water from hydrant. SO powerful!
Mike Stoops is causing Oklahoma to lose!!!
I have not spent this much time on Twitter in months! Today is so slow at work. Got my shit done very quickly.
is getting up to speed with social media. shifting one old idea at a time...
Hearing a great talk by Rey Ramsey from TechNet
I hate funny acting people, acting like u have something to do today, nigga SHUT UP ! sheesh I know who's a good friend and whose not.
UO sells wedding dresses now? seriously?
Being called dida << that isn't my name ..
Aw, thanks guys!
So sore... Oh well, off to class 😏
cupcake!?!? What's good for the skin there? Or does it just smell yummy!?
It might be the fact that he looks like he died three weeks ago and Acura is pulling some Weekend at Bernies shit
Insensitivity is my specialty
OPENING SOON, the culmination of my hopes and dreams Please follow!!
Would LUV it if U would go LIKE my FAN Page on FB Miss Dallas 2012!
This is still fun when I read it. ": I'm way passed the kissing chapter."
battle or santonio in flex?
work hard, ladies and gents. work hard and somethin's gonna pay off. =]
Adele looks like a nice version of Ursula.
Ezra Pound~ Literature is news that stays news.
so I could be doing it wrong with the ratio of frozen/liquid/solid, or the order I put them in, but it overheats sometimes
Your wife is hot. Better get your A/C fixed.
yay! Bring your sign :)
WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ! FREE RAFFLE! OPEN SUNDAYS FROM 8-6 PM WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!
how do we get in rotation on getbrutal.fm?
140 characters is more than enough to touch somebody's heart or to create a smile. ;-) <3
I know :((( lets just say, she might have stood on a spinning computer chair and fell at work haha
Truth! RT "raised" you to be a change agent.Whatever your passion or profession, don't forget that.
HeadShot Tip: You’re the star of your shot, not the background that you’re positioned in front of!
Do you follow any special recipes or do you just wing it and throw in a bunch of shit?
Off to the #tikibarge hearing. Should be a hoot...
honestly so stressed out
bro whats good? I haven't talked to you in forever.
Domo know he funny! I asked him like 20 years ago to DM me! See we know who be playing now
Thanks for the shoutout! I LOVE being a rockstar - LOL! Can't wait for DC mixer with
Thanks Matt! You should, it's such a fun time to be a developer - so many possibilities!
3AM....and I'm listening to "You Don't Want Drama" from 8 Ball & MJG
The principles you live by create the world you live in; if you change the principles you live by, you will change your world.
only get a classic t and classic black or khaki hat combo for $30 thru Oct only.
you're blowing up my timliiiiiiiiiine #notmad actually VERY entertained.
Sweet swapping dreams tonight! Get excited for all the new clothes, shoes and accessories you're going to get at the swap tomorrow!
on the bright side the girl who worked at the taco spot was pretty cute. Lol.
Thank You! RT Thinking While Black: 13-yr-old Jada Williams & "... Life of Frederick Douglass' to Black Education
Hey love, How are you?
It's hard to beat a team when you commit 20+ fouls and they score 35 FTs. UK played a great game. IU just didn't do enough.
Glad you liked it, we both really enjoyed reading it a lot as you can tell.
Thanks!! Cant wait to finally meet u!
“: Sometimes the biggest snakes come in the forms of the prettiest people...#DAM” <yep!!! & the cats right beside you!
Planning to grow my team soon. Lots of work coming my way. Stay tuned ...
#MusicMonday - Tell All Your Friends About I DOUBLE Dog Dare You!
Happy Mothers Day!!! What u doing with ????
Happy St. Joseph's Day!
OMG I know, it's not really a good choice that both bands make cause both fan bases HATE eachother
Fill in the Blank: Gefilte fish to you is ____
cartman becomes a jew!!!!!
is where I get all my framing done. Joseph and his team are amazing! They have framed my last 4 shows and will frame the next one
I think Jabari Parker has won every award available this year!
I ain't finna waste it on no hoes either the could gtf
POTUS takes the stage now.
Its a tough job but someone's gotta do it! ;-)
Hanging out with a good friend. Taking a break from the grind
Good morning twitterworld.
You two forget how to tweet?
Who would you rather have review Caro? I thought it was pretty good!
Every thing you go through, is meant to hurt you or destroy you, sometimes it's just meant to help you find clarity,strength, and hope.
yeah, gotta get a fuel filter tho
We love Chicago! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks Chicago!
BTW: You're so much more than you voice lil lady.
Summer Deals: $3 Burger Wed., $4 Big Salad Mon., VIP Tues. at Scholars & 1/2 Martinis ALL SUMMER LONG!!!
Sarah will also be speaking at the Humanities Council's DC Community Heritage Summer Symposium, Tuesday June 22, MLK Library Washington, DC
There are so many different kinds of people out there but sometimes we just have to find ourselves first :)
I been good lol yourself ?
When buying a house,don't let attractive cosmetics influence you.You can buy a tired-looking house, make the cosmetic improvements yourself.
Just had the an amazing pizza. It was lean cuisine but nonetheless so freaking good!
#sotu GO OBAMA!!
Omg omg omg Puck singing Mean omg I'm dying! #obsessed #inlove 😘😘😘
Bored but i'm find :)
Wow! What a great compliment from "New mantra: local, unique, compelling. OK Berlioz Requiem fits all 3"
virginia tech campus
at Sabattic...not too far away drinking PBR.
Intelligent... Duh
Rooftop dance party? Whaa?
Loose lips sink ships.
Tupac's picture looks real but this is not the modern day Elvis Mystery ITS NOT REAL come on
thanks for the repost! ;-)
thank you!
A4 Cancel it. Main opp was in moving it to before the SB and still it suffers. A Blake Griffin dunk can't save it like NBA AS game
Explain to why ur not rooting for the Hawks best match up in next round? Yes, they will beat PHX.
...then the Howard Monroe Show at 9:10 am on your dial at 1370 am to get out the vote.....
: #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the silence of the titties
I can access plain rooibos. Take a week for me to get my hands on it. Need sooner? I can suggest a few places...
I should be at home snoring
I am often surprised at the diversity of those who profess love for Disneyland.
I love the website. Totally awesome!
Thx met some great people! : thx for coming even though you had go through traffic to get there.
- validation complete! Follow me :)
Our ideas, like orange-plants, spread out in proportion to the size of the box which imprisons the roots. - Edward Bulwer Lytton
No offense, but the trailer for the movie j edgar reminds me of a similar movie...the kings speech.
SO MAD!!! Somebody is getting confronted tomorrow.. dont spread lies and think there wont be a consequence!!!
Tomarro is my Birthday!!!!! Please Follow me! :D
colin carr and thomas sauer play at the gardner museum on jan 31 1:30 pm
“: When boys are sweet to their mother.♥”
If money is the root of all evil ... Im the tree
Oh why on earth is Fantasia your inspiration??
Adding the final touches to another muralistic print.
you have no money to hirer a nazi.. cause your to cheap
Wow I think that was the first time I really enjoyed #thePitch & they showed the winning spot. Is that a first?
Strip club anthem "shake that ass"! Comin to a strip club near you
Radical Something for the rest of the night.
Going to the lake
Tip: If you’re creating a twist, use extra long bobby pins to anchor the style from the beginning, then smaller bobby pins to tuck.
well ya know me mr weirdo ;) hah!
Boxwire has a big announcement tomorrow! Stay tuned!
In the AHL he's on the 1st line in a scoring role..but in the NHL he's mostly on the 4th line in a defensive role..
listen to any intriguing music lately?
office sing-a-long time :)
yes presenting on Toolkit tools! looking forward to connecting again w ya.
#GreenyTheDance is trending, good for great job at dancing and paying your bet.
If U want to make ppl think UR winning, abandoning your compound is not the best tactic. FOOL!
Five Foursquare Tactics to Attract Customers - Carmine Gallo
joseph and the technicolor dream cock.
Reminder: Open call for all FOH positions for Balena tomorrow from 10am until 1pm at Perennial Virant. We look forward to meeting you!
hey hi
did you give in to the urge?
you should totally follow :)
what is Matt laPortas at bat song...I love it!
CST Interpretation Manual provides an explanation & interpretation of CST #survey scores & discusses the 4 basic styles in depth
I have a traffic solution for 400. Build Marta up to windward. Every international city has a train system that is efficient..
I really love Tommy Carcetti's voice. I wanna have it. :)
Thank you! ": Best wishes and congratulations to and on a your big day!!!"
What a finish at last night's #KNEast -
Bill West is on the stage talking about writing, his grandma, and sex jokes !
Grey Rock?
Just told the guy waiter yes mam...
RT Some of our best friends are poor! -ish. And by friends I mean employees.
keep your penis shit I don't need it
Thanks for the Gallery Night tweet!
Thanks everyone you joined #positivechat today! My phone died on the beach at the end. Remember: no dream is dead unless you bury it.
This is not the weather that was predicted
Eating a pickled egg
RT Net Migration from Mexico is at Zero. The real question is with our failing economy when do WE start sneaking across (cont…
just got home. Awesome night. Let's do it again some time. Xx
ugh stupid book reportss :/
Your new addiction? :D
aaahh...freedom before slaughter...important
I am too..I hope they go the shorter way through Iowa. “ busing with all the cool kids”
Finely Sucks!
Fast food noms, cocktails with favorites, and pit bull kinship. I dig tonight.
Cleaning help needed at one of our 5 locations call 4801602 #abq car wash and laundry
phew what happened to you?
You are almost at 700 tweets!
why are you always tweeting me porn? It looks good btw.
when I grow up, I'm gonna name my baby girl Stacy. So I'll be Stacy's mom. imma have it goin on bitches
big fan of all your tracks :-)
Just trust your life to be wonderful & it will be
No where near ready to #vFit, but thought I'd try some exercise on #Kinect. OMG, thats like hard work!
Spoke in support of Cngrssnl Gold Medal for Montford Point Marines, 1st African-Americans, who include former NYC Mayor David Dinkins
Terrific essay on Looking for Etan Patz via
you have your heart if you really love Austin inside you are all red
I think we all have realized this. Thanks dude.
Wish wash
Her she come , there she go.
haven't seen anything funny on the big screen in a long time.
I wish we had events like this near me!
needs to hurry up and call me so I can go to sleep!
-_- gotta chill
anyone else having issues with the posts from the page they admin on FB not showing in the feed?
I miss you friend
to hard
Well, I'll be sure to watch!
happy #SykesSunday !! Can't wait for the concert tonight!
Here's to the kids who cry late at night so no one can hear them.
aye finally u got it!
It would actually be hard for it to be worse.
Time to learn some more about bookselling techie tools Edelweiss
What a beautiful night for a block party! RT“: McCarter block party in full swing! Big turnout. Free jazz. Runs til 9.”
Have a great Thanksgiving! Eat lots of Turkey and have fun riding!
David Stern...how are you still the commisioner?.
I think for all of us angels seeing happy makes our day(:
Wait! Coach Crean was here?!?
Niggas and most chicks will do anything for pussy and money. Smh
RT : Q4 - What are some of the best resources for course designers to learn?
Braxton Family Values Reunion!!
Good Question: How long will your LEGACY last after you are gone?
Hi Nice article! How do you think #technology enhanced #education has changed the way #students #learn?
Desktop stores tomm feel like its going to be fun
what u on MAB
You all should check out Medici for lunch!
Graduating seniors start partying! Free food and gifts! Come to lobby in Classroom Building 12-6:30 from now until May 3.
Chillin with my bebeh. Watching the #jerzathon I miss my boyfriend tho. Can't wait till he gets off work. #bfwithdraw =/
What's a vampire's favorite dance? The Fang Tango.
Congrats to the for being the first #NHL team in the Conference Finals. Jonathan Quick is my Conn Smythe pick thus far.
I FOUND THE GAME ON TV!
all started with the jamie chants
Lawyer SEO Tip of the Day - Create new content in the form of articles and add them to your site and blog on a regular basis.
I already follow via Your twitter system is vast and redundant.
I doubt I'll forget this game either way.
so struggs right now!
So, yesterday we had a dead rat on our driveway. But today, the two baby birds started their flying lessons!
Routing for Clooney
Yippee!! I have to go check my mail now!!! So stinkin' excited!!!
you can come to Mexico?
This is preposterous!
Did I say #LakeShow I should have said #BLakeShow haha
Design competition al weekend. and backk to little to no sleep.
3 hits, 0 earned runs, and 40k's in my last 21 innings
#AGoodGirlfriend do what she gotta do.
if i get a tweet from lola, then i would be a happy beeing!
Yep just got a craving for some ribs!! #Summer2012 hurry up
Need a Director Cardiology Services? We'll identify Cardio Services Managers and Directors at any hospital anywhere! 513 899 9628
so in love with
1 more follower to 100:D
consider it rep'd Bro. Where should we hang out this afternoon?
oh wow Harry im guess you are loving that? Please follow me it would make me the happiest person in the WORLD <3 love you
And that douche in choir. I'm gonna havesome ass kicking to doz
it was! Watch for the next contest!
Once u take the blinders off, you open yourself up to a world of endless possibilities!!!
I see what you did there
good choice with the confetti cake
Californos has great, professional staff this summer! Be served by Ken, Joel, Mike, Chris, Rosnick, Stephanie, Josh, Jim, Nick, Brian, Adam!
Oh no
Looking Foward To Tomorrow
": Cocaine & X Pills ." Are the reason why bitches die young
Happy Friday! #FF some of our fantastic faculty:
you should see the Courtyard Marriott in Kenya...its a bathroom with a pillow
I can't believe what I'm hearing. This dude is like 50. Still hasn't figured it out Smh
ain't that shit off the chain?!
Uh oh!
I love that!
Fabulous! We must teach students how to handle the REAL world they will live in!
Only god CAN judge you, doesn't mean only god will
I honestly think Lamarcus would win both. And I'm not just saying that just because ima blazer fan.
Bout to go see Pootie Tang and CB4 on the big screen tonight!
Its night night time...
Concert rehearsal then project management class. What a night.
Tonight. Grotto, The in Worth, The Fort. Music and good times. 10pm ish
Let's hope those media giants go for the government-funded gold.
Some people are just on another planet sometimes..
s/o to my new follower ; she bad and got bandz
Even if you only have 30 min to spare, you can get in a good workout and feel better for having done so!
Taking a nap. Exhausted. Pissed off.
naw man. I'll watch it tomorrow.
whats going on everyone
going to my moms
Yes! Sometimes a rejection letter goes straight to the "no" but especially for those well-written submissions, we aim to help.
and people hate west
My heart could burst
RT : The market is every Wednesday Evening from 5-8:00 p.m., in the parking lot at E street and Vulcan...
to setup the pass.
Heard a great talk today by Vietnam veteran Bill Haneke at a Teacher's Institute held at the Virginia War Memorial in Richmond, VA.
preaching politics from the pulpit is wrong. As well, this Bishop is irresponsible
I don't know what I'm more tired of..karkov or this cola.
I ran into a cactus and had to go under extensive surgery to remove all the thorns so I couldn't make it in.
companies & marketers know much of this by sales & prescriptions. drilling down to individual from mkt data eliminates data value
2011 was the best year ever! 2012 is gonna be terrible.
RT : now: panel discussion with Melissa-Jacobs-Israel, Tabitha Johnson, Stephen Abram, Nancy Everhart
Dear please close the roof my face is literally melting off and I'm too young for that, thanks.
Thanks to Citywide Blackout for another great Plectrum Artist Series program. Dann Russo you rocked it with your live set.
just bring the ones he has please:)
Today was a movie day i didnt do nothing today and i loved it.
Is listening to ZZ Top while grilling steaks a stereotype?
He also said that Rage Against the Machines live nearby in Eagle Rock.
I wanna go to australia! So who are in love with in kpop???
I want to be married before I have kids.
Show with was dope tonight!! Tyrese came out on stage
I'm going for a niche market, I know not everyone eats lunch
hey to help out I liked that YouTube video! Have a good workout today!
congrats on your backstage article--very cool!
we having one at Bar 7
Follow back? ;)
<---- is who I was talking abt hanging w/ when we get there! Dre this is my sister.
The drive/flight/walk back always seems the fastest.
things I'm tired of #2; drunk talking idiots in line at Vivace
If I hold the door for you , #BitchSayThankYou !!!
Jordan your second on my list ;)
ya babay!!!! :) thank you!! She has been doing the butt cut FOREVER!!!!!!!!!
I'd like to apologize for my ouvre, which historically has been too heteronormative. Going forward I will try to be more inclusive.
I never drink that white!
Yes. He doesn't have the mentality to overtake Jack though.
Catching up on Castle...
Aw, something is wrong with him:[. Idont like seeing him upset.#fml. -.-
DREAM Killer #8  Do I have to quite my day job in order to run a successful boutique?
why do i put myself in these awkward situations asjdkflawjfiewoafjskld
Friends tell me they've already raised $8,000 for a scholarship in honor of Shaun Wild
yeah! Can't wait for #GroupTherapyEDC!
I'm good at blackops I'm alright in the other ones lol
When life gives me lemons I make lemonade and when life sucks I know eventually I'll bust
I had never heard of it before. What features made you choose it?
it loks like u Reyna make your own rap video in the bathroom
We want all of our expectations met plus a million surprises along the way.
Don't blame others for your lack of judgement
If you just want so some low pitched "noise" and 808 type rumbles with no attack you do NOT want me to play I only do "real" bass OK?
LMAO when a male touches hiself
if i could love a person to peices it would definately be every member of black veil brides i <3 evrything they stand for!! :)bvbarmy4ever(:
is the boss. Its true, tshirts don't lie.
stay tuned we are always workin on something!
Wow swine flu just hit arizona. Damn this sucks.
San Diego tops Seattle 8-1 in inaugural 60yrs+ Hardball Mem Day Tourney at UCSD. SD has largest # of senior baseball teams in USA
My favorite street meat vendor, Rahman's Kwik Meal on W 45th at Sixth, now accepts credit cards.
of course haha
I don't mind the cold stare I get from my peers they cant tell me where im going in life & how 2 get there Its better 2 prepare 2 fail.
i'm going to sleep mad.
Getting food, catching up on my shows then chilling.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net #mlbnetwork merry Christmas and to all a happy holidays
RT : My Nigga Mr.Vault Home LETS GET IT
We're excited to begin interviewing college intern candidates this week!
'I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.' - Brian
lmao mix it all up and it's like uhh.... Anything but normal, and nice!!
ah okayy idk cuz like on the website it seems like they ship it to you
I crack me up better than anybody I know. :D
#Urinary #infections: Prevent it using an extract of #Cranberry, 500 mg, only if you are not taking medication for blood thinning.
wanting to sleep and eat.
#rickygervais has made award shows worth watching again. #goldenglobes. Get 'em Ricky!
I forgot when i'm in a relationship i can't have any friends
Did you call Foursquare?
Happy National Bieber Day! <3
We have something special for people who show up on-time tonight!! See you at 7!!
thanks for the mention!
Happy Friday !!
The bigger the smile, the bigger the heart ;)
happy birthday!!
we put that song up and didn't tell anyone. Spread it around!
#letsbringback story into the hearts of commercials and photography - Follow Little Weapons
need some help with QR codes...you the guy?
Watching people at the doggy park makes me want a dog of my own but then I think about the responsibilities. :/
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion I would donate it to the library!! :)
My sister bit my cousin.. so I bit my sister back XD She probably won't be biting ever again.
Tyler's over there ---->
oh my! You need local food ASAP!!
Love love love... Our site is almost ready...! Who wants to test the function with us!!??
the superfans will b at the ball park john, look for us.
#FF in honor of the re-established Trenton Titans hockey preseason opener tonight at proskate!
No, I won't be at the Bonner Brothers show. Sure, DM me when you have some free time. I will follow you back.
that's the pro-Houston spirit I can get behind. Best food city in Texas by a mile.
Chelsea, an amazing game, an amazing win!
Ahh #AGT starts tonight...ohh the memories!! Good luck everyone!
great to see back in the winners circle, felt like the golf world was holding its breath and can now exhale
Butterflies and Gaillardia!
Well I capitalized the V to prevent future confusion. FEEL SPECIAL!
You know, Fidel doesn't allow his people to use Twitter, either.
Grats to Monique and Kiera for making Darlin of the Month and China for making Sweetie of the Month
ah goose I love it so much! :D "it's one thirty already!"
Thanks for giving my daughter your gloves after last nite's game. She was thrilled! U are a class act, sir! Go Sporting and
#Online Mentions totally dead! Nobody tweets to me anymore:( Miss you all ♥♥ but yeah I have busy days , haven't tweet a long time. sorry
its not that bad lol
lol , naw bubba it ain't like that & tell Coco she better straighten up before I help her ha !
New business cards are here! Never again will I be stranded at a networking function w/o my contact information. Next step: starting a biz!
Good photo *__*
Give a shout out tonight! Taking orders till 8:30! Some AMAZING dinners:Santa fe Platter, eggplant parm, power pitas +!
how annoying!! I'm sorry!!! :(
MONEY coming to LA on Wed. I am a promoter out here! Hit me up and I will take care of ya!
I have a feeling that the cocktail I'm about to have is going to make my feet feel so much better.
I just want to take a shower
I do what makes happy. People judge and talk shit yeah. I don't care, I won't remember nor talk to most of you 10 years from now.
What happens if Santorum and Romney tie in total votes cast? Just curious.
Lmfaoooo I don't look 12. You're crazy. Lol
yo jack I gots to get with you on some business.
“: Sundance Award winning drama MIDDLE OF NOWHERE, in theaters October 12, 2012.” WAY TO GO!!
On the road to Richmond for the Board of Medicine.
60oz of water in three hours will infact make you pee every 1.56 minutes
When I wore the shirt at TLA, several people asked me what a librarian voice is. Sheesh. Thanks 4am much 4 your congrats. I miss u!
In critical moments even the very powerful have need of the weakest.
why not? Self promotion is 1 of the best...lol cause if u dnt sell u...who else will...
Just order it there, and you're good to go! Tell all of your friends
You're making Twitter work, & I say "Right on!" I see good things in the future for you. Just keep trying. You'll get there!
I understand he was gonna try to get you back last nite but I told him "Not a good idea"
oh ok. what i think you should do is have everything ready to go & then do the meet & greet first so after they can fly out
US & Canadian Librarians: there's just 1 week left to save 50% on CBO backlist titles-there's everything from math to political science!
My hair gets frizzy like really fast.
Since the begining of baseball season are an Amazing record of 18-3. WOW.
thank you!
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
Today is my birthday. FUCK THAT. Hahaha that movie is the shit Man!
This bitch got on ugg boots. I know yo feet sweaty.
Agreed, but there's something EXTRA-special about watching the sunset on a summer night with Back me up
west good
Seriously hurting... The pain never stops :(
So much studying, so little time... #uhhg I feel like my brain has reached maximum overload and reviewing for exams is pointless...
Its on spike channel
Who is in the city this weekend?
Would have been more awesome if Ryan Dunn did it.
we get them in pretty regularly - give us a call to talk about specific size/style and rockin revivial status: 225-767-0975
Best part of Hurricane Irene? #patcollins on
One of the better papers a thoroughly-reasoned analysis of each of the voices in the Backstreet Boys, and their individual appeal.
Going Solo: The Extraordinary Rise and Surprising Appeal of Star Wars Cosplay
Out of school , HOLLLAAA !
Debating who to call first....
Why let it pass?
Check them out :D
RT : Need to remember which growlers I've been using for developer/fixer and which I've been using for beer.
Mump just wanted to see if it matched his snuggy
April Smith #colors...great kazoo!
Hearts feeling heavy tonight
Are the SFDPW key maps unavailable right now, or is it me?
Welcome Jeff! Thanks for the support! xo
If you have linked your accounts, you should be able to do all the stuff within both accounts. 'switch-acc.' in top right? Hmm...
Ok i'll see tonight
And randomly, we are 1 person away from our 100th like on Facebook! I'm fairly happy with that!
Come see me for your waxing needs this Sat-Mon.
Who would be stoked if we launched our online store?!?
Faried is a BOSS. Hittin the free throws
Haircut! I look different, uh oh.
Who's your #Valentine? "Where there is love there is #life."
"His note to everyone is: be more David Mamet" "Her note to everyone is: be more Gene Wilder" (#dareproject chatter)
your name is being cursed on the other side of the world. you should be proud.
But listening to Wunderlic guy creep on was certainly entertaining...
Miami Gay Men's Chorus Tackles Bullying
Who is coming to the Chili Cup tonight?
We should have done our best to see another day, but we kept it all inside until it was too late.
My house is not a fun place to be right now
Flushing out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
yes please!!!! I miss seeing your face!!!
Late for school.
It's been a while since I've looked at you guys...I'll take a look and DM you if you follow me. I can be a resource to you.
good point. very good. But we rarely see FDR in a wheelchair.
YMCMB is on the decline though, make no mistake about that. Drake carrying it right now. Nicki, Tyga and Cory are nice too.
WTF Time Warner. why are you so shitty?!
I understand the situation, but come on, we can still hybrid frogs and zebras
At least he didn't dry hump the star this time.
Back In Time - Pitbull . That's the song you were telling me about yesterday? With the guitar thingy?
Fruit cup, nice. Way to go mom.
hahah hell yeah
......Forgive, and have fun, because it's about having fun.... last one? Be faithful.'
it's memorial day! 1 hr 45 min waits! idk how many times I can say bad timing lol if u do call ahead sdatif
I SHOULD ASK HIM HA. ;D BUT WAIT HE DOESNT FOLLOW ME. OHDAMN THAT SUCKS
"Green Jobs" -- Like green fruit, not good for much and if you ingest them they can make you sick.
I'm about to buy a guitar. yay!
I miss you so much. <3 You should come to DA after AP testing.
RT : Great time with at last night!
Thanks, John! We look forward to taking VERY good care of your guests!
Busy day at the shop! working on a side of beef and getting to premier our NEW WEBSITE!!!! stay tuned!!
Watching "Bring It On" :) HELL YEAH!
not today...what's your school/work schedule like
Final round of workshops w/Ricardo starting tonight :( New choreography!! Friday, Saturday, Sunday, still time to join us @ 226 SE Madison
In Atlanta working on a project! Hometown, Tampa...
Welcome aboard, Cadence! “: starting new twitter page for Cadence Magazine on April 17, 2012”
Hey & - hope you don't have plans tonight cause you're going to the game! Come to JH 033 to get your tix!
Goal of the Day: Keep up with friends. Once a day fire off an email to a friend that you haven't talked to in a while. It's quick and easy!
Not too bad here. How about you?
Looking forward to this weekend's trip. Headed to see family in Jacksonville, TX. It's going to be fun!
thanks for talking up Ohio. Picked them to win 2 games solely on your insight. Can win my pool. 98.8 pct on espn.
we are very happy to have you hope you are enjoyING
Love me some My bestie and SMOH. ;) see you in one week!!!!
did'ya find it? Is it available in the UK?
Wow.. I love the one about the onion. I have one of my own :Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass. It’s about dancing in the rain.!
Would you guys know if you were by chance submitted for an Emmy nom? Best comedy hands down.
OMG I seen s tweet. Its so true. Who ever Forwards anymore?
what u think of that marvel game on fb ?
On a money mission
Power out near Woodlawn Lake.
loved the column
Incentives are not a substitute for intrinsic motivation.
Watching a super boring movie. :)
Stressed Out!!!!!!
Do you use git for binary game assets? Please let me know. I'm considering it for code, but would like to use the same tool for both.
We were sitting in our event space and the sun was literally blinding us! It was AMAZING! Hopefully you'll get some sun soon!
Really?? Johnny Depp will play Tonto?? An Indian... in a movie filmed in NM. I didn't realize there was a shortage of REAL Indians. ugh
Not Likely.:) RT : It would be nice at the Verizon event on 1-11-11 if Steve Jobs was there to make the #iPhone. announcement .
Weather updates? I'm not near a TV.
I had to unfolow because twitter put a limit on my followers and unfollowed pepl by itself
Spend life with the people who make you happy, not the people who you have to impress.
What scares me is there is one question to life, but so many answers, and the fact that no one could be right. I will still keep my Jesus.
can you bring me my shirt tomorrow
I used to be judgmental... But God!!
Im watching!
I so #Blessed :]
Fashion Geek today Shout out my nigga
Does a picture exist of Dick Fuld smiling?
Calling all artists! If you want to be involved in our next benefit we are looking for 4 bands, and 4 clothing lines for a fashion show, DM
yeah I do I'm just hesitant to give up Kobe unless it's a sweet deal
I think I am going to see how many Gotye covers I can collect.
yes. Im fishing with :)
NBA players wear the same thing every game. Rondo sometimes wears a headband, then doesn't. That means....
is there somewhere in downtown chicago I can find Lions gear?! I forgot my shirt!!
thought you'd appreciatte that
I just finished a 4.02 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
That's all I have to say about that... smh
Could you have not taken the pic directly in the sunlight. You're killing my eyes LOL
On Wednesday, March 16 we will be hosting a FREE Open House from 5pm-10pm w/BALSAMIC & OLIVE OIL tasting & a discussion about herb gardens!
Finally the crickets have gone and the dogs are out hahaha Wackass Lakernation
Any party tomorrow
I hope a giant black cloud blocks the sun for u
what if their mom died, that would be awkward..
Ya, its sad! Would love to have some sites unblocked and trying to figure out a good selling point, Any ideas?
Lol, like I said...have fun and good luck.
I love perfume on men.. the right kind and just enough of it is sexy, too much makes me nauseous.
people think because we lost to the giants to the players they dont have to worry about the #packers... sad for your team
Isn't the We Are Wisconsin rally/march still scheduled? Get good information, please.
The Tigers offense has been very disappointing since opening weekend
Get her a sea salt chocolate chip cookie from Avalon! RT : Lunch with Jody in from LA trying to draw her back to
Your enthusiasm is duly noted. Which chewed at your soul more before release? Innistrad or Mirrodin?
What the??? New twitter?
Late Night Run To #SKstudios w/ and
My tie matches Danielle's shirt! Isn't that interesting?
And our phenomenal "music videos" haha
I thought it looked familiar.
you are my love!
thanks for that invite
That is my new roatry evaporator. Through distillation I can extract volitles one by one and capture intense flavor
4 days of rest wus good, but im ready 2 go back 2 work...
I've never felt so bad and depressed on hearing about the death of someone I didn't personally know, like I do in the case of Whitney H...
RT : RT : What are the most common mistakes that training designers make?
Cannot wait to get this dumb brown out of my hair ! Blonder hair we shall meet again tonight !
I owe #LaurenMcKenna a million majjurs for this bus ride.
most certainly will!
Thanks all of you amazing people for the follow and you all get a follow back :D keep following!
or even renaissance
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) auburn rules
the slangs gotta be different! Don't some parts speak French though?
NYEMYE2012 DOT COM
continues to impress :)
San Marcos video on TAMI gets fewer hits than a cat video on youtube. How do we determine target audience in DH?
haha I've never really heard anyone use that. Grew up just west of Rochester so it's always been pop...
yeah my phne is fkn up...smh I call ppl and it says call failed
Based on his pictures...that dude can cook! I've often wondered if he makes his own doilies tho...
missing my #Knick games tho, catch up after I return from
Game @ Lake Shore Lynx cancelled for tonight. To be made up after the regular season
I have all of my money riding on to win the Celebrity Apprentice.
Good morning, Atlanta!
Thanks for the shoutout. It's interesting and it works. We'd like to note that you can choose to risk $, but you don't have to.
Apparently there's some sort of awards show on tonight? Where people get statues for movies no one has seen? I'll have to look into it...
So excited to see The Avengers tomorrow (:
Fine! I'm just gonna throw away my "Hank is my Homeboy" t-shirt. RT : I'm not Fred's friend.
the May Fair 2012 is here! Saturday, 11:00 AM - 3 PM. Admission is free! Pony rides, Face painting, food and more!
Haha! It does!
Lol, anyone wanna fill me in on the VMA's? i miss the first parts DX (:
You too girlie!
Spending the morning with Broad Ripple Village Assoc. small business owners at 10-01 Food & Drink.
Pacers vs Heat! Who should I root for?
What's new in the Music World? You tell us...
Thought that was a good solution, hangin with the raisin girls
Should all fans start sending Scoops in support of the show?
Yes sir.
wouldn't 24 hours off still be on time?
Place on Jefferson by the Villages?
Thanking within 24 -48 hours is the gold standard--you are absolutely correct!
I like ur flow! It's smooth but has attitude. Strong. I'm gonna check out more of ur stuff! <3
U.S. identifies remains of troops in Afghan crash
I smell like pizza
I love you too boo:)
Ok, I thought this yellow cart was a baby carriage, it was a mop bucket. Wow..Cece
esp. if he's right
FAQ: Does case # stay w/client or property? Stays w/ property. If they don't buy property, they won't be grandfathered in on higher limits.
Where can you find 6 specialty Bloody Marys, 6 specialty Mimosas, & Eggs Benedict? Our Brunch running 11am to 3pm.
oh my gawddd lol i haven't seen you for ages Aha i miss you Ami :P and im no lame lmao
250 foster kids hunt for Easter Eggs Thurs April 5 @ 2pm at Clark County Govt Center Amphitheater (500 S. Grand Central Parkway)
Geno isn't going anywhere. Though, honestly, I would rather he go then Staal.
okay well I have a suggestion? ? Maybe I don't know lol
Cville must know. RT : 5 Y.O. daughter interested in astronomy wants to suggest name for P4. Anyone know how? (Pls RT)
Cause she wsss R A T C H E T !
#IfWomenDidNotExist men would walk around not knowing what to do
#tweetyour16yearoldself all of those boys don't really like you for your brains.
Its crazy. 10 years ago today, Allen Iverson said the word "practice" at least 24 times in a single press conference.
7 yr old fan at gets visit from 2 of his favorite players w/special gifts- next on
Someone come see Cabin in the Woods with me tonight. I'll go by myself if i have to.
ITunesU - learn anything, anytime, anywhere
The only people that care to text are &
": Obama will address nation live tonight at 7:30 pm."
you're gonna watch porn? Is it a lesbian porn?
please tell her man :/ ! Cuz i knew u used to like her idk if u do still ... That's why she won't pick >.<
When I win the #Megabucks lottery, I'm going to buy 's hair!
Are you guys using Fireworks or Photoshop for your web/ui work?
A man will ejaculate approximately 18 quarts of semen in his lifetime.
Not the cry, but the flight of a wild duck, leads the flock to fly and follow
RT : My Hoosiers are going to be on 's show today at the giant bracket! I'm on standby to come down and give high 5s!
big party of sadness like half an hour ago lol
Brought 2 egg whites and a little bit of bacon for free bagel day and damn, did a package of taco bell fire sauce set that off.
haha it was on vibrate so it started shaking the bed haha
I miss you so much words can't even explain <3 P.S. Love the background :D
Ah. Asking b/c I know a guy everyone calls Tiger (b/c of the resemblance) in Columbia but that isn't his legal name.
Why the fuck are you here seriously. All you do is give me shit about money that's mine and piss me off.
did you ever see the girl again??
Got the poster printed for #JCDL2011 It's the first time I am going to visit Canada!
Rest in Peace MCA! !!
What a beautiful day here in NYC. Could not ask for a better way to start 2012.
Cooley Hires Leading Silicon Valley Partner Drew Williamson
thanks! i blocked the person
Home Is In Your Eyes makes me cry so much
": Ryan Braun broke Twitter." I believe it.
If the fight cost the sameas ur whole cable bill 4 2 months... Step ur plan up hoe
hello my TWEET'S hope everyone had a great weekend!!!!!!! can anyone make a monday a different day///lol....just chillin...
hoes mad cause they not in my shoes. bitch im doing something with my fucking life, wtf you doing? aw.
thanks!! it's what I do!
I'm listening to for the last damn show time. Hell yea I'm going!!!!!!!
Mama Bear: "Can't you just buy a big house so I can have a wing to myself?" Me: "No. Old people home. For sure."
On the road to Omaha to pick up my darling Mama from the airport! Haven't seen her in almost 7 months. So excited to see her :)
Sometimes things don't change .
Morning Twitter !
Damn . when i talk about her i start to miss her << Putting all your trust in one person is never healthy.
Zach- I've been trying to explain that to people all my life.
Nice. I want to watch that with you! and Roseanne, yahhh
We're just getting warmed up down here on Fremont Street at Vegas Streats - stop by!
Nice to meet you too! Thanks for connecting us Megan!
I see.
God is good :)
I once tried a peanut butter and banana sandwich because "face" on nickjr told me it was his favorite
State Chairman Tom Morrissey Ousted - new AZ GOP Chairman elected: David Fitzgerald per Roberts Rules at State Convention -
7-13-94 Awesome show. I found a wallet in the grass lot with a couple thou cash in it. Turned out to be Waldos.Greattentshow!
<- Him Has 2 talk 2 Killers & Folk who say "How that work out 4 U" this week!! *Heart 2 . Dirty Bomb talk* #Sacrifice means
to my latest and greatest followers -- thank you so much for following
One is not born a genius, one becomes a genius. -Simone De Beauvoir
is the best person ever (:
before coffee - I meant "what" & "why" conservatives have the views that they do. I can't believe I am getting nasty responses
It will stay up to a half hour.
your a beast. and your absolutely beautiful btw.
You know my #nerves bad trigger like a toothpick .....
Makin major changes to the life Im living
I know Gamel's no Fielder, but shooting seems a little harsh.
awe thank you(:
#PresidntAoun is on #WBUR right now talking about college cost.
Neither. Those are both for sailors, like me! “: more hipster: mustache or forearm tattoo?”
Will there be an event this year in 2012 and do you have any tenative dates?
However, some smartphones have a roaming option, that disconnects email, MMS, web browsing and other data services.
WOW!!! They put it on that ass boy! I guess like the saying goes... Don't mess with Texas!
Thank you so much!!!!! ♥ All love to you for your sweetness and kindness for a shout out to me! 3 ♥Bretana♥
I am going into my #vessel and having a #rebirth. Excuse me as I disappear
Wherever you are, whatever has happened, in every situation, consider yourself truly blessed. Because you are.
morning baby. te amo belleza :-* talk to u soon
Me too! :D But she hates it..
one of my favorite places! When is your LA trip?
mix mix mixin it up, sounding awesome so far
The hardest part of letting go is realizing the other person already has.
RT I Wish I Could Find Trey Songz Acapellas , I Would Make Hella Trey Songz Club Songs /: lol
Good morning & Good afternoon to you!! I'm off to work after I finish the daily pimping! lol I hope u have gr8 day! :-) xoxo
My hair needs to get pretty fast...
Old folks at the Giant Eagle are crabby today.
Relaxing at the crib such a wonderful feeling
power back on now, whew! missed seeing Gino's injury
Take time to gather up the past so that you will be able to draw from your experiences and invest them in the future
I was moved by ur Wordpress link and the kind words u said about my stuff. Thanks & we need more like u! Stay in touch! Voo
I will be forever happy
muttafuxkin right my pockets feeln kinda tight
You and tequila make me crazy;*
watched the bora bora show this am - made me rethink the trip to costa rica-looks fantastic!
Bye :D good night.. dream about edward..hahaha in ur case carlisle XD!
The SIS conference is in full swing at St.Andrews Uni! Today at lunch we're giving away copies of various Italian journals from our stand!
Excited about our upcoming Community Garage sale in April!! Spring Cleaning to the max!
Can't go to sleep and I have a reason.
I fucking HATE mosquito bites!
Do we really have to make make fake twitter accounts to hit our goal? ;)
I'll always remember #SB46 as the one that got away...
Just voted! I miss the levers. The scanners seem to break & encourage election workers to take long looks at your ballot.
Life is every mans kingdom
The awkward moment when people ask me about my sex life..
Think of it as a reflection on the year and all your successes!!
#MonkCompetition : pls post video for players right away so viewers can review. Edit the clips as the show is going on to save time at end.
The power is out at Ohioana, so we will be closing early! Have a safe and wonderful weekend!
You're at the Stephen M. Clement House. The Red Cross!!!
I bet doesn't know, but we could teach him.
Pop open the bottles and celebrate.
Wow!!! I am so surprised you tweeted this!!!
Driwght Howard staying, yes no yes no yes
I started my essay !(:
That's #horseshit 🐎💩
same with (who never tweet). I gotta plug , and as well.
hey I've heard that song I like it. Is he a Christian artist??
Patrick Gym will always have fond memories for me and many Vermonters incl: high school games, camps & UVM games.
shavers for black men
For sure! Would love to be introduced.
I'm enjoying your critical analyses of god(s). They align with my own reasoning.
"I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok."
` #NP- Birthday Cake ft Chris Brown (;
Jillsky! Get better quickly! And hey, it could have panned out worse. At least it's not stereo!
We break up and that hurts enough but then you walk past me and you laugh with your friends like nothing happened while im dieing inside
I feel like classes before 12 should be illegal
Buyer Tip: Choosing the right agent is critical. Find someone committed to you before, during and ESPECIALLY after the sale.
I need someone to txt me...im so bored.
doesn't matter to me which one.
Soon! As soon as possible; probably another week before the street labeling is done. Then - freewayless 1914.
no you!
okay thank you❤ no problem, and sure :)
Yes in East Walnut Hills
Missing your goldie locks fro. What's new?
people can be so ignorant!
sorry Mr. Bot, you must be drinking too much coffee, your tweets fill too much of my stream-buh bye.
Emailed 2 of my favorite illustrators for commissions. 'Cuz you know it's not like I have a gross of unframed prints or anything.
when troy go to alc
You produce a finished product after a lot of initial, messy writing work. No one whips off a final draft. There is nothing wrong with you.
Here & now you say all the cutest things, then get scared and walk away.. If that's what you really want.. Don't let me stop you, but before
I'm so cold
#Sucks RT “: #Canada”
Loving the fact that put in his place.
No, the Children's Room does not do your taxes for you. We don't even make the appts. Why would you think that?
Ha! Now I have to watch that episode. He flew out the wide open door...
Today is not my typical saturday, potential client meeting then off to the #BronnerBrothers hair show. Who's in ATL?
so should a girlfriend then, right?
Oy! You looked like a Hasid! So glad you got rid of it; I'm starting to kvell! Maybe now you'll meet a nice Jewish goil!!!
I can only imagine.
I wish some bitches cn just keep ot
Cop's want to ruin our night we not having it put your gun down and have a beer bro its been a long day lol
Congrats to Roger McDowell, 2011 winner of the John Rocker Humanitarian Award.
Just bought a magnolia tree . . . I'm very excited to have its messy flowers blown into my gutters.
that's a random pairing (Regina and Petty) but I would totally have gone if it came through here.
is so happy it is Friday, she is downright giddy - between conference calls and meetings that is....
would love to come just send details!
Great to see you on Twitter! Missed you at POCC. Hope to see you soon...
thanks girl
u is sexy
them hoe ass west memphis boys better hope they dont get caught in Marion. on god. you gon get plucked 1 by 1. BITCHES!
I will! When will you be getting to MKE??
Starting class next week with the great ! Very excited to work open the toolbox and get to work! Starting off with Wilson's Jitney!
Another icing by the
currently cracking up by myself at my desk listening to your podcast and getting strange glances from coworkers.
Inside scoop from today, the new add Robert on the show was picked up while workin at #Trader Joes. love the staff.
lol yea I just really recovered from it about 2 days ago..I see you're still kickin! Thats good to see lol
That's a good start to a home library.
You deserve it man, somebody gotta hold down the carolinas im just glad it was the right person much love homie
Tax deductible.
First Apple interview officially set up for tomorrow at 5:30. I am a jolly man
Check out the Point Loma Ocean Beach Realty Association's new website! www.plobra.com
We in da championship
lol ok then but you LOVE it w/ Me.
werd me too. I got exams all next week then I'm done.. U get to ride in the new whip
It was kinda awkward cause everyone just staress... Not my fault.. -___-
Just two more years until I'm 18, woah.
If Rajon Rondo is suspended for #Hawks - #Celtics game 2, Atlanta improves from 52% all the way to 71% for that game.
Last night, I won 5.50 from a dollar at Aria! Came up, 550% profit! Solid.
so true I love it!!!! I bet people look at us and laugh at us and we don't even realize it Haha
"Most amazing bbq sandwiches I've had in San Francisco! Thank you Memphis Minnie's" - Thank You Iann I.
Receive email (contract, non disclosure, etc), print, sign, scan, upload, email - Repeat
RT : If you're currently reading this tweet, I'm currently sad about UConn basketball. #SecondHalfTeam?
that doesn't mean your smart!!!! >:)
still a ton of stuff to move over to the new laptop… you know, basic stuff like email and files.
Ag Commish Comer and I will be holding a joint presser at 11 a.m. Wed. at the Dept. of Ag to make an announcement. Stay tuned for updates.
I'm putting through #childlabor right now.
With Scorpio it's impossible to answer without seeing the chart. Sorry. That's just the way it is right now :)
Is in a dark room drinking scotch with a dog. Well actually he isn't drinking...
What part of once a MASHOLE always a MASSHOLE don't people understand... even if I live in LA currently...GO PATRIOTS...
I'm 100% for Chris Christie running...or biking, or engaging in literally any other form of physical activity.
trying to think of a fun theme/performers for docent/volunteer appreciation night anyone have ideas?
I want to put a ding in the universe.
you havent got your permit yet?! Lol
you comin out this way this weekend
Almost game time! Cards fans click like and wish our boys well!
CA? Where are you?
Thank you very much for the #FF ! I hope for you it translates to a Fantastic Friday.
BANNERS only $4 per square foot!!! Banners are printed on 13oz Vinyl material & finished with grommets, call today! 720-542-6105
you held on to me and i carried you like weight.
That awkward moment when your not tired but you know that if you don't sleep.. tomorrow isn't gonna be exhausting -.-
haha awesome. Dude wanna check something out real quick?!
Each chapter should have: a hook (strong first sentence), a cliffhanger (at the end), and a point (justification for its existence)
You claim you love me more than anything.. Prove it.
If i catch you bootlegging my mixes get
Overnight oats are miraculous. They're like sugar-free pudding. With great carbs and a decent kick of protein. I'm a fan!
Finally a fitness motivator I can get into! Hope to see you on the course in WA - but not as dinner
: I agree on Pat Casey and it's concerning how many good guys are feeling burnt out!
Hold on. Is #Syracuse really losing to UNC-Asheville?
A few of the photos from a lovely wedding at Hotel Parq Central are posted on my blog
Loved the pencil sharpener story. The artist seems to be brilliantly combining sincerity, satire & humor. U captured it perfectly
I updated avid codecs on my PC, don't know what it means but made me feel smart-like when I put on glasses
My goal is to walk side-by-side with Pittsburghers and conciliate them before the 2013 election.
