Swoll Asians frighten me
Dude no kidding, I have been totally isolated and it sucks...
Protip: If your comforter resembles flowers, be sure to shake it free of bees after letting it air dry outside.
please follow she is you biggest fan!3
My dad came into my room today, admitting that he had the "Be ICONic" chant stuck in his head all day. New ICONiac? ;) :)
yeah.. That would be my girlfriend.
old English bull dogs for sale only 3-4 left
Woke up sounding like a frog... Why can't I talk? Steamer time
my teacher showed us this video about and asked us what we thought,i think he did the right thing by standing up for himself..
thank you Mike and Chris for the wonderful webinar today
#vaumc11 "I wonder what Jesus thought about parliamentary procedure." Bishop Whitaker rocks!
wake up early to study for a spanish test...spend my whole morning shopping online
it aint the size of the man. its the size of the motherfuckin plan
AWESOME SAUCE!
One to watch on Montreal: Matteo Ferrari The Italian’s class showed as he was nearly unbeatable in the center of defense via MLS
Watching bridesmaids , love this moviee :)
Get Dex a little bowl. Level the playing field! :)
Power finally back today, but it wasn't soon enough to catch the #Barnstormer at The Living Room last night. So I just need to try for #6!
Volkswagen's People's Car Project in China offers three concepts, including a ... - Autoblog (blog)
i love you
and she's enjoying it with her iPhone
Where do u live? Its 1 am here?!
Time to get ready for work...
LOL it's only 9am here, and I'm on the road :-)
Mr. Mysterio over here
anyone know where the tour bus's park at PNC bank arts center
Thanks, Pam! I'll also have the slides up on our site later today.
Visit at starting tomorrow for great deals on best-selling UPK titles!
Why'd it get taken
i like your enthusiasm.
Checked the Wikipedia page on natural disasters; Philadelphia's had five of them this summer. I'm watching for comets and meteors...
I am a nio-scope consultant and through science and research, a healthy scalp makes heathly hair.
Woo-hoo! I'm so smart. I just finished a puzzle in 20 min, when the box said 3-5 years! Look at me go!! LOL
When people say we, they really talking about me. I wish I had someone in my pocket. Wait… what? ;)
I don't run or jog. I walk. :D
Find us on Facebook for even more artistic goodness - www.facebook.com/ArtKulture
Got my homegirl high for the first time and it's too funny but never again lmao 😂
Im tired. ✌
I felt the same...I'm thinking of running marathons until next year's TM in NJ.
Still feeling like I did battle w/a Mac truck, but the MKE Brewers are helping to make me feel a bit better. Go #Brewers! Go
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithHoes Dude where's my Hoe?
Great idea! RT : Leave a Review, Win Great Prizes! | GO! Overseas gooverseas.com/leave-a-review…GoOverseas
I just sneezed an almost shit myself... True Story... Prarie dogging it!!!!
See Argentina for lessons in economic recovery. "Defaulting on debt, devaluing currency => freedom to radically change policies: Weisbrot
Thanks for the information, I will be checking it this morning. Looking for #startup funds
All I do is win win win no matter what, just like my team! #KentuckyWildcats!! #KentuckyStandUp!!
we have Bear to thank for being 9001.
Who thinks piracy is "no big deal?" People just think the pendulum has swung too far in content's favor.
#Blazers with an impressive win tonight, 119-106 over Minnesota. Aldridge had 26 points.
Very nice!!
idk if i should watch it or wait....
Last time I shaved my head I regretted it. But rite now I'm really tempted to do it.
I didn't picture the Lakers gettin' caught off guard like that
YOU. ARE. SO. LUCKY. :D afhsdjkfhdskvfhsjkdhwefhksdfhwfhaslkaf YAYAYAYAYAY!
RT : thinking beyond basic epub - how will we deal w/ kind of books produced in the near future?
Back in the U.S. after sifting through the ashes of the UK flat, I realize that possessions are nonessential. It's people who matter most
ugh on my way to math -_-
"Who's Justice Beaver?"
break legs tonight!!!! Xo
There is a mention of our band in the Arts and Entertainment section of the Glendale Star...
I loved your Zuhair Murad gown! GORGEOUS!!
Car fire on ponce
I'm pretty sure you should be.
pie for breakfast sounds good to me.....dave, will you have biscuits too?
Going to be working this morning with for a strategic roundtable. Can't wait to do something creative for a worthy cause!
15 laps down & up to P5.
Thanks! Let me know your favorite track.“: - Downloading the CD as I tweet :) LOVE IT”
Ha ha ha remember how I anticipated LIKE CRAZY thinking it would be an instant favorite but then violently turned it off halfway through
May the Fourth be with you.
Baseball season starts tomorrow...6am workouts will always pay off for a good season ahead
REMEMBER DIS! YALL GOT JOBS AND AH BOSS 2 ANSWER 2 EVERY DAY U CLOCK IN AND OUT! I AM MY OWN BOSS PPL WORK 4 ME AND I DNT WORK HARD AT ALL!
Thanks for the RT!
I'm gonna become a much nicer person. I promise.
The International Poker Rules consist of 81 technical rules, policies & procedures that are fully modifiable. Visit www.fidpa.com
Had a productive weekend of wedding planning with my Mom in town. She is literally always right about everything.
DUH i KNOW THAT MUCH..YOU HAD A 8 BALL &&NG MJG MOMENT SiNGiNG DiDNT iT?..CAN'T STOP THiS PiMPiNG i JUST CAN'T STP...🎶
Intelligent rebuttal. I concede. LOL
,Good Morning brother
We're so lucky to have this here! Hope you enjoy it.
"I can read things far away when I get closer to them" Co-workers statement
I love my hair it's cute 😄💁
thanks for the heads up man, def. gonna check it out today. Been offline for about 48 hrs, got lots of email to read :) ha!
looks like someone ate the cupcake, but left the business card!
well if u wasnt so lame lol then maybe i would lmao
We are playing live on WRIR next Saturday March 31st from 5-7pm
Looks good to me, Swedish newspapers are so much nicer looking than American papers. #envy #cantreadswedish :(
did you get the email about the mixtape?
not again!!
Thanks for recommending us!
Hamilton hooked that bitch just like bubba did yesterday
When I was buying condoms, the check out girl asked me "Would you like a bag sir?" I replied No thanks, she's not that ugly.
i have,been watching it since I was born lol. I always wished I could get involved with it some how. but thats only a dream
#ChuckTodd's ad on #MSNBC. full of yourself chuck?
I mean... was that nessecary to drop the Romney ref?
uh no
What a season for ! Undefeated in Serie A for the whole season!
Watching monsters inc in Spanish.. Y my 1year old son put it in Spanish
No Welcome Wednesday today: too quiet!
I went into MacDonalds yesterday and said "I'd like some fries". The girl at the counter said "Would you like some fries with that".
Stop in this evening for Monday Night Live after 7pm and receive #FREE parking!
If you one of my dimes follow my our dimes
that. was. incredible.
"Throw Me Something, Mister!" - What everyone yells at parades to get throws from the maskers on the floats!
New Mobile Mortons.com...Primed for people on the go! eGift Cards now available! Check it out from your smart phone at www.mortons.com
Les Mis at the Kennedy Center tonight!
You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm
WGN radio person just said Roosevelt Road neighborhood makes "Dr Zhivago look like Cabo"
RT : If yall believe in divorce DONT even get married .
That was a power play goal, you guys.
you're welcome! Where is the interview?
Congratulations Erica! She looks positively angelic. What a wonderful time in your life!
You're sweet, Christina. I'm hoping to tempt my Muse back with freshmade Mojitos. Ha!
Would you like to learn more about our 'One Time Close Construction to Permanent Loan' ? Call us today at 505.836.5700.
WAT IT DO WAT THE BUSINESS IS...
stuff like that has been happening ever since last year lol. my friend saw the "ghost" or w.e haha
#SongsThatWillAlwaysBump "This Is How We Do It" - Montell Jordan
off to the salon! ... and this time im using some major bleach.
Oh dear lord NO!! I go on Itunes & I see they have a trailer for another Madea movie...When would this madness end?!
This ice cream sandwich >>>
anytime biddies... We be rockin out to driver tunes though!
thats a cute picture
Ha! RT : With the Marilyn Monroe statue being dismantled, I've just lost the only woman in Chicago who'd let me see her underwear.
Is there an internet feed of the station available?
No one cares.
my friends from other schools who are on spring break!!
I think #Audreyparty is more of "during the event" tag. I think we should conduct a use study on the tags and develop types.
Bobcats clinch the worst season in NBA history. Michael Jordan vows to scour the country's best golf courses and casinos for answers.
Thanks for the #FF! Keep on promoting libraries and librarians.
You know, I really like people who used too many exclamation marks. They typically have a great energy about them.
Blur favorite: Damon or Graham?
Date of most recent experiences on tops. Major accomplishments bulleted so they stand out and be easily read by recruiters.
turning my phone off.
re: FOB, do you mean their reactions to new immig? If so, yes...but no I don't look at fob phenomenon :)
run then margarita...any more brain busters?
That's exactly what I meant.
We're fans - thank you for having us!
What said…
Question for u. I buy/read mysteries, scifi/fantasy & literary fiction. So....
Anna is from my hood! Love her!
hah I <3 them! They're a real inspiration to me. Sounds like a good idea. Just keep me posted as it progresses.
my sisters trying t clue her fifteen crown back we haven't told my mom hope it stays
UM talk = wonderful evidence to turn back common "non-scholars do not need access" to scholarship ("reports enough") arguments
Also, the EP is complete! Tracks are mastered and album art is nearing complete. We will post when it available on iTunes.
You should pick my friend as one of your valentines, it would mean so much to her(:
just saw ur mamma at Walmart :) I said hey she is so sweet!
If you took PTO today, I'm judging you. In other news, happy Friday!
Happy Mother's Day, love you mom and sis. Luv all moms!!!!!!! Have fun
That weird feeling of getting jealous when they don't even belong to you.
Im Sore af from and Doug Pushing and shoving me playing basketball yester.
Pierrette, thank you! I hope you had a wonderful Christmas, and a great new year.
It was a great event last night! RT Just got a sweet Zambrano bobblehead at #FollowFest at the Captain morgan club
We see all. Judging from afar... RT : ex interns bonding over some beer..talking smack
he won't even do one of we win it all
you guys are hanging out!? I'm so jealous! Wish I could be there too.
Nah, it's fine! Swept most of the water to the drain and the dehumidifier is taking care of the rest. Happens every spring. :)
I have noticed that when I speak very slowly, my southern accent comes out & that I only speak very slowly when teaching Leif new words.
same here. Was the Braves and TBS that hooked me on baseball way back then.
Tune in to East Nashville Radio for some great music!
This stall at BWW feels like a prison cell
Had to take my model Ali cause I'm her publicist, it was all #business Had to get her seen by the right people! :)
i actually am very (personally) worried about the polar bears.
"Opportunity begets opportunity." -Shatner. Classic interview. Thanks for the replay.
#pubmedia chat is a great collaboration, definitely, but we keep saying we want to see more. how to make that happen?
oh my god that guy is so annoying!
Just saw all my friends from high scools lil sibs talkin on FB thank god my brothers a jock
Cheers for spreading the word about Shop Your Values Week! Are you going to be in NYC over the next few days to enjoy it?
NP happens to me all the time
The kids who still in school while the seniors gone be in school lookin like "let my people go" lol
Publication re: Isobryales (mosses) has subject heading, Moses (Biblical leader)
when is nexy u stream?? -anna
lol your so nice! NOT!!
Well, cause and effect = choices and consequences, so that ain't bad.
We hope everyone had a wonderful time at this year's National Dialogue on Blacks in #HigherEd Conference. We certainly enjoyed having you!
Am I really jamming to Demi Lavato? This is embarrassing. Damn you & your catchy riffs... 😞
It's the weekend! *Fist Pump*
Movie recommendation is Gene Wilder in "Young Frankenstein"
oh thanks..
is a rockstar
This Indiana/Michigan State softball game is a good one.
i feel for u then. how do u get sleep?
Lettuce be green. Eat more salad.
maybe it's not my weekened, but it's MY year!
Me 2 bro i went threw the bad years the 4-12 year I believed n #Rodgers b4 every1 jumped on board! Packers fan since birth!
I'll sleep when I'm dead.....Warren Zevon.
. sees new questions in RDF: versioning, how to know what a node was linked to at a given time?
Cool night in the main lobby of the fountainebleau...DJ Fuckles spinning the tunes....I remain deaf and blind.
Malibu Country is the place 2 b, Nov 2nd on ABC, watch as & the entire cast r sure 2 bring u lots of laughs!!!
i know how u feel that happens to me alot and i love the ant farm episode were u lose your memory and then get it lol
us too! gives us a boner everytime we play!
Whose brilliant idea was it to put lots of medicine cabinets over toilets? Seriously. Does gravity only work at my house?
it's getting really complicated. I think I need a tutor ;)
“: Finna be on some James bond type moves for the evening....”
when your bday
My first tweet, here with and #twitterless bigblacknigga.
The Year of the Black Dragon- more than a martial arts movie. May it be a year of red envelops and good fortune.
sorry i miss read. i got u on the follow back :)
I would rather swallow broken glass.
Shit I slip up all the time
welp... by his avi uk shouldnt even be in his thoughts
I have some great news my dad was just made president of Bristol West Insurance group on Friday. :)
Lol text that number if you want to & get cursed TF out
counting the hours til plays The Metro in Chicago! Hoping for some old school...Jaws of the World??
Thanks for the RT! Hope you are having a great day!
you robot is bettah than my robot ;)
Uh..I dunno. Lol. I kinda...forgot...you were in NJ *runs*
Absolutely - Glad to iMeet you too!
I hate this god damned school. Forever.
There are more pleasant things to do than beat up people. Ali, Muhammad
hahaha I know on your fancy instagram. I think it is a cool paper I run but more people need to use
if that's what I think it is I think it would be extremely rewarding. And many natural citizens could use it as well.
Nicely said. Nice seeing you last night and thanks again for the invite and the shoutout.
Somehow I knew Millar would through "Cowboy Up" in there
“: Rebecca Black has another song out? Oh no.” agreed
How many picture frames should a person own? While packing, I have come to think I own more than "normal"!
Former Phillie prospect Bastardo or just related to him?
Christmas Eve boot camp tomorrow!!!! 720am!!!! Last workout before Santa comes!!! Wear your red and green. See you there!
Another successful #ArtJamboree under our belts - over 300 participants! Well done !
I don't know lol =D
I couldn't of said it better myself :)
"A healthy body is the guest-chamber of the soul; a sick, its prison." ~Francis Bacon
It is an absolute, picture perfect morning here in Greensboro. Get out today and enjoy our great city!
At the damn dentist :(
my voice came back, hollllllla.
Only a couple seats left #bohemiancaverns come through if ur around.
Fun Fact: Elmwood, the birthplace of James Russell Lowell, is the current home of the University president.
Beaglin at Bobby's!
I need to find one in my area asap
That's not good lol
follow me and Ill follow back and send more your way!
We all go a little mad sometimes.
schein if ur Texanz.dont win the division without peyton they will never do it... there future division title.should have an *
Show 21 and another 1st, Jared Sherlock made me cry and it was a magic show. damn dude. Laughed lots too. Guy gots talent.
“: I don't know everything but I know penises shouldn't taste mediciney.”
Hi sis, We're staying on Kaanapali beach. Thanks for the suggestions. We're really excited! :)
Pondering: Are there flaws in #SWTOR that Star Wars fans/players are willing to overlook because it is still so much better than Galaxies?
It's storming here in New Orleans, which is good, I have to rest up, the last few days have kicked my butt.
Weber, heaven forbid that I should wound your sensibility
Does Lilly have a hash tag this year? Making my own
that would be Twitter. But do you view on computer, mobile phone or tablet? What's your device of choice?
Stay tuned... an announcement about our upcoming "Love Eternal" Show is coming up!
It's a scorcher today!
TMNT! Pizza rolls!
Bored As Fuck
Two 4x4-ft 18-ft deep Caissons excavated, steel tied, and ready to pour 3000 psi concrete. See the attached link for construction photos:
at home on a Saturday night, reading a good book. I bet I sound like a complete loser. Oh well, this is my idea of a fun night
crap!!! i forgot my twitter put me on dm limit -___________- so i cnt message u back, and im mrslegitkingtut's friend
Yea i seen tht lol i wasn't say that because i thought tht was why your getting hate :)
Relaxing by the fire, waiting for the Dexter finale. Lovely evening and end to a very good weekend. Glad Doo is home from dad's. *heart*
im glad I was wrong!
Your mind is racing like a pro now, oh my god it doesn't mean a lot to you.
Put on my wall- "If yr a #nc09 strict Christian conservative, I don't see how u could find anyone more ideal 4 Congress than Ken Leonczyk."
good - love the trail/wilderness angst books.
on today from 1 to 2
Been sleep all day , now I can't sleep at all :P
I could go for some tacos right now
I can't handle the truth today obviously
RT : Faith runs on regular prayer.
Pick your battles.
they have chosen wisely, congrats!
hang in there bro.. #thirdparty #planb.. Loving the pics.. More please..
only time I recall him in coverage was near goal line. Looked likehe lost responsibility & didn't drop deep enough. Gave up a TD.
Now Christmas is over :( we need to get prepared for 2012!!! So what is your New Year's resolution?
Aficionado just crushed it.
#success is one step at a time...today's sucess is making it thru daylight savings time! tomorrow try new strenght train workout
RT : Derek Fisher will remain one of the greatest leaders of all time. The city of LA will be forever grateful to him
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
If I have to pull out a dictionary to understand your argument, am I allowed to see that as a problem?
awkward is my specialty.
Happy Friday everyone! The weather here is raining but we really need it! Share what's happening in your neighbor- what's the weather like?
We love & John P!
hm I believe you still owe me a follow....by the way Good Luck tonight! :)
True. I gotta go. I won't be on much the next few days. I got my kindle taken away so I can't get on :''( Ttyl
I think that's Sammy Hagar and he's pretending to not be able to drive 55.
Fairfax County police say reports investigators had video of fatal and run "absolutely false."
oh, sisters.....i am loving this thought.....xo
well, I'm pretty honest about how not well the baby sleeps, at least
Congratulations to rider on her gold medal win at the Pan American games!
When does believe come out. im dying to hear it
Congrats to Tyler Johnson for winning today's $10 Tab giveaway! We are doing it once a day so check back tomorrow!
Dr.Pepper flavor Slurpee at 711
100 pgs proofed. Little 0ver 100 left to do. Then spell check. Then wiritng done on book four. Night everyone!
Ryann was finally found this morning!
Sarah has more swag ;)
Marriage is life's greatest gamble?!?! What about unprotected sex with Courtney?
Of course the day I'm free to go on Twitter, doesn't tweet.
At the International Beauty Show<3
sorry, don't know someone available for this right now.
I'm fine! Haven't been treated yet. But the place is by a shake shack. Yes!
editing my history 285 paper. Just a few more days until new york city & family & christmas & homemade chicken parm & egg nog
yankee game tonight!
about to do this yard work -_- stupid ass irene wanna blow leaves and shit
Hello llamaa:D
Just noticed the nest.com video is using Fuller sans. I like it even more.
Merry Christmas
maybe if they actually got a DC?
My dog knows the meaning of the word walk. I am doomed.
thanks for the FF
if your lonely then you must be doing something wrong .
Communication keys from : Know peoples names.Eye contact. Use a talking voice. Relax body language. Use helping words.
are you making us breakfast? Lol
The Vow was great! That Channing Tatum is a sweetie.
no its not just freshman its the whole 10th grade 9th grade underclass....
Thank the good lord. More Ron Swanson for all!
ugh...why cant you just love me?:'(
the Bulls are still the better team IMO but they are only 7-5 against playoff teams without Rose. 18-9 overall
got the superbowl by you this year huh? Awesome!
No((: RT : I wonder if works tonight? :)
dude why aren't u watching the wings? Watch a real mans sport none of that sissy #NBA bs
Thanks for following me, Scott!
#BroughtonMemories that ratchett ass Cafeteria lady
help someone 'have a cow' today, follow the good works of
Ashton Kutcher to play Steve Jobs?
I love that one!
yeah why do they have to give us false hope
Adobe Lightroom 4 arrives in the Mac App Store for $149.99 (Chris Welch/The Verge)
Please rain be gone by 10 pm..
True, but I think we're up to the task. Good to hear from you, Michael!
love you
lol yea but how could I forget my imagination wouldn't let me lmao
In Music Meeting- LCD Sound System “Drunk Girls” well it’s fun, and weird Jade hates it, Rachael & Tom love it
data on sex slavery is notoriously inaccurate, and often solutions don't actually address the real problems or needs of victims
EVERYONE BE SURE TO FOLLOW A GREAT PROGRAM STARTED BY YOUNG BLACK COLLEGE STUDENTS.
That's what makes you beautiful <33
awww that's okay ! So is Geo coming for sure ? (:
Officially passed 900 followers today. Let's see how long it takes to get to 1,000...
hey Pete! Follow back ;-)
thx Duno if u saw correct hh but Tyler opens w heaps Eli cals with 40bbs but its Eli, I call Bb. Tyler bets Eli raises I jam20bbs
ahah it's 9:15 there's nothing to do
looks great!
Good cigars are a costly pass time. Sometimes I wish I'd chosen something cheaper....
Yup. No nonsense, right? We have to "get 'r done" so we have time with our families. Motherhood motivates. :)
Hilarious movie. I loved it. Laughed nonstop
All upcoming #physicallyfit #models #fitnessmodels in #southbeach #Miami #ftlauderdale we do video promos for #models 2 gain exposure!
What is better than Wisco Friday Fish fry and a few beers! Come and join us Milwaukee!
what? who?
Calipari Grand Marshall for #PegasusParade today. Suggestions on what my sign should say?
"Sheldon, do I have to hold up a sarcasm sign every time I open my mouth?"- Leonard "You have a sign?"- Sheldon
Blows my mind that medical professionals and the NFL are only recently tying head trauma and football.
Awesome!!! I hope we get to see you!
some people are worth remembering, others better forgotten.
Already working on it <3
Surprisingly, it only takes 1 CIO to change a light bulb. Who knew it was so not at all a technical challenge?
UAV-cat out of bag
awesome quote: "If children do not learn the way we teach them, we must teach them the way they learn." Rita Dunn
seen a good number of Nationals games w/ Harper. Most outrageous thing I've seen him do is play hard. Glad Hamels polices that
I love culinary history. If I was not interested in music, I'd study food.
hang around successful positive people and you feel the need to strive for the best .. do the opposite and you get nowhere
I like soft and femme, too. Actually, there's not much I *don't* like. I guess I'm easy.
folks, it too soon for the overly air-conditioned cafés! I don't want to have to wear a sweater indoors.
A co-worker of mine just started watching that -- she said she watched all season 1 in a single evening, she couldn't stop!
Oh Twitter. I'm sorry. I forget about you. I"m not doing a good job with my twits.
New head shots have been selected.....stay tuned for the launch or go see a preview on FB
seriously I have way more talent than that guy.
Got my order! One doesn't fit but the Soda Fountain Dress is perfect! Sending other dress back so I can order more SFD colors:)
mystery shopping the Apple Store I can understand, but Nordstroms--that's your personal gain :) ^SB
"My one regret in life is that i'll never have a dog. But sometimes I tie a hair to a piece of lint and I drag it around."
amazing how an early snowstorm will cause people to dress like it's antartica...
what a superb sportswriter!
#govwebcon attendees let's meet in hotel bar!
We be gettin lots of snow!
Remember kids "U can never turn a Hoe into a house wife!?"
where tf is that? At frys electronics :P.
give me your thoughts on how well #Pandora is doing since their
yeah, sadly i will prob. not be going hahah actually, most def. wont be going lol.
best weekend
sure looks like scored the most!
telling everyone to tweet #BM2_MTAbus. Also sending them to
how long are you there for? I get back on Tuesday
Interested to see if D. Wade will stay in Miami and if the Heat can recruit Bosh and King James.
Had an amazing #MothersDay dinner at one of our favorite Denver restaurants !
Workin on my next cover!! All hard ^.^ so excited!!
Only 5 days til #TeenHoot it has gone by so fast and we are all so excited!
at least he's blinking, I think.
Bored at school
but your first name is so un commob
that must be it, you're too intimidating! I feel ugly and short next to you so there's no hope for me! <3
Wizzy said it best
3 days till the LFL debuts!! Chicago Bilss vs. Miami Caliente, Friday going to be one hot night in the Windy City!!
going to the land of the biebs/drake!! woot woot!!
I thought KILLED it on #RaisingHope tonight. Would LOVE to see her acting more- What a doll.
thx for coming!!!!
I dig YOU! And I miss YOU!
I didn't said guitar center was better, I said I didn't know best buy had a instrument store... Now I know and am going there :)
RT : The more obvious ÿõù are that #Aquarius are annoying you, the more obnoxious they'll be.
Thank you for the kind endorsement Joe.
Right away ": Im hungry -_- feed me dick "
When I could tell you anything.
"Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis, when I was dead broke man I couldn't picture this" - BIG
I feel bad for anyone that isn't a student at uk!
To buy a pair of herringbone TOMS or not to buy them that is the question...
a jarontee is better than guarantee
I was invited to play Vball there!!(: haha
thanks for the Retweet!!
Why do Wutang fans look like they'd like ICP?
Looking toward #MozartChat mama on 3 July. Will round up a few musical tweets.
Thanks for the follow back. I appreciate all you do for acts like Bryan Cole and Thank you!
I just got the new polo boots
I do both p90x2 and p90x1 but I prefer P90x1 i feel I'm working harder .
we need policy to push these changes
There are only 22 episodes in a season and 52 weeks in a year. There are going to have to be breaks sometimes.
If the core body politic of the dems does not adjust the begging aspect OFA & respect the intellect of its voters. It will fail. TBR
I agree. Yikes!
Took grandma out for dinner. Amazing perspective when you have been around so long.
As & have said, Kermit-flails must be good exercise. Kermit's always thin. #KermitFlailToday!
I'm sorry you're #CaughtUp. Gonna b ruff when reality decides to catch up with you.
True Hip Hop Culture aint MainStream...these Industry Vultures livin a DayDream
no Jill. You are not allowed to tweet about Nicky Minaj. Bad.
Home, spring break, 21st birthday, start of SXSW, this may actually be the craziest my life has ever been
Just now seeing these #FF 's !! Thanks for the shout we really appreciate it.
If your left palm itches,you'll get money. CMON LEFT HAND,start itching lol
of all the girls tossin rock at your window , ill be the one waiting there even when it cold .
What was she like? Whom did she marry? You have known nearlyeverybody in your time, so you might have known her
I have the same relationship, the best!
A4: I feel entitled to my life ... Period! I'm doing me!
ikr!! Or like the roads ice over or something!! Ah I would be haappyy!
Work was painfully miserable today, but somehow I made it. I hate you all!
Trying to find someone to work for me is impossible. #ugh about to get written up
Woohoo so cited!
im crabby....see ya later. i cant wait for packers to start
Gulp. Chug. Aaaaahhhh.
I'm a Hobbit friend too. They're also creating a film of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
THIS JUST IN: David Simon, creator of the acclaimed TV series "The Wire," will be Commencement Speaker for the Class of 2012!
I needa head scratch...
OH @ our #arttodinefor event: "Is that LT. Daniels' wife leading the dance?!" cc
Also, will likely be wearing a bowling pin costume at at least one of our shows next week!
loved it. Mike tyson and shatner. And the unknown girl was great, one of my fav lines was from her.
Paseo at Coors is blocked. No one on.
ill ask if you can come over my house
What channel is the spurs game on tmrw?
Believe you can and you’re halfway there!
that's a lie you are you so lame you make nerds popular
retweet away doll ;)
Impressed with UNLV's athleticism last night. They still need to find their rhythm on offense but they should turn some heads this year.
Hey man it's
How are sales for March 17 going?
Dio back together? Without Ronnie James Dio? A new singer. How does that work, Dio is that band.
haha pretty boring going to see the raven with my dad then work tonight. You?
WOW! Congrats! Now you can retain me! :-)
All work no play time to hit the studio an go hammer
Any Indy business offering the best Indy deals? we are featuring FREE deals postings for a limited time!... Email
I'm at the front of the memorial on Pennsylvania, by the masts with all the colorful flags.
I'm proud of you :)
I see these bitches calling, I just hit
Aw! I love the song. I didn't even hear it, just started singing it! And we can build this thing together....
": Every boy has a soft side .."
"This potent, immediate novel will give you a potent, immediate penis." Yup, it works.
We all got shwasted! #TooMuchSake Thanks for coming!
Hey there Andre - thanks for the follow!
YAY!!!!! i know, it took me long enough, but i broke down and did it!!!!
I know, right? LOVE living in FL! I have in my yard: pineapple, banana, papaya, dragonfruit, lemongrass, sweet potatoes...
defense has taken control of game. Three forced fumbles lead to three SA TDs vs. Pittsburgh. Up 54-38 with 11:05 left.
Happy New Year! Hope that everyone makes it home safely..Remember in 2012 that leggings are not pants!
We are still experiencing technical difficulties with the site. We hope to have them resolved soon. Thank you for your patience.
/// Niggas are so used to hearing the USUAL RADIO SHIT to the fact that they automatically diss an album they haven't heard yet.
Looking forward to the Rutter party Milwaukee tonight.
I wasn't, but now I am following :)
Anybody else cry when carolines dad died?
From web analytics to delivering bunnies with !
Nevermind, I'm closer to throwing my computer across the street than I am broadcasting with it...
cuz i am broad, broad, broader then Broadway (^.^)
I will be there all day tomorrow.
GAFE fast track.
Lots of pitching going on, and not the baseball type.
not a big mystery
This timeoutgate is more important arguably more important than everything that's happened so far.
Awesome reading a feature on Portland music in this morning's Way to go !!
in post-production for client's trade show video; preparing proposal for client's media training needs; in pre-production for London shoot.
You STAY classy CHICAGO!!
and their "acting" and the things they say. It looks forced, not natural.
You may have me beat for the time my dad called to ask how to make spaghetti.
Have any of our followers been to JA? Or are from JA!?
you wont believe us, but it took 7 days “: How long did it take your team to pull the demo together? #spop12”
Humans can speak, yet we choose to tweet.
When you hug me, I don't wanna break free from you. It's crazy how you can make me fall in love with you with that hug.
hello where you both droped on your heads he's playing the steelers
missing my man :/
Octavia Spencer FTW!! And looks just fabulous. That #Oscar looks good on you girl!
watermelon tease drink on the side
JonathanMilling thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
its actually a tiny little pizza place lol
ugh don't even get me started! Hahaha but thanks for asking! He's lucky to be alive :) jk
the attorneys give the agents their two cents but I'm not negotiating with an agent, a manager and a lawyer.
Why are you scared.. it's just a roach? *roach spreads wings* OH SHIT IT CAN FLY, RUN BITCH RUN!"
Another NYE in D.C., but nothing seems exceptionally cool or different.
Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks, Jamie. It was amazing! Wish the recording was already available.
I love you too, dad.
Don't be the doorknob where everyone gets a turn, be a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot...
I want to dance, and love, and dance again
Instead of eulogies, I would like my jokes to be read at my funeral. That way, you'll all see that they DID kill, eventually.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!! Start the new year FRESH with a new lakefront home at Lake Bluff Condominiums! www.lakebluffcondos.com
Ah. Fair enough.
Awww! It would be much fun to hang out with the McClains
you probably have more fun with her than you do with me :c alright then.
having fun with nuns!
good catch on that article.
finally saw the latest 2 episodes i missed. MY MIND IS FUCKING BLOWN
Seaside, FL residents & employees receive 20% off any entrees or sushi today!
For the next 43 minutes swing by GB Fish & Chips and get the deal shown here: KIDS eat FREE!
having a sophisticated conversation is a nice sort of change from the original "common-knowledge" talks you have with pals...
Would love to hear u interpret "Sunday Will Never Be the Same." Such an achingly sad song, but original so up-tempo.
Feels Good Today.
On the road to look at doggies. One Terrier-Rottweiler mix, one Weimaraner.
I can't hang with no pussy ass nigga (Rozay voice)
wondering how to find friends on twitter without cruising my whole contact list
I was starting to think I was the only one. :)
Morning munchkins!!
So I believe I saw more black reporters in the pressbox at the #bruins hockey game today than I saw in #redsox yesterday.
RT : Commitment leads to action. Action brings your dream closer. Marcia Wieder
my singing voice is slowly coming back. so i have a bunch youtube videos to make once it does.
#idhavetoslapyou when u come back to the pawnshop where u stole a cellphone and tried to sell it to us....smh...dumbass....
follow me please? I absolutely LOVE your song Cali Cali Cali!!
I just started reading "The Battle For Wine & Love or How I Saved the World from Parkerization". Great read so far!!
` Im Fuckin Bored Right Now
Wishing did a following spree for us.
I really enjoy surprising people with what I can do. I'll gladly be the underdog.
I guess shopping after work wasn't such a good idea. Got some cute stuff but so I don't regret it.
Making that money
Awesome, thank you! Where would you like a gift card to? Anyplace you like (that sells gift cards).
when the boys go on ellen i hope ellen shits on harry's life about caroline
when i die, I want to have a destination funeral.
who do you think John cenas opponent will be
i love u JB
Just saw Colonel Mustard at the gas station
That I know I should have and now that I have wonder what made me wait.
ok folks i am outta here tonight.
Let's get rich and give everybody nice sweaters and teach them how to dance #You&Eye <3
soon we will be getting sick of memes before they even begin
Awesome man! Thank you so much. Be sure to try the Gyro and the Chili Cheese Frito slices this month
just said Kobe is cute. She could stay in the house 👈
yeah they'll have to show it eventually xD
guys that take pics of themselve mirror are fags
My mom is literally a part of me. You can't say that about many people except relatives, and organ donors.
My pleasure, and likewise!
What does it mean?
Hard-earned wisdom is something you can’t buy. It’s the wings of experience that make you fly. ~ Eric Bibb from "Shine On"
Celebrate the Kentucky Derby low and slow on Saturday w festive specials on hot brown, mint julep pitchers, and derby pie.
Usability tip: Having a link that reads "Using this website is easy!" that links to an FAQ on how to use the site means it's not that easy.
our city is amazing in the fall.
fantastic article! All of us here at Copper Kettle are huge fans! We'd love to have you in to Brew some beer here!
I'm on your side bro, love your work
if u missed it go to kpfa 94.1 on the internet and listen to the walkerboyz on the radio be up online until may 5th
hello dimgray evening time 2 sleep
this sounds like it should be an headline - not real American news.
It is the principle of existence, and its only end
damn wait you are to hoe
That sound you hear is all the heterosexual marriages suddenly ending.
Yes. 5 min to show. Joe Cirincione, Ploughshares Fund will be a guest.
well im not her and im not rude, so sorry ^_^ i hope she's ugly lol
Hey there... Ain't heard from ya in a min... Nice #Avi pic...
"Love will always find you Without a doubt or a chase, Love will always heal you If you accept your heart and heavenly face, Love just is"
Good luck in your racquetball tournament this weekend. make sure to relocate back to center court to help stay in rallies.
and i know you'll always be there for me
If #Lebron is walking down the sidewalk and trips over his own feet and falls...do refs pop out of the bushes to give him an And-1?
So if a guy obviously likes you but has issues showing that infront of your friends? Im so over you... Come back when you can man up
Start wherever you are and start small
I have to say my outfit is kicking some serious ass though. No frumpy librarian look for me!
yes you must catch up!
Bummed I can't see tonight. Sold out show. Play "This Is Not An Exit" for me!
#TweetBack Answer: If I could be anywhere Resort in #HI right now, I would be in/at ______
I wonder if it was a sign. God puts things out there for us to see and we ignore them. That goes for business n personal relationships
Ha Shockingly No RT : Tell me there not asking him about fishing? RT on The Joe B and Denny show RIGHT NOW
Anyone interested in seeing "For Greater Glory"? What are your thoughts behind the film's concept?
why hello!
My Tia's from Nicaragua fly in today 😄
working the beer fight tonight?
Let's go Yankees!💙
Hahaha mhmm! You're funny :) I'll talk to you later lucky man! Sleep time.
You are awesome! Yes, Cheech you gotta see this exhibit
Haha! :) RT : Just watched and I think I saw the hardest working girl in the city
Good morning Facebook, hope everyone is having a good day!!
#WeCantDate unless you are
Just in: Seeking a Controller for a local company. Excellent salary for a hands on individual to lead a growing company. Position may lead …
commercial AUDITIONS for Target and Clue. got to work with an adorable child (who stole the spotlight).
10 blocks for Bynum.. Dude is playing great. did a great job coaching this raw talent.
Hey like our page and follow us on twitter!!!! Let's get us to 250 today :)
it's lyrics.
Blog update tomorrow morning!
Drinking arizona raspberry
hi! Tweet
#typo I meant could pick
**Senior Animator**- A Developer- Germany
hey Mo. How many years has it been?!
We thank you all of you that have sent mails regarding the album and the good vibes.. .very groovy good positive vibes..(: show details...
My Prayers Gettin Stronger
That's what you get for NOT CALLING YOUR MOTHER!!
Today is National Chocolate Chip Day? How marvelous!
You can now get vegan slices at both stores! Vegan slices of soy cheese are available as the lunch special as well! Slice and a soda $5!
lost my mind and my cellphone n da same night. Damn Dirty Sprite
Last one of the year. #GoAvsGo!
A noble man compares and estimates himself by an idea which is higher than himself; and a mean man, by one lower than himself. MA
Shit i just remembered i have to read at mass
When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts
Fun day at the gym
he's awful, as bad as jay mariotti.
Irish Band needed to play at a Midlands racecourse on Easter Monday. Any ideas - please contact me asap.
i seen #oomf out on fri.... but he hates me lol
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way. -Wayne Dyer
Last day of Spring Break tomorrow.. It has gone by too fast! :( wish it would last forever.
that. is. disgusting. faux bacon syrup?
Also, According to Danny, I fucked my best friend during my period, because Danny knows all.
Eating then taking a nap >>
Archer marathon!
come to me
Posted by Tom under budgeting, save on insurance, saving money online, saving with coupons 1 Comment »
v.v what? I already have wow time, I'll just get you in! >.>
Paul flopped multiple times during this game, which led to the Clippers outscoring the Nuggets.
I do
he is throwing again, bullpen session tomorrow. On his way back
For everyone who does evil things hates the light and avoids it, so that his actions won't be exposed. -Yeshua
-- What Song You Like ?
We have Hot Yoga!! See you soon!
Love can't always go the way you want it to.
Somewhere Over The Rainbow/Wonderful World - Israel Kamakawiwo'ole
Recently heard Stephen Drury do those in St. Paul - magical stuff that only really came alive for me on hearing them in concert.
yeah have you been to any concerts :o?
Are you a beast who swings a 34.5" or 35" bat? If so, and you want a free Axis Sports bat, LMK. I have a bunch - if you wanna pick one up.
LolllRT : That's why I ride wit weed at all times 👊👊👊
RT : Happy 10 year anniversary to for being at CFA!
back row blue shirt near the food table. Will look 4 u after
I hope Madison is ready to spend all weekend with me!! 😏
People need to stop acting like if we live in a perfect world.
I'm always amazed that people don't shop/browse their own websites and then act surprised when something's reported as broken.
Just finished a political thriller, Price of Liberty by It accelerates with every page. Nice work, Keir
It's like the Internet's version of being schizophrenic!
Buying go-phones all over town. Just stop looking at me like I'm a drug dealer.
What is/was for lunch?
Sarah Phillips has a breaking story on the matter, but can't log in to her work e-mail.
#MoreFemalesShould eat macaroni and cheese. seriously, bitches. get on it.
#GoCubsGo. We’re the place to watch the #Cubs take on the Phillies at 6:05pm. Let’s hope #RyanDempster doesn’t get mad today.
You know you're busy when you haven't tweeted in a week.
EVERYONE!! GO FOLLOW NOW ...THERE EFFIN AMAZING K?! COOL AHHAHA GO FOLLOW NOW
One, two skip a few omg I'm wasted
When did the full version of #NotALoveSong come out?
idk I'm guessing misa ends at 9 so around there.
Love the Swept Away: Dust, Ashes, and Dirt exhibit at MAD in Cols Circle! The John Dingilian pieces are amazing
Ive been using "It's My Birthday!" excuse all day..
ya man sampling is most def my strength, all the soundcloud beats are me experimenting on Machine, got the MPC back though :)
gimme a henna tattoo<33333 hehe
yeah i once had them all up on a cdn, went on vacation after hitting 'post'.. apparently got reddit/digg'ed + came back to $~2k
I disagree with Graham's position on gay marriage, and believe his view is discriminatory. It's OK to not tolerate intolerance.
come to ghiradelli square.
haha;) you like?(:
Another excuse to go shopping again today!
Besieus playing now, sound great! Then The Big Pink Outland Live!
Good conversation..can always appreciate that!
hang soon?(:
Love you more sweets!!!! xoxo
Wearing a dress & didn't shave my legs.. Ew? #ohwell #yolo :P
No Exit. Watch towers loom over ashes of white picket fence. Los Angeles . 26feb11
good morning hows everyone doing?
32 Robinson Road Wandi Perth Western Australia - kitchen cupboards
Mason in command half way through the 3rd... 40 to 28
#know12 3 key ITSM workflows: incident; request; information. But not scalable; we want not to manage service, but to *automate* it.
a local co Ed frat!
So happy it's Saturday & a three day weekend! Cleaning, however, did not start at 6:00 with enthusiasm as planned. New start time: noon-ish
Looking for extra stress? Hang with the ex
rain rain, go away.... I can't remember why I wanted it to stop raining, but I just know I do....
The Axeman cometh.
#GaryOldman was offered the role of Smiley. "The best part was getting the phone call."
can you DM justin for me im following please !!
She love to kiss my tattoo...Why
wow there is an image before lunch I did'nt need...
: How will "an aspirin between my knees" limit the cysts on the one ovary I have left?
Can you send us a high-res image of your fun pak or party pak? We're working on a post to help promote your menu. Thanks!
Thx! RT : To my New BFF Followers:
jelous!! I though we had one to rjay
Denying the omnipresent Reality is like the blind declaring that there is no sun at midday.
First rack of ribs.
"You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means."
I know I was joking. Rivers will have a rough go this season. They wiil need some help in the draft I think.
Photo shoot time!!!! :)
Thunderstorms and frozen snickers... Two of my favorite things!
I really hope that my Northern Light latte was worth waiting 15 minutes in line for !! I needed a Friday morning #JumpStart!!
I'm getting a sign to show cars when I'm walking around Pdx that states: You are legally required to stop and let me cross.
hey there! Thanks for the shout :)
you're both made for each other, you cheating, dumb assholes.
And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have cattle.
Congrats to Tom Thibodeau for the Coach of the Year award, hope it isn't the sign of disaster similar to previous winners
Shout out to the guy that just cut me in line...awesome manners man 👍
I know you had good taste!!!'
when someone especially a guy disrespects a female. you may be playing around & she'll laugh but you dont know how bad you hurt her .
This lady on the bus is hacking up hairballs -.-
Let us know what you think!! RT Drinking wine outside waiting to be seated can't wait to try it out!
Word to the wise: always watch where you are going. I just hit a column with the cart because I wasn't looking where I was going.
because I bleed Pat's Blue and Red and I need a clean up towel that matches!
You bet!
's flowers are dead
Good thing you didn't come, Ms. Parks would have been on your ass today. But we did learn new moves.
Celebrities tweeting addresses of people for any reason is WRONG. They can hide behind gates & guards- regular people can't. ThinkB4UTweet!
Tip of the day: If you want to get smarter then alls you got to do is learn stuff.
typical #GOP political games...I thought congress was about jobs, not pissing contests on bills that will fail.
amen my dear
thanks for the follow. You should help our foundation raise awareness of drug detection Changing lives
when u coming to the Milwaukee UCB? There isnt one?!? It's just my basement I kidnap celebs and makem improv 4me? Maybe.
Is a 10 run lead enough for a #Redsox win?
I do, that's why I asked. The vintage oak phonograph cabinet, what stories did it sing?
it's cold and raining today is that day to stay home cuddle and watch movies
The @ tab in my Twitter account is like my junk folder in Mail—filled with spam. My DM folder on Twitter is filled w/ compromised accounts
We're at Sansome and Union for the Williams Sonoma farmers' market, come down. With , 11:30-2pm
I am staffing 2 #perm #tech #support jobs in #philly. #in RT will help me! Thx!
Omg ur face is Like so Luke warm! Love it love u miss Colleen
In Keeneland's 1st Sunday taking #11 A.P. Eli at 5/2 or better. Also, betting #12 Like a Dream. In Belmont's 3rd, it's #6 More Than Lucky
I'll prolly b over round 330ish if that works
YOU ARE MY FAVORITE PERSON EVER.
CITY GEAR IS HERE !! WITH GREAT DEALS!!!! 4443 CANERUN ROAD
Happy Mother's Day to all those who do their best to nourish their child/children, and anyone else that comes into their lives! I <3 U MOM!
Re singing. Love it!!
Finally! Some business at the summer reading desk.
a good offense makes a good defense?
oh hey dudes.
happy birthday!
Aw, you remember the little people! Thanks man!!!
Yes, really. Came up at one of my clubs' board mtgs today. Haven't heard of Hungerthon. Who puts it on?
That feeling you get when, his name shows up on your phone.
Why do I enjoy fine dining? Because every day should be a celebration. That's why I enjoy Everest on a random Wednesday. You should go.
Layoffs today. & they expect nxt meeting to be as if nothing happened? We just say "glad it wasn't me"? Bad economy or mismanagement?
If interested in gamification, check into badgeville.com
RT : I am going to name my son Tebow
What a gorgeous photo!
BDs mongollian grill: price of beer < price of soda
First person to mention Platinum Posts in a Tweet will get 30% off first order
Have you created any flipped class vodcasts? If so, what subject do you teach?
it is, dude you always have to have me tagged or i might not see it?
you look beautiful as always Joy!!
Happy mothers day mommy! Love you. 💓👩
Thank you so much for the mention! How Nice! :-)
Bark4Life cancelled :( have to find a way to get more people involved in this great cause so we can get it off the ground!
Romney was a bully in high school? And nobama was just getting high. Why are we talking about this?
in this situation what sort of hugs would you provide?
RT : Sentiment analysis may be the future of how social media is used by reporters - #smwpolitics <-- and politicians
Stretch your hamstrings
haha well thank you!
It's RUMBLING here again.. haha.. when did I turn into such a wimp? I'm waiting for the cat to turn on me..
I wanna thank all the Taylor Swift Fans who are helping me with this contest yall are awesome! :)
Looking forward to it! (representing CCPE at #SoSlam and recent grad of PRCC!)
“: Hm this might be a slap in the face. #ouch” ??
Anybody going to the red sox game today?
plz follow me back guys :)
I don't understand why people think belly button piercings are so to die for. personally, I think there trashy
Will everyone please look at this beautiful incredible moon
Everyone who got to meet Liam today, I envy you. 😒
shit money is hard to handle.. im spending like $50 a year on books.. wow im soo.. wow
It was an honor to have you and Andrea at our home for dinner 10/10. Randy and I will always cheer for you.
Ughh! I Had To start On My Twitter! This Is My New One! Tell People To Follow Mee!(: Thankss
Thanks Marine! if you like to help travelers to your destination you may want to consider joining at www.tripaha.com. Thanks!
The Public Option kills grandmas dead.
Thx! RT : . Twitter question about control being addressed by : Focus needs to be on control points.
We are looking for Brand Ambassadors in Middle NJ, Arkansas, Missouri and more! Please DM your contact email, and have a #winning attitude!
I actually thought that same thing.
(The prince did end up serving in Afghanistan for 10 weeks, until word of his deployment got out.)
im gonna cry when i leave austin at the airport<3
Rob your so amazing!<3
It's crazy tho, they doing everything but arresting him, chief resigning was like *Kanye shrug*
what?! I totally just lied to some1 the other day & told them u were coming! When did that happen? Are Ant Marlene/Unc Nolan?
Indeed! RT : But seriously. Props for keeping the el running. We bus people are just jealous.
Lake Highlands OT Kent Perkins was not able to make it to today's #UT junior day.
who are you to speak for everyone else? No one cares what u think
Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other.
#13-Chris Johnson-RB-Tennessee Titans
Oughtta leave you with an unsightly bald spot! But at least you'll have a nice bikini line.
gotta get in the studio with super Puerto Rican Producer for more rounds...
the city's freedom festival's fireworks just started and I'm laying in bed. what a loser.
lol got my alberforth. I'm happy :).
Hey peeps
Whoa. It's May. Craziness!
I just know this is gonna end up making me upset...
what? I'm wicked smahhht. : )
Thanks for the follow, Joe! Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue & Langen Neubacher at the new Plush!
Just like old times! I can go over all the house stuff with you too
My first concert: 's Never Say Never tour with Silk and 702 @ Merriweather Post Pavilion. High school grad present '99
like how do you usually put it? I figure you're pretty confident yourself.:> or do you even think about that stuff?:p lol
4 images from my recent post just disappeared? What?? Hold on tweeps. We are having technical dificulties $$%@!!
Just finished up the last session. I had a couple of nodders. How can you not get excited about vAAI and the VNX platform???
Pres. Obama called Warren Buffett this morning, according to Press Secy Jay Carney. They talked briefly and the president wished him well.
A great summer read: "The Help" by Kathryn Stockett. Setting: 1962 Jackson, Mississippi. Great book!!
Money is the opposite of the weather. Nobody talks about it, but everybody does something about it.
I just found myself trying to put my eye shadow in the refrigerator.
If anyone wants 3 never shout never tickets for Wednesday, let me know. I can't make it.
Hidden Treasures of Bedford PA is now on board Diversity Platinum Rewards. Check them out on facebook: Bedford Hiddentreasures. Welcome!
I'm sorry, you need to turn down your ignorance so I can hear you.
Sorry, DSLR. Prefer Canon or Nikon (I have both, so not a giant preference for either).
asdfghjkl; idkkkkk if I can. D: I basically went cause my friend was in the band :(
Enjoyed "Spider in My Stew" by Magic Slim on Slacker
it's on Espn and nfl network
love the nickname 2 jobs. I want the term no jobs, just wealth
Go Blue!
So the 1st period we shoot from everywhere but in the 2nd we start with the fancy passes again?
The power of our dog's farts never cease to amaze me. #GoodMorning! You can't help but ask, what did you eat? When you know exactly what...
👌👨 Let's get vmfucjed up
Sorry for earlier tweet! I had early bird checkin - not biz select. I blame brain fog at 7am :) Love flying you guys!
Sharon Morrissey: "Employment is the answer to poverty; education is the answer to unemployment."
Do you think Sharon Watts would give me a free drink?
Did more Ikea shopping today! :)
so tired today...
Our hope for new students headed to the campus for #RiceOWeek is that you know you are welcome here!
I think it revolves around more of how the media has annointed him without the wrk being put in. Off the court he's cool.
Check out for a Laura Cuetara theater piece (this Sun & Mon) - featuring , btw :-)
i know. The next time will probably be your birthday at the rate we r going.....
I want some waffles and hot syrup! It's just one of those mornings. #TeamDazzy!
#orphans8 Just heard an amazing presentation from Audrey Young and Issa Garcia Ascot from Archivo Memoria. Incredible work.
Got my new Husker Yoga Pants!
Exactly it is a team effort
Happy Mother's Day
I've gotten so many emails lately with the word "test" in the subject. Like this: "TEST - The real subject" New gimmick so people open them?
"Think Like God...Act Like Jesus!" ~RM
#PinkTip Promote your brick and mortar on Facebook Places and Google Places
I'm new to instagram... how do I follow you? LOL
My Date is Looking Hella Good in His White Tux.:-)
i know man, your pics have been making me so excited hahaha
make sure to follow she be flexin!!
I miss my sisters ):
Let's bet some horses at Santa Anita. I like a couple of maidens in today's 9th.
having in mind the effect which a too-detailed description of these may have upon the moron
How many Justin Bieber posters is too many for a bedroom? (asking for a friend)
Thanks for following WNY Heritage Magazine! Glad to see so many former Buffalonians keeping up with our great city on here!
Orange soda + Coke = Mezzo Mix
“You’ll miss the best things if you keep your eyes shut.” - Dr. Seuss
sweet fat beagle. Are you just going to work?!
"Hard Candy"
The lesbians next door gave me a Rolex for my birthday. very nice, but i think they misunderstood when i said i wanna watch!
Big love going out to enjoy your sleep tonight, its your last for a while.... all our love to you all!
Cuddling > work
I donno why, but I'm feeling pretty good about today! How's ur day looking?
Enjoyed being apart of TSAW ATL.Love your spirit & how you put god in your coaching. It gave me hope as an actor. Luv ya
I'm not the type to give up easily, I fight for what I want.
I gave +K about Unicorns on - I guess they really are experts on Unicorns!
How could I have missed it?! Thats what I get for pooling for Biden fundraiser
“The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.”—Unknown
...when life gives you lemons...throw them over your shoulder and look for an orange! ;-)
can't sleep...
got. u
If you are implying something just say it...
haha nice!! Thanks for playing it down so I'm not nervous...it's a small game not a playoff :) hahaha
Oh, PastPerfect--how did we survive without you?
A special Lover's Leap Blend of Black Tea and Rose petals. Perfect for any Valentine, even oneself. Reserve yours or order online today...
Next on the at 6, will join us with some NFL Draft insight. Hear who he thinks the Dolphins should draft.
yes, i can
Say it wit ya chest!
I wish attending weddings could be my career.
Thanks Laura for the RT! We are looking for passionate people looking to join a startup team. Can we post on your job board?
yes, i got it! thanks!
Your welcome
I don't even know who this "World Peace" guy is...nope, never saw him! LOL
Hey the amazing joey commercial skip...love it
A rent PARTY! Friday, May 4, 6-8PM their first RENT PARTY to support local artists!
No one cares what you think anyway lol
Gas prices went up another 30 cents today. That's up 50 cents for the week. It's time for real energy independence in the USA.
roger that.
love the new video! i wish i was that girl :P lmao
Let the tears fall..:/
definitely motorcycles.
and your just a woman away for a good night huh?
Last night, getting ready for bed, I changed Myla's diaper. She said, "I want to see poop." Um, yuck! Next stop - potty training!
At the dentist for the first time in a few years and they had me fill out my medical history on an iPad. The future is now.
I'm not angry, just forceful. And highly caffeinated.
Each trophy also has a point value. Most are 100pts. The hard ones are more. Whenever we add trophies, some people get more points
happy birthday and God bless you!
What an idiotic question!
My real dream job would be traveling all over the world and helping people in different countries
- Hi Bobby. How are you? Give me a call. - J O E
Yeah i missed a few days of my meds that keep me stable and it was hectic.RX ran out and had to wait. So that didn't help
Yeah bought couple of months ago :/
ugh.. u just failed me
I hate CHEESE.
If one has a wonderful cast iron skillet, why would one cook a Velveeta box meal in it?
Hey Every1!U should Follow ! Im tryin 2 help him reach a million followers. Please follow him,u won't regret it.Luv u Criss! bri
A great event!! Everyone was just having a blast for a wonderful reason!!
We don't have a link but inquiring coaches about fundraising can email or ahughlett@ (same)
I should be completing this certification test but uhm....I'm not going to my car now to get it.
Beware the shiny infographic!
Justin Inspires Us..darn right he does. <3
We have a thing, Behzod. Don't judge.
Ha! Any special beer to celebrate the special day?
You have taken the fun out of it by opening at midnight. Uncle.
And every time I look at you, it's like the first time
My Quote of the Day - "It's stasis that kills you off in the end, not ambition.", Bono
ok . lets make it happen . If you send me your e mail i can send you sample locations
For those who missed it, we’re looking forward to seeing you at our next event in January! Look for the invitation on Facebook.
What's good peoples #bong rips
Happy Day! I think I'm bringing into the fold, too... The produce is too good to resist!
since i have so many kids at the daycare,,, Happy mothers day (; love you best friend, hope you have a good day!
Just attended a great video marketing class at eXp Realty. All the education with this company is amazing!
i know this is like a year late but thanks!! and i changed my name on here;)
I always look awkward in publicity photos. It's really awkward.
Have you gotten to the part with the cat? There's a part with a cat.
thank-you ;)
I don't like starting anything I know I am not going to finish
Shit I Gotta Do
on election day make your lawn PC.
Smarter than he looks RT I like Mike Brown's plan of keeping Kobe out there in a blowout and trying to get the Nuggets sick.
RT Prince doing something interesting with his music tonight. Listen close. There is a theme.
RT Most entrepreneurs I know had the red pill shoved down their throats after their first run-in with a soul-ess bureaucracy.
great minds think alike
Familiarity breeds contempt - and children.
You become like the people you choose to be among. Choose wisely.
": GLAD U ENJOYED IT BABE!!!!"i really did..that shit was hella funny
definitely dodged the one about his Dad.
ah, yes, I know the smell of grass!!! When you relax, have some of me, just take a bite!
“: just hang in their bud. They wouldn't want you being sad.” You're sweet, thank you so much :)
We will see, I control my own destiny!
its been some dark moments in my life... I need some light.
Big three by Orange there to cut it to 7.
Is wondering how much "tweeting" is enough on a hourly/daily basis!
Oh, how true. RT .: If you're generally good at BS'ing, it means you don't hang around people who are smarter than you.
JUST RELEASED! The Future of Family Court Bill Eddy's new book
Yeah!! My boy dropping that #RICHKIDVIDEO in a few hours. #WatchOut!
A gauze halter dress. What was the most inappropriate outfit that you saw in an office this summer?
Anyone got a pool? I got sticks on deck!
You’ve heard the story, now come see it! Visit #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition that showcases 200 artifacts retrieved from the wreck site!
Movie recommendation is Morgan Freeman in "The Shawshank Redemption"
yeah bo
we'll c u there!
Keeping up with #redsox transactions this week is making my brain hurt.
Stupid eBay. This is the third DVD I ordered this month that was advertised as "new" but was a copy! Yet another trip to the PO to mail back
can you follow me :-)
Considering going to "Amazon University". Work half-time for a year and read every book on my Amazon wish list – see how much I can learn.
Congrats to the winners of the Rakim & Ken-Y concert tickets. Visit www.onqnites.com to see photo's.
"History rhymes" or something like that. What parallels are you seeing?
I've already checked out your YouTubes. ;)
Lol! Thank you! I needed that good advice & laugh! “: take 3 showtunes and call back in the morning. :)”
Kids on my bus are immature
You’ll need promo code: BEAAA11 to access the discount when you checkout! Otherwise, it won't work! :)
My sleep playlist is basically and Explosions In The Sky: The playlist
too hot for a-town
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
haha I was wondering the same thing. Plenty of open tables
yes! Long way from reality. Wow.
Up in the gym rockin out to
PARKS & RECREATION. So good. So, so good. Get on your feet. Get up and make it happen.
the city is flooded with #sluts right now..these bitches don't have anything on me ;)
iJst Heard Some Of Yall Stuff. Dat Went Hard. Great Job. Keep It Up.
After seeing bits and pieces of it for years, I finally saw the entire Blues Brothers movie. Great flick!
i hate being insecure :/
Can't wait! RT : 30 days until #BWENY, y'all.
thank you to Monique, Bebe, Eylsa, Lilly, Calico, Sammie, Rhaina, Emerald, & Dre for coming out to Renegade 2 wash bikes for March of Dimes
My plans for the weekend is to get eaten by a bear, because im gonna steal her fucking baby:)Text if you wanna.Comment the pics...
Can't go west anywhere in the city. 270 & 670 down. Overturned semi
Warm as the sun dipped in black...
In MEM late Monday, dinner? or lunch Wed-Fri?
I'm so glad you saw that.
If, as #Protestant #theology teaches: "faith never reflects on itself, but depends completely on #God," what then is the use of #Evangelism?
very nice
#fridaylistens finished Smokin Seventeen by Evanovich & started Caleb's Crossing by Brooks
best damn turkey leg ever :D
Ahahahaha. My guys should re-sing one of our Delilah jingles!!!!
are you single
tonight i'm making a photo album for my two-year-old nephew's bday. :)
Nice! Will have to come see u. Son loves his drums. Tell the others hello from me. And get in touch if they can
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course. Michelangelo
Thank you Robin, we are also very very happy with you!
"Erie go bra" is enjoying #stpaddys day in San Francisco! Have one tonight to celebrate!
Elite Cake is collecting donations to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. Make a $1 donation at the shop to show you "Gave from the Heart"!
Welcome to Twitter ! Life changing...
Mommy leaving me today !
A beautiful day for great person. Hope you have a full day:-)
I fucking hate hypocrites. :/
Art of Fielding is terrific: learning, literature, love, coming of age, practicing perseverence, & baseball!
Looks like it's all systems go for Maryland Day – provided there's no deluge of sewage this year.
Meanwhile the whole stay-at-home mom debate btwn rich/poor is completely irrelevant to women who must work to make ends meet.
"the older we get, the better we used to be."
Ha. Right! Disorganized sports sounds like what my boys are doing before their mother tells them to go outside! :)
Establishing a brand’s visual identity requires strict and consistent implementation. NO EXCEPTIONS!
re. yoga, check www.gentleyogaforstiffbodies.com she's amazing. 75 years old and does a really personalized class.
Tell all the English boys you meet... To go to Murray Hill Saturday night and to bring all their friends!
Money aint everything its the only thing
please follow me??<3
bitch you come back into my life!
I feel you. I'm about to do tge very same thing.
here's my secret - leave your phone headset on all the time and people think you are on a call and they usually just walk away
I burnt my clutch for the first time fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkk
at least there is one decent bar in slc.
Thank you Alexander, I agree. I help police officers survive the stress of their jobs. I think we all have the same problems
Oppa idk what you said but I RTed your tweet.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💦
Hope you had better luck with your paper! I had to call mine a night and will finish it tomorrow. :/
I will be walking the runway at ZERIS INN BANQUETS in Mountain Lakes, NJ tonight at 8-8:30PM. Stop by if you're in town.!
Great production meeting today with I'm so excited and looking forward to the shooting days!
Bo is already on record that he hates the grad transfer rule. Question that referenced Wilson specifically was asked of him
well everytime we try to nagging she wants her to come with us so I wrote her a note that said I was tired of making plans (c)
LM(S)HIT IF YOU AT THE HOUSE.
went outside, can't believe how hot it is... oh well.
Bed has never felt so good. Waking up tomorrow a different person
#iwantyouback I miss you I here it all the time
BELINDA QUICK ROCKS!!
Is it opening day yet? #Let'sgoO's #FtheSawx and
I like making peoples days.
You can do it! Yes you can!
#Applause MT #Nashville Mayor Karl Dean says "we will finally build - not plan, but build" Bellevue
Read Benjamin Bannekers letters of correspondence with Thomas Jefferson.
Spurs swept. Mavericks swept. Both statements read with very different attitudes. Hahaha
MB Ogawa: getting kids to favor Ebsco over Google - tough sell. Tell them Ebsco finds best sources, emails, cites - ebsco loves you!
rT for a chance to #win a $25 grocery gift card & follow for healthy recipes & tips for your family!
Come on down to the Star Spangled Banner Flaghouse for some good ol' ice cream!!! August 1st @ 2pm-5pm...DON"T MISS OUT on all the flavors
Tanning time #lego 👙☀
This changes everything... RT :RT: Is the wise Chinese philosopher's name from MMQB Donna Chang? No.Donna Changstein.
Sis! I'm going to be casting for new #DSix series -- includes a tour & shooting with RT! RT!
i need better pictures, ugh :/
I'm so glad it's Thursday. I've been thinking it's Thursday since Tuesday.
Now is the perfect time to start preparing for your club or after school programs
