I hope you enjoyed your day off?
Someone from the Dept. of Defense visited my site. In other words, blame my essays if someone working on national security fell asleep.
Eat. Drink. Fight. Fuck. Smoke. Regret nothing.
Got a new avatar! Now who mad?!!!!
God morning! I'm pissed I dropped my phone and its acting up smh
America. Best Country. Worst Cheese.
God knows I will try to sweep her off her feet. She's got to want to be swept tho :)
RT At roundtable for japan tsumami. State groups say radiation to alaska is not likely. Also salmon are safe.
Funny that Denverites relishing in Carmelo's playoff FAILS (year/career), &ignore that they embrace Peyton, who is in same boat!
Top 10 #Soccerisms by NASCAR FANS: The Nike Mucurial Vapor - Prewrap-Underarmour sports bra # 14 forward was running great today.
what time is Margarita Monday
looking closer to 10:45, running late! :)
What you put into the process of freeing your mind and life from stress, you will get out of it.
": "I shall think no fearful thought, speak no fearful word, give away no fearful act. I belong to faith." - Yes!
“: its a party its a party its partay” at Greenhill??? No way...
If I could make that call, you would be in! I will certainly pass the request on!
thank you!
would say that class kicked my a**, but that wouldn't be fair to all my other muscles that hurt too.
nice to finally meet in person. is happy to host your #riseaustin session. Have fun!
Thanks for the follow, great images!
Yeah this beat slaps, BITCH
Great videos my brotha. Just caught you on YouTube.
everyone go follow needs some followers..
now we're cooking with peanut oil
No, Nomar actually made good points about how they left out Mulder, Zito et al a lot. Mulder hasn't seen it, but has read it
your website didn't load!
Shot Raul Rekow and John Santos at the Jazz School today. I'll tell you when posted to my site. Poncho next week at Yoshis. Yeah baby
computer, arch...Arch....ARCH!
Even though its not the best, I still am thankful for my life!!
you're beautiful Anthony
First #BridalTrial of the "season" today! So excited. Do you know anyone who's getting #married and in need of a #Makeup Artist?
NyQuil and my pillow is my Saturday night date.
What's worse than your foot falling asleep? When they both do :(
This weekend has been great except for part of today... but oh well I got booze, and got to see my sis and got to see her happy. Yay
Thank you for the follow, I appreciate it very much!
The enemy would love to believe that you actually believe the lies that He has told you. Enough already. Confess God's Word over your life.
Giving you #allsmiles cause of how much respect i have for you
Thanks for the RT Brian. Hope you're doing well!
Thanks for the nice greetings - wishing you a wonderful week!
Thank you to everyone that came out last night to Sambuca in Uptown! We had a great time! Be sure to check out schedule for upcoming shows!
HAPPY birthday, pep pep! Almost the same birthday as my gf <3
So pumped for the weekend! Date night tonight to celebrate the end of Denver Restaurant Week, then watching 50/50
Always protect your reputation, your family and your bank account.
Kids who brag about report cards get annoying , like who gives!? Probably not even your parents
Rutgers&#39; Bias Investigation of Satirical Newspaper is No Laughing ...
i hope he win
not much hanging outt
i have a lunch mtg but will try to pop in! :)
Great turnout for UIC COMM Open House - Thanks to all for coming by!
Hmm no dashes next year please RT : Wow what a hashtag :/
I think more people should text me (:
GSM I assume? And still the shattered screen? :-)
i did so give mii the shoutout and i give u 1 callsDSHOUTOUTFOLLOWERZ
yes indeed. nice work, as always.
Ms. Swinton's little packet she gave us on Friday.
:P ": I look at my best friend and think: why the f*ck do I love this retard?"
needless to say, that commercial drives me nuts too. Hopefully that kid's dad makes enough $ to send her to speech therapy.
is a genius. Truly.
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
In ur dreams
Global consistency must be balanced with local flavor & relevancy. Strong relationships must be managed locally.
A standing ovation for Unsung Hero awardee Velma Parker of Wilkinsburg School District.
I want to marry Zoe Saldana or someone who look like that she so damn fine
if social media is so important, what causes something like friendster or myspace to collapse?
“: Q: What do you think is behind some Americans' fear of Islam? All of my Muslim friends are nice as they DO NOT apply real Islam.
LA traffic sucks
Then let's plan for next Friday or the following!
When Marine Le Pen thanks Israel - Haaretz
No regrets, just
RT : Congratulations to on her induction into the William & Mary athletic hall of fame. I'm very proud of her....
I don't know!!!!! It was so weird omg I turned around to see who said it but no one was there!!! o_o
How to Make Money Online Free and Forever
Just a new networking thingie I'm joining. It's legit.
My sister ends phone calls the exact same way as my mom.
PHAME is honored to welcome back as an Event Sponsor for our June 23-24 production of "Willy Wonka!"
HARRY FREAKING POTTER CAME OUT. going to see it tonight!
R, it's always great to have you around, and thank you again for treating to lunch! I will let you know of other things to come.
This week is your last chance to get a free Carne Adovada Sandwich. Its simple, just mention CA10 when you order.
Always! RT Drinks on you though RT see you tonight!
I hope you realize how much I honestly care.
Happy graduation tomorrow , sorry to miss it
Did you find a pair or five?
Oh weak.
lol you sure did .. Well safe rest of your drive
we im excited suga! how is it up there
Haha, we are looking to add another location further south. Next time you go to the beach, stop by!
Thanks to the for a great steak roast and a fun afternoon. Nice to meet a supreme court justice.
are you creeping??(;
Was up was up twitter Fam
The WCC is WAC.. No worries..
Learned an entire semesters worth of calculus in about an hour today. Yeah.
check out insanity by beachbody, the p90x people. it's a great cardio workout to keep your ass in shape.
Thomas said he was Jody lmao
There is an enormous number of managers who have retired on the job.
Yes, you are profiled with nine others in Chapter 12, "Real-life ZOOMERS" Will send you a signed copy this Fall (Oct-Nov)
Follow please!(: it would mean a lot!!
its too early for this foolishness
how can any Dem Sen complain about redistricting after what happened in the House to the Republicans?
Thinkin' 'bout spring and therefore Spring Training. Baseball days are here again.
great team win! Clutch free throw at the end! Let's prove everyone wrong!
it's about time..... a tweet!
You gots to be real. All the drama showed me that.
Come on MJS - you tweet this 14 secs left in 4th? RT : James' outburst puts Heat up, 60-47, at half
Gotta love getting accosted by the walking into Jeld-Wen. All in good fun.
thanks for the shout out !!
Cut myself with my straight razor at the salon today. First time ever...hopefully the only time
Julia: "Dearest, if you were I, there would be no need to hesitate, because he wouldn't propose."
you caught me...
Sometimes I wish I was normal... But then I remember Normal people are boring.
Prob with #canucks and #sabres is they are both soft, don't have what it takes. Doesn't help that "franchise goalies" are head cases.
Love it! :D
That would be great, thanks for the invite! March would be better. I'll reach out via email once your listing is up. Thx
you are welcome any time :)
I just noticed the ladies at the office have replaced the biggest loser competition with ice cream cones and ice cream upstairs..
Good Morning :)
This might be the best show in the history of KSR!
take a shower cause you smell like a sandwich. Hahaha!!!
"We can make things happen. I mean, this is it. This is real."
o the pretty
it was by accident playa, rest easy. lol wassup with you tho,
Purple Door is on Twitter!
Another reason why I NEVER go east of Flushing
just dm to me!
Sounds like a plan to me, and we must always have a plan...
Tara, heights of serene contemplation
Interaction w Thamara Sanchez this am improved my perception of BofA. Engaged, empowered, individuals count!
Thank you Ms. Tuesday. Hope the proper high class b. card is bringing lots of b!
“: Shaspar” oh this is awkward.. I'm all dressed up and shit...
Go Angels! :)
Only Dumb Niggas check they Facebook from they Chicks computer! It aint that much Love in the World.
At Mystical Ink
Gary in the kick drum come, come
Moving fish's belongings to the newly acquired Fish Tank in uptown #Charlotte! Then bar crawl SICK
who twisting up start a set
...Al Pastor sliced from their vertical spit at Robo Taco (#pdx SE 6th & Morrison)- by far the best Al Pastor I've had in ages...(cont.)
but of course!!! {crazy look}
Just bought so much stuff from ikea that it literally wont fit in my car... Not quite sure how Im gonna get it all home haha
.lick that icing off <3 ;]
Can't wait for #AGT tonight!! , like , is as bad as can, and he knows he's the best!!
one direction is on e news
Seriously cant stop watching the vow
lots of lag in the sense that if I click something flash then something else flash on the same page ill get half of each thing
Welcome "Education of TEA One Sip at a TIME!"
Verizon SUCKS! Why are you sending me this, I HATE VERIZON!!!
Now thats awesome RT : Drunk texting your brother who is a cop about how you beat the system
Annual Tasting and Auction event is a tasty way to assist Cal Poly Pomona programs
and you could moderate from your couch.
IM A DIE HARD FAN LOL
my latest obsession...nutella
Speak with an accent in the US? Who would REALLY like to speak like?
It's fantastic to hear Allison Watson emphasize that marketers are revenue generators! I completely agree!
Okay! i didn't send nothing else thank you 4 doin that tho! Nice lookin
Thanks ....our customers have nothing but good things to say about the quality of our fine art prints. We truly appreciate it!
When is it?
Twitter. RT : Hey when we going to play some golf???
gotcha thank you! your help is appreciated!
wen will u ever follow me :( i love u
Have you heard of the gluten free flour company Authentic Foods? Wow! Great, finely milled, high quality flours. www.AuthenticFoodscom
Anyone have a favorite, quick lunch-type eatery in Boston? If so, let me know!
A shoppable music video?!
Is it a sin to want to help? Story of my life, as well. RT : I have a serious guilt issue associated with saying no.
any word on if Hollywood shooting suspects in custody?
really appreciate it :)
2009 Fidelitas Ciel Red is big and brawny ripe and robust blue and black fruits and big grippy tannins w sweet and spicy oak
I Need You Now, and every night I pray I'll hear you say those words back to me. 🙏
Read and loved Tina Whittle's second mystery DARKER THAN ANY SHADOW, set in Atlanta, focused on competitive poetry slam
Thank God for MLB TV so I can watch this rangers game!
I see how it is
Flight back to LAX delayed about two hours. Mostly LA librarians left in our terminal. Lets get this show on the road, United!
Sen. Liz Krueger says dems changed the process when they were majority to allow minority members to sponsor legislation
Lost in the #WhiteSox offensive struggles is another great start from Jake Peavy. If his arm doesn't explode, he'll have value in July.
Thirsty for a retweet I gotchu RT: ignores his fans<<<<<<
Do you think they're humming to cover up something?
Hey JB can u please follow me! I'm a big brazilian fan & I love u so much! Please make my dream come true! FOLLOW ME
LOL. good to meet you at the show.
remember your permission slip! Also, what kind of redbull do you want?
RT : having not scored or assisted any goals in the league ths season, u can imagine my surprise at not getting that call frm Roy
Every time I work on my time travel YA project, I keep thinking of Dean Pelton's "Time Desk" from #Community and feeling silly.
Is Youkilis' problems an aberration or will they las all season? Will Lind recover as a consistent hitter?
So far my day is getting filled up really quickly....it ain't easy being the best car insurance broker around :P
Sh.t like that
When you really release a feeling-thought into the Universe, the manifestation of that which you are looking forward to comes QUICKER.
Anyone want to play ultimate or disc golf tonight?
Signing off Twitter for the day to avoid any more April Fool heartbreak. I'm uptight and hate pranks.
All tests are based on ejection fraction. 60 is average and healthy. I am 20. So running on 1/3 power.
what is that???
Follow These Hints When Buying Commercial Real Estate ...
Gpin to bed pretty early for a Thursday night!
“I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.”
: infographic incorrectly assumes that Pr(make laugh), Pr(gorgeous), Pr(love geek), Pr(bring joy) are independent.
That awkward moment when you’re passing a car, and you look at the people in the car and they’re staring at you too. o_o
Time for #GameofThrones ....
same here.
If love is a red dress, then dress me in rags.....
wish youd be home right now
Hero or Villain? You Decide: 2/1/1979 Ayatollah Khomeini returns to Iran after an exile of 15 years & constructs fundamentalist Islamic gov.
No Greater Love by Fred Hammond is such a powerful song it Ministers to me every time I hear it.
It wasn't even a band.. It was just a waist of time... I'm done with it. The strength within my ass! I'm not waiting anymore.
Roy Kronk was a big let down . . . for the defense! If only the sheriff's were as attentive as he was.
Readying my iPhone and black bandana for tonight's may day #valenciastreetriots. Do you think they will be dog friendly?
I would but I'm goin Fishin. I'm in Columbus right now. Lol.
Trying to decide which is worse: having a cold all weekend or deciding to watch Deer Hunter this afternoon.
That would be great! Most of the food is Mexican themed so something sweet would be great.
#MANgina RT New study shows men who shave their arms and legs also shave their vagina.
Not thrilled about playing poker with thousands of idiots, or at all for 6 weeks straight but #BraceletHunting is rather exciting!
Happy Birthday, Heather.
Tunnel snakes? They rule.
i just follow ppl at random from milwaukee for a more local connection with twitter ppl and now im loosing followers because of dat wtf
Prediction #2: if the Miami Dolphins can beat the Raiders by 20 surely the Packers can do 40...#greenbaypackers 52-Raiders 10.
be with someone who wont stay mad at you , who cant stand not talking to you , and whos afraid of losing you .
Nice, where are you?
A friend of mine has two major complaints about his car: The motor won't start and the payments won't stop.
2nd half. Steelers down. Totally figures Tebow is rockin' to spoil a 4-0 weekend in picks...good times
Bone headed play by Santana.
There's a song on the radio that says lets get this party started LETS GET THIS PARTY STARTED
PBS planning series on Latinos in U.S.
Ugh I want a cigaret...
That's interesting. I have to wait until my kids are grown (and out of college).
Is this about Stanley Fish?
"Oh Indeed" RT TAKE RISKS, if you win you will be happy, if you Lose, you will be wise
Awareness improves the more you tune into your inner intelligence
Did you get a new iPad for Christmas? Check out Tillie's Time Shop.
Yohannes talks about his agency's emphasis on policy reform which creates tremendous incentives for sustainable results
Kick Booty class starts in 20 minutes!!!!!!
Is someone making tacos or is that me?? 0.0
I wish I could go to Africa week at washu this year!
I want to say some funny stuff on Twitter today but I don't know where to start.
Its been my experience that you don't ask a question you don't really want answered & don't look for evidence you don't wanna find.
Maybe I should clarify: I don't hate Pac, just the way the media portrays him as the innocent lil' lamb.
u r right about that but the healthcare reform should not be repealed because it's a start, It will bring healthcare cost down
Love how talks about how it's not the physical bar that stops us 4rm success, but mental one. Have 2 make choice to get out.
wasnt expecting the Pacer to Beat the Heats
And on the phone I accidentally called the company BCBGB's displaying more street-cred than I actually have!
your welcome :) dont be a stranger! Lol
today was another pick up at Greater Newark Conservancy, i was running a little late but made it there!
hey what's up
any update on the release date of seesmic for honeycomb?
Ive found wine or a good stiff drink solves that!!! RT : Insomnia strikes again. Wonder how long I'll be awake tonight....
You may not love me today, tomorrow, or ever, but I will love you until it kills me, and, even then, you'll be in my heart.
you're in denver and I'm not there? Boo!
. got a redesign today, and we're next. Catch you on the flip side when we're all pretty!
:). keep your passion drive for your work... a Jeopardy whiz? I once was on quiz show to raise $$ for indie film- Comedy LOSER!:(
I love this new song lol straight studio mode most people sleep but I'm up with jwhite and I see the fam is up
The youngest balloon pilot to ever fly solo Bobby Bradley will be speaking @ the Balloon Museum 4/13 @ 10:30am. Come join us!
Chibikart: The Race To Completion | equals zero
Going to have super duper fun tomorrow yay can't wait =)
Rum is a really weird word to see in a sentence if you aren't drinking or thinking about drinking. So I've been told.
Steak. It's what's for breakfast.
we got accepted to for this May! very excited to work with many talented programmers to help us build a physician portal! YES!
It's #TequilaTuesday here at Club-Exotica NE Portland... --->$5 El Jimador (Silver and Gold) ---->Drink Specials until 11:00pm
ohmygosh don't crush my dreams like that!!!! Hahaha ;)
Tell the real story. Were done anyway. May as well give people time to say goodbye.
If you were in the music industry what would be your dream or ideal internship?
Welpp,, I'm gonna watch this movie then go to bed so g'night :)!
I probably rely on #twitter for news more than I should...
Thank you for writing such a great post! Can't wait to see you at
it's a baby raccoon. Pretty random & irrelevant, I know - but it's definitely a conversation starter :)
Happy Friday ! !
You know that I love you but my heart won't travel.
props to you.
“: Chopped 6 way for 25k #isleclassic” boom! Grats man, sick run great toughness!!
We have fused the Picture Caption Game and the Dictionary Game. What have we done.
Weird: stepped out of Lenovo Microsoft CES party at Venetian just as Scott McNealy walked past; is he still on hairball patrol?
Yup all day long gon be stupid drunk o.O
It doesn't matter how old you are if you love that person you love them and nothing can change that. Age is nothing
He aint done mixing em yet...
- Question: I dug some pups from a client's sago. No roots, just "pineapple" bases and young fronds. Will these grow?
Yeah made it back in record time. You guys find your way back ok? If you passed by more than 3 strip clubs u went the wrong way
Man my back is super sore.... Feeling awsome!
Hate to say it, but the Rays deserve it, hats off. #redsoxs. I have a bad case of Adino
very back and ok wait what about later after 6
hey dude
Is your tag really "Live every week like it's Shark Week?" I just got a little tear...
Tim yep baked me a cake of red velvet. He is my FAV!
I'm not a dad yet, but I think if the family started a garden for me, that'd be cool!
Success is when preparation and opportunity meet.
Love it!
Anoka-Hennepin Schools closed today... it's very messy.!
Welcome home!
so yu cheating on me with these Twitter hoes lol
I wish this rain would stop so we can get this racing started!!!! :-(
ok am telling u it sets up a cool earth where anything may happen
If someone asks if they can share your table you probably shouldn't say, "sure I'll just look at my phone"
that's ok! The rest of the family was one car ahead. The little one is too big now for three-to-a-car. We take turns. °o°
Stupid twitter better stop shortening my tweets!
Do not be far from me, for trouble is near and there is no one to help. Psalm 22:11
Considering they started together. Most of them.
What the teacher says: "You may now begin the test." What I hear: "May the odds be forever in your favor."
"We must be willing to let go of the life we planned, so as to have the life that's waiting for us." - E.M. Forster
Haha, nah. I think I'll stick w/ Starbs ;)
I wish they had fries Fries is my favorite food So I might die
You! Are not a very nice old man!
Alert the media. It's a sighting. (Kind of a groundhog thing, it seems?)
MT “: Dancing rain and rainbows and insects with Denise Fleming Cracking up too much to type.” too true!
Andi Miller, Director of Interactive Media from The Commons, following along today!
My first personal in-flight movie: Airplane!
Not sure if I'm trippin balls, but I think I just saw Cookie Monster sun bathing on the beach in a commercial
UR GANNA BE IN FULLERTON ON THURSDAY RIGHT BABE
New place is good. Excited for it to get cool again outside so I can start bundling up with blankets.
everyone wins!
If I was home sweet home, I'd totally get my Mootopia on!
#occupybaltimore should apply to adopt one of those corners (like the McKeldin one) for the lulz.
you sure thats the only stiff thing you need? :P
#ObamaInHistory Not only discovered 7 more states he also found a new earthquake region thru Washington DC called Bush's Fault. RT”
We tried trending for you #AustinTo700K just now. But it's a major fail. We're sorry, :'(
a seminole county deputy told me this weekend that sanford pd was right - he "knows" the background they had no probable cause -he was wrong
me too! One of the reasons I picked it over UTSA. it's nice and quiet. Really? Who is your friend?
Cozart on fire.
checking his business plan and site for a big meeting tomorrow morning. success is inevitable!
Saturday's out as I'm in Baltimore, but Sunday afternoon and evening are fine if you wanna meet then.
Nick, Happy Birthday from Deon (this super-awesome fan)!! :) just preordered #KarminHello as a B-Day gift to you! haha
Waking up with a good feelin' knowing #Spurs are through to the next round. Today is take your broom to work day.
Vegan sausage made w Roasted Red Pepper, jalapeno, Garlic n Pepperjack Daiya cheese today!
Wow..I missed my 83k tweet. :c
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes from yesterday and today :) Love you all!
when it first came out I was excited to see it. But it was so bad we (the audience) laughed at the drama scenes.
Wish I could have. Bit far from San Antonio, TX. Still follow and getting excited!!!
That would be great. Dentists love my work in their offices:-) Can you DM your info? I'll mail somethings to you.
oh. my. GOSH. Your teeth look AMAZING! Hoping your enjoying your pearly whites ;D I got mine off on Valentine's day, hehee :)
Looking in the mirror to make sure my forehead isn't covered with blue highlighting marker. It's not.
SO GLAD IT’S SUMMER
Could u pls. DM me an email address? Would love to send you a local family/travel pitch. I don't PR spam or do 'lists' ;-).
#SPORT tweet lunch tasted X stout marinated egg, fresh made mozz sticks, house made poppers
Great day so far. Slept in, went to the pool, talked business, and just chopped my 1st sng of the day. $275+100, got 1400 profit of $1025.
Lady lions game
damn I was just gonna tweet you about time travel lol
yea the last filler just ended showwd this new side to the rivalary of saskue & naruto that was awesome
Maco ML-3000 and Avery 5160 compatible Label Template with- avery 5160
My day is off to a positive start. started following me. My dude, we've got the same born day, month & year. Peace bro.
We like to keeps things locked to the most readily accessible version. In the case of MiB, we focused on the films.
"Canadians don't have a good sense for sarcasm because we don't have a big Jewish population." ha! #30Rock quotes.
I will buy anything and everything released by
Going for a run, wish me luck!!
Looking for music licensing opportunities...I'd appreciate any info/advice. Thank you in advance :)
can u call me
"Conjugate to the dance floor!" "Don't you mean 'congregate'?"
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well; and doing well whatever you can do.
Works ok if they give u good space to work. I reg'd ppl in CA for 20 yrs. We could set up anywhere (basically) under law. Walmart
Just finished some more edits. I have a couple more that I have to finish up in two weeks. Busy, Busy, Busy
I mean, that too bad. I hope you feel better!
Right? I regretted packing away my coat 2 weeks ago when I was waiting for the bus earlier.
We just got a new couch. It needs pillows.
Had a $7 lunch at Sullivan's thanks to a great coupon
Visit the Bricktown OKC Water Taxi for a FREE ride Thursday - Sunday evenings from 6 - 9:30 p.m. Register to win a variety awesome prizes.
Had a great #Christmas with the family! Glad to be home
People need to keep their mouth shut, especially when they don't know what your talking about.
So Beyonce and Jay-Z really did have a kid? How much time do they have before Brad & Angelina ask to adopt it?
SlutWalk is about spreading the message that NO ONE should be victimized, man or woman. We must stand up for everyone!
Just seen the worst resume in my life bitch had fries and sandwiches as a skill set and languages (plural) English yea yea u hired....lmao
I am so depressed about Davy Jones dying I can hardly stand it. He made me a daydream believer.
I was deeply saddened be the news out of Japan today. When can this wonderful country catch a break. My prayers are with you...Sigma out
Holy shit! Hairs straight! Now I no longer look like satans butthole!
Yes! We are actually right next to you guys. We requested it!
Today, my friend said "I can't tell if he's hipster, or homeless" MLINY
I hate when middle school girls try to get with high school guys.
i sent u the study guide
#NP Smashing Pumpkins – Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness on #Spotify (perfect album for a premature end to football season)
The Laws of attraction are for Real.
Decker is excited about the WR group. Hopes Stokley is added. Says Manning pushes them.
Don't think tv gets much better than #Justified! I cannot wait until next Tuesday.
yeaahh I've been looking for a prom dress (:
even if you have to go to school, at least you got 2 trends :)
Relationship Status: ( ) Single. ( ) In a Relationship. ( ) Married. ( ) Engaged. ( ) Divorced. (X) Waiting for a miracle.
It's just the way it is hard work separated the good from the great
Do we really want this guy and is he good enough to waste a scholly on at UK Matt??
Follow and we will follow back (:
You don't know what you'll do until you're put under pressure/Across 110th Street is a hell of a tester.--BOBBY WOMACK
Realizing how dirty a conversation is going with your friends.
im on'
technically I'm still with them for another week. I'm moving to LA next Monday
We came to win.
:D text me im getting in the shower!
re-tweeted and promoted!
Can a guy leave the country for a few weeks and come home to a decent ballgame... PLEASE!
#Np COMPLICATED! - Rihanna
lots to choose from around here!
RT : thanks so much to all my friends in san diego who rallied together for me last nite at the croces benefit!! I am...
Coming home at night to the power out is such a rare level of darkness. I'm glad the dog is white and follows me everywhere.
I hate not being able to sleep -______- ugh.
Yes, save me one! A medium.
People need to stop complaining about not getting papers in at #chi2010 at the podium
Let the Maverick conspiracy theories begin.
I don't like Kobe but he's a cold nigga for that 3 he jus hit
Best art soiree I've seen!
Yes! To me the iPad isn't available until the 3G model comes out. No wifi only #iPad for me. No GPS in the wifi ver.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
What I think every time I see someone wearing a #NightmareBeforeChristmas shirt: Really? Still?
Going in on my day off! :/
I can't breathe 😥
hm like 4 or 5. I'm not sure if that constitutes as large haha
Why is it that the word "Filipino" is spelled with an "F," when "Philippines" starts with "Ph"? This just strikes me as Phunny - that's all.
And on a side note, I added flax seed to my cereal this am. Next up is ear hair and really long eyebrows. Wait, OH MAN!
on the upside, i've fallen deeply in love with my immersion blender and the smoothies she makes me <3 <3
that's better! Wednesdays are pretty taxing for and I...I think we're gonna dump ANTM for X-Factor
poor judgement? Oh wait is it what I think it is?
thanks. I'm starving!
Yes made it to the finally!!! YES!!! Congrats and kill it next week on the stage !!!
Good Luck!
We hope you enjoyed your stay at Hotel Carlton!
like shut up your life isn't over b/c your friend is mad at you
lol someone else buddy
I find prominent framing of wedding rings during scenes of marriage discord to be dated and distracting...oh just saw another!
: So, how are your adventures with kale going? Ready to eat up some fresh local varieties when they're ready?
Even without risk factors for high blood pressure, drinking green or oolong tea can further reduce risk! An ounce of prevention...
Developer to auction off Lincoln County properties
My lip has a cut on it and it hurts, you guys. 😔
4 of the 6 largest US Banks use for cloud identity management. Come find out why at #RSAC booth 2751.
Happy New Year! Wherever you end up this weekend, just remember: Party on, Wayne.
James what's good man, I know I'm late on this but yeah for real... Artest is a complete idiot. I used to love his defense tho
Dang. Simon Collison just kicked my arse. Fantastic.
The Bieber family is great huh??
It's great, isn't it? RT : RT : Love the #doveinspired message ! Be inspired!
it keeps the crime down n er'thang.....
First time at Honeypie for brunch. The breakfast pork fries are a gamechanger.
The broncos won today and the lobos won last night. So the world ends tomorrow?
indeed they are.
Been at work appox 30 min. Was late. Can't concentrate. Gonna be a long 3 day week
Help buyers see themselves in THEIR new home. Your personal touches and personal colors are not necessarily appealing to others.
quick hurry follow me please 😲 hehe
Wrath is cruel and anger is overwhelming: But who is able to stand before jealousy? Pro. 27:4
My teen son's reading interests are limited to manga. I'm looking for ways to broaden his horizons. Suggestions? (Mary)
this is true lol
I had the same problem with Pinterest. Then finals hit and I abandoned it altogether.
it's almost as nice as that bow tie.
Merry Christmas Eve everybody! Lets go Cowboys!
Beethoven, the original rock star.
- tell Ashleigh i re-tweeted some Adele for her to get sucked into today :)
bring me some food to kmart!
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me three times, you're good. Fool me four times, WOW! Did you major in fooling?
Also: Sinatra's decision to open "In the Wee Small Hours" with the title track is pure genius. An impossibly great song.
JADED went on a store adventure. Now getting ready to watch the new #ItsAlwaysSunnyInPhiladelphia . Gonna be hilarious! YEAH TWITTER~!!!!!11
Hurting like crazy. Don't think I can do it again.
What type of icing do you use on those? They sounds amazing!
Praying for people in Dallas...I don't want to ever know what that feels like.
Today is national coming out day! (This NEMYouth tweeter is proud to be bisexual!!!)
More attendees and exhibitors arriving today. Looking forward to the Conference Opening tonight at 6:00 in the hall!
don't forget the air vents!
i felt so tired until i laid in my bed. now, i'm wide awake. 
ANZ Mortgage-Rate Rise Will Anger Customers, Swan Says - Bloomberg
You didn't create yourself so you cannot tell yourself what you were created for...
So.. My morning started out with a bang!
Going to ze mall for prom shopping
whats been up Envy
When boys introduce you to their family and friends as your girlfriend♥
I feel kind of spoiled now having a washer and drawer in the apt, a gym right downstairs, and a super market across the street
Do we need your friend code?
It's hard to drink a growler of beer by myself
YOU are always so thankful. You already know that nothing should be taken for granted. EVER!!
I have it and love it too <3
"God knows everything about you, and He still approves of you." Thank you for the reminder,
Drake and josh is like the best show on nick
Ha! I'm just figuring out how all of this tweeting business works! I don't understand hash tags and LOL
Sometimes you got to do whats best for you and your life not what everybody else wants you to do.
Ready for the match against Pine Ridge! Determined to lead my team to state.
TtUESDAY'S FEATURED PIE: SOUTHERN STYLED SWEET POTATOE PIE! yUMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Why dudes be lying about there occupations...
I have honesty never been so tired to the point where on in the verge of falling asleep in class💤💤💤💤💤
Destroyed chest today & already at 90g of protein today! #EatToGrow I track it with #FitnessPal on my
I am blasting Tila Tequila. Its about to get sexual in here.
You're on fire! What edition of the thesaurus are you reading?
I played Santa Clause... you just didn't know I was there in costume ;)
Preemptively escaping Chinatown before the flood of fans (& - the lone Bruins fan about to watch Boston lose.)
Hard to overstate the success of #bookless last night. Ringmaster should get a medal!
ha your mom is to funny! :)
can't friend! School, work and a wedding!
Watch "MAD MEN" on AMC this SUNDAY MAY 20th! That is All I am @ liberty to say at this point...I'm just saying...Please watch!
just got an offer from a Japanese Label "2E2L Recordings" ! lets do this ! #worldwide baby !
Black folk died to get the shackles off our wrists and ankles, only for us to willingly put them on our minds.
Just got done taking EOC STAAR.
I finally took the leap from Blackberry to Droid X2 lots to learn yet but so far excited about the change..RIP Blackberry
BBQ in Houston, baby. #
Welp, time for some Chelsea Grin. FUUUUCK SLUTS
Rock on! I'll be listening when I can :-)
thing over and over again but somehow you always find away to ruin it.
and a year later the only thing that's changed is i'm a little taller, little more facial hair, and a tattoo
Congrats to for landing a sweet internal comms job with Dean Foods. Dallas, here you come
Former #hooters girl sitting next to me filling out an application to work at this bar
I had to get my oil changed. I can't decide which is worse: Super Creepy Jiffy Lube guy or being forced to watch Maury.
RT : Polls are now closed in most of Indiana. Let the counting begin.
yea but they're a little dirty..size large
If you have a <3 your awesome!
seen what? DM me..:/
it was way too easy :)
Thought of the Day: In the blink of an eye, your life can end; live well, dream BIG, and make the most of it. We're only here momentarily.
Hey! I'm so sorry, i'm not on twitter these days, I work so much! even on Saturday and Sunday! I'm so busy. But i'll be back soon! :)
please do a cover to "payphone" . k thanks .
It was great talking to legendary swim about his historic 2008 summer.You'll see it soon on Yahoo
how has ur sis been since being diagnosed with sjogrens? I got diagnosed 7 years ago now.
Some best fren u r.... U cld hav died and I wldnt kno.... Doubt u woman wlda tell me -.-.
After all, you put up with my whining about ISPs, Telcos, Hotels, [insert corporate entity here]...
yeah when the course is called "hypertext and literature," some is hypertext but most is really just inspired by hypertext.
Does anyone know whether/where Quine responded to feminist interpretations of his views. (I know he was sexist; that's not what I'm after.)
awww. Don't cry. We will see each other again soon :)
I guess I need to work on my comedy
hahaa U poor thing! J/k worse things could happen ;) Good thing your family let u make ur own decisions.
yeah, happy hour is HUGE, after 9 pm, not much. there's always the 930 club, though i never made it there myself.
much needed after the chaos of last night.
last king snapbacks >>>>>
lol coming up!
i responded to the email
If you dont like to have sex EVERYDAY then stay away from an #aries man like me!
. You had a great season, but if you're a true Dawg, you'll come back 4 another year at & make it right, because today was wrong
IF UR NOT A BRANDON JENNINGS FAN..FUCK U..
#YouKnowYoureLame when your dad got more game than u do in talkin to women
Congrats on 15 years!
lololol Asian Hunger Games
Sweet CeCe's loves Mormons.
u called me one time ? Lol
haha yeah me too, sadly.
Wow cool! RT Fans are chatting "USA" during the #Mets-#Phils game.
good c: I am v.v but I didnt bring a jacket.
Life's a bitch, 'cause if it was a slut, it'd be easy.
How boutt them Spurs ?
You're scaring me too! But It's funny, I can't help but laugh lmao
Bahahhaha, legit. "IT'S GON' SNOW!"
the june 9th reading at the is going to be the best. ever.
Excellent night seeing !!!
All great change in America begins at the dinner table-Ronald Reagan Have a great Monday!
morn Sara.
Penn State "corralling squirrels" ref in session title at #iappsummit analogous to "herding cats"; no offense to faculty, staff, students
Happy birthday Jesus! Thank You for saving me and everyone else that's accepted You into their lives! Merry Christmas!!
Nobody wants anything I've got which is fine because I'm made of everything you're not
Studio Ghibli never ceases to AMAZE! Another masterpiece! Thank God animation like that still exist!
A little brain food for your wknd: TEDxABQ 2012 "Engage Your Passion" will be held 9/8 at the Nat'l Hispanic Cultural Ctr!
He said it! "Hatred is a very underestimated emotion. " - Jim Morrison
"My wife writes for a cheese magazine, we're both big foodies"
Actually use your data! Understand your audience! What a novel idea. (Suddenly I want to go to Muncee, Indiana - )
Sweater ferrets + Zoya (giraffe) + pandacat + my crazy family + great skin care
trust me its rely good stuff. :)
I get to go close deli :/ hopefully Wednesday will be nice!
oh cool. See you there.
Informative status updates from each member at the Fourth #BHLib Institutional Council Meeting
RT : rocking and rolling this morning only 1 more day to enter the Raggs Rockin Kids Search (kids 3-7). Go to www.RaggsContes ...
Hey Corpus! Go to the Ayers Event Center 3433 Ayers Street and buy a chicken BBQ plate with all the fixins for only $6. Delicious!!
live may 26th its going down in IOWA at the val air ball room
If 1D ever opens for Taylor I will purposely be late to the concert.
Abuela taking me to Vegas for the summer<3
Finally got to meet 's in person after only having chatted over the phone about Assembly bills such as AB819
I've actually been waiting for you to say something like that.
Happened upon the #UrbanIditarod in Portland just now. I can't wait to live here.
victims of #sextrafficking deserve to see beautiful things in life not just the dark! Help us help victims of trafficking.Sign up!
Absolutely. For this panel, I'm looking for the best topics to delve into. They have great panelists, SO I want great Qs!
I liked your comment, and did not want to miss another ;-)
watching movies with my birthday boy! I love you Hope I can make the day great for you.
It had to be done. Did you set up a gmail filter?
Still wonder what if DeAndre Jordan over drafting George Hill tho...like i wanted
I can't stop shaking /:
q5) I think since many of us started as SMEs and we have too much work, we should train those who want to learn
Yippee we are headed to the theatre!
And Now Back To The Real World.....
Will do! I'm sure I'll make it out there at least a few times this summer :)
Sam have at the races today!!! good to hear from you.
just finished watching a favorite of mines 40 year old virgin... your funny as shit!! Using my peripherals lmao
Do you know how many carbs, protein, and fat that you get in a usual day?
About to go night running. Got to take advantage of this amazing weather tonight.
I just read it. That's great! Great find!
Makes me laugh each an every time. *THE*... Like there's a King & Queen of this group. LOL!!!
hint: the recipe involves having an Iron Man-running professor (Colin Phillips) approach you with an absurd proposition.
chilling to some Kenny G
#DentalTip: Brush your teeth at least twice a day using a soft-bristled toothbrush and a fluoride toothpaste.
I need to hit the bed soon.
My Parents make me FUCKIN sick, wo wants to take the next action that i have been talking about for a long time??????????????
Hell yeah. Jeff Saturday
Thanks! Come visit me sometime! I'll bag your shit lol
Do you think marketing/PR teams should be split up, so some handle traditional (media pitches)& others handle digi?
Your girl wants me don't blame she said you got no swagg damm shun
so glad you are here. And yes I am tweeting you when we r sitting next to eachother
Kafka in the sunshine.
I was trying to add Home Improvement and couldn't figure how to or to remove it. is clunky! whoops ... just lost 5 points.
dammit, I hate it when she has the night off!!
shoutout to follow her!(:
i couldn't believe it. I was there for a conference but i won't ever stay there again.
Sebastian Telfair is still in the NBA.
#TGIF scheduled a massage for me today over my lunch hour. Such a good husband!
3 weeks: No soda, no chips. I have a pickle, an apple or an orange instead. Also, taking regular walks. Just that: down 12.0 lbs!
other people are saying that it did make it
someone teach me how to play dungeon and dragons please.
Thinking should I spend this summer with Mount Tom?
Hey closes at 6p on a Saturday. When most people can shop. Thanks for making my decision to shop @ target instead so much easier.
I Have The Best Cousin Ever....
RT : Showing plain HTML works on any device. We "break" it when we layer on CSS/JS, especially when we do those before HTML
sorry to hear that. :( Hope it's all for the best though!
Haha, who knows? Only me!
Come out TONIGHT to and get your groove on with Rhythm Method at 7:30 pm!!!
bout time n u better not b playing
"My Humps" - Black Eyed Peas
WATCH MY VIDEO POP IT ON WMAR TV CHANNEL 2 IN BALTIMORE ON KEEPN IT REAL AT 1:35 TONITE!!!
We write about the bad storylines every single day, both on twitter and in the magazine.
See YOU Tuesday! :) You bring the party and I love that!
Ok fuck it I'm Finna go to sleep!
i remember it was spring break and you texted me telling the way you felt about me, thats when we nodiced we loved eachother.
Twitter Rocks!!! Fastest research tool ever.
Freebird's for dinner!
we gotta do some laps!
#TheSaddestPart is that you believe them and not me.
If I wasn't so tired by 8th period, I would have a A in glob connect
I am now a working individual at 7 eleven :D
See yourself in everyone.
It's so pretty out today. Going to the mall with my momma and buying myself shiny things. Yayy. :)
Tempt 99.6 just barely a fever, but I feel like the world is coming to an end!
Ok I'm done with Misla for tonight lol. Jacosha needs to get him
I could use a cup of coffee right now. Aghhh
I thought I saw you while I was walking to Power Up since I saw some of your aquiantences
Today is Workout Wednesday!!!
Glass of wine on Wednesday?
True. And I do! RT : You can watch the Rangers.
Lol.....RT : Somebody said that Instagram just went from a gated community to section 8 😂😂😂😂
Dale Hunter got a standing ovation/applause city upon leaving the bar.
RT : Good morning everyone! Only 2 days away from #HookvsBridgeII let's get it!
please tell me that annoying little twerp doesn't go to London
so wat s funny
Hard work always pays off.
Newt #scprimary win might b victory FOR hate but I prefer to see a victory for "weapons of left" v spineless 1% elitist phony job killer
Thanks for the #FF. Right back at you and have a great weekend.
What do you guys want me to talk about in a vlog thingy?
RT : Will be recording 'Sturzstrom' on Sunday and Monday in Exeter. Exciting!!
It's your responsibility to be familiar with the collection!
Your rental doesn't have the wobbler horn?
- Totally agree.The biggest differences are in physical strength & speed-of-play in the men's game
hang in there & make that #money sweetie! #love ya & call me
me! i love your music. i just love everything to do with music. its one of my passions. i also play guitar (badly) and piano
anything by
Edmonton Filmed Entertainment Fund investing $10mill into qualifying pre-sold projects. Lets make Alberta the next Hollywood North!!
Get over it
no I would love to go though!
#Parents help your kids mature by letting them face disappointments...don't protect them from disappointment.
Still a little bit sick but I have to push through.
I miss seeing your show....when are we gonna see some new tasia ?
I shouldn't drink. Thank you predictive text.
first wedding tomorrow... im nervous >.<
so. I'm on stage in like 30 minutes. You inspire me to be myself while I'm up there... Thanks:)
pretty good but I'm freaking out. How have u been????
Very excited and motivated by my nike fuel band.
Thanks for returning my follow! Enjoy the holiday...
Great night! Senior prom in 5 days! :)
Its true. I love 85 (no homo) - but this is hater week. No endzone for Ocho. WAMW
Weeoooo, CAPS win in OT
Thanks for the RT - looks like you're keeping busy with some great causes & events these days!
Got a Toby Keith song stuck in my head -it's like a lingering stink. Gonna roll the windows down &air this mutha out with some
When they go to the studio guys on the NHL broadcasts and they're all standing, I feel like they have to pee. And then I feel I have to pee.
“: #Aquarius loves using toys.” umm.. this is not okay.
hm. Not more tougher than you though. I totally understand that though. What will you do. You could always relax and
Working at 34,000 feet. This inflight internet stuff is kinda cool.
Depression is no joke!
I'm surprised people here even know what a Mormon is.
will do!
Start the trend right now! Once you get two people to do it, the rest will follow.
should i start working? lol
I'm going to the Drupal preconference & the geocaching session. Are you going to the Welcome Party?
haha uuhhh sister tell me about it. but the guy i'm with lives 30 miles away, so that means hes good (:
Justin Bieber's the bomb!
it's outer areola. no doubt.
i hate this concussion!!!!!
Sing me to sleep. I'm tired.
LOVED it! I was the one who inadvertently yelled, "YAY!" when anal-compulsive was mentioned...
Studying at Tufts with the Minh-ni Niggo. This is what I do when I go to "church".
I ain't tryna love you baby just fuck you instead
how much would you be willing to compensate? Aside from music, we are in the laundry folding business!
man, I wonder to what extent tonight's OKC-MIA game will crush STL-FL.
Sending my first tweet out from my new birthday present - an iPad 2!
that moment when your dad or mom make a Twitter or Facebook account <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
what you got going on?
It's like Punk'd. He's yelling out "Wart cream" "Gonorrhea" "Herpes"
Ooh, that is darling!
i told him he still my idea, ok I yelled at him. Then told him we're using his book
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to sharing and helping to close the gap.
I'd make sure they took off their clown make up and everything before I accept them aha
now that's not a good idea . you won't be sleeping all day in the car tomorrow ...?
#ripvaclav: "Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed." -- Vaclav Havel”
Positivity. At the Downtown Detroit Partnership annual meeting.
I hope to take pictures of the balloons tomorrow if the weather is good.
I hope things get better for ya, A. :)
Got out of class an hour early, thank God!! Stopping by the bank, volunteering at the Humane Society then getting my car washed :)
Let's play catch-up from the weekend...
IM DONE WIT TWITTER THIS SHIT WACK
No problem and congrats. We just crank up the shirt giveaway whenever I get in the mood on the weekends so.. its the weekend!
How do book sellers compete with other habits? Piggyback on another habits cues and rewards.
enjoy husband & wife nite! Lurv you guys
So, I have to say it. Dear Republicans/Tea Partiers/ignorant crazies. France just elected an ACTUAL #Socialist. Obama is NOT one.Get a clue.
mayb later I'm too lazy to be on the computer
Worst acting job by Dr. Dre!
Follow Me Backk?:)
well screw you too.
i like it alot.!!!
#HappyMothersDay to all the mothers of the world....lots of love and happiness today!
Everyday I wake up at like 7am and 5 minutes later it's 5pm.
I would do that, except I really dislike ginger. ;D
Fenna listen 2 music til' I fall asleep. Goodnight . . Z!
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Thanksgiving!
Good morning world!
The speech is longer than the counting of the votes.
LOVE the "B'more awesome at:" theme! Meet in the next few weeks?
I wish I could make my own dubstep
Crazy night!!!!
when they act like yall were nothing....
Denise that is not how the Catholic church works...a parish cannot excommunicate you...only a bishop...
thanks! Planning on coming back, but not sure for what yet.
Well they have been on Twitter, actively asking people who comment here to post on the blog itself.
-"...being happy while still practicing law" I don't have to become a ski instructor or baker now!
Over 1,000 inventions- and how many were successful?
#acui11 Suggested book The whuffie factor by Tara Hunt
I'm proud of my heart: its been played, burned and broken, but it still works
The fact that anyone could compare Girls to any show other than Curb Your Enthusiasm is mind bottling to me. Female Larry David FTW.
I was discussing it in terms of the current hysteria surrounding a 'secret' John Doe investigation. The same one Walker initiated...
so jealous. wtf stacey ditching me again!
-> REALLY?!! Dude...There.Is.Nothing.On.My.Channel. -.-'
Got nail polish on my hand. -.-
"I never knew words could be so confusing," said Milo. "Only when you use a lot to say a little," answered Tock.
Watching my girl in the cab on the way to LaGuardia. Looking good sister! Happy mama day! Xx
When you take a soda out the freezer right on time for that perfect slush>>>>>>>
Yes the BEST RT : youre a leo too??
Jerk chicken for lunch. Mouth on fiyah!
Where are you?
honor of
saw your comment on I've yet to find an occasion where an MTA bus would be useful to me.
Dream like u will live forever; live like you will die tomorrow
Lunch time! Great morning sessions on #Cloud Computing at #Phorum12. Hope you'll stick around today for our afternoon sessions.
thanks for calling me earlier. :(
RIP Christopher Hitchens
good night! :* Sleep tight
thanks man!
Yes, and James Dolan is the 8th plague
heh that's pretty awesome. thanks for "sending"! :)
Maybe 2 messages in these dreams: I make poker too complicated (all the cards) and I'm too paranoid (rules, cheating), prolly about my luck.
why dont you ask Labria? Don't have to prove anything to you .
Hey Man, I like reading your Tweets..Check out who you tweet..etc. come back
#RHOAReunion "If I wanna take care of every muthafucka in here, I CAN!" -Kandi line of the night!
Are you ok?
Have you listened to #Watchme today??
Check my blog! Goin to sleep
Pookin out ur ass doesnt make it look bigger ..
Anyone know a good ab workout?
. I've been very impressed by here at the Kiplinger fellowship. She's quite a resource.
I send ALL of my LOVE to everyone on Twitter. May all of your dreams come true. :-)
i have that very same issue
Im genius welcome emily
you too! Have a good rest of your stay.
HOOD ROAD WHAT A NAME FOR A STREET
Day two without lunch..i'm so hunnnngrry and my stomach is growling so loud! -_-
Get some medical professions involved. Even i know certain items "like poppy seeds" can give FALSE RESULTS. Don't Speculate
I hate my internet. So much.
Ouch. RT : 90% of everything is crud.
So I might have fallen in love with you , your all I can think about , your the only person I wanna be with ever and you make me smile (;
Ditto that - howdy, Jason!!! RT : Is it even possible??? on Twitter?
Aye I can't stand ppl who point out mistake u text or write & they know u know how 2spell LOL I read the 1st like the 2ND one
Rosenbaum in Academically Adrift: students receive "motivational platitudes" rather than info about academic prep from counselors
Ah what a morning!
call me back!!
Won a $3125 seat to the main event
William Shakespeare~ Cry Havoc and let slip the dogs of war.
Sensual movement is one of the easiest ways to release shame&shyness, replaced by bold reveling in pleasure. Do you agree? goo.gl/HaQ2L
just looked at the profile pic. #wth #swag tho. Above average fam
ya I could tell
thanks 4 follow
Don't forget to post information about your business on this FB page to share with others.
If u come to the club n dance n ur dress come up n u dance in ur thong......Its no denyin how much of a hoe you are!!!
"We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude." Cynthia Ozick - Honoring those who serve & who have served!
good seeing u tonight man. I'm sure we'll see each other at the next event.
Holiday Festival of Trains starts FRIDAY! We can't wait to see you. Did you get your tix for Santa Breakfast yet? 410-752-2462 x221
Thanks for the mention... Clients loving the Analytical Platform concept as best way for #Analytics on #BigData!
Blood. Everywhere.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be fish. - Ovid
This is definitely me & !! lol RT : #Aries enjoy volunteering for charities and camps
Last night had delicious pig's foot soup with dandelion greens - amazing what you can create from what other people discard and dismiss!
iPhone battery🔫👎😠
Wondering how my ninja cat locked himself in the bathroom overnight... and basking in the glow of my locksmithing skills to get him out.
Watching #frozenplanet on Discovery HD. Very cool!
t could all be so simple, but you'd rather make it hard, loving you is like a battle, and we both end up with scars
Like I'm STRICTLY hip hop. no pop influences whatsoever, and that's what a lot of em listen to at my school. So it makes sense
“: been feelin all tweets in the past hour or so #goodshit ! (:” right on
thanks so much! We are honored!
Starting Point Apex laugh THIS Sunday... Do NOT miss out on this amazing moment! We want to see 1000 pple there... will you be one of them?
This scribe is either skipping all over the poem or (more likely?) was misbound somewhere in its history and nobody has noticed until now.
currently performing with the orchestra at our donor and subscriber open rehearsal! Next date, May 12th!
Easing back into work and the reality of being a #workingmom this week
how was the show?
I didn't know what the Last three days were!
Dear apartment building, every other apartment complex has hot water, can we got in on that action? Thanks!
love her an hym
Thanks will be serving #Indy's best #craftbeer, including lots of Flat12, which goes perfect with
He's a moron. There is absolutely NO statistical evidence to support his claim. Rapists rape because they are rapists.
wait, what?
Are you fucking kidding me .
Outstanding! Follower #1,000 is !! Thanks to all of our followers for helping us reach this great milestone! www.sazs.com
Just a day away from Madame LaQueer !!! So excited
Hahah i just watched ustream hehe yur mom is so cute hah (: austin is a crack up!! Loved the singing keep it up;)
okay i didnt know you have twitter... follow back sis :)
lol ya it would and true
I really freaking love Austin <3
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO IT'S JUST TOO EASY THEY JUST POP IN MY HEAD
Ready for Bedlam? Stay tuned for our special Bedlam Pizza available next Saturday!
Nationwide is decidedly not on my side.
: its ok just take care of yourself & your mom .sending hugs
right, cool I gotta work on that - So what do you weigh in at these days and what do you bench? You look huge!!
It's not our schools that are broken it is our theory of learning.
move out of life's safe and shallow places and venture forth into the deeps.
I'm ready to hear itRT !!The 3rd single from my international album featuring & comin up this month!!!
Listening to anecdotes of psychedelic use is a soft core porn vison quest
RT Our sister brand Twitter party is going strong! Follow and RT them for your chance to WIN!!
Only 3 hours of sleep and it's hitting me right now!! I need coffee!! 😃
Don't worry guys, I got chips and wine to supplement the cookies this time.
IM UN COLUMBUS,GA
Boy do I love Ritz crackers. #yum <3
That is hilarious... definitely made my day!
Ladies be ladies not hoes and bitches
This might be as good as the Cookie Monster reading. Ellen Reads '50 Shades of Grey': via
okay. Fine. I will.
*staring at the police line up* Officer, I believe the man you seek is Number 3.
sounds like we should be sharing ideas. We're in the beginning stages of a museum-school partnership program.
I am totally down with this no calories counting on your birthday thing! Woot!
Revolution Brewing. Home away from home an it's only down the street!
sup with the hate bruh? You don't think I'm funny? I don't think you're right.
Yeah. Let's end our season with an interception. I mean why not?
Think of the economic boost to the Funyun and brownie industries alone!!
Someone tell me if mikey & montana are really back.
oh really....
Raise your hand if you can't get enough of the 90's #wednesdayrehearsal /yd
Just as I hoped, a copy of 's The Freedom Maze was under the tree for me.
Invest your time wisely, for it will affect your quality of life 5 years from now
Tired of waiting for a spotter www.mygymmateusa.com
same here stayin busy with this music..gotta show the 1st of july......I see you sayin you makin beats now......
As long as you learn/grow, you can't lose.The No-Lose approach to decision-making guarantees all your decisions will be the right decisions!
hey that's not nice it's mothers day buttcheek licker!
EMPTY NET GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!
probably where I got it from
lmao you have a gay side to you..
Shankopotomus on that punt!
don't let her brinq you down. & most importantly, don't show her it hurts you. you are stronqer then you think! xx
2 Minutes left in the Hawks Celtics game
Keep me in mind, somewhere down this road you might get lonely : )
Lets GO #HEAT #TEAMHEAT ..even tho nobody is really playing tonight lol
we are looking forward to making things happen in your killer space!
I am ready to roll!!
For tweets on Matt Gold presentation, Debates in the Digital Humanities, follow
Rickie Fowler won!
Listening to #NPR morning edition at Locke High School in LA, talking about Rodney King 20 years later. #ECET2 Teachers
man that Kentucky uniform is waiting for you.. Playing in front of 24,000 diehard UK fans.. Go Big Blue!!
yeah, but they'll be jealous when you're in flint! Miami ain't got nothin on flint
Well that run was even better than the first one.
S/o to he needs 400 followers he'll follow back and he played in the little league world series
#amen...feeling quite fortunate we didn't hammered by
#iusedtothink that American Idol would be on top forever and that Chris Brown was cute. Awkward...
Orange leaf !
Let's go Lakers. Make it happen!!!
Hey, hey Josh, hey you should tweet more.
Happy Valentine's Day. I'm recommending that you go to dinner somewhere in Harbor East or Little Italy and then Salsa Dancing at Talaras.
you cant even steal 1st against Cliff Lee! The guy is just a freak.
and I are waiting out the rain with our horses under a covered area. I officially hate the rain.
They slide right out, like it's that hard to remove them for a day? They could at least make it a casino regulation to pad them
the box office pulled our black keys tickets yesterday :)
Thanks Patti. So far I'm loving #Ocala and the
That moment when your makeup falls on the bathroom floor and you're not worried about the toe it fell on as long as your blush is intact.
RT : I'd appreciate it if you would take a moment to complete the 5 questions on the BNI Business Index's 3rd Quarter......
Ugh! Peyton Manning being released by the Colts.
ADM Mullen: it took the US 6-7 years to match and exceed the terrorist's speed of war.
Brue Lee said, "To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities."
I wish I could perform at teen hoot! Will you watch my video pretty please!
Ha! (LET's start a hashtag trend. Feel free to #wordstolike anytime! Fun.)
Note to Maroon5: don't attempt Beach Boys harmonies if you are not the Beach Boys.
I'll be working on the doc tonight after a quick Big Data meeting, so you'll see some paragraphs going. :)
I'm doing magical/chocolaty ;) and no,no,no Thank you.
I do that,too! We did a collaborative project with students from another school and used video to share
Follow me....
no doubt bro, DM for more info.
NUMARK RED WAVE HEADPHONES ON SALE $75! GET YOUR TODAY CALL TO PLACE YOUR ORDERS!
Every year, bro 👊 RT : Open up a can of whoop-ass today in honor of Steve Austin. 👍
-- nice photo!
A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future.
are u guys safe?
Thanksgiving is will be here before you know it come get a new look for half the price !
danny duffy is the new sandy koufax apparently, he's a good looking pitcha with a big ahrm
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
Hey guys, help us get more followers by tweeting "follow "! We love you <3
Just saw your CultureMap byline. You're a *freshman* at Emerson? Way to be a boy media magnate.
Live free ~*
Yea I cant argue that.but the real talented guys wanna go places where they can showcase themselves for the NBA. i agree w u tho
Has anybody thought of doing a reality show on food trucks? It's perfect because they're everywhere and they can't possibly last forever.
You dirty is hell.
me too!
#sacscoc Preview, Attend, Review, Study, Assess
Ask me any questions and I answer them personally! Don't make your mind up yet!
Jury duty all day, running intervals tonight... 2 different forms of torture.
Im so freaking excited!! Haha #noshame You should fangirl with me=p
online shopping? Feel free to give us a call 800-343-9826 ------Weve got you covered!
Goodbye Pennsylvania! Road trip PA->NC
new faces in the room! we are building power!
Home and happy with friends and wine. See ya next year,
Okay! I did!
my foot is broken.
speaking of which, you were supposed to come out with me for aqua girl smh
why do you spell it out F.R.I.E.N.D.S. Every time lol that just took so much work
Just watched it again! LOL
I'm drinking rum and red bull...and rum and red bull...
u didn't mention dyoung!: Terrible defense, streaky pitching, bad bullpen, inconsistent offense. Playoffs bound.
Nissan decided 2 name it's new Electric Car the "Light Shaw" cause all the Energy,Production & excitement
Treasury 10-year yields below 2 percent; "Europe is scaring a lot of people again," says head of Treasury trading at Bank of Nova Scotia.
im so #motivated its rediculous
Young guy opens to 1200 good player calls capt Tom makes it 6200 with 14k back opener jams all in. Capt Tom folds ak.
What would Mary Poppins do?
thanks mane. I'm diggin' this PU$$Y C&S you did.
Participant at Conference: Katie McCollough from #Rutgers University
Happy Valentine's Day Everyone!
really? heartburn? is this some sort of cruel joke?
Tweeting on my iPhone. This is hard to type on.
I like that in ya lil mama! Ambition! Girl you going somewhere! Question is, do I want to follow? Slow ya roll...I'm on the scenic route!
America is no place for private soldiers of fortune & private prisons. Corrections is the business of an elected government.
why are you even talking?
Hey, thanks!
Can America invent its way back? What can we learn from the Israeli experience says & Start-Up Nation.
#healthcare claim denials- evidence of fraud or just a picture of a broken system?
Call me Crazy. Eli pulls this game out. Go Ole Miss
sorry my overpriced cell phone kept dropping the call. Love you dad!
RT : I don’t forgive people b/c I'm weak, I forgive them b/c I'm strong & mature enough 2 know ppl make mistakes.
Congrats to the fabulous for scoring her first TV segment for The Cupcake Store!
RT : Sure -- bet they'd fawn all over the idea of tater tots!/Something tells me...not. Luv yr ideas
“: “who ya'll got tomorrow??” I put 20 down to win 130 on louisville and Ohio state” You just gave away $20 my friend
RT ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass *big sean voice* twitpic.com/5hhhvv
We help residents, small business owners, and utilities keep track of their usage, save money, and share with friends.
It's going to be upwards of 60 degrees on Friday. PINA COLADA SMOOTHIES FOR EVERYONE!!!!!
#YouSmellLikeDinner, let's try this again.
pretty good, schools been getting tough though. What about you?
If you look deeper you will see that love and attachment are not the same thing.
Budget cuts or not they still have a business to run. Not hiring people for strategic jobs could cost more in long run.
SF's a city of smart people. I'm convinced the right group could take it private, fix it & turn a profit all while lowering fares.
Hey, anybody know if there's going to be a 3rd "Miss Temple" book from Gordon Dahlquist? Loved the first two...
I speculate Facebook will start to take a back seat this year.
ALL TEENS!! TOMORROW! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! HUGE BLACK LIGHT TEEN PARTY!
The JazzAvenger is at Jazz Standard about to catch Jason Moran's late set.
glad thats over but not glad that I wont b seein ur beaut face every week!ThNx for makin WCC so much better these last2years! I💘U!
lol you are probably right!! Haha
Special thanks to for being VegasLOMA's 300th Twitter follower!
Thanks for the follow, Miles!
Love your message Colt. I grew up in Richardson and Plano now live in Georgia. Best wishes for much success!
Beautiful morning to make the #kettlehill kitchen sparkle for health inspection!!
Ravens vs. Browns @ 1:00 PM. Ravens can clinch playoff spot with win.
Right? especially when u about 2 bust,u gotta wait till that shit starts up again
I miss mustache and mullet Yanni.
"I would die for you"
I love your music and I wish I could meet you in person
I listen to Backspin daily & hear 14 yo Toni making fun of me :-) : Lil 2 Live Crew on the iPod shuffle.
good norning...might?
Oh ok cool. U got Summer school?
Unfortunately so. It happened about a week ago and il just now up and around. Broken ribs suck!!!
The self is not something that one finds it is somthing that one creates.
Clearly a poor design choice chosen to solve a few edge cases.
go back and read my tree frog, bird , bees adventures in this house for a chuckle like the last 10 minutes or so
Awesome! Keep up the good work.. RT : A customer asked "Where do you get all the nice people that work here?"
I was jok ...forget it.
when can we expect the next lineup announcement? i'm so antsy to know what other goodness will be there!
I think twitter is the onle place I can share my real thoughts and opinions with everyone
3 more days till #Vegas! Can't come soon enough for me!
working on new menus for new companie
hahaha, funny you say that, nearly got stuck on the country CD... :-(
Wow, Twitter is so fast. :) Look away for a second and you can miss something..LoL
Son of uhh bitch
thank you so much for coming to tonight - such a pleasure having you in the audience.
They're at my feet, like all bitches should be.
Hahahahahahahaha....oh you guys!!!!!!
Shut the fuck up
Found myself saying "I have TRAINED you to know better" to a child. And it's true. Oh, Lordy. I'm a lecturing parent without being a parent.
Getting ready for work
Thrilled to be rolling out FieldConnect Mobile - cross platform (iOS, Android, Windows) construction scheduling for phones, tablets, desktop
Sometimes I drink.
To all you lake trout people out there on this opening weekend,,,, Good Fishin to Ya!!
Why dont bitches ever tie their shoes?
im outta dis joint!
if it's not Jay Bruce, I'm not interested.
Good news on the funding of my inspirational football feature. It's all being laid out according to HIS plan.
2011.08.31 #Cardinals 8 #Brewers 3 | Give up a grand slam / to the opposing pitcher / recipe for loss
Are you still holding your $AAPL $GOOG $PCLN shorts?
Family Feud question: name something that has white balls - me: me!
I don't know how that happened
And he is the most injury prone guy on the roster.. Uh-oh.
Re-decorating my room✌
Next Saturday May 12th We Rockin @ Lucky's Lounge In Queens NY! 21+ No Cover Charge! Come Get Live In The Mix Wit DJ Sliick!
Judge Judy is on The View right now. I can't control my excitement.
Tweetcaster for ipad keeps shutting down on me. Guess ill move on to another client
Most of my friends are guys because they don't start drama,and they are always there for you..I hate drama!!
Best #Top10 piece of advice from to young athletes: Get out now - there's very little money in sports.
I wish I could say this doesn't happen frequently... That would be a lie. I think my landlord is over my shenanigans.
Although I really needed a nap, I'm thankful I got my laundry done too. Bonus - the dishes are washed and bathroom cleaned.
The best part about classes starting is getting those 10 minutes to and from campus where I get to hear Billy Joel tickle those ivories.
Happy Easter
who did you want to win the voice?
Beggars can’t be choosers, unless they participate on the popular item-selection game show Supermarket Sweep.
Just in: Bonnie and Clyde (1967) and Badlands (1973)
ew! trying to keep that from getting implanted in my brain. Not working.
Sorry to hear you're leaving Cincy, but good reasons to do so. Diversity needs to be promoted, and it's not here. Good Luck!
SUFFER THE PAIN OF DISCIPLINE TODAY so you won't have to suffer the pain of regret tomorrow.
#nowplaying "More Than This" One Direction.... on repeat all day!
Proof we're too tech dependent:OH at polling place:"You have a clothes line? Where on earth did you get it?" Uh.try anywhere they sell rope.
Do you come Finland? COME COME (: everyone says that you don't come here but never say never <3<3
If I didnt have to go to this meeting later My ass would be on the road to the beach :/
that seems like a lot. Haha (: just sitting .
AJ telling someone.... They are
Tim Dye of Sonoma Tech: with air quality, data flow is easy, human factors --community building--is the larger part of the work needed.
I believe Dennis has been talking to them, I was a bit involves in the early stages
Just got to drive a forklift for the first time. Sketchy and fun
I can definitely understand how that happened! Yes, we need to!
Start a dream journal
