Where in Milwaukee can I find bedding that is made in the US? Tried & India, Pakistan, Egypt... don't we grow cotton here?
*hears the editing cave call my name...uh oh, be afraid...very afraid*
We have openings for Math, Chem, and Art teaching positions for the 2012/2013 school year
Listening to The Beach Boys station on pandora today in the salon. Nice way to kick off the week!
Baller Blocking is one of the funniest movies of All-Time!!! The acting in it is so Turrrible!!!!!!
Magic Number = 21
The 90 year old birthday girl is doing the electric slide right now!
Imagine having to jump on a plane just to see your spouse and kids. It's reality for millions, does it work? On Ur Side, Tonight10, TMJ4
Just finished working on a dance track. Bout to send it to my partnah in crime Loving these countermelodies!!
Rock, this would not be a good time to steal you jack ass
Everything went so well today. My curly bun was pumping. My heels were clicking. The MAC was immaculate. would be so proud!
before you judge someone on what they wear, think, will swag pay the bills?
Did the #P90X shoulders and arms workout. Week 1 in the #P90X cycle.
greedy ass lol
Substitute :D
Lhdab same bitch use to write me or call me wen she gttin in to it with somebody but call in me scary -_____-
#TeamNoSleep RIP yo big Bro is not doing well but I got his back and yours WE WILL GET JUSTICE ONE LOVE
CBS 58's 10 is going on later than usual because of bball.Looks like we're on a little after 10:20pm. Heading to live shot!
hope your right! As much as I love The Pack & hate the giants I'm a little nervous! Our D scares the shit outa me
items for u at AoIR reg desk
An adult flea will remain on your pet for the remainder of the flea's life-yuk!
why are you so cute?(:
Fun Fact of the Day: A 1,200-pound horse eats about seven times its own weight each year!
would like to think no one
you're so sweet, Tiana. I can always count on you to brighten my day a little bit. #loveyou (:
Omg...if you're a man and you eat anything soy DIE BITCH
ya'll are awesome, thnx for the shout out!
Liking your own #Facebook Status is like giving yourself a high five in public
Wow..it's been a while tweethearts!! Twitter is different..Either way..here I am..
Glad u asked! We're coming out w/ new Chrome extension in a few weeks. Hope u like it!
And the win again.. this is basebal at it's finest baby
:) weeks, months... the way time flies they feel nearly the same. *wink*
Rafael Nadal draws first blood. Breaks Djokovic. It's 3-2 in the first set and 4:12 AM here in USA. How stupid is the concept of a tweet.
attention twitter, this needs to become a thing: #crowdsourcealarm - remind us when we need to do stuff
Stop staring at me, Miss Advanced Placement.
alternative approach to reducing urban crime would be Jim Brown's successful Amer-I-Can program. Have him on your show.
It’s funny how you can always tell when a boy likes someone else, but you can never tell if he likes you.
yeah I didn't even notice the song titles lol. Have u heard ? Their so fuckin good! Check em out if u haven't
Not yet. Haven't made it to the liquor store. I've thought about it a lot though! Name the day and I will!
Birthday tomorrow :)
Gotta "watch" My nephew for the night... X(
But you do miss me.... Right?!
way to show those , let's keep the memento going boys!
Join @ nychunt.com to participate.
Slip and slide party with football boys ;) with my friend
Username >>>>>>>>>>> Your Existence
There is also a humiliating way.
Congratulations to my cousin and her husband on the birth of their baby girl, Gwenyth Lynn!
we will call u
Is it ever really over ...
Text You of the day...What do you really want to be doing? If someone gave you a million dollars cash - what would you do every day?
The Holiday is very beautiful! Stay Cool! :)
I'm hungry!!!
you music makes my heart smile ! Thank you for all that you do #grateful for
woo. ROCK THAT BOAT GIRL.. HAHA. :)
Hahah! Zach stole my innocence a while ago. But now Cameron is taking every last bit of it away! XD
There are two reasons why people change: First they've learned a lot. Second they've been hurt too much.
"Don't be sitting on your stepping stone" :-)
“: pink friday or the second album ?” pink friday !
Wat goes through a woman's mind that says, "I'm gunna go out in public with curlers in my hair"
Mens health lied. I cuddled 3 girls from behind at #sears today, none of them offered to develop a meaningful emotional connection with me?
And it was even better today yelling at a bar at the top of my lungs, green beer in hand! :-)
I can't believe that Facebook bought Instagram this shit is the precursor to our 2012 presidential election.
hey Niall how are you you probably will never see this but would you follow me it would mean a lot to me am a big fan :)
I enjoy my cup of coffee much more when I can sit and drink it on my balcony. It isn't as nice when spills down my blouse.
Ali is here too so just make sure the gates are shut when u let them out.
seriously so annoyed with people today.
I simply cannot SCREAM this enough... BE CHOOSEY!!! You ALWAYS have a choice. Choice defines who you are!!!! Join our fb page!!
I'm laying here choking to death and you just walked by and laughed.Thanks Beeotch
thanks for the support :)
can I hate you?
see you filthy animals there …
Dude. Think about it....
Sounds like a great app. Can never be organized enough. Will sign up and check it out for sure
BTW, our own was on the local news last night in the audience for the Future of Nursing.
Thank you, xx
Big hair Nice ride High heels Sweet ass Fake nails Red lips Shaking those hips O YOUR SUCH A PRETTY LADDDDYYY
i love my daddy
i'm going to make some brekkie w market bacon, eggs and eat some strawberries. so take THAT! hehe
lol... Did I just hear say - don't think 2 yourself: "I'm gonna tame this bronco!"?
ZUMBA is so hard, but fun ... already sore!
the only thing i'll be stealing in my lifetime is austin's last name.
Attending #WorkConf this Thurs? Stop by the booth & enter to win a free 1-yr subscription to GigaOM Pro.
I need intertainment
So lucky to last night!So awesome!Thanks to Val Mosley, Mr n Mrs Reuben Cannon especially for showing love!!! BackThur w/125!
It seems like Ishikawa has more sacrifice bunt attempts than hits this year
I feel that a lot of rappers in San Antonio try WAY TOO hard and ACT hard and super og. Rap real and be yourself.
If u haven't seen trailer park boys get netflix right now and watch this shit
Carr shared QB duties with Henson and Brady. Agree with your assessment.
Tell you this...Arnold Schwarzenegger did 30 of those suckers.
I'm sure that's the idea.
Must be anticipating extras. Wants to make sure he won't need to take any long breaks from the booth.
these hormones
Stop with the Conflict Of Interest nonsense already. Don't hate the playa, hate the game.
I'm at a Level D show and Rob is fixing something and it makes me think of you! Ticket takers 4 ever
In beautiful Lincoln, NE!
We got 200. Thanks!
Kobe has been great individually, with some bad spots, but he hasn't had the overall impact and numbers of Lebron this year.
I asked a guy what he would do if he had a tail and he said go ssj4. Had to high five him.
UI/UX Front-End Designer/Developer (web). If you're qualified & interested, send your resume & salary requirements to kevin.reese…
The fair is happening. Some have tickets. Some make new festivities. Some cannot pay the fare. But it is fair? I wonder what part to play.
preorders for the shirts end tomorrow! hit us up with an email or DM soon! (:
Thank YOU for your support and for the mention! :)
Make sure you support Plies Goon Affiliated in stores June 8 lets show our support people pass it on
#didyouknow we're celebrating our 120th birthday? Gosh, how can we celebrate?
Maude's image for 'habitat' in representing Mississippi
Hahah, I'm glad you saw it. I knew you would love it!
Do you believe me when I tell you, you the one I'm loving?
The happiest thing in the world when you're broke is finding that last quarter for a dollar
“: The awkward moment when you go for a high five and the other person turns away.” does this to me every time
iget aggravated quick.
We had a great time in Jesus last night & we're looking forward to Him showing up again tonight!
it was an alright night ;) haha don't crash my car!
Just read the #TrayvonMartin, Emmett Till blog post. You need to get the hate speech in the comment section under control. Now.
living fast and dying young...just kidding. I'm at Mount Mary.
1 of my players just quit on the team.......guess who his idol is?....RANDY MOSS!!!!Go figure
She's got you all head over heels, & I can't even make you stumble. <3
He really is. RT :
Woohh!! This saturday party!!!
#ATLiens definitely one of the perfect albums. Like Purple Rain, Dark Side of the Moon, Illmatic. Happy 15th.
I am going to dominate this diet.
You're on. Hey, are you planning to go to the GBCA happy hour on Mon.?
Not in the mood for beer? Head to Galeria's on Broadway for 1/2 price Margaritas all day long! Really thirsty...
Really busy day today! We always appreciate new bookings. Hope everyone is staying warm!!
Jason is pretty cute!
running on 3 hours of sleep. so hyped up though. lets go pens lets go pens lets go pens
I wish pandora understood that people choose the Sufjan station particularly to avoid the likes of Taylor Swift and Ashley Tisdale.
Today the new in Austin TX made my day... Wishing there were plans for a closer one to my house in NW Austin :)
so phil just forgot about me -__-
Obama is in Chicago on Saturday. YOU SHOULD COME.
ah, in the student union on the u of m campus. bet their hours are like 8 to 5. I work for a living, boss ;)
how did u know?
Have you heard the great news? I got a 3 book publishing deal from a wondeful publisher in the UK!! Tell me what goals have accomplished ...
Mother's Day is only a few weeks away! Show Mom the love with a personalized flipbook. Just send us a video clip and we'll do the rest!
I love Andre Santos, you gays!
Qwrap Matt from Washington DC signing out. Thanks 2 everyone from the great chat!
Why do consumers still buy from commission-based retail sites? Find model # & purchase direct from brand. It's called competitive pricing!
um idk... I have to go to that store i was telling u about so maybe.....
I considered it a win if the #Jets could score another point at this point. At the end of the day, it is a split series.
by the way, monster truck rally kid's seats are free :)
#BvBchat Can't wait for the chat today on #edequity @ 10:30 PDT! Who wants to jump in w #feminist social theory or #grassroots perspectives?
car show sat may 22 at 12:00 look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo for details or call 303-999-0785
Good and bad news...I can't stop creating, but it's way past my bedtime!!!!
does buying catfood count as a present?
There was an overwhelming sense of thankfulness at last nights prayer meeting. It was our last night praying on campus at UofL.
Stayed up too late talking to my favorite but I regret nothing.
You got yo self aggravated
i feel like the new directions always save their funnest songs for when they aren't in competitions :(
yesterday in PF we were talking about steroids and talking about the side affects and one of the side effects what boob reduction.
Are you in Los Angeles
Lets get physical, physical! RT : Think I'll dress like Olivia Newton John for my workout today.
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me? 4
Gut-throat competition: Native bacteria fend off invaders, suggesting new way to stop dangerous forms of E. coli From tiny villages in de
Would you mind doing my workout for me as well? Thanks bud.
Why don't people support positive things?
Moo Moo Mooragious times are a hoof at the Cow Palace! Stampede on down here and git your meat and cock-tails on!!Double Points from 8-11
thanks! Happy to be here for the meetings :)
#AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks that with all these natural disasters that there might be a possibility that the world might end??
Why do people request to see vomit on tosh
tomorrow is v-day but sunday could work
Solo movie expedition to see "Shame"
BASHH starts in 30, and we're hard at work getting set up right now, and even if it rains, we'll get you in the door quickly!...
Did you know that Minnie Driver's real name is Amelia? Neither did I until this week. But there it was, right on her credit card!
This year is gonna be amazing, and you could tell Sophie about it
Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcolm Forbes
Same here. Hoping for quick resolution, but safety is my first concern. Hubs listening to a police scanner via his iPhone.
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.Oprah Winfrey
Should Memorial Coliseum be put on the National Register of Historic Places? City wants to tear down coliseum to build triple-A stadium
Met the rents this weekend, why do parents love me
Next week:I am single
Stop on by for some Great Happy Hour items; Lavender Calamari, Gnocchi w/ parsley pesto & Pancetta, too many good things to mention5:30-6:30
Power outage during finals week...
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
I have a compliment coach.
haha kay(; just found out I have a soccer game tonight
Q: Greatest reality TV show? A: Americas Funniest Home Videos. Glad I could clear hat up
#thankgolditsfriday One more breakdown for the Dakota boys please, no soup for them.
#asksarah who is your idol ?? :)
I believe it's pronounce "baby burrito"
Anyone understand why is #100 on SPINS top 100 guitar players? Not hating..but it's kind of weird right?
They are great, despite her mother!
A pioneer and a true artist taken too soon.
Acorn is pretty decent.
Hey!!! Go follow my second account, it's for Directioners thanks!!(:
Omg that felt humiliating
Eat your pancakes faster !!!!!
Both Gold and Crude shorts will be short term trades 1-5 days only. I am quite bullish on them both long term.
are you talking about Caroline's daughter? anyway,,,why did she say she closed her new shop ???
im such a weird person
Don't be sad life goes on its getting to late tomorrow is here.
Good personality, having some intelligence, and some looks and
If Purell is not your thing, some teenagers like to get high from the propellant in whipped cream cans. Teenagers and Demi Moore, that is.
Good Morning. Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself. ~ Elbert Hubbard
Come see Brew City at Summerfest this weekend. We have an 80/20 sale going on! 80 degrees or higher? 20% off!
then don't say anything dumb like he has 5 rings because that speaks for his team, not him who has more MVP's?
Got our read on :-)....Now its off to the park :-)
“: I just bought like 3 neon speedo swimsuits for spring break, with the matching hats. #score #lookinggood”
"Paint Your Wagon" w/ Lee Marvin. Clint lip-synced his tail off in that one.
The terrazzo is coming out & putting in handmade Cedar Bayou bricks to be installed in a herringbone pattern. Pics to come if we get the job
do you follow everyone who follows you?
Have you registered for the 2012 HIBF yet?
Planning for profit or sustained success? There is a difference.
Have fun!
enjoying my day!
So all you need to do to have a reporter like want to talk to you is to sit near ? What a joke.
Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation. Milan Kundera
Don't miss session on Building Mobile Business at 10:30 am at today's
LOVE YOURSELF and if anybody else loves you, take it as a compliment...
you are assuming that fac/staff would be allowed to use own comp on campus network. That's a pretty big security issue in itself
oh okay
Pretty sweet set-up, though my solution was $40. is better audio, but spendy...guess I need to win one!
- Thank you again for all your help! Have fun at #fincon :)
RIP RT : #RIPBIG I know you'll be proud when we get #Weed legalized!
Hopefully my goldfish cracker snack will be enough to keep me up for the late night
Thanks for following, guys!
Interesting Pasts+Futures session. Packed room & heady talks about ubicomp, steampunk, looms, & design reflections.
Desperate Dealings. First Academic and now Budgetext!
Its ok they have drs and nurses standing by
send me a tweet
Flickerz by have arrived in #QuarryLake ! Just grip, flick, and watch these discs fly over 70 ft!
People dying at my age or younger is unacceptable. Come on guys stop showing your mortality. We still have 70 or so years left.
Chains an whips excite me haha ;)
I'm getting kinda sleepy, good night everyone(:
how cool! Care to share?
Patchwork was awesome! thx to everyone who came! for those who got in on the photo op with santa – the pics will be up in the next few days!
Ugh I don't know why I'm so sleepy!!!!!
American's receive an average of 31 prank phone calls in their lifetime
Help us out and come to www.facebook.com/teasatia and vote for your favorite type of tea.
lmao I'm goin too! I dnt wanna miss the next one...if he has one of course!
Pregnant senior on my bus talking about how she smokes weed still.... So sad. Honestly, I don't belong in this generation.
We're just as confused
Finally gave in. Now watching #MadMen. So awesome.
Tenure is about academic freedom but the tenure track is a hazing that trains faculty to be docile thus making tenure potentially irrelevant
Thanks for helping out nonprofits. Would love to get a demo of your platform.
true, it is a fair assessment :)
Happy Friday don't work to hard....
it's only fun that way. haha
Today is MOVING day and I am beyond excited! Just hoping everything goes off without a hitch ...
#aaasmtg Dennis Meredith says everything scientists learn about communicating w lay audiences will help their scholarly careers.
I hate allergies
EP12s, #6 is up.... Ryan Broz and Bryan Jolly are teeing up....Prezi, YouTube...we're seeing a cocoa clip - candy bars and child slavery...
I've been singing the "Bobby said goodbye today" one and Love Stinks...2 very similiar songs
The Lakers, Portland Only has 3% chance of winning today. Takers Lakers ML -150
I only have one ticket. Yup. Pathetic.
more than pieces!The game board AND pieces, not at all worth $28.99. Don't you inspect these things?
SINCE WHEN.
Our cast is complete, were insured and only one Manfrotto short...I think we are almost ready to go!
Happy Easter everyone!!
Google Ordered to Stop Copyright Violations on YouTube - New York Times
there once was a time when i enjoyed driving...
Oh, you like Queen? You must be such a Classic Rock fan.
O, I want a juicer! Which one did you go with?
you are so right and SO LUCKY! Celebrate your mom!
busy live too different life's and is trying to accomplish to different things ima got to stay real in silence under lord motivation
Behind the scenes with Top Chefs! Excited about
This blizzard sucks. I don't think i have enough beer to make it...
Top 5 #toxic #plants for #felines: Lilies, sago palm, tulip/narcissus bulbs, azalea/rhododendron, cyclamen.
Pens in 6, I think the Flyers intangible advantage is they get under the Pens skin & mine, which makes them jagoffs ALWAYS!
rupert just said that he likes moes more than chipotle. I just walked out the door and left
The new episode of iNickelodeonShow will be in 8PM right after the new episode of iCarly on Nick!
Very good day. Looking forward to tomorrow! Thanks to all our followers and supporters!
America, u suck. You are wretched. You are only going to get more wretched. What a shithole to live in. Heathens. -- Love, Fox debate
AWESOME! Anyone else out there use #car2go for work!? RT We use you guys everyday at the office :)
i got you chiick :)
- how bout Bobby V getting booed by the home crowd?
Thanks for the follow!
haha trust me you are :) and haha yea :) & well what do you want to talk about :) ?
listening to reference music in the #platinumsuite at getting ready to balance a few tracks.
I like that plan. I think my director goes to that place and really likes it. I will have to check it out. Have a fun weekend:)
its UNT leading them is nothing, u have to be a national leader like kid at weber st n murray st 14.7 a game 10 rbs not enough
We hope to see u in the fall! RT : thanks for RT. I found a buyer. Looking forward to next season...
Mc Hammer and Gaddafi are trending here? I can only assume both are dead, this may be the best day in the history of mankind
The Notebook. I'm going to tie you to a chair and make you watch it
i just wanna leave already. kelly hurry the fuck up.
I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, natural, wholesome things that money can buy
Just saw the new Call of Duty video game commercial. IMO That's not right.
You're eyes are to die for !!!! Just letting you know(:
I would never turn you down boo!
#ConfessionTime i think Michael Cera is hot...
Did you know, after 1 round of testing, the SEI Academy has already passed as many students this year as they did after 3 rounds last year!
got em from a dude on discogs...ordered one & he sent both! Bonus!!
you bedazzle your face mask and I will bedazzle my wrist brace! We can have a bedazzling party!! Xoxo
are you guys affiliated with Seele at all?
Newest addition to gun safe smithery Andrew VanPelt sells gun safes for Merlo-Patriot Safe Co. www.patriotsafe.com
Do un to Others as you want done to you
Just landed #yyc. Thought itd be colder. Pretty damn excited to see !
It's just the stroller wheel in my face.
Bought my first north face jacket this weekend. Slowly assimilating into portlandia.
it will feel like 5
We'd like to think we are! :)
thanks for the listing for
| there r no regrets in life; only lessons. remember, everything happens 4 a reason. may not know it now, but in due time-u'll get it
Gearing up for Birmingham!! See you at The Nick Saturday night!
not drinking just like
Laura over here talking bout nothing... How she don't use sunscreen... I don't care right now
Djing at club galaxy in maywood, ca next week :D very excited!
Thank You Miley is TT and I think that she deserves it!
Awesome!! RT : : "Perry told the students, “God uses broken people 2 reach a broken world.” What does that even mean?"
I can only hope that someday the movie about my life starts with "this is the story of three wales that saved my life."
Never been to a Red Lobster. Is this a good or bad thing?
Chilling Stuck On This Track But Still Working On My Mixtape Hmu -KaeSmoove
Omg the weiners circle has got to be the funniest show I've seen in a long time
bro ur making me sad with all ur bummer tweets. Wanna talk?
Schwag? Don't you have an official "Traveling Hat of Mr. NuggetHead" hat?
that just sounds awful. Godspeed, my friend.
It is as much a mental injury as physical. He has a road ahead of him but nothing you can't overcome.
This time next week I will be on the beach with my biffle YES!!!!
Summer has arrived EARLY! Need assistance putting together you Summer Drink Menu--Call Great Lakes Distillery and we can come to your aid.
Wow, if you're old enough to be out of touch, I must be ready for the grave. Looks like I'll be shopping for a casket tomorrow.
it grows well around here if you can get it started.
do u plan to upload new pics anytime soon? lol wanting a new screen saver lol (: #AskAndrew <3
#SeniorConfessionHour I've learned more than enough in this past year
NO WAY link me? #MusicalGeek as well.
I feel like hanging my phone out the window and watching it roll away -.- But then again I may never get another phone..
Babysitting 6 kids today :3 fun
I have been in situations when I knew what to do, but it would also effect others
Odd enough, it smells amazing outside
I'm now a huge fan of paul holdengraber
Tom Hanks tux is player.
That's the ticket, #Cubs...get it out of the infield.
Tight muscles? Stretching isn't the only answer. Your muscles are tight for a reason, protection for an instability in another region.
Tonight I (as Pepe) will be hosting the Better Red Than Dead benefit for the Orlando AIDS Walk @ Revolution at 9pm.Come have fun and raise $
also kills traffic and revenue to the original source. Thanks, Zuckerberg.
#ABQ you can check the agenda www.bernco.gov/upload/images/econ_dev/agenda.pdf
Halle enjoyed your post on Water & Lemon Wellness, I totally agree
So because Perry has dealt with the border for years, that makes him legit? I don't think people feel like it's been taken care of.
Live at a Palos Park home where a man and woman were shot yesterday. Police say they are not looking for suspects/community not in danger
dont worry. be happy.
game not ready for leaderboard yet, missing pars or players (zvx-oe)
Heading to Austin in a few weeks. What's good to eat and drink?
i need a laptop again, seriously!
“: who does our remix of Gotye?! I MUST have it... Enlighten me oh music master!” It's the Mike D Remix WW!
This week's howl is a discussion about Post-Show Discussions. A topic I am very passionate about.
I'd follow him!
I call my hair-combing method "The Obama" because I use my left hand to shift my hair to the right.
#AJStream one of the best guests on the show! 45 mins not enough time for such great man.
I don't have an estate. :(
switch me over?:)
Go back to the fucking Lollipop Guild, Altuve.
Congrats to Toby Scriver () who closed a Medical Office Building in Texas!
I recently entered the twittersphere! I love your title.
Can't wait for
...(i.e. koalas) secrete antimicrobial proteins that clean pouches when ready to give birth...
At this AM with attorneys who will be poll workers on May 8. Thanks for your service - and thanks to Gov't section for hosting!
:) lol! RT: watching Chopped makes me giggle
RT : Just overheard a little boy standing on the map in the Take Me There Egypt exhibit say "I'm going to smush Indianapolis!"
R u at the nats game? Come to our table at jewish community day in the family picnic area!
Just got a call from Mohela saying my account was past due and generally wondering what was wrong with me.
why can't OS X Lion use a IP geolocation database to do the same figuring out I assume it's doing using wifi.
I will be there!
*takes a bite of my buttered toast and spits out a hairball* Here...I think this belongs to you!
oh my god i smell brownies
It's great thank you! Off work today
Just saw Yo & Marcum after Marquette gm. Looking ready for ball!
Your a wango tango?
miss you too and am so incredibly proud.
I love the Allstate Mayhem guy
& chillin at the bar at Bamboo. These are the killas in ur neighborhood.
Airport security at IAH on Fri for a flight: 45 mins (ugh). Security @ Houston Hobby this AM w/ 2x the people: 10 mins.
I drove past your house today. I saw you in your yard and my heart skipped a beat because i remember that first kiss under that tree.
Maybe going from seeing him every other day, to seeing him once every month or so again.. /,:
Hate it wen i cant find out a song and its right at the top of my head!!!!!!!!AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH
No way! I announced it days ago. :-) but I might have forgotten to add #phdchat, sorry.
Dont follow those accounts that are selling followers. It gives them Kred and creates more spam.
hahaha :) You're the Best!
Ive never liked a leo. This is a whole new field of study for me. You confuse me. Yes you.
I wanna meet oomfs
what happen?? :(
Saw 'Courageous' tonight with the cast and crew of #AmazingLove it was great go see it!
"I don't sleep cause I'm always up chasing my dreams"
It takes everything I have not to laugh hysterically when a small child farts in the silence of the library.
Havent been there in a while *sigh
"It is common sense to take a method & try it. If it fails, admit it frankly & try another, but above all try something."
I still wanna leave for the summer and stay in the middle of nowhere alone :)
My mind is blown -- I'm just ... I can't even wrap my head around it.
You're becoming that person I USED to know:/ </3
Bumpin 2 get my day started!
I'm light years ahead of my peers
I've changed, and nothing with be the same. Everything is different in my eyes. This time I'm crossing the line.
I don't even feel bad for Demp tonite. He's going to get another ND because of himself tonite. He had the support & coughed it all up.
Im already crying.. This really isn't helping either.
Trying to get reenergized to start back tomorrow!
Upgraded to CyanogenMod 7. Hoping that it's better than 6 in more than just the looks.
LOVE TO SHOP? HOW ABOUT GETTING PAID? YOU LIKE TO WIN GREAT PRIZES? Now imagine being able to have all that in one! That's LUCKeSHOPPER!
Deactivating my Facebook tomorrow. Gotta get in study mode. Be back next Wednesday. Goodbye friends, for now. Text4143012313 if you need me
#Follow my #SocialMediaInTheD peeps
I am intrigued by this "sea urchin committee." corny sea life jokes would be so easy, but I'll keep to myself.
Bloody Bar and Brunch from 11-2 today! Green Beer and Guinness are here too.
Wait...was their science professor in Die Hard?
Botox is the front one. Smooth, like was botoxed.
Book - What's wrong with my vegetable garden -
feel like a cosmotologist
(since i'm graduating today, i won't be able to live-tweet the ceremony but be sure to look for tons of pics later tonight!)
The Grateful Palate can bring Christmas to you this holiday season. Call us about catering your next holiday party 954.467.1998 :)
Follow right now to hear a single from the mixtape that soon to be comming out 700k thankz yall.
I wasn't sure I'd ever be able to run 5K but I did! My inspirations: Tricia Dunn, , , & Thx!
Overt racism w/ a procedural edge suggests need get past division between tech's frontend and backend.
Mother's Day is coming up! What r u getting mom?! How about a FREE Spa treatment?! Tweet a "mom'nme" photo w/ #FS4Moms for ur chance 2 win!
okay thanks
I'll cut it for you!!!
Damn good movie In The Hive.
giving reach around to Joakhim Noah in college can fuck up the best of people.
Last night I had a HUGE dream....and I know it's coming! #DreamIT&thenLiveIT
I like your piercings and there's nothing wrong with getting high! (:
Let go and let God ........good day everyone
I am... “: More rehearsals today...approx. 25 days, 8 hours, 38 minutes until "Blown Away" is out...but who's counting?”
Just landed in ATL for - getting pumped up for tonight's & pre-party - I better see you there!
GUYS.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
Our cards arrived in the mail yesterday. Did the promotion exist a week ago (bad luck) or did I just not see it in time (worse)?
#linsanity hits the beach in 5 minutes. I hope the Knicks kicks some Heat tail.
Trollolololol. Didn't see Marcum get a hit there, and Weeks has a ton of walks.
Celebrating 101 Years of Achievement! Happy Founders Day to All The Brothers of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc. !
RT RT ": There's nothing worse than meeting the perfect person at the wrong time"
Try not do or do not.
My mom's phone is possessed.
That awkward moment when the girls looks different in real life than in her pictures. -___-"
Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 \Clearwater Call NOW......
Listening to #SUNY Alfred's Pres. John Anderson at #MSCHE. I love how Alfred has aligned their Strategic Plan with the Power of SUNY SP
i think you are to something: well, you could always visit Milwaukee. :)
Power outage makes me wish I had an iPad 3 with 4G. Then I could still use net for hours.
Yup. Online. They show it live.
Can't wait to see my baby
crazy. We might end up taking the whole station to NOLA!
Very sad that I did not bring a camera on my run this morning .. Breathe taking views of the beach
RT : Thank you--I hope so as well! Have a great Monday too! *PS, I'm HUGE fan! :) Not in a creepy way or anything tho
I'm not knowledgeable on make-up, just common sense. Bright red lip stick distracts some women from their natural beauty, less is best.
Hot damn. Sign me up for some of that.
Flyers have Zero heart, what a horrible effort from Coburn and Simmonds who had brutal games. Series is over. Simmonds is a bum
Thank you for #RT See you next time were in
How are you building your faith? Is it on the firm foundation of God's word or the things of this world? Only one will last forever.
are back, thighs, and feet. Oh, and probably behind ur ears and back of neck. Not quite sure thou.
At the national EUDL conference in Orlando! Today has been declared official Prevent Alcohol Abuse Day in Orange County!
Rise and Shine! Raise awareness and shine your Light.
#np al green
RT Two things about iOS 5 camera--double tap home button before unlocking & get camera icon. Pinch on the camera view to zoom.
):< nuhuh I rule
keep it up!
Check out the white boots lol
hey Phil. Reach out to us at
My grandparents have the funniest little arguments!
Sound GREAT! Thank you.
Good luck in NYC ! We'll miss you here in Denver.
Having sex before marriage isn't the " only"
I doubt it, would be interesting to know which D1 athletes went to school the most
Again stand-up comedy is making me laugh until it hurts. Funny, adult, positive, truthful, edgy - so talented.
Take a look at meetup.com
I just unintentionally said give me your hand in spanish lol
sup dude
is't that north Academy and what's cheap?
I swear! Right after their set began, they ran off stage and came back 10 mins. later. I remember thinking - that's weird...
After the #awake21 fast, I haven't gone back to caffeinated coffee. PTL for good decaf coffee from Austin-based Ruta Maya!
She aint my friend, she aint my buddy, we just be fucking
Whoa! What excellent news!
RT : I'm a closet exhibitionist. Yeah, I don't know what that means either.>ever thought about coming out of the closet?
RT : 1 in 3 Alliance: Create opportunities for Americans to bounce back!
Kids like immersive video games because they are empowered in a safe environment where mistakes and do overs are actually required to learn
so bored wish i had a car to drive somewhere
For all of your custom website designs and business logos come to us
We love it too!
I wonder if Suzanne Collins has made any response about this issue? Still, people ought to READ first.
What a story these old walls could tell. - American Proverb
Major headache;(
Anyone else run into on campus today? I think he's filming with DNews. I just high-fived him. Kinda made my day :-)
turned 22 in December
Like a tear in the fabric of the universe. Troubling.
my pops is battling cancer.
hey! :D you might not see this but it's worth a try :P
Timmy wants tht 5th ring, Tony wants 2 prove his #MVP #KwahiLeonard shuda been rookie of the year Experience will overcome
VERY COOL! It's amazing how a story goes different ways in different people's minds. I envisioned two people. That was fun.
So is Ty Lawson.
Lucky for Mitt we don't have Great Grandmother Day. He had 5 of them you know. The old man called them #1 #2 #3 #4 and NEXT...
RT : Music is more than making sounds, it's taking the sounds already being made and making sense of them.
its amazing just being in there:), I'm seeing ABDC next weekend so that should be exciting too!
Wow! Is she for hire?
And now we play the waiting (and frantically checking email every second for the next 6-7 weeks) game
Just learned who invented the Internet. No one in the room knew his name.
Fun Fact: If a mosquito is biting you, and you flex that muscle, it will explode.
Wow people at the Florence Kentucky store are so friendly *rolls eyes*
LOLOLOL QUE PASSA? i just read that. cracked up. xD read all those tweets
A mixed bag today. Hope you like!
If you have an iPhone never ever ever turn on voice over.
Columbus has done sort of a number on its working class neighborhoods over the last few decades.
Have a terrific Thursday, my friends! ☆ 〪〭〮〮〫〬 ☞ “The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.”—Flora Whittemore
Why is that?
Technology can help once we have the aims, the partnerships, the structure. Facilitating, not driving.
Closing in on 1100 followers thanks everyone!
THE FOOD I EAT WHEN IM DWN BEEF NOODLES & HOT SAUCE OR BEEF BURRITOS
are you serious??
Ready for one of best weekends in Wisconsin sports history.
Hello friday! Are you glad its the weekend? Lots to do this weekend, going to be a good one!
Last #PCUS panel today on implementing #4profit IT, feat. leaders from Tweet us your Qs!
he warned me about you - I ignored it! LOL
Rocking out the day.
Weekend Special for 3 nights @ Planet Hollywood 9/17/10 through 9/20/10 for $330 Limited time offer book through MVP Can't beat the price
yup all the starters!
Weather was great for 5 mile bike ride to work today.
Is the price dependent how large you want your audience to be?
being interviewed in a few minutes on about this Sunday's show! Can't wait!
got my puretrak signed by mc, mma, moon, and losira? sup son.
Delicious grapes
hahahaha thank you! I'll try! :)
“: Rooting for 's against in game 7 tomorrow!” #lakers who ?? I love my nuggies
I will so be buying that instagram camera!!!!
watching the Red Carpet #worstdressed or #bestdressed? MP will give opinions I'm sure!
u r very pretty!
N' the Lab
Looking forward to seeing this on the big screen :s
thanks for taking that picture for us BTW, Bernie retweeted it to 20,000+!
First good lunch ive had in weeks
Please be a joke, please be a lie.
Aww! Does she know they're extinct and are fake at the museum? I'm always up for the zoo!
There's a different ben stiller movie on like 12 different channels right now.
hey hey hey cousin!!! Looking fabulous as usual. Thanks for following!
Yes, no fear only faith! Blessings!
I'm watching 6x13 of OTH & update All At Once. What to do? What to do?! Hahaha
Sometimes I think that this is all a dream
#whatilove big bear hugs from friends. Not those one arm squeezes
Not sure how u & your family stay thin RT : My sister requested chocolate covered Oreos for Easter. I may have to indulge her.
Ok giveBIGGERs let's make it an even $1.5 million by lunch time! Go #giveBIG!
im gettin on
Any Philly folks have a DSL/wireless service recommendation? has not been able to fix my problem for 2 weeks
hey follow us xoxo
My lovely and quite funny wife is on the Twitter. Follow her, seriously.
It's something you have to try to even comprehend how well it works.
Former Sen. Mark Hatfield, an outspoken critic of war whose liberal views often put him at odds with fellow Republicans, died Sunday.
haha where u at?
Good thing I get paid this week
i can't believe how trashy you've become
I don't think I'll be back on, so goodnight.
Truth in numbers:R u stoked 4me 4real or is this the twitter version of the photocopied love letter?No matter,I heart all things LDM
I'm fine....maintaining
Since u get more joy out of giving joy to others, u should put a good deal of thought into happiness u can give
Women's Business Showcase July 30th 9am - 1pm #Market Creek Plaza on Euclid. Entertainment Games Prizes & much more!
Breaking faces is all I be dooooinn... lets go to work ;#)
Of. Moving the BF into our apartment is going to be a lot of work. Especially since I'm out of shape.
2am summer night
i'm so bummed.. I wish I did go all savage on my fridge/pantry right when I got home. I was so hungry
Nitrous Oxide does a body good..
So many people are unprepared for that oral today
My neighbors probably think I have a dog named "fuck" because that's what I scream every time Artest shoots the ball.
To all my real peeps out there trying to get a job and wanna make they money legit, keep ya head up..stay grinding
I need connects .... Fwm if u bout business fool
Hmm. App store by + Mono/Android by = a truly open mobile platform?
Id rather go blind then watch KOBE RT : Its not Fuck Kobe .... Its FUCK YOU !!!
yea I haven't seen em either. I wanna make a crazy colored pair.
I put fear in them niggas.... ill slap a bitch nigga on site
yeah that's a #classic Everytime I see the movie "The Town" I get pissed bc its basically the same story,
It looks like Fantasia been eating a lot of Collard Greens and Cornbread!!!! Damn she's thick!!!
We're talking about the movie right now in the office.
Me too! RT: I favorite tweets from almost daily. So bummed I can't attend that conference!!
#NowWatching: "My Fair Lady". I've never seen this one before. It's a Audrey Hepburn classic.
I can't believe how not good Smash is
Dubstep tells us just how talentless the internet age has made some musicians. It has taken the place of Auto-tune. It is a gimmick.
Sorry for the delayed response, Hannes -- You are right, is indeed up my alley! Faculty will be interested..
great summer plans for the studio - come and sing!
what great and inspiring work you're doing!
The better of a person you become, the better of a person you'll attract
My teenage mentee and I signed up for an 8-week improv class. TONIGHT is our grand finale show. at the Comedy Spot in Arlington, Va at 8 pm.
Basketball season is here. Make sure you support the HU Basketball teams!
RT : i have three words for you. "simplify, simplify, simplify". or - "simplify fucking everything"
There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day.
You got a belly ring ? did it hurt
Read it slow: LIFEISNOWHERE. What did u read? LIFE IS NO WHERE or LIFE IS NOW HERE? Life is as u read it
I wonder what good 'ole Steve Jeltz is up to these days. Would love to see "where are they now" type column on old #Phillies scrubs
You make me sick to my stomach. Literally
I make hip hop club and R&B bangers,
SHINee are just wailing their way through this performance.
ok let's make a plan! Any chance u would come c #SarahsWar? We could go out after the show!
"I was rapping at eight." - Nich Cannon
“Oh, I wouldn’t mind Hazel Grace. It would be a privilege to have my heart broken by you.” - John Green (The Fault in Ours Stars)
Two cnc routers. One is pretty big and the other is pretty small. We also have a Makerbot.
I am a great Inventor and you are a great Producer we should do something with greatnes.
Facebook blocked me out of my account -.-t
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 8
New profile picture, colors and background!!!
Where are the stats from the cheesy, goatee-laiden, bad-music, hands-in-the-air megachurch that you attend?
Good article..inspired me to make fish tacos (w-frozen fish, homemade roasted salsa, cabbage, white sauce, avocado...)
Shopping in North Star Mall!! Lovely day!!!
Is the design already approved? We typically share pretty often unless we're deep into production.
monster is a great song just like everything else you guys do. I only hope my band gets as big as you guys
I believe ms. barbie coined it
Just made it to Divestock. Brown & Old Chub tasted.
yes! It's very inspirational!
Whoa! Which Ubuntu is that?
I had a dream that appeared to be the future last night....If that's true I'm screwed.lol
jealousy is a killer, glad im not one.
Ha...I spose so. I was wondering if anything would actually happen...
HOT-Lanta! We have quite a few friends out there and can easily say it's one of our favorite cities! :)
Your welcome.
I bet its like a gazillion liters of water. Can't...you have to go work out.
sonic youth. so good right now!
If you love it, maintain it. -Your computer
Theres nothing wrong ladies givin it up on the first night.its how many ppl u give it that night that can become a problem...#sloppy seconds
I might go to California sometime this month but idk when I will only be there to see my Flyers cause I love them and whould not miss a game
“It is a happy talent to know how to play.”- Ralph Waldo Emerson
When you love someone and you feel like you know them like the back of your hand but they dont know you exsist...</3
Ethan said I don't tweet enough!
. Turkey humor is hard to get just right. The worst is when it's too dry. *rimshot*
I was so scared before I went on
roger that sir! Will be heading down to the office shortly!
Damn you Bill Scott for kicking me out of my car this morning, I guess I'll just save my beezy for after school
good so u can help me out today!
#HappyMothersDay to both of you....many hugs ....
Thank you. Will check it out.
yes but now I'm out lol
K. My mom's being annoying. time to hide from her in le shower.
Follow me on #instagram I follow back -
Bucks head coach Scott Skiles hospitalized due to irregular heartbeat before the game in Phoenix tonight.. Jim Boylan will coach
ok! Haha :) I'm pissed because I'm so bored an can't go to sleep!!
haha...i will admit they're good until john invites
hey you never know man.
just 5 minutes with Cam will change your life. That's what it felt like watching the packers game. But I agree he might be special
Hi Tony, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
They look pretty legit to me. You know, aside from the fact that there is only 1 follower. You all deserve more.
"You get the best efforts from others not by lighting a fire beneath them, but by building a fire within."
ha! You're great. Thanks!
so awesome to have met everyone at #SPARC2012! & others!
you are bringing me TacoDeli?!?
#veronicamars i love you!
And a cool bandaid with a disney character on it. Be brave!
"Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are." - August W. Hare
to be honest, it was the one that got away.. westbrook's steal & blake's missed 3. we'll getem
I'm on the cheap virgin mobile plan...got an lg optimus slider. Much improved from my old samsung.
“: If someone constantly makes you unhappy, then you must build up the courage to let that person go...”
My mom said yes I could do my whole hair light brown w. blonde highlights ode hype I love u mom!if someone copys me-___-if I were u I wouldn
Dear Contagion: Thanks for teaching me that the five-second-rule is a lie, just like "Portal" taught me that the cake is a lie.
In class dying of boredom smdh
anything to her.
Not always, many have program backgrounds. RT : A4: ...boards are made up of a bunch of skills-based volunteers.
Leadership is often about shaping a new way of life
THEN I saw the picture. Who woulda thought the 1st thing I EVER type on here would be completely stupid! hahaa
We were supposed to get that changed =( We'll look into that.
PAPA DEL'S SHIPS!?
right now, going through LPTHW, udacity and the google python class exercises
Rain makes everything feel depressing.
Thanks, Big Cat. Hope you're adjusting smoothly to your new digs n Columbia.
Joe will be co-hosting KDWB's Twin Cities Most Wanted in about an hour! Be sure to tune in if you are in the Minneapolis area.
Who was the last Democratic candidate to lose the Iowa Caucus yet win the nomination? What % of the vote did they get?
Ok. Muting this game. Webber consistently talks over points of action that Stockton should be narrating. are ya'll deaf?
Have a lot on my plate today
you're so cute! x) can I haz you ? Lol
Is Casey Anthony the new OJ Simpson?
I think that I have given up on twitter..
Thanks Lori for the RT!
Sleeper blockbuster is Prometheus...could be the sexy 4th seed to take down the all mighty 1seed.
#MyFreshmanYearAtFAMU must of tripped on the set like every other day
Nah, I'm more of a 'walk to places down the street in the afternoon and make a day of it' type. Link is good for exploring :)
What's so wrong with complimenting someone on their chest size!?!
Congrats! RT : 10 in a row! make playoffs for the 10th straight season!
lol I had a piece last year if your talking bout birthday cake... But yea it was good tho
That's funny... "the Queen does it".
its okay its not to bad
A tweet you will never see from me: "Headed to the bathroom real quick."
its not even 10am and i'm already running around like a chicken with it's head cut off. oh mondays
Opposite Month
at ctia fun
TONIGHT - Thursday Night Trend with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
THIS. RT : *YOU'RE *YOU'RE *YOU'RE HOW DID YIU GRADUATE HIGH SCHOOL?!?!?!?!?
fine then...here is what i was trying to say....I was really depressed because i did not know you had a twitter again and
(: I'll be relieved if this is rumor just sayin
Are you kidding me? Micheal Cera is the obvious choice.
#ARealGirlfriend isn't just there to wait on you hand and foot.
Tip: When a Jamaican tells you he'll call right back, he means some time this month.
sorry if i sound like im bragging, im just still high on life from last night(:
I'm having an affair with the snooze button today
well sans the stop sign I promise no baby sitting benhamien.
I HATE AWKWARD SILENCES.
That #YOLO chick looks totally
OMG turn on TMJ--Channel 4 right now...I swear Carol Meekins is wearing the pirate shirt from Seinfeld!! LOL!
Dance early. Goodnight #twitter peeps.
Dogs don't understand white comforters.
Is howard going jazz,COOL!!
lots of love right back-- thanks for watching!
way too excited for concert (((: I hope I meet
same here cigar and wine. Cheers!
I swear there's someone else but I can't think of who. Maybe Pinkitzel?
Yeah, a few more days on this and I'll be able to grate cheese with my midsection.
Can't wait for st.pattys day
I'm in for Tuesday at the very least. Need to check the conf sked for the rest of the week.
I now own every single Octavia Butler book. By the end of the month I'll have read most every word she published.
A plan is developing
super stoked for the black keys tonight!
Me: I really can't staaaaayyy. Bed: But baby, it's cold out side.
they will follow you someday! (: #neversaynever, right? :)
;~) but i look like a jew's butthole so.
Don't really understand how I was able to get out of bed
Apologies for using the #MLA2012 tag instead of #masslib12. Seems as though there were many afloat!
hey! Follow me back :)
#HappyBirthday I have Happy Birthday,me 15
the sun was all out and it was nice when i woke up then i thought about it and said #ImNotFallingForThat Colorado and look what happen
You don't need a person because they said they can help you . Remember you survived until now without them.Don't let anybody manipulate you.
Watching the game lets go pacers!!!
it's prom day
#MyBiggestProblem I always love my girlfriends too deeply, even the ones that actually don't give a shit about me.
if you'll pinky swear that it's
Birthday next week 
Pushed as another Dan Brown-type, SANCTUS by Simon Toyne has some potential as the "buzz thriller of the fall". (Sept 6/Morrow)
I low key kinda want to see the Clippers come back from this deficit and win this game.
Los Angeles :). Its such a beautiful city! What about you?
LSU and Arkansas were games that AU was never in...so I change it too closer to 11-2 ;-)
it was actually good... just fiished watching the media screening. I'm giving it 8 stars out of 10.
of course i remember you!!! I would never forget you! :D
This is wonderful Kella. You are quite the inspiring gal!
that's all you can do!
going well embarrassed to say i haven't run yet but ive gotten 9 hours or more of sleep a night since Sun, maybe 2night, you?
When she was just a girl, she expected the world .
That moment when you get out of work starving 😳.
you are welcome, interesting articles!
its a tough job to crack the whip, but somebodys gotta do it!
same way that I feel about baseball & basketball.
Always give people a second chance and do not ever get a third.
I feel sorry for people who don't drink.When they wake up in the AM that's as good as they're going to feel all day
Can the Brewers play the Cubs every game? ": #Brewers have won 4-of-5 and #Yo was money today. #FeartheBrew"
Apparently Niall is at a Jay-Z concert.
Just sent you a Linkedin msg to see if you are available to present at SIC2012.
#brands how are you going mobile?
OMG what do she has on... She RATCHET !
I love your profile info!
Video. Pretty please.
well then...way to go diss on my boys you fracking hypocrit...p.s. is that how you spell hypocrit rosemary?
We think artists need their music to remain their biggest asset. Not Touring alone!
My dinner tonight consisted solely of a Toffee Coffee Crush Shake from
A little anti-social again today, but really on a roll with work stuff. Feeling good about progress today.
We haven't seen you on campus. What are you doing now that basketball season is over?
I just passed my prospectus defense. Whew. Now the fun part: data collection. Whoohooo!
Excited for Ripley tomorrow night!
I am convinced that Memphis heat sends your body into shock.
aw you are the sweetest; i guess i should clarify: i'd rather talk with ppl via fb or email--twitters overwhelming! email me if
Last night for FrightFarm 2011! Come have some fun & party this #Halloween night w the Live on our main stage! Tickets til 10pm."
there's so much stuff I wish I could've said to him, so many questions...
#volta show stronger than armory. More provocative content. Wow!
sorry no, the quote pages fill my timeline to much
Clearly Priority luggage means nothing to you...still waiting
Did I mention this?: BE POSITIVE TODAY......
holy crap halfpint!! melissa gilbert you are my hero:) i want to be in a chmerkovskiy sandwhich! cross that off your bucket list girl!
#rbs11 demo'd uploading XML metadata (produced by Duke Accessioner) straight into Excel. Takes Windows 7.0. Can you do this on a Mac?
was going to bang my grandma but she told me my dick was too small. guess i'll stick to fruit loops. -eugene
Intel has software to target shoppers with specific ads. I talk with one of the guys that developed the software :30pm on KGW.
might be on for that South Bend Trip
Missing my FedEx package containing my retail therapy...Damn you FedEx...I WANT MY EFFIN CLOTHES!!!
Happy 6 year LA anniversary to mee :)
Adams: The people who getting the benefits and aren't is a story unto itself
Technology has allowed them to be better connected to the world, college access, and more collaboration between teacher and students.
Mark martin?
Damn page fought tough
Happy birthday to one of our favorite tweeps ! Thanks for covering Jewish archives, news and history.
Just shot Gibson gear at Audio Convention at Moscone for Gibson and Eventide an amazing pedalboard company
celebrity sex tape!
Just won an amendment to lower to $1 the WV Turnpike toll for WV residents living along the Turnpike.
yeah...but of didn't seem to work particularly well. ATT otoh has worked very well this season.
can it actually be spring now? I'm sick of this 40s and 50s crap. It should be at least 60!
It's the first day of Spring and it's gorgeous out in NYC! Sneak out of the office and grab a snack from your favorite truck!
Good morning brother!
Let me rewind. I've been watching for Jameer in the time outs all night...
My dad & I named all the Presidents to see how many had been VPs but *didn't* achieve the Pres via the 25th. Answer: 2.
: we can hoop -- what time
Jawohl! I'm talking about cross-cast roles in Rameau & Lully. Mainly men playing 'scary' mythological women: fates, furies, etc.
Yo a super big shout out to Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys, You will be missed by the world! I will be rocking my gazelles for ya!
Alex Poythress throws down a powerful one-handed slam for 64 points.
I would be crying with cuteness and laughter.
“ is right near us." Please do and say hello!” Will do - gotta get out of work in time for HH one of these days.
no words can describe but wow. My favorite is Poned by Christ(:
San Antonio: Patchy drizzle this AM & Tom. AM. Today and Tom. there will be a slight chancefor a shwr. Today: AM drizzle, Cloudy, high 68.
Happy Sunday everyone! What do you all have planned for this week?
Very nice! Haha
I truly loved her but oh god no.megan fucks it up again
& that's what moral hi-ground gets u in Game of Thrones. If GoT=10th C England, then death penalty is not a deterrent.
“: Entering final table as chip leader when will the GO blow up ” did you bring home the bracelet?
good luck this weekend! <3
Highly Upset but at the Same time Turned On Can't believe Cut his hair o.0 wow
Dont let no one stop you from focusing on your money goal today.
I've noticed the big bows as well as floral patterns are making a comeback. I love both!
:) we just adore your style!
'Mauritians happiness is natural': Employment, equality, education, health, anti-corruption, environment, and culture were all polled...
A fanatic is someone who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
congrats Steve! What's the panel?
everything makes me think of TLS. Children, boats, dogs, cats.1
#Relationships are a fucking joke now a days.”
Thank you so much, It will be out very soon. I'm excited about it's release.
oh it is worth a buy! or download! am trying to get my book club to read it soon, great discussion opportunity for book lovers
Wondering why Daunt didn't feel that way about paper books and library lending. Maybe am not smart enough to understand?
hearing some great tips from another #PRpro like your self. Looking to amp up my resume and #PR skills!
not funny. I'm not the sharing type.
Time to plant some signs for spring : If my people PRAY 2 Chron 7:14; Bethlehem Christian Church and Anton Neighbors, please plant and pray
Just interviewed on on our top 5 Mobile Trends in Publishing, listen for it next Monday 2/6 (sorry for the nasal cold)
alright, but to be honest I'm tweeting from my phone so I don't know who you are.
So hard to believe it has been two years already. Happy Anniversary, lady!!
I need to meet you during #ccbw!
Well I guess I'm the only person who didn't watch It's Always Sunny tonight. Boo.
After 3 hours of being relatively awake, I'm ready to sleep again. Being sick sucks.
that was total crap
u really hoein yoself on here dont let me tell twitter that u cant make noodles
Looks like it will be hot the rest of the week I will dress in shorts
Let me know!!!!
Nicks is running a clinic on Fletcher!
dont play wit me, man i was so sleepy
Welcome to #FoodTruckFridayMKE ! Great looking truck, can't wait to see the new additions to the menu next week!
thank god its friday!!!
What Recession? “: haha is anyone in our industry not hiring? Show of hands?”
Trying to check out then off to 4300 Butler for the #LoftParty. Question is #pig, #chicken or both?
I can't
loving #hollywood! #audition :)
whenever family I got u just get back
RT 's Info Tech Ethics students are holding a public poster session today! 2-3 PM, Bolton/Union Breezeway
Found my old PlayStation (PSX) today...couldn't find the component cable I thought I had, just an RF adapter. :( But Ridge Racer, YAY!
you should sing ill be on your next cover . I think your voice would be perfect for it!
having mis-revelations rereading Outliers by my family operates on a low power distance index, communicates as if high pdi.
Is the tragedy of (online) comments a tragedy of the commons? Yes it is, says of
Cleanology Basic Class starts at Rice tomorrow
wats wrong... and amy y do u say meow whenever u tweet
let's make it interesting.... $$$
In order to Be something you must Do something!
u always ask me this question when i tweet u lol, I guess a twitter friend
Quote of the day: measuring and sharing is kind of weriod
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music ? 9
ok let me kno ....and he is good
moving on.
Weather WoW!!
At the Met's new Islamic art wing. Wow! A LOT more visitors here than when it was open 8 yrs ago.
my monday: flat tire on 75, iphone drama, alcatel tour, cashed an old check, gym, apple store...
Also, what is difference between PM and DM? NOTHING.
I totally didn't tweet that last tweet. Face it, I never actually tweet. Except right now, to say I don't. Maybe I should tweet more.
In Speech, I often group this way. More mature students can model soc skills for younger kids. It also empowers older kids.
program or be programmed, they say.
thanks for RT - have a great weekend
It's such a nice day today I'm actually going to get to go for a run in the park
This blackberry though!!
Thank you for following & retweeting the new single!! :)
The length of the penis is three times the length of the thumb
Y this lady keep lookinq at me and lmao I wanna BURST OUT && laugh but I can't they keep looking over here at here at us.
So excited about the Super Bowl!!
I'm pretty sure I need to write a blog about how awesome #SilentHouse was. Great movie!
Brock is so stinkin' cute sometimes (when is not hitting me, of course).
Decision support for clinicians around #mentalhealth ?
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Yucca on a Tues. night, Jim Bachmann had another great set and it was great to play with the...
Dude traveled his ass off
pitching a complete game with 9K's
gonna come see u after Pepe tonight.
- Thanks for the follow - I look forward to your tweets!
#FOLLOW MY BOY
CHECK OUT ONE OF THE HOTTEST NEW SINGLE OF THE YEAR YOUTUBE: J NOTEZ RIDE WITH ME
Gold Strike Casino/Resort, Mississippi, signs marketing and web development contracts starting 2012.
Attack life before it attacks you.
I think I wrote down my address and phone over 8 times in different forms before coming to the doctor. They still had two more forms for me.
I really hate my parents right now. Making me stay home with their psycho selves on a Saturday that is cinco de mayo.
Bitches you cant beat me why bother duh
did the funding bill pass the MN House today, to match the senate? Or is the deal still in limbo?
To all my Atheist and Agnostic friends. T_IF!
1 Week when you are 18 OMG my Baby is all growing up and he is so CUTE!!!
“: A #Gemini has no problem telling you how pissed off they are.” So True :D
fingers crossed for u Perry. Rest & get well is most important. Tough loss but there r more games.
RT:“ Gimme brain and let my d**k peruse your mind #Swave”
How many Americans adhere to a Mediterranean Diet? Also, who develops CVD in 6 years? Usually happens decades later in midlife.
#NoDickRidingBut They Need To #FreeBoosie Mane That Nigga Was retawted in these people Streets I Guess Money Make You Feel Untouchable
I am in states
#NACUA staff is off to the Annual Conference in San Fran! Excited to welcome more than 1,000 #highered attorneys to the city by the bay!
Thanks for watching, it was a tough story to tell. How did the interview go? It would be great to have you along this summer!
absolutely! our greatest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure
Wait...what do you mean it's only Thursday?
I'm seeing every indication that you do *not* want to work there.
it was America's sport in the 1940's and it's boring
you are funny
I don't fuck w/ her kind...
that is bad ass. Looks like a nice room.
ohh , as expected .
Marriage is not just a piece of paper, a marriage certificate does not define a marriage.
that really does suck lol
(cont...) #Swamplandia! If you want to tackle that subject, do it in a way that makes sense to the story, not as a means to be Important.
Mission: find righteous Madison hangouts/hideouts w/ taps & smart broads.
I just saw some fine ass chick and when she smiled at me that bitch look like King Kong knocked her teeth out god dam O____o
Doing some quick shopping and then brunch with K and a day filled with grading. I am feeling fantastic!
Wanna sk8 for lunch but I don't wanna lose my rock star parking spot...
yes that long! lol
Going to Thunder Alley tonight! So excited!
Nights like this I wish I was in love!
Bought my first car... Money well spent
#knoxverdict-- do you care? I do!! I go back and forth on whether she is legit guilty or not, but I'm leaning towards #guilty!
2.5mil women have served in the US armed forces
"Do or do not. There is no try." —Yoda
I've got everything that I need right in front of me. Sorry. Not sorry. I just love her so much ☺
Did you watch??? How was it??
I'm getting in Thursday morning and will be leaving early Wednesday morning. Do you go to sxsw?
booze hound...I like it
that such a good question, and the answer is no. lol
Don't talk to me like that and then expect me not to be a bitch to you.
For the first time?! I went with Tami and Cathy yesterday for the 9,874th time. Isn't it amazing??
great looking setup Stanton! We can't wait to hear this soon!
It's funny how ppl hear wat they wanna hear reinvent n take it personal
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Mike's BBQ Chili and Honey Lamb Marinade 4.92 / 5 Stars | 10 Reviews by DIPAR "This marinade is delicious - even
Working WITH other creatives is better than working FOR other creatives. Consider letting other good folks work with you today.
I'm doing my math homework. Square roots...so confused...
Loved #TheAvengers3D awesome movie-one of the best!!
I cant wait til my birthday(:
"Did you grow up with fish?" -
This song depressing.
Unique, customizable consumable products, with High demand. Products that help people improve their lives. www.healthfacts4all.com
RT It's absurd we let Kim Kardashian get married for money but won't allow homosexual men and women get married for love.
Did you know? The first American army to have African American officers was the confederate Louisiana Native Guards.
RT if you believe the #Brewers shall reign victorious tonight!
... sitting here trying to get my mind out of the economic gutter!
if its beauty or awesomeness am so grace ha
Whoa. Wtf?! “: Police have confirmed Junior Seau committed suicide.”
This bitches gettin nasty ..,
“: "Do me a favor?" "Does it involve me getting up?" "..Yes." "Then no..."” haha this is ur lovely bf response
Who's gonna win Spirit Award best feature tonight? 50/50, Beginners, Drive, Take Shelter, The Artist or Descendants?
I make really good brownies! I'll make you some one day 😊
I experienced live music at the FetFest venue for the first time at Primal Arts last year. Adding a soundtrack totally transformed the vibe.
Having a rough morning? Place your hand over your heart. Feel that? That's called purpose. You're alive for a reason.
Why is today so awesome?!? Oh yea, cause I'm with !!!!!!
Studying bro. I have my Series 6 exam tomorrow pm. Been up since Friday night.
your services/talent are, yep. "You are your brand" is mostly for media personalities, public speakers, entertainers. Etc.
attempting to run a social media contest today is quite frustrating!
My attitude can be a whole lot worse than it is
I wish I had that good money to get my mom something nice.
RIP Dick Clark
Big show at 3pm A.D. Scott Leykam, Gypsy from show "Devil's Ride", and Edwin Moses!
Not quick to open up to many bcuz when I love,, I love hard.!
To diet Coke or not to diet Coke...that is the question.
has THE best giggle ever. Keep him laughing,
My cousin told me to follow & I instantly blocked his ass . Lol awe they do is sit up & talk abt me 😌
He has to or the season is over
I'm deeply conflicted about this.
Chatting with an incredible stylist Challenge friends to #phonestack - first one who picks up phone buys a round.
I totally know what you mean. I feel the same way about French!
Hiking seemed to never end.
You know your haircut is a drastic change when your landlord doesn't let you into the building ;)
I just bought the winning ticket! RT : Mega Millions jackpot hits record $500 million - next drawing is Friday night
You're welcome! :)
But I won't hesitate no more no more it cannot I'm yours 🎶🎶🎶
It's downtown. Called Nolas. Good food & music! Hope all's well with you. Would love to catch up soon!
#GoBears beat Colorado
#first40songsonshuffle 9. Pumped up Kicks - Foster the People. :D
Like a girl gone wild, like a girl gone wild-
#grading. Anna Nalick's "Breathe" on repeat. If you made a grading playlist, what would be on it?
Welcome to Chicago, !
I can't wait to get started!
Anything in the works ? Let me know if you need any wine sponsors for upcoming events.. :)
Kris Jenner book is pretty good!
The Recital's last show tonight in detroit @ majestic cafe! Dont miss the party!
Going to the mall later
:We're on Twitter! Follow us 4 updates on GU's most anticipated social event:
I want it all Back
Many thanks. Safe travels to you, too.
Aspen war eagle moment.
I replied to your tweet saying someone was bad at sex! I was just being stupid
yeah just grinding
Good'Morning (:
Did anyone realize its ash wednesday?
Thinking only gets you so far. And far don't have a right direction.
You Are Crazy!
For real,why does Liam have the least amount of followers? He is always tweeting fans and showing appreciation <3
Hey I hope you win keep it on ": OH MY GOSH PLEASE PLEASE GIVE ME THE 1D TICKETS YOU REALLY DON'T UNDERSTAND"
Thanks for watching the newest episode of iNickelodeonShow!
Kept wondering why I feel like I'm going to die. Then realized: NO COFFEE YET THIS MORNING!
There are few things better than a brand new toothbrush... Or in my case a new battery and new spinbrush top
get yoself an avatar turbo!
well said!
One day it will all make sense..
“: ": No idea how Painter has a job either." I say that yet the game is tied!!” :)
nah bro its good:D
Ur not the boss of me! Lol
A Lean Marketing Revolution's 4 month promo for $ 0.99 cents had ended. The new price is $2.99.A great value for the best marketing know-how
RT : This is good. RT : Colts lost 62-7. If Suck for Luck was run like the BCS that'd be called "style points"
our pleasure
Heart of the Sunrise to Yokoono
have a great opening!
talk about bein bunny boy!!!!
Straight kickin it wit for his earthday!
no way, I would have never known that. #thanks!
I have this disease called unattractive lol
at my work...same place we had Maxs bday!!
White kid rap shows still make me lol
Just heard that the term vegetarian, is an old Indian word meaning
I get to work and find Yahoo toolbars all over the place, even Firefox. I am LIVID. DO NOT ALLOW YOUR DAUGHTER ON PUBLIC SERVICE COMPUTERS!
in the studio right now look like im only goin to do the hook to the song an get my vs done another day
haha i would help, but im at home and not with you!
i should watch scarface
At widespread panic tonight. I don't know if i like hippies that much...
I'm leaving for 8th grade :( bye bye healy n everyone in it
i guess i got my swagger back!
What makes feelings and emotion is something I never know. All my knowledge doesn't get any answer for this.
Getting ready for yummy Italian food, good music, and great company at the NAWP Gala tonight!
“: Rocking the Red again soon baby ! #baltfire” Heck yeah!
My shoes came in for #lux0511 and there Hot!!!! 🔔🎉🎈
#backwheniwasakid i got into a lot of trouble
Good Day .... Now to the Matter @ hand >>>>> <<<<<LIAR LIAR ...... Please step down for your own sake YOU FUCKING SUCK .. WEINER
saw the other bands we will be playing with in kc. couple death metal bands, others we'd want to show trade with.
sick and tired of being sick and tired :(
Kids need expectations. Kids need responsibilities. Don't feel like you have to buffer your kids from the new demands of a home biz.
Low Carb Pizza Recipe: "The Breadless Wonder"
Beautiful, man! Looks like an incredible trip. Been holding off on VSCO, but keep hearing glowing reviews.
A kiss can either break you heart or make you change your mind about everything you ever believed about love <3
I look back at my pass and say fuck you I smile at my future and say thank you
In room 203 #podcampaz #pcaz for the Innovating Wordpress presentation with Eric Myers
i've re-instated services for you. looks like we tried to reach you this afternoon. our billing group is reviewing (cont)
BAD BITCH PARTY TONIGHT DOWN AT THE LOUNGE ITS GOING DOWN IM SPINNING will be performing i better see you there
Wonderful, amazing, tiring bridal shower weekend. Couldn't have asked for more.
I want my hair to grow
#weirdfactsaboutme ; when im at a red light , i always put on my wipers just to see if they are working 😳
If u have to be quite when he answers his phone
