you don't say? I never noticed
Love me. Please.
is it too late to have pizza for breakfast?
Wip it #loving the song
Devil's Arcade
I wanna hang w who ever the person is responsible for rebranding Flo rida. #bootswiththefur rip
RT : Social web takes measurement from Impressions to expressions.
Its my turn
Like always I'm right .
Great question! RT : Maybe can weigh in? RT What should you major in to become a curator?
When a Sunny/Rainy Day Like This Makes Me Feel Relaxed
How about you get off UK's nuts and concentrate on your so called # 1 ranking?
Loved Zone One, but unanswered questions are killing me. Or maybe I'm just dense.
Who thinks the tea party is a product of the RNC? #tcot #redco #copols #lpr2011 Tweet your answer.
PLEASE LIKE OUR PAGE (CLICK ON THUMBS UP ABOVE RIGHT) AND ENTER OUR $100 GIFT CERTIFICATE DRAWING! THANKS!
I need new hot #songwriters to work with
Reminiscing on old class playlists and found a cardio one with "Breakin" on it! Think I will play it in tonight's class!
Colbie Caillat & John Mayer radio on pandora, warm bed, cold room = sleepy Maddie (:
we would love to help you and your clients.
Guess you're not sober yet, call me when you get the chance.
right back atcha!
I signed it for her ok il support her
Follow me !
C'mon, LeBron. You HAVE to make those free throws.
what's tf?
I'm confused?
Individualism is rather like innocence: There must be something unconscious about it. - Louis Kronenberger
Not a walrus/George Kottarras!/Yeah!
Kennywood with jamie! (:
Finally hung out with my dad. Hopefully that will shut him up for while. LMFAO jk I love him :) 👍
yes, luv? Grinning..can't stop..
God guide me now more then ever !
that's what's good bruh stay on it.. Keep working...
about 1/5th of teenagers are "remixers" - taking content from the digital space and altering it.
Pretty bummed, our friends just ended their engagement. I think the guy is losing it, he gave her a wedding ring for xmas.
where are you mayor?
I actually think Twitter is more promising for higher ed than facebook.
Weekly TV show Shin Do Kumate' Strykerz fighting skills and me founder and Fighter. www.shindokumate.com.
Definitely! If u need a good recommendation, is there a FA support group in yr area? Usually they know good dr.
said it was must see!
roger that ryan! it just might
I've heard the name, but still have no idea what that show is.
What will tomorrow hold don't know just grateful I got to see another day good night y'all stay blessed
We are reading submissions like the wind. Can't wait to see the Fall 2012 Issue! Have you read the Spring 2012 yet? It's SO good.
And will only be a restricted free agent w/ uncapped year in 2010. Why? He was still under contract. RT
Jerk jerk jerk i hate u
Yes I am also running #FontanaHalf and
"Sometimes you have to go through things and not around them"
Just as long as you're not Asian.
#marchmadness one of best days of the year today! to all my Americans, enjoy some #beer and #basketball for me. in Europe: no #NCAA on TV
Follow to learn more about COF's campus recruiting events & job opportunities throughout the country
everything scana be okay
Oops... #MTSU being aggressive on inbounds pass hits the ball before thrown in. Tech Foul. #Gophers hit 2 FT's 76-72
Shelton Johnson with a tackle in run support. Jeff Lewis getting No. 2 RB reps.
happy birthday. I love you more then you will ever know. ❤
#RIP Amy Winehouse!! You were very talented and really missunderstood!! But you had the voice of a god!! :)
Somthing just went down ;i'am so smart
Nope, that was some poor bastard at who happened to be at Applebees. That was done by 3 different women...
Plan B tonight?
Did I miss it? LolRT : Meant to say abstinence lol
I love dragon roll, eel and squid
nope I promised I would leave this time :-)
hey there! Sure , I like to get out now n then when im in Dallas:)
RIP Adam from the Beastie Boys!!! Sad day for hip hop/music/and b-boys out there
UHM I THINK MY STITCHES JUST FELL OUT OH MY GOD.
we'd party hard man
2 my new twitter frnd if u hve not alrdy done so check out my page www.reverbnation.com/jewallep Listen to my # 1 single LOVE PROOF
[+] Am aware that market retn on fund moves w inflation est (infl + x%), but that isn't fund's only source of $$. City/empl payments indep.
I'm not a follower,I have like minded people that I deal with,and we are comrades n struggle
Planted 5 more cucumber plants today to fuel 's pickling madness.
I know bro. But, you're lucky. You can just leave whenever you want though.
Hey, let's support cancer research by buying a lot of a drink that's been known to cause cancer!
Movie in history
In related news, 87% of Facebook users ARE curse words.
ARE YOU HIGH?
this three day school week is going by way too slow. but i feel bad for , she gets out the day before christmas eve
Thanks. I'm a new writer wanting to be published, not sure what the first step is.. any advice?
My brother n law just said he's #TeamMiddleSkinned LMAO!
You inspire me !
I hope you feel better!
you don't have a league championship to your name. Congrats on 17 yrs of futility.
Imagine: Ur ln the bed with Mikey and he screams "BABY GIMME MORREE!"
not sure if you check this but i'm totally single white femaling you today. sorry.
Waterproof iPhone Case Allows You to Take Pictures, Videos 20 Feet Underwater
moving out of my apartment and living in two counties BI-COunty
Great clip! Gladiator is my favorite movie.
R.I.P to that #MERCY track.. I'm killin this shit!! I wana drop this ASAP on you niggas!!!
lol I have that shirt😃
shit just mixing down music. What's good by you?
what's ur official email ... I got a song I want you to check it out
Plane elevators
tY kind Friend :) You are better than a shooting star whistlin dixie ;)
Poor daddy's sick :(
Called it at halftime... The Gators shot ungodly In the first half.. Knew Louisville was gunna win better team.
Tryin ta think of a master plan .
We're going to start. We promise!
Fantastic Mixer with actors and other professionals last night! Had a FANTASTIC workshop with a group of Producers!!!! One step at a time!
My cousin is graduating tonight..:/
You know how you could say some really mean things to people..but you don't..because it just wouldn't be fair..
Funny #PittsburghMarathon post from Maureen M "I ran the entire marathon because someone told me there was coffee and cigarettes at the end"
Need some work out inspiration? Try dance classes,rowing, swimming, and yoga in the park!
lly (without counting y) -
LOL Thanks for the outside perspective. I was just looking out my window grateful that it was gray, hoping it would be cooler today
Thank you for allowing the voices of #AfghanWomen to be heard.
Near post clinics every week!! Stay on the line!!!
I'm a songwriter & my publisher sent a song I wrote called SPECIAL CHILDREN 2 ur company, I also sent it 2 Susie,have u heard it yet??
hahaa how'd I know if anybody would say something about that tweet it'd be you -___-
Chalmers is terrible...
thank you, have a safe weekend...
Happy Birthday !!!!!! Your so amazing and I have been listening to your songs all day:D love ya!
getting my devices ready to report on the up coming football season
RT : SB: Georgia Southern evens the score with a bases-loaded walk in the top of the second. 1-1 heading to the bottom half.
Creating my summer salon specials. What services/products would you like to see on the list?
“: not sure....but if I were him, I'd be about 17 deep on day 1”.
thank you too
Do you know how to get rid of neck pains? Necks pillows can greatly help!
the rumors tru... but unless im fucking u... its none of ur business!!!!!
Bouncy soul! Haha! Love that. But I guess your followers are NOT actual children though on-site audiences include them.
Was just listening to McCartney's new record...when will he stop being so good?
Also Time Enough At Last w/ Burgess Meredith & the one about the fortune telling machine in the diner &, &, & (all good)
#ifUwasntSoUglyIdPutMyDickInYoFace Best trend EVER
Yess!!! I wanna wear them everywhere lol but I haven't worn them at all yet RT : : the ones I saw?
i have the orthodontist now. =/
my husband does the same so as it turns out I get smarter...I end up knowing trivial facts
I really hope he's concerned about those poor job creators... ::sigh::
thankks(: ..Are you doing more?
OSAA Class 4A semifinals set for next week: Marist at Ontario; Phoenix at Baker.
I did that when I lived in home park. The fire department was not pleased with me...
Tweet me #'s and I'll tell you which IB you look best with :)
Like the front-load idea. Also keeping track of unanswered questions throughout year.
need more details on doing this at home please!
Give me Liberty, or give me Death! ~ Patrick Henry
My hotel room wasn't ready. I was offered a free cocktail in the trendy lounge. This should make my run in central park interesting.
En route to LaSalle Power Company to host Club KISS tonight. Cab driver has on.
SEALS, Marines and Real-Life Secret Agents Use To Keep In Peak Shape!
Sweet video of DC jazz patriarch Paul Carr, talkin' jazz / MT : Founder of the Jazz Academy of Music talks wp.me/p1Iyzv-5MO
I get it now hahaha 😂
I don't feel good AT ALL !
RT Follow and Retweet for a chance to #WIN a $100 Amazon Gift Card!
I run 2 U when my heart is weak I cling 2 U, yr all I seek It's my heart's desire 2 B close 2 U hre in yr arms I'll find my strength
waiting for football season is like waiting for......football season.baseball is fine but 2 many games to see and basketball is not football
denim destroyed... street fighter attire...
Very exciting! Welcome to Houston in advance! Let us know if we can help you switch your utilities. :)
Thesis idea #1: African Americans in animation...
I did not Kel, but that is ok!! I have been really lucky so far and I can't complain!! Have a great time!!!! <3
also curates a show !
Love to LoOVeee ya ;)
im glad you tweeted that. it was a home run to take the lead and couldnt take his hand out of his pants?
I can't wait!
You're very welcome! ^SZ
I prefer cold weather over hot and humid!!!!
No matter how old you are, when a little kid gives you a Toy Phone and says its for you, You answer that shit.
they have a casino there...
My head is bruuuuuuuuuiised. Ouch
i live in northridge
No, the former. The album doesn't hold up for me anymore.
Happy opening!
I'm tired
Thanks to and the MHC book group for the warm welcome in Campbell. Fun to discuss Magpies & the writing life.
Yes, sounds like the positives for you outweigh the potential concerns & the 1 day thing would also mitigate it.
Codeathons rapidly accelerate development time, reduce costs, and give more varied solutions to a single problem.
If you want to contact me through www.unyg.com I can help you promote your DAR chapter on Twitter.
Thanks for following us , , , and !! Have a great week ahead!
So how's the worldd ?
Beat Duke day.
Mary Jane & Jordans !
what is the name of the app or whatever that you have as your comp screen saver?
I'm not a democrat but its always nice 2 say Happy Birthday 2 the President of the Unites States. Happy Birthday Mr. President!
thank u :D
Sometimes I'd just like to change
In Ithaca, NY for our premiere screening of Scavenger Hunt at the Finger Lakes Environmental Film Festival!
ok the spring ?
Getting an iPhone -- what apps should I download? Any favorites?
love the structure of the new head to head game. Well done - consider doing weekly bracket style tournaments
marathon lines, pushy crowds, inaccurate maps, failing french, "ferme mardi" and fogged over. thank goodness for chocolate croissants.
Movie nights:}
Slumber party for the kids tonight, I love being an auntie. ♥
Soo, when do I get to meet the lovely ? =-) Sending my love from New York.
I'm good bruh
If this kid poops his pants one more time, that's it I'm out of here.. 3 times is enough.
Just be real.
hold this :-)
hey Elk, what's the code word for saying hi to you at a tournament practice round so you know we are from twitter?
The one that gave me head can suck the nail out a casket....LMAO!...damnn! ~Wayne lyrics...
so it was you! Liarr
Welcome in! Happy Birthday, and happy #whitesox win--always a treat to have you here.
#BELIEVE AND THE BOYFRIEND VIDEO IN A MONTH SPAN? OMB (,: <3
Catch my mixes tonight on 1035 kiss fm Chicago!
You weren't just a star to me, you were the whole damn sky.
the internet is so fukin slow!
I've been saying this since i was 8. #BrianMcKnight is singing at my wedding. idc if he's 100. i need him at my wedding lol
Please disregard our previous tweet about tomorrow's performance. We'll be starting at our normal 8:00 time with doors open at 7:30.
Ahh, okay. You have a long, well-written road ahead of you.
So tired ;(
I only know the blue. prob. knows the red as well. I'd completely lose in a contest between us.
Thanks Tim!! Happy Friday and Have a good weekend!
North Park Festival of the Arts has something for every member of the family. Art & crafts for the kids, music & beer for the parents!...
Ugh. Why am I not there right now.
Send Me Numbers And I Will Rate Your Icon And Username.!(:
My nose bleed is back! Mother fucker!
Touchdown Vikings!! Teeeeheeee!! Go, Vikes!!! Now don't let the Girls do another come-from-behind...
I'm really happy with my life with <3 he is the one person who still is there through everything & accepts me for who I genuinely am
I feel so much better 2day... my grandma is doing much better... she might not b the best grandma bt shes my grandma
I'm just gonna be myself, because life's too short to be anyone else.
that's y im goin tomorrow
Things I'm not looking forward to: Driving to Indiana after work. Hasn't someone invented a teleportation device yet?
Still haven't been able to make it to a #SportingKC reserve game...
who actually likes school for working ? ew.
Ladies Night at Cardinal Bernardine School tonight in Orland Park, IL!!! Come and get your holiday shopping done!!!
Ladies night? I'll happily set you and your ladies up for a complimentary bottle of champagne tonight! Just RT or Message us :)
joe!!! much love to you, sir :)
Stefan's face at the end omg. I'm still sobbing. This is not cool. How can a show do this to me, asdfghjkl, I need mental help.
Sounds good! We'll roll out the red carpet for you- just let us know when to expect you! And love the new logo btw.
that's great! I'd go for that lol
Thanks for a GREAT start to the fantasy season for our team!
is a MOOCH
When life is sweet say thank you and celebrate it. When life is bitter say thank you and Grow from it...#GrowUp#
Harry style ♥.♥
I read them, Zach. Don't be so down on yourself.
Holy toledo it's going to be 90 here in Portland Ore this weekend I can be half naked and not freeze my nips off. Love it.
Damn Memphis
Tomorrow may be the last full day of high school but it isn't over til we walk across that stage and get our diploma.
Rockin the new office, interviewing interns and prepping for a big announcement. We are busy!! PS has a reading Tues @ EST
Come in out of the rain -- coffee is on -- dogs will be hot soon -- Donald brought in some awesome smoked cornish game hen to sample -- yumm
He Really Think I Would Cry Over Him Lmao YOUR NOT ERIC SIMMONS!
Hoping to hit a few Brewers games this year. Openly admitting I enjoy them but haven't been in years. Time to fix that.
Best story better so sad and romantic! "Stupid, Crazy Love."
Links Between Smoking During Pregnancy And Autism
hey I'm good. I apologize for the late response. How u?
Whoops lost one Someone doesn't like me anymore only 207 "LIKES" now! :(
I wish you knew how I really feel about all this...
he dead
I didn't watch this twerk video when y'all were RTing it this weekend. I'm watching it now. Smh.
dude he said free but I was like we can pay 3 bucks and we can smoke with him all day haha
YES! YES! YES! RT : South Park Season 16 Debuts March 14th on Comedy Central
did somebody already do an S l review? If not I'd love to get my hands on it.
Except the day you got married of course.
Your first twenty minutes of the day can determine how your day is going to be. (Go to daryldorsey.com to get off to a better morning)
He's getting hacked :)
At the beachh (:
but if you cant decide then buy 2 and ill keep the one you dont like lol
if you don't work you don't get paid. Hope you have enough stashed away to last.
I am so bored. I hate finishing my work so fucking early.
Broncos have agreed to try to trade Cutler. This separation is full of emotions. They should call on a domestic attorney for this one!
My grading pile is like Gremlins. Think I must have fed after midnight or spilled water on these papers.
What a productive day!!! That 5 am alarm clock is starting to get to me though ...
Apparently, when I wake up tomorrow, it will be May.
I burped a fruity pebbles burp and it tasted like my birthday
I have friends visiting from out of town. Anyone know of any good shows (other than the Magnetic Fields) tonight? Thanks!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Pizzeria Due - Pizza (live updates)
crowdsources their vetting of project proposals via their top teachers. at
I'm finally getting some people converted to saying hello. Next up? Maybe they won't cross the street to avoid me. ;)
trust me songs get you more than that cup of coffee will if you got it playin at the crib <wink><wink>
#NP (in my head) The Inpector Gadget theme song...
after 5 years my gf and I have finally found a show we both enjoy! with her saying "I really wanna hang out with them".
always a pleasure, my friend.
Talk about a shootout, I love it.
Life is Sweet event at Silo Point tonight @ 6:30. Good food for a good cause, I hope you can make it!
My leg fell asleep -_-
Went twitter makes you stop! Does it ever? RT : How many tweets per day is too many?
I've been really busy Full-time job, grad school and keeping a happy girl
those aren't rally towels; they're actually snot rags
Reminds me of Maria Fornes writing that she dusts every corner and sharpens every pencil before putting down a word of a play.
YW! Good night!
YES. People who live here never ever ever call it "Frisco" or "San Fran." It's like referring to Chicago as "Chi-Town."
diet coke.
The Eagles am no good. Fire Andy Reid.
So eagerly does my heart wait for you. ~ Gabrielle Bossis
What gets measured and rewarded gets done.
it's kind of ironic when you get a 404 on a website for a QA tool
Is the enemy of my enemy a friend or enemy?
The world can end whenever as long as im holding hands with you *_*
Thank U!!
Olivia needs to step it up a notch!
#SomeWhereOutThere is the most beautiful woman with the most amazing cooking skills but she has a voice like Barry White
follow back :)
Okay so I woke up about an hour & a half ago to the sounds of the man in the apartment above us trying to go Super Saiyan
mega millions now at 476,000,000. if I win gram gram is getting that new hip
Tonight was fun as fuck. Damn. I can't wait till next Thursday. Lol ^_^
I hate it when I start to think :'( </3
Ok, but I'm taking the typewriters with me.
On a Light rail
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Wet Sand by the chili peppers.....the end solo
I <3 RT : Tomorrow is No Mascara Day: visiting and 2 of their partners Lotus House & Casa Valentina.
With all due respect to Eli, I thought Justin Tuck should've been in the MVP conversation.
I love you Matt Hunter <3
Really looking forward to the this month! I'm doing a QuickStart pres - Road Map for Your Career Development
Are we gonna hear any new music soon? I'm so excited for new music from you guys <33
Like Shrimp Tacos? tune in to SINGLE CHEF on Monday June 7th! I'll be doing my take on this tasty Summer classic! www.theroomlive.com
I'm looking at door 20 parked three rows to the left. White beetle
we did too RT “: Pretty sure I just got scam spam..."your debt card has a pending alert, please dial # and follow prompts to resolve"
Felon 31 / Trench Clothing has released the first of the fall line.
#Romney waits until noon to announce the sunrise
Gonna help the sister and her band with some writing tonight!
+ — Absolutely sick, stunning work for the site. Classy and well executed.
RIP Fred Thompson
Congratulations to sister Dominique Dawes and the 2000 US gymnastics team for winning the bronze medal ...10 years later
Got a call fr the mom of a former student who has been expected into a summer program @ Harvard. Touched she called. Proud of her daughter!
Santa Clara County VTA Board Meeting tomorrow May 3, 5;30 County Supervisors Chambers. Hot topic Service Reductions.
Girls pay very close attention to the way you treat your mother.
I get that it may be an alternative to raising taxes or reducing services, but it's a regressive model compared to income tax...
Thanks for the RT! I just wrote that! Do you like it?
Yes it is!...ur profile pic is also AMAZING! ;)
Da Future will be performing with Partners-N-Crime on Wednesday at Fred's Bar in Tigerland! See you there!
Well I hope people get their money back,if you have read any of my articles you will know that I believe the fixwasin.checkmytweets
war horse was a great movie
Ok bet,Just sent some stuff ova
Support Back to Life. Support life.
So who's coming to #SUBWAY for lunch? If you're not feeling a sub we've got pizza & salads too! I'm going w/ a Veggie 6" today.
Wish I had some special talent. I don't. 😨
Good morning.
alright -- getting back in the twitter saddle. a tiny bird, with a tiny little saddle.
lmao nah you aint ! Im over here practicing my accent
where is the vaseline and blow up dolls?
Can these next 2 and half weeks until exams just go by without me wanted to pull out my hair?
Tools Programmer - North West If you can demonstrate please get in touch. Passion and aptitude for timely delivery of effective tools and…
www.crowdclick.com is offering 61% off a photo book from Pixable - check out how easy it is to make one at www.pixable.com!
Something about marry she gone off that
Happy Birthday (a little late). Say hello to Steve for me!
im with ryan
Dont waste your time being his Option when you could be someone else's Priority. -Deanna
You trying to make me cry man, or?
Cheaper phone from Apple should be a negative for the stock. Market has got this one wrong. AAPL should decline...
Maybe I missed something over the line, but I appreciate when you put people on the defense over their dumb ideas.
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you'll never, ever have enough. -Oprah
Is any one else really bad at coming up with some titles? Gah we suck at it!
Congratulations to the Florida Panthers for making the playoffs. #Panthers lost 4-2 and continued their slid but Sabres loss clinched it.
If they ain't gonna ride for you then they shouldn't be riding with you.
is the only artist I've been listening to for the past 2 months. June 20th can't come soon enough.
I WANT A BOYFRIEND. 😂🔫
how dare you mom!
#teamKARON is gonna happen
Is Miller okay. He was trampled by the IU coaches and players.
He didn't I swear I just found out by lookin at the tweets
Yes please! Email me? tony at nwc.co
conference Barcelona May 2012 first confirmed keynote , Head of Mobile Strategy @ Smithsonian Institution.
"So let me get this straight, cancels #HowToMakeItInAmerica but RENEWS #GameOfThrones? WTF?!" - Said by some guy somewhere.
Great!!! you can start by being a back-up lol
On a Childish Gambino fetish. Let's make it official.
hey babes. I'm good. How's things at home man? Your daughter must be a proper young woman now boi. Lol
RT : safe travels, amanda --- and everyone --- as we depart later today. it's been a great experience.
Being cold is better than being hot ⛄☀
What did you buy?
You might as well just cross over, Right wing Douche Baggery is where the$$ is,
At Coldplay tonight. Nothing clears your mind like a few hours of amazing music. Ready to be inspired.
it all comes down to #execution I found #Sixers being resilient, therefore prolong the series will be better for Philly
My stomach hurt so fuckinggggggg bad right now
EFFING BORED! need to do something
hahahah well.. he's a loser if he isnt following you!
I wish exams came with a "50/50" and a "phone a friend" option.
BEST PLAY: Clybourne Park,Other Desert Cities,Peter and the Starcatcher, Venus in Fur
Im thinkin kansas will take it
Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion.
y? check DM
TECH FOR UR DAD. TOM NIGHT.
no gay marrgie nasty
Yep! it's the same challenge Man VS Food took on!
sure thing! any events planned?
You're welcome! :)
STOP going to bed then doc!!! LOL j/k love u!! <3
“: When you truly love someone you don't judge them by their past, you accept it and leave it there.”
ROGER GUENVEUR SMITH-IN HONOR OF JEAN-MICHEL BASQUIAT with an intimate solo performance on what would have been the artist's 50th birthday
Long week slinging drinks. Last night until my weekend starts. Here's hoping for a smooth shift 2nite.
RT has a show coming up TONIGHT at 08:30 PM @ Red Eyed Fly in the ATX!! See ya there!
whats good i just got custed out by this girl saying im texting her too much she crazy!
congrats! & good luck moving forward in your career!
it is a genuine pleasure Patti ...
I made it official now my favorite movie has to be war horse or 21 jump street or new years eve I love these movies :)
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE EVERYONE FREE TILL 11! $5ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!!
“: “: Sections with bottles & models back to back S/O to 😍😍 and Parle Blaque in the building !!”
Romney looks dead tired speaking in Illinois.
At Costco for the first time... smells like Fleet Farm...why?
are you in ms.Mathews gt reading class
Did the 2 quarrel over bldg materials? RT : The classic toy "Lincoln Logs" invented by son of famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright.
I'm nominating Girardi as the person I'd least like to see return next year. Berkman is a close 2nd.
it rained all fucking day
Yes!!!! Jon Hamm was on this show for a couple of eps!
It was nice meeting you and I really can't wait to hear more of your lyrics!
Dan Strempel Simba Information and Eric Newman, Publishing Consultant discuss Globalization and content.
these services are good but not innovative. Timing is right and social data is available. Classic case of better late than early
haha of course you do
Hit or Miss - Adverse (Prod. by Emancipator)
Ohh that's awkward
Thank you for all your hard work! Keep on keepin on!
when are we gonna kick it -_-
" I was like: I had twenty beers! They'll be like: Nikki six drank heroin from a fire hose. Yeah I'm a huge pussy."
RT Social media addiction is actually being compared to heroin addiction. #isthisforreal #killsocial < +1
Birthday tomorrow, and i dont even gaf!
My roommate from the dorms at Chico State is at the same bar I'm at in Sac. I'm avoiding saying hi.
Thanks for the recent follow!
Met up w/ some & scored some much needed Outer Space Men from
Are you ready to #dance? We've got & showing us how it's done starting at 9pm #TONIGHT!
Not the leather?
Good morning! Really looking forward to talking about #cities today! Such an interesting topic.
outkast nice song
Up early... Houston bound ... wuz good
They mostly work with modern(ish) texts, though, IIRC. I think it's more complicated for layers of medieval authorship.
Hey play 's new song, Life As We Know It!
I like those! Where can we find them?
shooting up heroine~~
ok babe!
Hi! Great running into you as well. I think I finally recovered 😊
It's official. I'm addicted to Pintrist
Yes, I did actually eat too much chocolate this evening.
Oh Henry, Supa Dupa and Night Rider. ha!
How many people do you know who can't afford health care? Imagine that multiplied by so many times around the world - how can we help?
Too much to do....so little time....
LOVE YOU! RT:: Missing No goodbyes. Just see ya real soon. Break a leg in NYC. Xoxoxoxoxox
I would like to try sub-editing fiction with experienced editor who'd get me started.
Ugh. Long Monday coming up!
I teach Gay as a Second Language (GSL) classes down at the local Community College.
Really? We had no idea. RT US news Financial crises caused by "stupidity and greed": Geithner: (Reuters) - Treasury Secret...
How do you handcuff a one-armed man?
I love the HEAT!!!!! Let's wrap this thing up and focus on the next round.
you feel reborn? Does that mean you wanna do something adventurous? (:
Every day is a weigh scale to make a decision, sometimes you gotta just flip a coin BILLY BRICHITT (2nd t is silent)
if I found em I woulda smoked all of em at the same time ... Ur lucky we don't know eachother
1/2 of baseball's mitchell report (batboy snitch); spygate (old coach snitch); UCLA this wk. (student mgr snitch).Cam Newton (Mist snitch)
do you use these? It seems like people would get really mad
Yeah, SAPs suck. But at least I can spell about (most the time).
Thought I'd avoid the 'spring' tweet, but with open windows, hot coffee, music on blast and a full day ahead, cant help myself
How is it an unlicensed contractor can take my job AND incur cost on me????? Burns me up!
Congrats The excitement reminds me of when first showed up in Hollywood!
C'mon Brett Brett! Gameday tells you are next up.
missing my sexy time with my little bro we are so sexy together we bring sexy back fuck justin timberlake
Must see tv: watching ManCity faithful losing control.
If I learned anything from today it's that if you want something you have to go out and get it. There are no free handouts
Yay! We should coordinate outfits as a panel. RT : Hey : we're on the same panel for ! Holla!
Sometimes I will look down at my watch 3 consecutive times and STILL won't know what time it is!
i wonder how many Mahomies are searching poems on google right now...loll i know i am!
Still on my train games. Round 5
i need to chop this fro tomorrow. are you booked up?
lazy Saturday, too bad I'm at work.
": I wish Liam got more recognition for what he does for fans."
What?wow! Congrats, girl:) so proud of u. Teacher ka na. yey!
Allowing myself a chai break because I only have like the last three paragraphs to write. GO GO GO.
(c) the last year of my life. Love you all<3
Can't believe I ain't tweet bout that Grizzlies Clippers game yesterday! 
oh. I'm sorry, I don't know she is a selena haters..
Big baller brunch with and
the new desktop app for windows rocks.
My 500th tweet goes to because EVERYTHING about him is amaZAYN<33 remember your my One Direction best friend #NoLie #iloveit <3
. ok at least this: DOIs s/be assigned to dig objects held by repos w/commitment to preserve access.
life is great<3
you better be going to the boston AN show, and you best be getting me a t shirt.
I think I'm interested in getting an eReader JUST so all of my books don't take up the majority of my space.
Showing Omani librarians around today
TWISTED...So very twisted...I love it. : b
Didn't kno they was coming out wit another Men n Black...
damn technology is taking over me haha that needs to stop
So a diamond is not forever? You broke my brain.
Even though I didnt like the seclusion part... I miss y'uns :(
Moving on is hard, but it just opens up opportunities for so much better! (:
Is it all necessary? Does it justify huge profit for creating articles public often can't access?
I love u waay more Erika Harris
checked out #ThinkLikeAMan with last night, had a great time. Love ya sugarfoot!
Not until he gets annoying!
- actually I did at first but you have to dive into it to love it.
Thank you to all my followers!
There is a magazine called "Garden & Gun"
Register NOW for just $20. YLDCEVAPALOOZA.com
Ugh, this is not going to help Bob Loblaw Law Blog RT Jayson Werth leaves with an apparent wrist injury.
When will your vegan restaurant open and where will it be located? Please DM me
ACY airfares lowest in U.S. survey - Shore News Today
why does work always drag on friday?
you're not so bad yourself, friend
RT I been thick all my life ! Lol // -______-
welcome to the twitter world!!! it's about time! LOL
“Chess not easy game.” Miguel Najdorf
Now mapping emancipation events through runaway slave ads, military records.
RT : Pitching makes or breaks a team and in our case, we're in trouble and in for a LONG season.
When you communicate from your principles and values, you can solve problems. You also move concepts, ideas and good things FORWARD!
I'm pretty sure the evening shift drivers on the D2 deliberately turn off nextbus to mask their shirking off on the job.
esp. true off the campaign trail. Race is at the root of this. I might as well say the theology of conservatism . . .
who faking?
#bestteaseever Bring it! RT oh, btw, get ready for some studio footage.
one thing you should know about me is, I DO NOT respond to "lol" "hahahahahaha" "lmao" "rofl" etc.
It is so true, there is so much pain either way!
glad to hear you're having fun at the NE mobile Book Fair - sure do miss your YA brain in Vineyard Haven!
Did you see the new website?
Happy V-Day to everyone intertwined in the feeling of love... It's only real.... That is all.
Go back to your bridge Troll!!!!
I would be shocked and amazed if there weren't at least a few Tor exit nodes hosted/controlled by the NSA.
Had been looking for a reason to get down. Now they had it. The Line Guards (chang gang) were looking on in amusement as the swinging and
#vaumc11 Recognizing new faith communities. Glad to hear witness of established churches trying new things to reach new people!
food for thought on your business RT omfg Abercrombie & Fitch, you can't just make mistakes like this
I love Lebron, Dwade, Bosh, etc.
Hysterical in 2012RT I Am The Walrus' banned by BBC 'you been a naughty girl & let your knickers down' considered obscene.
who is Jesus? And it's not the creepy kid from buenos aires that sits in the corner of your math class
lol I bet
Thanks for posting this!
I was in-house council.
No, I am not the culprit.
Great Social Media webinar @#10ways. Learned so much! Thanks.
Some dude let his pitbull loose while my dog was in the park. C'mon man. That dog looks scary and I was there first!
A huge Texas size Happy Birthday to Amazedradio staff Barbara C. Lv U BIG Barb!!!!!!!!!!!
#Nuggets have left me exhausted this week. 2 nights up past my bedtime has me sluggish today. I couldn't be happier!
thanks 4 follow back much love
It's too nice out rt now .. Who got a pool
i like your face!
Be yourself and do what you want to do. Nothing else matters as long as YOU are happy.
There is a show called Robot Chicken, need I say more...
.:"we do need to cut the budget...but we're not going 2do it on the backs of wmn &children...a budget is a statement of values."
your fans love Green Bay!
Yeap . I was up in that thang we even danced once -.-
Sleepy sleepy sleepy!
yes, ill-advised :)
nothing like havin your time and thoughts to yourself
Great point! And I think it's important for schools (and teachers and admin) to model positive, responsible use
increasingly better thx! Friend on his way to take me2lunch. Been meaning to get2weeds forever! So glad it's underway. How r u?
I miss yu too im going to UC sis
“: Shining Light is actually The Broad Stage in Santa Monica. Beautiful space...”
Today is a "2 a day" day...2 Home Inspections w/ Real Estate Million Dollar luncheon sandwiched in between...LOVE IT!
#FunnierThanCordova Biographies of Kennedy wives and girlfriends.
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes :)
How you gonna be tweeting and then ignore our calls M
Sounds good :) x
It bugs me so bad when girls go to the gym, to socialize with men and pretend to workout.
Thanks for the retweet! I have a huge pile of these great student drawings to pick from!
heading home busy day.
oh shoot! Need to find a Sheetz asap.
Sorry, somehow missed these tweets! We got everything squared away, right?
A huge special thanks to our supporters during #bourbonchase. and a host of people not on Twitter.
See u tonight guys! It's gonna be out of control
making a twitter I see you ! P.H.A.N Crew all day ! 2 presidents right here !
I wanna catch you in the act if you are fucken up
You're welcome. Will do.
Thanks to all the DT parents that came out to yesterday's wonderful Easter Egg Hunt! Happy Spring Break!
That awkward moment when someone only talks to you because they want something.
I'm drinking a STELLA!!!!
Time for Sunday sweatpants! Which according to means I'm unlikely to go anywhere tonight. Which is likely true.
2012 is the year of the iPhone..everybody has one..thats crazy.. #teamiphone!!! 📱📱📱
Now Playing Field of Souls At ETA in Chicago
You're very welcome! We're glad your students are visiting Memorial Library and enjoying the programs. Best~
travel agent, auto worker and sax players in rock bands NBC
Go viral at #wssmiami where social media & online marketing expert and weigh in on "going viral"
what did you think of the score to Hunger Games? I quite liked it, & that's not something I tend to notice as much w/ movies
Congrats to - Looking forward to seeing the minutemen fans next week for the 75th Annual #NIT !
You're so fab! Thanks Nuvo! :)
Pinot continues to grow on me. Thanks to for delicious Fritz 09 Russian River Pinot. Cheers!
I see it says your a sports fanatic...who's your football team????
I love my friends but when you hang out w the same ppl for too long they get annoying ! >.< blah 😒
Thinking of those who lost their lives on 9/11 and thankful to those who fight for our freedom everyday
im off now
What kind of name is Sefolosha??? Sounds like a
Witty huh I have my moments haha :DD
hopefully its not me :-(
Girls have a bad habit of holding on too long, but guys have a bad habit of letting go too easily.
There is no more useful website in economics than
All You Need Is A Little Perspective.
. Yesterday was amazing. 2291 people downloaded the book and 8 bought one this morning. Will you do another free offering?
Okay has been my fav band since 7th grade and if I don't hear this song on #KissFM this summer I'm gonna flip
Good luck with that.
I need to stop saying "how much of a whore can you be?" Apparently, people take it as a challenge.
2 hour walk?! You could've walked to Port Washington in that time.
it is beyond satisfying. A fantastic indulgence.
#JustinIsMyHERO and I truly mean it!
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.
mind following my new account?
hey I love u
ps - wish more 40(+) kept in such a fine shape - wouldn't have to lust at the boys that could pretty much be "my sons"
Tweet Poll: Dear Web designers, do you build your sites wholly in Illustrator? Check Yes or No.
That's funny cause I just saw season 3 & 4 of Dexter. Keep watching, it's so good!!! It just gets better.
I think Silas is better off w/o this mess. Good man. RT : Former #Cavs coach Paul Silas is out as Charlotte Bobcats coach
we <3 you back!
I'm thinking about once I get it done, I can put it as an audio book on youtube to get it out there. :)
D-double E-Fizzy (Deefizzy) gotta love him.<3
Hey , attendant Tina Marie (flight 1400) is great..service & decisions that made the flight better for everyone. 👍
Also I was in chosen to be in the "Recorder Club" in third grade because I was so bad at playing the trumpet.
Hundreds of markdowns at today! + more!
Splendid brunch at Fives in The Peninsula Hotel. Able to use AmEx Platinum card hotel credit for brunch. This card is good value!
all these celebrities death have something in common DRUGS they victim of their demise & all their deaths surface the web like peter parker
now turn those lights giants colors
The beautiful Countess Czernin von Chudenitz founder of PPMG heads out with Jill Milan's fall '12 portfolio
I make sure that at least one snack is almonds- they're crunchy and have good fats that lower bad cholesterol! don't eat too many!
From all of us have a wonderful weekend. Happy times now begin...
The reason I rail on #GoDaddy is #horrible #customer #service, #slow #servers, &overall #busines #practices. Nothing personal. :)
party at Geisha house....tomorrow..celebrating my homegirl (DONNA) 20th B-day....
I need a GHD in my house. I wonder if I can smuggle one as carry-on luggage onto the plane back to Australia....
well maybe if i actually had a weight problem, i'd consider it.
Can't wait to meet my nephew!! Just a few more hours!
Tonight!! Marty & Marissa Variety Hour at ! Serious special guests , , Tim Ehrlich, and more! 11pm! FREE!
Pat Brown gave a gracious goodbye on NBC 39 in SD tonight...NBC is shortsighted in their cost cutting measures.
Working on all these projects.
There are certain commercials I disprove of while on my lunch break.
I grew up on classic TV. Love it. I've NEVER enjoyed a show like I enjoy #CougarTown. It's effing amazing.
who says that the relative ease at which one may stumble across a blowjob in wm is negative?
Send them Bulls back to Chi town
do u get to wear ur own clothes on air or do they have u choose from a wardrobe fox provides?
would much rather have very few real & true friends rather than a bunch of fake friends
Painting: The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather and exposing them to critics. - Ambrose Bierce #quotes #art #fine art
The most thing I heat in my life and I will not forgive any one to do is lie I heat lie !
it sounds like her talk is part of a forthcoming publication, so you might be able to access it that way.
- love this pic!! RT Two of Amex's #SocialMedia gurus accepting "Most Innovative Brand" award from earlier this wk!
This testing sucks.
We look forward to seeing & crew tomorrow as they prepare for San Diego Intl Wine Competition
Laying down, listening to music...🎧
I'm in siesta key, FL! What part are you in?
met a ceo/founder/owner/stylist of an AWESOME company today...networking!!!
Good Question! Anyone? MT As an L&D peep, what's your passion? Not job role, not to do list - but what do you really enjoy doing?
Bae sleep & i wanna wake him up but im actually to tired, juss can`t sleep
Thank you sir RT : Big shout once again to my man for all the hard work
I know where N is and I have window. At previous job also knew N (no window). The job before that (cubicle), didn't know.
Scooters would be nice to have hah
we're more than eager to get all this stuff out for you guys!
Blake, that's a blocking foul every time. Every. Single. Time.
Someone Talk to me? Hm. I think so.
Pheasants game...you're welcome to join that with us! I'm there until Tuesday. Maybe Mon or Tues?
Finally getting on the train after 5 hours walking the city. AdMo to Foggy and back, out to Logan and down to Chinatown. Sitting rocks.
Tomorrow will be fun ^__^
Trying to set up a lunch co-ed #cricket league in employer's wellness park. Tips 4 safe low impact equipment? This will be sans helmets.
Listening to #Titanic soundtrack 100 years after it sank during this mini roadtrip with my boyfriend to meet his parents.
Hipster clothes packed? Check. MacBook charged? Check. Travel games & juice boxes packed for ? Check.
Love the Phantom, wish I could have been there for that.
you are the only one that can change the world
The Super Lawyers lists are published nationwide in Super Lawyers magazines and in leading city and regional magazines across the country.
“The value of a man resides in what he gives and not in what he is capable of receiving.” - Anthony Robbins
we get an extra day to enjoy life, take advantage, man.
After a great victory and a hard fought race I hope everyone is having some much deserved time with family.
yea it does cuz i still have fukin feelings for her
#20ThingsAboutMe; 13. I've always wanted to an 'In-Flight Crew Member' for Virgin Atlantic Airlines.
Stop asking me what happens next in the hunger games ... NOT going to tell you!!!
I like that. My mom says that everyday. RT : MAKE it a great day!
BREAKING NEWS: Pitcher Derek Holland signed to 5-year contract plus two options for 2017 and 2018 seasons. W0000p
Thoughts? RT : Wanted: a longform socio-economic comparison of Iceland/Ireland's post-crash debt policies. /cc
well put!
ok.. Well then... I suppose it's time to come down and ruin some poor lobsters life.
I have determined to be morose for the rest of the day. It makes me happy. Maurice Sendak would approve.
You are most welcome, Eric
lol I'm off Friday - Monday tho
I'm sure it was! BTW, do you ever make it up to the Madison area? Would love to connect with you IRL or via Skype
Maybe the #NYR should nom Avery for #Masterton. Using the Cooke criteria he has learned from his past. Avery now knows he can't play hockey
thinking about darwinian literary theory
Hey brotha...greetings from the AK! Alaska checking in and slow jamming in about an hour and 10 minutes!
Any parties tonight <3
Sigh. Rein in blood. xo RT it's "reins". <hearts>
Wing Daddys with ❥
yay! Courtney this is a perfect activity for our new "girls night" lifestyle
baby is done w/ nap, now it's time to take them to indoor fun activities, since it's so yucky out today! YMCA here we come!
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern's Flight Was Delayed
"Nobody puts Baby in the corner." You can never remake Dirty Dancing, but it still will be fun to watch #DirtyDancingRemake right?
Give it to you like I owe you one!!
Go Giants!
I must have that book!
So the Doctor is actually a giraffe? I think we found the 12th Doctor!
Hud Collins is only 64? Sorry Hud but I would have put you closer to 80.
Holy crap! Claire Dunphy is Virginia Venit in Happy Gilmore????
We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself. ~ Lloyd Alexander
“To spare oneself from grief at all cost can be achieved only at the price of total detachment” Eric Fromm
So are we! August 13th can't come soon enough. Thanks for the support!
Yes RT : I'm so tired of this SHIT!!! It's always "X team lost the game" not "Kansas won the game"!! WTF Give us some damn credit!
Just got back from #Salem #1st #Citizen Dinner. Great event!
!!! “: Little boxes on the hillside. Little boxes made of ticky tacky.” I'm finally starting season 6 thanks to Netflix! 
Join us tomorrow at 1pm for Helvetica, a film that explores the life, times, and fans of this ubiquitous set of letters.
Apple May Announce an iPad Upgrade in March
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. - Winston Churchill
I got my suitcase but now it's about time for a briefcase ;)
There's always Minecraft, which doesn't really have to compete.
We are at the Beverly Hills park on Santa Monica and Canon Drive. Stop by and get a sample!!
Working for today. Reading Ms. Judy Blume's "It's Not the end of the World. "
Zyrtec is the greatest! Just discovered recently that it's not an antihistamine; it's steroidal, so no drowsiness.
Sugar is open on Easter day!
Hahaha sorry drew! You're my favorite too!
Fyi anyone who I am following, aside from celebs of course, that are not following back, I will unfollow you! Thanks. <3
FLOPPY DISKS
sitting like a loner in theatre while goes to walmart. the fuck man!
thanks for the mention!
He actually had two of the few well hit balls today, just right at people.
"Hey, hey life ain't fair. Three in the air if you just don't care."
Going to see if TweetDeck can help me better achieve my daily tweeting resolution for 2011.
Haha, we"ll see. I don't have very good luck.
cool... I haven't been staying up on him I need to... I'm gnat have to send you what I've been working on
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 16
Lotta talk there, sugar plum...
Poker is not a crime. Do you support licensing and regulating online #poker?
Come back! MKE misses you! :)
Ok first of the month-ers: how are you going to make the beginning of May different from the end of April. What are you going to change?
Make Up To Break Up !
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians? Get a hold of us!
You can't drive a car looking backwards so why not start living for what's ahead and move forward? Keep smiling.
What benefit is running if you're on the wrong road? -John Mason
thanks for the follow!
you're welcome:-))
of course anything for you Zendaya
Dear douches, #stayoutofmylife .
Merry Christmas to you too!
Developing an IT infrastructure to better work from the field. It is also not going well.
hard to measure success of public engagement when yr mission is to create access & enable communities. still important, tho
he got a twitter crush on o girl ass her face is super below avg
kashi mayan bake for lunch today. pretty tasty.
if the past 3 presidents admit to marijuana use (and cocaine for & Bush) is it "inappropriate" to question "the war on drugs?"
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa Sunday Special. Call NOW
The greatest thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and failures, and still thinks you're completely amazing.
Great app eval resources for librarians: Kirkus, SLJ, Children's Tech & Common Sense Media. Links forthcoming.
One item crossed off my to-do list already!
So fucking bored.
Do u remember the one with the little gnomes? Now that was my shit lol
Is this day ever going to end?
if i was a dude id tell you to suck my dick right now. . .
Glad to hear that Maria - Love a rockin' dinner!
Thanks, I might need the luck so I'll take what I can get.
Thanks, guys. I just hope Weight Watchers likes my new campaign idea.
regardless juss in case she starts her shit lol
The horizon, to remind you of your courage, sends its gentle waves of confidence to kiss your feet. ~Dodinsky
Bikram this morning was awesome. Picked up our meat share from the CSA & some kale @ Green City Market. is excited about kale chips!
The only difference between me and a madman is that I’m not mad
Now on Twitter! Yahoo! Can't wait to see our twitter Dosha fans!
Why is it this hot !?!?
learning about trythedream!
but seriously! What did u do?
Eric Schmidt, Google CEO, in Mpls called cyberaddiction "pretty serious." Maybe it's time to take it seriously.
I hate to see one of my colleagues retire, but the stress of the job won't allow her to stay. She was a GREAT teacher.
Couch tour rules'!!
Chilly #United flight from IAD to SFO. Blankets no longer available in coach class!? Thanks flight attendant Kathy for coming to the rescue
Imagine that! My mom and I are embarrassing her poor doctor.
and I are hosting #21CRadio tonight at 6PST! Join us for a chance to win tix!
Good morning America! :) it's gonna be a great day
First at halftime!.....
I can't hear you, so ill just laugh and hope it wasn't a question
Welcome - hope you enjoy using Camtasia!
you got this one right, Bayless is useless
Poor life choices, 3 hours sleep, 13 hours of work today. I got this.
Watching Pranked and laughing way too hard for this hour on a weeknight! Sleep will not come easy.
I know you have an extra ticket to NYE for my friend, and you want to sell it to me, right?
Thank you for your support. We're taking a little time to reevaluate and then we'll see what happens.
If u could make a difference in your hair, what area would you like 2 see changed? Nourishment, color protection,reinforcement, or density?
Good. Much better... What's happening in your world? Any interesting connections?
definitely! Lol thanks! Sounds like things are great with you too! :)
Wisconsinites haven't been very smart people lately.
Time is the best teacher; Unfortunately it kills all its students!
Am I playing u now?! Is "yo" ur way of trying to hit on me
"dad don't step on the dog"
Good Morning!! Lets do it!!!!!
Okay, so one day, before thanks giving we were given homework, and I didn't do it. So the Tuesday it was do and the teacher asked me wher...
well hey I'm sam. Now u know me
A new day a fresh start. Thinking back to last night I just wanna say I'm sorry. （。−_−。）
Smile is winning(: think that's gonna be the first single!
#FF Make sure to follow , who is new to Twitter and a good friend of our radio show on
"By insulating themselves in the short run from the problems of society, the elite merely bought themselves…
I won’t soothe your pain,I won’t ease your strain,You’ll be waiting in vain,I got nothing for you to gain
...but then again...don't mind me or my feelings...you haven't cared about them for 21 years? Why start now?
Hey Ladies - We need some hot cougars for our next video - any race, 40 and over. Interested? @ reply us (must be in Seattle)
is your phone back on?
helped me out a lot during my intern days at - a good writer & a better man. Best of luck at , my man.
Looking for some help relative to employee compensation for full and part time sales associates. Doing research outside the auto industry t…
$3 mil wasted in order to tell two people how to live happily..Bunch of crap!!!
Merry Christmas !
Adrien Brody aways looks like how a magician looks the moment he says "ta-da!"
Pizza, beer, and a movie..... Yep, its a wild Saturday night here.
Awe you guys are the best!<3 how about this...next show u come too we let u and a friend in for free? (Tickets on us)<3;)
Didn't know 65 was a.k.a. Kenneth "Baby Face" Edmonds Highway.
So, I'm working at a different Starbucks tonight. O.o
SEO/Speed for the chat today? What is SEO speed? :)
I never lie ;)
Slept most of the day and now I can't get to sleep! Argh! What a day in life.
hey you!
Go Clear Lake! Big baseball game tonight!
RT : IF THE GRIZZ LOSE IMA BE PISSED, AND MIGHT PUT A SONG ON YOUTUBE..
Only need 2 more followers to get to 100!!! :D
I'm getting my hspa scores now.. wish me luck..
You can't prepare for a surprise!
My computer is in the hospital! Pray that it lives.
hahaha I was saying maybe Kesha was kesha ( in papiamento) when she choose her name --- get it?
#Gotye on #SNL tonight, meaning I’m finally going to hear a second song by them.
RT : BETO O'ROURKE IS FOLLOWING ME!!!! SO EXCITED!!! VOTE VOTE VOTE THIS MAY!!!
robinson thx for the bball camp in the 206, my son enjoyed himself.
its pretty good! I'm being a bargain bar hopper and only getting the specials hehe
“: damn life is good”
3:39PM. Sagar's first puke of the day.
what it dew ju follow back
we can quibble about definitions if you want
First dream tonight was about an alien attack. And now I just woke up from a dream about being cheated on. I just wanna sleep.
Get it Siggy!
What areas of your work or home life are out of control?
I knew u was talking bout him. He change and act crazy lol. U watch wwe?
can our card shop get a follow best of luck
Fun to see tweeps in so many different hashtag chats at once; I'm confusing chatter about libraries, fitness, diabetes humor, 1st-yr writing
Follow ! Get them to 100 followers :)
Couldn't agree more...
This school smells like pee
Yikes, while I like Cosi, $10 seems a little high for a sandwich that's not Katzinger's.
I really hate being constantly stared at.
Phone with feety man :)
show some love to your roots #WRGP #WUFI !! Ty!
Any spare kitchen utensils? YST needs whatever you don't want for our Blank Canvas and our TLP. Just drop what you have @ 311 S. Madison.
haha :) :O what happened?!
Congrats to the Lobos! 75-69 win over Air Force!
USA's Incarceration Rate at HISTORIC HIGH since 1776. Millions and Millions of Humans Locked-Up -- Costing Billions of $$$
she was prepared 2 take you off the dribble....lol in Heels hahahaha!!!! Wait, why you still up !! lol
What jazz artists from U.S., around the world, would you like to see in future displays? Why? Tell us
you crazy capitalist....jackie d would be proud
Sometimes, love just isn't enough.
I'd much die standing then to live on my knee's.
I'm good. Was twitter stalking u. Lmao.
RT this and your #FridayNight will be filled with lots of strong drinks and beautiful people! (We hope.)
Misspelled Cape Cod and one user wrote "Where's Cape Code? Do I get a discount if I know how to work the enigma or live in Bletchley Park?"
...Huh? Where did you come from?
love and light mwah!!! hope to see you soon xoxoooo
Is it dorky to walk up to someone and say I printed your book or I follow you on Twitter? It feels dorky.
Of. Glenn Miller "moonlight serenade" - that's what I'm talking about. Thanks
ha oh yeah shes a short lil kid. i have like 11 siblings
#schoolmemories oh here's one ..
Productive weekend so far. Bought bike helmet & gloves. Got last signature for pistol permit. Went grocery shopping. & I still have sunday.
life's not fair my friend >:) lol!
Fun time interviewing , the father/son tiki mug makers. U should check out their tiki mug vending machine at The Original Dinerant.
let's try and do tonight or tomorrow anytime after 9
Omg I can feel the hate tables away
also badly needs customizable snooze.
they are unisex gildan shirts.
Sympathy for the Devil & : awesome intro here for
Happy Thanksgiving to the Dans!!
I'm sick in the brain dumb bitch can you nurse this?
can I get a follow back!? :)
jajaja u make me laugh in different languages ;)
you're a Packers fan?
#Otakon Friday is the best day of the year for outdoor downtown power lunch. People watching is phenomenal.
RT : discovered i may be able to study abroad in istanbul. making this happen
Week two in the garden went great! We planted some root crops. It's looking good out there!
best new word,ever. what does it mean?
Kobe Crying , Ion blame him , Cuz dey pissed me off
us too! See you dudes there!
If you three bet with AJ. Flop tptk and fold when your bet on the flop gets raised. You probably shouldn't three bet with AJ.
Don't blame or complain. Plan and follow through.
convinced 2 groups of 1st graders and a few 5th graders that i'm dating . if i can convince them, i can convince anyone c;
writing is harder when you give a good damn.
Wow. “: About 36% of the 63,386 HS graduates in Washington in 2009 had not enrolled in college within one year after graduation”
Its okay....and yes we do! lol
6:00 has come much too soon. I think I could listen to Ian MacKaye ramble for at least 2 more hours
Follow for the latest news! I’m entering the #HCRFWhatever contest!
Man! I will have my nails in my seat! haha
Follow my bro and i tell u my msn, if u like f course ;)
Have a great weekend! Hope to see you at our free community fair tomorrow afternoon!
Prayers today should include all of the families effected by the devastation of tornados in the midwest, especially Joplin Mo.
#vegasroast I swear dave roberts is the egg in the frying pan, not after drugs, but after birth...dude remember 1 thing!
": Officially committed to Elmhurst College to play football!" Congrats bro. You deserve it. Do your thing there
Headed into our 11th straight hour of employee calibration. O.M.G. I am ready for this day to be over!
Cut you're head off, guillotine, Henry the 8th style, You remind me of cheddar bob from 8 mile.
WTH is Peter petrelli's dad doing on Alcatraz?
Time for bed. Loving my new toys from Amazon delivery. Hope for good day tomorrow!
Watching Pres Obama on The View
Wishes she had been at the #Coldplay concert last night. Not being in LA sucks.
These broke niggas make me sick throw up
wow. that looks worth doing grading for.
VDN you may want to get MO' Williams out the game
too many!!
I love the movie you're watching right now.
wow thats like a flash back the most amazin music ur idols r so cool i think thats why u are!!!;)
SHOW ME WHAT WEBSITE THIS WAS NO
Headline coulda been snappier and less brochure-like, too. ;)
Yes, Ceci! I wore mine to a rehearsal last night. :-)
Nored great aggressive take to bucket. Fouled. But can't get bucket to go. 6:35 to go, he hits em both. 42-41 Panthers
Great avatar photo.
JAYS WIN!!!!! JAYS WIN!!!! JAYS WIN!!!! Let's make some free throws next game and shock the world on Sunday!
"In other fields we've found ways to produce things using fewer labor hrs. using more tech. We haven't figured out how to do that in Ed."
Had a fabulous time in Milwaukee this weekend, what a cool place! Happy to be home & back to my routine, though, after 1.5 weeks of travel.
‘Oliver Twist’ musical production April 20, 21
with the crew from to raise funds to support pediatric programs
office convo is outta control & girl- puhlease
It would be super awesome if you guys could like our Facebook page :) facebook.com/superradshows
Needs a FT job or several PT and/or VT gigs pronto, Tonto! Got a lead? Please let me know! :>)
my bro is ur biggest fan and would love a tweet & follow from you hun
Fishin' this weekend?
I'm glad it only took a wall of 1000s of books for you to come to that conclusion. woahahahaaa
twitter is showing im not following ..good one twitter
Vickie Horne Vickie Horne How to Hunt Ghosts: How to Hunt Ghosts How to Hunt Ghosts: How to Hunt Ghosts
I'm with you on the Mario Tennis. Once it's out, we'll have to meet up on the court.
no problem! Anytime!
Be aware to the present situation so you can see the beauty all around you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
. could be the coolest concept ever. Just downloaded my first mix. You can browse by BPM. Hey , check it out.
Noted Speakers will guide you through #enlightenment processes that have never been given before
U said a mouthful. Not friends w/him anymore, he disgusts me. Used 2 get together w/him & wife. No more for me. Hubby tolerates
Great show tonight tune in next Tuesday 8pm Thanks for tuning in
BREAKING DAWN PART 1 AS THE BEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN! IT HAS THE BEST ENDING!! CANT WAIT 2 C PART 2! NOVEMBER 16, 2012!
Tuning into #smss, "How Big Brands are Using #SocialMedia" with , and
That program still comes on?
Oh hey, connor and i have been together for two months now
Santorum drops out of the GOP race!
Are you business in LA with 8 or less employees/partners? Minimum 2? *Complimentary service offer to 2 companies. (professional reflexology)
Hey! Ppl wats up? Follow doggie221 she is so cool
I never feel more at peace with myself than when I'm sitting on the toilet drinking coffee
RT : Got some old jeans to donate? Swing by our 6th & Lamar store - give them to - they'll recycle them...
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Why would people want to sign up for your newsletter? Nobody wants more email. Give them a REASON to want to sign up.
love watching you on the Big Biz Show!
Alba - a troubadour's poem about the parting of lovers at dawn. ALBM - air-launched ballistic missile.
Bend It Overr
SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS! IF U FOLLOW THEM THAT MEANS YOU HAVE 100% SWAG
I hate it when a poem appears in the brain & no paper & pen are available. Happened again today when I was driving. *sigh".
thanks Auntie! Some nice musical accompaniment to exercises and/or cake, I hope :)
Dont know what to think
enjoy.. u probably are having more fun then i am right now.. #david everrett
RT : "Many paths lead to the top of the mountain" Buddist saying...did they mean personalized learning is key to all students...
Really ,"Don"?? Bass guitar isn't even a hard instrument to play.
its so super god! :*
That's the rumor :)
I have one of those, "this is really gonna hurt later" type sunburns going on after spending the afternoon at a health fair.
Watching episode of Family Guy where Peter has kidney failure from drinking red bull and a commercial comes on for red bull. Is this irony?
I followed back
Drawn Dead Poker Pro playing in high stakes cash game at the Bellagio tonight www.drawndead.net
How would you blog differently........ I'd start
Clean shaven lets grow this dirt beard
hahahaha seriously! I hate that! And sorry about not answering you last night...
Gilbert still wants me to take him food.
if only nathan would go for it:P
need me some new
People shouldn't promote horrible music ........ Period .
"hey mr dj will you turn the music up." (;
shoutout to for keeping the subwoofers happy
Thad Young just learned what happens when you drive past Kevin Garnett. Michael Gearon throws a tray table across his living room.
Wow, yet another wrong-way driver on the DNT this morning. Are they filming the next Die Hard movie here or something?
Who the hell in the world is #ShyGlizzy ???
Your lyrics are awesome <333
Just listened to on the radio(: Good luck with everything, bro! #DreamBig<3
awesome nick. I am thinking of doing one too!! May 14
Absolutely true! What's your favorite way to keep in touch?
heyy can you please follow me???
“: You can SEE and hear us now - So tune for a special report on animal cruelty coming up in just minutes!”
I WANT IT.
To the Faithful..God shows himself Faithful. He hear every prayer, see every tear, & knows the Heart of us.
Just munched a 'Red heart' road goodie worth 3 points!
well for one it's faster. Second by choosing who I follow I let these people select the important news for me.
Thnx for heads up about the account being hacked! We apologize for any messages you received - problem solved now!
Feeling sorry 4 lady giving pedicure to chick next to me. Already talked abt her divorce, house sale, solo at Christmas & financial issues
We are going in right now, sorry #Philly but the #CELTICNATION wants that 18
When you fall for someone whom you can't seem to have :\
several women on the #66 bus need to adopt that motto
it was a very accurate description. Thank you for writing me so well :)
Friday Specials! $5 Box Lunch is TUNA! We have a killer Tuna Sandwich. There are only 10 and when they are gone, Go Fish!
CHRISTMASNOOBS.COM time for some killing and lvl up
Early flight out to New Mexico.
we are ok. No one will be here. We will return in force tomorrow.
Our teal butterfly represents HOPE. Hope is all we have when we are diagnosed with a terminal disease. HOPE is what makes us strong!
Reading a book & having to reread the same paragraph over and over because your thoughts are too distracting.
LT I just realuzed how many beats yall sit on n actin like u dont got beats!!!
My boy James Milner!
Forget the war with Iran. Please, please... let the strike end in Israel as soon as possible.
When did Horford come back?
so its back to square onee :(
im bout to check the email
Thx for retweet! Happy Tuesday to you! :)
I don't want ANY of my neighbors getting knifed, incl the ones who sing Oasis songs by the campfire, and incl pretty ol' you.
"You knew when you were needed and when to go away, a rare talent." - Jaime Lannister
ur great!!! your like my big brother i really look up to you!!! <3 can i be your little sister plz?
YES. You should.
Professors should not be allowed to schedule exams during interview week
#ihearttomdennisspeaches Watch out for the squirrel “: RT #ihearttomdennis don't you? #amasummit”
#foodicon FLady: "enormous step in the right direction" Me: a good step, but wish "whole grains" were there, and dairy wasn't, for health.
also gavin dovey at paper dragon books in BK
Haha, awee, see when I'm home I take away her room, lol. She just looks so happy.
Tutor Delphia is proud to announce we will now be offering Spanish tutoring. Details to follow soon!
About those bugs in the installer...
So true! Thanks for putting these great links out here - I love your tweets!
Hmm... good question. I'll retweet and let you know if I hear anything :)
Hope shelly leaves this week...but #brenchel back-doored wouldn't be too bad either
Thank you again to everyone that made it 1-1-1 Anniversary Party! ;) We had a blast and Element 13 Rocks!! !!
I don't like texting
I'll check him out, but if so.. a minority, I'm sure. :)
Unicorns are cooler than English class
Developing virtual living museum of 1920's and 1930's Lynd study of Middletown America in Blue Mars - industrial life prototype due Spring
Having the same issue leaving comments. Don't know if it's a Blogger issue or a Wordpress, but I hope it resolves itself soon!
Tweet me what r u gonna use for halloween!!
Thank u sir. Yea been gone for a minute.
Yeah man, my house missed it. I live southwest. Everything has been hit southeast and east of me. Lots of damage from reports.
Tanned for 15 minutes and I'm a little burnt.. #toohot!
that's what I'm thinking, Freddie Benz!
Haahaha funny!": I don't bite mines so bite one for me please...lol"
I know he's not like that especially slapping Selena all lies. People these days.
#ImNotInterested if your a physco bitch
Only eight more days until Avengers! Also can't wait for the new dark knight rises trailer that'll be attached to it!! : D
#500thtweet shout out goes to my boys
aww :( is ustream going to be rescheduled??? Love you <3
U left wit scuff to dr??? Lol
Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience & the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. ~Harriet Tubman
How was your easter? What cocktail did you enjoy? Did you match it to your bright pink heels?
Catch all the #NationalSemifinals action with us today! $5 mini burgers (3), $5 wings and $5 Miller/Coors stadium cups.
oh yes it does Dan!! He's dreaming of sausage gravy.
I've got Santigold on lock and will be jealous of you at Of Montreal. Do with it as you will.
thank you love yours is to but you like to see me hurt :(
We also posted lots of new stuff on Hottest Gay Places Orlando visit www.hgpof.com to see it now
It's better for the web. Browsers = users = web.
i know you are, but what am i
advice with what
Michelle Tyson, MA, LPC, NCC, CACII - In a safe, serene setting we can unpack and explore issues relating to: addiction, stress, worry,...
I better see you before you have your son
Stainless Steel Business Cards available at NYC Printing 123. Show your clients you mean business!!! Call now at 646.833.8085/...
a moth just landed on my computer
funny how it's only now deemed politically expedient to support the middle class...
Corey hart fantastic offense, great defense all around so far and just an absolute awesome game by
hahaha no $ clearly.. But I do happen to have $1.2 ;) text me
Oh Canada!!
were not that far apart
I'd like to see Peyton behind that O-Line!
TONIGHT - Morning Show w/ , + , plus PEOPLE'S FACES saying WORDS mere inches from you! 11PM at !
Lmao i'll let you beat me up
At the tech baseball game vs. The Sooners.
An Its On
2 for 1 Drinks for Ladies at Opal tonight!!! Get at it, ladies!!!
Today was just to much for me !
RT : Join me May 3 for Del Oro Awards to honor PR pros & Javier A Flores!...
"Shoot what you love from the heart, pimp it out, repeat" so says Chase Jarvis
