LOL, SA is the smallest big city ever. At least the BBQ is good, and the Missions games can't be beat. But I love baseball. ;)
a lil' soccer watching, a lil' cooking, a lil' vino, a lil' movie time, a lil' football watching, a lil' reading..can't wait! U?
girl get ready to destroy that dance floor with me
a hot shade of black! Like a latte!
Victory Bowl #FuckThaPolice! 🐷
BC high school A boys basketball: Gators and Ravens to tipoff in final - Vancouver Sun
Seeing people from the ball park makes these 34 days seem much longer. I JUST WANT MY BASEBALL BACK.
Frank Fairbanks and Christine Wilkinson named 2009 Valley Leadership Man & Woman of the Year
i taught her well
Thanks to im addicted to Twitter !
thanks love!!
well obviously you win on temp...but its been 80 here the past few days :)
keep a eye on twitter for the next few hours some autograph session info will come avail soon
Welcome ! Great to have , , , this morning
N just like that my weekend is over, back to work I go!
You guys, my little sister informed me I wasn't OLD OLD until I was 24. That day has arrived.
U.S. #Dow -183.45| following round 1 of presidential elections in France; & Netherlands teetered on brink of political and economic crisis.
so we're going to spot coffee tonight when I'm out of class tn? See ya there #youdontknowus ;)
I hope you do something fun then.
That fourth goal epitomized the 'guins effort after the first period.
No. You don't "get" art.
Student support rosters explained by MaryBeth Myers
Overtime on you niggas, Im going to Work!
i tried textin you, but i think i deleted your new number instead of your old. I had both xD
I dont know. I didnt get anything that daid that. Kinda scary. I would run a scan. Lol
Yes! force Game 5
but it's up to Taylor :(
He's full of holes and made out of cheese.
“: at the Parkrose Heights Neighborhood mtg. Karen Gray speaking about school budget/bond issues."
Huntsman is on Hannity...interesting interview...not sure about him.
By all indications, Hammond is being stripped of decision-making powers. Skiles+Hammond are lame ducks entering next season.
It makes me so happy to find a case directly on point. I'm such a nerd!
PPL ASK ME Y U DIDN'T FOLLOW ME I REPLY N SAY IMA LEADER NT A FOLLOWER
I only started appreciating it fairly recently. I hated it as a kid.
Always fab to get a shoutout on the show :) Howay the lads!
Super in love with my new #kindlefire!
TODAY! Ask your Representative to VOTE NO on H.R. 4970, the Adams VAWA Bill, which ignores the needs of Native women and LGBTQ communities.
Depends on if R.A. Dickey is starting.
Hola :)..and I've just been chilling, winning our poke war on Facebook.! Lol
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The dream of the 90's is alive in Pointland.
Rondo looking nice
Hello & welcome to Twitter,
Winding down from all the celebrating. Voice is gone! You made the #BBN proud & we love you! Hate to see you go but best of
OK, virtual handshake ;)
lovely! You guys look awesome!
Must be a lot going on with Facebook fellow student who said "I can think of a better way to spend my time than practice my speech"
hope so
i do it. Boii.
LOLOL Now my son thinks HES ADOPTED LMAO IM ON AN APRIL FOOLS ROOOLLLL LOL
Should be pysching up for work but am looking for Balance Lady Design supplies online. My creative window will close as tax season begins.
LET'S GO LAKERS!!!!!
You do know you are asking Randizzle, who happens to be the biggest FRAUD there is, what he thinks, right?
Hey Dan, thanks for coming to the BBC last night and sharing your thoughts. Appreciate it!
Secrets & lies eat you from the inside.
As good as those people were & could possibly be, God's got much more nourishing relationships waiting for you to get #through to.
hey lets all new and older members lets get busy!here on peoplestring,,
Why is there never any pretty waitresses here? Only guys with greasy ponytails.
Homosexuality is found in over 450 species. Homophobia is found in only 1. Which one seems unnatural now?
oh good to know! thanks!
it's like being jumped in to a gang. We only sometimes make people cry in job interviews.
"This idea sounds pretty half-baked Ben." "No, it's completely baked." Lmao
Follow for news on great broadcast and web content!
"We just stayed in & watched a movie on cable." "It was LEGEN -wait for it- S OF THE FALL! Legends of the Fall!"
"Strive to fail." -Andrew Skwish
Arrange to go to the library at dawn,which is open all day long when would i sleep?? Going crazy ... coffee accelarating it
LOL i have a feeling the answer to that is terrifying.
will save you a plate, let me know when
Luke needs to wake up and make me some ramen noodles
Turning in early, got a lot to think about. Gonna give it all to the Lord because He'll know how to handle it....
oh you know..places! Haha. And yea I haven't talked to you in forever! How's life?
Snow! Everyone make a mad dash for home!
Congrats. Great time.
Flack you Harry Styles
Have a frisky friday...and stay frisky my friends.
I think I just threw up a little in my mouth.
Whenever I log on, I find nothing but your tweets. Do you tweet every few seconds or something? Not that I mind.
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. - Mabel Newcomber
RT : 2012 State/foreign ops bill markup tomorrow. Proposed hiring freeze 4 #USAID. How do reforms go fwd w/o new staff, major $ cuts?
thanks for the SO Scott. i think i died in every acting job i had ;-) i've had better luck staying alive as a writer.
Good Morning
CRASH: US 26 eastbound after the tunnel, right lane blocked, expect delays back to the Sylvan exit
dissed me so hard on the block after we won it
hungry hungry hippo
everyone has a screaming kid with Santa pic.. haven't done this year yet.(gulp) just another part of being a parent! enjoy!
That's quite the journey, the sun might have to take a RAIN CHECK on that one.
RT : Oregon friends: May is chock full of Wild events in cities and towns across the state. Forest Grove, Sisters,......
saw Amanda for the first time in months! missed her! :D
Looking for 2 women 18-24yrs for a free on location photo session in Philly area.
ohh did uu hear me play??
oh I didn't realize you considered an alligator a part of your family... and HOW DARE YOU. THIN MINTS ARE WAY BETTER.
u get on my time line u punkass bitch dont u call me fake u sorry lil bitcgass an ok if im fake prove it?
i'll try! i'm gonna miss all of you.
I'm going to break this chicks neck -__-
You can't help who you love :)
« Tweeting until I fall asleep..»
: got you cuzzzy.
Android's ICS version is so much better than everything before it.
Would have been nice to get at least one of these B-More games. Need to take two from Arizona.
Enjoying the view at the View at Marquis in SFO //
Chelsea Grin >>>>
Till Fellner plays the well-tempered clavier, with discordant spoken word performance by lady.
So I'm officially done with CFES tomorrow, just have to do the treasurer report and DONE
Having to pee every 2 seconds <<<<
I'm all right :) Thanks for askin.
... How u doin today.. Just wanted to let u know u have some sexy eyes
So I watched Real Time with Bill Maher tonight, was a prick; Mayor Fetterman should have kicked Mr. Gillespie's sorry ass.
Make sure you don't let anyone interrupt your sleep. Rest is good. Work is good, most importantly sleep, no interruptions.
If you are a girls juco coach near Las Vegas and you are not here, you are missing out! There are 112 girls here!
Tonight , Lollipop Mondays!!! Who's coming out?
if done right - w a stylish tunic-type top and cute flats or boots, actually can work!
I Like Sex But If I Think You Worth It I'll Wait
you all suck -____- i
You are not broken, there is nothing to fix except your false perceptions.
now i feel stupid haha
why thank you :)
Can't be there, but I'll have a Dogfish Head World Wide Stout in Memoriam.
Just put them all! Loll . It's all good, we won't caree(:!
#Fortune ranks #CBRE as 3rd most admired company!
Gas is too damned expensive!
winners f*** the prom queen!!
Reading, Writing, It's Exciting, Inc. is a nonprofit program designed to help 2nd graders read and write at grade level.
High tea here today -- impromptu (like everything else at Foster Indy Mart) -- everyone is welcome 7916 SE Foster from around 1 PM
People who stay crying and upset about mediocre shit <<<<
No, the playwriting course is part of MIT's totally free OpenCourseWare program -- you don't need to be a student.
What gas is goin down in The BAY
I love the weekend more than i love bitches...
IM SO COLD. I hate this weather. I want summer.
You all set up with the work we did last night? Just checking...
RT Marcel the Shell could be my best friend.
About to clean these greens and chicken because I love my mom:)
R U Ready for Some Football an Bombay?
if you wrote a book . What would you title it ?
Buenos Dias :)) Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
oh man, rocks
Crew Parties, the team behind Brisbane’s Masc events, are holding a gay men’s camping trip over the October long weekend. The three-day c
Last Night was nuts!!! to say the least
okay good lol cause I can't risk getting yelled at by my boss again. Haha
Happy birthday to Anna at , gracious hostess of our crew meetings & more intimate events.
DM me ya number
Happy Veterans Day. Show some gratitude to those you know who served our country for your freedom.
Ugh, don't feel good. /:
Had a good time and a little freaked put, but time to get some sleep finally.
good Lord it's only 7am!
No fucks are given!!!
We're playing a new years eve show with John The Conqueror at The Station in South Philly.
dude with the italy shirt needs to go grab a hotdog or something..move him
He made my day 1000x better. ♥
We will have a silent auction for some Old Style swag as well to get some extra $$$ for the charity...come support us!
Awesome :) i saw sneak previews of new moon,it looks awesome! :) but it was my least favorite book though
Hehe I always will be <333
if i couild go back in time and prevent myself from initially playing such games... i would. wise choice.
I'm crying all the day. I just don't know will I survive or no :(
omg your awesome buck!
No music, no watch. Just a nice 5.5 mile run along the Rocky River in the Cleveland MetroPark on the shaded horse trails.
I've had great experiences with too. Frankly, one of the best AI conferences out there.
Count your blessings white girl.
I'm late...but I'm still getting coffee...
Haha! Good 1 ": Oh, you don't like my mix? Oh, cuz it doesn't have enough air horn samples? And I actually use some ori"
concerts are being rescheduled all over the place & Audition Week is a go! check back here for more info as we thaw out…
nah that's you.
I Just Wanna Ride Wit The Top Down N Smoke Weed Wit My Niggaz
sorry, we thought we'd hide in the cave, well leave soon.
*Walks into class late* Teacher: Why are u late? Me: I'm late? Teacher: You missed an entire period. Me: Are u telling me I'm pregnant? -LOL
Hey #Milwaukee! It's $5 Martini Day! All specialty and regular martinis included.
The SRO team is all pumped after the Allen Stone shows. Working furiously on making our Feb. 18th Muse show out of this world.
In Saipan, Flinders Univ pulls great support and integrates local accounts into WWII maritime heritage interp posters and online
thanks for the RT!
Kyle Anderson a very selfish player.
mama's making ribs tonight
Another amazing saturday night in #Boston ... 👎💤
mm..ok...No, I would have to ask permission from my father to put on the pc(the PC belongs to my father)
I'm really missin my boyfriend right now. =/
they deserve each other!
sounds good br3h
If I wasn't in love, I could not be alive!!!
Busy day with 51 desks in use! Guess the sun comes out and Seattle folks are inspired to find community.
Remember Whitney Houston for the radiant spirit she is, ignore the neg. head press. A single thought of love is a eulogy. Love is a garland
does anyone know how to unplug ears? I'm sick and my ears are all plugged up :(
DeAndre Jordan can't score in an empty gym!!!
Thanks, Eric! How've you been, bud? I almost made it out to Dallas last month. When I do, I'm taking you and Joanne out!
Nothing like having a CHR in the building now so I can bang out some club spots! Look out C-W...here comes some Dead5aus & Skrillex!!!
Possibly, but Homan's isn't DO specific.
Thanks! Glad you will be back to visit us then.
Im sure billy crystal was killing it at the #Oscars. Did anyone hear him?
done deal..U bueno?
Vegas is for spineless pussies who think fun is douching around with a bunch of other like-mindedly braindead people
happy hour at Trinity!
I know my king is out there,I'm just waiting for him to come and swoop be off of my free.(fantasizing about when that day comes)
this is the future of hip hop come support me by clicking like on this page
muahhahaha you mad bro? :P
trinity of worthwhile (?) deceptions: JTLeroy, James Frey, Mike Daisey.
choose to be open to Success, you never know where it will lead you possibly to places you have always wanted to go but didn’t know how
omg, what are your dinner plans??? txt me!! & i'm SO happy and proud of you!! Yay for new living spaces!! :D
Friends are God's way of apologizing to us for our families. - Anonymous
Hey we're playing in Atlanta, GA on 1/04. Come check us out!
yeah. agreed. loving my AC tho.
awh hope you get better :(
Annie just picked up trash , stick , and paper from the yard. Wow we are gonna have a nice clean yard.
Thanks for reading California Northern magazine!
. CNBC Q1: why do you want to destroy America? Q2: how long have you been a communist terrorist?
RT : Brett Favre. So many teams. So little time.
Playing lots of guitar this week. Trying to pace to avoid blisters, but not minding the pain...
you going to A$AP the 29th?
Me: the lights out, if we could get an ELECTRICIAN in here, that'd be nice... Dad: yeah, yeah, yeah
Arizona executes killer convicted of Norwegian Anders Breivik Pending homes sales surge, but can promote.
Condolences to the family of Jesus Maria Gamez I (Jesse). Jesse was a great man,never forgot his humble roots,civil rights & RIP
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE FOLLOW ME ME PLEASE
you better be hot then
Testing out the #envolve chat #WordPress plugin. It's similar to Facebook's chat but too many chat boxes. Oh well...keeping it for now.
And the "we smoke together" ain't a good excuse either cause there's plenty of pothead females
at least i haven't fallen asleep TWICE on the phone..
Where art thou, North Park News?
it should be up to date, thanks
Thank you miss lady! Were super excited!
#whathurtsthemost is that you don't care how things ended
Hahahaaaa! Why do you say that? Lol
i'm not trying to make anyone out as badperson. i'm just trying to get clarification for myself on why is so hostile
What's a fun Sunday morning for you? Breakfast in bed?
Gardening is an active participation in the deepest mysteries of the universe. ~Thomas Berry via RT
Stop trying to change aspects of your life that live in history. Live in the present.
I'm better off this way.
Bo It's tatum please follow It's my new 1D twittaaa!
well there is open to things and there is just plain gross :) it's a fine line.
Biden wants to rename that operation "Obamaha Beach".
She was built with a brain and some swagger.
- Me too. People should consider others more often.
Thank you so much for spreading the love yesterday
Watching huge oak and poplar trees being hand hewn for a new potter's shed at Conner Prairie.
I didn't realize Jimmy Clausen was so unprepared for NFL football. I guess there was a significant gap between him and Sam Bradford.
Naw another party
I feel like I got beat up last night
Setting up for #hubwork! Can't wait to see you today (bers!!!)
Already tweeted that I made White Whine. Resolution is that they replaced the Nook. Only sent 1 Tweet to B&N.
Congrats....first of many - I hope!
People are starting to creep me out -_-
Can we trade 4 Reed Johnson just so he can never do anything bad against us again? Kills us offensively & defensively. & by tearing Yo's ACL
This is bullshit man!! >:o
Is kind of a nutty question to ask, huh?! Backlinks, SEO, etc...
Current reading list: Christopher Pike's Scavenger Hunt, Mircea Eliade's History of Religious Ideas Vol 2, Warren Ellis' Crooked Little Vein
True, but with Google's power one would think they could do more. They obviously thought so, projecting $1.5 billion.
add me and thank you doll face.
...wee sometimes we need a lil somethin for ourselves ;)
Life has no victims. There are no victims in this life
Six Flags tomorrow w/
MIAMI HEAT!!!! Just give us this series already
I love being 16<3 these are the best days.
FWD: : im trying to link myspace music app to my fan page GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Delaware River Waterfront Corporation Transforming Delaware River Waterfront With Free Events Every Week
technically, both are grammatically correct :)
tell Greg to go find Benny Grebb in search of the "chit"
Any news on Nick Collins?
Enter M Building on Broadway. If you are a Quicken Loans team member, show badge to enter. Everyone else: Sign in at reception desk.
you got that, it's easy to be stoopid and overthrow with that arm, but lately, we'll take runs how we can get em,Stranding, no no
Oh, hey. It gets light at 5:30 now.
Yes, human.
It's about that time to call it a night.
I've hated them since I was 20, lol.
umm he is only follow like 40 out of his 14,000 followers!
looking for some behind the scenes?
It was so good! And we took pics of the White House like dorks :)
What are your ideas for creating more jobs in San Diego as part of your mayoral platform?
observed our first task. I really like the interaction style. Applause to our super dedicated students!!
That makes sense, it's going to vary by district. The unaffiliated ballot for me only had the amendment, wonder why no judges
tell me if it's as terrible as it looks
No!!! RT : Community is being pulled from NBC's mid-season schedule. Working on story now...
I hear ya! lonng day im bout to head to sleep
Tonight the #presconf visits home of the for a GALA celebration! Will we see YOU there?
I miss seeing u tweet! Plz tweet!
I love USA
yes tubas
2 month old top of the line corporate Elitebook and the wireless is fucked. HP deskside services are getting a call tomorrow.
I'm jealous. Its like -30 here. Ugh. Is it baseball season yet?
we drank from the cup of life, in exchange he drank the cup of our sins(poisin) and still defeated the grave! how great is our humble king!
Awesome! Let us know how it is, for sure.
me either .
I second that. New haven road trip soon!
Wow. "There is no military solution in Afghanistan." Education and empowering the elders to rebuild the society.
I am so ready for some Football
I do believe you gave it your best try, my hummingbird, sing to me
is live from Lake Waconia tonight with the #fishing opener forecast on KSTP-TV at 5pm & 6pm.
Does that make the #Predators a Stanley Cup frontrunner?
Reasons to be at the PISCES PARTY at Havana tonight? Dancing fish, the start of spring, Neptune, because I know you want to dance, booze!
“: We can throw stones, complain about them, stumble on them, climb over them, or build with them.” word
OMG! You are a sicko!
How dare they leave! RUDE!
everyone is such a creep now-a-days /: it's pissing me off
I will be at #dolorespark for the #supermoon. better stay away!
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT PUMP UP THE EXPLOSIVE DAMAGE ON DEAD MANS HAND ITS NOT FAIR FOR THE PEOPLE USING IT
Guys I only have 10 pictures for my fan video for so idk if I want to post it...
what are you smoking? Architects get 0 jobs. They have the highest unemp. Rate after graduation. I think you mean engineers
posted lots of city data for app developers to work with. Very cool! (although I might have removed the license plate #'s)
students raised $270,000 this year for the Special Olympics, one of the causes supported by Paternos ()
aka Irish dancing.
Dear , I think a lot of people would love to see , , , and back again!
Whats cookin' on your camping stove? Come spice it up with OB, , and Savory Spice on 6/22 for some culinary lessons...
The world's #population is 7 billion and growing, but the world's population of fish is about 5.1 trillion and rapidly depleting.
Chase Robert Scott Botts . <333 Oh my god I can't wait till this weekend .
Oh hey Ryan Hollins!
thanks for the FB,so will you be a regular nightowl on my timeline?
it's words with friends version of hang man
Anyone in my fantasy football league want to trade me a running back? I'll give you Fred Jackson for....
Week 12 of #P90X. Yesterday was chest, shoulders and arms plus #AbRipperX. Today was plyometrics.
There are about three dozen players who've declared early for the draft. Add in seniors, Europeans and I'm guessing a dozen made bad choice.
who will be the next that joins the family of The Big Blue Nation?? Go Cats!!
Good times w ol faces last night at Chi for Karen's Bday
i lost my piercing ball :c i hate going to get another
Cleaning out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
weird spot now where I'd be totally cool with someone breaking up the no-no, but I'd also kinda like to see it
I Seem To Wanna Be Single Now... Unless That One Special Person Asks Me...
Ha! RT It doesn't matter how old you are- if a balloon is about to hit the floor, you dive for that shit.
People I knew in high school are wait for it..... Getting divorced?? When did you get married? How old are you?
Hey thanks for the shoutout! RT away!
Went to go feed the goats and my feet were frozen... Somebody give me a heater damn it! :)
The story-workbook requires the reader to relate key issues and values-conflicts to her/his own life
i was bein sarcastic
Let us Plan Knights. Plan for a better future. Plan for a success. Plan to put love in everyones heart. Lets plan to always have a plan.
that was actually made for you.
damn that shit looks like ya'll in Narnia
laughing so hard 2 this RT Im pretty sure people get put in jail for the creepiness Im bestowing on 👀👃👃👃👃👃
At the mob scene that is the opening night of Death of a Salesman. !!
yes I am. And thank you so much! That really means so much to hear:) you yourself are a very true patriot as well!
everyone should check out ♥ they're really good. :3
Someone bring me starbucks. I'll love you forever.
This whole argument >>>>>>>>> lmfaoooo.. I'm laughing at this shit.
Music House & More Grand Opening Frday Dec,16,2011 Paris, Tx Artist hit me up with product
Where else can you earn 9-13% on your investment money? Learn more at www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com
text me fag
because the purse is probably damn heavy. most women do physical damage to themselves just because we carry them so often.
why are you offended I am using your own tactic against you?
Im getting this whole youtube video thing. come check out the vids i have so far. also will be making movies and commentary vids on cam.
you speak spain ?
that u care bitch duh
HAPPY #LILBOOSIE WAS FOUND NOT GUILTY WELL CNT WAIT 2 C HIM AROUND AGAIN
oh trust me. Ive told her (;
RT : Museum fans! How can museums be more social via social media? Follow #musesocial tmrw Noon-5pm EDT and join the chat
I thought reading 32 books was a lofty goal that deserved respect until my sister tweeted that she's reading 1 book each week.
When you really love someone, age, distance, height, && weight..is just a number. ♥ <3 <3
I know. Too bad. Haha
YepRT : An #Aquarius has an imagination so wide and complicated, it is hard for them to explain what they feel and see exactly
No doubt! A GreaterAid!
and Andes shouldn't have stole second nor reached third. But I'm not complainin😃
ann u suppose to b my close friend nd not b against me ur MEAN
watching the 2hour end of season 1 of #alcatraz "that's not what happened, not at all" miss that opening already!
wait a minute! how many times would they show #babyboy on #bet!
#NameYourFavoriteRapper EMINEM ALL THE WAY.
Think I'll go put the CD on now and listen to it! LOVE the whole CD. Love You Like A Love Song Baby! I Keep Hittin REPEAT :)
#sem2011 occupiers continue to occupy. Lots of tents still.
Huge Night on
counting down the days to see you guys at fantabuloso! ^.^ <3
Deodorant is not an option... U have to use it
Feeling cynical today
Thanks for attending the webinar!
Thank you Morgan!
It literally is T-shirt time outside.
#hategettingtold. I'm gonna have to write you a ticket.
Missing basketball practice for cornyval? #WINNNINGG (:
Things I ponder.... why did jay-z change the flow he had in the 90's?? It was so much better!
"What does it all mean?" Exactly what it meant from the start: Go find a banana.
"If you da best...take the test" - Mayweather to Pacquiao
I own this so take notes, I define this piece the piece doesn't define me
*grabs popcorn* RT : Ima take my shirt off
"We do not see the lens through which we look"
Writing more of this #script! Also make sure to follow my manager
A cynic is a man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing. - Oscar Wilde
On a bright and sunny summer day like today I'm glad I have a #Kindle since sitting in the sun and reading other eReaders is hard!
It's awesome to play King's Quest again! Thanks!
thanks for the shout out, not late at all :)
I agree!
Ahh! Thank you so much! :]
Having a productive day! *pats back*
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great
If you are curious about who I am & where I am from, read this to know: Http://gardenandgun/article/new-southern-belle
Sigh, another weekend of self-imposed exile. It's like I'm the town's hipster leper.
Thanks !! And I will miss DC and its inhabitants... I see some + alum happy hours in the near future :)
RT : I want a faithful relationship though..
my follower and 1d fan plz follow my freind she is new to twitter thanks it means allot to me
These projects are killing me. I guess this is what I get for not starting til the last day.
oops, make that !
Chicken fried rice.... M :)
Chipotle Cinamon Chicken, Zucchini Onion Roast, Tallegio Mushrooms, OMG!
any BEP updates?
wow ! this has been some night :)
Wednesday night! Lizard Lounge! 9-10:30 pm. brings the afrofunky fun to #Cambridge. Join us! Only $7!
I'm in school right now.
Good list. I think we play opposite Phil Keaggy on the Indie Stage. If you get bored there, come hang with us! :]
Lovely day in Melbourne. whats the weather like where you are ?
37 to 28 Scott Co at the half
Meeting with some Bay Area Pastors to talk about Antioch School.
Monthly Special : Hydrate your thirsty hair during your next salon visit with our hydration mask treatment and receive 50% off
but you'll still have a great time!! And maybe I'll see you after the show..possibly lol
Who wouldn't? But as I always say: To win the lotto, you have to play the lotto.
you's hating! Rage much?
Yes of course I stopped and helped. He had been dead for several hours. Once I stopped, others did too. Paramedics took him away.
coffee and cigs.
black straws make any drink taste better
Yes Sir! How's life????
Jacking it in San Diego RT : So this KONY2012 was a total scam huh... Yet to see a poster anywhere.
- I am glad I found you! I was just looking at your BC today on our Wall-o-Samples.
1st Panel: "How Rapid Technologies are Changing Our World and Work" {Topics: Education, Military, Medical, Museum, Construction}
Nobody wonna hang with a nobody but when they know that you are somebody,they wonna lend a hand to be your buddy because
Do you know any D.C.-area recently (or about to be) naturalized US citizens? For a story. please DM if you do. Thanks!
#singing Its 4 o clock in the morning & twitter got boring
and your God my God. 17Where you die, I will die, and there I will be buried. b-Thus and more may the LORD do to me-b if #Torah 19/99
Phx. Seeking caring people to work w/disabled adults & children in their homes. If interested
Just got online, does anyone have a clue of what big announcement is?
Sleep people. Going there so goodnight.
Being pulled in so many directions.. Holiday burnout.
When, where, why, and how can I get in?
Thanks for the follow, Ron. Been a big fan since he came up w/ the #Tigers in '04.
My Chumby is a conversation starter.
Jimmy Choo's I Know You Can't Afford Em
Monday is such a cruel day for #amwriting at times. Today it is requiring every form of motivation I can think of...
Im hungry as hell!
Let's be smart now,if your rude to me AS SOON as I get home for NO REASON that's gonna put me in a bad mood.
Features &amp; Features of Driving Mirror | Machines Design
Wait why did I do what? :P
Enjoy, Steve!
LET ME LOVE YOU
In Museum store now @ National Museum of American History looking at it. Buying 2 copies.
Giving away WWE Raw tickets around 4:53pm on The Zone @ 94.1 make sure you tune in to win.
thanks! How'd it go?
well there are good parties but I'm going with family so we'll see if I get to go to them but I know I'll be drinking all day
np :D stereo skyline is so awesome!:)
CMGO... GEAR... AAVG all on high alert this week
She Said My Lips Black , CTFU !
sade will ease the mind
Follow me back? :)
no matt wise or jose cappellan? Hahaha
I was going to do it this morning, but watched an episode of Once Upon A Time instead- I'm still behind though
I just testified. Now David Ries: security language impt: not a set it and forget it situation.
Internet issues kept us from tweeting a lot from the exhibits, but we had a fantastic time at #AWP12. Great to see everyone!
I do it to its worse when I put something in the oven and forget to turn it on... Hehe
So much #IB homework... at least its the
totally fine! Just taking some deep breaths! :)
Happy #Friday ya'll!
My dad stole my gummy worms UGH!!! I thought I hide em >.<
Something worth noting, this is the first race Honda has not won since 2005.
are the for real & do the need to go out and get some pitching to compete?
.. it dont matter how many steps u take into the woods... it only takes 12 to get out
Ima write you a cute ass text then you can post it on twitter; ? <33
Had to make some tough but necessary decisions today. How was your day tweets?
If only closed minds had closed mouths...
Single ! :D Even Though Tomorrow would have been our first anniversary we just feel better staying best friends <3 I still love you Andrew!
Suzi fake ass.
So as you ponder the future and your possible work in Lat. America, be encouraged by someone like David E. Davis. God bless
With 2 minutes to spare, it's #MellowMusicMonday ! Today's pick is Lucky - Jason Mraz Feat. Colby Callait
what song is this i like it i want it in my life
God I'm such a bore! All I did today was take the ACT go to my mom's and laid in my bed for 5 hours starting at the ceiling.
I know he does, but following me on twitter doesnt mean anything. And im sure he wouldnt want to be harrased by some crazy ass fan
“: Larry Bird>pat riley”RT
Busy folding programs for Wednesday!
got a couple bottles, but a couple ain't enough. BOTTOMS UP!
#askmaci what do you think of the song call me maybe
I hate the Insanity warmup, but I killed the workout. In the ZONE!
don't play with my emotions.
Stinging gas sends May Day protesters fleeing - The Seattle Times
Never hand an ill workman good tools.
Congratulations. Let's talk--happy to help you. On vacation next week..but looking forward to hearing more.
Get your TAN on STANDING UP! **Become a NEW member TODAY ONLY and tan the rest of this month for FREE** Instant Tans are on SPECIAL TOO!
So glad I got to know you
for all u haterz out there screw u!!!!!!!!!! From me nd meggie boo(:
what's up?
Harry potter was awesome!
Thank you so much :D It really really means a lot!
Head over to Green Valley Library tomorrow at 2 p.m. for the Docu-rama Film Series presenting historic Southwest US Films.
Any new faves?
#MyCostume raw meat
RT : "These hoes call me Melly baby" - do I smoke weed tell dem hoez 2 smell me baby
Go Redbirds
Ah 3 bottles of wine later and it's another successful 20% off Monday at
*In my voice* chilllllee!! I love her!!
no im not
I stumbled across some poetry/lyrics one day that I did not recall writing
Happy Presidents day
RT ♫ New House Music Mix 2011 vol. 6: Your Ad Here ♫ New House Music Mix 2011 vol. 6 FOLLOW ME ON: Facebook: www.fa....
You have lucky chickens! Beans!
This summer. Stay tuned for a date...as soon as it's set, we'll let you know!
Beautiful night at social networking event with & , Nicholas! Was great to hear about all of the amazing work!
Last night I couldn't sleep ... I was up til 5, woke up at 8:30, went on a morning jog, worked til 5 ... Why am I up ?
My dad was protesting having to trade out the burnt orange for crimson & cream. Mention of blue & gold = end of discussion.
and now he's ejected.
Shaking My Head
ghetto pasta!! :D
Night night I tired
Thanks, Nancy!
Encounter with the RMV this morning has me rethinking my willingness to trade in my CA license & more officially join the Commonwealth.
I wish I had 10 Grand to get the gear I need!!! I need to finish this album!!
I wish this place had AC. Oy vey!
no need when you make 1000 dollars in 1's a night
Happy Spring! FYI: The vernal equinox arrived at 1:14 A.M. (ET) this morning, marking the earliest start to spring in 116 years.
you're not available in austin :(( .. thanks for the tease
Wow it's foggy out here
_-!!~~ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
My hairspray would leak in my gym bag and soak everything.
I wanted to see chris young so bad tonight.);
I called u RT : All that partying shit gets old after a while.
Pickling onions, making bread, shelling English peas. Just a few of the things we do around here.
Every thing gd wit u?
I like how you write about fashion in so many different languages..have you met
watching the house wives of Atlanta..man these women got to much money to be acting a fool on TV...
Well, it's the same techniques on both sides. Dem ads are just as bad but don't bother me in the same way.
Started my diet 2days ago & want a cheesesteak sub or some pizza hut!!
FREE car fluid checks, FREE hot dogs and a car show at Action Towing 275 Marketplace Drive in Henrietta June 19th 8-4pm
I feel united with fans given our joint disdain for #Lebron James. What a thug.
“: About to go to GameStop and get a Runescape membership card... Fun times ahead” that's my plans for after work...beer and rs
Wondering if and/or wear Vance Worley-like glasses when covering Philly sports?
And we know it's never simple, never easy..
Let's nip this in the bud then & stop telling people what to do
Thanks for the #FF! Have a creative week
It was a pink worksheet i believe. But i'm not gonna be in class tomorrow
Follow me:) We have the same birthdayy<33 April 24th!!
I wanna not dislike him, as a CFC fan, but when he does crap like that it's hard to support him.
getting drunk texts from somebody you used to like <
Love is a decision we make about how we treat other people.
my room is like a freaking oven...
Morning!!! Rise&shine☀
ik there freaking awesome I i heart u eyes brian
I've said too much already. My knee and thumb hurt.
Who's going to the Grizzlies game tonight?
you won me over last.week. #Teamyou!
its for a surprise birthday i just wanted to see if you and the guys could visit for an hour or two/cost
you look cute like always.(:
wonderful riff! love it, now I'm singing the whole album thanks for the ear worm.
Cool Springs with Mummy
what happened?!
Love was the best thing this week! And
Dang today's sunday school made me realize a lot of stuff
Overeem speaks! "Fighting is my business...it's my life...it's what I do best"
RT : Dear Vodka, you were supposed to make me funnier, smarter and a better dancer. I saw the video, we need to talk!!!
I don't go home enough either :/. Ah yes law school! I think I knew that! Good for u ;) how much longer?
You call me baby when you got other bitches sucking your dick :) #Priceless#
Poised Creation is committed to helping efficient non-profit organizations attach social welfare problems!
I don't know about you, but I ate like a bear getting ready to hibernate last night.
Stupid commercials ..
i got my phone taken away.
HAPPY BDAY TO ME ND YOU:)
My favorite song is a traditional folk song called, "The Hibiscus Highway".
Thank you for making this gloomy day much brighter so early in the morning.
lots of people are doing things at southern pacific brewing company now? haven't been there yet tho
Commercials suck.
Tell me what you stand for. Would you settle for less, or demand more?
WooHoo! We'll all be looking for it!
Loving "Thank You", super excited for your new album and happy for you! Get to Minnesota when you can! You are too close! Peace
starting is the hardest part...
stand for the silent, change this world and stop bullying !!!
Lelia F. Parker has officially been kicked out of my iMessages for the day...
it's a good pie but I rate it 5 out of 10 on a worldwide pizza scale #deepdish doesn't even rate a 2
It sounds like my upstairs neighbors are bowling with their dogs in high heels.
A5: The number of followers not as important as who those followers are.
leaving in a little over 2 hours.
Guess you're not on your way to Pebble.....
So...a little stress fracture in your foot will just heal itself eventually right? Yes? Good.
they go thru a lot on the show. Ima say some prayers.
Whiskey and Coke is barely calming my nerves... biggest half of the season coming up.
Thanks for the post - great read!
aww! thanks and agreed.. still your secret admirer :)
I'm drinking coffee now, what does that tell you? :)
Never save a hoe can't even get a lifesaver
I'm Not Even Trying To Think About School Tomorrow...
TY San Antonio! Awesome pic! From the way things look right now, the #RedSox need all the support they can get! ;)
Open auditions for Harry Masengale's film, Cancer Rising, 8/1/2010 1-4 PM. More info available at www.whitehairproductions.com
I miss you. So much<3 I try soo hard to see you always in my heart my love
What's your favourite HIM song?:3
can't i just have ladies and not "hoes?" haha
So pumped for tomorrow
Gold Card week is coming up! July 1 - 10! 20% off purchases!
watching the kca's orange carpet :)
Business in the front, party in the back.
DAMN COMMERCIALS!
show choir is awesome! Any idea about what to sing for high school showchoir tryouts?
Hi Rihanna, can I punch you in the face for old time sake?
If you're not in Nashville this weekend you're missing out ;)
Chiefin' like an Indian!!
I don't like you right now :)
It's raining really hard outside right now!!!
thanks! did you move yet?
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
BOO HOMEWORK! :S
That's right. I can't wait to see what our actors say when "hijinx" is the amount written on your checks.
PickUpLine: I had a wet dream about you last night. Help me make it a reality.
one would think they were s, but they are not. Just a buddy in need of
Well, I couldn't care less.
New twitter on the desktop.
Which Walmart?
Thats what you get for not coming to the gym with me
Listening to reminds me of January 2012. That was a confusing time in my life.
Great article! I have been studying Coach Knights philosophy, he preaches being simple and executing. Not big on surprise & chng.
Thanks for the #ff Niki! Right back at ya!
Who needs tofu when their are all these yummy little chickens YUM YUM!
Anyone having issues with RG&E? seems my only resolution is to switch companies.
Started smoking again. :( Bought the patch... again, and will put it on tomorrow.
"Communicate early, often, and honestly!" - #TweetAct #sls12 Credibility is a must.
Happy hour in the lower east side!
he says so much shit about you guys and i am going to care less from now
I JUST WOKE UP. I fell asleep doing a practice SAT.
just do it :-) You'll see. I already gave you an example
i mean do you actually have it somehow!??
And for a minimum of one year. I have to make sure our home habits are compatible.
i hate ron artest.
tonite at red room: NINJA - moderately progressive nu metal band that will REALLY get you going
"I did not ask for the life that I was given but it was given none the less, and with it I did my best." - Mr. Eko.... Lost!!
I Love meeting people that make me Smile!! :D
This is ugly: The share price of AMR down more than 30%.
That nightmare had me waking up late.
Penguins- Flyers has been entertaining but some really bad hockey. Looks like an All Star game but with fighting.
He's got 68 already! Your name should be
Going to see later today!
i dont know I'm watching it on Netflix
#nowwatching Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2
did you get my holiday card?
#fb mobile hack going into html5 session
Rovers Holiday Hangover w/everlast new found glory four year strong n some local talent, 4000+ fans, good times, beer n music
yeah neither do I but I got really confused when my mom said this was in PA because I'm pretty sure the BBC is British and all
LMAO!! AYE, AYE STOP THAT LOL": Oh Shit ! After 5 Years Dun Got A New Avi ! *claps hands*"
Just set up a staging server. For documentation. Uh....
We want your Holiday Stroll photos! submit your fave Old Town Holiday stroll pix 2 us and you could win a Sunday Brunch for 2!!
tornado warning in Princeton, IL!
Apparently, she would have no trouble getting cream for the coffee I'd buy her #Heyoooh!
rent is bad, and you should feel bad
Today's lunchtime walk has done wonders for my back. I may actually survive this week.
that'd be super fun if we all got to meet partied (:
its not a bad word!
It's 3 AM. The MLA server is no longer overwhelmed. There are 18-c lit jobs. All is well.
well.. You need to talk to Sean next time(: Just don't get all nervous and choke up. Haha
It's a great day so far! hope yours is awesome!
Sure. What do you want to know? I did a lot. Some of it is evidenced online.
did you find your keys?
Let's not get crazy. Solid young club but don't compare to Rays, Rangers, Yanks RT : nats world series champs
20 mile bike ride done listening to bob anderson
lady gaga is a role model. maybe not for you but for someone she is so #stfu and quit talking words that you cant even comprehend
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms out there whether your kuds are human or furry.
ALL DAY BRO. TRYING TO MAKE IT BACK DOWN THERE TO FUCK WIT U.
you would be awesome playing in Coach Cal's system.
whatever dude I miss those days. At least you could get away with being a crackhead back then. 2day we get shit for smoking shisha
check out www.saynplay.com for your son
haha im working on it. Maybe I'll just toss something up on band camp or something. :D
We don't mess around when it comes to good food and drinks either ; ) Hope you ladies have fun tonight!
We are happy to be a member!
Very helpful, thank you!
80 days 1941 hours 116463 minutes 6987806 seconds. History will be corrected!
Good luck to all the contestants competing in the Oklahoma & Tennessee International Pageants this weekend!
Awww (: <3 Thanks again for having me out! I'm down to help any day! (And by any, I mean really Sun, Mon, or Tues)
GAWD! These Anti Smoking Commercials Scare The Fuck Outta Me!
I thought you'd like it. :) mine better be of Niall.... ! Xx
Provost Pauly: Wow. After Dental students erupt with silly string and one inflatable monkey upon granting of their degrees.
Hope to see everyone at Collinfest on Saturday! De Queen, Arkansas here I come! :)
No, I guess they're policy/advocacy groups. But is there money enough to fund a PAC to the point it'd get anywhere?
I call it 'tough love'!
I Hope Austin is going 2 have a great time in Maimi !! :D I LOVE YOU AUSTYYY ♥♥
ill never understand why you past away when i was 12 but i always have my friends to be there for me #happymothersday mom i miss you
#aaasmtg Cornelia Dean,Nyt science reporter asks: What do journalists want from scientists? A good story. A narrative helps.
You're funny! Lol
Don't let one bad day kill your confidence and progress.
O_o I think i'm in love....okay, not really xD But I like this guy a lot.
Voting none stop for tonight <3
Live your life until love is found
I don't high five Girls, but ^5 Canadian super bball gal ;-} Smiles
Dinner isn't complete without describing what sperm looks like
I wonder how many people will think that tomorrow the Moon will be back at its regular distance from the Earth.
You know you have a good show ahead when Producer Brian Grazer is involved :)
what's your skype name?(:
RT : Ladies WISH i could LUV #Palin #Perry & bauch. But go by RECORDS not LINGO! MOMS look IN2 4 ur kids!
take me to mexico
LOL I didn't realize that
None of the people I saw with green frosted cupcakes were heading to my office.
yours is more current than Lenny Melnick's 1969 strategy!!!
Eh, rain again!
- I like the talking babies!
I'm tweeting now
Don't work so hard that the things you are working for get left behind.
everybody keep telling me they like my accent ...what accent? lol..cuz i dont hear it
We're looking forward to it!
IF U WERE AT MY KICKBACK TELL UP PARENTS NOT TO ANWSER THEIR PHONES FML NIGGAS
shut the fuck up Shol...ur just talking BS for no reason...I'm picking my shit up at 2 so have it ready lol
The attrition numbers make a case for the latter, but that should get better over time as the misperception is quashed.
Thank you! Great clients, great fans. RT : Great example, Patrick. did an awesome job for
#16 every time something really bad happens to me I say: it was bound to happen .
Loved 's modern interpretation of "Othello". How often to you get Metallica and Shakespeare in the same place?
go Vulcan, it's cool - sorry, thought you said shape your ears.
How dare you loop me in with these losers.
I Really want to see the
Hitler reference!
Stickers are going fast!
Speakers who talk about what life has taught them never fail to keep the attention of their listeners. Dale Carnegie
Thanks to our #slbootcamp partner, , for helping #gamify the boot camp per-work experience. Sharing 's use of gamification.
Waasssuppp ? Came back to New York . Omw to another flight to Chicago <333
If you can't reach the small goals you set for yourself (ex. Getting places on time), you have no chance with the big ones.
Agreed, that is too cute!
dude I'm really upset again
not my style but the wife love historical cook books
u at the park today?
#trueblood is like the new television crack. It has me itching for Sunday.
Donna Summer ... RIP ... Thanks 4 your brilliance & inspiration!
Mark Sanchez proves that he isn't a leader by claiming new deal shows he's a leader.
I need new toys.
Happy Charter Day to ; the Mu Nu Militia on the battlefield fighting for the betterment of society since 1976!
yum: 'Orbon' resulted from "pollination of the 'Lisbon' lemon by a variety of blood orange"
Haha. I certainly hope so!!
people are so shady.
Good artists copy, Great artists steal.
No problem is w/o solution. Some onus falls on MMA properties/athletes to find ways to add value for sponsors.
I'm bad because the good die young.
Sorry for my comment but, she's not a real mahomie. Because a real mahomie never stop supporting him. AND HE DIDN'T FORGET US !
Don't tweet what u can't fly
I bi polarly love you
Hi Jack. I was looking through my BlogSuccess affiliate links and some are not working. Going to CurationSoft 404. Any ideas?
Don't wanna go to school../:
Heading home to
Lost one follower :(  how can i gain it bac??? O.o thnx for all ur love and support and mahal ko kayong lahat!!!
No show until the new year. Be safe out there kids.
thank you so much! Its a begining. More info will me coming soon.
Mad Men always starts out slow. I'll catch up with the season about 3 or 4 more episodes in.
So what ya doin' the rest of the day?
So Cold, There is a winter scent outside. smells like slush and snow.
today i had to say good bye to my best friend for 3 months. honestly don't know where i'd be without her
TY! MT : Proud to be send copies of Georgetown house histories to rebuild the files at the Peabody Room Georgetown Library
RT : Never assume someone likes you for their sweetness. Sometimes, you’re just an option when they’re bored.
#SMH I'm wide awake @#$%%* lol good morning world !
Social networks are for optimistic expressions and opinions. They are not for negative illegitimate bullshit
It's been an interesting day. At least no one played a prank on me.
I know, my mom is always cussing them out lol. She would switch but she doesn't want to.
Key stakeholders - consider those for whom your win is their loss, what is a win for that group?
Crap the suns already coming up.
Is 22 years old a good age to have kids?
Hahaha, that would be awesome.
"LibGuides.com are like crack" #EdCampPhilly pathfinders and curated resources
Time to pen the screenplay!
aww thank u very much :))
don't go!
Like ships in the night <3
Just sat through a good meeting. It was a lot different without Mel.
JDevis Mar 23, 9:31am via TweetDeck What does it take to get rid of the rotten egg-like odors coming out of our sewers? :...
Dr. Kumble Subbaswamy the Provost at the University of Kentucky - The first to recognize the uniqueness of EDU solutions of THANKS!
On that note night night and I hope to see everyone this Saturday @ Fire on Water, 518 N Water Street, 4-8...be there. It will be a blast!
I tweet WHATEVER is on my mind so... my tweets are real. :)
oh. i see.
Yo you watching the game? Lmfaooolkkkoooooo
Berkeley uses eScholarship Repository to publish content - other libraries (like Cornell) use it too.
Need ideas for our (delayed) honeymoon! Where have u gone that I need to go? Must involve a beach.. Amalfi Coast? Santorini? Elsewhere?
within as cheesy as it sounds.. I hope u can find it in yourself to keep writing.
Congrats on the move!
1999 was quite a year.
I'm looking forward to bed since I have to be back to work by 730am, in Las Vegas BUT I could use a drink in WEHO right about now.
I think it would be very limiting RT : #musesocial What if there was a new SM designed to be used by solely for museum goers?
I'm down.
Let the bitchery begin ;)
Ppl act like they to busy for me ..
You have no idea how much I would love that my friend =)
is back - he is such a sweetheart!
always. And btw, MISS YOU. Come back into my life ASAP.
#JDC session hearing about global JDC fellows. Pretty rad...
Welcome back to Milwaukee's , : , , and !
Jordan FLOCKA Hill
HAHA looks like him, too!
Humanity won't be happy till the last bureaucrat is hung with the guts of the last capitalist.
grace.yi [at] startingupnow [dot] com
Stay out of this.
Parade is Tonight on Tejon! Bring the whole family. Starts at 6:30pm, St. Vrain South to Vermijo. After-party is at Cowboys Downtown!
Anyone have some ideas of what to do, eat or see in London?
“: Your life will always follow your thoughts. If you always think positive, you're going to be positive.”
thanks man. Use code SENDIT at checkout and shipping is on me.
TOO Good
Happy error day!
damn js got news tht my uncle been stabbed nd got rushed to da hospital :/
You can't help it. Sometimes you just look at someone & realize that they are one of the best things that ever happened in your life.
If English didn't marry Math and make Algebra life would be so much easier.
Cleaning- 8/8/02 northwest airlines letter- your request for a peanut free environment has been forwarded..asked them to refrain from..
So many people getting engaged! Feel compelled to sing "It's May" (Camelot) & "June Is Busting Out All Over" (Carosel) simultaneously.
hay girl hay, welcome to my world!
Happy Anniversary, Lovebirds!
No YOU'RE the best host ever.
#Chooch at the plate
I'd love to be on the biggest loser,for my own well being. Pics Pls contact me!
Dear neighbors in NC: KY passed a marriage amendment. Some otherwise smart friends who voted Yes later felt hoodwinked and regretful.
Just being there for someone can sometimes bring hope when all seems hopeless.
Congratulations DePaul Graduating class of 2012- Stop in for a celebratory lunch with your family!
thanks for the follow
Today is going to be awesome. Quote that!
yeah, that *is* before my time :-)
his name is William
Hope everyone is having a good day today.
Its a freezing morning here in Chicago! Get event pickup information for events taking place at the United Center by calling: 888-493-0004
R.KELLY SAYS WHATS R&B WITHOUT THE R? I SAY WHATS GOOD MUSIC WITHOUT THE G? FOLLOW THE GIZZLE ( ) LET'S GET IT!
Today is National Pink Day, our Strawberry Margarita is sort of Pinkish, celebrate today with one or two :)
excellent, thank you! we'll see what we can figure out, then repost it here.
Yep, sure. What e-mail address should I forward to?
Just finished watching "The Artist" -- What an awesome film!
This rain better not happen on Friday ;o
AHAHAHA! It's true! :]
TGIF! 20% OFF any #Jewelry Repair Service! Mention this tweet to the cashier ;) #Paradise Valley Mall
typos add character.
Before you open your test, take a deep breath to relax.
OH: 1 I didn't know Vidal Sasson was a real person! 2 I've heard the name Vidal... on Dragon Ball Z!
NYC for my birthday.
It's the "Blame Up" factor. As long as you can blame an unseen force "Upstairs", you dont have to account for your actions.
you send it to my email?
Omg, I hat when people stare.
oh no! I'm sorry that you felt that way! It wasn't that at all!
Every penny counts even if it costs more than .01 to make it still spends the same...
No problem! The blog post was a great read into the multi-faceted variables of media and culture that shape youth today!
Note to self: incase you totally forget one day, NEVER FLY AEROFLOT if you value your life and sanity.
Damn, I like the way you walk (; #choppin'it
You are a horrible person but I still like you
it was awesome!
! v.: Representing #smcsac at #connectionopolis tonight are --be sure to say hello!
Ugh work is pissn me off today woke up n a horrible mood.. just wana go home n hav sum wine 2pm hurry!!
love that sketch.
Why can't I see my likes in archive (grid) form, - why? Am I missing something??
Exciting basketball games last night. Who is going to win between Kentucky and Kansas?
RT : Hello! I'm Elaine and proud parent of a 10-year-old boy! Nice to create a chat!
Best man Woody Allen?
Dude, he was studying trig. He can't be *that* much a child
Are you cleaning right now? Retweet this if you are.
": So excited for April 5th for concert ((:" so are we! See you there! ;)
:x hahah about that
rather than ban foie outright, I suppose we should 100% make sure California chefs use foie that is humane. but most meat eaters don't care
and you're going where??
Gm/ but gn
#bigseanquotes I need a crib a big estate i need a boat and dat need a lake i eat the salmon which need a plate which needs a chef
good luck :) and morning
#ReplaceTitlesWithTampons The Tampon Express.
So glad it's saturday. Today I'm Recharging my fabulous batteries because last week I was so tired I wore jeans & my converse all week.
#AllRelationshipsNeed a sense of humor from both people
well it's too late for...nah i'm playin lol but alright i will coon
Why do all the guys like the girls who have been with everyone but not the girls that are truly Amazing on the inside?
Oh man! I forgot to sign up. I want to.
If I could sit in a bath watching The Office while drinking sangria, I'd be happy.
LOLL fuck you.
I love that he has a yelp review.
They've shown us several possibilities. I assume that all will be revealed in the final episode of the series.
Graduation dress yeah.
#WeStoppedTalkingBecuase your baby mama called my phone with the DRAMA***
I know I've wished the same thing for a year to meet him and if someday he could live in Miami and look what happened!!
No, it can't be true! I need to know what is real!
"hold on I have to pee so bad it might come out of my ears" -my co-writer
you working out today?
Huge fan! Haven't followed what you are up to in a while. Works well from my Bberry curve. Site looks great!
#midea10so $50 for new music. What should I get?
more than welcome,,but truly,,thank you,,just for being #YOU!!
on the way to Dallass?
that would be awesome if you did that
60% of people don't like their jobs....
Hey Shay! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!
People think it's fun to pretend your a monster. Me I spend my life pretending I'm not.
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (12)
Man, that happened to me on a whole record recently. Finished mixing, sounded killer, then was sent 20+ more tracks per song!
talked w/ my sister and we agree that reading internet "comments" makes me lose faith in humanity.
thanks for the RT,maybe able to actually dine together since I won't have dinner service to worry about for a few weeks
I know right! They looked so much alike! Thanks for looking beautiful.
Dear and , can't we all just get along? ~frustrated pinner
text me
-- -my absolutely NEW favorite place downtown!!!! fabulous food, friendly crew, sexy classy ambiance, outdoor firepits. xo
“: do u do the online thing too?
yep! I will be there! :)
Follow me do I can DM you and I'll take you up on that offer.
Worried about my safety
This is crazy. When did we all get so old? Congratulations to all my friends graduating this weekend.
Have you tried Jing? I've been using it for years.
Getting ready to rock on home to my fam and can't wait to see my lil boy.
Helped another Main St business owner become more visible to new customers today... I love my job!
Thanks fam! Have a great day
mpzqOoCO6 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
corny ass ppl fuckin up cinco de mayo. celebrar with tejanos that do it right tonight (i.e., mi y ) wepa.
Can I go to camp now. That's where I belong.
you know it and it's GOOD :)
follow back :*
I wish I was still (decent) at skateboarding. I kind of want to get back into it.
Imagine if they'd built a "Republican car." It will only be able to drive in reverse.
I think you should tell us about them now(:
Reading alex's love tweets make me sad because I don't have a person to feel that way about me :(
I LIKED the Blue/blue version on Clkickbank - why did they choose Red and Green as a redo?
I gave in like three days ago too! Haha.
Inspiring speech reminds me Y I liked him. but hard to get excited again after the let down felt when little has happened yet.
howdy! Hope your day was amazing !
cant roll with the big dogs.. stay on the porch...
“: You only get one shot to parent your kids... Make it count.”
I wanna Dance and love and Dance again!! (:
I did feel like I was at a minor league hockey game in Seattle at that moment.
Overrated conference as usual. #sarcasm RT : 3 lower seeds have won #NIT games. 2 of those were by the #B1G: #Iowa and
sorry I missed Public Bar. Thank Goodness I didn't go to Bar Louie either - Duke watch party. I stayed home
Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c Cloud Control - New Features Part One
Follow me and get the chance to win 20K NX or Xbox 360 live Card!!!!
do it! I'll throw in some extra goodies for the tweet! :)
#blackwater RT Kid in Walmart screaming "i want apple" mom says u cant have apple honey but u can get some candy" o_O
Thinking things over.
thinking of austin whenever you pass subway.
Frank Ocean's voice ♥
just stopped by and got a free gift for having your app. Thanks
Bout to get this 2deep promotions goin
aww, damn. How long are you gonna be down? I'm in the Bay til Monday.
The red beans and rice were a total success. :) Zatarans has a wonderful recipe... with a little tweaking.
Help Trend Austin Carter Mahone!!!! :)
Yelpers who complain about everything suck mad cock.
Welcome to the Twitterverse, - opening soon by and !
Same old Laporta check swing strikeout
#Infrastructure projects like the Erie canal Railroads and Dams made America hugely wealthy and is sorely needed today to keep our advantage
Great. Now I gotta start trying for an Ultra Albatross. ;)
The Silk Tie likes Gary! Is high quality but less expensive ties a part of good financial planning? thesilktie.com
Exactly one week from now!
Thank you everyone for coming out last night AND thank you Black Cobra, Dog Shredder and LOZEN for absolutely destroying it !!
I will be teaching Hip Hop @ 7pm on Thursdays at Powerhouse in Wheeling WV for the month of April. Come get your groove on!
#swag is all in willow smith well she got young swag an so do
You is a God! Loved the smooth transitions in and out of suits, lol.
Todd Dekker has stepped down as the varsity basketball coach at Sheboygan Lutheran.
Ouch. Someday, I will tell you the story of how I succeeded in humiliating myself on Jeopardy, The Challengers, and Greed.
you guys figure it out and let me know. I need my ID for dinner and to get in and out of my dorm
HBO series. This is 2nd season. It's got me hooked, for better or worse...
Building forts in my backyard with my mom wish and were here
Jenel cant sleep.
I honestly don't remember the last time I had to do a monologue for an audition, let alone one for a musical. I guess today's the day.
5 magicians for only 5 bucks international stars be here for a great time
can't wait to see it. It'd be fine by me if you pumped out a film a year.
It was a sad day for dress shopping. Very sad, indeed.
Wednesdays in WeHo...acting class this afternoon. Love/hate.
get better soon
needs someone to talk to, before I go crazy
Just joined R&R World, not much up yet but go check it out :)
I've just come to read the meter.
I feel like Rose when she's about to jump off titanic...
At work getting it in like always
loving my job and my family...life good, God is good
. jersey sighting at the game. Also, hockey is AWESOME.
woodland? Damn dude!!!
MT : Israeli defense officials say they will buy military training jets from Italy - will still call on US to protect them.
all I want to do is sleep but my mom made me do crap. I just got up to go to bathroom only I am not feeling well.
I made wings and they had a whole food animal welfare rating of 2. Hm...
. Yes, it's good no kids were shot. But 2 r dead nonetheless. At what point do men of God stand up & say, enough? I say, ENOUGH!
Ok great!!
Needed some #Chinatown to inspire me ...
Wait. Why the fuck did I put "Laker"... I meant to put the quotations around FAN...
Just that we'll continue to be super awesome. :)
Bobby olive
Now I see that shirt everywhere on campus. But no one ever gets mine! Its all hand gestures, maybe its too confusing. Sigh
hear you are headed to Michigan this week. Travel safe. I graduated from pgm program at Ferris state in Mich.
Nene successfully singlehandedly blows this game for the
.: "like we did this morning, #Nobel laureates should always visit schools to connect with youth"
it shows lol
When I am critically destroyed after my first comic book annihilates all spatial causality, I hope that my followers remember how tall I was
Follow UnKnowntruths on Facebook. Click Like for updates on all books and new books to come!
she bad!!
thanks for the shout out, Janice! Hope you have a fabulous Monday, too. ☮
I have whatched all your videos like a million times and they never get old there hilarious ! :D
Spent $.97 on $6 worth of stuff. Woo!
goodnight, much love, sweet dreams to u, and God bless :)
I love u more
One way or other I'm getting YOU on film!! #TwitterMovie Just asked someone if you're riding your horse out West soon! HA!
I LOVE YOU! BESTFRIEND!
Monday is a good time to map out the rest of the week. Reduce stress and sharpen your focus. #Leadership. Don't forget free Starbucks card
Couldn't agree more!
thanks for being awesome and providing resources for me to help my mom have a good transition to Virginia!
Best quote style: . However, John Smith, a fellow at United Research Council, disagrees: "Quote" (40). That's a rare and precious jewel.
Would turn the second into the first, then array_unique(), then array_slice(). I think. Not tested :)
What Threadbird "Deal" are you dying for us to offer?
It's BEER:30! After that it's sketch o'clock
Let it rain let it pour.
"By surrounding yourself with awesome, you become awesome." Osmosis = "Here, have some awesome." - .com #KBIS Great Headline
why do i even try to reason with my cat?
DCI World Champions. Blue Devils
I hope so too. It will be awesome :)
Happy Birthday, Kylee McLain-Tucker. 11 great years. Thanks for "Ghost Girl". I didn't have to pay you residuals every time it ran on TV !
Your laugh when you heard me... was hilarious. :-) Ask cool kid if he likes Miley - cause he does...
After tomorrow I'll have less stress thank God 🙏
Cheese-Bacon sandwich feat BBQ sauce...Really enjoyable.
I already did all that stuff
That was a bad way to end the season for the Brew Crew. Hopefully we don't lose Prince and go get them again next year.
Going to school feeling confident!
Kobe ain't Jordan!
yes we need to all get together soon!!
I think it's Lloyds favorite memory. It's mine. Having Mia 2nd.
Not too late to get tickets for tonight's show at the Palm Beach Improv with Eric Myers and myself 561-833-1812!!!
You're welcome
Me either! A colleague called me and the only reason I knew what was going on was bc of Twitter.
GoodMorningg All My #teamlesbian Cuties!!! 😘 (And You Other Cutie Followers too lol)
And , of course! RT : Big props to and at #jimmyjohnsmidtowne for staying alive today!
When I am feeling blue... I think about how a T-Rex's arms are too short to clap... - #ItstheLittleThingsinLife!
Off to run a panel about working in independent schools at the #nysais job fair to promote diversity. Then interviews
This is shit,seriously
yo you're rubbing of on me cause this verse I wrote I just got HELL cocky lol
will get little bro a set schedule starting next week - sound good?
3rd shift flow
I just unfollowed so many people.
wow, that is amazing. congrats!
Just added: March 19th, 2011 show at the San Mateo Performing Arts Center!
you can't change her...
student quote: "Life teaches you about failure by living through the good times and bad times." #Learn2Fail at
Favorite video ! Right By My Side - ft
The LaZombies were on last night live cam from NBC LA #fb and they even mentioned us dancing to Thriller
tweeting you whiile in school<3
San Diego has a corrupt Family Law System. 1000's of Children/mum/dads lives changed forever..nightmare too. Help us Dr. Phil.
Want a giant check for your Marquette Student Organization? Register for the Fall 2012 Career Education Scholarship with by 4/25/12
shut up bro
working! U?
Mane I swear I'm on my level
hey hey hey
watching Basketball Wives and im not feeling it
I just spelled parallel right on the first try.
scoop em in.
I adore my husband!! Yeah, I know I talk alot of shit. But I love him so much!!
what up u.... How u doin tonight
