I enjoyed last night's exhibition of juvenile dancing at O'Brien's Dancing Academy.
my family says i have the body of a stripper. um, thanks?
followed by ODD MAN OUT! too late for such a good pair
come get your daily smog check up at Moreno Valley Test Only
#FF to our Top Contributors!
You don't know how much i want to scream at the top of my lungs everyday that it gets closer to LIB.
The days I can sleep in I can't and when I can't sleep in I wish I can
did a casting workshop today with Joey Cee from Julie Ashton Casting... twas fun!
ALRIGHT. K. COOL.
email to get on the list starting tonight I have some very strong plays in MLB and NBA and we will kill #Soccer Sunday
Have you ever googled yourself? :] Love you
You don't know how much I like you, how much you make me smile, how much I love talking to you or how much I wish you were mine.
Game 2 will be a different story.
If you are new to Jazz, learn these 3 songs. Listen to many diff versions. Summertime. Autumn Leaves. Bye Bye Blackbird. Have fun!
Follow me please... i love always you...<3
Hi, we are a DC-based startup working out of the Watergate. We're market testing a mobile platform can we show you over lunch?
Save on surgery with the new online auction coming to #LPS by purchasing Bid packages as low as $25!
I followed(:
I want to run 5 miles tomorrow morning...
Marriage is full of wonderful surprises...like I wonder where the hair on your head went? Surprise! It's in your ears now.
Nope, we should know more on Frye tomorrow. I assume Hill will continue to be a game-time decision.
I'll go to the grave b4 i be a bitch nigg
Slept for 14 hours. Should I be concerned?
Hold on a second, I'm about transfer you to hell. ~Madea
So tired of this bs .
awesome, so lucky
Holy crap, Jason's movie won Best Short at the HP Lovecraft Film Festival!!!
thanks for the #FF - right back at ya'!
Thanks for spreading the word about our job opening.
Shut your dancing ass up Ryan lol RT : smh
Thank u lovely! RT :
MudWarrior, nap, workout, purple yams…all make for a great day
Pls follow me back so I can DM you! :)
When you drink too much water and you can hear it moving in your stomach
congrats on getting added to kiss concert :-)
that was very inspiring. You two would be the new cute coup watching sunsets.
I'm renaming-in my ipod- #madonna's song Gang Bang to Like A Carjacking.
It'll be worth it
nice stories lol. Wats up the names Nick
answer my dm's
#YouGetPointsIf you're a good dancer
Temple Run
That is the first one I've got right in awhile!
:-) Chad I like your Avi ,also the belt ..lol;-)
Super disappointed that the city didn't shut down this morning ;p
1st grade teacher: "are you a loser?" "noo...." "Right, you know youre not a loser."
I got the track back to
LOL Is guilt a good thing? I say it's not.
Sugarloaf Crafts Festival starts Friday 12/5 featuring artists from national galleries. At Cobb Galleria Centre. $8 for adults.
Thanks for an amazing show at the Ryman, and the 2 autographs you signed <3
I just saw the first ad for Diablo I... I may have just had an orgasm... <3
Friend just said, in response to me saying that I was getting up at 4 am to see Kate&Will's wedding-"Y'know,I've only seen that show once."
I see #Belly is trending. Is it on TV? What channel?
Pittsburgh poet Vanessa German says it best: Hate ain't sexy.
Do you have a pamphlet or something I can read? Because that's amazing.
I hate skis, I hate ski clothes. I hate watching people ski on TV, I hate goggles, I hate ski poles, ski lifts and I hate ski lodges.
no not yet :( sadly. thats what im for! to help promote him and get his music out there. please tell friends about him! ♥
Ohio's unemployment rate was 7.5 percent in March, down from 7.6 percent in February.
"She a womanizer,womanizer!" Bahaha. Epic day today...
RETWEET if music is ur escape from reality.
your up early... I just woke up like 10minutes ago, I'm going to school -_-
Everyone, tweet " SWAG " (: he hates that word xD and "grinds my gears" DO IT <3 (: please? I'll love you forever.! (:
I need to start carrying around an extra outfit in my car. I’m pretty sure I get more coffee on my clothes than I do in my body.
turkey burger and wheat bread m lol
can i apply :)
Just rocked it at FMU with her presentation: Social Media 101
ok thanks. Will let you know tomorrow how it goes.
Live Life to the Fullest
Yep. :) Random Veggie Tales tweeting! lol
That's so dumb! They should just go get potatoes or something! Haha
We are all here for a spell; get all the good laughs you can. Will Rogers (1879 - 1935)
Im all alone runnin scared,losin my way in the dark.I try to get up and stand in the wind,but i keep crashin down hardTHISISMYSIDEOFTHESTORY
At the Marion County Public Library downtown and this place is amazing.
�Before success comes in any man�s life, he�s sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when you temporally forget how to do something and you are just standing looking stupid"
I figured that out- once you have a kid, you forget to imagine that anyone is calling you baby. :)
Do you think it is ok to dress down for class? Or do you prefer to dress up for class?
Unfollow this page its hacked follow my new one
Out shopping and dinner tonight! Woo!
sweet! Best to you and your family! RESPECT!
Congrats to the Knicks for ending their playoff loosing streak! #knickstape!
Absolutely. Btw, I look forward to meeting you at the next panel. Have a good one!
Pretty sure nobody in Vegas has any idea who Chuck Brown is.
“: lucky” You can DO IT TOO!
Steve and I were just talking about the Rome trip, before kids... What a diff world it was! Besos, we'll toast you in Napa
Are you LPN looking for work in the Tampa Bay area? Send your resume to
can you follou me
Tweet me a # and question for an iconic boy
OK. The first speaker already made me crazy. #TEDxSummit. Crying and basking in the sweetness of the Qatar moon.
This sucks
I hear all these people complaining about long lines...Wait till you see the line to go to heaven...
P.s. You can borrow my textbooks so let me know of you need them
me to... debit card all the way in charolette = no bueno
I am loving Flipboard!
Why has music not progressed to the point where an artist doesn't have stick to one genre?
Cariboo is the favorite game in our clinic also - the kids love it and it can easily be modified to target any skill! ;)
Stuck at 511 followers... I wonder if we can get it to 600. Can you do this for me ? *puppy face*
Its business time.
Please follow us and tell your followers to help out each team member needs to raise $2,300 help us reach our team goal of $40,000.
and other boys, good luck tonight! May the odds be ever in your favor. :)
makes sense now!
Why when Soulja Boy rap , he dont stay on beat ? I dont understand .
CONGRATS TO ON HIS 1ST PLACEMENT AS A WRITER ON TANKS 1ST SINGLE, STARTING 2012 WITH A BANG!!!
I'm mad they had streamers. Like they won the 'ship. C'mon Knicks.
Did you know Las Vegas Fire & Rescue protects 133.25 square miles of people and property every day?
Having fun with Jim Donovan on Surise. He always makes me laugh.
WI loves r u ready 2 "increase our collective impact?"
It's Feb. 3, the first day of
I'm bummed I can't make it to the party - don't even know you kids but sounds like fun!
Just had a Krispy Kreme cheeseburger and deep fried beer (I don't even know how that works!) at the Ohio State Fair. I think I'm in love...
No matter who you are,people are always gonna have shit to say about you..
It's really great that Bass Pro does this for kids. They're Christmas celebrations are awesome too! :-)
That's what I was gonna say. You are a classic gluten intolerant case.
Her name is Amy Flora
I love creepy boys that think it's funny to keep driving back and forth by you as you run in the middle of no where.
You're already hot enough! Us peons will never catch up.
You can imprison a man, but not an idea. You can exile a man, but not an idea. You can kill a man, but not an idea. - Benazir Bhutto
deal :)) and I can also buy you a pie <33
RT : mustache sale @ my store this sat... Anyone coming to Diece with a mustache gets a free natty boh and 10 % off!!
this stupid #bestbuy #motorola commercial is the worst thing ever made. was there not a SINGLE female tech innovator they could highlight?
If far stars could see, what would they see on Earth? That it lives by half, eats, mates, sates, hates by half, while other half slumbers ..
Target will stop selling Amazon Kindle devices - Christian Science Monitor
why does Microsoft Lync not have tabbed conversations?
Chop't has taken salami off its menu and I can't make my faux La Scala chopped salad anymore...this is heartbreaking!
you're welcome. (:
I think the #GoldenGlobes is going to have some stiff competition Sunday night since a new ep. of #DowntonPBS is airing
Got your note. Thank you for the #followback! :)
Worth it! Have my Rob wig and platform shoes ready to go ...
What did you think off speaker at today’s North Luncheon? Share your thoughts with us.
gonna be dj-ing a party using dj sheepwolf. Try it out
so would you get her job if you claimed squaters' rights?
Sounds glorious
Stop blaming me for the reason we don't talk anymore
my phone would be fucked up, thanks to my case and screen protecter, I drop my phone so much!
Netherlands VS. Uruguay 11:30am (live) and again at 6:30pm (replayed)
i Just saw your video of you singing Isn't She Lovely you have great voice.
Playing a live action Fruit Ninja looks reeeeeeaaally dangerous
JUST ANNOUNCED: moves to , Aug 26-28! More exciting announcements to come!
I wanna ditch next period, but im barely passing that class, so i don't think thats a good idea. :p
got my back i see... thanks :D
you interested in teaching Muslim girls how to run a d&d game? Or running one?
ripping off Kimmel for a less than funny censorship bit - yer better than that Chaz
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
I think i'm gonna puke..
haha(: and just a question. why did you get mad when I told dean to dm me back?
Deron Williams needs a healthy center.
With baby out and about and shopping :)<3
We got rid of some gatekeepers, but there's a race for some new ones
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.
GIJ has staff duty tonight. Dinner summarily downgraded to pasta salad.
Off to this Rehearsal..then PROJECTS!!!! -___-
lol whenever i show someone a picture i always hold on to my phone and dont let go of it lol
93 civil service jobs moved outside Halifax | The Chronicle Herald
Too many are looking for God at the "big" events. Usually He speaks during the "one on one" times. Jesus had crowds, but invested in 12.
Tried Mass Effect 3 MP. Eh, it's ok. Just like 98% of other tacked on MP modes: killing waves which bores the hell out of me after 5 mintues
An exchange worth following.
First newsletter went out today. Whew. Now to start on the next one.
ITS ALMOST here! March 25th! Get your tickets www.MRCJE.com "ExpreSSion...eMotion is Power..."
Men hate periods too girls :I
One bird down one more to go!!
The concerns of #F1 teams seem to be about their own #security, not about oppression in #Bahrain. They don't get it.
i ddnt see him today anyway
Great Q! WFD focuses on hunger issues in dev countries, but we're collaborating. Hope to see events anytime between 10/16-10/24!
Thanks buddy, I'm super pumped for my first trip to Vegas, full schedule ahead. I'll see you in Vegas if not sooner, heidelberg?
i don't wanna wait in vain... for your love...
Toronto is a great city, I think you would love it! Queen West past Ossington area is the place to live these days, I hear...
#GLEEprom hope this one goes better than the last one(;
Keep your dreams alive, to save your soul, to pull it from the dark pit & give it wings again.
I am #thankful for everything and everyone in my life.
Night peoples! I miss u being on Twitter and being our little boy.. I guess ppl grow up right? Love you!
Thx 4 the follow. Please tell everyone u know, and help us find these guys! Do you love the music? Cheers!
omg cute cute cute! I love them so much. When I need my nails done again can you do the same ones for ma toes??
Uruguay coach Tabarez excited to play at Wembley and Old Trafford
Some great insight about #API construction from Give it a listen!
Apparently 20 minutes of post race analysis wasn't enough. We'll be on a few minutes late.
I'm coming SKC. Sorry I missed the first half but almost home. I see you're waiting for me to score -- here I come.
But that isn't what happened. Maybe less safe bc cops/prosecutors are lazy and go after wrong person. Now we'll never know who.
i need a night of plastic cup politics.
CP3 getting a little agitated out there I see.
30 minutes till I get hype to westside with love II via my iPhone
I have to admit, it's still the closest I've ever parked to something on carson street...
no more working out by myself! ;-) lol
THAT FATHER DAUGHTER DUO WAS THE CUTEST THING EVER. #AGT. ❤
A sad farewell to who grudgingly allowed us to pursue this blog. Naked Truman Capote fans are forever grateful
Night my little tweeters.
same here
im trying to get out off class so i can get down with this
Holly & Mikey <3
victoria angelica acosta loves me! <3
Today is the anniversary of the 40-hour work week. If you like this, go hug a union member (and ask how to join!)
thanks so much. I got my cards in the mail yesterday and they look super hot :)
don't believe a word says. #itsnoteven2weeks so
sad to be leaving melbourne today but excited for a few solid weeks of rest in SD before LAPC. gonna power through this 14-hr flight again!
WE CAN'T GO N THRU DA FRONT DOOR,,, BUT WE WILL GET N (PERIOD)
Great picture! What'd you do in the sun yesterday?
It is a Monumental Monday! Begin 2011 with a goal. Enter the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon. Use code tweet for $5 off!
I go without makeup all the time, so #SorryNotSorry for wearing it today.
We believe this stat. Too sad for words. RIP.
Yes, I am a cunt. But at least people aren't saying that me and my car should be class couple.
The lakers have won 10 straight game 7's @ home let's make it 11 straight
it's time to get a shiny new one;-)
ways going on wit you
I think I'm addicted to caramel macchiatos....
miss you too!
The whole year's plans are made on New Year's Day. 一年の計は元旦にあり。
Neighborhood 3:Recquisition of Doom opens February 16th! Be there or you've lost your coolness factor.
that's the only good song.
no dude, I haven't seen that. What's it about?
Hey there- DM us with what it's regarding and I'll see what I can do!
New age slave uprising !
“: App groups > rap groups RT : fuck rapper money, I need iphone app money.”
Got a girl in the finals of #thevoice. Yay! Girl murdered that song. "it's a man's world"
Meerkats over Bats
Lets do it follow our personal pages also and
Behind a bumper sticker this morning. "Thanks Steve, RIP"
First, Rock'em Sock'em Robots the movie, now comes Battleship??? I'm holding out for James Cameron's interpretation of Jenga in 3D!
It was nice meeting you during the false fire alarm this morning! Good luck on your #sxswi talk today.
we love your beautiful office, especially the rotating art collection!
Enjoying a wonderful cup of Rwanda Jomba Vunga this morning! Lots of body, low noticeable acidity. Yum!
any time Brittany! I never could have guessed the impact I would have on your life via pinterest :-)
Don't worry, I'll be back in the Weather Center tomorrow morning for Good Day Oregon!
Awh I've always been dreaming about that, rofl. Im wierd.
If students had access to a device, could the anonymous post-it-note be a Google Form, or Socrative question?
either Murphy's or Boone saloon. Just make sure you play with a band in your similar scene and you'll be golden
hahaha nice did you google him? That's what I'm doing lol(;
That MCAS wasn't that bad
Time to hit the hay z. Feels good to be back. Goodnight <3
I like when you say words. ": Fucking holidays and all this all couples everything shit."
Camren I love you soo much can I get a follow I would love to be a dancer like you
Greatest movie of all time! #SimonPeggVoice RT how do u make this night any better? con air is on tnt
Dental care Assistants can offer after that assistance with obtaining treatment for medication use
iPhone baseball tournaments starting up soon!
Big things are afoot! - that's a good thing!
Holy crap. 2 chainz is still trending?!
When someone says "nothing personal" I still take it personal.
Yes the Mavs are soft. Thats why they were down 15. But Chris Webber is an idiot. The game was over - Lakers/Mavs
Prayers go out to the family & friends of Whitney Houston, I won her cassette at high school dance in 6th grade
depends on whether or not they make you look good....after all they are #mizzou shorts
Great show last night! Thanks for coming out! See you Thursday at the Tonic!
"Soldiers from KS... made 4 widows & 26 fatherless children. Oh, what a sight to behold!" -Tate Letter re: Order No.11, Lone Jack Hist. Soc.
your up bro ...
Winning! We're cheering you on.
Happy Easter!
u smell *
Won't happen again
I was just told to alcoholically fuck somebody up.
on right now!
well I wouldn't go that far, but he's been amazing
#GoTribe Baseball weather! ☀⚾ gotta get the dub!
i gonna be a lazy ass and jus watch movies for the rest of the day ☺its monday.
bruins and TT look solid but they can't get lackadaisical in own zone...Philly is pesky and will pounce
thanks for giving me something to do tonight lol im goin to watch ALL your keeks :)
Should I shave my hair? hm
I'm dreaming of talipia, side salad & jumbo shrimp cocktail. Sadly, crunchy fish sticks & mixed veggies on the menu 2nite.
Like tossing a match on a kerosene soaked barbeque - starting a war.
thanks for the RT :)
I can't wait to see Alona on Pretty Little Liars!!!!
Time to hit the ground running. With this weather, how can you not?
good! what you doing for your birthday??xx
have them call us we can talk about what the goals are, and I'll have a few questions for them. 623-255-4088 ext1 9 to 5 mst
this weekend was way too fast...kill me now
#imagine Liam climbing into your window at night and then going under the covers to sleep with you.
DV's Seattle office is moving in a floor below us this week. Jelly?
Yes please :)
Any conference where participants bring their laptops.
DYK...The first Ronald McDonald House opened in 1974 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
I have a girl crush on Tina Fey. I want to be her when I grow up.
Yess I am jelly
I've wanted the good ol' USA to get rid of pennies & #nickels and start rounding to save money and make things more convenient for everyone.
Things just keep getting better and better.... my testimony in two words:, KEEP FAITH :)
The Art-a-thon is a lot of fun! Only three hours left!
Woke up to what sounds like a pretty epic Easter egg hunt in the neighbors' back yard.
"Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real." - Tupac Shakur-
Get frozen and can't breath.
this indication that American should reconsider grabbing international business more readily is a worthy topic.
University of Utah an incubator for graphic arts genius - Deseret News
CAN IY GET AH FOOT MASSAGE PLEASE!!!!!
Aye everybody is going to be on Oprah's
Extremely tired.
Way to go to my 2 y/o who is letting me virtually attend #ncph2012 #oah2012 today by not being overly demanding.
young man. How's the family? Tell your mom and sisters I said hi. I see you doing well for yourself. Keep up that good work.
If Boston losses against ATL that's pathetic as hell!!! #JustSaying lol
I had her second bell..
CUTE U SEXY CHICK
"gata fiera 2012" Lmfaooo Thought of that randomly this morning and it made me die laughing all over again. :D
who you kidding, honey? we are ALL sweating in this heat. even indoors in the AC.
Its sad my grannie get more love than I do at MY JOB. Smh lol
Just watch Fox 24 hours a day, won't miss anything I'm sure.
Thank u
Learning about using the LC Classification P Schedule.
The Harlem Globetrotters are here signing autographs and taking pictures with our families!
#SmackDown shut up michael cole
You're welcome, enjoy the game! : At the #spursgame with Great seats again. Thanks again
Why do I get so tired so easily?? Just took a 2 hr nap & had dinner & now I'm tired again ??
hey you won't believe it but my work tweet account is followed by Adama himself Edwards J Olmos :)
The great Swing, Soul, and Blues night is this Saturday the 17th. We will have the alluring Kelly Jo Stull hanging from silks.
A relationship should involve two people who respect each others rolls & as equals! If one falls down the other steps up with no question!
Pls RT Join M.O.M.I.E's TLC & the National Council of Negro Women as we celebrate the life of Dorothy Height Thursday 10am
Overheard conversation between two late middle-aged women in Starbucks about Facebook: "I'm getting friend requests and they're nekkid!"
4 Shepherds pie and 2 mac-n-cheese left. Who is going to be the lucky owner!?!
Make today count! Be a blessing in someone's day
Amare out tonight as the Knicks and bucks square off
Thanks! Send me your email and I'll send you are findings.
A new generation of coders
Also note if any one unfollows Ukeychyema will unfollow them as well. This is standard Twitter Etiquette
whats up DOC, you got any word on a good time for me to come through?
It is from before the 2009 season, so guessing Brady would be higher up now
Thanks man. Go Lakers!
after a good night sleep and a run I'm all smiles again!
lol you didn't give me a chance to guess!
I should start doing my math homework. Everyone else seems to care
I on my limit to follow people in twitter. :(
heeyyyy you wanna follow me now ? Yeah no? Kay
GREAT Magazine! Please have a look at Vintage Chic' Cigar LLC; think we may have some numbers worthy of publish...
We love it and hope you win :)
New EVERYTHING coming soon! Whats going on with you?
Bacon bourbon milkshake! RT : Bet bourbon milkshakes would bring ALL the boys to my yard :)
Sitting with and They just traded watches...
Thanks for your support!
The simplest facebook meme: "Sometimes, I just want to copy someone else's status, word for word. Just to see if they notice."
See 's latest tweet?
Activity is the key to success in everything so get moving. Keep smiling. #exercise #sales #relationships #weight loss
Two practices this week for our forthcoming EP! We hit REC with good friend Allen Bergendahl soon.
I had a wonderful long weekend with my parents, & a great time with my mother-in-law on Monday. How blessed I am to have such a fun family!
Happy Halloween Everyone!!
I freaking love you. That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you. site is on my profile. :)
Ok, a lil to much of a Yankees feel in that one. ;) RT : The flyers win! Thaaaaaaaa flyers win! Homerun pronger =)
"Certain things in life are meant to be understood, others, well let's face it, who gives a f***."
Morning! It is way to early to be awake on a Sat
2nd night in new apt. Love the new place but still not sleeping quite right...
considering the Feds supposed data mining power, you'd think they'd quickly catch the anon email Pitt bomb threat maker
It is a gorgeous day today......happy weekend!
I'm kinda tired :| went at the bookstore to buy the book that just said to me :| Gonna read it later, feel so exciting!!!
Hahahaha productive right there.
Matt, get ready to be surprised.
I love how beautiful is. She's cute, funny and so down to earth. You have all the makings of a superstar. Keep doing your thing.
Unplug a little while since the weather is warmer & the days are getting longer. A more analog-tech balanced life is the life for me.
i wish these clothes would wash, fold and put themselves away! how amazing would that be?
Not soon enough!
Keith Ur-Ben Folds 5 Finger Death Punch
Droid X it is.......just getting 2 know her
#Romney is one helluva front-runner. Having to steal #Michigan delegates from
YAY!!!!! We cannot WAIT!
Thank you for your support, Kate! I am sure your network will have great input.
"Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal." Arthur Schopenhauer
Monitoring on Twitter so I know when I can finally get a popcorn treat in Farragut. Popcorn = my kryptonite. Can't resist.
Am sending Extras to you as well...we had an overage.. Stay Sticky~
So, I never win anything. Congrats the winner of gift card to Beers of the World for #acbw ...
Not even mad. First time I've ever seen a no-hitter from start to finish. Unfortunate it was the #Twins tonight, but oh well
Missed you, too! On my way to L.A. now. Just landed in Honolulu to unpack/re-pack. Take care!
I love having the house to myself....well right now haha
I'm obsessed with my new "Guilty" perfume. Thanks
Lombardozzi walks up to a Black and Yellow remix
thanks for the shout out , HOOOWWWL!
thanks for the follow.
dorm rage. You can have a throwback night, except it's not even a throwback
Cheaters never win
Okay now ladies!!! If u kno u bhadd!! Song will never get old :D
16 Inch Wheels Bargain 16quot Dodge Avenger Chrome Hubcaps- chrome hubcaps
Wake up Niggy!!!!
The Robot Cafe is closed until June 3rd. But dont fret, vending machines & coffee machines are always accessible on the ground & 1st flr
I'm off at 6.
연대? Spoiled brat. But yeah, I'll marry you. Next week? Yeah, why not.
#WCIDetroit neighborhood opportunity breakfast
Sharp Chula Vista volunteers donated 40,000+ hours of work in 2011. That's more than $1 million saved in labor costs. Amazing!
your welcome. Really exciting original sound. Cannot describe how amazing Romeo and Juliet sounds from a listeners perspective.
No, false alarm
Good morning Tweets and Fbs!!
When we watch boyfriend video ; " OMG, i'm dying! I'm pregnant now " ! Lmao, only beliebers.
#andrewbird was fantastic. He even played a #Townes tune. Made me smile.
Top Top Natural Breast Enlargement Products Reviews?! #britishbelieberswantboyfriend James Cameron
No but my friend & hubby are going there for their 40th anniversary so I wondered if you had a hook-up!
Study finds that 'Raining Blood' is the best song to start a run to
woww! hey wendy hope all is well. havent talked to you since we had you on our morn show at power 92 chicago
Wait a minute. Cousins can get married in North Carolina but same sex couples can't?
"If you can find it in Wikipedia" (for background), "you can find it somewhere else" (for better source & to cite).
I'm eating brownies!!!
Getting head right now from a ripped black kid who lives 3 floors up. This guy has some serious tongue muscles, omfg. tryin not to cum.
Wrestle Mania was crazy had a great birthday off 2 bed i go school in the a.m.
“: I will never let you fall. I'll stand up with you forever. I'll be there for you through it all.”
Listening to Heather Haas speak about our strengths. Strategic self awareness!
": "karleeelovesyou: I love it! ♥" Thanks bby <3" you're welcome :) love yoou!
what do u wanna hear? maybe some ?? taking ur requests at 877-999-1015
Trivia of the day: Saint Martin Parish is home to the world's largest freshwater river basin, the Atchafalaya Basin.
whenever I would happen to run into 1 of them it was always hugs happy 2 see then & once we exchange #'s, no response. Smh
I really don't understand....I really don't...
Get ready in 20 minutes? Challange accepted.
Loved it regardless. And OMG. Did you read the 1997 version? So "devil wears prada." Miss you Mr. Moses.
sweet dreams
cataloging at job # 2 today and listening to "this book is overdue!"
Congratulations to the men of Kappa Alpha Psi on 101 Years. Happy Founders Day.
This licensing company wanna license some tracks for some commercials and films. i already got enough on my plate. I need another me.
OK, maybe that was a trick earlier...
Republicans aren't going to applaud the idea of more American jobs? Honest to God? Wow.
Totally made SDCC Hotel Reservations our bitch this year. #SUCKIT!
all eye can say is....."one leg" and eye was still close.
Dude dont apologize if u didnt do it u didnt do it
That buffer ain't gonna write to itself.
#stm2012 Big science is top down ; grandees want to maximize impact of budget; sequencing will continue to increase if total costs drops
I aM Water.. is the Mann is My Inspiration!!
have you been to a bulls game?
The January 29th show is going to be amazing! Get yiur tickets now at www.cagestars.com featuring the band Jackie
Really. My next day off is Xmas eve, how am I suppose to get anything done. 9 days of customer service.
Send an email to to find out how you can advertise the sale of your home FREE! First 5 qualify...
Any deals coming up for Admirals games?
awww shit.y'all be gettin ur party on..i ain't mad at cha...tell babe girl I said hi since I texted her and she didn't hit me back
First outing of the season today! Let's do this!
Jason Rogers is heading back to the . Congrats, !
#Bagel Friday on a Wednesday! Thanks you made my morning and its not even 9AM yet!!
"You are what you think about all day long." - Dr. Robert Schuller
Neither of those will need an outline! #Ijustdecided!
#SomeWhereInTheHood a chick Is aborting her child
it says it's an ATO release...as in ATO records? Error? Or is this really happening lol
Ty, enjoy Netflix as much as you can. We just started Ironclad, so far, pretty good
Thanks for the feedback- I thought it would dialogue to shipping. Pay-PAL! *shaking fist* I'll fix it post-haste.
So, the reality that you had as much chance of being elected president as I do finally set in. Go back to corrupting Texas.
The scientist - Coldplay. #Describes my mood
20 minutes in to my 2 hour drive and my cat pissed in her cage........fuck me
ilove ur eyes for real they are pretty!":)
Am I the only one who thinks that the secret service should have all the hookers they want? I mean, I'd blow them all, if they needed it.
thanks my G.The team and I appreciate that indeed.
Smh lol ": I'm going to start rapping again"
thought he was dead
Good Morning LA!!! We're baking!! Check us out on Facebook to see what's fresh out of the oven! Lots of new goodies. YUM. tell a friend. xo
watching double dry socket get filled. Not nearly as fun as your day.
AC reduces fuel efficiency by up to 10%. Avoid using the AC by rolling down the windows at speeds below 40 mph.
-- had an amazing time tonight. Danced my ass off. But, the only thing I woulda changed was if she was here. Oh well. Ill c her tomorrow. :)
Theres a side of you that i never knew. .
thank you! And happy birthday to you!!
follow us !
man turn on THIS! There is some weird Jesus crap on!
my 11:11 wish is for you to follow me <3. I hope it comes true :)
Friday NIGHT in da HOUSE!!! Get CURRIED Away and have a GREAT WEEKEND!!!
Agreed. “: Offense has real potential. Oddly enough like where #Huskies are at going into Pac12 play...my optimism justified?”
omg were you watching dancing with the star ?!
Started our famping trip with tomato soup and grilled cheese. #FakeCamping next up, living room tent.
Abstract Impressionism at www.timhovde.com - See the latest paintings!
curiosity got the best of me!!! ;) I'm 31!!!!
What in the world? Longest commercial ive ever seen...
I giggle every time Samuel L. Jackson says "hotspacho".
Pastors spending time preaching against gay marriage when we got states with incarceration rates 10x that of Iran. Mostly black & brown men.
Grab ur friends to rock the red 2nite of reston &watch take the series. Drink specials, huge screen!
Great job Howie - beautifully done!
Still has pink eye. It won't go away!!!
Don't forget to enter to win some free stuff @ www.fivepointsusa.com
I guess I just took all of the Russians vs. IRA undertones to mean it was a nuke.
I'm breaking up with the fashion industry.
I'm sick for dat
K ask cuz I was just bout to get in oovoo wit her but I missed her call
Fun with signs. A restaurant near my house in Chicago is the Diner Grill. At least that's what one sign says. The other says Dinner Grill.
On my license says donor, saving one life at a time.
I still can't believe you got me this watch
Definitely! I hope he's as funny as Peyton. He was hysterical! His United Way sketch was the best. Can't wait.
Forgetting your charger up stairs! 👎👊👋
#ThingsIReallyCantStand When people flirt with my girlfriend.
DC: 'Thoreau of the beat generation' and Pulitzer-prize winner Gary Snyder reads at the tonight |
I actually haven't. No one is replying. Would you like to help me with my project?
the game made a career off it!
RT Honesty can keep you safe, but if you can’t be trusted, you trap yourself. -Proverbs 11:6
Finally I can see the sun! Time to walk the lot and get tan :)
Looks like it's just gonna be you and me tomorrow! And our parents :P lol
GO INSANE GO INSANE THROW SOME GLITTER MAKE IT RAIN~ <3 asdfghjkl nick my bby!
They just want everybody on the knicks to foul out
are you still in london? are you coming to visit the us anytime? i miss you!
Whats your opinion on Antonio Gates this year?
Still dreamin bigger than I live.. Just sleeping long enough dream..
Going to go get my fitness on @ Lifetime! :-P
At the Library Drink Up @ Cheers!
There is apple mail it's called me.com. Lole
Hey fans, new team drink is an old fashioned. u know y? Cuz I'm gonna drink a shit ton of them while we WIN GAME 7 BITCHES!!
Great game
LOL at you calling yourself a TNA fan when half your timeline is shitting on them. Dumb bloke.
I wish it was a joke. I really wish...
Thinking happy thoughts: When the Beavers left Albuquerque for PDX, Albuquerque got a new team in 2 years.
I listened to the new podcasts this morning on my way I work. I'm turning into oh my.
Hard work & dedication pays off $$$ school flow .
Put your soft drinks on sale, boys. The cost of a 12-pack is obscene.
:) spam spam spam
": I rather be broke together than rich alone" #Zeetism - tha Evolution
Rooting for Nets to win last game in Jersey & for to take care of business vs Raptors. Could set up huge game Wed. vs 76ers in Milw
oh that sounds lovely! You should do it!
Hm I have to think about it.
| Silly...yes, we believe in fun! After all, how many penguins do you know that wear a snappy green vest, tie and derby hat?
The kool-Aid I made last night...
Morning!! :o You should have a Apple for breakfast.
okay whatever bro you change teams every other year. What's next giants. Packers. Patriots? Such an expert analyst
you could get a start with Can I See Your ID? by re people living double lives
hahahahah... I mean?? Is it just me or did this just get awkward?? Lmao
anyone wanna eat some chicken and watch the michigan game!
And they are now starting to form.. Playing very good baseball in a weak division
I'd feel unloved if my mom got rid of me @ 5:30am every morning
Nicki Minaj is an actual recording artist? I thought she was a comedian impersonating a musician.
Have yourself a #HumpDay treat! Come by the and see what their vendors have to offer!
RT : TODAY: Tweet us the url of your favorite fb brand timeline. Most innovative gets 20% off Pivot 2012
you need to do p?
U can either focus on whats tearing u apart or whats holding u together
Ugh I don't want to be here
“: Being positive does not mean ignoring the negative. Being positive means overcoming the negative.” YES!
Hey it was a great night and I bumped into some old faces too! We need to give you a HD.
Hey all! Sorry for any stray tweets or DMs -acct got hacked, but now is all fixed! Watch out for those spammers, don't click strange links!
En el salon💇💅
Thank you Dawn!
I killed two birds with one stone: found a husband and a bartender in one person. :-) But he can't cut hair.
Congrats to on his induction to the ring of honor, one of the greatest American born hockey players of all time
Incredible visuals. they really compliment your words. inspiring.
Not until September I think. :( Rangers already played them before Will was called up. It will be an away game so I won't go.
thanks for the FF!
#OWIF: We're in the old dining hall of the riverboat; nothing in here seems rusted or falling apart.
It was a fantastic ninth inning for the #Brewers, but in the end, it's another tally in the loss column. Not what we need.
You guys know what Mondays mean at Goldfish??? All bottles of wine and champagne for 1/2 price all day today!
Two job interviews in one day takes it out of 'ya. I will sleep well tonight!
So exciting and inspiring to hear folks from the country's school districts discussing how to improve communications with teachers, parents
thanks for the love!
well... that's kinda funny :p
come to the Burgh Roethlisberger to Lebron all day long.....Tomlin is the man! We can get u a ring!
i rep the KROWN, SRH and HOSTILITY ONLY WAY I KNOW
yea, one of those sleepless nights. Frustrating. Thx!
HA! I hope you're joking. Otherwise, you're severely mistaken.
Hackworth: Everybody who had a little strain or pull is doing well - we should have a full selection to chose from
ay ma dude I appreciate the follow! Now solicit my inbox wit beats!!! Hmu and lets make music!!
No man is rich enough to buy back his past
I'm livin my life like the end is approaching
"Healthy veggie" sandwich from D'Bronx FTW. The name sounds lame, but this shit ain't no condiment sandwich from Subway.
Not at all. What happened to keeping the classics.... classic? All these sequel are unnecessary.
Well, you waited until tea time, so the addiction seems manageable. I think I'll join you and grab a cup.
#bbworl10 Ira Strauss, "34k content items in content sys shared to thousands of courses!" Save storage, save time@ Embry Riddle
#CollegeBaseball is amazing b/c I don't know who Ryan Arrowood is and he just shut out LSU @ Alex Box!
S/O to all my new followers!!
Supreme Court is hearing oral arguments on if Congress oversteps its constiutional authority on mandating health insurance.
Good morning Brittany! Have a nice day (:
Please follow me back! :)
thank you for sharing this is a great project! I intend to keep an eye on it!
I am going to do that right now!
My mother never tires of telling me that I don't have enough makeup on.
Cody followed my personal and retweeted Mira?!!! Am I alive or...
Thanks for the follow. BTW, if you get a second, check out my blog. Thanks, and RT!
if it says its a oem charger yes.... if not dont fuck with it
thank you, but there's no video o:
cityLAB is taking our first steps into the world of Twitter - "Hello out there!"
that is good im going after college to the army
Thanks! Are these the folks from Harvard? For some reason I can't open this from my phone but I will look later! #Appreciated!
Posted at the club spinnin ...err body come fuck wit a nigga at CLUB GROOVE
Perhaps a decent tagline for Apple! "No detail is too small."
NPlz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RT
I celebrated National Taco Day by eating a burrito bowl from Chipotle...does that count?!
happy valentine's day to my favorite #sandiego designer! xox!
National Media talking about #Jaguars? OMG, that never happens
Okay so at 11:11pm i wished for .... Wish denied:'( #ForeverHeartbroken </3 iloveyou so much Kendall! I will always love you!
I was right next to this girl her last name is Spradlin. That is as close as it gets
Come join me at Daley's in Astoria on April 3rd for good tunes and good times. Lots of special guests. Come down! Broadway stop off N or Q
Haha. Good point....
Finally getting around to reading The Master Switch by It's been an incredible book so far... a lot to wrap your mind around.
I've gone to concerts instead of going to prom/having a birthday.I dont want to do anything else
let's give a hand for bad attitudes and secondhand love affairs.
Jello Temptation Strawberry Cheesecake snacks... Freakin' Rock.
For months I told The Son to work on his report gradually everyday or else he'd be up late the night before. We're up late the night before.
New salt soak: Rosemary, Sage, Thyme and Jasmine blend of epsom, pacific sea salt, and dead sea salt.
it'll pay off one day haha.Yeah, you too. I didn't get to stay though :/
PGE says only two or three more hours! Yeah?
been doin good you?
yeah but how many finals has MJ lost???.......NONE! 6-0 IN THE FINALS & 6 TIME FINALS MVP....+ 6 RINGS NUFF SAID
RT : Need a fill inn -___-
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Props to all of the irish ( and the non-irish, like me :P)
Please don't sleep drive!
Follow me
Listening to "Ditty" from paperboy and typing year end reviews... Good times... Well at least the song ;-)
Ill save u.ur two
TV Show I've been watching: Watched Lois and Clark, an oldy Superman series from about 10 years ago.
Negative on sync program. I just exchange both to my phone and put the google feed in Outlook. iTunes I do use.
i am will smith
Wtf?! This is bullshit, its not a new episode -_____+ Oh well, at least I like this one
might even pull the air guitar.
Just got bitched out for parking in an empty church parking lot. Mighty christian of you, sir. Just like what jesus would do.
they are so good. I might save one for you...
just had my first acupuncture adventure with ... combined with today being the last day of my 11 day cleanse, i am squeaky clean!
Wishing upon a star for my #MegaMillions ticket to hit! When I win, I will buy the a World Series!
Were they plugin hybrids? No, wait, wrong campus....
Mark my words, we are taking over the world
FB Fahu Tahi () set to join the Jacksonville jaguars.
last practice with my "teacher" before the talent show D: scared but exciting!!
😉😏 great!! Sleep well
Running the ceiling fans. Already. What's up with this humid, hot weather??
Lmfao guess I should change my bio u know cuz I'm 14 and not 13 anymore :')
i moved away !! but r u trying out this weekend?
So gross! Lol
Hoping I packed enough black for
someone brought me a six pack of beer. all my vices under one roof...
"Bring me 4 fried chickens & a Coke"
Used to think love was all I ever needed, clearly I was wrong though; Lately loves getting deleted, they must be all cut-throat
Believe in yourself! It is the nature of man to rise to greatness if greatness is expected of him. - John Steinbeck
Big Data presentation today in NYC. Any other peeps in the Big Apple today?
Mitt Romney has a great challenge ahead of him in this election year
Drive sober or get pulled over.
you are just steamin
I love my mom. That is all.
MNA SISTER IN THE ROOM WATCHIN THE BABY
Now my neighbors are singing opera.. /:
check ya email jo
To Lady GaGa's Concert Born This Way Ball :D
im in!;DD
I wonder what christopher doing right now
Thanks for the follow.
A guy about to get back in his car just offered me his parking slip w/ 1.5 hrs left on it. Unexpected appreciated
With all the fab winter squash available, my baby food maker is abuzz with inspiration! Delicata roasting now...whats everyone else making?
my mind is blank. I can't think of a better tweet than this.
People change and forget to tell eachother.
Tremendous and full great memories! Look forward to seeing what the year has in store for us. You? RT How were your holidays?
Watching a PBS Great Performances of Tony Bennett's newest duet album as I work on my National Board renewal. Absolutely beautiful.
F.O.C.U.S Finally-On-Course-Until-Succeeding
Definitely watching The Bachelorette tonight. Proud of so far! Thank you for not looking like a crazy.
When you #workfaithfully, how do you feel you impact those around you?
Looking forward to SANS 2012 in Orlando next week. Facilitating SEC504 for Very long days but always an amazing experience.
Thank you Mushi for the info about Spirit Day..... always helpful!!!!(#####)
You've engaged 4 nannies in the last 6 months. All while wearing such fashion (red smoking jacket, flower appliqué house coat)
haha... i saw it was only like $10... do you have to reg. to run with folks? example, if I wanted to run a couple hrs w/ u all.
I need help!! Lol Should I plan my FRIEND<3 a bday party or a nice small dinner? btw, either way im probly staying the night.
By Love and Art Scarred just won an award of merit from the Los Angeles Cinema Festival of Hollywood!
: Are we doing Amir's birthday party tomorrow?
Now that is something to get excited for! Can't wait to see what Consuelo has up her sleeve! RT Marni for H&M Coming in March
If Google is making us stupid, we would have been stupid anyhow.
“: Literally loling at your 96.3 post on fb. Cherries? hahah” that wasn't me that was probably
Friend of a friend builds them, but they didn't have the staining, point markers, or size of our deluxe finals board. =(
can't wait to read it. :) how many more chapters are you planning for #ICHA?
I think that is a good idea.
WTF is Fergie wearing? And why is she clapping like a seal?
Is my Travy Bear. :)
Everyone dream big tonight!! Goodnight!
LOL good game to watch so many FT's missed
Not at all. RT Rather conflicts your single delegate rhetoric, don't you?
Gun Owners Action League rep on 2day trying 2 make case prop MA Common Defense Law diff frm FL Stand Your Grnd
agreed. If using a separate mobile framework, technically we could do it-- but becomes blurred with #responsivedesign for apps.
everyday 5 people post your slow jamz vid with on my FB feed. Nicely done!
Hi Eboni! Great to finally meet you in person on the One Love Cruise! Blessings...
Yes I do believe
Hey CK thanks for follow, looks like you're making some headway good for you
Very nice! What was the opening?
where is your obligatory "Finals in the USA" post?
I guess isn't gonna do her tweet attack :[
#Dodgers tie it on the single to left after the catcher drops the ball, but what an absolutely amazing throw from
LITTLE DO THEY KNOW YOUR GIRL...ROLL HARDER THAN SUM OF YOUR N***s
Blowing off a trip down to the mall for #earthday to garden instead seems appropriate
The end of summer does not have to mean the end of FUN! We still have a few days of our Yellow Tag Sale left!
my buddy's dad, Charlie Waters, wore #41. He broke the mold for #DallasCowboys wearing that number.
Well Paint Me Purple And Call Me Barney!!!! This aston martin is mine
It is friday and everything is happening
o ok
Vera just Alt +F4'd me! IM SO SALTY!
Is there a reason Bobby Massie fell this far? Figured he'd have went in the late 2nd.
#cosign QT : but the food is awesome.
RT : I'm twisting a haystick into a heart shape for SOMEONE SPECIAL! So that he doesn't freeze to death. I'm sentimental...
Three hour Online TA meeting this morning.
if you give me a shout out will give you 1( and ToastRedCarpetLive event)
thanks. Even librarians have lazy web moments :-)
March 24 430 to 6pm my daughter is having a spaghetti dinner and concert 615 free will donation to go to New York in July.
same! lol that's why I'm trying to get Austin to come here! haha
Who's wearing our kicks? Send pics.
Hey I sent u a DM regarding the GB game in SD! Thx!
watch it, its really good so far actually. No lie.
Seeing the beautiful library spaces of NYPL makes returning to my Dismal Cube even harder.
Some people will never understand but maybe overstand...
Marathon recording session at studio last night! saw the sun come up and now FOOD!
Thanks for the follow. Hope to see you opening day May 19th
Stand Down event outfits veterans for survival - Northwest Herald
Where did you learn that?
boys can dream, right?
where do you guys want to watch it? I've been in Chem. mode all day today adam!
": I need a double shot of sumthin"me how bout that what u think
Etta James, dead. Play "At Last" and sink into the voice.
The zoo is a pretty safe place to fart.
When will Outlook Contacts have a space listed for a handle and skype ID?
hmm thought I was only tweeting him, got any insight? is there a way to private tweet, since he doesnt allow prive messages?
Thanks for your kind words, Brandon. Let's make it happen!
I miss flip phones I use to text so fast without lookn lol
Come down to #PalsLoungeATL this Saturday Night DJ Lynnee Denise will be spining from 10pm to 2am. No cover
Oh I think the future of the building and the file are tied together. IF and I know it is a very big IF Ald Bauman
It's May folks and Memorial Day is right around the corner! If you know anyone looking for a great deal on a mattress this is the month!!!
I can't find that toy. I lost that toy 18 years ago!!!!
Work tomorrow morning. Boo. But, I might get to see a special someone named ? Maybe.
do you trin disaled persons in electric wheelchairs
batman and robin in a science class haha
Had to do some Tweeting. Working on many things, stay tuned!!
okay I get it lol
Change is also a training ground for leadership
Boutta cop up some new kicks though.
well 1 time and that's it :p
If the extreme campaigners against common sense continue we will have an all out "Religious War."
MLB Capsules - Opening Day: For openers: Strasburg, Scully, flamingos, Fielder
wish you were coming with us.
lol i love you.... beetches be crazy :p
Where the beat is sweet & the jive is live.
that should be removed as well for you.
Hey!!! I'll do that! I checked out the first couple but have to catch up with the latest. Talk Soon
Good Morning Crazy World!
This is week 2 of la savings!!!!
Wuddup twitter? Long time no talk
Apparently, getting pampered all day makes for a very tired pup... I guess we will have to put off our walk for a little bit.
Was asked for a recommendation today for a place to get a manicure. Genuinely not sure if I should be flattered of insulted.
#thankyoucody for teaching us to be classy and changing my life around<3
he's plugged into everything. We'll be sure to share if we hear anything first. cc:
please follow me so I can dm you about one of your posts on =]!
#Mediacom sounds dick-ish right now
when u wanna get abused in tennis?
Thanks to pizza, New York City serves more vegetables than any other US city!
Wen a boy u like is taken but u noe the girl he's going out is a slut or cheating on him u take pics show proof ruin everything!!;)
#rcdlc Bye Orlando! So happy to head back to NM!
Rumor has It!
Can you dig it? =)
wow! Just not worth it to me or my family..glad your copping my dude hope your safe bro
Tonight's intermission food topic: Beef and Broccoli or Chicken Pad Thai?
“: That Nickleback concert was fantastic!” <3
Sometimes you have to take a few steps backwards in order to step forward onto the right path.
where's my tweet? I asked why the troops march for Ron Paul at the white house wasn't covered in the news???
Schefter reporting that PM has narrowed it down to Cards & Broncos One source told Schefter that PM is leaning toward Denver
#RelationshipsShould be a class in High School so many MFs don't know what the hell they be doing....
A Mexican jockey won the Kentucky Derby. Happy Cinco De Mayo!
well like I said, it would probably cut down the j*******k population, only j******kers left will j******k for an unlock.
I swyped my middle name and my phone recommended asian, anthem, sperm THEN Allan...fail
thanks for taking it easy on us. Your guys just seemed tired tonight, definitely not 100%
Had a great weekend and now another is upon us. Back to rehearal tomorrow...
Power just went out at costco...
Yes. Why on Earth would you want Brandon to win?
Dear Twitterverse: I stand corrected. Say what you want, but Raven-Symoné is a STAR.
Obvi, we're the ladies...
#boo I'm so bored
Has anyone watched "NBC Nightly News" lately? Morphing into "RockCenter w/Brian Williams."
Rick Ross makes me laugh. rhyming "a-hole" with "a-1?"
So are you guys playing after the Nuggets game on Sunday in Denver??
Don't feel like arguing with his ass early this morning
hey u hairy bastard..follow back and i'll let u sniff my butt
I NEED TO CALM DOWN BEFORE I HAVE A FREAKIN' HEARTATTACK.
"Midnight in Paris" had a good weekend - US gross $46.9 on 471 screens, global $80.4 - VCB did $96.4 - with $16m to go, it's his global best
while we hit the club no shoes whessup
Thankyou. I don't h8 you I just want my stuff back 2 ! Lol.
On this day back in 93, I was traded from the RedWings to the Kings. Being apart of a team which included
What would you rather vibe to as far as music goes? High quality shit on a stick? or low quality Genius? ... I choose genius
Banging. Bacon. Eggs.
I always wonder what it would reli feel like if u was flying high in the sky
Loving this rainy morning! Sitting here with a nice warm cup of coffee listening to the downpour, definitely miss this from time to time!
I'm getting into it
Ppl be really dealing with things in their heads like clients I've come across that hear voices & they try to harm themselves
Eat for cheap! $6 for a Sinfully Delicious Sandwich and Fries ($12 Value)!
Why "save the best for last" when there is more best to go get & go around? There's plenty of "Best" to be had/received, so take it now.
hhahahaah kid ur tweets jus had me rolllinnnn!!! nun like a cig after a hot pocket and an ice cold tonic
Hey Saturn, suck it. Today is Earth Day.
Enjoyed meeting you yesterday. DM me your email if you would.
One of the reasons I moved to Mpls: I saw a MayDay. Follow em. MT : Goal: 2 get 2 1k followers by end of
Today I need my own under eye cerium! The Mom taxi was on the freeway for 2 hours taking kids to school & work. Now 5 hours of work+Cleaning
#FridayReads THE HUNGER GAMES by Suzanne Collins. Yes, I jumped on the bandwagon right as it starts full-speed ahead!
Nice! Those Draft dinners are great. I still have a mini helmet signed my MJD & Marcedes Lewis when they were Rookies
Glad I don't linger or hold on to shit frm the past -relationships, sour friendships, flighty feelings. I kno ppl broken beyond repair
RT : In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. Mother Teresa
"In the Jungle" was just overheard in this office. It's definitely Friday.
boy, the things i wish i could tell you;;</3
Incense burning means I'm gonna have a great night sleep :)
Hi Laura! just wanted to introduce myself on twitter & say that I'm so excited you're going to be on the 2012 board.
you can do it girl! lets get grown
Tami tryin to forget her past
last post was by request! cc
If you could see that I'm the one who understands you, been here all along so why can't you see; you belong with me ♥
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire
it shouldn't be the much since it's coming to the states. I'm on my way home
Chief Meteorologist Tom Sorrels joining us this morning. And lots of events to talk about. Who's going to the Leesburg Bike Fest?
make sure it's with an "a"
I'm in love with my bed (:
Can’t wait for the legendary to emcee the CODiEs tonight—sure to be a treat!
U wron Cc skip finally won, u said the man couldn't play! Period. In the league! Now what! And there are different levels of competitive grt
thanks for the music love!
All we can do is stay positive.
Shooting a spot for #Dell today and tomorrow with
I just took my longest (unplanned) #twitter break ever! I am so glad to be back!! happy friday :)
my bento by zojirushi arrived yesterday. The design is so efficient. Will tote today.
Jk still cute
Parker Brothers prints an average of 50 billion dollars worth of Monopoly money every year
As usual, I'm STILL up. Just gonna stay up, no point in just getting an hour of sleep on the last day of school.
NUTS! (but great!)
Ur welcome! Im really upset bout it too.
This particularly rapid, unintelligible patter isn't generally heard and if it is it doesn't matter.
Safety Tip: Be sure exterior door hinges are on the inside & not the outside. Intruders can remove pins & pull the door out of the frame.
Feel like I can't say thank you enough💛-it was amazing to see ! Hope one day to come back & appreciate longer.🎶
hello internet, do people still use myspace to look at bands?
Its fine.. im no one anyway
we think you'll dig it.
I'm making my computer say dirty things<3 It never fails to make me laugh.
I just need to give her a shoutout..she's on some real ish! Love it mamas!
Nl2 - take you down lbs
Not a sponge bob fan :(
Congrats to a former intern and short lawyer tweeting tonight. Love the handle.- Jeremy
horrible fucking dream dreaming that your boyfriend died in your arms & crying in your dream </3 WTF Now am sad as fuck.& its not even 7am
RT“: I wonder how police on bikes arrest people, "Alright, get in the basket.” << Lmao!
ugh! screw doctors and hospitals!<'3
And yes it's adapted from the books, but the screenwriters are doing a great job. Novel dialogue often comes off awful onscreen.
Sonam -"yo pick that shit up the coals on the ground" Aditi- * grabs tongs and picks it up* "yo wtf it's an Oreo" LMFAOOOOOO HAHAHAHAHAHA @
I'm late to first period almost every day
You'll see the replays for awhile. elbowed Harden in the head... dirty. Suspension coming.
SHE MISSES U OMG lol :(
I FREAKING MISS <3
morning guys: D
I stole robin a blue french horn, and I love her.
lol kick off those Sunday shoes?
BRICS. Definitely. Even if it's below zero.
“: Are any of my followers going to Bonnaroo? :)”
omg. what joke!? hahaaa
RT : RT : Showing off the future of East Hollywod: the proposed mini park & community garden on madison!
Kindof amazed ESPN didn't get a better angle of Harper's steal of home. Seems like TV crews should make themselves a Post-It: watch this guy
Looking forward to seeing everyone at our kick-off party at the Brazilian Court in Palm Beach on November 19th, 2010.
": I love hearing old songs I used to love. They're like memories you can always go back to."
Since you guys are dating now, me and are going to go to 's choir concert, and go crazy :D
why moving bac especially as cold as it's about to get whoa, never would leave paradise for a sewer again lol good luck ma!
Where do I find this at?
no fuck u stay awake now
just put in that work... nobody cares about who's related to who... let your work speak fam, it'll pay off, just be patient.
Why wasn't I born in the 80s!?
haudricourt always thought it was weird for a guy with the last name Ishikawa to have such an American name
Chillin, on skype with her, going to the movies later.
loved seeing you last night! Hope you enjoyed the wines! And how good were those scallops? Yum!
A true gentleman. Thank you kindly sir for your chivalry.
you are so right Wheels. Love your play-by-play. Thank you.
appropriately named indeed. They said he was named that bc the owner always says that after his wife gives him "cookies"...
The clapping/not clapping, standing/not standing pomp & circumstance aspect of the State of the Union is fascinating.
Follow me Christa!:D
Looking for new clients in the insurance industry. W.mwishartinvestigations.com W.mwishartpi.com
We've got a chef's menu for Valentine's Day Feb 11th, 12th and 14th. Make your reservation today!
Supplements can mean all the difference in your dog or cat's health. A teaspoon of oil on their food can help eliminate shedding & itching
e me so thank you for the inspiration(: ♥
Gonna finish this essay today!
RT : #phish #umphreys listening to mikes sit in with umphreys - haven't blown a load so quick since I first heard SCI's rivertrance!
I am listening to a loop of the Enterprise D engine room background noise, LA police band radio, and ambient space music simultaneously.
Dogs have sensitivie ears-remember that when playing the TV and music.
When are they going to run an NBA Cares about good refereeing in the NBA Playoffs?
Boo for canceling
RT : These women on Extreme Couponing are so fucking irritating.
March 1st & 70 degrees I'll take it. You shouldn't take a poopy yard or yucky litter box, 1.800.DoodyCalls. $20 off your first month.
Oh wait.... She doesn't have a Twitter.....
2nd to last shift at Changs tonight. Thankful for the job the last year. Still throwing shoes and uniform off balcony come Thursday.....
you still out of town??
thankss! ☺ and lmao that's gonna haunt me forever. It's a good thing I can take it as a joke now lol 😜
Is Kristen on twitter?!?!
#justice4trayvon please retweet this or share it. justice for trayvon, miller!!! we cannot afford to be quiet
heyy ppl go follow , , and Thety follow back + they're awesum!!
make sure to vote for campus cutie roman nelson for #homecomingking on WIN before midnight!!
oh ya very nice
Enough that you love me. World get someone else. <3
So pissed about today's NC vote results. Happy I don't live there anymore. Sad for those who do. …Texas is probably jealous.
Crowds Surge for ‘Day of Departure’ U.S. Discusses Plan for Mubarak to Quit
RT : Top 10 #ACA Wins for #Kids #7: #Medicaid will cover more #parents - research shows that = covering kids.
Nice. Clearly ready for the hard work of learnin'.
The greatest of our evils and the worst of our crimes is poverty
Lmao they get so annoying at times!!
I need an incredibly long vacation.
testing algebra tomorrow. fucking great. ima fail.
Hah if that. I jus had a nasty lil spurt. Cudnt get motivated to take ova mane
I dont mind (:
New photos and credits at #www.imdb.me/alexmontaldo
Sorry if i bugged anyone with that retweet session. lol :)
hey you wanna go chalking? like in an hour?
Get Cinderella never declined a ball!!!!!!!!!!!
Duke should offer any amount of money to Christian Laettner to make him change his mind about coaching.
Social Media Tip: Market to your target audience! Make sure the you post content appeals to your ideal customer. Don't spread yourself thin!
Deadwood set is Amazon deal of the day for fans that don't already own it.
Small suggestion: when you make an online instructional video, don't cast someone with a lisp who doesn't know how to use a mic.
Great progress toward our kickstarter goal today. 67% funded headed into Portland Boat Show tomorrow. THANK YOU
No power. Now THIS is traditional publishing.
Guy fights >>> girl fights
Anyone looking for a Korean translator with military and court translation background? You can contact me at:
Sometimes it gets big consequences for someone to stop doing dumbshit.
That's pretty cool yo that u make up stuff.
so... Does that mean it went well?
Did you know that there's an #ImprovementZone Twitter account dedicated to health & fitness? Check out :-D
What is up with this trend from producers not tracking out and mixing beats? Niggas just rappin' straight off the MPC file huh? smh
The now lead #Canucks 2-0 in the playoffs! #Lakers, #Dodgers victories coming up real soon!
I should start making all of my first dates at the gym. That way if they're bad I've at least gotten my work out in.
It's such a beautiful day for a ball game!
Better than I'd do, that's for sure!
is not wanting to get up!
Just wait until failed #NFL hopefuls start showing up in droves to your local #crossfit affiliate. $ ain't seen nothin' yet.
up Ron C
Watching the office for the first time trying to get over my fear of sitcoms
#WhyDoiAlways think about making ppl laugh and vagina
apparently the high for today is 77. instead of sunshine i'll be chillin inside writing a paper about childbirth.
Why did they have to unmask you guys? So steamed.
Bulls v. 76ers 35-26 at halftime? What an exciting game!
A new beginning....
youre a good guy. You seem much happier either way. Sorry and congrats.
Live tweeting #mmtcforum along wKristal High of !
#rvagptw Treat every interaction as an opportunity to build or deplete trust - from Great Place to Work at Snag-a-Job today
I've been in it since I was 7....I think. :)
New on tonight.
“: I could eat a dick im so hungry #nohomo” how about 2
#Bacon...that is all.
Please support #smallbiz, #startups & #entrepreneurship in the U.S. by passing the
Of course you can! You will be great!
Packer fans watching the fiesta bowl: when oklahoma st is on d keep an eye on #10 safety Markelle Martin
did u get that email? Coffee Mon or Tues? Im back Sunday night.
I bet the other munchkin in the fight looks worse
I automatically hate that bar.
“The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.” - Helen Keller
oh i feel
Pirates always lure me into being hopeful for next season...though the core is there on offense...need a nice cleanup hitter and 3 sp's lol
Macy's day parade! Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
The game starts in 45 minutes. Normally I would have been in a hour ago.
thanks! The first behind-the-scenes trailer for #Thor will be released in the coming weeks!
now that we have your #attention, anyone that you want to share the love with? we got the hookup on the new flavor
Whatever floats your boat! Ahh I can just imagine the outcome! This is just gonna be wonderful!
LMAO you Late af but yeah she gettin bigger every time I see her
WILL U GET AUSTIN TO SHAVE ME PLEASE.
Some of these kids have awful names.
- - Monica is amazing. You can tell that she is truly a genuine person. :)
I Love how he keep my body screaming...A Rude Boy that's Good to me, with street credibility.
It's never too late to make a career as a b-boy
Food Truck Friday, anyone? I'm going no matter what.
My heart has been crushed, broken & swept into a dumpster.
love you and miss ya. Hope we gave you a proper send off.
I LOVE U JUSTIN BIEBER <3<3
23 days, congrats! And CA? Wow, that's a change! Job? We lived in hotels around Europe for 2 months & then settled in Sweden :)
Thanku for your prayers
Bored here at work😒
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 70
Special morning shot out to the very angry guy who just tried to fight me over a cab this AM.
Who Tryna Drink!!?
I'm not gonna hate, some of songs go hardd ..
A week to relax and not think about any stress!!!
Making an apple pie, which is my least favorite pie, but the joke is I love all pies the same.
i might be interested michael.
males number 1 sensual spot is to kiss his neck and earlobes up and down
got my #marchmassness on with #teamgettinbig watch out
FOLLOW BACK PLZZ
can't wait to meet her!
On Jan 23rd the passed a resolution to sign on to Move To Amend effort calling for Constitutional Amendment!
Steven Tyler, you're not going to Hollywood.
I am testing ALL of your chard recs! So far, crispy baked chard is my new favorite topping. Also, chard does not work in a rice mill...
Hey 's pretty much changed my life :).
Glad to know you and the house are intact. Hope dinner was yum. Enjoy making it a terrific Wednesday!
Congrats on the new gig, Miranda!
Chillin in NY...
I'll fix up when back in the vice on Monday! Thanks! Cheers!
you're welcome Buckets.
I love playoff hockey. Go
are tthe mets actually wwinning right now?
tweet test
Bored as fuck
Snowed today.
i somewhat need a Guide to Exchanging Phone Numbers with Mutual friends' friends Etiquette book
Maria!!! break a leg!!! not my cup otea, but wish u best of luck! think of me is you need original music!
Far from good not good from far
Its nice out. Feel like I should be doing something productive... Like drinking.
Traffic is slow 465 west b/t 31 and Michigan
Knicks beat Clippers tonight so if Grizz win their last game they get home court adv. in 1st round!
I hate when I @ somebody they don't hit me back but still tweet that makes me see 🔴🔴
please do because I was wondering about that
You are welcome Melissa!! The support is getting even bigger.. All the Dream fans are realizing you all are back!!!
cebook page and like us.
Don't say you miss me, when it's your fault I'm gone.
Are you ready for live #comedy at the #strand near #indy? Good causes!
i don't even know what to say after watching that...
Let's do the Monday after next. The 25th.
Just made an Elvis Costello reference to a student and she said "Oh wait, I think I've heard of him..."
Question: How do baseball players stay cool? ** Answer:Sit next to their fans.
I am not
I keep saying to myself W.W.J.D. - What Would Janet Do !
I'm prepping for a course I teach today at Johns Hopkins on "Spaceflight and Society." We are discussing the history of the Space Shuttle.
“: I've got a warm bed and Ferrero Rocher chocolates right now. Life is good.” throws a bottle of wine at you
It truly is a sconnie world.
Sneak peak of summer weather today! What's everyone doing today? Pool? Grand Prix?
Dirty bitch dirty bitch you needa a washcloth & a razor and a and a razor !
: Talking's good, especially in Paco's little get-togethers, if he still organizes them.
Yeah. Feeling almost normal now... Little bit of a headache
I'm about to just tell him I'll see him later
I do not want to clean up our hotel room this morning :-0
Im still new to this twitter stuff! What is DM? is it a direct message? LOL! Can't wait to talk-lots to catch up on!!!
I see motherfucker!
Featured country music star ERIC CHURCH will be performing on the EQT Stage Wednesday at 8 PM, with only an $8.00 admission!
fat ass
To me education is a leading out of what is already there in the pupil's soul
Opps. Give me some??
If you come by the Ustream, hop in to the chat and say something. Otherwise, im just sitting here surfing.
oh probably. We are now those annoying people on twitter everyone hates
Hahaha, who would've done such a thing? I mean, really, literally
Join us in thanking and for making last night's fundraiser, SHINE possible! It was a very successful night!
If my ambition or lungs could permit it, I would travel the world stopping only for coffee and cigarettes.
Peppers kind of afternoon
These spammers tweet some really weird stuff
HI :D
as long as you're eating meat these days, i promise you'll enjoy :-)
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Dentek Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
I hope comes to NYC soon... Roman in Moscow= new fave song... How about Nicki in New York as next single??xD <3
LOL too much I cant breath... :D
⥤Reminder⥢ We only follow #creative folks. Thanks, ⥓#TheMovement ❄ welcome #newfollowers:
surprisingly, not all librarians know who they are either!
That's right, two for the price of one! See you there!
GOOD LUCK today!!!!!
getting ready for KW's reunion — leave bright and early tomorrow!
Theres nothing on tv
In the study, seniors took memory tests in both inconvenient locations, and familiar locations
Use my Mac Office upstairs for running my sites.
Rose has a torn ACL.
Thank you both for the lovely chat!
": #blackparentsQuotes: slap. DIDN'T. slap. I. slap. TELL. slap. YOU. slap. TO. slap. CLEAN. slap. UP? MOVE YA HAND! slap"
you don't think the availability of cheap refined food that is nutritionally deficient causes obesity?
I want another "apple turnover".
great thanks! and keep up the good work over there!
