I'm awkward when it comes to flirting
If I dare ask...how does one drop an egg cooker on one's eyebrow?
I want food!
most definitely! No doubt about that.
I don't ask for much, but when i do i expect you to give me exactly what i want.
I don't want to watch his old monkey face on American Idol, So I guess I won't be watching anymore :/
RT : Tonight is the night! Taping ep3 w live audience at 8p, in CleHts. Get your FREE TKTS starting at 7p
Game of the week between Crown Royals and WTF R U Ewing tips off in a little over an hour #CanTheyStopChet?
It appears that Kobe has spent the summer modeling his game after Steve Blake
: At the beginning I thought it no 2x sales hes fired and Kelly i the new boss...shopiiiiiiiing
been up all night watching desperate housewives reruns. don't understand why i'm so hooked on this show but it almost never gets old.(:
Don't they cancel each other out?
Hey boo, how are you? Happy Friday
I'm just pointing out how Bo Ryan and the NCAA view it. I think we all know how these kids are used to make millions.
I'm you newest follower, just out of tha BOX!!..... lol
"Recognize we run this sh!t". Coming soon. "MFYL Fall 2012"
Tasting room at Great Lakes Distillery () - New bottling of Kirsch is here. Come try a few new Kirsch cocktails.
i would already kill him if i was you.Lol.Nahh..
Kso Amy, I miss you... Tinychat later..?
The ability to move other passenger seats to the upright position on a plane
NO! DALLAS LOST BY 1POINT 98-99 :((((((((((( Dallas will get Oklahoma Monday-Watch OUT!
Another words, why the fuck am I waiting for help from him and his promises.
"Your spirit is infectious"
Memory goal
I'm already over it! It's either cold and snowy or hot and humid.
be nice to the mexican.. . :P
On the agenda for this afternoon: the first stages of cat shopping. And scheduled for the summer: pet-sitting a dog. Hmm ...
me to, i have a ton of math homework and a test tomorrow :/
I feel like I need to dose up with some LMFAO and some sunshine before tackling the afternoon's projects...
our lives.
You're awesome. Wish I could be there!
anything scheduled this upcoming weekend, 27th & 28th?
Went shopping at Target and bought a bunch of stuff for our 10% discount!
The Two Left Feet 2010 was excellent w hanger steak. But at 16% (!!), alcohol don't operate *anything* afterwards.
Having experimented with Wunderlist for a bit, am contemplating return to a plaintext to-do list. Fewer bells & whistles; life at a glance.
I already know tht life is deep, but I still dig her
Turning 19 next week, so ready!!!!!!
Please follow "Blue Crush 2" on and it's star Support the Surf Sequel!
Waiting for the weekend:)
I know it's hard to believe :)
RIP Whitney
Ok whats up
RT : A10: Know your worth (research it), be self-confident, have a strong work ethic, do your best, and know it isnt al
just wait till I have the chance to hi jack your twitter
Lautman: We used to build spec buildings to attract Econ Dev. Now best strategy is a spec workforce.
Amen, Fat Taft.
lol Borowitz makes fun of everyone
About to watch "where the Wild Things are".
lol, not a fan of humid hopefully it will hold off til July like its supposed too! the weather is awesome for this time of year!
Proud of me 2day!
Omg texas was so gr8t never wanted 2 leave but got 2 come back 2 florida...OMG GOT SOME NEW POSTERS OF U <3 YEA JB follow me!?
Awesome, thanks for the tip
Love is just a four letter word stuck together by emotion.
Just had pepperoni pizza for the first time!
RT BREAKING: Stephen Colbert announces run for President, hands over control of his Super PAC to Jon Stewart (via )
great bumping into you
I will put up Jen's cupcakes against anyone @ anytime.
Last day of Clinical Apps
I need a girl that's gonna be down, like four flat tires.
Christian Malbrough () in the game for the Panthers.
More than 85% of connected Xbox 360's have already fetched content from Xbox Live Marketplace.
Keep it simple, stupid.
Glad I danced.....completely free #Flying ;))
My first book, Hearts of Fire was listed on Amazon as one of the top ten HOLOCAUST-RELATED-NOVELS.
Happy Easter everybody ! (:
OMG! “: hey you guys know about 1025 live right? Big concert by the capital. Thousands of people”
state street was such a success. loved every minute.
Boise tomorrow! We will be at the Assembly of God church! The one with the dome roof!
nice mural!
#jobless someone help me get a
RT : Tonight is Strictly Business with DJ's MetroGnome and Limelight! No Cover!!!! $2 Domestic bottles, $6 Ciroc
Going to phils game to hopefully get last min tickets !!!
Thanks -.- : im at home so it's okay I'm stay home :)
you have to watch from the beginning or you'll be kinda lost and you won't get the full effect of everything!!!
We Just wanted to thank all of our SNOCLOTHING supporter's. Also if your not rocking "SNO" Jump on it. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
while its time to move on, the outpouring from my team is extremely touching.
No man or woman should separate wee my Nigga the words of a real nigga
LMAOOOOOO RT : Man get off his dick RT : Got damnit Frank Ocean just tweeted the realist shit
If it's gonna be that kinda party imma stick my dick in the mash potatahs.
Loving the beach
Hi Victoria! Can I get a one VICTORIATASTIC reply? Please? :{))
So many new things coming up CANT WAIT <3 :)
Lmaoo U Violent As Hell..!
I'm so much nicer when I'm rejecting female Greenpeace members than when I'm rejecting their male members
Oh for tweet's sake...
Hanging out at mtg. Much better than faculty meetings.
I wondered why somebody didn't do something. Then I realized, I am somebody. ~Author Unknown
I hope you aren't stalking me....
~~__-~ SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..$2 DRINKS..SEE THE VIDEO--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
It probably be awkward if u were the only player in ur lineup to not use a pink bat.
At CPK in Hollywood! Lovin' the sun and finally seeing my girl Laura!
Gordie Howe really only had 2? I'm shocked.
Taylor Swift looks much better with straight hair. Starting to look like a woman. Very elegant.
Bart, a woman is like a beer. They look good, they smell good, and you'd step over your own mother just to get one! -Homer Simpson
we love you more today was hilarious and awesome
cheering!! ohmygod I do it year round and L.O.V.E it<3(:
Matthew to Mary: "Do you want my stick?"
Will tweet for food..... or
In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves.
:-) I did dance and s/he loved it! Slept the whole way thru. You still calling girl huh? We'll see!...
Petition passed around NWACC was signed by 750 after one day in favor of vote for public mass transportation tax
Rogue Cupcakes is the Egg Mc Muffin of cupcake apparel company's
gets honorable mention in #txapme Newspaper of the Year contest.
of course!
and Niko Roberts is? Doyle sounds like a solid back up of course he will get hard sell
well, depends on what effects of social media you want to highlight? connection? loneliness? other?
Thx for taking time to follow! Hope u find my posts helpful~
Deep Thought: " Friends are like boobs, some are real and some are fake. "
the cowboys halftime show is a prime example of the media ruining music. #notrealmusic. sorry for the negative tweet
I beat the merch up
The impending cancellation of some Soaps really has a lot of people up in arms, huh? Strange, our priorities.
Enjoying a fabulous with Richmond friends Tim and Lettie.
#Please don't share your twitter id and Password any one, any site, if you give may be it hack by another person. so be careful.
I can see the worm swimming around in Biden's glass
Just woke up and you tweeted ! Haha it was meant to be ;D
#UHtaughtme that cafeteria food can actually be pretty good
About to blow this joint Wheels finna b up
better late than never lol
Not in my Twitter world. But I must admit my Twitter world is a bit political and more than a bit limited.
I'm officially emotionally attached to you...I hate myself now -_-
in a couple years, I'm sure.
J-Mac pitched so well. Everybody on that team atleast owes him a steak dinner for keeping it close.
william breathes loves to pair OJ will all mmj. What's your favorite drink?
Does this mean there's now time for tacos? Cause, uh…yeah. Tacos. :D
sweet leap year
Just over halfway on LA to Louisville KY drive
The best of upfront week: CBS, as always, and TNT and TBS, which offers amazing access to its stars.
S/O to #Louisville on right now! GE investing in job creation, labor union opening doors for working families. That's what's up!!
Overwhelmed and shutting down.
hmm how to convince my latin teacher i can't take the test i missed? #stressing i'ma sleep on that
To all my NY fam. I'll be in town Oct 11th till the 18th! Hit me up!!!
Like If You Shower..... How Desperate Are You For Likes You Attention Whore!!! Go Crawl In A Ditch And Die!!!
but your breath is hot! Lol
trying to decide if 4 blocks is too far to walk for some
A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power. -Brian Tracy
I love that Adam rock scream!
Idea 1 for first tatoo: on right wrist, "write."
Marcus Camby? That wasn't shady was it?
Don't try to hit #runners with you car. It pisses us off.
ALRIGHT.......Who is the Most Mindless On Earth Seen Me An Answer WHY??????????
That sounds awesome!
GO BROOKE GO!!!
Mobile info lit can happen anywhere for quick info (context, location specific), through apps/specialist sites rather than open web
Our tree has arrived! I'm feeling more festive already.
KID!you are blowin up my phone with all your RTin!im trying to sleep!hahaha(: love you<3
I'm having fun reading the tweets of my new followers. Thanks.
Please go to sleep riley
Local quartet keeps classical music relevant with pop mixes - Moose Jaw Times-Herald
A Townhouse With Pools Top and Bottom A newly built townhouse on East 74th Street comes with two pools —both a basement lap pool with a w
Mrnin world wat a great day lets make the best of it an where all this fog come from only in chicago
Going to get that early morning work out in. Then grab some breakfeast. Be back later.
I tucked away an important document so I wouldn't lose it. Now when I need it, I can't find it.
Damn... Today's about to be a good day...
Start to feel lighter & more energetic & be on yr way to a nutritious, health-enhancing foundation going forward with a food-based cleanse!
Why Is today going by so slow!
I've got a Pontiac, gasoline. Grab the cash, split the scene.
yeah :p
Haha I'm in biology .. You know what that means! 👌😊👌
Steve Ballmer is a fantastic speaker. (At NVTC tech titan breakfast.)
Our first budget public hearing has wrapped up after only two hours, next public session is tuesday May 15.
aww that last tweet moved me
Go Kara! “: In 24 hours from now, I will be in Arizona with the A's!! Can't wait to kick off the 2012 season...”
chia seeds, they're a super seed. you can add them to a smoothie (or come in and have one of ours!)
I looked up and thought this mothafucka was tpain at the bar....I aint even fried yet tho lol
"The Dream of the 90's is alive in Portland" watch Portlandia starring Fred Armison and Kristen Wiig.
You know you're on when you make #SCtop10 when your bucket didn't even count. Felton-->Crash throws it down. And goodnight..
Join us in the Pier Bar tonight at 8:30 for some classic rock with the Jacobs Brock and Brews Band!
CUBA Cheese is so good! #Easteregg RT : Favorite part of the day today, cheese Tasting from Cuba cheese shop. #flx food
DANGIT THAT WAS TODAY. May 15th rang a tiny bell in the back of my head, but I completely forgot.
Had a great weekend, don't want it 2 end!!!
On 4/29/80 John Osteen spoke , B/C of rain delay 32yrs to the day speaks today stadium
oh thas wassup man. That song went hard! Check out my boy from WestVa. He jus startd, but is killin it. > youtube.com/watchdwight
Can I get 250/1 on myself to win the #irishOpen ?
You'll find many tonight Institute's Deja vu New Deal discussion. Come on out.
My compromised immune system feels skeptical. (For ref., I got stomach flu Fri; weekend was blur of sleep & bathroom trips.)
Spring Edition Juror (Deadline, November 15): Trevor Richardson Director of Herter Gallery, University of Massachusetts, Amherst
Thanks to for getting me the best Peanut Butter Cup ice cream sundae ever. Can you tell I am pregnant? And getting larger...
Don't forget to "like" your favorite picture candidate for the back of Pasadagavra!
When was the last time you were on an airplane and where did you go? For me it was 11/2011, went to Nashville. ~ Jake
ASK FOR THE FCKIN KOOSH BACK YOU FAT PUSSY BITCH!!!!!
YUM!!! that looks like a fabulous lunch! :)
a porcupine. Very adorable, a little scary and totally awkward.
Aw I'm actually kind of liking Dawson and Jen when they're older. <33
it was great meeting you @ #EXHIBITOR2012 & your feedback & participation with was extremely valuable! thank you!
R.I.P Adam Yauch.
Change and growth take place when a person has risked himself and dares to become involved with experimenting with his own life.
Please contact immediately! Spam messages being sent from my account I have nothing to do with! I want this stopped!
Yesterday's Player of the Game: Mike Caldwell, who allowed one run on 6 hits in 6 1/3 to help the Brewers offense win with only 4 hits!
Huge response to our Bruce Kulick announcement Friday. Putting the final touches on Chris Holmes from WASP and Betsy Bitch from Bitch.
RT : What is the most popular Halloween treat? Visit NHSA booth #1044 @ #APHA to find out & learn more about Healthy Start & the...
well, i guess it's time.
I am trying to imagine a 22 year old Barack talking to Barnard women about being CEOs in 1982.
“: #Aries unknowingly give an impression of being selfish. They're not, they're just focused on furthering their own lives.” so me
your cute
Do them simultaneously.
Yous an average type of cat, no money no clout.
New Artist - Airplay Now on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio - Sister Moon!
when someone tweets every 5 seconds...i finally quit reading them. you?
Watch out! 15% OFF ALL SERVICES!! starting right now and valid till Sunday (hair services with select stylists only) - call (619) 338-8111
The risks you take to be top cock fighter...rough life.
watching limitless
summer class, its only 6 weeks long though
thanks for the shout out! I hope to become a bodybuilder like you (even with my disability and diabetes)
"The moment you wake up is the instant you realize that the teacher is in you & your happiness, as well as your problems, are your own."
Something to think about as we pat ourselves on the back. Did you know we've sold 10 more homes through the program?
Music Pro night was great! Everyone played well. Good job to all.
nicely done, darling. You make me laugh. Xx
Kicking it with my brothers Gutta and About to call it a night
Awesome! Thanks so much and see you soon! RT : The show was great! We will definitely be back!
Backing up Monsters Wanted raw footage to a better drive for editing. Two days from now my 170 hours of footage will be transferred.
is the trace from the backend node available? gist looks like frontend only
The only part of that I understood was 'you were right'
Lights & sirens in the airport. #badnews No it was not my fault.
Movie Night with the Family!! Cowboys and Aliens!! :D
This game is making me hate basketball
glad you like itt!!! :)
Our website is now in Spanish. Simply click on the Espanol button to translate.
I love coconut! How well does it work?
If something was wrong but there were no negative consequences, would it still be wrong?
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to hearing present at #GAAR for
New NW dates announced for April. OTHER LIVES open these dates! +Coachella!!
One in five (21%) adults in the U.S. report having doctor-diagnosed arthritis. I'm one of them, are you? www.healthfacts4all.com
Of course not. But I wouldn't have an animal in my hand. I would have an animal for a hand. My hand would swim much better.
I think #kevinclash is my new hero. God, I relate to his story! #Grover and #supergrover were my childhood loves. #captainkangroo too!
did you think Coltons "apology" was sincere? I didnt.
not shit back in the land right now...waz good bra
he is amazing! It was a true honor to be in his presence! :)
see, i get screwed up on those just from a lack of familiarity. Everyone uses ATMs all the damn time!
- Morgan Rhodes is the bomb diggity :)
Hmm... Peggy Post says it's OK etiquette-wise for non-brides to wear white to a wedding. Do you agree?
Git to the Knit. We're getting all diverse & shit & saving the evironment. Plus there's gonna be dance music.
S/o to them girls who keep their virginity through highschool then go dumb in college lol
Having some crazy flashbacks in the caf tonight.
Some GREAT parents of child actors 2
Its goin to rain alday........ I guess movies alday then.... In bed
The really cool thing is that it's an academic conference -- "Computers and Writing."
This day needs to be over
Need a little pick-me-up? Stop by our Newbury store for a FREE hot coffee and $1 espresso drinks! A taste of what's to come in the new year.
I'm soo exhausted today!!! I don't think the gym is gonna happen tonight :\
Just watched the vow such a good movie :) <3 made me cry a lil
is gunna buy ME an Arizona ;D
i'm great. we've been missing each other lately. good weekend?
followed back thanks for following!!
Good luck on finals this week hun!! Stay focused!
RT Sure, you're comfy with computer analogies, but do you ever wonder why a desktop has wallpaper?
Happy Halloween!
I'm just rambling now.... I should really go to sleep.
I text voted for for #NPOY soo many times THEY texted me "quit" to stop these messages!
um I'm thinking I need to be cheered up...
'comoon! Follow me. I don't bite! ;)
What now #Sandusky? Another one has come forward! How many of them are there?
#Intimacy over #Ministry ...!
Reunited at last with
Gardening for my grandpop today! He's 87!
there is no funny on twitter
with the consolidation of many Brewer Blogs, do you think that is a good thing for content going forward or a negative?
Ask me in again in a quiet bar and I'll tell all!
no problem can be solved by the same level of consciousness that created it. sometimes you just gotta pull yourself out of the trenches
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they help causes that are important to me!
The prices generally tell the story RT Why don't grocery stores have a "seasonal" section for produce???
Workout time:)
SO want to visit New England before I move to the west coast/move back home whatever comes first :)
Being on plenary panel for Astrobiology Science Conf 2012 was great! Conf tag line "Exploring Life: Past and Present, Near and Far"
Forgive all who have offended you, not for them, but for yourself
I loved being mentioned at #RailsBridge this weekend. I hope all those awesome dev chicks show up at me.
whatching youtube videos of people all around the world play the drums
I only watched the first 45 minutes of your conversation... FYI
Every good painter paints what he is.
Slammed busy for the next 2 weeks before I head to sing in Canada! As would say: "Jesus, take the wheel!"
never did see that darn bear today...
Really happy with how I solved a puzzle in ICO, so I rewarded myself with a Choco Taco. Best achievement system ever.
I miss B-More too. :/
i do the same thing when i read other people's tweets
Once an MFer, always an MFer! My cousin Lucy Blehar sings lead vox & we share back-ups. Hope 2cu inside the Kusama soon! XO
I SAW THAT ON YOUR STATUS LOL
Bitchs be fucking around... They need there face beat in
lol u not going! Shit Im suppose to be in jersey sat but that drive is giung to kill me!
Arizona? Hmm...I seem to have negative connotations to that state. It's good to have a positive reference to it.
Another QB transfer who is immediately eligible? Seriously? When the bill comes due with football gods for #badgers, it could be huge.
After months of careful consideration and studying the candidates I have decided to vote for on Tuesday.
": People will judge you no matter what you do. So you might as well do what you want."
This isnt his first offense. Clearly he should be fined and suspended for remaining races. He's the Carlos Zambrano of racing.
yea im tired to but ur just a daydream away
Power wins again...Hunter-Reay is in second, and Sato came up to finish third after starting last!!
Thanks Aaron! It's WordCamp weekend this weekend!
Watching 'Last Call' in Hollywood!!
Went on a bike ride. I am telling myself that the sore tired legs and heavy breathing is because I am pregnant. Yes, thats the reason ;)
was Face Timing and we ain't have sht too talk about ! lmao
Thinking on FABIO! OK he's really NOT that cheesy! In amazing shape. We gazed into e/othrs eyes @ Chiro last eve!
Holy shit! I had no idea Lance Henrickson voices Admiral Hackett in Mass Effect. But now that I know, it's so obvious!
I never wear make up and I never dress up yet some elderly person always tells me "your so beautiful" its nice but awkward at the same time!
hey man i don't know if anyone has told you but Terrence Jones is pretty good. Just thought you should know.
Can we see Tevez's daughter in a pool of boiling water please?
Congrats To Kentucky, Great Effort By Kansas!!
old news, ha ha
Singing oh oh oh (8) dkashdjasldhkjasd
my day is good baby I love you kiss the boys
11.17.1938: Italy publishes racial laws, defining who is Jewish, prohibiting intermarriage, and greatly restricting their ability to work.
Happy birthday :)
Today's gloomy and rainy weather is providing incontrovertible evidence that November is my least favorite month. Blech.
Now Facebook tells me when my friends decline my event invitation, as if I weren't already completely convinced my friends don't like me.
Nothing like an earthquake to shake you awake
The short guy from Lady Antebellum is cute
Oh my housewives, did I see some serious wedding looks tonight! Another amazing show
Hit yo girl in my car and now her pussy got that new car smell
Today Special: $15 Organic Manicure $35 Rockstar Toes Please call 559-761-0669 to make your appointment for today. Thank you!
I saw the Bat-mobile this past weekend in Oakland, where they are filming the new batman movie! Cool! Wonder why they had it painted Tan?
♥'It's a big big world so easy to get lost in it♥
Join my wife & I at 10am Sat.(Denver).We present "Tweet Your Way Into Professional Development
Building relationships. Not just "hello, enjoy the show" Having an engaging audience leads to success in #fundraising too
I hate how your not mine anymore..
Today's temperature: room temperature.
Search engines like unique content that is also quality content
Odd. fair use shouldnt depend upon the subjective expectations of the copyright holder, but objective effect on potential market.
Wow, really? RT : Don't eat fish from the Everglades more than twice a month due to the mercury in the water.
Whoops typo in last post... must delete! Anywho, glad the Tiger news is coming to light. It's hard for me to hold in surprises!
Kid talk: "Hey, the server crashed!" ...
Stafford or Matt Ryan?
It's time for #TWITTERTUESDAY! Stop in and say "THE POWER" to get a free Rice Crispy Bar! Good w/ purchase, limit one per table!
I have been online since 91 and am involved in many communities. I help with an annual event that has 300+ attendees.
you can hear the wind swirling while in the tin can
Just landed in Cincinnati. This is a very nice airport.
My office is health-conscious but can't say no to sweets. Thus, we end up w/ donut scraps that have been cut in half about 8 times.
Jewel sing along with and ... We're lame.. I know..
Got my twitter.com/rckwll account and Facebook.com/djrckwll re-linked just in time for the Holidays
thankss andrea! What do u do? Also, I'm performing in LA on the 26th. Do you live around here?
>>>>>> Been great so far. Been off for bout a hour now. Just greeting you Ma'am :)
You know I gotcha! ;)
Plane ticket booked for vegas this weekend....SO STOKED FOR AFROJACK and DADA LIFE! Hit me up if you are headed that way 480.612.3337
The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King Jr.
#chucknorris While urinating, Chuck Norris is easily capable of welding titanium.
Hoping for an apology from for publishing that lazy, racist attack on black studies by Naomi Riley. Still won't subscribe, tho.
Good one: Regarding Henry V
- Two sides of the same coin? :)
self-hatred and denial seem to go hand in hand.
Catch me tonight in Austin & Ally on the Disney channel!
If only the angry bean eater guy knew his little note became internationally well-known! Your bean supper sounds delicious.
negative nancy here
Go follow my new BRO
Talk to my buddy from National Guard and she really qot me thinkinq
This just in: check out Kiko's (5077 N Lincoln) for Bosnian / Macedonian food. Try the beef stew or stuffed peppers.
off to Cobalt for a drink...still on my hot date.
wow, it was a half day anyway
The transferential space "is a piece of real experience...but it is of a provisional nature" (Freud via )
I cringe everytime I see students walk into the building with posters, Glogster.edu USE IT!!
#badgers play Syracuse next
I guess I have listened to #SoListen exactly 1,001,802 times according to YouTube :)
Senator Jorgenson's new immigration bill fails to pass committee on a 2-7 vote.
Hah no comparison to Jordan Nice try though! ": Michael Jordan game 6...."
wanna know something?...alright.... is like the sweetest thing ever!<3
I'm from Indiana huge Bearcats fan! Huge Pacer fan, and no one has mentioned Lance!! Go Bearcats!!
are you going to the lacrosse game tonight?
whoa that's a lot. People really only do that for major weight loss. 15 hours a week 0_o you must be sore
I see sphinxes all the time. My cats love to snooze that way LOL
Who lies for you will lie against you.
bad a** tweets! Renewed interest in tweeters and twitterverse. Is it bad the 1st thing I checked was ?
miss u!!
Yes, it also appears to be working for me. Glad to hear from you.
that's a lot of pressure, dude
Haha me and bf act like kids throwing spit balls with a straw at eachother at Jack in the box lol hahaha
Might swell put the phone in on radio merseyside on for a laugh.
Thanks for the RT!
thanks love!
Will you PLEASE help trend #staystrongryankennedy ? He's a 9 year old who's dream is to be known worldwide before he dies:/ He has cancer ):
I can be in LA in 8 hrs. I'm ready to help!
After capturing a small British force retreating to Quebec on the St. Lawrence 2 days ago, Gen. Montgomery has taken the city of Montreal.
FYI--Previous five tweets are reports from breakout sessions.
Studying Charlie Parkers book - learning some "Bird" - New Project !
see your boy got the pole
let me know what you do with it! Such exciting possibilities.
Can not wait for New Years Eve. It will be the first time in a year that I actually go out on a date.
Shout out to Haz solo and High 5 collective. These cats are dope! Bottom line
BOFF! Wed. & Thurs. are teaming up! 6 Wings and 3-Topping Small Pizza, $9.99. We have Soft Bread Sticks too. (take-out, dine-in, delivery)
Shower , homework , then bed.
That's annoying too!! I'm sticking with 'What's up'?
Thinking about how awesome Bill Mahr's show with Mos Def and Salmon Rushdie was tonight! Shout out for POIGNANT!!!!
Gratitude heals us. That's why we need to focus so much energy on it. The goal is to live a life of prayer.
#DescibeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Half Baked
i don't know what this means but i'm in love you with you so...
Bye bye Boston.
DOIN A BIG BOWL AM
Sierra, what's up?
one of my faves!!
o please do! I'm sipping some green tea right now :)
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Wendy and Melanie, HUGE thank yous for your many supportive tweets Book 2 coming soon!
submission to ... winner at 5:30
Wine, Food, Art and fun fun fun!!! The Art and The Vineyard show in Eugene Oregon is three days long 3rd,July 4th and 5th! It will be fun
i have a string but rarely wear them. they belonged to my great grandmother.
Looks like Ron Paul just arrived at Vancouver rally. 2 black SUVs pulled into convention center as crowd chanted "President Paul!"
Countdown to starting the MBA: 5 Days
Infront of Aaron or David?
Oh yeah #ObamaBiden2012 make sure y'all registered now... Don't do it on CPT. Might mess around and not be able to vote if u procrastinate!
#TheBestPartOfMyDayWas... learning that it was National Peanut Butter Day! Two trends, one tweet.
indeed! More foodiness for a few more hours tomorrow!!
I could go for some dairy queen.
A big thank you and shout out to for his advice and help tonight as well!
alas. Hope you made mad money.
10 Minutes Into #Daytona500.....Not Impressed...Nah, I'm Just Hatin....This Shit Fire....
-NO, text me! I promise I wont bore you!!! ))): i pwomiseee !
Happy Thanksgiving to our entire Colonial family!
I don't hate him anymore. He's cool, when he wants to be haha, but it's awesome U2 r together.
I hear you lady. PEACE
Yeah.. sorry about that. More a provocative phrase than an actual idea. I actually think Sacramento MUST have an NBA team.
Chilean Mask: Smash a handful of red grapes in a bowl.Add 2 tbl. of white flour with the grapes, and apply the mask to your face for 10 min!
New design is not online yet. Should be live some time this coming week.
Watched a lightning storm from my plane window, very awe inspiring
#gardening is
Takes a well developed palate. RT The Floral Notes of Unicorn Farts. That is all.
well at least the way it's set up its BYU/Iona so there is still time haha
at griffs if you would like to rebuttal
ALFONSO RIBEIRO would be so much more famous if I felt more confident in the pronunciation of his name. (I clearly had to copy and paste.)
There's too much kindness on my timeline right now. it's more interesting when everyone is bitching
Your eyes are the windows of your soul
why do #RedSox games take 4 hours??
:o) How are you doing today?
Awesome. I loved Madonna AND CeLo. I don't care If Madonna lip-synced. It was great Still confused about the wire walker.
You gonna be there? Look for me and say hi!
Try to clear desk on Friday's. When Monday is almost a close & you can't see your desk, you know you're in PR :)
Bout to slap you in the face with sum shit to RT #teamAzB keep ya eyes ready
Answer: Roast Beast (in Dr. Seuss's "How the Grinch Stole Christmas")
Whenever I feel particularly self-satisfied someone calls and asks, "Is this the ? No? How 'bout you give me their number."
blacklatern says that I have smelled a fat bitch while she was sweating she smelled like bacon and ham!
Holtby loves freedom, Obamacare, the liberal media and shutting down the B's offense.
Is the story about trump moderating a Republican debate real? Is this real life?
One year after Health Care Reform and the premiums for my small business have gone DOWN
Look for the barn full of Walkers. Can't miss it. Do NOT approach wearing a geek ear necklace though. You will get shot.
Never look at your ex's twitter,it makes it worse. </3
have a good weekend, my friend!
That's my mf ni**a if u dont get no bigger# A That's the real....
loving a week in Cape Cod. : )
Amen! I look forward to these events each month. RT : Thanks as always for great time
Spicy garlic wings @ our favorite wild wings....m
Finishing up a VO audition and then off to work.
Thank you + + for believing in me. May Jesus be so exalted and lives be changed by our partnership. xx
Hey Cheryl!
Jonathan Miller: ""veryone has an issue they're passionate about, but none of that will happen unless we make #congresswork "
What Would Help Me Sleep Tonight If You Followed Me... And OMG I Love The Faded Dance/Music Video
#dsoc the net seizes our attention only to scatter it: Carr
Oh no... Maybe I'm late to the info but I just saw a poster for "American Pie Reunion."
Godspeed #josephacaba You make us proud.
TIme to waste another block filming random stuff in school! :D #VidCom <3
Congratulations to EVA member Annabelle Weston on her recent sales to Ellora's Cave! Look for "Wicked Woman" & "Mr. Temptation" soon!
The Dirty Karl!!
hump, hump, hump - all day long!
Seriously? You arrest a girl for accidentally walking out with a $20 pair of sunglasses? You owe a HUGE apology.
Doing work today
When the prosecution gets it wrong, no one can get it right.
Great start to the Networks & Network Analysis for the Humanities follow-up conference at UCLA. Thanks to IPAM for dinner!
Final touches on the new building this weekend!
Heading up to NH on 91. Traffic not bad yet - fingers are crossed.
Thanks for the RT! And great write up! I really gotta check out those other drinks you mentioned. They sound delicious.
Any luck finding the pup? Also, is he chipped?
No coon.
South African author Jonny Steinberg to speak at Northwestern University on World AIDS Day, Dec. AFC interviewed him on AIDS in South...
My friend, I happen to live in the (former) strawberry capital iof the world - we're going to get along great!
On my way to photoshoot crime scene of The Wailing with FX make up artist in NYC keep you posted!
i hate miami heat fans. they shuld b the last ppl to complain about not gettin calls
I was asking why isn't adultery illegal? It violates sanctity of marriage & Bible has 100's of passages against it.
Yes. Safe n'safety first!
- Yes, and they're responsible for the highest amount of crime around the magical kingdom of Unicornia.
Yes, #WalkingDead, if you're not going to develop the characters, raise the stakes.
#smwtransmedia Judging by the size of the audience, transmedia is a hot topic at #smwnyc #smw12 - even if the definition is up for grabs
Took you a while :P
If there is no heaven or hell, then Jesus is a liar. And why would you serve a liar?
#Brewers open up a series against the #Cubs tonight at Miller Park. Should be a gorgeous night with the roof open!
At least its over and we can see if the risk pays off..
*~bored den a mofo rite now in joncas classroom with Belser and....my class:P bored den a mofo rite nw~*
There is no day like the present day to do the right thing. :)
Call me
Last grad school assignment is finally done!
shooting single ladies?
Penalty USA. That could put the nail in the coffin.
Should I go to Morehead or UK? Such a hard decision!
"Some people jump out of airplanes for a thrill. I make money." Bobbie Robertson
just think summers not too far awayy. :/
I know. I'm very slap dash with my tweets.
RT #digitalpreservation Stack Exchange site was proposed by - he's blogged about it: http...
my bday present for you won't be in by tomorrow :(!
No moderation, just pure desired conversation&community sparked by the show or just by being in a room w/ppl
now that it does it I don't know if I want to know it or not.
Nope. Grocery shopping just makes me feel even more poor than I am.
No. Interesting mark prior (in red sox extended spring) will be pitching longer (or at least trying to) than kerry wood
do you see Ed Carpenter being strong like always at Indy?
I figured that's probably what you meant. No, I've been a Devils fan since I was about 14.
Los Angeles freakin' Kings.
You guys, Twitter is fun during awards shows!
Going to an A's game, nothing like terrible baseball to brighten a cloudy cold day. They do have beer, tho...
thanks to seeing cantogion i have now turned into monk
Monday went by really fast. Was able to squeeze in a #P90X shoulders and arms workout.
clicking your links point to old mobile bc site, don't see way to get to full site
There was confetti in the big gulp cups! AWH. no slushy~~
Blessed to see another day, blessed to rise again...
rolling to an argentinian steak place for dinner. meat.
I still have yet to play arkham asylum.. Been stuck on gears 3
awesome! Hope Shes ok
Thnx, but I found my answers
HAHAH ME AN JAMES AE ONNA BE DOIN IT ON THE TOP O THE HOTEL BUILDING
IM DONE! ITS ALWAYS SOMETHING.
Hello! What part of Australia are you from? I studied abroad in Sydney & cannot wait to go back! :)
or Dirk or JKidd or anyone else!! I'm disappointed in society!!
We are setting up for Kid's Night! We look forward to seeing you and your family for dinner tonight!
Praying for the tornado victims out west...
TURN TO YOU IS AMAZING <3
)': RT : :') Just give up Eddie. RT : Oh so now is competing? e__e arre *puts sleeve up*
I just saw Megan Rose on my way home from work... oh em g. I havent seen her since elementary school!! NPHS shout out
Chris Wolf: EU privacy proposals at "dramatic--& perhaps draconian." National laws >> centralized privacy regulation & enforcement
1992 MLB Draft, Tribe takes Paul Shuey #2 overall. Derek Jeter goes #6 to NYY. That pretty much sums up Tribes player development over years
GBS, I know you're having a super awesome sale, but I just want my nail polish. Stop bombarding me with samples and conversations.
Back from Palm Beach and loving Chicago more than ever (despite the cold weather).
Hey there, Sugabear! :) RT S/O to my new followers!
I hate when I sneeze while putting mascara and it gets all over my face
Prodigy is a BEAST. I LOVE his solo stuff.
Banjo says you are near me...you in NYC?
Yes I must
I seriously hurt my foot yesterday and I've no clue how? It wasn't a painful, discrete event.
Not really an american idol fan, but im deff a fan. love.
what up bro(:
On a similarly analog note, I've been using sticky notes to prioritize and re-prioritize clients and other projects
best twitter client for Android Tablets, bar none!
I never thought would yell at me....until today
I know right?! First time ever! I can't believe she dissed Lerone!
Two words the 99% fear, ROMNEY WINS
you the man Brett go pack go!!!
Ecc 10:19 A feast is made for laughter, And wine makes merry; But money answers everything.
Pantera on Monday night football match made in heaven!
Change is possible from deep within
We drove up from Kentucky to see a win, but it hasn't happened yet this week. We got one more chance tomorrow.
I have when I'm already comfortable in my bed and some shit always happens that makes me get up >:(
no i cant handle the hotness
The most ghetto fabulous person in #ATL is
RT Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart. Phil Jackson
hahaha! Where is the picture of this faux hawk?! That's pretty awesome.
“: it's okay princess.” I feel like going off on Shane in Romani. Or Russian. Or Spanish. Loudly. *sigh* Rude.
Ah what a nice little break then before the end of semester. Mine is dragging. Yes happily moved back to SF. yeah!
WORLD PEACE!!!
In the heart of Texas is Midland, Texas! We love our network there!
The American Embassy in Iraq?
Movie time!
Worked great! Thanks for sharing!
#2011icf Why do YOU think coaching works? Great table discussions... and differing perspectives!
Can't believe I'm jealous of a baby cus she got something last night that I didn't. 😓
Pointing out past GOP support is fine, but it’s not enough. Challenge them to put up or shut up.
Huntsman: Election season prevents moving forward on US-China relationship
Someone tell me why my girlfriend is so sexy.
Excited For New Jonas Album 16
it's nice out!
Sunday bloody Sunday!
Who's going to be the overtime hero?
In LA and the weather is beautiful. Grammys tomorrow night.
OH: what's the fun in it if there ain't no pareto optimal
He think you playing hard to get.
my girlfriend, , is getting tatted the fuck up today and i'm missing it :/
How is it possible that I am at the Sprint store and still get bad reception. Signal booster? Cmon
Its growling man
I'm craving Starbucks .
i am hungry at the gayest times
Sometimes when asks me to help shave his head, I want to design lightening bolts or steps
When LaBrocca scores a GK chip, I wanna see same adulation RT : Simon Borg spent first 45 mins comparing Messi to Nick LaBrocca.
We had a great time at the #ADDY Awards Show this weekend. Congrats to all the winners!
are you going to be at the Gator Nationals?
Brownie was DELICIOUS!! :0)
I cant wait to get the hell out of this city. Only place Ive ever moved where people ditch instead of just saying no.
#IUseToWantARelationshipWith you but you seem to think replying to everything with "k" fixes the problem. and it doesn't.
I honestly am about to have a #teenwolf finale party next monday! Haha how funny would that be? Maybe & could come
Sorry, I haven't been in the loop. THAT puppy is adorable...
Good night with great people!
check out when you get a chance. I think you might dig them! Plus they have a free download available now too!
..tell me about it, damn!
Okay! I'm going in
to see devendra or not..gahh hate not having money!
its hot as fuck... its not even 66 F .. beach mission tonight holla =D
Vitamin E? Pretty good for scars right?
What probate
we finally met! Hey, I'm hearing rumblings that people are anxious for a written review. Have you any such plans?
I'm glad you're healthy.
if you have a ford truck. and it is yellow. you should be punched.
New Sigur Ros coming up in about five minutes on !
haha, I hear that its like Australia but with snow, and not as many deadly animals
Didn't know it was on until just now. Dang.
omg that was totally you! craziness. are you in LA? I think you told me you were.
thats been Bosh's shot all night
Love that hat.
I'm afraid she wouldn't stay around if she knew what my insides were like
hey man are you open for a session today? I have a friend who has a lot of money to put down for something
nothing much man. School school and more school.
true. I do have some skills but their a little rusty after some 6 years sitting behind a computer. Dont let it happen to you
Aishwarya Rai should make a twitter..
So Tarzan swing from the veins in her jungle
bring in nash, so he can watch bron dribble from the top of the key?
Omg SNL Time Magazine cover/ Game of Thrones reference. So true.
I need a good tan! Beach after finals 
Stay focused and you wont lose
you are really enjoying instagram aren't you :D
Thanks for helping to get the word out about B&&C meets UX happy hour. We're moving it to next week b/c of snow.
Sucks that I have no car or money xD
its not the refs fault for calling the foul! It's KG's fault for committing the foul. If he wants to cry about it, then don't
You're a sketchy bitch, and you're fat. Thanks for being my motivation to be a better person
LOL were you puking? i woke up with puke everywhere -_-
I'm sorry I don't speak stupid! Can you repeat that?
- I have a TON sista! Scroll down my blog you'll find some...but lots more to come! thx for following
Quality costs more.
In typical fashion, he's not following anyone on twitter.
"Contemporary American literature is much too various be called a movement, but can be broadly characterized as iconoclastic & populist."
But I know an ANNOYING ass feeling has to be getting sprayed with champagne by a drunk disrespectful nigga lol. I feel bad for those girls.
Day 1 of Mental Health First Aid Instructor Training - Thanks for all the support!
My favorite person in Vancouver BC is the guy who hits the crosswalk light at William and Clark every morning for me.
WHAT? RT City workers will start maintaining the trees it plants and proactively pruning dead limbs. They did not do this before”
but all in all I had a great workout now I can relax.
Yes, it does. Just sayin'.
Found my "Spin the bottle" trophy from 2010..I got MVP
Don Quixote with the derby win
Raiding 's fridge with
Put your hands up if you're single for the nigggghtttt !
“: dude my dirty santa gift has changed. It is the shizzzzzz!!!!” Aww looked forward to the last
"Looks like not only in San Diego, but across the country, the taxpayers have spoken," - Scott Crosby on 77 percent yes on Prop A.
RT " That's not my department" maybe the most over used phrase ... and the most infuriating ...
Listen to your detractors, they provide the most honest feedback about your #startup. Don't be offended, be thankful for the clarity.
This is relevant to my interests! Thanks, and well done!
UGH I wish! I fly out Friday to Minneapolis for work! be careful climbing up to bdog's LOFT! LOL no really...
Holy FSM... I do not understand how ANYONE could think Mel Gibson working on a movie of the Maccabees would be a good idea. EVER.
Spill the Wine and Loring Kitchen are next. We'll be live on Kare11 at 11!
I'm so ready today. SCHOOL + UNLOADING A GAZILLION FLOWERS + TRACK MEET = shizzzz.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
Game time! RT : So excited to begin planning today for #Machon12 with !
hi thank you for following me, check my tweets
Like my uncle always said, it doesn't have to be Easter to go eggs deep in a bunny.
Had you will have been looking forward to it? It's going to have been great!
i followed them :)
I only understand Nietzsche through scenes from the latest episodes of Mad Men.
Always a gr8 day when u hear encouraging words from staff. Thx staff for ur dedication to families & children.
Great news for jobs in Albuquerque- Tempur-Pedic adding 100 jobs; Lowes adding up to 700 for new call center.
re tweet this and list me
I was gonna say the same thing..your hair is to pretty to cut it haha
the heinous groups you named dont act peacefully though. ive seen the article about portugal quite a good argument for legalization
very true!! JHud you are a strong woman ily
Come to Boston.
if you don't analyze yourself you'll spend so much time talking shit about everyone else... and you'll still be ..... nowhere
Save the date - benefit Strand 3/24 w/ MARY GAITSKILL, STEPHEN ELLIOT, ROSE TROCHE, LEOPOLDINE CORE, food + MORE!
The way Austin says Baby <3
Ah! Demi is getting punk'd next week!!!!
We have 4 gallons of "Split Pea Soup" colored paint for sale $20.00. If interested in purchasing call us 404-997-8011
yolo, so don't turn off the women (y)
if you let me here's what ill do ill take care of you
Talking to Victoria yesterday >>
I'm in love with Ming on #MTVawkward ... I want that hat!
My acting career really needs to take off
you tweet the truth
I miss tickleing you :p
As if i needed a reminder why I check Twitter so often.
follow back loco
told someone?, I'm a grown ass woman, I ain't snitchin! I'm knockin hoes out if need be!
follow back plz
Later today on TPH takes a critical look at Jeff Atwater, who he knows well from his days with the Palm Beach Dem Party.
Not since Xmas Eve have so many people been interested in the travels of one man
I wish I could.<3
I wanna see! :-) lol.RT : My parents put my baby pics EVERYWHERE. I can't even blame them though, I was a funny baby.
Please, have a shitty attitude more often. It helps put your mania into a much more realistic perspective.
hahaha xD if it was for dahvie , i would've done the same thing! Looks like i need to make a stickam lol
So I lost 3 followers today for no apparent reason...
...well...i mean if we're being honest here...
Just got back from the dance studio!! AH!! :)
We will be playing this Saturday at in Milwaukee. Gonna be a great rock n roll show!
Ewww now some things should never be seen, like cetain females showing too much skin. He don't wanna see all them blackheads!
we gotta get that track join. DM
HEY SEXY
or follow <3
everything is hotter when the sun goes down.
The inside half of the plate. That's where history's made.
Twit-a-holic over there, huh!?
Early start to get my hair chopped off by !
we all need to hang out!
Up tonight my doggy got really sick puked about 7 times now and keep it coming
i just got home feeling a little tired
#FYCchat As professionals, it seems our level of investment seems to overcome a lot of issues in the collaborative dynamic.
ladies of ABQ we want you for Miss Rock the Ink check www.rocktheink.net for details!!!
Reading about yfrog and twitter interop details reminds me of the marvel of the hive mind and swarm intelligence. Now go solve real problems
Thanks V!
hasn't the city been taking tax business $ from mmj dispensories?
No, just a few idiots we won't claim. “: good to see Kentucky fans staying the least classy people on earth.”
I'll bet you do
New Video: - Therapy (Live) Such a Dope Song. NW Represent!
: "Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level." - Peter Drucker"
hey Ashley what went wrong at S52?
You know what's really entertaining? Watching black people as contestants on game shows.
Co-piloting Louisville Slugger's corporate aircraft later this month!
haha you look 30 now :p
There is no greater invitation to love than loving first.
yeah my boyfriend thinks so
HIT THE WALL was frequently meaningful and constantly rollicking. (i enjoyed it.)
Hm...not phased. My stomach will be in about 5 hours, but for now...don't care. lol
Umpire pointed fair ball from the get go in the LAD triple play. You must need glasses!
Also, the final MGOLF match before the Championships is underway at Bishops Bay in Middleton. Head out to watch!
Who wants to go with me to see Avengers for movie night at Town Square?
My date, the fabulous Lisa Hodsoll, has informed me that her bladder should receive a Helen Hayes Award! WORD!
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it...so I said "Implants?.
The man at Dunkin Donuts drive-thru in front of me was asked what to drink... He asked: "What are my options?" "Umm coffee?"
I LITERALLY SCREAMED WHEN I FOUND OUT
DMs received, thank you
Hey Lilly's is tonight. Come support the lost souls of Chicago in this weeks rendition!
Dang, Matt's giving away free money at the retreat? I'll be right there...
#Sayword to the video son!! Peeped it out!!
good looking Plax Daddy! We gotta get on one soon!
Love #Trikortreaters, especially when I open the door and they try to come into my house :)
I don't think Jeremy was in the car at that time he didn't go to pick up Elena of I am correct
im sorry ashley! i fell asleep really early :( <33
yep. That's the one.
New legislation has killed the little guys. Appraisers going broke, mortgage brokers going broke. Big banks and mortgage bankers loving life
Way to pull in some wins:)
New York, any tips to share? MT : dear friends, my teacher looking for hotel in NYC with a low rate
Goal ! 35 minutes from the conference championship.
Eades #whisky tasting tomorrow on Capitol Hill for National Tartan Day. A fine tradition!
There's one one Yarbrough its called Take 5 LOL RT : “: El Paso needs a piano bar. Love piano bars”. <--- I agree with you.
I ain't forgot about ya bruh... Working
I don't know the password for my wifi yet so I can only tango or oovoo
no worries get at me when u can sweet dreams nite
so basically the book doesn't even exist until the movie comes out
"I REALLY NEEDED THIS." Big shoutout to founder Helen Pafumi, director !
You suck...
We're having lots of fun in this session teaching people about
Gym, write papers and repeat for the next few days. Gotta
I wish people would learn to keep certain aspects of their life sacred, or atleast private.
RT : Guys, Never lie to her. Trust me, if she finds out, you're fuuked.
probly in a lil i just lef from up there before thanksgiving on tour i got some folks up there
Krugman on student loans... Drag on the economy, enormous human tragedy, need a plan for more student aid. Making social mobility harder.
ZUZU wants to say COME ON RAIN!!!
They say that good things take time, but really great things happen in the blink of an eye.
lol phone killer!
I did that too! Thanks man.
Worse. It was 's fault “: Is Bass a 3B or 1B? In other words, was it Zueski's or Roseth's fault?”
I'm reading Papert's Mindstorms. 30 yrs old, but still relevant. Kids learn deeply thru programming.
Sorry but I'm already Brunos Dog :P
Are the wheels falling off...
Need some more ink I guess I'm gonna check some spots out so I can get my sleeve started
WHAT BAD BLOG ?
Lol this spanish guy is talking about how he wants to go to Africa lol
ha! You know it's true. I just want an elite 8 with hawks/heels.
RT : I spy with my eye yellow cans of Horny Toad Cerveza !!
hey thanks!
40 minutes outside, and I'm already sunburned.
....really wish I wasn't working this weekend....
I already miss you
I want a baby Fennec Fox!! <3
True. Team helped me find feet as new faculty. Meetings, team work, 11am coffee face time adds up. Also, I had set office.+
im bored bout to bump to sum music...nd do mhy homework-___-
hopefully not exactly the same. The walk to marisas house part....no.
iWant To Win Is Trending!!!! Lets Get #AustinIsOurWorld To Trend!!!
over 100 tweets (and fifty growls over lost honey) later
"The difficult is that which can be done immediately, the impossible is that which takes a little longer."
just tracked vocals for two new songs yesterday, be back in the studio saturday for the third<3 -trent
The Twitter world missed you
Busch Brothers Sweep Richmond
Gotta love #CollegeBaseball: Mike Fox of UNC was a D3 coach prev. now 5 trips to Omaha in 13 yrs
If you take it to the level of KILLING you would need to go back in and COVER UP all of your LIES. KILLING could mean the SPIRIT of PEOPLE.
Why am I hearing your roadtrip soundtrack in my head--including the lead track by Willie Nelson....
Any chance you can help a mama and her six month old son out to attend the #pcaaca conference? any cancellations?
they're not losing Saturday. This season's been too epic to not have end by not getting out of the second round again
My nigga mentality >>>>
This is my first time at a #globalclassroom chat too.
maximum rock n roll
": Cinnamon rolls, it's what's for breakfast :-)" and that's what I'm talking about!
do it.
me and my friend paulina are gonna sing in choir tomorrow infront of the class if we can tomorrow! we are practicing :D
I just wanted to let everyone know that PFFU President Jim Judd retiring after 29 years of IAFF service. www.pffu2011.com
Ugh hella tired from work :/ someone talk to me (: i feel like talking to people (:
Off to see #BigSandyandhisFly-RiteBoys at #LeesLiquorLounge for an evening of old-timey Western Swing. #whynot?
took you long enough
"Who's that peekin' in my window?... BLAOW... Nobody now." I preferred THAT CeeLo!
Got it, thanks for checking our page out!
Got ya grandma on my dick ...
Finally done with this paper! :D
I hate mosquitoes with a burning passion! >:I
just an observation on MN politics: some serious kool-aid drinkers on both sides of the aisle this evening. wow.
Havin talks bout wars n current news about the world
: Thx for replying! Are you in SD? Does your daughter see 1 of our pediatricians? let us know if you need help finding one!
The D-Backs leading hitter in the playoffs is the Minor League POY. That's both impressive and pathetic.
There will be disruption of phone and internet services due to COX maintenance on March 7th—AM. Let us know if you encounter any problems.
I really love your passive aggressive tweets.
when someone sets 2 recordings at the same time on the tv and you're stuck watching some strange show...
So fresh so clean like a cumbia king...ha is a chingo bling song....
Sadness is biting into a large, juicy apple and realizing you have ref desk duty in 5 minutes.
Thank you!!
And we are sold out!
Its hard to breathe in a corset.
Im from NYC, Im gay, I love food-fashion-and clothes. I love writing, Loved once. I love the winter. Im the child of the moon. I'am Unique
your phrase should be "v-necks and gay guys!" haha although i doubt if your gay
Good morn! Julie has all the deets! I think she'll tweet u soon! TY! smiles! RT : ... What do u need help with?
jealous! that's awesome!!! when do you go?
Lay Low bitch my Bitch Bad as JLO - by Of
Wow. People wore clothes to raves in the 90s. Now they're like 90% naked. How things change...
I've never met a concert movie I didn't love. #ThisIsIt #NeverSayNever I can only imagine the Beatles will be somewhat as good...
24 assists by #rondo in the #celtics #game today. Those are freaky #videogame stats. Oh yeah that was to go wit a #tripledouble!
In light of the prevalence of photo manipulation today, people peddling their wares with before and after photos, I have 2 say...Seriously?
On my way to Kroger to get snacks for
Wilkins: Orgs need to evaluate and if necessary respond to social media posts within an hour.
Just returning the favor! Keep listening! :)
There was just a FIGHT at the bus lot at my school!!!!! It was so funny!!
LET'S SEE IF I CAN WIN THE TEDDY BEAR
I Need To Start Eating Breakfast .-.
It's raining hard af
thanks so much. And thanks for being such a great sport!
Please take me off I dont want to be in it no more sorry. Its nun personal iys just idk I dont wanna be in it..
Kicking back in a comfortable chair, with my dogs at my feet. They have a calm energy that helps me work.
Dealing with a child when your sick <<< worst thing ever
How nice. Thanks for letting us know!
Had a great day with
France will definitely interesting to watch these nxt few years.
Thanks for the RT!
Can't wait for the ICONic Boyz to be on Shake it up tonite!!! So proud of them!!
Some margarita and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Just got back from the bookstore. 3 loads in me and I still haven't gotten off yet. I love being a whore.
Not a bad plan - but I'd much rather have my books in a cute little basket, beside the scones and bags of whole beans.
"Caviar in a Cloud"1 of 14 courses
no doubt! Can't forget I produced that bad boy too, hahaaa, ppl r gonna love it! R&R
Cowboys really? A ton more juice if it was Packers and Giants. Dallas is irrelevant.
Just beat at MLB on Xbox!
Insetad of macports or fink, try homebrew. It's much better IMO.
What website is this from? RT : ironic that the colors red/white/blue represent freedom until they are flashing behind you.
Pauly? I dunno that particular dyke looks DAMNED good in a dress... Wait. Did I fuck this up??
Big Congrats to and Conner Antweil. It's gonna be a good semester.
#hth2012 "The record is always in a process of becoming" (Kemming sp?) Great quote.
Damn why did TMZ have to find him! I hope he doesn't get harassed and slips back under the radar.
See u soon! RT : Oh, save one 4 me, CU in June! RT The OREO gets the haute treatment courtesy of
Great crowd #2012awards - amazing growing tech co's like TRX &
If you're in Nashville: Benefit concert Wed., 7:30pm, Belcourt Taps and Tapas for a displaced kindergarten teacher. lonirose.com
For a 2nd good choice for authentic Ecuadorian fare, he also suggested La Pena at Montrose & Milwaukee.
Some very athletic Punters in NFL today, including u. David Buehler can outrun DBs. Can u outrun anyone in Colts secondary lol?
Thanking my blessings every day that I am smart enough to learn from my mistakes!
Keeping my self busy really helps me from thinking too much.
Yo Im a stop following cuz he not following me back? It ain't like he's a #FamousNobody or something!! Actually he is lol.
Prepping for a talk next week. Excited to share our Footprints vision with everyone!
I think we should have a museum conference reception at a Maker lab...
: YES! Can I come in? Should I call? Can I just show up? Lots of questions.
This 21st Birthday was amazing! Thank you to my family, my friends and my Babykins for making it the best ever!
So basically, I think my term paper is gonna kick butt.
looking pretty good on fox Marilyn
Best thing I heard all morning - "Can't wait till O's ownership groups gets on a plane and never comes back."
On the bright side the #FloridaPanthers begin the playoffs tomorrow... Wait . What? ...
yes! And I'm missing you gaff! But me and are going to be REAL tight!
goodnight tweeters.
#shitfangirlssay oh my god he smiled at me he totally wants me.
heard a clip of one of my mixes yesterday... SUPER excited.
I think I MIGHT be in love with you, because of those last two twitpics.
Guy in the Spider convertible in front of me is distracting. Can't take my eyes off the large bald spot on the back of his head.
Good ol' Sapporo beer to finish the night. Hood night everyone :)
You'll never change no matter how many times you say you will.
haha alright def be up in Rochester a lot cause of and Haha see ya soon!
I meant excellent[ly fact-checked] story.
ok...how you spell "Swole"?
i was walking home & it started raining once i got to my house, i was lucky i didn't get wet!
oh nice that got us far
DANCING IS THE BLOSSOMING OF THE SOUL!!
Killing me Dunc
Disregarding the specifics of Braun's case, an arbitrator must rule based on the facts presented to him. Therefore...
Yes! Been too long.
Home from the gym ! Now watching fight tapes and hittin the shins
Lol, I think I've said enough for the night...or the year. Haha. Besides, I'm going to sleep now. Goodnight.
Still no call back from the Mahopac, NY's School Superintendent office about anti bullying policy that was promised. Should I be surprised?
But you love the 90s.
My big brother called me to see if I was okay💙☺
Thanks sis! Can't wait to see you!!! Think of a song you want to hear me perform
do me and austin need to come lol jk
sounds fun!
lol I meant lunch! Let's make it happen! I'll email you chica!
if you just change your password, you should be fine :)
goodnight fellow tweeters ----> "If the bed bugs bite, kick 'em in the shin." ~~me {*haha*}
I just discovered my new place to escape the Arizona heat! OMG. I feel like I am in Hawaii
I need to start getting ready for bed but I'm too lazy to get up -.-
Live interview with My Press Needs and Printers Marketplace Today @ 11:00am EST on Twitter
is looking for a strong Senior Accountant with non profit experience. Please send resumes to !
We're gearing up for the release of 's new single "Obsessed" dropping very shortly on www.iheartmusic.com Stay tuned!!
he said next time I hear it Imma do what the fuck I wanna do and kick ur ass out my house
#OWIF: It is a stand off now, between the five members of the posse and the four of us
Wait, people are seriously trying to make a big deal out of the fact that Obama ate dog as a child? Man, the GOP would HATE me, then.
Congrats to on his second place finish in the First Flight of the
Jeremy Lin is the man!! Let's go NY!
Did you know... The Data Vault will remove the hard drive from your old pc for shredding in the Data Shark, and e-cyle the rest.
i love buying a bunch of pointless shit online
That's exactly why ion have a boyfriend!
Does Lisa Lampanelli think that her actions on #CelebApprentice are helping her image?! She's a total loose cannon.
HAHAHAHA....I LOVE IT!!!! Hilarious!
Stay tuned for news about my upcoming single! Very different than anything I've released so far!
Game of Thrones
When playing online, fouls are not called as much for hacking. My game has lag issues, is there going to be a patch soon?
Swap the jitters and the bourbon, and that'll sound about right. /
Commission public input hearing is live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
Overwhelmed after an #AMR3 planning meeting, looking forward to in Azerbaijan!
Social media, we love it
After seeing a sweater on the sidewalk, a dirty hippy girl picked it up and PUT IT ON. Her boyfriend was as grossed out as I was.
ok I will try and hurry
THIS WORLD FULL OF PPL ARE SO FULL OF SHIT
Need some late period magic again boys!
once again Derrick rose we need u
I am too, and I find that I care TOO MUCH what they think about me too!
i need money fuck idgaf if i hve to call my dad i just need money for next week -_-
Take a look at Carbonite.
A clothing item is considered vintage if it dates from 1920 to 1960. After that date, an item is considered to be retro, not vintage.
I'm not 😒In SF today!
hahah you did though!
Hey Rachel. Happy Halloween. Been away a min. Just wanted 2 show luv & respect. Congrats on your upcoming nuptials. GOD bless
I just got a summer internship!!!! #TheSocialCities finally some amazing news!!!
I can't wait to go home and get some Penn Station
Happy Valentines Day to all my Twitter friends! Love the one you're with!
We didn't try them. I worked on simplifying the poster down to 3 colors with no copy and minimizing the registration, but I had to take ...
When will I catch a F*ing break?! seriously.
Thanks Sharon :) Im interested in learning more about your book! Our baby is just over 7 months now, so we love kid's stuff!
Imma be on snapped cause my momma is g me drive me crazy
“: Go download app!! It has awesome podcasts and blogs from I love it!”
this is REALLY good;)
not mine you were eating cake and shit
"Europe" BIG RECORD S/O PAGE!
No, thanks for the introduction. Great to meet you!
Of course bron bron missed. Late in the 4th and game on the line. What did you expect?
You can see the game at Johnny's, Member's Club, Quick's BBQ, BoJo's...
Can that experienced be bottled up and sprinkled over this weekend?!?
well I miss my friends /:
Come warm up with us! 50% off all apps til 8:30 p.m. See you soon!
Happy Birthday To Ayee
says who?
There's absolutely nothing wrong with cranking that album. I still do on a fairly regular basis.
Its ok ill have my new one next week.
ALAN still looking good for monday!!!!!
Go Kings go!
Thanks for the follow Andrew. Hope all is well and you're enjoying this amazing
♀There comes a point in your life when you realize who really matters, who never did, and who always will♀
Amazing diving catch from Megan Harris in right puts Hokies down in order. Still scoreless after 3 complete innings.
15 more days and I have my license
Thanks for the follow, Matt!
#YouAintTheOneIf you think its not a problem tryna talk to my bestfriends while we're together...
How are you?
It's time to go back to Seattle. Gah I don't want to go back! I want to stay here and relax for once!
#linernotes ....John Lamkin (the drummer)toured with MC Hammer as a backstage hype-man? Wow..didn't know that
2 close calls today with sprinklers during liveshots... And then it started raining!
that's the spirit of giving!
Dear, Anna you seem really nice and you look really pretty in your icon. Tweet me whenever
Call Me A Temptress., Call Me A Whore., Thats Just A Price Tag., Im Not For Sale. Dont Be So Obvious., Its Unattractive., You Know.
I did well there!!
lol but there are different levels of evilness .. I keep it mild so as to not frighten small children
Happy Friday and Happy Birthday to #Amerks D-man
Big Happy Birthday shout out is due to one of my favorite people !
A perfect night with someone for me is a bottle of wine, candles everywhere and blunts already roll up, food already cook
I feel like starting a game of fill-in-the-blank. Try this one: "Sure, sometimes I dress like a slob. But only because ______________"
The quote TS Eliot used was "Mistah Kurtz, he dead" I'm guessing his title was Mistah. Titles don't matter when you're Kurtz
If a man could have half his wishes, he would double his troubles. Benjamin Franklin
Days like today make me happy I'm back in the services world. Everyone should have clients as great as does.
That's not the elephant in the room, that's the fucking blue whale in the world.
First day of OA Week and Emory Library peeps are wearing their 'I Support Open Access buttons" Very stylish!
yes, yes i did. RT Did anyone hear Sue the NBC anchor talking about a ball hitting her breast at the top of the 11:00 news?
Pop/Rock duo Joey & Naomi is at Council Oak tonight from 9pm-1am
It is an amazing day! There is still time for a third or fourth walk too!
Do you know how I can associate my twitter ID with my speaker profile on Lanyard? Couldn't find info on their website. Thx!
That is a LOT of pencils! “: Went to target to buy pencils. Walked out $137 poorer. #wtf”
Looking forward to speaking at the WACVB fall conference Friday!
you say that now, but later if I ask you to go to victoria secret with me, will you really go?
Im out for tonight did 3 Songs today
did you just evil laughed via tweet? cc:
: Good read on the play. Just heard Shaq make the same reference.
Mama ain't raise no fool and my daddy ain't raise no coward
is manufacturing, packaging & distributing in Long Island City.
My phone's always dying -.-
I keep getting notifications from IG. It is kind of annoying lol.
man city
I Believe in Love. I Believe in Light. I Believe in Me. I Believe in You. And in All that We can Do.
Heard yesterday - Facebook is just a modern day Talmud. Someone writes something and others leave their comments.
Pub. univ's are struggling for revenue & want autonomy from states. UO is first system to push back on this trend. Are there more to follow?
im bout to come down there
Just like in golf, sometimes you have to play
lol I got you
But I do know I'm not buying a Game of Thrones bundle while the Kindle version is 30% more expensive than the paperbacks.
“: something I don't miss: Regents exams.... #newyorkprobs” I hate these.
Day 76 of 100: I am thankful for free Google phone calling across North America, baby :)
I love commercials. Nerdy hobbies lead to national auditions :-P
Rain is just about over the metro again. Salem is about a half hour away from a small break.
Actually it was Spring Break x)
Holy paid vacation, Batman! Make sure you go somewhere exotic.
Make sure you subscribe to YouTube channel TripleTeam3TE ASAP!!!!!
yeah that will be great
RIP Whitney Houston. You were a beautiful person and inspired many!
Another day talking to my bestie and couz! Miss them alot!:(
i guess..so ITS FRIDAY FRIDAY GOTTA GET DOWN ON FRIDAY!!!!!!!!
Lists, questions, shock value, boners.. All good ways to get people to click your links!
I should just accept a "champion" is rarely the season's "best team." WS was entertaining, but poorly played by not the top teams.
Opened SHORT $AUDUSD @ .99775; 13% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 93% SHORT
Omg the tables have turn, I'm kool with the enemy--killin them with kindness:D
An hour and half left and I need 24 more followers....
I love that piece! So creepy but so good :)
yes ima sleep now haha night
lmao for real...unless you wanna work at spencers or some shit
Yes im readyy! :D
Ha RT: introverts are so hot right now
Undergrad leaving class "let's get TRASHED!!" srsly. It's not even 1 pm
Thank you for your strength and inspiration. Your book has given me a lot of clarity and hope.
I love love love your OPI nail colors! I think you are Such an amazing and classy lady!!
Fuck What You Heard....Recognize What You See.
On the telli with Robert (:
my shoulders got burnt kinda...my back pack did not feel good walking home haha
Haven't heard Favre is interested in returning. Has hell frozen over?
My weekend begins today! Yeah!
Free Zebra pens!
