happy birthday. Don't fall in love in there
true! I'm nonplussed by this.
| 's book is free this weekend only. Get it now! #scriptchat RT...
Don't you have to have a job to get a raise?
love to, all night long!! In need of a protein shot!!!
RT Kobe waiting until the fourth quarter to shoot the Lakers out of the playoffs.
The Fray. National Anthem. BAD CHOICE
How perfectly imperfect we are!
yea and having taken singing lessons for eight years I should know that twirling your hair will impact your sining a great deal
IN THE WORKS! SHOULD I GO LIVE ON STICKAM I GOT THE ILL TEEN WOLF LOOK RIGHT NOW LOL
one move at a time! :P
A2: Living here in J-ville, his home town, I thought Tebow Mania couldn't get more intense. Today taught me I was wrong.
Good morning! Have a great day
Obama, Others' Views On Gay Marriage Altered By Personal Ties: SAN FRANCISCO -- In revealing his support for same-sex marriage, Presi...
Text me his number.. I miss y'all niggas blood...
Life really isn't fair....... If I got what I deserved, that would be fair. But grace persist and I'm here. I'm, here.
heard you shot a hoe with your nerf gun. A+
RT - I love the new england patriots. I even play for the little league
I'll do what ever the fuck i want!
Many thanks to all Council members - past & present - for your collective commitments to the women & daughters of
you're outta my life ~
Opened and cleaned 70 cans of baby food my thumb hurts :(
hey casn we talk 4 a minute...
You can go your owwnn way
Arizona ice tea is the only thing that's keeping me sane right now. A giant Boo goes out to Minnesota Weather.
my senior ring is now paid off. #STOKED :D
oh yea haha, we do! Sorry, I dont know where Toronto is tbh! ♥
Ah I see. Thought maybe u hung out at Sea World a bit too much
If im taking pictures for a band at the SA show how do I get photo credentials?
fans still feel good about the upcoming season.
and I wish you could too, I wish you could've came:(
According to the Pew Research Center, only 6% of Americans use twitter; of those who do, 40% look at tweets rarely or not at all! Wow!!!
COME HEAR SOME TUNES BY DAVID BROMLOW ON HIS GUITAR BOOTH 670 #GRC2012 #Financials2012 #MGMvideowall & ENTER FOR CHANCE TO WIN TV!
Don't forget Mother's Day! donate in her honor to the Habitat Women Build www.milwaukeehabitat.org
Hi ...sorry just seeing this ....Thank you! Yes better :) Hope you r well
If you're a Masters ski racer and you drive an , get in touch with
Why do bitches think milwaukee is a valid place to get money at??smh the money u make here should take u 2 other states 2 get 2 tha BIG BANK
I'm actually with wikipedia on this one.
Happy Birthday National Guard! The Guard celebrates 371 years – or 19 generations of lifers!
damn girl keep kicking me to the curb ;-P when we gonna hook up on the dl? ...............never that's why your blocked.
My favorite way to unwind & relax is 2 take a luxurious bath using #Phyto-Bain. It soothes my mind & body with calming essences.
Won a couple decent pots. 8k at 100-200 now.
Turf monsters everywhere
We are SO PSYCHED to be working with Big Light in this weekend's Music Video Race!!!
it got ugly LOL, the fam turned on each other over chicken lol
At workGetting to the MONEY
Self-restraint is putting excess peanut butter back in the jar instead of straight in yo' mouf.
Right with full team remember when I send that tweet !!! After first game !!
Can't believe we're less than a month away from the
the fact that i'm texting AND facebook chatting right now
#FF Shout outs to Stay true to your goals
Curiosity is one of the permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous intellect.
Biggest ovation of the night at the Sweet Sixteen was when the Puke v LeHigh score was announced.
At 1 point I would let my presidents represent me now I represent presidents.
Good morning! What will you do today that requires faith?
what a game.
Justin won!!
in the past hour tho! and I just finished the last episode of season 2 of breaking bad last night this dude stay in some shit lol
Yeah, um, hi.
A new day has come. :)
Ed Schultz is full-on emo today
I'll ev to try to keep my gaming hrs in check.
Steve Sax says hello.
Give dumb kids free tuition to ASU. Use the booze money they spend to fund real education. Solved.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PLEASE FOLLOW ME <3 hope you have had a good day
Re: Cuban- I disagree- tech DOES radically transforms prevailing instructional practices, especially w/ at-risk & ADD/ADHD
Just ate smoked salmon and onions. I plan on sitting really close to at 4 and breathing on her throughout he show.
It's the last weekend of my first year of college...damn.
Do we have a grant writer in our PTA for this great technology?!
did you hear who was on it by any chance?? i missed that part i guess
Thanks for following us!
An Ovum report recently projected digital music revenue to surge 60 percent, thereby reaching $20 billion by 2015.
got me stuck on this angry birds game right now....smh
i apologize. I was just expressing my advanced opinion on your minor-minded tweet
My day today was pretty good!
I called the channel 10 great tv auction 49 times today. Well played public television.
It flew at me and attacked me it bit me it was a crazy bird anyways then one day it got out and flew away I did not care one bit
Man, I sure do wish my sisturrrrr would answer when I call her #shehatesme :/
Thanks! They're fun to make!
I'm so tired of The Black Eyed Peas. It's rock and roll for people who don't like rock and roll. It's rap for people who don't like rap.
how was it? Any fan interaction?
I Would Have Dropped Him Over
I can only work with what you give me.
Lucky you! I went there as part of a cruise many many years ago. When you going?
thanks bra the new mixtape will be droppin Feb. 14
Just child support & and bitterness...
Thanks for the follow!
RIP Mike Wallace
hey Justin, I really cant wait for #believe to come out. You inspire me in everything I do. Keep up the good work...<3NSN<3
Can't wait for date night Dinner at Butcher & Singer tonight. Love !
I want to text you so bad but I know you won't reply..
Excited to be a mentor this year at
Fayetteville is turning into L.C... Lesbian Central.
. thinks they're all tough because they put out a fire today. Whoopty flippin' do! We went and...wait, what did we do again?
Dinner with Matias and our mommies 😊
Clips from tonight's Fringe looks similar to the movie "They Live". Pretty Cool.
Wonderfully! How about you?
no worries! We love you either way! Thanks for having us!
glad you liked . thanks for the recommendation.
Just ordered #syfnotsys from The Film Collaborative
I still have no bread... I'm THAT hungry!! SCREW IT!! I'll use a bagel!!!
seriously if your not big enough to tell me who wrote the note then dontwrite it cause it shows i much your a little b**** ...
Anyone have tips for converting a MKV files format to AVI on a Mac?
Engage, educate, inspire...what do museums do for you? Celebrate #ArtMuseumDay with free admission to the Carlos
when you are. Committing your life to someone make sure this is the right person not the wrong person
I am not ugly. But every time I go to a gay club I always leave feeling like Quasimodo
Chris Paul to the LA Clippers...definitely not feeling that trade!!
Watching a ghost hunters marathon.... f*** yeah
Thanks following!
People who say they can listen to music sober are lying. Music is never the same when you're not on something.
beautiful people♥
Congrats on being a Knight Fellow! Looking forward to seeing the work you come out with! I love Racialicious!
Fuck. What's happening right now?!
Declared by Council of the City of #Pittsburgh, today is "Tony Duran Day" 11/10/11 -10:00am -Councils Chambers - Gene Pietragallo accepts!
Jello WILL kick your ass if you suck, dude. sounds good so far!
Had such a great time at Walter Reed Army Medical Center! Enjoyed handing out shoes to our service men and women!!!
Follow me on instagram
way ahead of ya, I did it last year and doing it again this yr!
thanks babe. It's not but about to get better thanks to some alcohol
Social media offers new opportunities to activate Brand Enthusiasm
Money doesn't buy happiness.
Hanging with jgill and at the miami ne concert !!
Yeah- we get that 2! Totally embarrassed-UPS man jst said "C u tomorrow" cause he knows he's @ our house practically everyday
your Kings. Wait. How much of the team do you own. Why have I not seen any tickets to games. You have been holding out!!!
".. it turned to cute lovey-dovey shit for sorority girls and Tom Petty fans and I stopped paying attention"
What’s your ereader of choice? We have a debate going between and So far, Kindle is in the lead….
Going to Jesus Culture concert in Tampa, cant wait to meet them next weekend!! =)
The most beautiful view is the one I share with you
We'll be playing whatever kellie wants off the new CD! It's gonna be a party!!
Personal growth cannot occur without seeing your SELF as it is, not as you project it to be. Have you assessed your SELF lately?
Pete will never not be a creep.
Working through a bunch of new songs.
Might not be a bad idea, to start a new site with more content and writing. Social commentary, sports, etc. Get friends involved.
Just started working more actively with Twitter - like tweetcaster app for Android
follow bck please... btw i think it's soo cool how your a guy arinator :D
If you love arcade games and arcades from the 80's you should follow these guys. They're super nice and trying to document what is left. ...
I dont know... I JUST DO NOT KNOW lmaao jessica pepera.
People on TV go to sleep and wake up with a smile on their face, but when I go to sleep with a smile I wake up with my mouth wide open
i'm going to see it tonight! heard only great things
Soo it's foreal he has a girlfriend right?orr
True fans love for BRoy. Awesome moment.
I tried too hard and cared too much
we should make it and say sorry for the lateness but we just thought you need to stop growing so fast!
because you like eating ass?
Welcome, soldier who writes.
GOAL MAN CITY!!!!!!! 91st minute!
Anyone with common sense wud kno not to wear Toms wen its raining this damn hard.....lol her feet soaked like shit
played the song 'BIG BOY NOW' by RICHARD W. HONOSKI A/K/A MR. RICHARD on #
What's the point of calling them daddy! or your father when they just end up walking out of your life. -_-
Absolutely! Kudos to you too on your work and we appreciate the mention!
Anytime you suffer setback or disappointment, put your head down and plow ahead
Grilled Cheese is the pacifier of foods.
on facebook? become a fan of "OptionsTradingSystem" !
RT ": I'm in here hyped as shit an my mom tells me to quite down so she can watch glee... "BITCH PLEASE!"" Hahaha
Why? Do I know you?
One Step Up From Slavery
Thank you
of course it's ok ;) I'll send it via fb.
ALL DAY COMBATIVES!!
Just paid for my first app on the Android Market. I don't know why that seems like a milestone, but it kind of is...
yeah. ill give you a shoutie.
CHICAGO BELIEBERS! tweet me if you want me to add you to a facebook group made for us!
RT : Hm. VW Jettas (older version) simply aren't meant for two car seats... cc
Great season Bucks! Although I was looking forward to a Kentucky vs OSU final I'm happy that we made it as far as we did.
It could just be my tech experience but this is not impressing me at all, so I guess Apple is magical or exists in an alternate reality
done done done done. I'm done
Did you make your twitter just for #YAPC?! Welcome. I'm excited.
I've wanted cheetah print hair forever! :(
In Lisbon on our rooms balcony staring at palm trees with a constant smile on my face. Loving western Europe
you know I <3 u lol
Feel like shit 😪
yeah! Salty, knew those bats would start firing up!
Trying to decide what to do this weekend? Come down to San Diego and tour the USS Midway Museum (oh and stay with us too!)...
hi everyone :)
Brown penalty only the worst call I've ever seen... but I'll take the lead, Phoenix can beg for more gift calls
Never mind, I found it. I'll get back to you now.
it's a bad habit
thank you for a fantastic show tonight. I missed you in Austin so glad I caught you in Chicago!
been far too long. ha. I've been doing publicity at Cornerstone for the past year. I'm emailing you :)
Thanks everyone for the grats! :) It's been a great 1st year. We couldn't have done it without you! :)
Ugh homework
Vanilla ice cream with bananas, chocolate, pineapple and strawberry syrup!!!
Cant you see i want you?
next year!!!!
love that btw
Was going to clean my room but my phone won't play music correctly:( #ohwell #newphonecleanroom?
Save the date: Oct. 29 is our annual Bumps in the Night Halloween Party. $10 gets you in and all proceeds benefits our scholarship fund.
it was great to see you in #AmericanReunion thought it was the best one yet, I'm watching scrubs and had no idea u were on theshow
Oh well still omg
OH YAY!!! Im so glad that worked out!!! Have fun!
LA Film Festival - Boyz n' The Hood - L.A. Live
yep, Outlook just expired on my PDC machine from last year...rudely...no more workie...it was the only use for that machine and now its gone
#ThingsICantLiveWithout Good music
Best joint I've ever rolled 😍
RT : Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. Confucius
Happy B-Day!!!!
Well, thank you for the mention!
"we've got great customer servants."
I love
hi yes you could do that by doing a trace to the server, we provide the server name in the customer area
But one type of book that practically no one likes to read is a book about the law. Books about the law are notorious for being very long.
I just spotted a Chipotle while running errands. Now I know what I'm having for lunch : )
Yea I'm smiling but you're not the reason anymore 😁
I'm following you because told me to...don't disappoint. Lol
youll be alright then lol just smelly
One month from today we start recording vocals for the album. Help us pray for anointing, clarity of message, and stength.
Boy Meets World
Now I just need to hear from the only other person I think reads them, and I'll be set to make a decision.
is blowing up. Must follow #Packers fans.
#BOYFRIENDReview it's beyond perfect.
In No. 4 singles, Rudnitsky and Markel are heading to a third set.
Hang in there! Can't wait to see who medals this year!
$82 to add pages to my passport? Love knowing that I have to add pages, though.
guilty as charged
Goodnight everyone! 
I want to met Criss Angel!!!
Much rather have this rain than the heat
School ends at 3:25 on Wednesday. THG is still in our theater. As a beginning of summer celebration, I think I'm going to go see it again.
Success is not found in what you have achieved, but rather in who you have become.
#thatawkwardmoment when you post a happy tweet right after three people tweet about someone dying...
I will be doing some stand up comedy and showing one of my short films in LA this Tuesday at the Improv Comedy Lab 8162 Melrose Ave at 8:30
sorry for the delayed response just search for
love it!
I want candy 😭
my dad's buying a new car:D
think i'm in love with ghost from monster shack crew
Guild Wars 2 pre order available on April 10th! Beta access and 3 days headstart! WOO!
please follow me back ♥
Follow back? :) Im a new mahonie :)
"Sing happy things and one day a man will spring worth loving"-Greg Laswell <3
< he always says the right things!
The whole DHS population can kiss my ass! Fuck that school. I'm glad I'm leaving in 2 weeks.
On Sunday morning, I asked myself "Who would go see BULL RIDING at MSG?" Later on I spoke to my father who said he had a great time.
good luck, break a leg - I"d like to be there but meetings all morning.
totally true. Will be interesting to see if companies or others leak them as trial balloons.
I like #6 the best!
NIGGA BITCHES BE CRAZY!!!!!!!!!
“: yeah, saw all of that. #DHSI13orbust” Cowabunga!
LOVE watching commentating the Super Bowl and not playing for it!
": its wishful thinking" I agree... He could have had HC here before, chose junior national team.
I seriously need a hug
Good as ever... what's going on in NH?
Wow the Broncos for real?
#RejectedPeanutsSpecials It's Snoopy vs. the Viet Cong, Charlie Brown!
No problem. Got it covered and the dog will get walked too. <flex>
Great week....even better weekend now that Karen is home!
is hosting a happy hour tomrw @ Marriott's Tequila Bar & Grille from 4-7! RT is heading to
Check in on Facebook for an awesome deal..5th check-in= FREE FOUNTAIN DRINK. How awesome is that? We're Open 7 days a week!
RT : URPicky Indeed...this is delicious! Hope all is well @ law school! URmissed!
I want to learn how to take pictures of my screen on my phone!!!!!!!!
I'm not gonna blast his business on twitter, but it's not something he just says. Truth be know he hates the label.
ah watching the notebook D: gonna cry later....
Obama is an expert on energy! That's why we spent all of those hard earned tax $$ on Solyndra. So list to this part b/c he knows.
Me too. Went once and dug it highly.
we have had no luck with FB
yay,my tree is down & power is out again,thanks hurricane irene.
: You just made my day by talking sense (as usual), and by coining 'fluffy hippy woo woo'!
Once in a while, include spontaneity into your romantic gesture.
studying to billie holiday, and its effortless.
You're slackin' on your pimpin' bro
getting ready for work while listening to tyler the creator "Blow" nice!
Also, do images have to be digitized? If not on Google Images, or from marginalized groups what does that mean for data?
Blackfriday special 30% off all #BitchImFromMilwaukee shirts and hoodies
Sweet. I'm in good company, there!
"The ball is your husband, hit on it" xD Works for baseball...Volleyball...kinda soccer. hahahah. my coach is crazy.<3
Yaay! It's Friday..That means #FoxPhotoFriday Can't wait!
hey gorgeous
I'm tired of being humble! Was out on the field yesterday doing my thang...
i just entered the win a call from ill send the arianators a link to enter
I'm about to watch The Slam Man on Leno
holy early batman! Coffee?
nope. Just placing bets with people at the bar. Drinks are on the line here!
Went to Maxie's Southern Comfort for the first time last night. It's so much fun checking out so many great restaurants in the MKE area!
#liesbeforesex "I love you",'u r the hottest i have ever met'...:D
Good discussion with a new client today on PR output versus outcome measurement. It's not how much stuff u send, it's about the results!
stop tickling me dude
that is awesome candy.
my mama got me crackin up right now lol
hahaha there's the dan i know
ouch...hope you are going to run indoors when its 100+
Is anyone working on an Expendables-type movie for vampires? Because they should be.
Meditation for today - Luke 17: 11-19 this is pretty deep if you think about it. Thinking about the mental fortitude needed
rude spam - poor behavior to claim it was our RT.
Maybe Pats can actually address a need and trade up for Reed or take a flyer on Bowers. Also would like to add a big WR and a RB
The EcoBoost motor delivers an estimated 355 horsepower at 5,700 rpm, while generating 350 pound-feet of torque at 3,500 rpm
Have you been pregnant before?! LOL!! RT aren't you supposed to dip the pickles in your ice cream?
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Barry Weintraub
i knew i shouldnt let my boy go to prom wit her im gone kiddnap her ass
got som gud news for us an I need you to call me asap
Tonight was kindergarten meeting for Tate. Forgot to ask how much homework there will be.
Raises hand... RT : Campus Activities Magazine readers name DSU 1 of Top 5 in country. Were you on DSU when you were at WU?
It's hump day! And Congrats to all the men and women graduating from the MKE Police Academy today!
" only if there ready to get weird (Friday 13th).
Employers there are several HR Managers waiting to be hired Happy Monday!
Just biffed it on the corner of 25th st and 6th ave. Man wearing eye patch next to me says: "Happens to me all the time, honey."
It's all about appearance & personality.
Matthew #Stafford is one tough customer...separated shoulder on Sunday, back in the lineup on thursday...I'm now rooting for the Lions
Windows 8 to provide more data monitoring for who? The government?
lol dang 3 now lol woo there woman crazy either way im sure u will look fine lol
hey ladies. Catching up now.Preparing for my 5k on Saturday.
We've got a while to think about it, so nothing anywhere near definitive yet. Fun to spitball ideas tho RT Changes? I am intrigued.
I miss you too babee<3 do you hve mono?
My last tweet was sopposed to go to my mommie!!!!! #oops!!
This a game,best team win
Incredibly angry that could have gotten me a Broad Street Line calendar today and didn't. Some friend.
Who's going to go see Avengers with me????
You are so funny! I absolutely love the show! :)
Missed this one before. I'm recovering well. Taking this week easier than most, though. How has your day been so far? Big plans?
Met IRL tonight. Such a nice guy!
RT : The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil. ~ Cicero
I mean it's loud, don't get me wrong, but it's definitely not embarrass the shit out of yourself loud. :)
that's cool congrats and good luck
Yay! I'm finally twitter friends with !!! Prob the coolest girl ever!
RT : The San Francisco premiere of ICELAND: Future of Hope is tomorrow, March 7th, at the San Francisco Green Film......
Jessica Rodriguez is about to take the stage and rock hard with her ukulele. Do you really want to miss out on that? .....I didn't think so!
Hot showers>
OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS!
Hi how are you doing and wat have you been doing
come visit our booth and enter to win a free pass to any of our rides! We're upstairs near the stage.
Hey I loved the dance you put together on DWTS.
This TT is about to get a lot of people caught up. → #MentionMyCrush. I'll pass.....
same to you... I always love connecting with international creative minds from my home state...Much success to you!
Fellow YOUNG JUSTICE fans: what are your Wally West theories, especially after the Aqualad reveal?
okay ur losing a lot of followers then bitch
I just woke up in the middle of the night & remembered that it was 's birthday!!!! 😃 Happy Birthday Shay 😜😏🎉🎈🎁
wale's im on one freestyle: "Like B.o.b, got airplanes, not one J, got a pair or more" gotta be one your shit to get that reference
Enjoyed hanging out with & again today. Nice to meet & as well.
Thank you for making me and 's anniversary so special!! She was so stoked everyone signed the book!
hey harry! hows your day so far?
#Rockies Tulo in this series:7 of 10 ABs have been flyball outs ... 6 straight going back to last night.
Certain places like Italy Ireland and places all around Europe
Hell of a goal! Hell of a game! I'm proud to be a Sporting KC Supporter!
Bird feeder is out. It's officially spring. (FWIW, in my neighborhood, bird feeders go on the AC unit.)
pretty decent selection of beers on tap and nice staff.
Happy Mother's day to all moms - probably the toughest job there is!
Good morning beautiful people!
They say the more you laugh the longer you'll live. Thanks to my friends!, I'm never gonna die.
Back to sitting in my room, watching the world, scaring myself on Halloween ...yes
#FF #dmdcawards finalists See you all tonight!!
thank you so much! Means a lot!
Thank you for your continued support. We sure do need it ;)
But that Tebow kid, now he is an ELITE player.
I would love to join you but I am in session at that time. If my schedule opens up - count me in! Thanks for thinking of me!
My computer has decided its wants the day off! I just want to load images into the database!
Use your Lunch break efficiently and get in and out quickly, $7 Lunch Menu 8 different sliders to choose from plus a side. 11 to 2:22
You still have time to get in!!
We have a new brand of Shutter that we are carry now. Plantation Shutters Fort Worth TX. $15.99 per sq.ft!!
The first day of Spring feels like the first day of summer! See Patrick Hammer's forecast
Lmao , so far its a good night ^.^
We read a ton over the weekend. What about y'all? We love hearing what you're reading, from books to magazines to articles online.
Crazy mug
The library got a copy of the big historical coffee table book I worked on with the consultant over the summer and it looks pretty great!
Stop trying to take my freedom.
Always looking for potential camping destinations. Thanks for the heads up. I have already downloaded the National Parks App!
"inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle" is now available on itunes..!!!!! Rtrt
oink, oink
I almost forgot i had a twitter account.
hi everyone
Up and at 'em. Busy day. Workout, the get ready for first game tonight. Finally a night off of work though. Just worked 8 in a row.
I left my heart in Indiana
Bro it's all to the good. We got you!
Congrats on your Yotes advancing. While I was rooting for Hawks, "Yotes were better all-around team
the byrnes will be here. Sorry coopers you miss out!
Chivas aren't as dirty and cheap as FC Dallas, but they sure are close
Why did the monster dye her hair yellow?To see if blondes have more fun.
Tomorrow is guardian training for the Honor Flight. I'm already getting emotional! Got the name of my veteran today. So excited!
i hate when it happens
My man is shouting out all the woman that are true sports fans and I immediately thought of you :)
Go after your past customers before you spend time and money trying to find new ones. Reminder from Geller
By "fire" do you mean "make the renewal contract so prohibitive that they walk"?
well that was extremely unnecessary.
I agree. I really think I would love to do that one day. The antebellum homes along that river are gorgeous.
Refs blew the whistle as soon as Bennett went down. So even if he fumbled, the play was dead. Refs got it right.
Looks like we get to stay in the neighborhood.
Didn't make time for coffee this morning. Poor choice. Poor poor choice.
Congratulations, Baltimore: I like you enough to give Orioles some preferential treatment in my predraft fantasy baseball ranking! Go Birds!
Portland dinner tonight with #OrbisCascade crowd
I was walking from the living room to the kitchen, and the stewardess told me to sit down
"Whatever you are, be a good one." Abraham Lincoln.
Epic weekend in Denver! Thank u so much for all the love and support, and it was so great to meet everyone!
it was your poison kiss that turned me into this!
You called it, Daigo
Shopping colleges = information overload & fun until your kid rudely tells you to stop talking! Who's paying?
Bryan. You simply can't imagine how legit it is to get a tweet like this from you. Double-cupped coffees for life.
Hi Aubrey..I'm watching it now. thanks.
seems like this needs a blog post on #EMchat -- what are your thoughts ?
upgrades are coming to the registration process. Captains will be able to register players themselves. Invites are no longer required!
So we lost every volleyball game but we all know that that wasn't a shocker ;D
what really is the most amazing app ever you get actual stickers I have already got 2 sets of them and when you
that's gonna be your walk up song
This is why soccer is the #1 sport on the world
Yes, we have our twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn & YouTube accounts added. Having problems??
I'll vote for that..:)
I love watching the Lakers lose...especially when OKC is kicking their a$$es! #Thunderup!!!
Lunch time
Y'all be too thirsty.
Thanks!!! & check out my page's cool new look.
GO DEEP, FREESE!
If one of my family members needed my help I would there ,NO questions asked.Period.
Stuck at home because hasn't plowed our street yet. What's up, Bloomington??
Another day of work on this beautful day
As a PROUD Alum, I am offended at recent statements made by Dave Begel of in regards to UWM students.
RT : I like this whole Monday Night NASCAR thing. Get Hank Jr. In studio, let's cut a theme song and make it official
bottom of pretzel bag salt is the best kind of salt. which makes it the best kind of anything.
me to. Is this a realistic wish, or wishful? In any event: Copenhagen, Ocracoke NC, Barcelona, Mykonos, San Francisco
what date
Governor to unveil state Centennial Balloon @ press conference on Thursday @ 7am @ Balloon Museum.
Yikes. Wow.
Absolutely! And you definitely need to see it ASAP.
one of my favorite places ever. Love.
Damn good. As everyone should (i.e. follow forever & )
We Have Open MIC on Wedsday Nights At Club Jazid ON South Beach
its been a long time coming but i knew that it would come
#MyPerfectGuy Thinks I'm beautiful without makeup, hair product, or super cute clothes, and that I'm gorgeous in a t-shirt and natural hair.
Stay open to the movement of God in everyday things — things with our jobs, neighborhoods, finances, friendships, family.
And if you know of any bands that would like to be interviewed, TELL THEM ABOUT !
I did then she said 2 stop mentioning her in my tweets
ESPN is reporting former Norte Dame Coach Bob Davie has been hired to replace Mike Locksley as UNM’s head football coach.
I'm thinking about hosting a meeting at work :D
Awesome that is just what I have been looking for!
I wouldn't let you eat the chip off my shoulder.
Whatever for?
Thanks bud.
Ebadi: we have to rewrite the history of war to a history of peace
I just noticed my 20oz. says "No Refills" in bold on the side. Like enough people tried... My truck doesn't say "No Refills" lol
cool that's what's up what u do promote?
If a Chicken CAN speak it's either really possessed or is really telling the truth. That ones kinda tuff... goes round n round
What fucken hook shot bubba I just totally screamed
So tired, long day of meetings at corporate. More meetings tomorrow then heading home!
Eh I wasn't really feeling today at all so I'm gonna sleep until it's tomorrow
Good morning people, coffee is made Breakie is sizzling, and we can do this!
A4: If tiger is back, PGA got a mulligan. Need to come up with a plan to market sport without him while he is still around
stop it! serious?
When's the book launch?
your welcome young lady!
Love worshiping with ? His bro is pretty good too...check him out!
I want some to keisha! And nae be quiet
RIP Steve Jobs - thanks to one of your inventions my life was changed. You will be missed but not forgotten!
awww alex knows how to make me smile :)
Same to you Elissa - we sure do keep in mind for our projects!
Attending The library's swiss army knife smart phone session. Exciting
no shit snooki's getting cheated on! Dime the metote Dana!
Has to finish 100 more pages of my book before the night ends...just going to keep reminding myself there's only a week left.
Avnet Integrated Resources’ ROUND2 INC. Donates to The Nature Conservancy in Observance of Earth Day Initiative
RT RT : #German rockers Scorpions arrive in #Israel set to play Tel Aviv's Nokia Arena tomorrow evening.
why limit yourself to them, when they're obviously not limiting themselves to you ?!
Jkkkk I'm going to mayfest 😊
I cant wait until Cotto beats Mayweathers ass!!!
watching jersey shore and waiting for my boyfriend to bring me chinese food yummy!!
Coronas?! Alright :)
fingers crossed for your awkwardness! you should use as the #wingman...#brah love.
Why is Brad Nessler lying?
Class starts in a couple minutes! Live audio today! :)
Great pic of creepy plumber. And the Homer will keep me up at night.
Theres always 30'of cobblestone between the carts and linoleum at Walmart. Im 1/2 a block away before i realize my carts got octagon wheels
When a person says they will ask somebody out using a hammer i just get insanely creeped out and scared
Just as long as we didn't wake you!
me too:(
Awkward on so many levels...
i asked you first!
I usually don't brag but losing weight is not an easy task and I'm so proud of myself for being committed. I can already see results! Whew!
It's a beautiful day in #ATL! I may go on a mission to find or
Apparently everybody had a good weekend.
Aw shucks! Ditto!
I did tho? I'm confused
Dear NFL Referees: Please note that penalties CAN be called against the Broncos and not just the Steelers. Signed: The #Steelers Fans
i never was mia
ATTENTION FIRE MR. LAURIDOUS BOO BO... HE SUCKS!!!! GRRR
Hi Amigos Que HaciendoO???
Sitting back smelling the good aromas of home cookin and listening to some old school jams !yeah buddy!
I love It Girl remix with Jordin Sparks. Love Jason & Jordin together. #Adorable(: #Beautiful #Jason&Jordin #ILoveYou <3
The #SGIA Street Team will be giving away cool stuff next week @ #SGIAExpo. Stay tuned to #SGIAExpo for updates on when & where.
thxs a lot I was thinking of picking blue thxs
If Time=wealth, how rich are you? I feel really poor lately as I TRY 2 manage & Free up time in my life...
Monty's hair = sex. Hahaha thank you for your reply! I love THE DAMNED!
We're getting married on Sunday, July 25, 2010 in Maui, Hawaii...I've been doing most of the planning along with my mom.
Chris should be loading today. Sometime tonight hopefully
Does David Amram live up there?
We love you too Austin! 💛💗💜
Having already watched Richard Jenkins torture youths today, I'm in the mood for THE VISITOR.
Ryan Gosling didn't make it to the #oscars this year!?! One more thing we have in common...
Then you don't know neither Spanish nor French ... GRRR -.-
Guys are people, I swear some girls think there hot potatos. Just be tossing them around.
Nights spent typing papers<<<<<<<
You can conquer any fear if u simply make that choice. Remember, fear doesn't exist in the heart but in the mind. Love & Spirit trumps Fear
Petite Petit paired with steak on a sunny spring evening.
It purple Friday today two more days till we stomp on them patriot clowns
honestly i dont care but DENVER WENT OUT WITH A FIGHT N DESERVE CREDIT
I love your tumblr!
THIS IS GETTING CRAZY
Aww, well, don't feel bad! I don't have kids and I still didn't get to sleep in either :( Maybe next weekend!
needs to dm me.
what a header!
Heading to San Francisco-wood!
What do you think about the new Xbox 360 Update?
I stand waiting for the water to turn on on bathrooms often. Only to find out I had the wrong droids.
We have grapple!
Tweeting song lyrics because they apply>>>
Learner Centered: Exceeds Expectations
were supposed to be doing our projects
#raw10 a Friends Uncle was sentenced to 125yrs. He cried, Judge I cant do that time. Judge said, Do want u can, State will help wit the rest
I gave up on twitter iPhone app. Now I always use echofon. More options.
Dont tell me that you're going to do something. Just fucking do it. I'll either notice or I won't.
IT WILL GET BETTER, HANG IN THERE.
The PURE Project from Brooks is good! I'm running in PureFlow now - great light shoes for experienced runners. Check all four!
awww looks like ur having a blast. Enjoy!!!!
come I need
Haha, it was listed on my facebook info!
Kawhi Leonard leads the Spurs with seven points after the first quarter. Howard has 9 for Utah, 28-17 Spurs.
Love your bio!
Drinking my inspiration.
could you please tweet everybody go follow she is amazing..... please I need followers...
they are realy good
where is that?
For my first tweet I want to wish everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving!!!
#bestsexplace the bed in clean sheets
thanks so much for featuring IKS on your and I share the sentiment regarding the labels!
Lol, very much so!
business what you do. But when little girls try to emulate the perfect image that you put out there dont be mad when the parents get mad
World has more knowledge workers than ever. Saying "except for serious work tasks" is a big exception...
Wearing my deer shirt today I better get some luck!
weather will be the deciding factor. no rain=good chance rain=and it's a crap shoot
Now checking into the game... Metta World Peace. Hmm that looks alot like Ron Arrest.
Watch Girls on HBO, because it's really difficult to write modern dialogue that doesn't sound like two interns raping Urban Dictionary.
IT is TIME people, IT is TIME!
Someone's missing. Where fore art thou ? Should we send a search party?
nothing that i know of
RT : Don`t ask for my opinion and get mad when I tell you the truth. Real shit
Wishing you a happy #earthday tribe!
No problem, I hope so as well!
After hearing what I heard today I needed to call my dad.
100! That show with was ridiculously fun. Honored to play awesome music with her band!
Thanks for following us!
I am :( RT : Who is shocked that Nicki didn't take home best new artist?
ok :) so how u doing? How old r u?
Wat is the number of the hospital???????someone tell me please
I worded that so weird. whatevas
I'm speaking today at the Josie Morris Odum Literacy Extravaganza in Inkster!
Driving home after lifting was a horrible idea
- oh good! Glad to know they'll last that long. Can't wait to unearth them!
My sister asks me the same question 7 times each time I give her the answer she ask the question again is the equivalent of stupidity
BITTER DRUNKENESS SETTLING IN
Video games don't make kids violent. Lag does.
Exploring whit.li. Interesting examples of social matching in api. Now only if everyone were comfortable giving FB permissions
I must admit. I didn't expect Apple to pay $10 bill in dividends AND another $10 bill in buying stock back.
Making changes to twitter with CD being released. If not a follower, you're missing the cut and part of the change to twitter.
on my way to my last chorus concert! this senior year really has gone by fast!
pizza and salad bar
I am never inviting my boy friend no where cause he laggs it too much -______- ugh.
what you got boy is hard to find, i think about it all the timee ♥
vice versa too that shit kill me
I wish I were there. We actually have a sticker from them on our cabinet but we haven't been there. Need tor rectify that.
Marathon Monday you will be the death of me.
Hey thanks for the tweet of my story. Just saw it.
hi bby I love u my wife
Next up, ProQuest stages a blackout to cash in on Twitter chatter.
My alarm clock and I aren't on speaking terms right now.
omg the edge of glory just ended on one station, and just started playing on the other lmao
What up cus on the left side and thats Taylor gang or die...bang
We're already working hard this morning.... never a dull moment!!
what you mean naw fat head
Whaaaaa?? RT #Breaking: AP: Apple says Steve Jobs has died
Why wasn't you in school today ?
don't think my fiancé realizes that for the reception we have to pay per person, which is super expensive. He's gonna freak out!
Wed. night I will be guest performer at Cali Shaw's songwriter series at Scalo singing & playing originals! Starts at 8:30p. No cover.
Its freakin 35 degrees up in my room!!! Im frozen
Once again, the "This is Ed" series from #StoraEnzo has come through. Great resource for designers of all levels.
"What were you doing?" "Nothing." "You were watching videos of Cody, weren't you?" "...Yup"
HI! Can you give me a Shoutout? :P Thanx!
Don't miss ALWC tomorrow morning. If you shouted for IU you better be ready to shout for Jesus tomorrow morning-1030 AM
... "I'm not DRUNK. I have bad KNEES." Ma'am. You've just fallen face first into linoleum flooring...and I'm stealing your justifications.
So warm out right now... Can't believe it
Work-out done! Now to shower!
how do I access archive for today's show, since ETT is now using livestre*m? Can't figure it out-am I missing something obvious?
Forgot 2 share possibly most important thing learned at #c21nonhuman so far. Apparently Montreal is the ONLY place 2 get bagels!
What an incredible series of three saves from Craig Anderson. Quite the goalie duel in #Ottawa tonight.
Just saw sister at olive garden!
I can promote your new single to over 10k followers. 4 tweets a day 7 days straight for only $25 Save time let me do it for you
good 4 u
Stretch before you start any excercise-warm up your muscles. Some people get a massage after exercise to get the muscles backin shape
Rick, Newt and Mitt... If I felt like insulting, Larry, Moe and Curly, I'd refer to these Republican buffoons as The Three Stooges!
My roommate likes to talk about herself.
Um, aren't the Virus shows in the process of selling some such items for what is undoubtedly a good cause?
when u coming back to kc
haha you older than me, but I can dig it
Some days you get the oyster, other days you get the shell, but each day you can make a pearl. ~Alexys Fairfield
Time to wash clothes..get popeyes and finish watching the game...
Sweet. I'm putting it in the books.
this wednesday coming up...interview by Big Agency.
Is Lil wayne dead already..or?..
the best line since "will work for food", vote for me
I can't see Scotty Davenport leaving Bellarmine but I think he could be very successful at WKU.
Um yes, that was me telling you I know without saying it. :)
I think I did.
She's a freak so I had to hold back....just to see what she do when she can't get that..I was right now where she at??
'.' if u follow meni would die ur my world!! Follow me on twitter to please?!
It's about time I get a pedicure!
Give me something to believe in!
A man's character may be learned from the adjectives which he habitually uses in conversation. - Mark Twain
We are introducing Whisk Reputation. Yelp feedback monitoring, responding and social media strategy... Would you be interested?
I am done with school
I love this one
I'm just a Holy Fool, oh baby he's so cruel, buy I'm still in love with Judas baby.
holy hat that was a serious
Hope you get your second and third winds soon!
serious changes in one small area can often lead to changes in other areas of your life as well.
:o it's really good! (:
Roast beef chili with bacon and white cheddar at - one of the best cold (or any) weather dishes in town.
Just wrapped up with Chauntelle Marie Loose @ NoTies Model-Management :)
Can we please also agree on removing the "p" from raspberry?
how much was it in 02? I was thinking like 3k for some reason. At least in the 3ks. That's more a 200% jump
Some people are just really mean... its not needed....
Listening to stories of journalistic sausage-making gives me the impression of truth as a threshold in a network of tropes
Getting back into the swing of things after an AMAZING vacation with my family!!! Audition tomorrow morning after ASL! It feels good! :)
getting ready to go to our neighbor's party with lots of alcohol and a rockin' band
G'night everyone!!!(: <3
Agree! : LOVE sharing TwitterVille w/ #Grateful ♥
Happy World Book Night!
I live in a little town called Smith county.
Happy 88th Birthday to Hedgerow Theatre in Rose Valley.I was an usher there when I was just 14.First repertoire company in the US.
stay strong bro!
Missed my flight, but at least #Laguardia is bumping jams right now at the terminal.
Committee members concerned over amount of exits, more parking spots may not solve problems.
ok...I guess it just wasn't in their line-up during the intro. That's a relief...thanks
;D lmaoo i didnt even realize wat i did till now
o snap
So I lost 2 followers today during my #livetweettreesearch. Sounds about right. Those that stayed, I commend you on your bravery.
ba ba ba ba baby Don't forget my number!!!
im sowwi i am listeing to my last cover by dylan holland ft peyton sanders
they be like can i get an amen!
hey what are you doing
betting? More like sacrificing boxes of cap'n crunch to the gods of his arm.
I'm about to take a long nap since I'll b at it ALL night
Set out this morning with a goal to complete 2 of 4 flows for this project. Nailed it.
It's weird, all my Exes are really nice to me...I wonder if it's because I'm a good guy or because I have photos of them naked?
Daily Report: Facebook Plans to Name Names in Fight Against Worm
Thank you daylight savings time for completely ruining my morning. Another way I'm reminded I'm not from here.
#Thanksgiving vocab in preparation for Turkey.Plymouth- a city in SE Massachusetts: the oldest town in New England, founded by the Pilgrims.
It's the last day of finals today! The library looks and smells lived in. I always forget how horrible finals are.
Set my alarm for 8pm instead of am. Woke up at 1040 and don't know how. Worst start of a day in a long time!
Shit working like a slave and tryna maintain... you been good???
Cringes when there is bumper to bumper traffic at 10:50 p.m. Seriously!?
can you dm me?
#NowPlaying. Michael Jackson. Butterflies.
Sent my Ma & Pa to concert for Mom's day & she texted me they're having a GR8 time! THANKS LADIES! #winning☺
So Sad... RT Official: 3 tickets share record Mega Millionsjackpot; winners in Maryland, Kansas, Illinois -
my older brother used to be an aau coach. i'm going to buy it, read it, then give it to him as a gift...lol
...and I thought I was nuts with the amount of tabs I keep open....
Building starts going vertical this week
Only occasionally. But the CTA isn't as scary as DART.
a week
Ugh I hate the creepy-crawlies.
sure lol you took it hard!
Nvm..eating somewhere else. Too full..ugh starving!
Lightening speed! #amazing Thanks for the call!
RT "the people with the biggest hearts, always suffer the most"
hes all the way in Germany so he's got it coming lol
LEAST susceptible: security tools; ERP CRM; office productivity (really?)
Hahahahaaaaa From: A Bitter That Manning Didn't Choose Us But Glad Tebow Didn't Either 49er Fan :)
It's a pARty! (with + for the Chaotic Moon pirate party).
He wandered into the room telling me his nose was "stuffed." I handed him a tissue, not realizing he was being quite literal.
TGIFFAO = Thank God It's Fish Fry At O'Lydia's. hehe
Seeing a ton of short films and plays for the Edgemar festival submission process. In the case of shorts, less is definitely more.
On the AirPlane now. Scared AF. Lol. Bout tuu take off.
serial records are so fascinating to me. Each one is like a mini-history if you can decode the crazy...
Should You Have Good Pricing or Great Pricing? Should you have good pricing or great pricing? Our first instinct is to have great prices
oh ok, I gotcha. That makes sense!
OH: can I pee in my own butt?
#lessambitiousgames Village of Warcraft: Mild Upheaval and Minor Destruction
SkinCeuticals Emollience... Great for a White Christmas in Aspen to a dry Christmas in Arizona!! @ Be Belle
Ditto! “: thanks again for 2 amazing sessions today. #ilf11 #fangrrl”
At sxsw fit together panel
#WonderCon 2012 is a wrap! Thanks to all of you who stopped and talked to us and got to see what high quality $10 tees is all about.
thanks likewise sure ;)
RT : Obama: Today, I can report that, as promised, the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of this year.
RT : The key to marvelous team performance is sharing a common goal.
Never been more proud to be friend :)
ME!! RT RT : How many of you are east coasters about to watch it??
I am grateful for Allen Ginsberg who fought censorship and taught me that you can really say it all. He opened my voice.
Remember when had good prices?
nobody else can make me happier then this guy
jakes pussy ass is taking forever to eat.
did the Lodi one close? That sucks. I liked that place.
Looking for value-packed products to teach you how to make big $$$,then visit the Baltimore REIA store-tiny.cc/Baltimore-REIA-store
Missing Seth
Does anyone else fall asleep in class?
Vince Young signed with the Bills good for him, does anyone know his dogs name?
y'all senior prank won't be nothin though :p
queestion: about adoption of cut/paste/remix - will be incorporated
#Milwaukee and #WestAllis...Tomorrow is time for Brass Monkey 2's (700 East Layton) #Christmas Party. Music, Food, Booze, Cheer, All Day!!!
Integrated Motor, Accommodation, Sequential Memory, Fixation, and Directionality Vision Training Skills NOW integrated into Metro Math.
Good luck with that!
Another episode of Job Search Radio - live right now - www.jobsearchradio.com - meet job seekers and employers
not sure how we go about getting a ride on Artemis - but the stops in to Miami this spring 2012
Power is out in parts of Charles Village and Remington. BGE says they expect it back on around 10:30pm.
Today is going to be a fantastic day. Period.
Began THE ONE AND ONLY IVAN this a.m. by reading the first 19 pages aloud to 5th graders. Probably not sleeping 'til I'm done.
Charlie Brown
#Sopranos still best show on TV
ha that is awesome! At least you're manly enough to admit.
i wish i was the type of person to confront someone when something they do upsets me.
Watching "Heathers" Better than Mean Girls. Lol
Good look for taken the time to listen mang... I produce all my tracks also..
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend......No further explanation is needed!! We all know that one!!
Happy Christmas everyone!
Official count: 48 attended. I think that's something to be proud of. :) That's 48 times at least 25 young minds!
what else is new. Sadly execs in nonprofits are always bringing in that money
Gotta brain full of .....
Its cold o.0
Nothing says fun like a meeting to set office protocol.
I gotta get this off , hoping it goes smoothly .
If I could do a backflip, I would. Just finished a major revision of my latest novel. Time to celebrate!
Hello Columbia university!
The Orioles spanking the Yankees again....Nice!
you're not enjoying nyc properly if you're watching tv ;)
you are so awesome! :)
Look at those double A patches. I use to wear those patches for a long time.
Ha, Just seems so typical of current book industry that a title like that would get huge buzz and headline Publisher's Lunch.
Due to a power failure the WE location is currently closed. is working on the issue and we will keep you updated.
wouldn't that be nice...
I guess that's really all on me.
BidFather.com will open its doors on June 26th at exactly 12:00 PM. Register now and prepare yourself to bid with 10 free bids!
my mom said she will double my allowance if u follow me :) come on, i dare u!
Homework as usual.. Good luck Girls On Track!!! Hope your kick-off dinner is amazing!! <3 A
You are welcome. Like your videos too!
$4800 for a two week tattoo fundamentals class seems a bit excessive...
awesome! Well not cause your arm but the ringtone is sweet!!!
bored bored bored bored.
uh... he's already following me but thanks anyway... love<3
Were all the seahawk fans at poor saints wow they lost to the under dogs its like USSR vs the seahawks
Love it man....especially Eyenga's block on the Queen.
Taking a Staff tour of our rental sites in #BoyleHeights & hearing awesome ELACC history from our VP Maria Cabildo!
Thanks so much for the follow! Have a great day!
Yes, John Lauber at Cranbrook. All the other boys involved remember the incident but ol' Mitt. Imagine that.
we love to clean!
I don't wanna!!
Anybody ever tried Arbonne? Just got some samples :)
Going to Florida this April :) ...hopefully
People have this need on SM to say "I am here." Whether it's a bagel shop or a museum. Love to capitalize on here-ness.
every time i say TUNCHI i get realy happy
Thanks and for the shoutouts! Glad to follow you!
Toddlers and Tiaras =)
7.I have two brothers.
On my way to Dallas!:)
now there fighting jaxon has bit jasper many times his neck is red his lip is bleeding jaxon is a fiesty son of a bitch
I Wanna Go Sky Diving !
hehehe water ice... You silly easterner!
Aren't you solo?
Oh Hootsuite, why are you dumb?
That was pathetic and self deficating, by the way, thanks to this is my new saying
Hope you enjoyed fake Midway zombie apoc. Woulda went longer if my phone was post 1986. xo
Hannibal won best club comic but got edited out, of course
better get me a nug on a frisbee or else!!
I'm pretty sure "Glee" has jumped the shark. I know because Ralph Malph was on last night's show.
Everything I do is for a reason
hahahahaha what?! Okay okay he better see it. O.o
Change of plans.. I guess I'm staying in with the kid! and have fun without me!!
Michael Blackson is one of my fav comedians because of his accent 😂😂😂😂
Thank you brother! You came through huge for your teammates. I'm a friend for life. Anything you ever need, let me know.
#FF great for ski industry related news and insight to Massachusetts' #1 ski resort
Electrolux PLHS267ZCB3 Refrigerator - The Kitchen Appliance ...
Playoff basketball in the triple A tonight!
Just because you THINK everything revolves around you, that doesn't mean everything actually does....
Ready for Friday!
wanna have sex
no worries Ma.. was gonna be real sad if you were all the way here and we missed each other. chat this week?
Positive Thoughts Are Helpful, And Generous.Negative Thoughts Make You Lead To Stress, Unhappiness, Regretting Things. Live Your Life Right.
Andres, thanks for your encouragement. We need it! Thanks.
I wish fast food restaurants served lunch food in the morning ...breakfast food is disgusting ....
its on North Lopez Street in Mid City
Just want to let you know "Paralyzed" will not get out of my spirit!
If you could feel what I'm feelin' then it's a musical masterpiece!
unless you don't have it off :-)
Yes, you do - there are some great edu-related conversations over there
I could care less... DIEKMAN GOT THE WIN IN HIS FIRST MLB GAME!
Srry I barely get on
So many fail because they don't get started; they don't go. They don't overcome inertia. They don't begin. -W. Clement Stone
OMM how did I not realize was following me?!?! I have been asking him to follow me for like ever! What the heck
i had such high expectations for Adam Lamberts new album.
hahaha. it's funny because it's true (and sad).
bet thanks man
Common denominator came on shuffle, then after that Turn To You came on. Skcksocioajcksjfieiif his voice. 💜
Free shipping on all handmade miniature tile jewelry in my shop! Http://ShrunkenCatHeads.Etsy.com
An hour until I can check in. Of course my bag just broke.
10 days until #warpedtour tickets go on sale at Vans. (;
Awesome keep us posted on things go for you.
HUNGER GAMES. 1 hour. Can't wait to enter the arena with
BRO SOME ONE STOLE UR SONG!!!!!! THERES A SONG EXACTLY LIKE YOURS! SAME LYRICS! " PARTY AND BULL SHIT!!!!"
So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future
yikes - I feel for you
What is this traffic
you in today?
Oh man what a start to the day- basement is wet after last nights storms and the dog gets sprayed by a skunk! Let's hope the day improves!
not as funny as when I actually say "HI JOIE"
u have tht pierced? :o
It's nice to be nice to the nice.
After 2 weeks off I am back in action! Hope everyone had a nice Turkey Holiday with family & friends! New VIP set coming tomorrow! XOXO!!
Restaurant Week starts on Friday! Come join us for dinner or lunch!
Slick Rick & Dougie Fresh!!!
depends on the player and if we get the #1 pick or not, but yeah I would. He's exactly the type of SG we need
Facebook owns it?
haha stop swearing!
Sierra! Love you Gurll! <3 Please DM me back! Love you xoxo PLease Look at your DMS.
Hahaha yes. RT : Like most things in life, the Keebler Elves are terrifying when you think about them long enough.
“: Happening now: Lots of YPs, community leaders gather at #RocCity Rising 2012 #rocyps” and #ROC Superstars
“: not really Conrad's fault that the Crew have been shut down by Suppan/Batista in the span of 2 weeks." - very true
lol yea whatever bro
Think about building apps that help librarians find people and connect, not just organize the stuff we have. Love it!
what is niall eating:)
Prod: It's so hot I had 2 pull my sleeves up Kenneth: u just want people 2 c ur muscles Prod: Yall c Kenneth hatin Roc: yo Kenneth y u hatin
U KNOW WHAT TIME IT IZ!
haha I like it though!
You can pay me in sushi! ;)
Long ride home from Weston <
Gonna get a little bit sideways
The law on NRA lobby is predicated on the idea that white life is in peril in the South and that blacks/hispanics r dangerous.
Life is moving too fast for me right now.
sounds like a noble cause, indeed! Cheesy Gordita Crunch + Waffle Crisp Mocha = dream lunch
Less than 48 hours away from Vegas to see fight. I can't sleep too excited
Colton shouldn't have gone home
Why is it that we argue consistently with those we are closest to?
Lots of "Brother Time" come Monday...that's what's up!
I don't. I only cast the roles that speak.
I don't know what a Demi Lovato is...
Mix round 1 is finished! Keep your ears out for demos this week.
OMG Girl I Love You So Much !
Seeing a lot of anger directed at me from #Athletics fans. I'm sorry. Can I make it up to you? I'll sponsor a tarp in the Coliseum.
BEAUTIFUL MISTAKE dang it!
In bed: replaying conversations in ur head. In shower: rehearsing conversations in ur head. In person: speechless
I saw when you was talking about this wanted to ask but I know it's a touchy subject
“: is 30 seconds too long? wrote something up and its about 30 seconds.” that's perfect!!
had some crazily real dreams about last night....
who's signing?
RT : I just got to go play with robots with science fiction writer Robert Sawyer.
They left Chalmers open like this bitch ain't making shit lol
Great, gotta go to the doctors tomorrow to see how my ribs are. # :/
Thanks for the S/O!
The yellow line is super close to the touchdown line
The DMV is a crazy place. Lmbo & these ppl!!!
StratML Part 1 was recently submitted to ISO TC 171 for consideration as an international standard.
Lilys. This is why I like radio
With the right people by my side anything is possible
Happy birthday ! :)
so when can I go bet on horses while sticking a 20 into a slot machi...oh. crap
Love the word Kerfuffle. Don't think it's used enough in every day speech & major literary works. We need a National Kerfuffle Day.
Thank you, hope you had a great weekend! RT : true, i got it, thanks for your time
Happy International Women's Day! Great young women's event in Point Loma.
I'll remember this day forever!
SAT word of the day: contrite (adj.) penitent, eager to be forgiven
Our services speak 4 themself. Can u do a conf call tomorrow? Email us @ #THF We are now Worldwide.
your beautiful!♥ xx
Yard work with my Dad--this takes me back!
my mom did that to my poems cause she knew it would b the best way to hurt me. she has disowned me now.
ha! Your pic is hilarious!
lmfao, someones living on the edge...
Farewell, Seattle. Goodnight,
NNNNNOOOOO #GabeCarimi to the Bears!! Damn it!!
It just is...I wish I could close it back up. I've tried so hard to. I shouldn't never re-open it to love...never again
Beautiful weather this weekend in #California. There is sunshine on the beaches and warm weather to get everyone outside.
Walked 2.76 today. Wing still jacked.
claims this is worse collection of players than saw the floor most of last year. Don't know I agree. Still, pretty ugly.
why, do you have a 38 S&W?
imma have to get some of that
We usually play at 8 on the tour. So figure doors at 7 and we play 8. I'll put u on list
Cece sing that song
Sounds like the good ol' days.
OMG I got my tickets to see you in Chicago. I'm so excited I've loved you guys for over a year here in the USA
basically it's all your fault
Where to go for lunch. Today.
that works too.
they do, but it doesn't mean I have to like doing them. :)
Come in and try our lunch torta special! Carne asada topped with black bean salsa, avocado mousse, and cotija cheese. Served with a...
Good luck!!!
La la la la Wait till I get my money right
I learned that everyone is beautiful from thanks girl!:)
MUSES: I just figured out I have a new quirk! if I am tipsy I want to CLEAN everything! So hurry home and start with the kitchen! LOL! NOT.
Those two aren't at all alike. And that seems like something you read an agreed with more than something you really felt.
I know I just did random ones haha
So will I. Believe me. But thank you! (:
hm. Good, been better, but good. :)
why thank you pretty lady c:
Ham Sandwich RT : Guess what I'm eating
Would love to have you on to discuss your piece.
Studying all week. Then BREAK .... Yes :D Can't wait.
Hello Jersey Shore
Claim your blessings. Don't let the voice of the devil make you change what you want or accept less than you deserve.
HOLIDAY FASHION TIP: Patterned & sparkled tights with a LBD makes a perfect holiday ensemble.
Im soo happy for you!! xoxo i really wish he would follow me it would mean everything plz ask him to follow me:]
Love you on Wipeout. How about a retweet?
": That awkward moment when you have to make up an excuse to not hang out with someone because you'd rather chill at home."
Wow! Sagan is impressive.
True story “: That awkward moment, when you go to grab somebody sexy and tell them HEY! But your hand hits the mirror..”
Congrats on a solid series. Keep doing your thing. Curious being from NJ are you a big Devils fan?
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA AND #Antonio DUDE CHECK YO TEXTS
Thanks Holli and Michael from Playboy Radio "Swing" for having us on air today! We had a great time! Listen to "Swing" on Sirius102/XM 102.
The City is hot today me like!
I usually store all my random thoughts on twitter. I'm a few days behind. I will dispense of them now.
RT : Don't settle
yes- NBC 33 Facebook page and on their website;)
“: Wowza! That's why you have the canons and I the .50 caliber...”. I think the 50cals are ready for battle anytime!
You and Damien Marley make a great duo.
Several more hours of work to go. I'll spice it up with some red wine! I'm thinking a Malbec.
I drink deer blood with my sausage biscuits...
Waiting to get pick up to go to the movies.
That one is my favorite but the mango-filled Tang-topped is a close runner up.
Good morning and happy Friday to you all!
I'm craving chocolate strawberries!
we're looking for an outdoor kitty. I saw one named morti. So cute!
Its getting better
I would like to see the Help & Viola get one.
duhh he does ;)
Good night! Thanks! I'm gonna try not to! :)
You gotta love those Chronicle ledes.
Off to dunks and to stand in a line for HOURS! you ready?!!!
yeah i wish add me
Since you asked, I'll let you know. The reason Oscar is so grouchy is because he's unemployed and lives in a trash. You'd be grouchy too.
now I have to get back on it...
Hi sorry for the absence dad still in ICU getting things fixed on the farm in Mo. got the creek fixed so we can cross in the car.
The droid that u have is the 1 jason had when him n ness started the droid/iphone war that they have goin on! Lol
top 3 mid May, winner announced May 28 on Xtra Frame live from Summer Shootout in Chicago
Tried. They asked me if I was waiting for Ingmar Bergman. Apparently my Cool Irony comes across as Patient Sorrow.
Today 1953: Milwaukee Braves official debut in Milwaukee at County Stadium beating the Cardinals 3-2 in 10 innings.
Do you know of any similar films happening in the US?
Why did the boy become an astronaut ?Because he was no earthly good !
Cant believe i got overly drunk last night...lol
A sign of business maturity is learning to delay pleasure. Think about it.
GOD gives us opportunities but it is up to us to make the most of them!!! Take nothing for granted!!
so if we do a colab shirt with Love Translates clothing who's gonna pick one up!?
Here we go. Looks like we'll be homeless for about three months beginning June 8th. Any StL peeps need house sitters in June or July?
Interested in going Kayaking on the Potomac this Saturday? The offer today means we'll have to get there early!!
Quick: The Lorax or Friends with Kids?
Which jazz bassoonist did you discover?
Golfing with the fam :)
Thanks for signing up with ZoomShift. If there is anything we can do to help you out please don't hesitate to contact us.
GM. We r looking 4 sales people that know what it takes 2 seal the deal all over. Get $100 sale send inquiry 2
RT : AND margaritas...cheers! :) “: #FF : She was our very first follower on Twitter and loves Mexican food!” Ajua! ;)
Did you know ?A National Centenary Task Team (NCTT) was formed whilst in all the Provinces and Regions to aid with year long
I know damnit it sucks.
Busy Friday for me / spinning at boiller room then libra loungee
How cool are you kids - amazing...
Miami Beach earlier, Calle Ocho now, later...
oh honey, welcome to my world.
CMON UP TWITTER IN THE NEXT 12 MINUTES!!!!!!
Ainge was college player of the year?
no worries!
I miss you too! when yu get off?
You look awful
What happens after I tell you “I like you”?
i guess this is fail all the tests you can week for me.
I just want my mother to be alright
Black ghetto gay males are messy af, messier than these females. haha
i have but you still love me when i ignore you
Then after the #Smackoff you need to listen to
God only gives three answers to prayer: 1. 'Yes!' 2. 'Not yet.' 3. 'I have something better in mind.
while i dont mind not having a phone for a day now i gotta catch up on calls, txts, and notifications.
You can"t turn a hoe into a house wife and You can't turn a bitter bitch into a girlfriend
#ToyotaAztecTriviaTime: In honor of the Women's Bball team's victory today, how many total rebounds did the #Aztecs have? Include hashtag
hey XD sorry for not coming back. I was tired
Congrats on defying on the odds and becoming only the fourth champion to survive the elimination chamber...
there's an Ollie's Bargain Outlet on Dixie Hwy. I think it's like a TJ Maxx for auto parts and leftover holiday merchandise
people who dont take the past with em are doomed to repeat it... Hm...
My cousin just ran into my boyfriend n the rest if the iconic boyz at longbranch!! She's soo lucky but nicks mine soo
thanks cutie I love you lots sweet dreams
Good luck!
Still love the soundtrack though!
count me in!!!“: dude - we need to hang out. It's been way too long -”
Good morning world I'm sitting in traffic thinking positive thoughts
HEY GUYS! DONT FORGET TO DO THE INFINITY NIALLER THING TOMORROW! K? K.
Sure was lol good times
The challenges on pt1 of finale were über lame! Sushi bingo? Seriously?
Everything in my car is rattling. I'm not sure if I want this to be an earthquake or bad struts.
eek. Glad I changed channels - My Strange Addiction
so Obama is guilty of plagiarism? is there no crime he won't commit? /sarcasm
The Descendants will take Adapted Screenplay, because it won't win Best Picture.
Oh, I'm here in our Nation's cap. Pretty bad when you have to hang Georgetown NCAA banners from the rafters.
I feel like Coach Norman Dale driving through KS right now, thinking about the smaller town and my future in it!
Beautiful day for a sail
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is to just blow up twitter.
And this is why I'm not a fan of cats. The end.
Gregg Williams should receive a lifetime ban from the NFL.
MADISON OMG
Nice morning stroll to my house fucking Australians
you won't?
today marks the 4th anniversary of and i love you
what about alternates/combat or throwbacks??????
Both the and the are keeping me up late with 3rd OT in one game and inning 15 in the other.
Change Is Apart Of My Life... Don't Change Me To Be Apart Of Your Life...
hope you are staying cool! good thing Austin indoors are well blasted with AC!
#favoriteoldschoolartists The Four Tops, The Jackson 5, Chaka Khan, Stevie Wonder, The Spinners, The Whispers, Marvin Gaye, Gladys Knight
What's up
fine and u?:D
Michele Bachman is terrible candidate America
Strive for progress, not perfection.
What's your fav flavor?! RT “: Love my #mix1 drink after a run #totesamaze :-)”
I hate car shopping... now I gotta figure my stuff out
I could not be happier that this school year is ending soon 😊👍
"She say I'm Cocky, I say that's Not me. She call me "Papi" and I say "Ben aqui""
your bracket is busted!!!
Happy Easter!! Love your family!
Got out of class an hour early! Heck yeah!
