pardon my swayger.
Thinking of you.
Need a weight loss plan? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
they also discovered people make more angry decisions when thinking in german
It was soo cute when Justin gave that kiss too Selena (:
Flipped to "Olympic trials: volleyball". It is MENS and it is indoors. Disappointed is the understatement of the century.
its wonderful:)
racially speaking?
I dont curr of they tawkin tomorrow, cause tonight is the night that I give you every thing, music knockin til the moanin light.
It's Teacher Appreciation Weekend! Tell us about your favorite teacher on our Facebook page and Twitter
FREE show tonight with EleventySeven at Tripoint (281 & St. Mary's) 7pm. All ages! BE THERE!
Josh reddick looks like he has a cold
thx- I read it like 7 times and still had no idea what you were talking about
one glimpse of the wonderful #stan and it all becomes guiltily clear!
hahaa thanks bro. Let's do it
I'm disappointed. I was hoping it was the old school baby beat logo.
Wish we had one of those down here in south bay...
I know I know. I'm such a bad 80s child.
Gotta say it again...haven't been this impressed with a Hip-Hop album in a while...B.o.B's "Strange Clouds" is worth a purchase!
and today, it's all Ohio... tweets forthcoming
It's been more confusing since Kevin Gregg came in from the pen wearing the beard off the Nationals' racing Abe Lincoln
no is it ugly again?
John Galliano Launch Online Store Life has not been too great for disgraced designer, John Galliano, after his anti-Semitic outburst in a
Ugly Xmas Sweater Party tomorrow night. I don't own anything even remotely as disgusting as what I've seen people wearing in Williamsburg.
Weird sinus pressure going on this eve...not cool
everyone has a story but we don't kill anyone or anything
BBY I LOVE U.
lmao show her what happens when you wake christy up from her beauty sleep .. (;
You can get past a dog, but nobody messes with a lion!!!
wow...potty mouth
i wake up at the same time everyday. i need a "crack-of-dawn" kind of job.
Thanks for this Janus! Much appreciate
": We're starting an official petition for an #clubawesome tour!" We Second that!!!
haha yeahh and Louis is a little to old :/
nigga when you turned to the side you had me D E A D. did i ever tell you god bless
Health and fitness is a lifestyle. That doesn't mean you have to be an athlete, but you should be good to your body. via
Exciting things are in the works....
WI is beautiful! Morning's not bad. I still need to get it my booty call, but it's happening shortly :) How is your morning?
There's quite a difference of ages haha xD Well i guess she's in her Silly Teen Age period or something like that.
Weeks bought a suite for the games tonight. U there?
Your the person who called me names when i was little, we went to the same school and yet it was like you never even knew me
Thanks! I think it will be grand - sorry you can't make it!
rock on !
Wow my dads been gone for 17 days and i cancel my plans for him, and what do i come home to him and my stepmom practically having sex
Heard great things about the BioMed program!
you do know its gonna rain tomorrow right?
I should of went to school today & not tomorrow
Lookin for a receptionist for the barbershop get at me
Cisse just scored the goal of the season... WHAT a strike. Newcastle's first league win at Stamford Bridge since 1986. Wow.
nothing beats the breakfast buffet here!
thankyou all so much for keeping the followers coming! iknow i havent been on lately but ill try to be back asap promise!
Freedom parkway is a complete flustercluck right now
“: cherish the memories. The Atl is better with u back in the grind!” Thank ye, sir!!
Inbox full, I imagine. MT : RT : Please submit reactions to today's editorial cartoon to firingline
yeah. Feels great don't it? -____-
Note to self: no retweeting of .. Bad maggie..
the sound I hate the most... The sound of an Alarm clock going off
if i was to sit around & wait for yo tax money... or for you to take care of me... all u hoes a want me...
Thanks! You'd spit it out though, right?
RT : Now following the best football show
Once Upon a Time in Anatolia (2011)
Library of VA needs volunteer help on Thur & Fri to prep for a major mailing (8000+ pieces). Call if you are coming to help 692-3901!
BRO LET'S DO IT NOW
College: Sources: TCU to name LSU's Johnson coach Trent Johnson resigned Sunday as LSU's basketball coach, the announcement coming on th
We must try to do the best with the limited resources that we have.
if it aint another its another
Wondering if all the teeth whitening products I use are voided out by the half a pack of smokes I go through and pot of coffee I drink...
Farewell to a real American Cultural pioneer #DickClark RIP and THANKS
: Follow inspiring artists!
still waiting on it! It should be delivered today or tomorrow. Super excited.
oh, that is evil. i like it. :)
oh definitely. I've been growing it since 6th grade, I would be so pissed with myself later if I cut it short
all about that loyalty says alot
I can't believe school is starting so soon! Summer cannot be ending...
:You performing?
My darling civil union partner<3
Blustery morn, might need a cup of Amber Dragon with a Blueberry muffin before heading to work.
Have a bank of 4 on the 6 yard line and a row on 16 yard line & Barcelona are gash. Stop the through ball. Cant do anything from the wings.
It's Quatro de Mayo... you know what that means?! That means $1.25 Pacifico & Corona and $1.50 Taqueria Tacos all day tomorrow!
Can't wait for Spring to get here! We are all ready for some warm weather and to get outdoors and enjoy the Sun! www.SolisEnergy.com
Have you seen, heard, or are going to anything/anywhere that's "Only in Pittsburgh?" Use the #onlyinpgh hashtag to share!
I will start tomorrow. But it will be more of a collection of my thoughts. I'll have to organize it later.
What's on your Christmas list this year?? Share with us!
Logan Schafer is officially a beast. Too bad the outfield is so crowded cause he might be even better defensively than Go Go Gomez
Thinking about you this morning. Hope all goes well today!!!
Who else is enjoying this weather in the middle of winter? Pretty crazy!
Murmur. Reckoning. Fables of the Reconstruction. Life's Rich Pageant. Document. Green.
Morning. Woke up to some str8 BS, however my motto right now is IDGAF. Therefore I'll continue my normal routine n leave the children be...
And the timing... RT It is funny how Komen was exposed and enable more women to become advocates of thier own destiny.
thats not very nice. Why should someone change who they are & what they like just cause they're getting older? 30 is young btw
i been good , how you been ?
should start thinking what to have as lunch later~ subway? americano? sushi? kebab? what else thou -,-
I'm the cure for AIDS.
#healthtip: Flossing helps remove the debris and plaque that stick to teeth and gums in between the teeth.
food was no bueno, service was just bad
I would second to confirm, that Bill Cosby is right on that, overall!
Oh yeah I love your avi :)
Guy w/ movement bracelet just asked the teach whether or not women could get pregnant if someone jizzed around the outside of a vagina -_-
Ha i love my brothaa , his lil story had me WEAK earlier !
": Sex is an instant cure for depression. So get to it and cheer up."Don't get down get dick
Someone, please send me a pic of Rodgers' sweet facial hair tonight. Too much awesome.
Granger is such a solid player. He doesn't get the credit he deserves.
Plug this all in to a cousin chart... #musttearselfaway and do some
Walked past a restaurant and it gave me a beautiful sense memory of my Afghanistan trip. That was nice and unexpected.
That akward moment When Keeping it real goes wrong.
Making PB&J for the kids - ooohhhhh boy!
I was supper productive today on my day off:)
If I have one more nightmare about prom..
“Rejoicing in ordinary things is not sentimental or trite. It actually takes guts.” Pema Chodron
Walmart was packed.
8-15-12 we changed the date of the mixtape but the song will be on utube soon
We do not own or operate the twitter account.
Boston people are happy.
I cast my SAG Awards ballot!
it was worth the wait. Now I'll probably wait that long till I see the movie.
Going to bed ppl. WAY passed my bed time lol. Goodnight!
Movies with my mommy
was that your first album?!
I hope you're happy.
Well I've never been cut or slapped ill definitely would have to hurt someone if that happened
I thought either she's D-RUNK or her sb is OUT!
me too, also the Thunder are our only big time team so I've got to support
Mainly chips though.
& I know karmas gonna get me back 4 being so cold ...
FB v Twitter...who ya wit?
Check him out! “: Ready for at 7am! Lots to discuss and can't wait. Tune in if you can”
Almost anyone and everyone have heard of these if not one of them
Current read: Claudette Colvin: Twice Toward Justice by
Starting to see some leaves changing. Would like to throw a tantrum-- so not ready for this Cleveland summer to end.
Ahh the Vista Cruiser. I think I miss you most.
Wow. Incredible day. Very busy all day. Huge bottomless thanks to the friends and family that supported us and got us here.
Thank you for the live streaming. Math class just got a little less boring!
RT : "A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds." - Francis Bacon
I haven't been this excited before a men's game in 20 years!!
Bristol Palin blogs with conjecture (and with conviction- a truly dangerous combo). Be wary of essentialism, folks.
A beautiful song! Are you familiar with the 3rd movement of Moonlight Sonata? It's fast and crazy, nothing like the first part!
aww man..today was fantastic 😄
Just spent 20 minutes loading the video for The Ballad of Mona Lisa by #Worth it :D
Same here helping a friend move then we will be going to the gym.
YAY for tomorrow!
who's saying shit?
Would you be free after semester to meet up and restart convo about digital humanities at Rice?
We are going down for maintenance for between 10-20 minutes. We'll be back up shortly.
TEENS!! ITS ALREADY GETTING PACKED TONIGHT TUESDAY NIGHT!! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!! BLACK TUESDAY! ONLY $5 BEFORE 7:30
it worked last time so... Why not try again:)
Music is well said to be the speech of angels
lol its good to start off wit a joke this afternoon isn't it?
Any happy mac users with an EVO?
it better fit baggy or else it will look like a camel hoof down there!!!
Uh. Come back to austin soon. RT : Move out day was successful. Back in #SanAntonio!
Hello there! :)
if i culd hav a day 2 hang out w/ i think i wuld actually stay home & watch movies&eat candy so he could relax and b normal:)
wait what if i jinxed it
please follow me
okay asap
Great concert by
Country music makes any mood better
new ipod, new music .
All I could think while reading news & notes was, Geez, Larry Drew seems to be reacting to every Doc Rivers move too late.
Kodak Branch of Sevier County Public Library was awarded Friend of the Year at today's Trustees and Friends Luncheon. Congrats!
Happy birthday Nate!
why didnt you tell anyone you were going?
how did it go this morning
Derek Holland because we saw him at breakfast this morning!
happy birthday your so pretty I'm jelly and your only like 5 months and some days older then me haha I thought you were 16
*raises hand akwardly*
Thanks for posting! I'll pass on to the KB Home team. San Jose area, right?
for where!?
I'm really falling for him ... And he likes my lip ring .. what else could I ask for !? :D
Still getting used to.the fact that I actualy have a boyfriend and I know for a fact that he's going to stick around<3
I hope that's true because it's funny.
I just saw you on Inside the Actors Studio with Brad Pitt!!
C'mon !!! You're down by 6... Pick up the pace and beat those #Pacers!!!!
Thanks for the
Lingo fact of the day: “Chicago” is Indian for “place of wild garlic”. That's why the vampires go to New Orleans.
I don't trust these Bitches
Ready for a big day of making the women of Red Stick even more beautiful.....and then seeing our handiwork tonight @ The Best Dressed Ball!
oh yeah. He so did. He totally hates me
Thanks for the follow
In downtown LA, the rule for pedestrians is that they're allowed to cross the street whenever the fuck they want
It was funny because he came out today and said the he was backing same-sex marriage. Weird how things change come election.
Look out at those lights. This is Our City. Come on. The Universe always had a plan. -Vinny Chase
how so?
Ready to see my bean!
People change like the season...staring to like being a loner
Dee Gordon didn't put the ball in play, however, put a fan on the field
Difficult times helped me undrstnd how infinitely rich&beautiful life is in every way & that so mny things 1 worries abt r of no consequence
The thing about the Charlotte Gainsbourg Spotify station is Serge Gainsbourg.
Derrick Rose has missed 22 games (and counting) and the Bulls are in 1st place. Ha!
Working from home today. Got to focus and get it done.
bring on the
That has too much of a one-to-one dynamic. I'm thinking abt the relationship btw user & discovery service (OPAC, Summon, Google).
a good night sleep always rejuvenates
The Nuggets play against the Toronto Raptors tonight at 7 p.m. ET. Go, Nuggets!
Im 22 and on already on the verge of spontanious combustion, but i have tape on my face to hold my smile
Still not as bad as he is at Dead Space.
Happy Hump Day my fellow tweethearts! I'm ready for Thur night bowling league to start and regular season football. Best of both worlds!
Looking for sunshine!
no I do that all the time
i have to say I rarely have problems.. but if a server is down i wish they would just tell me!
Fed and state taxes done in less than an hour. Why I waited until today to finally do them, I don't know.
Is that talkingg about him ?
It's funny hasn't even left yet and we're ransacking his office :)
Robin Hood.. Sorry.
- Hey just followed you from Karmalicity!
RT "A professional writer is an amateur who didn’t quit. ~ Richard Bach"
It's gotta be nice when you only have to swing at balls over the middle of the plate.
Started looking at Lady MacBeth last night...I'm more than kind of in love with this role.
loving Skype today. Making work easier. Not sure why people fear IM.
I love you & your dad, Colby.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it. ~ Pablo Picasso
hey. Your beautiful. Just thought I should let you know.<3
I agree. Just wanted to go with this years biggest pitching contract.
Any one wants to Chat? 8]
oh..Nick has a girlfriend?? ...oh..
i dont see any in your prof picture....
how? dude im so grounded its ridiculous..
Vegas odds give advantage to the Hawks by 1. Vegas must not know the Truth.
Been reading this book for class tomorrow and it's making me sleepy... but I gotta stay up.
Poll question: Who's the biggest blowhard? Dylan or Ed Schultz?
I know it's hard to find someone like you, but I hope you know it's hard to find someone like me too.
im so proud of, 8 million views in 1 day ? thats freaking AMAZING :) i love you so much. PLEASE follow me ? :) I LOVE YOU
I loved you. You never loved me. That freakin' hurts.
Thoughts of a Giant, Heart of a warrior, with the Humility of a Child of God!
R.I.P. Tim Cuprisin, Milwaukee Media Columnist
What movie scene moved you more? John coffee being electrocuted or Michael jordan stepping off the space ship in Space Jam?
Excited to start working on an entry for #2011NextGen competition for ! Should be fun
I'm ignited
#3wordsofAdvice lose my number
Taxes done. Muffins in the oven. A glass of wine and a book in my lap. Good night.
Yes and another fond welcome to tweeter !
omg really?! Well I LOVE Asking Alexandria and Capture the Crown :p x
Adding a "We're shutting #Clipmarks down" email to my collection. Appreciate: "thank you for being part of our journey."
very nice fish, Coach!
Chocolate with dark chocolate frosting?
Damn it, Jerry.
Is it just me or is everyone and their mom on their periods this week...geez Louise grumpy people er'where
Agreed! Congrats, fellow new grad!
Vijay: This is awesome!!! Rleating the Polaroid shape and Wikets is brilliant.
Finally back in LA! Y'all don't know how hyped I am to get to the barber shop in the morning!
I hate it when people confuse me, its so annoying
Hello 3.5 day weekend so good to see u again
thanks! What do you want to read about more?
Money coming down path for #startups? Number of PE & #VC funds closed YTD at 70, almost 2X all of 2011.
The purpose of being here is to understand and share experiences. So, I'd like to exchange perspectives.
Sounds delicious! Can we join? :)
Hey girl, thanks for the follow..happy Friday!!!
Two weeks from today I will be in Hawaii!
Did you two reserve your Hawken name yet?
I am ignoring my Google Reader because I know it is full of interesting news, and my brain is just too full right now!
Well, yes, there is that.
We wish it was here! Enjoy the sun, Robyn! :)
Appellate Tip #2 from Judge Ripple of the 7th Circuit: "Roadmap. Have one."
did you get to see the #Avengers this weekend?
Night of Joy at Disney this weekend.
The weather is crappy but I like today. I think ima go watch the Katherine heigl movie later on.
29 mil from just last night..it's breaking records
Hope y'all having a good day, I am... Haan
CLAS Human Rights Film Series starts tomorrow at 7pm
J Lo damn you...why are you so pretty?
No problem! I'd thought of the triads but not the 7ths. I have the 2-Octave major scales made. I may overlay a few.
I thought that These Snakes are Hot performed very well yesterday.
Just can't sleep!
Pausing to put it all in perspective...
My Alli gals, I miss you all!
not DVD but is sell-through dead?
Love and peace should always outweigh revenge & pride.
“: #ImHopingThat every weekend will be as good as this one” so true.
The Juicing Mobile will be back in action starting tomorrow :)! look for me on Farwell btwn Brady and North, as always loc map to be tweeted
Who's is rocking next
Kenneth Faired look like a bitch
i need to vent
Just thought: If I'm running from cops, donut backwards into a spot; no way to kill my automatic headlights so I get caught
Summer = Half Naked Season
Today Mann,, it Was Crazyy(:
Everybody loves zayn, he's a very attractive young lad..why wouldn't you? LOL XD
I will go down with this ship, I wont put my hands up & surrender, there will be no white flag above my door. Im inlove and always will be.
#betascape added a new sponsor last night - will be providing all of the awesome pizza for Sunday's CreateCamp
At the primier
looking for an infrastructure guru for an enterprise solutions architect role in phoenix!
Soo...Who can help me to bring to following me? :)
Damn McDonald's packed
So proud and honored to be an American after watching the movie "Acts of Valor".
3553 steelyard drive cleveland it is right next to the Target store in steelyard commons.
In the studio like always. Droppin hits in Milwaukee,WI. Come holla at us people.
are you having sex with doug right now?!? Why aren't you retweeting me yet!
“: may I suggest a guitar duel instead ?” Totally. We'll be Ralph Machio, you guys are Steve Vai.
Thanks so much for the RT! How is your research going?
Ifs sorry!
Am I really that needy? I mean, I do everything and then some... not asking for a lot.
Dual platform; by the same co. as Jing, so they work together. I haven't used them together, but looked into it last year.
I listen "turn my sag on " because im so happy :D he following me and tweeted me :D
I know Doan isn't dirty but you just can't hit someone like that. I don't think he shouldve been thrown out though
Mmhmm bet your coach ain't your hero now!
that scares me for real lol
what channel???
Thanks for including San Diego Mag! Looking forward to tonight's chocolate dinner.
But data are an ever-expanding part of journalism & strat comm. So necessary to teach & learn. Gotta find way to amp 'em up.
RT Off to a productive morning compliments of from wish I cld find Baltimore's best brew in SF!
Looking for clinicians that would be willing to come to a rehearsal to share their knowledge with young musicians ages 12-21.
Hennessy heir to pay 'Jamaica 50' visit - Jamaica Gleaner
Robert Bloch~ I have the heart of a child. I keep it in a jar on my shelf.
Thanks for the shout-out! I hope you enjoyed the presentation!
Delicious looking photo! Our guests are really loving your ice cream... and the salty caramel is a firm staff favorite!
I'm taking this weekend off for my birthday. Yes, I am. Really. Check with me later. Dammit!
do u happen to know if the support for IE is coming or are they just dropping IE support?
What episode are you on?! lol I finished #6 this morning! lol #outtacontrol (:
awesome news Mr. Anderson!
I was thinking that it's cool that there are designers in the bowling industry. It's an industry I may consider down the road.
We're at the hillsboro farmers' market until 1:30. Come say hi! Main street and third ave.
yo chad if calvin johnson is mega tron then you are optimus prime!
no, you don't need to bring a partner, i was just wondering cause they had a one person and a two person deal
avoid DirectSpace Networks. shame on me for 1) lack of proper research and 2) being too poor to afford proper hosting. live and learn.
Reports say Obama wants to raise taxes. He won't intercede to get congress to cut spending but he'll take more from us. Outrageous.
And It's Wednesday already! I feel like the weekend was yesterday.
I got home from the hospital on the afternoon of the 12th and am still sore and tired. update later.
If you're reading this, you should be following me back.
Lmao RT : I could give up on partying, but I'm not a quitter.
Bynum needs to mature. He's learning the same bad habits Shaq did.
you need to start singing some "Jesus Walks" by Kanye West.... :)
I was gonna go get my nails done but my mom is dumb!
i live right by there.
FC All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Yesterday omar texted to jazmin papisit and today i texted daddyfun omfg our dumb typos
think about what your doing.
not to mention parts were shot in the same room stockholm syndrome was
I frickin love Dance Moms.
ordered new Marc Tweed designed t-shirts for The Family Curse this AM. I think these are gonna be my most favorite ones yet.
Just thinking back to pre-frosh weekend what feels like years ago... :)
To know grace and then to give mercy and to love others. That is what changes people then the world.
thanks, Kathleen LOVE LOVE LOVE Prevention not Prescriptions site!! You totally rock for creating it!!
Tamron..your're trending...Cudos to you!
Thank you Jessie! were recording our first album in June so we'll have plenty of new material coming your way!
I mean I'm winnin but I'm still bored
you make sure you follow and for the lastest steelers news. RT to everyone
Here we come, Toronto and D-Hoo!
Vip table Friday night with .... Vip table saturday night with
Amen!!! Church!!!! RT : I'm not where I need to be, but thank God I'm not where I used to be.
trip to the mound already??
Thanks for
Review for: SoundHound ∞. How to find out what song is stuck in your head
ManU Report: Plaque for cricketer D’Oliveira
box me yo number
Kwan-Tzu~ If you give a man a fish he will have a single meal. If you teach him how to fish he will eat all his life.
my Klout thinks I'm an expert on mortgages. I have no idea why.
did someone say you were?! If so.. Who? I'll beat em up for ya(:
No, but there is the traditional shaming my mother for using too much tomato sauce.
Love it.
Very important to question assumptions if this wonderful planet is to survive us - the "intelligent" ones.
Do you consider yourself a cannabis consumer, cannabis patient, or cannabis activist?
Reading a paragraph in a book over and over because you're too distracted by something else.
hell yeah! agreed.
THUNDER UP! takes on Houston tonight at 7PM, with Kylie Morgan to boot - that spells a great night at Whiskey Chicks!
Bring it on! :) RT : is everyone ready for week two?
Action speaks louder then words. Its not what you say its the little things you do that count the most
And a good morning it is.
we still chillin later
People are strange
nah uh.
Who wants a $50.00 off any room only on Sundays? Just DM me your name and addressee and we'll mail it out and a pair of free passes!
i miss u💚
Omg, I'm scared O.o
The lockdown at Oregon MS has ended. Students who were taken to Rome Corners Intermediate will be bussed to OMS.
one month. 
you went back ? -_-
Kim's tweets are starting to annoy me. Stop retweeting her dumb shit. (−_−＃)
God gives you pain to make you learn how to be strong. Stay positive, never give up, & always be grateful.
where is here?
its supposed to be windy
in a basketball traviling team!:)
This world was not created to satisfy your soul. Live for Heaven, and God will throw in earth. "Seek ye first..."
The difference between a goal and a dream is a deadline. What is your goal? Deadline??
wish I saw this!
everybody's waiting to see you break down, everybody's watching to see the fall out.
I miss mi amor
I miss the old 1D family :(
I'm so hungry right now.
If You Don't Know Me . Don't Fuckin' Judge Me .
Tj is has crazy drivers!
I think she was yawning but it's much cooler to have a Vampire Dog than a Yawning Dog.
Mom: "may the fourth be with you? HAHAHAHA! GET IT? FOURTH?! FORCE? HAHAHA!"
Heal well bro.
Watching 's Dance Dares in Study Hall!
hey lady! are you going to DCLX at all? wanna maybe carpool and make a day (or two) of it?
IBM Multi-Touch Smart Floor Calls 911 When You Fall [VIDEO]
Happy Valentines Day lovely friends!!! Wishing you much love and happiness and many kisses, here's some from me!!! xoxo
Is U.S. news afraid of science? Still no mention of the discovery of synthetic #DNA showing #Evolution on its own
after im done laughing, Im going to have to put you in timeout! ❤
omg thats horrible :-( I went through a lot of it too so if you need anyone to talk to I'm here for you
That shit is dope! Yea I got sum in that lane. Gimme ur email and I can send a few n see if you like
#20ThingsAboutMe i dont want to grow up
#keekeekeehahaha will be the new national dial tone.
Just read a magazine and now I can't wait for summer!
Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much(:
Falling asleep to music >>
One title per weight - yes, per division - no. Too many champs right now
I think you are correct.
I will check it out. Been running low on easy shows to watch while I work. Out of desperation, I've just started The Palace.
I really need 2move (4 several reasons) but mainly 2get off this slow ass, creepin ass, lurkin ass M train! It's top speed is 0.845 mph. Ger
This new movie will feature stars of the stage and screen singing classic Broadway tunes from the past and present.
Happy Friday :)
WTF!!!!!! I like a natural woman but fa real?
Who are the people in your life who make you laugh and smile the most? When is the last time you told them how much you appreciate them?
well, thanks
Prof just called the NCAA the "n c two a"... No.
So glad that in my neighborhood most of our neighbors, especially those right next to us, are great people.
Sporting a SONS OF ANARCHY t-shirt with pressed Wranglers is just a bit confusing.
is amazing :) #saysomethin is amazing, his voice is amazing <3 #mahomies are amazing <3
in NHL 95 quickly skatin around goal net for wrap around shot = goal every time.
#LT not sexist, just dry humor
I'm not drunk, seriously.. I think it's my app
Sick of the war on Southerners. Its only undignified if those who think it is sit at the table.
M's need another scrap-heap lefty. gotta be a reclamation project in the day-laborer ranks somewhere.
#nf now following!!! :)
There's a DJ at my job who needs to get laid, FAST. Hurry before he gets himself hurt.
you don't even know I exist, ha.
Worked out! Third time this week! Trying to make it 5!
Need to add some spice to your holiday party? Pair a Dundee Festive Ale w. a spicy salami and salty cheeses for a quick and easy appetizer.
I refresh, get current content, then just big jumps, e.g. 10:14 then all the way back to 8:30 w/ nothing btwn. Prob a hiccup.
Scooter please can Justin Bieber come to poland? I love Justin Bieber so much.
you just totally set yourself up for potential self-hatred.
you can shoot it at me any day
#Incendies is one very powerful film.
Tip 1 for succeeding in China: Secure a joint venture (JV) partner in China.
thank u
Virgo = worry tendency
Lol I hope so may've stolen the show @ this morning's #ibmimpact general session Who wasn't googling their site?
So much for "Love your enemies"......
Lunch isn't coming soon enough.
Inane waffle.
It is my birthday!!!!!!
and are you bragging? ;-)
interested in your own custom piece? email me
happy holidays to you all! here's to a fun 2011!
Enjoy RT : m Sushi time excellent
I #love it when the guy you like tells you that you look amazing.<3
Gotta too much shit to do today
I see
really where that at?
people are really LIVE on social sites, but quiet AF in person.
Melvin couldn't trade for an above replacement level SS last year, think he can now?
hanging in there ! chilling watching the Heat game and yourself ?
Good morning to the best followers! Have a terrific Tuesday!
Ben and Jerry now sell a "Bonnaroo Buzz" ice cream? I know what I'm devouring a pint of this evening.
You Make Me Feel Like I'm Livin' A Teenage Dream The Way You Turn Me On!. <3 My Favorite Song!. :D
twitter finger syndrome!
People changing everyday..shit is crazy
Congratulations Ross! So excited to see the show! Hope all is well. Xoxo
Dear music, Thank you for being there for me in my times of need! [= My ears love you!! . . .
lol, 4 sum reason the courvoisier made me hear Carey Hart, Pink's husband. Carey/Kevin same difference!! RT : rmb
hey Guy! Hope training is going great! & I gotta get you to pose at our show one year! ;)
You cooking it?
Groundlings Jamboree, I'm there!!!
Up so early. So much to accomplish today. Like going back to bed.
Hello, Mango update. You are a sly beast. A lot sneaked in to that .5.
I love to give homemade gifts. Which one of my kids do you want?
Do you have a facebook? :)
It's nice to meet you, too. Which convictions do you mean?
hit me on FB inbox
Good day sweetie:)
there's nobody in the White House to review positions on the markets before they are released? speculation is part of the market.
GOOD I NEED TIME TO SAVE MONEY FOR ALL THAT MERCH I NEED THE SWEATSHIRT
Hold onto your hats today!!! A wind warning is in effect. If you see or hear of any problems, damage, power outages..let us know !
lets go giants jets suck
Sky rockets in flight, afternoon deeliiiight... Ahhhoo... I make fart noises with my mouth
really.? What happened? Lol..
OMG . RT : #youresowhite your windows have blinds AND curtains.
Thanks for joining us for the game last night. Always good to add big #skc fans to the mix.
it was a no brainer.
Stoners tend to congregate.
Even though I feel down and out, I am still blessed. My situation will get better. I believe that...do you?
#IThankGod for five boys who have no idea I exist, but I love them anyway. :)
You know I aint lyin. The world would be a better place if we labeled a #ChickenheadTweet when we saw it and unfollowed.
no not married I guess that's just an expression and I am in Boston
great, stay in touch Mike! ;-p
Thankyou to everyone who's been spreading the word, you guys are great!
For the first time since we launched our site, we had over 1,000 unique visitors today alone. Thank you DFW! Only 9 more days
Thanks for the follow!
ah! i cant wait :)
I owe an apology. Even though he hates hockey I went too far. Thought it was funny. Wasn't even Jimmy Fallon funny. That's bad
Make sure you smell nice and clean before you go out to dance Salsa. Nobody likes smelly dancers.
Check out the new tracks on the band page! http://www.facebook.com/lastseendead
I'M ABOUT MY MONEY WHAT ARE YOU ABOUT???
thank you! xo
Cold? Stop by for some hot chocolate, coffee or a hot loose-leaf tea and warm up!
Ipads are mundane :
Can't do yoga next Sat - I'm cooking at the soup kitchen. The Sat after for sure!!
Baby makin project
Just got my teeth cleaned, and my dentist said they looked pretty good. Celebrating by eating caramel candy.
I'm waiting for the 2hour Allen Bari road to a bracelet special.. What the fuck espn?!?
Hm is this anger, frustration, or finally that familiar feeling of I don't give a Fuck?
Its going down. Celtics down 3 with 12 seconds left
nothing wrong with that
IM SO EXCITED TO FINALLY SEE MY BESTFRIEND NEXT WEEKEND!!!! #twitterless Qarch Hawk 😃😃😃😃
“: Someone just did a pacemaker cover in variety pops ” haha hell yeah! How was it?
You should come to Florida u have alot of GRANDers here! (:
Ramblin' acupuncturist settles down! I now offer my services at Myo in the Triangle or comfy East Side Studio, Mon-Sat.
Thank you, Kate, we really appreciate it!
"um," "like," "and, um," "um, like" and "so, like" seem to be the most favorite words and phrases of the South Campus kids
: Thats right! I'll have my ppl call yor ppl
Watching the Simpsons in Spanish class..... Ugh my Spanish teacher is a freak
all sweat and tears
thank you so much Marion! ... I am truly honored! Warmly, Jeris
foxnews' top DC host/anchor/correspondent... pretty big deal. sure looks like him.
RT : "[In education], asking if technology works is like asking if a library works." - at (cc )
Mind you, I don't think it can be achieved any time soon. The road to communism is socialism, our short term goal.
I think they went for the "classic" approach this time.
going to be sick!
Guess we did a good job in raising money for the theatre. I want to thank everyone for the awesome comments and the super standing ovation!
There are over 7billion ppl on earth And ur going to let 1 person ruin ur day? DON'T #Dont -_-
Pen died at the beginning of my meeting.
Fine words from on destructive elitist designer tendencies, the power of empathy and why clients aren't idiots
Need an ISP anyone know of an alternative to time warner
What Caleb Hangme completes a 28yard pass to Davis
missing something
Awesome! Thanks!
That annoying moment, when you realize someone else is using the pencil you lost.
saw old footage of you in the dunk contest the other day- didn't realize The jet had bounce too! Lol
KAPPAS KILLED IT!!!
you look hawwt in your profile pic
have to remember that im doin this for two now <3 to my girl C.M.
RT : RT : Twitter: Telling you when it's about to rain since 2006.
we hit the lottery signing Gradkowsi @ QB! TERRIBLE!!!
Just saw on CNBC Adobe to cut 680 jobs #itjobs,#tech,#cgtpa,
A huge thank you to for sharing her spoken word at Samaritan Ministry's HIV/AIDS Support Luncheon today!
When you're so distracted by texting that you accidentally try to swipe your debit card through the subway turnstile.
hee. thank you. i did save it on my computer so i can read it sometimes... but i won't air it. *G*
what will it takes for the Miami dolphins to compete in that tough AFC east?
You are limited to like 15 characters because of how many people your tweeting
Can somebody with the "new" Iphone 4s ask the personal assistant when the F*&K the iPhone5 is coming out!
Just ordered a TON of FREE stuff to hand out to all of our supporters who come out to Dancing in the Streets May 15!!
I need someone different ; you know it, oh oh you know it
BARACK OBAMA WANTS TO MARRY A DUDE!!!
Couldn't even score 2 goals against a hapless Villa! I thank your Spurs for losing me money!!
I'm doing well! How are things with you? Did you start your fall semester yet?
& , 2 of my fave bands in the same place & its 21+? why would you do that to me? what about your 18+ fans in nyc?
I asked God to protect me from my enemies and then I started losing friends.
Remember when outdoor garbage cans didn't have wheels? And were metal?
Looking for a good time tonight? Disco San Andreas is guest teaching at 8pm!
Bubba Watson = no swagger
Me TOO
. Bad writers.
OH: "im not getting in your van and I don't want your candy" from
Omg! I thank for showing me who is. He is the sexiest thing on earth :D and is youtube vids are amazing! <3
Fuck yea! Go Cowboys!
I'm craving a swirl cone from frost bite....
Wts funny is last time I tweeted bout her. U replied
Got an apartment. Now waiting for those job offers...
If u knew what I've been threw u would understand y I make the choices I do
will do broskki
Hope everyone liked the Adworkers Super Bowl Tweetup. Thanks to everyone who participated tonight.
I think im just hungry because I'm bored
honestly I love guns....unless they're in the hands of Dick Cheney,we're hunting and he needs a heart transplant.Sorry.
Damn...stuck workin at school bingo for 4 hours! F- ;A;
I'll take a listen! :-)
#PeopleLikeUs TRUST OUR DOCTOR..
They used to be called jumpolines, until your mom decided to play on one back in '73
RT : Watch for the kids this morning during National Bike to School Day.
We're underway for CLIR's "Archives for Non-archivists" training. We have 10 CIC librarians digging into boxes at
Fans out here in the center field bleachers are heckling , but he's ignoring. :)
Don't you hate when you just wash your car then within a day a bird decides to use your car as a toilet
#NF: She Hella Dope. n she keep it G.
Someone made a skout of you !!!!! Or is it really you or is the person just taking your pics from twitter ?!
Gwen's wiping my ass tomorrow, cause I GOT IT LIKE THAT
The dr is in!
Some people just do not know when to close their mouths.
We sure do! DM me your address and I'll send you some. Only catch - you have to tweet a pic when you get them! :)
Born on this day in 1824, CSA Gen. John Crawford Vaughn, who saw action at First Manassas, Vicksburg, & in East TN guerrilla fighting.
Why do I always get my phone taken away in the middle of a good conversation?
RT : Talk to me! Talk to me ! Pretend you ve come to see me. (naturally)
Judge is giving the jury instructions in the sentencing of Michael King - man convicted of murdering Denise Amber Lee of North Port
yea pretty sure I got sme
RT : $2 Drinks? Yep Download app Buy for $1 & Redeem for $1 &
what does muffins have to do with spiderbites!
and I rarely curse. : You too?!?! RT : Here comes my potty mouth as I watch this Knick game!
lol what do you mean rude??
Lifeboy turned into an aggressive rager with Fish screaming "God never listens to what I say" over and over, goin' nuts.
So much for sleeping in on Sunday...been awake since 4:30am...
A 100% or NOTHING!
is back on the anchor desk after a long hiatus--- it feels pretty good!!
I reckon Portland were a little bit louder than you...ONE MORE TIME!
Twitter+the snowball effect: more people now talking about R-Truth trending than the reason y he's trending in 1st place!
I tried giving the bunny a beard but it just didn't work.
Loved Adrien Brody's portrayal of him in 'Midnight in Paris.' Did you see the show of his works at Philly Art Mus yrs ago?
had a blast playing the Kookie Neighbor in a spec commercial for SNUGGLE w/ award-winning Director Elena Shpak. www.amandabrookelerner.com
"Quit talking to our goalie!!" -scary black girl lacrosse coach
Jungle Jack Hanna will showcase some interesting animals today at 12:30 and 2:00
yea, just Sun & Mon!
You are so welcome! I'm so glad you enjoyed it!!
You can't break a heart that's already broken and can't mend the one you broke if you don't check yourself for the the problem first <3
Finally feeling better!!!!!!
Also don't mind test-tasting different wines.
My lip and my ears hurt so bad. But that's what I get for getting 4 holes in my head within' like 10 minutes. Hopefully sleep will help! x3
I have sand in places no one has ever visited!!
#NUTS A5: Favorite travel show is No Reservations Anthony Bourdain and movie motorcycle diaries.
when Jesus said, "I am the vine, you are the branches," was he talking about kudzu?
Last day in Ohio..then back to Cali for our show at cheetas this Thursday!!!
Sweet dreams.
I stand with M.I.A.!
Going to post up a new drawing I made for a friend hehe :D
If you play like McGee is right now, then yes I do want you to play like him...
Are you homy? RT this if you read it wrong....lol
i love bonnie and clyde!
lmfao damn i need to quit school den
Use a VitaMix Blender with coconut water as the liquid base...or milk. Milk actually mixes pretty well with veggies. Try it.
Back from the gym.and I feel like I had a half ass wrkout bc my mom was low key rushing me... She wonder why I dont invite her when I go :(
Hey, any investors or venture capitalists out there, I have ideas, concepts, stories... the world needs their telling.
Hope it went well RT : 8am poster session for on Transition Care partnership w Chicago
last night before summer and you are no where to be found...you aren't where you should be right now
You can see I get away. Way up here in outer space. Welcome to my get away, I lounge on Mars.
ha that sucks
What a thoughtful monarch!
Top of the morning Twitter World!
#Joomla! newsletter headaches boil down to this-new vrsn restructures key tbl, adds new fields but install pkg does not update existing tbl
Who's got time to think that up, much less type it out!?
LYCHEE green tea from - can't wait to try it!
At #NCSL in San Antonio, hanging out at the Brady Campaign booth. Stop by for some candy and information.
didn't expect that. but ok
dude, still have my mind blown from our meet up yesterday! 6 years ago I would have NEVER met a "stranger" on a whim.
Im all tired!
More #TopGirls table work tonight with
Good luck! Close it out strong! Give us a heads up next time and we'll get a group out to cheer you guys on! GO RAMS!
Sadly, Donny Deutsch is right... "Slutty is the new Black".
TIRED ..GUNNA HIT THE BED xD not literally hit xP goodnight tweeterz xD
I need a celebratory smoke session for not being a mother. #SmartDecisions Woot Woot!
That depends. Did you wave your hand at them and repeat your request?
‎(2/20) School is cancelled for all Incline Village schools.
8/16/2010 40 Top Marketers to Follow on Twitter Cool Marketing Stuff
Omg these cool sheets feel hella nice on my hot sunburn!! #firstworldproblems goodnight tweetloves
I need Star Control II in HD. Well, 'need' is probably too strong of a word. Reallyreallyreallywant. Yup. That's the right one.
What about shenanigans?
that's unfortunate
people always got to talk behind somebody back
My dad, texting me a telling detail from the unnervingly warm January in Missouri: "I just mowed my lawn."
religion is part of the 1%. but we might have enough religious hate in this country already...
What a beautiful day ☀
Tell your friends!!
I agree it is sad but I do think the networks jumped on the stories with a competitiveness I find a little sickening.
haha nice! Thank you :)
Its not often u see a tweefer from the most beautiful girl in the world.
June 10th bout too be stupid TU
yep, that's the one.
Is there anything that's closed that CANNOT be open? says it's just a matter of will and interest.
they work now?
but im already following you! No luck then!?!:(
perks of living in a city, food delivered to my door
Last #EDU11 session on deck. Thanks to the program committee and the EDUCAUSE staff for a great conference experience.
Wish i was a teen in the 80s.
I laughed :)
I love turning the bass up all the way up in my car and putting that on. My sister and I sing along <3
MANY THANKS whose BEAUTIFUL photos will be featured on for "Dulce's Ashes" - a redemption story
Hi! thanks for joining me on twitter :)
appreciate you passing along our article to your followers!
Last night was awesome! Thanks to everyone who came out!
Will it let you generate multiple QR Codes 4 the same link? That's the clutch one to track diff campaigns...
Your annoyingg go away.
I might cancel my prom
You're most welcome love. Glad you and kitty are purring soundly now. :)
My prediction: Prince to #cubs or #mariners, 8yrs, $180M.
Looking for guest bloggers, week of May 13-19. Any takers?!
Woo hooooo! Thank you :)
i have 699 followers again, lol.
kinda.. I joined like a month ago but I couldn't figureit out but I know how to use iit now and I love it! LOL
Yes! Find a cowboy, Mary!
So tired! I still need to vacuum and I want guacamole and chips. I think tired is going to win out tonight. Guac and chips for bfast it is!
Not at all. I don't find bi-sexuals offensive. I guess u do. I'm making a point. I never chose to like women. I just do.
lol LONG DAY of dancing i start volleyball monday aah !!!!!
followback,Is Awsome related to Watch The Office Online
thanks. If you missed it, catch it at myfox9.com. It's called, "An Old Fashioned Rescue, The Sequel."
I'm a dick, I'm addicted to you
Yep I will
Lost in LA, a teen novel about a girl dealing with Inattentive ADD while trying to survive the rigors of school and the mean girls
It feels like I havent tweeted in a while
Do you follow (or write for!) a great fitness blog? We'd love to hear about it!
Congrats to , head of Ford grantee , who Time has named one of the 100 most influential people in the world.
SAME. my sister is at a party in jersey and im home and i LITERALLY CALLED HER AND NOW WERE LIKE SDGKBARSKJBGAKRSBGAKJ.
Thank you! We'll get something to you soon! Thanks for your support!
are you in k201?
Ive always wanted to be in one! where u from?
I feel like John Wayne would have attended Texas Tech
Time to get down here and warm up with 2-4-1 EVERYTHING from 5-9pm. Also, make sure to check in on Foursquare and get a Free Powers shot
Wish a band I knew would cover 'It was almost love' from Muppet Christmas Carol. In love with that song.
Love! RT : Success is a tale of obstacles overcome, and for every obstacle overcome, an excuse not used. -Robert Brault
Princeton is just amazing.....like that boy is gorgeous....u just can't say he not cute....that's not possible 💚
have fun! That's what this city is here for!!!
As things stand, my world only gets better if Chelsea win CL.
safe travels
All this sun costs SoFla residents a premium, so I am pleased to report it's beautiful out! How are things across the pond?
Our rooftop deck is alway happy to have you!
Watch the successful teams out here... They all screaming WE not just me.
": We gonna pray for no surprise speeding tickets in the mail. 😳🙏." Ha I HATE those lol
kid you need to learn how to answer your kiks..
Theo is the only fair trade, organic chocolate maker among the top 15- based here, great product, supporting growers Woot!
I want "Revenge" and "Scandal" to overlap like "Magnum, P.I." and "Simon and Simon."
golic was getting a burger when #nd scored
I wonder if Morgan Freeman will be too busy narrating his own birthday party, to actually be able to enjoy it?
haha sorry bro
!cool ?really
thanks for teaching tonight! Class looked like a blast!
Happy Monday.
OK 1 message to the chancellor sent in support of #occupythefarm - it's a GREAT idea for the east bay. here is email
STOP TALKING!!!!!!
no problem I know u gone do good b confident n I know u studied u have nun to worry bout ...da bal n yo court now
not surprised
It all depends on what you order. Their goulash is excellent, for example.
How many tweetbot users are there in total?
I'd be more excited if they were coming here and I had tickets haha
Swag..!!Can't get no better than that..
Nothing to wear for k-8 day. *shrug*
I dunno who u is, but I'll #follow. Are you an actual tween, or just an tween alter-ego.
anyone from anderson mill/183 area going to BASHH tonight? gots someone who won't come unless they have a ride. are you up for helping? :)
im so excited to see you! #iloveoctoberalso and
Missing the love of my life ....
Saying goodbye to Cindy Lou today. So hard to lose you so soon. I miss you every day. Until we meet again.
Before or after you join us tonight, be sure to check out the openings at , , and SOFA Gallery.
“: The biggest obstacle between the and an undefeated season is the texans inthe superbowl #GameDayMorning”
Tonight is Brit Barton's exhibition The Icarian Sea at Red Space Gallery. Please join us from 7-10pm
6/27 at Galaxy CDs. Both and 's summer tours are merging. Support your scene, this will be fucking big.
A quitter never wins but a winner never quits be the winner at all times. Happy Sunday :)
Wow. I'm watching game film from a couple weeks ago and this broken play turned into 2pts. That was a great way to attack a 2-3 zone.
thanks for the GFlash# description. You may want to look at
Behind every strong Man stands the back bone of his strength his Women...
I can teach you the ropes of working the nightlife for some cash money.....
Ah school. :/
New Hampshire man charged with fatally shooting 31-year-old Marlborough man while hunting last November
up late and have to be up early to meet someone about a tree
Waving from the Terrace level! Lol
Excited to attend the NSF #Cyberlearning summit tomorrow!
Manson reborn for 'Villain' - Toronto Sun
Just won a free pass to at #wwcode front-end study group. Woohoo!
Got some footage on film while scuba diving in Catalina Island on Monday. I'll post it up once we edit a few things.
And she can text you with waving her hand up in the air
Don't miss out on the Mother's Day promotion 1 week for only 35$ and is 100% guaranteed or next week is free!! What do you have to loose?
Don't forget that fabulous voters would like Mitt Romney more if we were boring.
FREE cheesy bread at , Only w/ a
Everyone thinks eating disorders are a choice, I disagree. I think the disorder takes over you & your brain and controls you. (c)
I've been thinking of that all day. I can't wait to trot it out. Thanks
im like obbsessed with tea :)
I blame the mixed kit, cockiness and David Glass for tonight's loss.
Banks are fucking stupid. Police are fucking stupid. You're all fucking stupid. #Seriously I want to fucking shoot someone.
Thanks for Sharing Anne. This is helpful.
remember when I was cool enough for you?! :p
O which beer? RT: impressed by the selection of canned beer About to enjoy a nice beer float and cheese burger
Up since 4am, but very productive!
Surprisingly I am already packed for this weekend's trip/race/camping. Normally I wait till 15 min before I leave and throw things in a bag
is gearing up for a brand new day.
The Moon shall rise again
I can't believe we all have to wait until October! Yes season three looks ominous.
really appreciated by folks who can't be there at all!
Like your trailer. Canon 7D?
Before there was there was and 32 years to the day before that. I was born. Thank you God for one more day.
only if you have a subscription to Charter
Sweet dreams & happy scheming, all you beautiful creatures :) Goodnight.
is a really cool guy to follow ;)
Woohoo! We are over 600 followers! Thanks for the love everybody :o)
Irreducible ie to the explanatory norms of any community or political ideology. Mentions as model.
“: was amazing last night! Some of the most chill and appreciative people. #canadiansrockmysox” awww!!UR awsum
I agree wholeheartedly good sir. READ ALL YOUR BOOKS AND YOU ARE TRULY A PHILOSOPHER. THANK YOU.
RT : the sun is not up but already it looks like a great day to walk around Tempe without my pants
In Speakeasy Kaberet for Chico Mann. A whole different, more diverse #sxsw crowd. Great groove!
hold on... Do u mean Kobe choked? My bad, I ain't understand my own question! LMAO
Live every moment of life, enjoy every breath, everything happens for a reason, always remember never forget, smile, and enjoy the weather.
Jewish Proverb~ Rejoice not at thine enemys fall - but dont rush to pick him up either.
Great running into you! Now go get that Trojan sweater for days when you miss us... :)
awww thank you so much honay!!!! ;] when u comin to thy east coast?
#OkUPrettyBut you look just like my previous girlfriend ====> NEXT!!
Need brand of nonsense. SUCH a hideous, I suck as a human being sort of day.
Circle me, and I'll introduce you to a bunch of really interesting educators at both K-12 and higher ed
can't pitch or catch last 2 games. Kinda imp't if you want to win
my eyes are a little sore with an insufficient sleep
watching Good Burger.... <3
I've had nothing but Chinese food for the past two days...in Utah.
good luck Liam!!! You deserve it more than anything:)
So you're saying that you're the decider? I think you just wanted to use the #willynilly hashtag...
Roland Barthes was right. My car is a mother effin' cathedral!
RT A9. Feeling like someone from Mad Men drinking by yourself at lunch.
We can't become such a society where you can't call crazy - crazy.
I havent been to a Denver game in 10 years! Would love to see one but my husbands on active duty and we live in Hawaii! ;(
Rentrak TV program “stickiness” (attentiveness) and Bluefin Lab’s “social media index” help identify high value engaged, multitasking audie…
lmfao screw you!
Zotec Partners Takes Over Billing for Western North Carolina’s Largest Multi-Specialty Practice, Asheville Radiology ...
“: We say life is too short, God would say, I gave you enough time u just don't spend it wisely.” so true!
it's true. Ppl don't realize that's needed in a relationship
If u gonna be fake be fake but don't play as if u real
I saw a preview. Is it worth watching? Was walking thru Lincoln Square and saw sword fighting in a gym!
so you do not believe this is potentially indicative of a larger (lost generation) issue?
You got it! Do research. Learn about the business. This isn't a game. You're on your way to greatness! Way to go! :)
Me too. Along except for this Riesling, that is. ;-)
Maybe Joe Biden was laying the groundwork for Obama's "evolution," instead of screwing up like everyone seems to think.
put back up your nashville cover ill get to see it!
im good headed to work
Swag is for boys class is for men.
My music in the streets right now.. Ya baby momma car, living room, ya cousin house, ya guy studio, etc..I wouldnt have it no other way!
We're sorry you feel that way! Can we ask what happened?
make a list of the SEOs, follow the list, then unfollow them on your main feed
i want to go to california and just take pictures! <3
Be sure to head out to FarxFarout and check out during
since u don't answer my calls i guess i should tweet u then (TWEET)
I guess you forgot to Tebow, Tebow.
RT : I'm not friends with you guys on FB, but I'm running fantasy college football again this year.
What happened to the fruitopia drink!?!?! I want it back! I forgot that I over it!!!! :(
Would you like to #FindSomeoneWho know how to move through problems and not just stay stuck in them?
or paying for the right level of room :-)
errands then getting wildd with my friends tonight!
Go me at six and WELL DONE!!!!!!!!!! :D <3 You guys totally deserve them! :D
Never lose hope on rookies who are hungry. They will beat you because they want it more.
now if DC were serious bout taxation w/o rep, we'd demand that 6 billion dollars back, wouldn't we?
Hey my twitter followers:)
Been so busy. Putting in another day at the office tomorrow.
Going In For The Kill
For sure!
Why does every guy friend I beat up want to date me? *sigh
On the phone with the babe 
I loved ur webinar last week! Once u show value & prospect says they still want to get other quotes how do I stand out further?
installing Maya on my mac, damn now I need a six pack.
Looking for a Sr PM Dallas TX - Mortgage industry bckgrd. If interested email me at
Sasha Bruce Volunteers from join us this weekend for delivery - thanks! to set up your delivery day!
Hey guys! Sorry I'm not tweeting much, you know how school is. ♥♥♥♥
in Montreal now but a 305 for ever
Let your qualities shine
Man, He bougssss x we NEVER EVER went together !!!
#cataloging invitations to parties at Limelight in the early 80s makes me even more disappointed that it's now a mall.
Warner and Lin - both strong in their Faith in God (Tebow as well, but we don't have to talk about him
Not easy at all!
Let's go !
in the WORLD? Just one example of how religion seeks domination over its constituents. A religion should NOT need LAND DOMINATION >
I just witnessed go maniac.
It's complex but Blizz made it accessible
#ireallyhatewhen Beliebers think they're so cool. Guess what Belieber bitches,Mahone is Beast;)
oh noo i hate suprises they get me nervous😳
Well try to have a good rest of the night....
thanks! we're trying hard to pull it all together
hey chicky I wonder if has herd bout that psycho Kelly cross on the fb claiming she's gonna move in w him lol
work it briana! workk it :P
WTF?? When did City Hall station turn into a fucking maze?? Phill be trippin...
“: do you hate indiana now i thnk that's a yes” this is so true.
Ill prob do that 2...I'm gona try 2 take it 2 1 of those artists place if there R any or get a friend whos good @ drawing.
We fully expect Tebow to be "Kenyoning" during the Bronco' game.
I told her that she's not doin it anymore... She's stressin me out...
": I think the guy that invented leap year must b related 2 the guy who invented Daylight Savings" DST twisted LY just weird.
#TheVoice had some surprises w/the instant eliminations. How do you feel about the instant elimination? Who do you think should be saved?
Brian Eckert : what's the #ROI on opportunities associated with #marchmadness?
I always see the bigger picture.
My partner at bjj practice "I've seen you in muay thai, don't punch me" Accidentally elbowed him in the face
Anakin450 made my new pic (I help)
Thinking that the blinding gold/orange cast over everything on csi:miami is both surreal and silly.
So much for doing hw. slacking a little too much.
Just talked to my beautiful Lovely Grandmother!😍❤ she jus made me shed tears of joy! Nbs. Iaint sheded a tear n a min I'm 🙏 for her tho!!
It was a little anticlimactic, I have to say. If you're saying what I think you were saying...
We're excited to be featured on tomorrow! Tune in at 12:00 for a tasty live demo for National Earth Month!
i need a picture of that tattoo even though I don't know how would I function after I saw that! #worrying Haha!
well time 4 bed
Avatar voids the law of diminishing marginal returns? 3rd time and better than the first!
1,000 tweet on my 1 year of having a Twitter . #whatsgood (:
Nice to run outside again and to work in the yard. Happy day!
I spent 30 minutes walking. 113 calories burned.
Food is done...New recipe..everybody love it..I'm a boss :)
I know-right?! I'm thinking the ad men lack more than decency-they lack good taste.
Just saw Patrick Henry at the Fort Worth Stockyards. He wants to ride a bull.
Remember that time Slipknot sucked? Yeah, me either. Because they never sucked. That time has never existed.
I feel ya...RT Officially over being over committed! I need to prioritize and set better boundaries!
New haircut! Feeling weird about it!
My Midwestern wife loves her a Friday fish fry.
Vett in shop for regular check up,
: hey cutie
i literally just cried for real
Finally moved from Illinois to Wisconsin. What a transition!
Finally arrived! Nap time before camp starts :-)
Good Morning DC! Hello #Eval world.
Birthday month activity of the day: lunch at Honey's Kettle Chicken...using a Groupon, of course!
follow black please? :)
did you order with an accent?
Dear people in train station, The older you are, the less applicable skinny jeans become.
Going to sleep! GoodNight and
Ice cream truck.. Id chase that.. New shoes.. Id lace that.. Chunkdirty.. Id dump that.. Id bump that... RT if u agree!!
#15peopleilove my mom
good luck you won't need it though(;
D= I'm sowwy. Maybe I'll just give it a little kiss all better. ONLY because you're super cute though :P
going after what you want is a risk worth taking ::hugz::
What!? She's pretty! Who do you think QB1 should date? A VS model? Wait, I think your answer is prob yes :)
Mobile Marketing Solutions Provider. SMS, WAP & Mobile Apps- We walk u through the process of launching a mobile marketing campaign.
Guess what mr. Brandon i didnt unfollow u. What now. ;b
good game last night im in denver and still make sure to catch more of ur games than the nuggets
where yu been?!?
Thanks for the welcome. :)
Somebody draw a map cause this bitch must've lost her mind.
In time of test, family is best. ~Burmese Proverb
Another game coming down to the wire. I love the playoffs
And look at that... it's 5:00 already. Time to wrap it up. :(
Have you seen the new dewittlaw.com? Let us know what you think
I thought my dog knew better to stick around me without a leash..he doesn't. I had to chase him around the house.
North Carolina: 1 hr to Vote Against
is it peanut butter Cheerios? Because yes, those are amazing.
cool story no one cares
Thanks for the RT with the link! (cc: )
We All have that one friend that is always texting
I'm 16
Revising in the desert retreat -- oh so much better than drafting!
you was suppose to be there. We Dominic said you was
remember that the Easter bunny died for our sons in that horrible helicopter crash.
what kinda vibe you going for? Something more corporate/ buisness looking, or something more modern with a urban feel?
I'm great, you?
congrats buddy, keep up the good work and welcome to the working mans world of sports
Breathing in!!
The stock market is a leading indicator. Is the debt crisis a surprise? Is the outcome reflected in stock prices now? Are we headed down?
Awesome news, Kari!
What does it taste like, I'm tempted now :o
I will let myself discover some new, better, brighter beliefs about myself and my life.
It's crazy how every time I'm mad @ some1 this forgiveness speech on Medea Goes to Jail comes on
thanks for the RT. :-)
Looking forward to the Cubs/Yankees game tonight at Wrigley field!
I'd be happy if they stop confusing a corporation with a freaking person…
Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles.
:) party this weekend at karma. It'll be fun. Show up. Bring your beautiful wife. Help me wish my 20s a happy farewell.
>>>when someone texts you and you cant text them back at that moment, but when you can text them, they cant text you back
Just in time for SOPA, Seattle natives create find your congressional district widget
That line was definitely where that episode started to turn… creepy.
really? I'm hyped for high school! I can't wait!
thanks Audrey!
well we have to go one person willing to change with us at a time. Barriers can be broken.
#Heat are 71.5% to beat the #Knicks tonight. Tip-off coming soon.
When his birthday really rolls around...nobody is gonna believe him.
Not a good night to be fighting with my computer and Xcode
Hey followers! let's talk!
I miss cute.
If only people could hear me singing climax by usher in my car lmaooo
Lol, I'm wearing my Blink shirt today too! XD I cracked up when I saw Ricky's tweet about it
the way you smile, your eyes, your personality, theres just something about u that jst strikes me.
“: Thanks for all of the great advice on the show ~ SOCIAL MEDIA engagement made easy!” Thanks, too much fun!
Jenny Slate wins Varsity Show award
“: Is the 635 the worst highway in the usa? I think so” Anytime you drive it, you are def risking your life.
today is JB's birthday. Is true.
Pomp and circumstance...graduation time:) Yay!!!
Avengers was ok..
Well...in that case. Nothing to celebrate today. Never mind. RT : yeah, i'm a white sox fan.
They had nineteen children, but they knew what to do; they had one more; God told them to. This brood's a cash cow; let's call it God's zoo.
“: What's on YOUR weekend agenda..... Dining Out? Cooking for friends & family? Events around town?” Going to
I think it's just that some ppl refuse to learn new things. That's why.
I have a lot going on at home as does One of us can & will clarify as soon as we can.
Love this place.
We don't want to leave Tucson!
Salmonella food of 2011 float.
Reading An #Actor Prepares by #Stanislavdki, then going for a run before work at 11:30. is this what they mean by being productive everyday?
Good stuff company #IU12 "our Japan flag hearts t-shirt raised $250M for charity"
$10 Blue Jays-125 in action
Its funny how vh1 is playing a movie about biggy and BET has 2 pac
I'm great!!! Yay
All finished with the Fifty Shades of Grey trilogy. What now?!....
How is everyone? :D
Twitter Whack A Mole Is Fun...You Got Those That Pop Up W/Out Welcome Trying To Start Drama. What Do You Do? WHACK THEM
why am i awake?
Just because you weren't born with a #MovieStarSmile does't mean that one is out of reach! www.kravitzdental.com
I don't understand how you stop Anthony Davis. Seriously. I don't.
And tho' I'm in the "don't use them" camp (though I've written some), I've had some good audio tours outdoors--gardens, zoos.
Oh man, what a night!
Jealous of everyone at #Sundance this year! But only a few more months until !
You killed it on SNL last night!
wish you girls were here today!!
My dads bipolar -____-
I wish clouds could light up at night :)
I watch it sometimes :')x
Just saying... We'd be perfect together <3 #4ever haha
Thanks for the info. Rescheduling brunch but next time going to your blog first!!
Genius is the gold in the mine; talent is the miner who works and brings it out. - Lady Blessington
Some of the levels/labels seemed a little wonky/mismatched to me too but curious about overall results-
I don't judge. People like all kinds of weird character pairings. That one is not the most logical.
I want #SJSharks hockey to start.
Me??? :D RT : And the Restaurant Week dinner for 2 winner is..
Quick hits: Meet five UFA set to join the Miami Dolphins
In observance of the holidays, we will be opening our doors at noon on Sunday, April 7, instead of our regular 9:00 A.M. opening time.
Snowy in DC. Thankfully it won't last. Getting closer to March every day. C'mon spring!
I can have other friends... #justlettingyouknow. You do.
At SVA Fall Lecture Series: Steven Heller, “Nostalgia for the Future: Or Did Design Save the World?”
thanks bry4n! thanks for being a customer and hope we crushed it for you!
duh, everybody knows.. but I was really talking about (:
Tonight Tequila Shack ladies night. Get away from the norm and escape to the Shack. Tonight.
Baseball rematch soon!!!!
#safari is my favorite! I am so jealous of you right now!
Guys with rat tail.
Discovery in Reference Universe: Ordination of Women and Theologians in the Middle Ages from A History of Women & Ordination
#thatcampgames writing issues - I'm off to the productivity/motivation guild, as represented by Princess Peach
Still got alot to do with fat fat on my hip
Hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas! Stay tuned for some awesome stuff coming your way from us!
Will is wild
I hate when people talk shit about stuff they know nothing about.
one of my followers! haha
alright I sent u my email just let me kno
Thank you!
thanks for the FREE twitter report. It was quite helpful.
I think size (hide-ability), and I like tracking more than just steps. After a little research I'm sticking with !
I got you. Keep in touch too. ✌
i see a lack of arrogance amongst you laker fans.. does this mean what i think it means?
Wait... But what of we wanna to to one night of #lollapalooza ???? hahahahaha
Woohoo, we're back online! Stay tuned for today's posts.
Still trying to figure out which gods are on which side in Greece. This could turn into another Iliad real quick.
In the Stone + Joyful, Joyful We Adore Thee = Funky fun stuff. Chart written. Cutting tracks soon! Stay posted!
wonder how many people are gonna get caught with weed today...
#bandsilove Linkin Park. Their old stuff that is!
Had a wonderful nap!
…cont) the border to Mexico?
