#FF I adore her so much  and she is so gorgeous and so nice to me. (:
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
Oh, you like that huh?
I wanna kick your ass ! Ass, Grass, Gas ? That's all? Yeah kissing your chicken? F**k a dog in the ass?
sox pride runs deep.
you're always my number one, just don't tell the kids.....or the cat Hugs
"you can't get something for nothing"
- I'll be at tomorrow. Bummed I couldn't make the Hackathon today, looks awesome!
omg it would be the coolest double date trip...okay im getting to carried away ..never know how those will go so yea.
Nate Silver has arrived Looking forward to insightful talk on the election. Great to see strong student turnout.
in this case, why is losing jobs okay? We have 10s of thousands less jobs than we could should would if Walker had compromised
thank YOU!
This is who I am "live for nothing or die for something"-Rambo
I don''t think there will be another band that harmonized as good as the Eagles
What is anatomy?
No doubt...#M&TBANKSOUTH
Don't borrow someone else's plan. Develop your own philosophy and it will lead you to unique places.- Jim Rohn
Thanks for following, Bethany!
are you a slut?
Why is it news that a RHOwherever's cat just died? Really universe?
Made quite a few sacrifices in 2011. 2012 has got to be the year of ascent.
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. —Will Rogers
it should be #sorrysis for waking the kids up! Haha
To all those going to #MSHSProm: use protection, tip your limo driver, and request a Backstreet Boys song for me.
rememberd when i said i'd go outside and yell i love sam pottorff? i did, now my neighbors stare at me weird. lol
If this were AOL private room KoRn in the late 90s I'd be leading right now.
We have an arbitration tomorrow.
Great time at Santacon my dude. Can't wait to continue it at #SHMafterparty! we are gonna crush it homie!
sorry hun, that's rough. hugs
You always pull off whatever hair-do no matter what
RT When people think their the shit. Get over yourself. << but I bet they know the difference between "their" and "they're"
All I can say is that I love (:
I just did it because my dad had 6 months to live. Were he still alive I might still be a bachelor. Thanks, dad...
That's kind of up in the air depending on tonight, but if they lose, they'd probably play Wednesday.
they came to the digi tour last year if im not mistaking.
Looks like the start of something great! #gfree pies
Great visit w/ Campbellsville University partners today! Thank u for having us out to tape the Dialog on Public Issues Segment
Consumer activity comprises most of the US economy — $10 trillion of $14 trillion total. $10 trillion is half the global consumer market.
ABBY PLEASE help out a local ROCHESTerian one time please retweet this and have everyone VOTE so i can win an engagment ring
At least ESPN keeps airing this D Rose commercial so we have something to be excited about in Chicago.
IT'S PLAYING HOLY, OMG OMG OMG
ManU Report: Neville joins Hodgson's England staff
This Thursday, March 1st at 10:00 a.m. is the grand reopening of Philbrick Hall (formerly Philbrick Popular Library) at Central Branch.
Today just got cooler!
Some hosting companies are way over their head!
they talked about harry and caroline on sirius xm today omg
Free Prescription Discounts - Savings up to 28% - Giant Eagle - VICODIN -
The evidence the jurors saw in the Amy Senser case. Nearly 130 pieces: photos, 911 calls etc. How you can see it all on KSTP-TV at 5pm.
wins female vocalist! Yay!
Dexter Fowler just keeps hitting. Huge three-run shot ties it up.
u need followers
#startnorfolk #WTF what's the fix? Transmit check engine codes and get repair qoutes
A former inmate of the Central New Mexico Correction Facility in Los Lunas says a captain of the guards raped him repeatedly. So: a lawsuit.
Andrew Zimmern is ridiculous. Things r probably crawling inside this man lol
When does article on the V Magazine??
of course, you can never go wrong with "bright lights". like I said, it was my first time hearing him. what's yours?
Adventure Time is the best thing that has ever happened to the world. :3 I love everything about it! <3 And Jeremy Shada is just amazing
MIXED GREENS SALAD - With Orange, Cucumber, Jicama and Green Olive Vinaigrette
Did you know the Owl Bar is serving Batch 19, a pre-prohibition lager?
Just donated half my closet to GoodWill.
Mom: what's that show was in? Me: Reba? Better With You? Mom: YES BETTER WITH YOU I JUST WATCHED IT ON NETFLIX IT'S AWESOME!
Yep. The episode where the LA Connection run from the law. and Officer chase us on Mopeds. LOL
Bless the conference organizers and hotel staff for having available!!
IMLS core values in the strategic plan - working for public good, integrity, collaboration, continuous learning
hm,,i think I kinda like him,, this relationship might work out after all.
Thank you so much! Can you also tell your followers to vote for Germany? <33 Because you're an amazing and big account. <33
thanks homie. It's been good.
Day off. Post office, Trader Joe's, and a nice run with my Oh and maybe some Games of Thrones re-runs
OMG you know they did a track!!!
Oct. 3, 1894: : Ives moves into 76 South Middle (his Yale dorm); begins at Yale College.
Shitty that Micky D's ain't got the Strawberry and Creme on deck <<<<<
We are #ripcity Come Blazers!!!
they are very good friends they should join us yes
i followed
[zz]The Most Important Algorithms (in CS and Math) » strongczq的 ...
Thanks! Right back at ya
lol that don't look like u?!:)
This Friday March 16 is Say No Bullying Day throughout Australia. Wear Orange and take a stand together on Friday around the world.
No one wants to go to school. Why force it.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that ASK a lot of fckin question #sitchoassdown somewhere 😂
Do you ever open old stuff and wonder -- for a second at least -- who wrote it? That's my fav. Def recycling, in best way!
one day. haha. i gotta head to bed. tweet you tomorrow :) goodnight! sleep tight! and dont let anyone in your room.
Here we go, second half! #LAKERS wake up!!!!
Why do you have to be so hot and live so so far away?!
Love me some #Bearwatch!
just made 51 hits today on my blog, which beat my previous record of 50. So yeah, maybe not earth shattering, but it is a coo!
#AAJA Denver meeting at Asian Cajun, one of new wave of Viet-owned Cajun restaurants from post-Katrina New Orleans.
Yay For President Obama For Supporting The Homos. :D
John Bylander is going to to NYC and we are playing his depart-y at The Annex Theater in Baltimore on Friday!!
I wanna drink some caribou Lou with right now!!
Just tilled yesterday so the dirt is fresh and fluffy. If we wait, it may rain and pack the dirt back down. Conundrum LOL
Rain or shine all of our farmers will be looking for you. Put on a smile and join us wet or dry
Got Bieber Fever and Simpson Syndrome
will you ever do a COOL MORNING 3 with ?;)
My flirting game is off
Watching a hummingbird in garden...
its all about how you say it and whether or not you're intending to do harm by it.
isn't that what Z is saying?
Thank you!
Welcome to The Igloo Philly... NOW GET THE FUCK OUT!!!
watching the last episode of #desperatehousewives sad that it is ending =[
Adam Sandler!! :D
We have a new bubbly by glass ~ Foreau Chenin Blanc Brut Vouvray Loire Valley! Come check it out!
There is NO excuse for a father NOT to be in his childs life.
😃loving the cornrows
The cocoa pebbles commercials make me want them
I'm in need of some TacoBell, GUESS WHAT I'M DOING TOMORROW :D
A thing not worth doing isn't worth doing well.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit
yea u were real fake lmao sad
Its some wonderful trivia knowledge right? :) - Lina
So I saidd.."hey,why don't u go pick on someone ur on size?!,u dont have no GD reason to mess with her. WTF did she do 2 u? Huh bitch?!...
When you want wisdom and insight as badly as you wanted to breathe, it is then you shall have it.
Coming soon New Single From Miguelito Lamorte & The Chino Nuñez Orchestra
haha oh you know I would ! But I have my final today too .. And don't be too hard on .. She's on summer break
thanks for the rt and for helping us use social media to reach beyond the walls of our classroom! My kids will be excited!
Tired all day but when it comes time for some sleep I can't fall asleep
What tie should I wear at the District conference? I want to look sharp when I'm up on stage.
Thanks tho. Life's what u make of it. Keep what works well, scrap wht don't. He keeps me honest & confident.
The new site looks cool, and I do like the new features. I do miss having access to seeing Friends posts. Will that be available soon
says "No contact with EA Online. Please try again later."
do u like my new background!!!!!!!!!
I'm gonna say it again because it's spiritual: the seasonal Espresso Stout is something you don't want to miss.
Big Things Coming Soon....very soon
RT - Jacksonville Jaguars and Cleveland Browns are tied at #23. Despite Clevelands 2 wins to Jacksonvilles' 1, the ...
I always forget how good you were in Old School! Ole Dean Pritchard.
Mildly windburned after walking around metro with the hubby and the dogs
AT MATHS : rocha : good morning gustavo(me) : (silly face) ... gives a slap to Rocha as always as everyday xd
RT : Rachel Roy Introducing New Shoe Line After nearly seven years-set to hit stores this fall. Via WWD
Can a student major in entrepreneurship or is the topic best if incorporated in all majors?
I was right, none missed me :(
Wow. Not a win
Yes. Currently available online, and we ship to your doorstep anywhere in US! www.westcoastscrapple.com
Playing on an empty stomach is always a bad idea.
my love gave me a kindle fire, mommys very happy
Who knew we'd ever learn how to shuck an oyster?! Looks like it's time to update the ol' resume :)
haha I'd be honored:3
pleasure was mine. Looking forward to the events.
im kinda late but there was no hw lol
3 years: Over/Under on how long it takes Justin Bieber to develop alcoholism and a cocaine addiction?
As long as you have not been off the #HCG for 10+ days u can usually just start again. No gorging or anything like that.
if I give you back your necklace and we lose, it will be your fault.
No firm date yet, but springtime is the usual release time.
And we are back to Monday
No ma'am. Part of my "job".
How'd your first year go? N man idek. Prolly late summer hopefully. Me n B missed the last couple trips.
it was when logan got slapped in the face>>HAHAHAH lol but don't get me wrong i like all of u!
When you don't like someone's status, because you don't care about their opinion.
It's from an episode of Portlandia.
Great turnout. I'm sure you killed it. Looking forward to the encore performance tomorrow.
I might not be THAT old, but I'm proud to say that I'm an avid fan of the Beatles :))))
well I'm team PM all the way, but that picture made me happy.
Great last night here at BSU. Going to miss the bros and Stay fly this summer ya'll.
Intrigued by diigo. Has anyone used diigo educator accounts to facilitate class sharing of links?
I would be there SO fast!
A system is a repeated course of actions - a way of doing things - that brings about result.
Thank u for introducing me to gary clark jr. He is bringing back rock n roll, love it!!
Nice to see on tonight. I miss
We would love to host!
I've never heard NOVA and "Off the grid" in the same sentence before! Glad you had a good weekend.
There gets to be a point in life when not learning isnt fun anymore
Please shut the FUCK up, if you're saying you don't like people in your business but you're still putting it all over the internet.
thanks Sterling!
Yes captain, I had a WONDERFUL afternoon! :)
I noticed that! Wonder why? Twitter too scary? : )
IN APRIL are you following TREND'S??
Happy Halloween i hope you have a great nite
Thank u!! RT “: happy birthday... s2s2”
same thing I said.
I'm loving my new iPhone 4s.
4 months :D
Just had a rehearsal/camera test for an upcoming outreach video. Looking & sounding good, now to secure a location for filming.
That's good. :]
Thanks for your tweet! Have an excellent day and week!!
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte
How are you all doing?
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. :)
Do I sense judgement? RT“: you'd take a cock in the mouth for Cal though”
Ooh C&B is nice! I don't feel bad at all, I really like most of their furniture and am also pleased with my mad decorative skillz
Ryan Reynolds in School of Life. just watched it. Great movie!! i recommend it to anyone out there :)
Truly believe God, you will worry nothing! I found that is not every one who goes to church on Sunday they believe in God.
hey I haven't talked to you in a while ha
Do you agree that college athlete play to pay everyone else except themselves? Discussion on Costas tonight on NBCSN
Hey does anyone watch the show mike&molly? Last show of the season tonight.
this song i am listening to >>>>
I push everyone away. All the time, im sorry.
I need weed and god lol. 😝
Been there. Good luck
the Egyptians never called their phaoroah's kings. They called them phaoroah's, Kings are rulers in Europe.
Never the one to gloat...but I do this fashion shit yo.
“: It's sad to me how often we let God given opportunities lapse because of indecision & fear.”
especially from suicide. Please, If you know someone (even if you don't really know them) who wants to commit suicide try and talk them
Thanks for the Feedback! --A member of our Support team is reaching out now.
4 day weekend ?
RT : Did you know you can text a librarian? Text your question to 66746. Start your first message with AACPL. Response asap
no problem. thanks for following back
#angeles Glendale Low-Voltage Contractor Announces Special Fall Offer for Installation of HD TVs in Los Angeles County
I didn't sleep at all last night...what's the joke
Nothing ass hoes on deck...
Watching old episodes of The Walking Dead <3
Hey CC. I'll send a small version of your logo to your omail account.Thumbnail version
WORRYING does not take away tomorrow's TROUBLES, it takes away today's PEACE. - Unknown, from a Forwarded email - but I liked it!
161 days until I'm 18.
Would it be wrong if Tiger blurted out: "I wanna kick that porn star in her money maker!"???
After you've heard 2 eyewitness accounts of an auto accident it makes you wonder about history. - Bits & Pieces
I'm so tired of seeing these girls with duck face & titties hanging out 😲🔫
well they aren't voting for Obama so they're called racists by the left
can't wait to join you man, NYC is inspiring!
Mahomies: When we party, WE PARTY HARD.
Heading to a final lunch in Sparks for this academic year.
thanks for letting me know. My question is why would it be a scam what do they have to gain from it?
curing the pain??? :)
what, what?
Got Transportation ?
drink on it with good ky bourbon.
The International Balloon Fiesta starts Sat. The Pella Store is on the way! Alameda Blv. NE Ste A. See or call Jeff.(505)362-0529.
Is there anything more unnerving to this semi-germaphobe than when the sensor on the public toilet flushes while you're still hovering?! No!
you should have always known that. Lol
Halo Modders Form Xitol Softworks, Working On Zone: The Battleground The latest attempt from a mod group to become a legitimate design st
Loved your outfit last night - so well put together and so comfy
Layin out seaside
i would say about 18". some insane drifts of 4ft+ outside my front door. its just a mess!
Glad to hear that! Are you guys playing?
knock knock. who's there?
Florida state #UpsetAlert #UpsetCity what a game
currently sitting on my suitcase lol
oh derek
Dam cold hand at the craps table?
Well I'm pissed, I feel like I was just called ugly and fat at the same time.... From my boyfriend!
hahahaha that zombie thing is so funny
My back is giving me killer pain :\
I still have the old Tweetdeck on my computer. Score!! Now I can tweet again without going crazy.
NCAA gave you a path to success, stop being a victim of the system and running your mouth that these athletes are in a choke hold
#orphans8 Jay Schwartz presenting after a screening of 'The Jungle', a film made by and about black street gangs in Philly.
Why thank you for the compliment! RT : I'm finna make some nachos and attempt to make them as good as
I got some Kleenex for your tears. Lol.
Your what hurts....
“: All women are crazy! #Nondebatable” been learned that bro
Frito Pie homemade deliciousness today for Free lunch at the Wesley. Come get some free food @ 12 today. Bring your friends!!
I hate that Proactiv is the only thing I think about now when I hear the word "proactive".
I'm nostalgic abt *first* time I surfed the web, but I doubt my new niece will be--she won't remember it as something new.
Laughing so hard it hurts
Yeah but 150 cals, 50 cals here and there adds up when you are watching the total cals
We're playing a show tonight at The Speakeasy in Lakeworth, FL with Sleeping Giant, Gideon & much more! Come hang out & buy some merch!
Hey, don't mess with our tribute thread!!!!!! BITCH!
RT": Learn to accept criticism. I'm not perfect & neither are you."
Good suggestion. What's not to love about an armadillo? Better than some fat old white dude in need of a shave.
Im trying, i really am. Its starting to get harder.
I love cooking breakfast.
You are so desperate and it's hilarious
take yo black ass to bed
Markland Hanley and its founders listed in Bar Register of Preeminent Lawyers in Product Liability
Life doesn't have a remote, get up and change it yourself.❤
and all the howling she does :) lol. Thanks so much!! She was a killshelter pup- her and 12 others.
Thank you ALL for the advice re:splitting into two Twitter accounts. I guess there's no easy way to do it other than just do it.
S/O to for being a little hottie
my bother sucks at singing .
school -_- at least it's FRIDAY :D
Fuck The Egyptian Army.
Wow! iPhone crashed on startup and spit out a bunch of line code. That was a first.
how bout them redsox!
Thank you I will send her your regards.
Thanks for the follow
LOL you're sweaty. Don't touch me
Feeling cranky...don't know if I will red tomorrow. Must be tired from all that snowblowing...
A real man isn't defined by the number of girls he had, but by the number of girls he told "I'm sorry, but I'm taken And I love her so much♥
I need a contact for northeast Houston for our food event in 2 weeks. Coca Cola products will be there. We want pepsi there too!
hahahah #billpaxton. That's what's up!
Thanks for following me, I am follwoing U as well, nice to meet you here on Twitter
theres only one way to find out lol
"Love me, love me, say that you love me."
Follow and GET 1,000 Followers
When the game is on the line? Can you handle the pressure?
This sounds like a really special thing to do for Mother's Day!
FYI, if you "lose" a book from another county's library, it's $125. Not doing any more library favors for friends. That was a dick move.
Adding new castings and news right now in Virginia Actors' Forum Group. Go there right now on FB!
Blows my mind that the stands at #NCAAsd aren't always loaded with local age group teams.
happy birthday <3 I hope you have an amazing day (:
I'm a 37 yr old responsible adult who just wants to play online poker while there are real criminals out that needs to be dealt with. WTF?
When I grow up I want to be like Ip Man
Sources: Another SDPD officer accused of misconduct, this time for allegedly "fixing" tickets.
Did my PM about the project come through to you?
I can't afford it right now.
Feeling better from this horrible cold + found $10 in the back pocket of my pants =
hey thanks for fowllowing me on twitter
Cant wait to get off work and get home to and the kiddos and see my boy !! #maxpayne3 tonight!!!
Ahh i been Good man, Planning coming to see my younglings at vp soon. Aha but Wassup, How have you been?
Dear God, WHY do you know that? We're breaking up. RT oh no, grandma wrinkles died??
Lets see what you got RAYS!
an indian man at target just made me try on several articles of clothing to determine what size to buy his sister.
Glad to hear that. You always feel better after yoga :)
OMG homecoming was live!!
"We Did Not Fully Envision the Challenges That We Would Encounter" Obstantiam oppeteremur plene non prospeximus
it's tough to do across the board... Any races coming up?
Now have 1 in Mexico with 9 fetuses; I blame the Dr. For endangering these women's health & failing 2 check 4 mental illness
funny! rt can you say cliff hanger? I thought something was wrong with my tv & then I saw the mask...hilarious
Love getting these weird looks while out in public wearing my onesie. Lol
you can't stay still, huh?
Who went out and bought the album ?
I will take time throughout each day to tend to my needs just as I would tend to someone I loved dearly.
Sessions makes me mad.
anyone have any knowledge of an embeddable, collaborative list maker? (Not like tada, but something that's totally open? no invite needed?
Some things really are phases... #overit :)
Just too perfect...in my eyes at least
good to keep an eye on to see if they changed, but doubt the point still stands, Meck didn't turnout as much as Wake did
Had a great time at the TowsonTown Festival.. Man, the weekend flies!
i love that my biggest problem right now is trying to see the computer screen despite the glare of the sun. #spring! #baseball!
tonight and Bryant, Paul and Katie serving up drinks all night.
Making this nighttime deadline with the assistance of , and a glass of W.L. Weller Special Reserve.
#GrandTheftAutoMemories Get from in front of the t.v you made me get shot dammit!
what is this about?!
This Friday I'll be playing at the Bugle Boy in LaGrange, TX. This is a great room folks - mark your calendars!! 8-10pm
Definitely. Come by after. Who are you meeting with?
Consider it your good deed for the day. You made them quite happy I'm sure.
Any Songs From Cocaine Muzik 1-4 U Got None But Classic On There!!!!!
Wow, 3rd base umpire rough on check swings tonight
I like this
brought my 10 & 8yr old boys 2 c u last nov. We loved believe! Best vegas show I've ever seen c u soon 4 sure ;) xoxo
I'll take one large with a side salad. Just watch out for Artwalk patrons when you drop it off.
diggin grizzly bear's track "two weeks"
i was freak out...
I'm in #Virginia!
LIve To Give - Give Away #1 - www.BrianEZimmerman.com Live To Give is a weekly project where Demet.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Back from a delish Indian meal at Masala Jacks in Cotati. Needed to get fueled up to watch the Giants on TV
I feel sick. Time to raid the medicine cabinet.
“I’m the franchise so I rock my own chain/No I(D) said give ‘em that '80s cocaine/Something raw something pure so I stayed in that vein.”
Mega Millions winning ticket sold in my hometown. Congratulations! Checking with family and friends now.
Case studies show this product is use full for 100's of disease's Restores the True You What Can It Do For You? Http://lamininehealth.com
RT: Join our for their chapter leaders meeting on 3/8 at !
ice it
sure thing. “: Aw, thanks you two.”
Selling a red electric guitar, used with one strong broken ( but could be replaced, reply if your interested in negotiating.
SOMEONE GET DAVID PARKER OFF TV NOW!!!!
Lets go chris paul and blake griffin lets get it
RT : A good date ends with Dinner. A great date ends with Breakfast.
Thanks, I checked out Leadernet.ca as well. Good job!
Drabek just entered the courtroom.
*goes to check the HOES my brother has on his shit*
air force
i agree. Tupac was the exception. He wrote poetry b4 he rapped. A lot of rappers, like Jay-Z r very poetic, but not poets per se
permanent, sort of. those were archived webinars for purchase, but we'll be updating with links to watch/listen for free
Santini&#39;s Mythical Leda and Swan Image Removed Due to Bestiality Charges
it must be quite a sight to see me in traffic belting out one of your songs, probably one hell of a listen too ;)
oh idk then sorry
thank you :)
Off to teach dependent and independent clauses. Anybody want to fix my sentence fragments?
I'm kinda startin to miss talking to
“: haha ever done that ?” lol, no, but I should really try it.
My bad and for ruining the workout. :(
no point to give away head phones she they don't send the mother fuckers out to you.
They've called me ugly, stupid, fat and weak. But i know I have plenty of strength beauty and power. I believe b/c confidence is my choice.
Sunday's were made for watching golf, not playing. On a day as nice as today, shoulda played better than the 93 I posted!
that's what I'm doing! Minus the hiccups. And also add mountain dew.
that's what my nephew calls me! Same!
"I'm gonna get me some fuckin' Fazoli's!" - drunk girl walking into Papa Ray's Pizza.
oh how awesome:) it must suck to be moving schools tho. I should know, I came from Texas and moved here 4months ago it sucked
Nov 12 is the official Grand Opening, so save the date :-)
same and also waiting for my best friend to come over =P
so your good deed wll set you free !
Sacramento officially getting an arena!!? That's pretty tight!!!
Had funn w/ My fellow 2012 classmates tonight...just us few hadd funn together , : ) !
Thanks so much!
your dunk over the KIA was impressive, but we'll give you a free tee if you can jump over a school bus.
It's cold and windy and pouring and there's something beeping and its freaking my shit completely out. I'm genuinely worried.
haha ok that's fine. I'm following her now!!
ha! Don't hurt nobody out there lol
Oh...fLux! You don't wanna know what I thought! Thanks for the follow. Hope you have a chance 2 dig u some Skwirl! Best & success!
Thanks so much Amanda! You're awesome!
The #Cavs are way off #chalupa pace
Ok. I think I'm going to root for the Romanian kid named Zoltan who punts for the Patriots. That's a sweet name.
#Morel starting in the 2-hole again tonight...I mine as well be hitting in the 2-hole.
#Broncos select Derek Wolfe DL Cincinnati with the 36th pick overall in the NFL Draft.
NO. I got a cold and can't breathe to well so not sleeping very good.
ha! What's next? Silly String?
did you get a g1? I was looking at them today... my TMobile contract ends in January, so maybe then...
Consider following soccer fan
tried posting to the LADL/NDPL message board but was timed out and all was lost...
I am considering going back to using Outlook b/c my eyes hurt from looking at the screen. And I can't even change the theme!
I now have 500 followers. Pretty bizarre considering how bad I am twitter. But Thanks for being number 500!
do all mammals have bellybuttons?
The comment system has a number of bugs that would make me hesitant to want FB as a news platform.
I'm ignoring that slight because I ONLY HEAR WHAT I WANT TO.
Sometimes I think I have never really found my way. I just grew accustomed to being lost...
Sure was convenient tho, no? 'Now don't you get all focused on your careers or something, cause then you won't be able to make babies!'
RT : SB: UNCG tops Radford in game one of their doubleheader, 4-3 in nine innings. Eileen Horsmon knocked in all four runs.
Friend: "So you're surprised that a guy wanted to sleep with you that you met on Grindr?" "Well, sure it sounds stupid when you say it."
I did! "I Feel Like a Freakin Pervert!"-
Now I have a shit ton of caffeine in me and cant use it
he's pitching lights out today... Bullpen better not f up his performance
Jackson State just got slaughtered at Spades! If you count a three point victory as a slaughter...
I'll send it to my faculty if that would help or is that too many from one place-
Adobe's latest CS version 5.5 was introduced today. Nice chance to ask questions to Adobe Evangelists via Facebook. And all were answered.
The commish is in section 15, 4 rows up, 3rd seat from the aisle towards center court. Let's impress that little shit in the second half.
Don't mind my boobs
true...plus waistline expansion.
The Sundowners Social is tonight at The Drop. We welcome Mati Mat and Billy Beale to the stage to share tunes with us. 10p-2a.
i'm not sure:)
last meal in ny- russ and daughters smoked salmon.dear god it's beautiful.
RT From : if you want copies of my slides send email to .
nvm it was about skins but it gotanswered.
If man does his best what else is there?
Unfortunately not yet We may look to in the future, but for now we are focused on supplying the USA.
I hate being torn in two directions
watch where you step.
Let me just say it... and for the record... I miss HARRASSING
RT : How about a big round of applause for our #VOLUNTEERS! Thanks for all you do! #NatlVolunteerWeek RT!
#HowAboutWe stop jumping to conclusions and take a second to find the truth
For the time being I'm on my Wwf grind and super fun new scrabble/boggle hybrid Scramble. Start a game with me, I'm Far Flung
"Projected Markets"- Beyond government or comm sats, where are the markets that justify investment in new space companies?
Guess who's going to be a fantasy creature this Saturday?!?!....
So much to do this weekend! I need to be Ms. Productive. Then I can relax and eat all the cheesesteaks I can handle in Philly next week!
Baltimore - Towson is having it's most glorious day of the year today! Get out and enjoy it.
did I see you on fremont strEet yesterday?
Mahomies have mad #swag!
“: RT if you watch family guy.”
One last drink of moonshine at Hole in the Wall before heading downtown.
When im about to trip on something , I think about it , analyze it, and say fuck that it's way to small to trip on.
I do remeber my first client-my first cut,corrective color,and full body waxing was on my first day!
- Alrighty You Gnee Head & do that . & Lhh Girl , It Aint New , Just Only New Too You . This My NEW Bf thoo .
Can I Live???
who are you, what in the fuck do you want. You had better read a person's profile before saying shit, ms Tallahassee
I love Major Payne one of my old time all time favs.
I thought about it too. I usually like being right. I don't want to be right.
#ConfessionTime I really wanna say "fuck off" constantly but I always have to be diplomatic :/... Hate it
But of course belated Happy Birthday to you:)
I'm thinking we could collaborate on some #prezi projects, for and
Guess #oomf can't text me no.more
do you miss the snow?
Have fun! (I'll be attending this con vicariously through you this year, you realize, so tweet well, and tweet often.)
As I sit Iam over here thinking about how much fun I had w./ Tiffany at ha old house I love those days cracking :))
Hell Yea Everything Gucci This Way, You Good?
barry is no longer my soulmate. he has left the building.
I think its time for another quince this Saturday? ;D
I love you , cheer up <333
still it was just awkward and i wasent grossed out or anything but still :(
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. - Franklin P. Jones
wow jealous. love her!
pretty good value with REDS +139
Thx for sharing our post!
I ordered two. Stay tuned for twitter fashion show!
#obamacarefacts Under Obamacare, all organ transplants will be subject to a cap and trade system.
explain that the Phillies sucked your entire life except for a 5 year stretch
I need to give my mouse a break sometimes... It's working overtime!
LOL. Hell yeah. 👍
TCF bank sucks
finally getting around to upgrading all my indexes from solr 1.4 to 3.5
do I win?
glad i am not alone lol
the resurrection as the second half of the story. NTWright would say the R is actually the climax.
The worst part is that if i did what she did id be grounded for a year but of course cause its my sis shes not even grounded for a day
Worst outcomes from this went through my mind
lol birthday shout outs with swag
NO interest payment plan for IVF! Yes it is true. call for more info. 310-209-7700
The newest Backroading w/ Matt Wayne video. with Clayton of
I should not have been allowed to learn how to talk like w00000w.
It's amazing how people that u been fucking with can fuck over u
My wish , for you ♪
Not even Fulton Reed and Adam Banks would help the Flyers now.
Going to sleep for 30 mins . :)
guess the answer is yes cause you'se a
Damn I post ALLLLLOTT :) oh well
Congratulations go out to the talented cast and crew of with their big win of The Audience Award at !!
#KristenWiig's fan site linked to my blog: stagemomma.wordpress.com. :-) Very cool. Check it out: kristenwiigfan.com
The Beastie Boys are (or were, I suppose?) just so cool. Amazing staying power, videos, ability to reinvent themselves. Sad day for music.
Just watched a Twitter segment on the Today Show. Way to go David Gregory and Team!
Wasn't my rendition better? ;)
Thanks for helping spread the word about the situation in WI.
thanks 4 that tweet
Thank you :)
Get that you mean immediately recognizable & consistent, but what kind of look do you have in mind? Fonts, art, etc?
Let it be known that i would love to have a snow day tomorrow! #dearlordbabyjesusipraytoyou!
Judging Someone or Pointing Out Someones faults, will bring that same judgement on you! Be prepared to deal with it! God Bless You!
all sold out
Still miss vacation sun, so I bought some things for my little office to brighten it up. Hope it helps. Hard to write. Got to shake it off.
A.P. Is going to love Los Angeles
PAJAMA MEETING!!! RT : Nice chat with , think we can call that a spring summer '13 planning meeting
So glad you don't suggest choosing between Nutella & peanut butter - we can't live without either in our house!
but unlike mr. five moves, I have the complete skill set, no fumble-rooski! :-)
Please RT ... Put your phone down & drive safely. April is Driver Distraction Awareness month.
k. thanks.
aye sexy I love you
Of course one of the only drivers I like is more than 30 laps down.
ah!!! Let go!! Thanks for that!
Stop covering every dumb thing you do up with "Yolo" you have to grow up sometime
No longer secret.
tyler davis diserves it i dont care what mr big P said!
I hope I have people to share books with in person soon. So much more fun than mailing :p
U Smile <3
From to ! On until noon and then until 6! Just having fun. :)
Thanks Dale. Appreciate the mention and notice on this milestone.
Always march to the rhythm of your own drum ~ 's grandad
Online education to be a gunsmith, locksmith, electrician etc. helps hone your existing skills. Contact us for advice in any trade
FYI if people decide 2 park undr P&L its only $2 if u say ur going to Johnnys(if there are even spots available)
The more extreme powers of a Roman pater familias (unilateral divorce, execution) were rarely used in practice
Do you have a facebook..?
IN Quotes: "The only way to live with honor in this world is to be the person we pretend to be." - Socrates
Time with 3 OnBase Solutions Specialists from & they speak both OnBase & English. Thanks Hyland for all you do for the WSCC.
Just enjoyed a great dinner and a couple craft beers. Watching the !
How do you think the NFL should have handled the bounty roles from the Saints players?
Thinking about only buying passive aggressive gifts for Xmas....hair thinning shampoo, XXL outfits, weightloss pills...etc.
watching a movie
George Strait sings spanish on his new cd! I love him!!!
I been thought that too girl!! “: lorie is on my shit list. i been thought she should've died. #TheWalkingDead ”
Yeah(: People are being really selfish about this!
:) much love!! RT : S/o to one of my favorite DJ's in Houston & if you don't know this kid, get to know him!!!!!!
Sin night tonight and every monday 8 to close. Half off all rails, calls, and most beers?
Except don't watch the JATS-Con webcast session at 1:30. Nothing interesting happening then. :)
New michael kors!
So weird tv
Do I have any Twitter followers in Portland? If so, drop me a line --
hahaha shut up that was not what I had meant to say!! lol
Doing some "spring" cleaning while the weather's nice. Open til 6! Last today to check out Project Einstein!
Its awesome!! Love it.. coffee hyper lol
Well man crushes are a lot more of an issue
ok brain overload, time to step away from the computer and take a walk, lol
Don't be afraid if you pop-up in my school because imma wish for you on 11/11/11 (:
ur not following me..... either so whats up
Mean shout out to even more when the guest has your tv in his hands
I'm living fast forward!
I think you follow His tweets about baseball ratings are mind-blowing to me.
I kno .better wake up lol
*Gets Ready for shower*...*Do weird stuff in front of the mirror for like an hour.*
When your parents de-ice you car before they go to work>>>>>>
everything ok?
Lisa and Kim lol
The Dodgers didn't issue a single walk in tonight's win. This marks the 1st time The Dodgers have gone 5-1 in 13 years. Not too shabby!
Remember show and tell? Still applies today. Try adding video into a course to reduce training time.
uh I'll be close lol. I have an internship in Indy starting in August. Defs have to see each other!!
Watch my friend 's new youtube clip of him being Chloe. Oh and follow him because he tweets much more than me apparently.
Chris Davis!!
you're the best ever thank you so much <3
Great win for the Clippers -- depth of this team is scary. Imagine if they had a healthy Chauncey Billups.
We got news for ya Denton! With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
i dunno fagface did I
Hm. No-data-highly-equivocating-gut-answer = IF the "equal" domains are high authority I'd say false - take the many from one.
“: Just whooped inn this 2k. Who next?” ha yall niggas is sick for gettin off work on the late night and playin 2k
I guess I'm lucky *Scorpio*
"Hey can I borrow a pencil?" "Yeah but it doesn't have an eraser" "Life doesn't have an eraser" "That was deep man.."
Oh abby wambach, some people love her, so people hate her, i will go to my grave defending her!
126 and counting! I am loving all my new stars. Thanks #AFVMother'sDay12!
Staring at a gray Karachi sea
Tried to crash #alamw11 but was turned away.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
Absolutely!! Can't wait for you to check out the new place. And we see the JofM info in our lobby. Was that you? :-)
you better
Taking my How To Teach Online class is going well--better than last time, where I was snowed under with grading and scampered out of it.
I felt the same way about launching a tumblr page but I see that it's exposing my "brand" to an entirely different audience.
I believe that is day 6 in the new p90x
thank you!! Life saver dude
He told me let a real man take you out says he gotta couple whips and some money he's tryna spend on me.
Ladies Love Me, I'm on my Cool J. <3
At least I know it will put a smile on my face haha :)!
Thanks for the follow. I grew up in Cincy!
Forget the risk, take the fall If its ment to be, it's worth it all
congrats on graduating.. take the L by storm next yr!
Goodbye Lillian Bassman. Thank you for all of the contributions you were to the worlds of photography and fashion. RIP Lillian Bassman.
Glad you liked the article! Surprised by how many people aren't aware this is a serious disorder… not just a picky eater.
Everyone who guesses right would receive something from the shop of their choice - for free. Too cheesy, you think?
No need to rush it we got forever!
“: Ice your own kicker, great call jason garrett” dumbest thing I've seen in a while.
#bobbybrown is a fucked up mess. He shouldn't have been there at all if he can't respect his child and ex wife
you first tho ;)
Even if we're not going to Coachella, I vote we still dress like it. For the whole Coachella weekend. Party on the front lawn?
Yes this weather sucks.. But Summer is so close.. Hang in there Milwaukee!!
hey we haven't talk in a long time I think
I need to stop trying so hard, you'll never love me the way I love you
It would be nice if those "most" told those who aren't to "wise up." Some still have antiquated "inflexible" policies.
bro so hyped now lmfao i miss ya beautiful face
"For the past 3 years, email newsletters and alerts have been the number 1 source of information for hill staff, esp. morning"
Waiting for mine to arrive!!
Was this over before, before it ever began? #yourlipsyourliesyourlust , Like the devils in your hands.
Vision Therapy provides patients with a non-surgical alternative, enabling them to overcome crossed-eyes, double vision, so-called “lazy...
Just back from dinner at the best Mexican restaurant in Corvallis - so nice it's walking distance!
Thanks for helping share the music!
girl, u know i love you, mar mar! :)
Wrestlemania!! The biggest day of the year!
Just 'LOVING ON GOD' will change your entire perspective of the day and of your circumstances.
OMG did you and Katie love each other? Can totally see you two hanging out. She'is the fucking best.
Come to LAX
I think Sendak was a moonlight wrangler. He made the dark corners of childhood into something exciting-- a lifelong lesson.
Cairo ground rule double drives in a run. #Brewers down 6-1 in the 9th.
Patriot Pay SaaS Payroll Software is now available for Louisiana Employers
Watching talk down the seconds til polls close is like DJ's trying to talk all the way up to when lyrics begin in a song
what is this TRASH you just sent to me o.O
It's clear this OKC Thunder stuff is serious when clubs will cancel bands to show the game!!!
#Cosign!!! RT : Fuck Stress HAVE SEX .
Awesome. Thanks!
Ohio State's suffocating defense helps turn a meager 62 points into a victory
Them #AlabamaShakes is a rockin' bunch!
i so want to be there! won't be able to make it though. :( cc:
Hard to concentrate.
rain drumming my ceiling, comfortable bed, just need a #cuddlebuddy and I'll have a perfect night. takers?
HEAVY D I MUST SEE THIS PERFORMANCES !!!!!!!!!!!!
how do u get to be it?
Can't get away? Check out Travel Bk Clb @ Paseo Verde Lib tomorrow @ 6:16 p.m. & let books take you away! :) [Innocents Abroad by Twain]
so $75 all togetha n is the overall quality gon be bad because of the picture size cuz ill jus say fuk it n jus do my cover
omg we stayed watching that at your house! ha
im buying tickets!!! :D
I think we're still in the library but I'm not positive.
It is superfun when HR gives you a different answer this time than they did last time.
Mixtape finishing tonight! #finally!
THE WALLS WILL OOSE GREEN SLIME
That's an interesting analogy. :) Teams the size of HP & Dell r bound to change, right? Both r good teams, different playbooks
Hilarious new video - the Most Annoying High Holiday Fruit - Promo for our fall class
Enjoy your 1st marathon Monday!! Peace out MD! I'll see you in 4 weeks. Until then, it's time to head back to the Bean!
science can never prove it as that realm is not physical. Science can only describe physical phenomena
Finally trying out - NYU area eatery bucket list!
At #tobykeithsbarandgrill with !!!
You guys should ask how long I've been trying to get him to the meetings.
*face palm*
Night shift really does blow... ive missed so much.. four years.
Yeah. Be careful.
I sense some darkness with shades of light piercing through.
and need to tune up our YouTube page using this PS template to amp up the design of the overall channel
I wanna slap those bastards for booing Teix.
Say something in Mexican! “: good morning!”
Idea: high school kids would develop tour of Historic Filipinotown using Nokia tablets
Get up in a Flash. (only other Justice Leaguer I could use in a similar fashion)
Beeeeeeaaauuutiful day in dc!
party was a hit at #sxsw!
let the bass cannon kick it. BEEAAAAAWOOOOOOOOWWWWWWW
Any recommendations of places or areas to stay in Singapore?
Retweet if you love the
Come meet the cow from 12:30pm-1:30pm! Purchase a shake and fry and receive a free chicken sandwich!
Be Safe Nashville!
I like how Olmstead name-checks his books (both Coal Black Horse & Far Bright Star) in Coldest Night, a la Barton Arms in Miller's Crossing
omg there are other people who have hash tagged big boob problems too! Hehe
Mesa Del Sol is going to be awesome!
Those who are humble enough to know they must learn a new skill will succeed in this new age.
Did you go to Antarctica for summer? Or?...
R.I.P. Mr Dick Clark. Thanks for all the memories.
Having trouble getting Zen Coding bundle to work as well. The standard command to convert is not running.
In need of some good loven
parenting tips raising
u still need a lift to wittenberg
depends if you're British.
Yeah, hook things are useful. Clocks are fun. Lamps are awesome but I don't need more lighting.
15 minutes until the polls close!! vote now for our HC nominees for #homecoming queens!!!
Pathetic. Gotta regroup get ready for Saturday
My life sucks right about now...
The road to hell is paved with Tweets.
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? Can you help???
thank we think so
You should be live wearing a towel.
Braces off. >.< iFeel Weird Without Them. :3
He's too big an investment to just run out there...his Dominican League play recently showed he could use time in the minors
What program is/was Looper edited with?
Be sure to check out the new exhibit in the Lewis Gallery: Maine Maritime Museum's "Port of Portland: A Ship-Shaped History"
thanks for the mention!
We're working on a few new projects! Dakota is recording some solo tracks...follow him! . Dev is showing at NY Fashion Week!
Our holiday table is usually too full of food to decorate :) the kids get to make place cards and we have a festive tablecloth
Jamaican style! Glad you could enjoy the fruits of your labor!
"I'm not bored, I'm a pirate" - The Office. (I love Thursday evening TV)
Aye u c this chick...yea she look good..mayb but she a Butter head..a wah? everything look good But her head #lmfao funni shid
Thank you! And I'm proud of you too! :-)
Unfortunately, I did have a strong play #KyDerby #horseracing BTW switched to from
My pleasure babycakes
It's funny cuz it's true! RT The Internet: Enabling hypochondriacs since 1995.
#NeverShouldYouEver think its ok to try to fwm after you cheated on me.
Got it! :D I couldn't tell that was vomit!
am i late for the beta?
send you a link of a jump I was on, A guy had a cigarette roll but came out ok. The chute open up just before he hit
RT : doing any spring cleaning this weekend, here's a few great tips | tips for a #sustainable home »...
RT : Lunch a Day Giveaway! Follow & Retweet for chance to win one of our $7 Speedy Lunch Specials. "1 winner/day"
What do you think about listener Ed's email? Do you think federal income tax is a good idea?
Ha ha! It probably does. ;-) Tell me what you think after you're done!
Add on surgery that kept getting pushed back for various reasons. Got the game on in the OR though, ha.
Lightening bugs!
Good luck this weekend!
Shoot! Well, I'm only 90% sure. Need a place to stay, etc.
Fuckers at my work got me sick.
I know... Characters & storylines that people actually enjoy get booted
Lol, yeah, I can believe it. People are caught up in the whole celebrity aspect of it all. Stick with the Canadians! :)
i love my brighton! simpy the best!
i rally cant wait to see LET IT SHINE
You are welcome, New Yorker!
So what is better a Commonwealth or State Governor?
Happy Easter ! Headed up the club.
Ass up, nose down.
CIOs looking to address "The 3 C's of backup concerns - cost, capability, complexity": Dave Russell at #SolveForward 2012
Laying out on the docks.
Both #GoodLuckEleanor and Good Luck El are trending. I was thinking she had medical procedure or surgery but a test? A test?
Family Dollar you will be my bestfriend as I come in Desperate need of some hardcore cleaning supplies !!
like a G6
#Cherryh, Betrayer (Foreigner #12). fast-paced anthro/socio/psychological SF series of navigating thru an alien culture, brilliant as ever.
aha .. happens alot ..
Can't wait for the Megan Good " It's all good " marathon this Saturday on BET !!!! Oh it's all good!!
Yeah there's definitely something wrong.
I love #twitter so much #GoTwitterGo!!!
RT : Interactions are the brand of your museum !
"You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose." - Dr. Seuss
Ah! Gotta love a briefing.
Christopher Plummer, easy for Best Supporting Actor
Faith. Either you have it or you don't. Doesn't really matter if it's in family, friends, or religion. We all need to believe in something.
Good Morning Nancy! Good luck with any news coverage you're doing this morning!
;o I wish!How do you make that the smiley face is in 3D?(;
Come to think of it, Steven Stamkos looks like a younger, blonde Geddy Lee!! Maybe he will be traded to Columbus & help get #Rush into HOF.
Haha. He has about 6 or 7 signs. They include "unemployed porn star, need work" and "voted 4 Obama, lost it all." Tears of a clown.
It's still on.
RT : , but no #MirrorOfLove - yet.....maybe they cant afford 79p to download it
UK fan pulling for Purdue tonight. Beat IU. They deserve it
No thank you
Pretty sure this was the greatest weekend I've had since my trip to Nashville with some co-workers. That's a hard night to top.
totally agree!
Words I've heard 3 times this afternoon: "Let's have one more... and order some food." Still haven't ordered more food. Lots of beer though.
When I PPV a movie, I always select for it on all cable boxes. I'll never watch it on those but it feels like I'm getting better deal.
Fuck physical science. I'm tweeting.
lmao hell yea
Automation, integration, software streamlining. We. Are. The. Best.
If you're blaming Lebron for why the heat lost u have no clue about basketball n should never be allowed to speak again
Fight ova a nigga.. Not I.. Rather Dump Him and Say Fuck You !
Haha good call. Wonder where he did go to college? Probly NC State!
when 's gets going the smartest among us will be tuning in.
congrats to u and ur family!!!
Back from Indianapolis--tonight, Apostrophe reading of student creative work at Brookside. Come join us at 7:00 pm!
then#igrill is the bomb
thank you
She has lung cancer.. But there's other stuff that's wrong with her but the dr s don't know what's wrong with her soo
when will they be on it?
Awesome - Baylor ranked No. 3, Missouri No. 5. Looking forward to the game in Waco on Saturday!
Would you rather get a free movie or free popcorn?
Word RT : I like the idea of a garden too, but one that grows food you can eat PCV love food!
grandma likes to party, eh?
Tomorrow is DECADES day! Seniors, we're 80's/90's so dress accordingly, and remember -- keep it Catholic!
are you alright? you seem upset
Ah, okay. Hands glued to face; all is restored. Nevermind. Now, time to vote on #Artwiculate! Yay!
"The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender"
I love Pump underwear .. Need to get them on the show!
All is well with me. How are you doing?
RT If the state proposes that it be allowed to shoot you in the leg&you talk them down to "stab"this is not really a victory
To innovate you need a vibrant competitive & predictable market which the US lacks. Cart before the horse syndrome.
S/O to MEMPHIS, CHICAGO, BIRMINGHAM, and ATLANTA...what a MF trip!!!!!!!!!!!!
Son's on a basketball team made up of misfits. Oy, it's going to be a long, losing season.
The Modeler forces Batman into an identity crisis by registering different URIs and FOAF profiles for Batman and Bruce Wayne.
No #DRose, no Joakim.. doesn't look good y'all
thanks for the RT!!
you can&#39;t look forward to the past-take care
I'm glad you liked it! :)
It's funny when two people sit and talk shit about you. While you're right here. #bitches do you have anything better to do.
I will never tweet about sports.
Haha. Why of course! All the best.
Just made some pumpkin bread with ! Yay for lazy Saturday mornings!
Hanging my ten foot tall "Monolith" today at AOT Gallery in #PortTownsend. Glad they have high ceilings!
RT": Question isn't will Obama cut a deal w/Reds after election, but why is he afraid to tell public his plans before the election?"
I'm still stranded at home...for a while I guess. It's not doing much for my morale. eh..
It must be the Honey Nut Cheerios.
Are you still going to have live music upstairs when you reopen? Jazz?
I am too pumped for this weekend.
oh no!!! Maybe it's not meant to be. Wet pants are not good.
[swishing tail] Back at ya!
If you don't weep afterward, it's hardly sex at all.
Fml..woke up with a nose bleed and tasting blood :/
time to hit the push and pull ups
They Medusa Mythology Exam is a challenging 50 question multiple choice test that covers a great deal of people, places, and events.
Thanks to for his outreach to our organization. Our members are looking forward to voting for him tomorrow for DCYD President.
and yet you still ignore it 😒
Been awake since yesterday at 745am, was up perfecting my craft just finish writing bout to take a nap n get back up in 2hrs I DO THIS
Erica Cipolloni with RBI single to left scores Skinkis. S. Harris is tying run at the plate as Tech lead is cut to 6-3
Just got the kit as a gift and I'm SO excited! So worth it!
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust423
To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach
Glad to see #MattFlynn is coming to the great NW!
hey fam you got time to meet up with me, chop it up on this music
Stay Married RT Rapper, actor, dad, producer, now suspended for the saint's bounty involvement...what can't Will Smith do?
I think is an awesome DA. Nothing but respect for her performance in office. She's my 2nd choice for mayor.
Didn't have a chance to tweet throughout the day--& I don't mean to leave anyone out--but I just loved PKline's line-up; thank you!
Thanks for the memories Donna Summer.
great article! People are always resistant to study abroad because they think their major is not going to be offered.
Flavorcrests are delightful! Just ate one and am about to make a sorbet. Will teach peach kanten at my class tomorrow with these
Petrino, Best Buy CEO...sadly, few storylines are more predictable than powerful-man-in-questionable-relationship-with-female-subordinate
check out Housing Works, they have great stuff for cheap
I would guess that "Check Your Head" is among the first 20-30 CDs I ever bought. IIRC, it may have been a Columbia House addition.
In other news, my condo is for sale in the Northern Cincy area. Contact me for details!
. student describes her 1 hr commute to/from school everyday to access better quality of education
Haha I know, pretty wild. Thought it was an interesting read. ps thanks for helping my klout score with the RT!
you may not want to here this but I actually hoped him & Riri got back together-_- cos they make the cutest couple EVER SEEN aw
This nigga tried to go in thru my shit.
ill show you what wasnt!
Dealing with court and probation officers from my break-ins last year. Apparently they didn't get the paperwork. venting. Grrrrr
writing about battling public opinion polls -- does public care about global warming? Or not? Depends on which poll you check. Why?
when I worked in an LA studio, the rumor was Linkin had armed guards guarding their servers so the music wouldn't leak online.
Bad boys are no good. Good boys are no fun.
Want to get involved?! Her Campus exec is taking applications now!
Damn bassists.
if you do ill come
hate you.
im so fucken hyped for this game tonight aahhhhhhhhhhhh
Sex aint bettr than love but love dnt do nuthn but cause pain
aww I'm sorry :( why is it ending? Didnt u buy a ticket to the show?
off to stoke the
it's rough. when's your last day? mine's the 16th
is back from the beach and switching into job-search mode.
Well done thanks to clients like you, ! You're a hell of an art director. Love what you've been doing for First Ave.
Thanks so much for pointing me in the direction of Noise Trade! I shall grab it and review it! Thanks again :)
stoked is my favorite word
At rehearsal. We open in 9 days. Olympic Village Black Box Stage.
so what do yall think is worse: staying up or going to sleep but waking up everything 30 minutes?
Save LATER-Ricochet Coupons - 1 hour massage $49 - Vancouver Spine www.ricochetcoupons.com/vancouver-spine-and-orthopedic-rehab-center.html
You know where you are? You're in the jungle, baby. You gonna DIIIIIIIEEEEEEE!!!! ...Only Kidding! Welcome to Preseli Burgers, Table for 2?
I'm sure they think 'Hon' is better/friendlier than 'Ma'am'
rationalization is a winner's tool. as is procrastination. it's like tiger blood.
Congrats to former TW players Emily O'Rourke & Mackenzie Reese on helping their USC-Aiken team to a conference tourn title & berth in NCAAs!
flexible n our exact loc. Waiting to narrow down where I'll b working 2 help narrow manhattan apt search.lots of moving parts
Ugh, no! Btw, we're planning on a summer trip to , the Southern Tier brewery. It'd be great to see you. :)
sexy walk
. Prob bioshock, but that will be awhile. Prob gonna get alan wake download after me3
what are they doing?
I just really miss my cat.
My friend just texted me a pic of the Louis Vuitton she just bought in NYC. I literally turned green.
#LastTimeIChecked Your my teacher not my mom . so what makes you think im giving you my phone?
Happy Birthday ! Hope you relaxed, didn't worry and had lots of homebrew.
Its illegal to post stuff that makes someone look bad on the internet like a photo that has been changed
At bier and plunged.. What a cozy place.. :P.
I don't really talk to people I dislike & people wonder why I'm so quiet but how I am on Twitter is how I am if I do like u #understandthat?
My stomach hurts :|||||
I can't send a message to ya because you aint following me :-0 my ID is Nirro add me. what rank are you?
Poor squirrel never made it across the street alive #
And losing in a SO in the semis sucks. MT : Winning in ot and going to the championship is the best feeling
Thanks for the mention & RT
yes I am
Neither of them stopped to think about me. </3
are you here!?
Thanks for all that cam out to Thee Dollhouse last night. Fb is suspended so you know it was a good one! Boat time!
RT #Sagittarius people are better teachers than students.
re: social media, I think blogs and FB are less intimidating to people than Twitter but I try 2 use them all!
hi love u too
er, RT : very fun working with on mobile design - it'll be fun to get folks playing it soon
My nails are cute, I love lilac colors.
Watching Bellator Fighting Championship. Chandler vs Alvarez!!! What a great fight, they're both throwing bombs!!!
what are 'things im not betting the double-wide on' alex?
fake ass people these days !
#IN we're very excited to have you on board!
Can't wait!
The A to Z Mystery books by Ron Roy! They were my favorite as a kid.
Heading to the Hamilton 16 IMAX in #Noblesville for #Avengers at midnight. Are you going tonight as well? Send us your pictures!
RT yess!!!! “: Group txt has changed me n my niggas lives!”
Exercise Boosts Brainpower "Exercise increases energy levels and increases serotonin in the brain, which leads to improved mental clarity"
I've been waiting for a tweet from you for the last 30min
I dislike Obama. No me gusta. Not at all.
It starts out with Drew Franklin pulled up to a Taco Bell with Bel Biv Devoe Blasting from the car speakers.
We are planning our Special Events for next year...any event you would like to see at Zuma Fun Center?
RT : "There a guy, [Brandon] Hardin," said Bears special teams coordinator Dave Toub. "He jumped out at you on special teams."
Absolutely - we'll have dedicated program pages coming to our site this summer. Until then, it's all on the student pages.
One last presentation left to do. Bored.
Our website is undergoing some construction so please call us with any questions (310) 205-9008
my house would be a whole lots fresher if I host the #GladeParty. Would be glad to have some glade in my life!
think positive & keep your head up at all times! You can compete w/ the good players cuz you are 1 OF THE GREAT PLAYERS! #ijs :)
create another one of your tidal waves of monetary support for something MCA supported
what about Nick?
Michael tried to convince me Neil Diamond's "turn on your heart light" was on the soundtrack to E.T. Wiki says "inspired by"
Excited for Louisville tgis weekend
Community managers should be social in nature.
Cool! Especially since I wouldn't know a dangling participle if it were dangling in front of my face.
Auction time!
Packer time...here come the Packers...too legit to quit...
I assume you saw the post about all the folks who thought Green Arrow was in the Avengers?
Hiding the feelings I have and can't express #noitsnotabouthim<<<<
My favorite pink cardi was ruined in the washer :(((((((
Let's see I would give more money to those who help keep me organized and going! :)
Why do i stummer when am talkn to girls.its so hard:'(.
you think?((;
105 cappers with action posted in today's games and 3 NBA, 3 CBB, and 4 NHL consensus from their picks
This is so 90's RT : <small><strong>late night at the office, i am one with my html tags</small></strong>
hey u got ur wish
nothing much jus chillin on mg my day off :) how about you?
Agreed. Didn't miss anything this year at all.
Thanks Lionel! That's one of our fave covers ever. Beautiful house, beautiful people! Where'd you pick it up?
A bag for your head would help.
can you please explain the hacks to me so I can watch out for them?
Just heard fabulous remarks from pres teaching award recipient Terry Bouton Makes me want to take 1 of his undergrad history classes.
A liar is forever a liar.
"Can we just take a moment and realize how quiet our table is right now." "It's cause Alex isn't here."
Just watched #contraband for the second time I
Oh yeah! Fleshgod Apocalypse on May 5th!
This series is fun.
What! I bye follower fools followers :P
I'm providing roving reference at our Student Center for campus study day. You see some different faces from the library regulars this way.
And the #Reds are now 1.5 games behind Taint Louis. Hopefully we'll see "Cincinnati" on top of the standings by the end of the weak.
Apparently: IHOP = Socialism.
Real spending on travel and tourism increased at an annual rate of 4.6 percent in the fourth quarter of 2011 - Good news
Everyone in my academy( biology, English and history.) is fucking annoying me and Allison today.
yeah, are you?
Don't you know that I'm toxic ;)
Ok, you've got it. I'm number 983!
YAY!!!! CONGRATULATIONS!!!! :D
just got a new app on my phone so i connect on all my social networks
I want phill Jackson to do a documentary on coaching Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant
currently watching
New to twitter. Where the heck have I've been? LBVS
I'm never reading any of The Hunger Games trilogy before bed ever again. Ever. Because that was a WEIRD dream.
I just ordered my Ukelele. :) When i get it i will play you a song :3
#IGN Boards (new boards) back up now. Thanks to & moar
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Building your visibility is not an overnight fix. Consistent effort over time, w/some smart moves & lucky breaks too!
Thanks!! Yes I will definitely be out there soon, hope you have a great one too!
What exactly are they ruling on??...if the substance was in his body, even unknowningly, he's going to suspended yes??
LoL RT : Shouts to Nick Young. Finally got a chance to show his talents on a big stage. He also is off those bum ass Wizards.
First time on a train and wow... SO MUCH ROOM! And the seats recline! Bigtime!
oh idk..0.o...oasis the cuz ur friend aiden posted a pic of a dude playing a pokemon game lol.I thought it was u :3
no prob on the rt chk out my beats on myspace.com/djlilsyn
thanks, Delegate!
sounds great I am always looking for more local people to play with
Today I was yay my last day that I have to take my mom to work, then I realized noo tomorrow I have a early doctors appointment 😒
FAH DIS HOE TO HAVE HA ASS N DA AIR, POPPN HA LIPS TO PARTY ROCKERS ANTHEM
Volunteering at Dell Children's tonight. It should be fun!
RT What's the Soup du Jour? It's the soup of the day! It's Chicken Tortilla. We just added15th beer to our list!
Leadership Florence 2012 was great today. Learned lots about education opportunities in our area from very dedicated professionals.
LOVE DONT LIVE HERE IN THIS HOUSE
“: Dudes in the bathroom blazing. "What's that smell? Oh I'm just boiling some agua!" #ThroneFlight #BestFlightBacktoLAEver”
Had a good night!!Getting a few hours of shut eye!!
I am excited to party with the team after the event
We are National Champs!
great #StopKony post on your blog! It's easy to get lost in the hype and ignore the realities of the situation.
I'm using metanote but then have to login and individually set to markdown via info. Thanks
So u my counselor 2nite lol
follow me for more Ebony Teen great anal
I heard you also have many leather-bound books and your apartment smells of rich mahogany
what do you need help with?
Just uh freelancing for uh MillerCoors...
it does suck. oh well, next time ill get caffe vanilla
hey I'm right next to you! follow back? (:
lol yes I am. You don't hit me up, you don't come see me, you stay trying to play me, I'm throwing in the towel. Lol
#WorstRapLineEver Any lyric uttered by the disease that is
Omg so happy!! Havent been able to get on twitter for like 4 months! Now i can:)
RT if you could see me as a musician. Favorite if you could see me as a actor.
Hey, you were on my nametag as someone to meet. Too bad I wasn't able to catch you in a hallway today at #tedxaustin as well.
RT : you don't have to be afraid to put your dream in action.
all you do is lie
k lol text me the time wen you kno
YES! Come play, you guys! RT : Can #alliclass and the dramaturgs combine forces?
I love so much. , u have NO idea how lucky u are. Never break his heart, PLEASE
‘Tis the Season for Shoplifting, Nashville Crew Shoots for Macy’s
I hope you know you're a beautiful person inside and out <3
I'm lonely..
Graduation Guarantees you nothing its who you know when your done that Gets you a Job..
I know I'm trying to be strong, this is gonna SUCK! Omfg well atleast in 6 months we can see him whenever<3
“: You have me mixed up with one of your boys.. I have one girl & that's !!--> hmm interesting..
hhhmmm...not bumping into u today then
trying to figure out how to get everything I need to last till monday with $40
is pool hopping at Wet Republic, Tao Beach, Bare, and the Venus Pool in Vegas. Happy 4th of July! My auditions in Vegas resume on Monday.
TONIGHT at 6PM Mercury in Summer is playing at KYLLOPALOOZA in vienna VA. Come see our last show before our new music video comes out!
Sports do not build character. They reveal it. ~ John Wooden
Hawthorne BV is now promoting Halibut Fish and Chips...come get some before they all swim away.
Just ate at an A&W Root Beer joint and didn't order root beer because I'm not someone society can control... Also it had alot of calories.
Agree with you re: San Diego 100 percent. Great vibe down there.
Yes! And here we are with another weird late-January.
#replaceatlsongswithkirken dear Kirken count me in?
What in the world is inherently wrong w/ encouraging the cultivation of nurses who look like the communities they serve?
Dear America's got talent, Two of your judges are British...
Now looking for more topics. :-)
that is nuts
#GovBrewer, obama thinks ur comments were bad- he better not hang around us commoners! He would b SHOCKED @ our opinions @ him!! he's awful!
Santee council approves moving the speed limit up on Fanita Parkway from 35 to 40 mph. Go Speed Racer Go!
Johnny Mannix has these TINY ASS NIPPLES
Insecurities are such bitches!
Obama's budget was rejected by the Senate 99 - 0. Not good news at all for a failing President who is up for re-election this November.
"My heels are taller than him."
um who are you?
Ok my bets are Union Rags, Bodemeister, take charge Indy, Daddy Nose best, Hanson, gemologist, and done talking is my big long shot
Omg I am so sorry for hitting you this morning... I hope you and your daughter are ok!
I'm starting to think your boys are more important then me smh...
you get some sexy size 16 panties for me to bite off?
Thanks, lady.
Born And Raised has been leaked. I will now sit and listen to it on a constant loop all night.
Here's my 6th gr well visit plan. Walk in, say "Well! Here we are!!" and walk the heck OUT of the peds office. No Gardasil here!
She has guys waiting for her at her doorstep, but the only one ahe wants is you.
thank you for giving back to the youth of Detroit!
aha keagan is mad cause I made him go check on the pizza
Police moving to higher ground
Thank you. I think.
Going out... But where to?? Watching cable while getting ready!! Wool fallout new bagasse on the 19th!!!
R u not coming back to school :\
I'm a broad too.... wait : hum I wish !but I wasn't not able to make it at their wedding I was abroad ..:(
Welcome new followers
Checking the calender for the upcoming shows and events Tattoo Jay will be attending.
Full Metal Jousting tonight! Will you be watching?
Apple is very good at helping you out when you need a clean up.
Come on JMV, what about Mork & Mindy - Mork arrived in an egg way before Lady Gaga - ha!
seriously!? Can't #LetsBeAnimals come out sooner?
It's queens , Brooklyn and yeah they WHLYING
Twisting at The Great Wall Restaurant IN Bedford, Ma. from 5:30-7:30 Pm. Twisting from table to table!
i know the longest word in the dictionary...be scared
#OutOfContextTweet RT : Face full of pussy
music news Shut Up, Dude: This Week’s Best And Worst Comments
RT : Griffey wants to see minds changed about the maker movement in libraries as a result of this session today.
What type of accent is it?
I so wish my mom was here w/ me!!! But she's in Vegas w/ her boo....
I know right lmao you cute tho 😊
Mr. Welsch he passed away on Mar.16 in an auto accident on Rte 20 in the Hancock area!
Drugs Used for Psychotics Go to Youths in Foster Care - New York Times
This convo I'm stuck hearing<<<<
Yes, your brand does need to be in Twitter, Facebook, etc.
The ladies at Jim's were worried about you today, they thought you had a rough practice! Great game tonight!!!
you have dashed my dreams for the last time, Forsander.
Do you think music theory restricts or helps your writing?
Just got on the bus to go home. I have to pee so bad.
I is so cold. Wheres da snow?
Harry Reid must go...
Retirement is a long-term need so it is best financed by long-term investments like real estate, stocks, mutual funds, UITF and busin...
Let's go Twin Lakes Tornado's and Jaguars!
YOU DID!
