hit a few extra reps for me!
tell me you've seen the documentary to Reasonable Doubt???
neither of us are country fans, but we are tailgate fans.
I would most likely kill someone with a blunt object if I had to listen to Kidz Bop in Spanish!
HAVE to make these FT's and the game will be ours!!! Please!
is on Tuesday! Watching some tv and chillin with Bambi!
Thank you to my new models (Lilah and Jenna)!!! Sloofies may be sold in a boutique! Fingers crossed!
Tivo'd the Lil Wayne Unplugged 4 tonight..hadn't heard anybody talk about it 2day...#nogood or what?!
yes we will
Off to the gym! After a long hard day cleaning windows the gym almost seems relaxing.
No I didn't. Lemme check, one sec.
Congrats Zoe! It was an amazing show. RT Gallery attendance for "10 Years" at the : 82,501. Whoa.
this class. omfg.
My thoughts and Prayers are with Johnny Know Bears reciever 13
I hate school.
As good as it is to see #Pacers basketball back, it is even better to see people back to work at Conseco Fieldhouse
"All pussy aint good pussy"
Great Photoshoot in Kemah at the yacht club with #Heinz Weidmann, #Jen Marine and #Teresa Merchant... Beautiful sunset!!
Boomer Jr starts his obedience training today at 2pm with Melissa of CPT
Lucky asshole RT : LAST FULL DAY OF SCHOOL YAY
isn't that a little like saying "We'll win if we score more goals than the other team." :)
Come make your own cookie and Valentines Day card at the Tutt Branch on February 13th at 4:30pm. Ages 4-12. Sign up online or call 282-4637.
Haha, I think I'll pass.
You are the one, the one that lies close to me Whispers hello I miss you quite terribly
What makes coaching at the end of the year challenging?
30 minutes left of work. Then its beer plus basketball
still confused on why u even left Florida??????
That warms my heart! Glad you got in touch, we couldnt do it w/out amazing mentors like you. Are you following ?
FB starts to sell 'shares of stock' tomorrow so its probably still in 'SHOCK' ~~~~rich
Sprained my ankle while jogging today. Thanks to the urgent care physicians at Saint Mary's in Galena, I'm feeling better already.
Make Money with Adsense The cost per click on Google Adsense ads has gone up
I'm so glad you said that!! Thought you'd disapprove of my aversion to running....:)
CHICKFILAAAAA. btw, tyler had cake pops the other day and i was like, HE'S THINKING ABOUT MY SISTER. XD
you bet I will! :D
I would drive! I love Publix!
lol. Good to meet you too. You'll have to forgive me, I'm still trying to figure twitter out.
Sometimes the best thing you can do is not think, not wonder. Just breathe, and have faith that everything will work out for the best.
back on it!😉
I wanna motorcycle!
Last night, I had a dream we found out who stole our Browns table and took it back.
haha yes it sure was..me and cait were both teary eyed!
Last year their malware detection kept killing our ports so this year letting them handle DHCP so each connection is discrete.
I keep getting distracted from reading the debate by how much I love the building pictured
Now we're in the part of the live tweeting I can't sleep because I need to make sure he's breathing...
stop by and talk with !
Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. -Matthew 5:3
Don't see any connection between Steve Nashs selection Sunday experience & dove but it's better than the Frampton commercial so Ill take it.
Thanks for the Fav. We think you rock socks too. ;-)
Take care of the little problems before they become big problems. A tiny leak can sink a cruise ship!
you don't know how much I look up to you. You're seriously so strong. <3
Birds are singing the cutest little songs outside my window. So weird, because it's dark outside. I thought birds would be asleep by now.
Next up is Marian April Glebes, aka , on self, objects, institutions, and individuals.
Brandon Knight is a G.
I wish my little sister all the luck in the world on her interview today.
welcome to the neighborhood :)
Alice Cooper shouldn't have introduced Black Veil Brides. Cooper should've intro'd Marylin Manson and then have him intro BVB
OK, who's having the best Superbowl party I can crash?
I've discovered all over again with their Android Beta.
I switched cars with the mexicans. I just hope this aint the car they arrest me in :pray4:
Aw! Kinda like Owen and Mzee. Do you know that story? Friendship of turtle and hippo. :) See google!
Good Morning everyone. Suppose to play golf this morning but way too fucking cold
just like the rest!Stop talking to family for the make believe
Can't believe Chopper and Assassination of Jesse James were made by the same guy.
Tis yourself with the Saturday shout out. Go raibh maith agat (thank you in irish ) Chris Have a good one pal
That should be fun!
That's awesome....I love it there.
It was great seeing you as well. Look forward to helping you with your brand-building initiative!
yes! Sante, Mizuna for delicious food. Sapphire lounge for classic cocktails. Hope I'm not too late!
Lady date was just what I needed today.
omg thats freaking disgusting!!!
All the time! RT : Call us paranoid but does anyone else get the feeling your being followed on twitter?
I just completed a 2.28 mi run with a 19:15 pace using Check out my route in Oklahoma City! soc.li/MyYJtce
Sounds like a plan. Keep the storms up now, though. Makes Ghost Hunters more scary!
I think Beans loves your Gramma. :)
This is not music related at all, but I don't care. GO MANCHESTER UNITED!!!
Why isnt Brett Farve a option? RT As exec needing QB next year, do you want #Packers backup Matt Flynn or Russell Wilson?
you could never be invisible
Wow, is one hell of a role model. Now I just feel bad for you and #TeamBreezy. I guess he inspires senselessness.
i think i just did some good editing.
So I (Zaona) might go to the SC SCREAM tour on 1/1/12 . I'm gonna take notes cuz the artist on that tour Always kill the stage ! I mean ALL!
We went there for out departmental Christmas Party. It's good. :)
tweeting from a family vacation in Hawaii to say that any Mayor of a major city must have a solid k-12 agenda.
Was frustrated because I couldn't find the butter. Then realized I had just picked it up to look behind it in the fridge. Doh.
#read #do Psalm 145:1 I will extol You, my God, O King;And I will bless Your name forever and ever.
true but who said you can't have so many other men I your life cause I have #PrinceRoyce #Pitbull and woow many more hotties!
Just got home from John's P. Kee's concert... still dancin from it:)
don't forget the hot pockets
I don't hat you or your promotional tweets Loius.
YES :D love him!
i need to learn to love seafood. the problem is i don't even like it. #recipes? #seafoodadvice? anyone?!
for two!
I cannot DM you for some reason It is legit, no virus. I set it up today to help w tuition :)
especially a player like miller, which Davis went on record of saying they "wouldn't
Thanks Charles!
the final two minutes is a good time to commit.
Chris Brown lol
Of course Walter has a crazy plan. Should've seen that.
PLEASE FOLLOW BACK
reads like a checklist. rinse & repeat. #5 university involvement needs work; Q: what can set DC apart from NYC? gov?
: sitting, standing, walking, writhing, laughing, dancing, seeing, loving, feeling, living.
My Son Is Gonna Be 2 Years Old In October! Wow :D
And thanks to for showing #InTheMouthOfMadness last night, great movie! It was great meeting you and there.
looks like you need some expert exterminators, i.e., seals &/or orcas. Those penguins -- like roaches they are.
I am never late for my train, just super early for the next one.
I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is the lamp of experience. – Patrick Henry
There are no tweet results for "ghost punctuation." Must just be me. I'll stop obsessing now.
You working that skirt? ;) - annie
I'd die if nicki tweeted me ! She's like one of my favorite singers ! R u going to see her on her US tour ?
No doubt. Our team shared a special moment after the gm, we still aspireRT : keep your head up and keep fighting bud
Getting really hungry while adding all of these good looking recipes.
very true :)
i reaaaaallly need more views on my youtube.. lol. i have some SUPER gay videos.. but, watch them please? (: KelseyLuvsYou397
they are 25% off today with friends and family, you can use my code nsboston
It's not only because Im Bad Ass 😒
well your a bitch and he looks like a naked mole rat with a wig
Single, 3 walks, run rule win #GoodGame #KeepTruckin also S/o to for the shut out
💔 you weren't my teacher for most of the year, but I am glad to have met you. RIP Dr. Howe
actress Tilda Swinton has no patience for red carpet interviews, but is nice anyway.
I saw where they said there's this company about to come out with a gay version of the bible..that's some straight bullshit
#BCS talking seriously about a 4 team playoff in 2014.
OPEN ROOM AT THE NYC BOPPO! HEADQUARTERS; $600/MONTH. ARTIST LIVE/WORK SPACE IN BROOKLYN. CONTACT IF INTERESTED.
was great spending the past 2 days with you promoting the new sport blast (client) - have fun on the ESPN red carpet!
Happy Mother's Day all!!! Perhaps there is a sangria in your future?
It's raining mad hard I do not feel like going to work -.-
So excited to visit the parks with my Disney park hopper pass. Ah to be a kid again.
Big Time Rush in her 1º Aniversary! :D
come blog about the Broncos on The Mile High Club aka Denver Broncos Fan Group on FanNation at S.I.
just finished watching inside out, crazy twist in the end!!
nah its okay! And LOOOOOOOOOL dead. Omfg. I was crying.
The thing that sucks is I still care for you and love you more than I should </3
I love icy hot.
Something I regret is my loss of interest in reading. As a young kid I loved it. When I go to college I'm gonna pick up that habit again.
You can fool all the people all the time if the advertising is right and the budget is big enough. – Joseph E. Levine
Waiting for my gram to get hme so ican go to sleep I still hve to wait like a hour
Just watch Takers I should have played Idris Elba Role. I will in due time.
hopefully soon, girl!!
I am officially Over Obama. WTF?! He's got a boner for dog-killer Michael Vick?!
PM fun started w/escaped basset hound retrieval, has progressed to blueberry cobbler & will next move to a pre-Avengers showing of Iron Man.
no game at all, she showed Lisa her hand. Even clay laughed
S/O to the boy The realest song I've EVER heard because I do have a daughter and went through the same thing.
... says T.S. Aletta ends a 41-day period storm-less period. longest without a tropical storm in at least 70 years.
Sprtndnt wants data proving efficacy of instructional coach on student achvmnt. Got some?
stop text me
Hey love ya both :)
If you don't dance to Enjoy the Silence, I don't want to know you.
Just watched Duke beat Texas. Great game! Could have gone either way at the end. I love March Madness.
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!
the magazine is in Swedish and I tried my best. I'll send you the link later on today
sure am!
so does that make it better than the regular show that isnt on demand? lol
RT : I love #MFL Now following
After venting to my mom about math class, she emailed guidance and said that they need to call her... Love Nora.
ICONic Boyz and Ian Eastwood on the same stage next week who needs ovaries !
feeling so weird without my phone in my frocket
I think in marketing dollars, so I believe a new name & logo would enhance opportunity. I do like their colors.
1 little fart in the shower will really ruin that so fresh and so clean feeling
Ohh take a picture if you do! Haha I love his gingerness!
French restrnt: Toddler v excited about a "clown." Me: there's no clowns here, honey. Toddler points to short chef in puffy white toque.
Next Iron Chef. Yes.
My hair does not cooperate with this weather.
Poverty makes no cents.
Don't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals- David Ogilvy
1 of Da Worst Feelins to have is betrayal
there is a 5 out of 100 percent chance that you'll notice me i admire everything you do, your so different(: #followme <33
Listening to Dan Zarella challenge the conventional wisdom of press releases; looking forward to the details
Congrats to you Champ!! I'm so glad I made the trip from Mia to NJ and Toronto to see you fight this year. Happy Holidays.
I did it. The commissioner loved me. He had some questions for me.
Catch the great Clay Parker and more live music FREE at Kerry Beary's Atomic Pop Shop this Saturday for Record Store Day.
because that was their last real accomplishment *runs away*
Don't forget to text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a #FREEPIZZA! Normal messaging rates apply.
so so excited for warmer weather :]
Don't do it, gurl. Air contains sufficient calories.
Doh! That was what I was afraid of. Need to watch it!
sounds good to me. I know somebody with an island.
#ThingsThatDontGoTogether : Drinking as much as I did last night and having access to a cell phone.
Back in business! LEGGO
#RVA we're already working toward next year, if interested in working with us or you have creative ideas, contact us
I'm sorry.
She got a healthy round of applause.
i have a thing where it predicts my next word and sometimes its like YEAH PUT FUCK IN THERE
Yes I am still here
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could only do a little. ~Edmund Burke
does that mean we won't have bad dreams? :-)
Beautiful job on the post-flood re-opened Opry Mills. One sad bit is Barnes & Noble's absence.
You look like you take 3 dicks in the ass, i'm gonna call you 3 dicks, hi 3dicks.
#csa12 Gopinath: Queer diaspora studies contests hetero-patriarchal normings of the nation-state, but assumes logics of settler-colonialism
. hey guys I'm waiting up by b34 #spottheshuttle ...hear any news on timing?
Seriously, I want a freaking puppy.
I thought a few games like that were possible early on... They will learn, grow, and get better.
I know!!!! I love it
But I also want to say, very loudly, gods bless Joe Biden. Keep talking out there. -
haha no need too !! i know i definitely won't cry..i could care less about the cowgirls... until they win a darn super bowl
Ima always love my first love. I aint gonna ever forget about him. Even tho he hurt me so bad i still love him.
I cannot wait 2 get my hands on 1 of those! :D
umm im confused?
There's a difference between me and the chicks out there that post updates about #Fishing and pose with fish in pictures. I ACTUALLY fish!
Was just thinking, wouldn't that be great if there was a NyQuil for the daytime? Probably shouldn't be at work.
How long did it take him to say that?
A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change. ~ James Levine (Thanks for the reminder Dallas Travers!)
Hey N. Carolina - ever heard of some guy named Maurice Sendak? The author of that book you read to your kids was gay. Shame on you.
are you still alive!
I'm use to disappointin girls cuz they think that they could have a relationship but I can't...I travel a lot....I'm aways B Z
Just pretend your stomach turning is like the pages of a book turning. And at the end of the book, you puke.
I have small sizes...
The legalize marijuana crowd might have more success achieving their goals if they implemented personal hygiene and grooming
haha how did I know you were gonna say something to me about Marty's house
congrats. Wish someone would have taught me this ten years ago.
"I would go anywhere if I thought it'd make you happy. But I'm starting to realize nothing ever will." Tom to Lynnette
one less pumpkin
Ooh new banner arrived today :)
Whenever you got the goods. Whatever that means. I heard Grandma say it to someone in an alley once.
Hell yeah Hell yeah
I will try to come thru and support
Yeah! I feel bad now, not about the Microsoft Points. Just the fact that EA's servers are down and I'm banned from GoW3..
Tomorrow's 's Birthday<33333!(:
I'm ready! Yay!
Just wished you would've gave me a chance.
so happy to see you! wish we could have lunch breaks more often :)
We are giving free ones in the lobby tomorrow RT RT Hand jobs...
Couple of entry level jobs available in Washington, DC area. Email me at if you're interested.
ay gracias! Lol. Follow back please. I'm a huge fan. Los latinos dr alludan!
School. Could friday come any slower?
Great to hear shutouts to tech workstream cochairs at
ass hole
You Are In One Of My Stories That I'm Writing :) It's My First One In 3 Years :)
I haven't woken up this refreshed since I was born 23.9 years ago.
morning runs >>>
Attention all agents and athletes, you need to contact for all your real estate and relocation needs.
Sleep is really the most amazing stuff.
you would be an awesome vendor with www.dynamicsbeautyexpo.com
beats #Italy for the time ever!
LOL RT No I am a concerned citizen! Some cant handle the strength of the aroma! We shld make a cologne!
This fat bitch sees everyone hella crowded on the bus and she is hogging space for her laptop -_-
You guys mean Jason Day right? Jason Bay is from Canada and plays for the Mets
Having pho at Ms. Saigon in Georgetown :)
Yes. I just gave the game to someone who had never played it and let them beat it first, hah.
yeah well now i have got to go now bye
ha, how much does one game story pay?
That would be fun!!
Axe should capitalize on that scent stat. There are certain occasions when I would rock it.
Sat. & Denver Sports Nation on 93.7,5-8p as we get you ready for Game 7 w/ &
Apparently. Good to know we live in such a "post-racial society" now that we've elected a black president.
Happy Mothers Day (: Mahomies love you<3 u r so amazing! Thank u for raising the way u did(: he's amazing too(:
i am so happy for you!
we play in Grosse pointe farms and had machine pitch until this year.I coached the teams and they'll get it.its early but they will
7 days left of high school!
There is a very fine line between being sweet and being totally creepy.
I went and got help to quit drinking to day because I recognized I had a problem can I get an rt
I am looking forward to going door to door next week!
My frizzy hair is distracting me.
On March 22 join other nonfiction writers at Riata Bar & Grill for networking and critiquing of ANY work of nonfiction. See PWA events page.
someday I will be strong enough to lift not one but both of us...
New Institute for Preservation of Cultural Heritage looks to be great example of interdisciplinary collaboration across sciences/hums/LAMs.
Our "lunch box specials" are sure to delight you. Different and tasty everyday...Korean BBQ. Yum!
I wonder if any HS kids saw the verbal tirade that Pitino unleashed on his PG, Siva.
Is it twisted or sadistic that one likes to touch the sides of the open slots while playing Operation? The Nose lights up! ..and vibrates!
Gotta see it to believe it
Look is now tweeting. Follow this guy.
The left called Bush a chimp. I thought that was racist and dispresectful. Don't you? LOL
: actually methinks it drupal they are speaking. similar to klingon but without the swords and crazy mating rituals.
Red Wing players tearing it up in the World Championships in Helsinki where was all this production in the playoffs
you have better things to attend to. Congrats man... Er, good job... Er, you know what I'm getting at. Ha
I was stretching all of Act 1 RT : I can totally dance like and just don't wanna show off
Engaging! I have created a whole list of ideas to engage members and followers. I look forward to attending your webinar next week!
A Christian-Luke 6:33 And if ye do good to them which do good to you, what thank have ye? for sinners also do even the same. Cont next tweet
I don't have ur number
good game dude! You did your thing tonight! Hope you enjoyed the student rush.
Thanks so much - great to see you, too ! Thanks again for organizing #bcsm. It's one of my favorite hours each week.
Your new nickname is "Jordi".
Great play reading tonight at The Lamber House in Seattle. Tom. AM, headed to Aurora Bridge for a vigil, then headed south out of Seattle.
Heading to L.A. thought of John Wooden: "Don't let what you can't do interfere with what you can."
Inside math joke. RT : Old mathematicians never die, they just tend to infinity.
Just don't tell me you love me,you gone make it hard for me .
I have such a bad love/hate relationship with dance & as of today/tomorrow I hate it & will be miserable there.
Dropped 47 points on the heat
touché my friend! Maybe that's should be implemented at work...scream every time you send an email.
re Diesel It's as if she's daring Bobby to take Bug away with the scale of her unfitness.
- are you going to try the Ironman distance in NYC?! Should be awesome!
That was beautiful! Going to miss Regis its an end of an eraRT Thank you for beautiful and moving tribute!
Awesome school day thank you God and i got blessed with bread on my way home!! =)
Dream big...never small
I love sleep so much
umm bout that
it's a ton of fun- you can have teams of 4. is running it with & too!
Thur Entree:Garlic Grilled Quail “Tonnato” w/a Fingerling Potato, Caper&Kalamata Olive Hash, Herb tossed Arugula, Hard Boiled Quail Eggs
Yu take my breath away .
HOLY CRAP girl! This picture of you is amazing!!! Simply gorgeous. ur sis is a knock-out...keep a close eye on her
Check out
My account was hacked .... sorry for the direct messages
Hot and sour soup from three days ago, microwaved and consumed at 2AM.
why is the mls holding its championship at a time slot when 75% of the youth in America won't be able to watch?
Im Gone G.F.B. 414 Damage Mode #Have A Happy #ThanksGiving No #Major #Problems #Family Time #HoeGoHAAM #ItsProblemsHoe No Perving NickiMinaj
kentucky has country music, I'm too broke for Northpark.. so it's a good thing I love you, cuz that last one is enough for me :)
The thought of Joe on is Firebolt has just made me laugh out loud. Do they make "tall" models?
Thompson Technologies is pleased to welcome Bouchard to our team this week!
Out of the blue, into the black
Ima miss my High School Days!
(( twitter hates me here...so ill be on RL and RP worlds on the same account! its MADNESS!!! not really, im just lazy. HAHA))
Do u need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net
that bitch is hating
TGIF, Why? I love every day. I day trade and I can't do it on the weekends. I look forward to Mondays when I can get back in the market. $$$
Anybody know why there is a lingering helicopter hovering in South Charlotte?
Thx & twitter friends for a great opening nite!
Its almost Valentines Day! Get that special someone a great gift at Bath and Body Bistro 110 MORNINGSIDE NE.
I'm at House in midtown For talk by of Union Sq Ventures. We're milling, damply.
I definitely did not plan my summer well... Wish I had an extra week or so before starting my travels! Need a break already...
Goals convert vision into energy. When you write your goals down, you immediately start feeling the earth move under your feet.
Beverly Johnson is STILL gorgeous!
The secret of managing is to keep the guys who hate you away from the guys who are undecided. Casey Stengel
Wow, the Iron Wolf is gone.
SELECTION SUNDAY COME FASTER.
Her food fucking slapped..!!! Prolly the best person I know at that cooking shit.
#PR friends! is HIRING! Looking for 3-6ys exp. w/media rel. & writing; experience w/ b2b, #tech, #healthcare, govt. DM me!
"You insult me: I can handle it. You insult my best friend: I'm going to break your face.” 💗
All of you attending #Coachella this weekend, who are you most excited to see?
don't do that! You know the #Spurs and the #Celtics would make for a food series. They both a GREAT teams.
yes! Old news, Chico.
Love being able to get refills under $1 at Also great customer service!
Headed to University to teach “The Church and the Poor” class with Thanks for the opportunity, !
thanks for letting me speak in your class. :)
great new legends roundtable "Celebrity Effect". You could have one on football players alone!
I gave my best, it wasn't enough.
as much as i try to hide it....i miss you </3
I'm really worried about those split-second mistakes you can't undo like crashing your car or accidentally opening iPhoto.
City of Chicago is well stocked with my record now. Reckless, Permanent, and Bucket of Blood are now carrying my little slab of wax.
in crested butte, devine flourless chocolate cake. I have never seen so many women roll their eyes in delight...
might go back to tm.... :o
ok :D lol
Hello to all of the SC students!!! We will have a review for Phy135bL!! So PLEASE spread the word for us! 3/31 Sat.!!!!
Wow ... Looks like somebody is having self esteem problems tonight
Great to be in such good company!
O.o
yea my fault. How u doe lil niggA
FYI only: I think I might be headed back to FL this December. Will def stay in touch in case I've any opp 2go thru #Atlanta :)
How does your calendar look for Nov | Dec? Looks like a nonstop marathon of activities for me! Bring on the lattes.
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way ~ Henry David Thoreau via
same... but now everybody listens to house... so nobody say's its crap any more...
its Thursday!! Thank goodness
With Fatah's Egyptian patron deposed, and Hamas' Syrian patron in distress, the Fatah-Hamas pact is a desperate move out of weakness.
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Ah, whenever the snow falls, Big Bill is grateful that he's no longer Mayor. Hey, Rahm, my sympathies!
Dr. Oz - a living infomercial.
Lets make like fabric softener and #snuggle -
Kerrie, what are you? I am INFJ...not an Engineer.
Bicycle rack parking for the 350 today...hoping I don't get a ticket!
Got a $60MM offer via email from Mr. Abdul Qadeer Fitrat, who found me through Google search. Mr. Fitrat has led an interesting life, too.
"Texas Forever"
Coking the daughter & I a good dinner. Shrimp, red peppers & rice. Yes, the shrimp r wild caught, & the other parts of r meal r
MT : you're aware that your ads are on limbaugh & you're happy with the placement. supporting hate isn't cool
Artist SpotLight!-New HipHop Rap Star TEF-D-Featuring The L-DON ICE CREAM 21 song Digital Mp3 -cdbaby.com/cd/tefd1
you're still here too huh! Wanna meet up w/ me & & whatever other #pubmedia folks are still around? Today 1:30/2 ACC
RT : on tonight! A second helping of some delicious redistricting.
wearing in like a cape, with his jorts, dale #3 shirt with his boots. Ahhaaa
Funfetti. Beer. Vodka. To the nights we felt alive
yessir I do! :) we should meet up. Its been a while!
Now they look crappy ha but hey I was bored :)
Cant Eat Around Black People . -Smh .
I check that account bi-weekly to see who mistweeted me. The avg is 4-5 friends. Feel sorry for the true owner
I'll take pictures for you
Guard ya face
I am very aware about this. We r workijg with MPD to áddress this
Does anybdy hate me?
Hey, hey, hey!!
that's a nasty looking twat brah
Morning busy day! Packing for finger lakes this weekend:) leaving tomorrow
Tell a nigga backk up choppa flash if he act up!
Get your tix now for PB's one-act plays at 414-278-0765 and get a free Pink Banana button! Show runs May 21-June 5 at Off Broadway Theatre.
RT : And then... > along came jones!!!
Also, my hair is unrecognizable. We're talking episode of Friends where Monica had to get cornrows in Jamaica levels of size.
Getting excited way in advance for the Great Lake Swimmers in C'ville on April 13
why did Bear trip? :D
Can this be true: Sitting in front of computer for 4 hrs has the same effect as smoking when it comes to heart attacks? Damn. Rise up.
VOTE FOR TEN! www.alabamapugrescue.org
DANA! What did you do!
Not happy with Never-sent packages (seriously?) and crummy replacement policy leaves me with three very unhappy birthday kids.
Bahhhh yeah I'm sure they would have. Not! They had plenty of chances last night. Durn errors :/ ugh.
So proud of the #Orioles right now<3
I'll be there representing on Friday in Seattle!
Wait wait wait, you're too?
THANK YOU
Can anyone tell me how many tweets I have made! I can't see it cause I'm on my iPad! =P
No matter what i do your never gonna be happy
once u hit holly
Thx to our awesome Twestival volunteers: !
made some bomb ass pancakes 😌
Happy National Chip and Dip Day!
I wish he'd agree to a doggone debate.
Nick Nolte's red carpet interview on ABC was great. He had no idea what the hell she was talking about.
yup! Hope you have a good lunch!
Anyone betting on me to take 2 in a row?
I'm here, playing my schedule by ear, I may be sitting in at hooters casino ...
Sent ya a DM
love you John!!
My plan is to show him that I understand
LitFuse is wondering about a 3 million dollar idea...
thanks for the follow
The best bday gift is people telling me they taking me to bingo! (Real bingo btw not drag queen bingo)
Ah, here it comes.
JT is so much better than JB RT Justin is the new Justin.
People who succeed in the workplace create their own opportunities. You won't get anywhere waiting for a promotion to fall on you.
First person to ever tell me that I look like my mom I usually get I look like my dad lol
i intend to be that little old person in the nursing home that leads the rebellion and puts vodka in all the I.V. bags. Just saying.
- Please Hit them with a Follow!
Teams calling Lions to get the blueprint to stop Tebow,Lions are thinking of a masterplan to beat GB!
April Fools ;)
Watching Metropolis Restored before it goes off instant. Never seen it (in any version). Is this the one with Mark Hamill or Rutger Hauer?
No school today! Only 3 hours tomorrow!
Don't drink and tweet. No, really. Don't drink and tweet.
We have the DRX-9000 in our arsenal of cures for chronic back pain. It has changed people's lives. So happy to come to work everyday.
Ahh no school tommoroe (: gonna blaze with my niggas. & hit up the tattoo shop.
best 2.50 ever spent. Who complains about 2.50, seriously? I can get a publicist for less.
I saw you at sfb but you disappeared! Hi!
Servant leaders influence others to be and do their best.
nope, the last update was two weeks ago, according to the phone's info.
Go Cubbie Bears!
I wonder if anyone thinks about me when they don't have to.
Making 's chile-coconut braised short ribs. Convinced there is no way they could possibly taste as good as they smell.
RT : RT : Suffer the pain of discipline or suffer the pain of regret.
S/O To My Nigga For Doing His Thing
AUSTIN! I MISSED IT! )':
Murder mystery: Coming up at 5am: wait til you hear who's on the witness list for a man accused of killing his wife
Is this one of those moments where you have to say that because, "you're my mom"? Thanks, nonetheless.
I had the same thing, but there's plenty of twitter bugs and spam accounts that get cleared out.
thanks Proud Knight!
Superfoods - Superfoods Solution Family THE CURE The goal of The SuperFood Solution™ is to reduce the consumption of the foods that...
"Chow" mein - Hold the Orange Chicken.
Thx for following MobileErge, but it should be For some reason that site is still up, when it shouldn't be
Thanks, Cody. Appreciate the support. As a great man once said (that's me), it takes genius to know genius.
but this is the new fully Emerged me :)
Thanks so much! Have a great weekend!! :)
65 more days!!
Larry Hisle wasn't able to see a doctor about his eye twitch problem. Couldn't get an appointment until May 5.
It's a diversion. Whoever brings up the issue, looks like the victim when someone retaliates. Bully Politics! Childish BS!
I may be able to swing by whereever for a drink tonight
Why did the broken hearted dude cross the road? To find his true love😏
Make sure to follow so we can DM all winners after the party!
YOU SHOULD SKYPE WITH US JS :)
Thanks for letting me know lol.
Hoping to make it home before performs tonight!
thanks for the brownie is was delicious!
Great show for you tonight 7-9 pm. Send your public safety questions to Frank Straub c/o , or tune in and call 736-0950
why what
I'll tweet a pic tomorrow. They will be open more. It was a strange mothers day, that's for sure.
are you in SA ?!
would honest increase the makeup? He probably lie for
Misfortunes, untoward events, lay open, disclose the skill of a general, while success conceals his weakness, his weak points
Seven amazing years ago today, LitFuse moved into the skinner build in downtown seattle. How time flies!
Would love to know how I woke up with all these bruises on my legs...
Watching a mobile study now. No practice test was done. So many tech issues could've been identified & solved w/ a pre-test.
are you going to stand up and shout "bingo! " at some point in the keynote?
Great to see back on campus for a few days.
I don't have a ticket
just got a email re: "my" Phillies. Sorry, I don't root for losers who wait nearly 20 years between titles.
Shit just got real. RT:: dylan's first song is comin out today... that's pretty awesome. stay tuned.
Foundations become very active policy making. Extra scary?
Court hearing to be Wednesday on request to hold Gov. Scott Walker recall primary election May 15, general election June 12
Anyone trying to email me today? BK is having email issues. Call my direct dial or email me at
It's good to know that there are SOME people out there with good hearts. God bless 'em!
I CAME FOR DUH BEER AND DUH BITCHES
$SPFM +50% today with lots of volume
What keeps life fascinating is the constant creativity of the soul.
Yep! Make sure you use #suffolk2012 !
is RYU (from Street Fighter) COMING TO MK9 as DLC?
rock she's such and insprational i love her
One thing I cannot stand is when one person at work says to another "hey, what r u still doing here so late".. at 5:07.
if there is, i'll fly out & join u. #obsessed RT I'm going to NYC at the end of the week. Is there a bus tour yet???
No he didn't, but he also didn't lead with the crown of his helmet like these dummies do now. Tatum hit with power AND skill
Less than 1 day til starts! Can't wait to see everyone there!
There's something not right about 'reporters' being paid per click imho; impartial media, anyone? Or maybe I'm just old school...
"Richard Serra Drawing" opens this Thursday, 3/1. Come by for a booksigning at 5p and conversation with the artist at 6p.
My mind focus on a couple things family school homies music wifey $ n more money .
Awesome! I think I'll check out the next game at their home stadium February 18th.
Show today: Hank Haney, Tyson Nash, Patrick O’Neil Fox Sports West, LA Times Helene Elliot, Todd Walsh, Beer Run Trivia.
this is Jake from Statefarm!:b
Hitting quite a road block after that first page of writing... Someone inspire me.
Just completed a 53 min workout with
They go hand-in-hand!
QUOTE I can relate to-Alice Neel, When I work, I work very Fast, But preparing to work can take any length of time
So are we!!! Thanks for spreading the word!!
Now you're talking. I'd toss in some and for good measure as well.
FUN with #PUNS!: With certain cashiers, things are slow to register :)
You got to put it at the end of a sentence.
Deals so #amazing they got two! Happy Honda owner see Jesse lee in
Filming interviews today for band documentary... Hierosonic in HD :)
Lizzy Donovan is my baby <3
....aint that the truth..
really? Oh do tell! How annoying? worse than an obnoxious client?
Great to meet you Paul at friday's conference!
Your so sweet and I would do anything just to get to know you and Maybe sometime in the futre we might see eachother I hope so!
Just Had A Meeting With In #NewYork! Great To Be Back On The Team! Michael Said It Best - "Just Call My Name, I'll Be There"!
yeah I'm hoping to finish Sea of Monsters today and yes I do love love love my naps
Put God first and you'll never be last.
I am really enjoying the 17yr Sherry oak, but I like to to drink around the range too. The 12 double wood is what I give as gifts.
See Recorder for free live @ Cains Ballroom. Sent the word local to 72855 for your free ticket!
Tired of crying.
DINNER, brb :)
#NAEP Science --8th Graders in science scored higher in 2011 scored higher as compared to 2009.
Thanks for coming in!
#NSTA digital native presentation went well. Picked up a picture perfect science series I can't wait to try out so lucky to be here!
"Open your blouse." "You're a dirty old man. Anything else?" "No, ma'am." I want to be married to Don Draper.
this day was way better than yesterday and the day before that . yahhyahh
Kicking off #techinmotionphilly !!
#soexcited those younows make my mondays(:
Recognized that shit, you better fucking recognized that fucking name
comin over later on
thanks for the love!
The only way to be satisfied is to do what you believe is great work.
#poziam I'm not debating sex people have sex obviously you Have strong feelings about sex & can't see beyond
Agreed! RT : Yes, it will be! It should be every week!
Time for me to spread my wisdom: "Try to avoid being stung in the face by wasps. It hurts. A lot." ~Feel free to use this for yourself...
Thanks for being our 200th follower!
Yesterday I saw a chicken crossing the road
well there wrong..and i think tht u shouldnt cut it:)
Goodmorning twitterworld! So glad its the weekend. Ready to get my outfit out for tonite and a drink in my hand. Its party time :))!
But I will miss being an egghead...made me feel smart! :)
The best friend is likely to acquire the best wife, because a good marriage is based on the talent for friendship. Friedrich Nietzsche
Feeding my face...Chicken, Broccoli.& Potatoes
wow, congratulations !
We produce high quality cinematic style videos for real estate listings in Bay Area. Video is next big thing for real estate.
true. I love you austin. Please rt mee!
U better follow me back helfa!
There should be a "i changed my mind button" after sending a text message
Back to the Box in a couple hours. It was real Georgia.
it's like a holiday at work here; everyone is stoked.
Happy Easter everyone!
You gotta watch on The Voice after the Superbowl. He's SO GOOD. You'll cry.
welcome to the texans .. should be a great upcoming season.
Right on!
Bring your body baby I can give you fame.
Picked up 500 more copies of my CD Overwhelmed / praying 4 all who may receive one and for the plans in motion 2 begin new project soon!
Thanks Riley for waking up at 3 in.da mornin screamin n my ear not crying but laughing lmao idk wt to do with this child...
and you know that's right! RT“: #sexiestmanalive the great and wonderful ”f
Have you seen the moon tonight? It's lovely right now, orange & rising!!
#Pittsburgh check out our event tonight at Spinning Plates Gallery, our art show #warischildsplay is something to see! Music, wine, and more
Latest great name find: some actually named Bulwinkle.
4-27, spoke at Palmer MS and met the Morning DJ Moby!
#oomf hates me :-(
thanks ^_^ and Lol come on you know you like it ^_^ hehe
What topic are looking for? Scarcity, production costs, budgets, etc.
If only he could have landed Peyton Ma...oh. Well, it's not like he added defensive help via the dr....oh. Wait, what??
also, apologies for all the boring tweeting. Is it possible to filter out a hashtag, as it is to follow one? SOLVE PROBLEM.
You have issues...
that video is over a year old. Yikes!
Good afternoon everyone! It's Thursday, still gotta keep it moving, the weekend is almost here, what healthy actions r u takn 2day?
Nail polish, and a smoothie.
YOO REAL TALK...YHU INSPIRED ME ND YHUR MY ROLE MODEL.. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK :P
About to get my hair done hopefully going lighter(:
Got my sweatshirt today and it is awesome! My veg daughter will love it! (shhh -- it's a gift...)
Not feeling so bright this morning, left school early & now feeling better :)
anyone else besides these groups #a11ybos, #a11ysea, #a11yldn wanting notes send e-mail to with subject "a11y camp notes".
My son was diagnosed with PDD-NOS at 5. We had known for some time that he interacted/played differently
awe why am I your fave?
RT :Hey #sportsbiz,if you're not joining #sbchat on Sun nights, you're missing out. & do a great job!
Pages and Numbers are good for editing. May run into some font differences but should work for simple stuff.
glad to see you all are working hard in my absence. Every day in Europe has been kaffeeklatsch.
Research and Markets: Global Digital Out-of-Home Media Forecast 2012-2016
if you had time that would be great. Unless I did poorly, then send it after tmrw so im not depressesed during finals
: Notice you were looking at recipe software -- have you tried BigOven, at www.bigoven.com? (Disclosure -- I wrote it.)
i am the boss... but i suck at spanish. y no me gusta la clase de ciencias. estoy muy triste. :)
I wish I could retweet this a hundred times ": aloe vera after a sun burn >>>>>"
Just read a good quote: "We need to replicate in the classroom the world in which students are living." Not sure who said it.
That revelation where as soon as my ex left, all my girlfriends and my family say he was ugly as f*ck anyway and we don't belong!
long did you guys stick around last night?
It's official has made it known they are replacing SeeBull with !
#ThugLife All the way 
I enjoy how you, , constantly get me to think & then re-think! You're one of my favorites. Thanks! That all I got right now.
It was my point! I Can't Believe It's Not Butter and margarine are both vegetable oil blends colored with Beta Carotene
yh it was so funny I am seriously in love with them!! And life is good can't wait for summer!!😊
Ah, no clue why Facebook links aren't working this morning...
watching the new
YAaYYYYYYYY!!!!!! I'm so happy you got it!! And SO happy you accepted!!! :)
chica that date is coming up pretty fast... U ready? So happy for u guys!
We need a male child, age 5-10 for an important part in our upcoming film. Contact us if you can help! www.birthday-massacre.com/contact.php
hey its briana
It's 4:36 a.m here. Good morning! :)
Deadline for extended 2010 individual tax returns is Monday, Oct. 17th.
All my true friends are adversaries--and I hold them the dearer for it.
It's Thirsty Thursday an your state rep has been thirsty all day from all the beer & pork ribs she had last night at the Rib Hut! !
“: No Red Sox starter has gone more than 7 IP since April 13th - a stretch of 26 straight games (including tonight).”
<< Butter Cake equals instant happiness and smiles no matter what..;)
I wish ABC would introduce me to the woman of my dreams...
Rowing: Ten years later, Trevians rowing merrily along
No doubt about it!
it does. i only get on every couple of days. miss you!
Ok I have to be up at 5, night tweeps
yeah she did... I can forward it if you like?
You know what I am going to tweet! This Saturday...#StPatricksDay, ...ITS GOIN DOWN!
i got a new username
Computer crash creates radiology test delays at three B.C. hospitals
I can't imagine it'd take more than a week of serious training.
Just watched a recent clip of ESPN First Take, where has the talent gone? Joe Budden srsly? He said nothing original. Bring back
Smokin on the best
Love your trio work...
What it do
#HowToPissAFemaleOff tell her u cant fuck tonight becuase ur dick is sore
I hearya..and yeah he SUCKs....I agree...
IS THE UNIVERSE
"When one man kills another, one of them is dead."
no spam here, just the friendly folks at digitalfuntown
"Oh when you were young, did you question all the answers?" I've been awake since 2:30 am; Crosby Stills & Nash on Pandora understands me.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Westbound 290 at Mopac
Well, I COULD be mad I only got $15 in comps for beating out of $1200, but I guess now I can just buy my own damn steak can't I?
of course... looking forward to your tweets!
#CATCHINGFIRE by Suzanne Collins. Am again that nerd excitedly wanting to discuss a book 3 yrs after everyone else has read it.
This meek mill & big sean shit remind me of tha shit me & chef'd up
Round up of best viral videos of the week coming. Any faves out there?
Looks like #Marquette may get the toughest #14 seed in the Tournament. #Iona looks scary good.
So we're not counting the dancers who know him by name at the Gold Club? B/c if you do, that guy's Mr. Popular
I'm so tired I will have a nap ...z
Long night... shit, long day actually.
No way hell at least one of the people in the couple from the song "Pina Coladas" wouldn't get pissed the other one was steppin out on them.
RT : I think it is divine intervention that head of #JPMorgan fought so hard vs regs that would've prevented their debacle
Fun times albeit small crowds!
Caution about idea you can crosspost same content on multiple platforms w/out customizing
You're the worst of the best and I want it.
Shake it like a Polaroid picture
OK. The neighbor's wind chimes might need to go suddenly missing.
Aloha! Sorry I missed you during your visit.
nice job Stig ;)
Obama is twisting all the DEMs; arms to vote yes on the health care bill. What ever haoppened to a "free Democracy"?
Yea, I'm in a gang.
Thanks for following Megan Blake Design! Have a sunshine day!
amen! It's always on the days off we wake up early.
HELP! Go To Meeting has failed us. Need replacement -- phone conference feature, online screen sharing -- and record session? Suggestions?
Timbers threw up a rip mca sign on the big screen!
hey i am a huge fan of jennette mccurdy, no lie. it would be awesome if you followed me back. =)
": hell yea thts my ish... Lol"//lol you know im always L.A.T.E lol
#JamminforJamaica tomorrow night Murfreesboro! 7:00 #NelsonMcBride opens up the show! All donations go to support a mission trip to Jamaica!
The thing about 4 days of waking up at 4 am is that I am sure it's going to happen tomorrow as well. Bad pattern.
Ben Folds Five is finally back together after a decade hiatus. The new album comes out in a few months. Follow Ben on fbook and twitter!
that a cop joke? :(
leave me alone lol
I thought writing plays was difficult. Then comes writing plays with songs. Songs that aren't supposed to sound like shit.
“: I love when it's bed time, both my cats come upstairs in my room to sleep #crazycatlady 🐱💜”
You guys ok from Irene?
American League notebook -- May 3, 2012
good luck bro
Happy Birthday to a lovely lady! I hope you have a great day and many more wonderful years to follow!
(and global connections!) :)
if you had to do a collabo w/ any artist(s) who would it be and why?
Rubenfeld Synergy - Your body is the place where your emotions, thoughts, and memories live. It is the container of your life...
Great billboard! So excited for you guys. When are you having another baby so I can decorate the nursery?!
wats going on?
At least the cubbies pulled of a win
love the soundtrack.....so i mastered it...!
I don't feel loved.. Michael says you just wanna show off that you can get a girl.. And then break up with her for someone prettier.
Many I know have been spelling RIM's trouble A-N-D-R-O-I-D
Heading to work soon, I believe I get time and a half for today, but the job is new enough that I don't know.
Every man's dream job = Professional #Beer taster! How did you get that gig?
Still conflicted though.
FWD: : Teaching a 2-day workshop at Saturn Booksellers this June. Please share if you know Michigan (or traveling) writers ...
I'm going to tackle the first random kid I see playing football in the street, let him know who's boss.
#LasVegasFirefighters have a better track record saving lives when it comes to treating and transporting cardiac arrest patients.
You really asking? You know me! This and Chick-Fil-A (and my girlfriend?) are the most important in my life.
Kerri, this time she tweeted digressive and wanton
still I hate running 1 mile
Just back from China, thinking about tweeting the trip retrospectively
Bummer! I didn't read that book either. I'd say we should all get together Caitlin's in town, but I think you 2 will be busy. ;)
how we touched and went our separate ways (guess I knew more than I thought)
Day 2: Getting a tour of Lac du Flambeau this morning. Just finished a eating breakfast and working out with a few elders.
Love that my husband carries me down a flight of stairs after I've gone sleepy with only one minor elbow bang to disturb me. What a sweetie.
Here are some helpful tips for creating that successful campaign that your business needs
You and Scrappy are there already? Nick too?
Dumbest show I've seen. You need to shut off your brain while watching that show. Hahaha but it's fun! Right ?
I'm Ready To Have This Baby !
Rolling through your afternoon with Crystal, also coming up in an hour is the Afternoon FiX with MC Nutt...
One big room, full of bad bitches.
#BigMistake spending more than $10 on a new prom gown. Come 2 our annual prom fair Sat March 17 and get YOURS! Dont 4get ur student id.
I am going to kik. right now! (duh) :)
I wish you could have heard the laugh that this produced for me! i just died.
Feels so good to be finally free from that nonsense of a dictatorship. Now time to get legit with Ascension!
And if really does represent the middle (at least of the faux intellectuals) then Europe is *screwed*
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY <333333
“It’s not the information, but our ability to use or apply the information, that truly counts.” ~Elliott Masie
hey career boi ;-) hope ur having a good weekend! xx
That was nice to see Gomes get out his own mess, but the biggest thing will be whether it translates to future outings.
we re trying
Old Bassett Furniture Plant Catches Fire The old Bassett Superior Lines furniture plant plant in the 2600 block of Fairystone Park Highwa
I'm sorry about your father. Anything you need and we're here tor you
#What2ChainzWouldSay USPA Is A No No, True Religion My Logo, Jump On Your Girl Like A Pogo, No Protection, YOLOOO !"
In appears Benedict Arnold will survive getting shot in the leg during the Battle of Quebec. He is resting while his army remands near town.
Who needs a table for this weekend?? I have killer bottle specials for the next couple weeks to help celebrate that special night out :)
is running auditions for Jinx at Act One Studios!
Girls that freak out about the word #dick ... time to
I'm coming to VA soon u beter come get me
Frieze free drink duel with continues & parties. New rule: first one to throw up WINS.
Okay! RT : Pitching coach Dan Warthen said Santana topped out at 92 on his gun and mostly was 90.
cool! thanks. which did u like. 10% off for new customers!!
Going to the #Indians game tonight! Wanna buy one of those new C-hats while I'm there, and of course dollar hot dogs.
Whew, this day is kicking my butt! Rehearsal soon downtown!
hahahhahaha you're an awesome loser
In my move I had 8-10 boxes of books. I love to read & will reread, but it's time to consider buying a Kindle or Nook.
Game day! Last one of the career!
When have you seen God's glory?
I walk on jimmy nd smoke on loud!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 69F FAIR
(frozen) pierogies fried with onions, and garlicky spinach on the side. not a bad dinner for about zero effort.
Danish restaurant Noma declared world&#39;s best restaurant -- for the third time
Holding your hand. >>
The Tribal Garden DVDs were just resent out. Merry Christmas :)
Mike Tyson - also now in Hall of Fame!! - was fighting every two weeks for the first year of his Heavyweight professional career - amazing
Leave a comment on the video!! Splurge Gang ft Waka Flocka
Fixed! Thank you!
"Steam" 3 #women meet in the steam room at a local health club staring Ruby Dee, Kate Siegel, Ally Sheedy, Chelsea Handler, Reshma Shetty
Overheard: "I'm glad you're living the 16-year old life."
Jeezy- Super Freak
Cant wait til this weekend
Loved the film! Saw it at ,Sat in back of your parents and sister. DIrector Q & A was great!
true I missed the last one
Procter &amp; Gamble 3Q net income slips
haha that sounds good and tasty and Ill be waiting for it ;-)
RT : Free public higher education in the US would cost $15 - 30 billion. (What we spent on air conditioning in Iraq &...
I'd be quite proud. LOL
Lmao when I sent her the Tarantula Milkshake. Ewww. But funny.
Looks great! Headers r 2 light and blend in to the white background. Consider diff color and possibility Google Web Fonts.
Please pray for Katie Bissey. She lost her mom tonight.
Nothing's better than dead of night. You can pretend to be a thug and fantasize about mugging someone.
Off to the beach, lots of sun, margaritas and plenty of golf!! Back in a week.
Based solely on the series as try are the eastern conference would Be: Florida vs Ottawa and Philadelphia vs Washington
RT : Sat. April 21st from 10am-2pm River Run Computers, Inc. Electronics Recycling Day here at IndependenceFirst.Recycle!
Misting is just more fun.
Is that like a Matt Diaz scenario?
Im having a tasty beverage beer
Still in line for my iPhone. Play "words with friends?" Get at me...I'm "projectmattnyc" let's goo!
Hah, clever man, you!
treat her like a princess, fuck her like a porn star
sorry I lost Your number:(
It didn't tell me the loc of the nearest copy of the book I scanned, but it did inform me of a special at DQ so, win overall
Want to deliver a great product that adds substantial value to your patients' well being? Chk out how to get your own CareShop through EBA
Copy from one, it's plagiarism; copy from many, it's research.
poo. Thank you
I wouldn't mind having one of those..
So my computer fails me during the most important time for me.
interesting place
I have no sentiment at all for the Rose Bowl. It's as meaningful as the Flint MegaBowl.
Tigers had 100 opportunities to win this game, but too sloppy. That last second shot by MSU just sucked!
DMX is definitly gonna blow up angelina oh man....
hmm, does the bear have claws? Like could he accidentally hurt me?
why do you regret getting your tatts
WORD RT more importantly,love people for WHO they are#nohate #nojudgement #nocondemnation*salutes the roman empire*
My dog is trowing up so we woke up, usually start watching show 1!hr later
R: I need something to punch a hole in this with. A: Why do you need to punch a hole in it? R: So everyone will know I punched a hole in
Wolfe and Monument Tuesday 11 to 2... stop by for lunch
pretty funny
Looked down at my car's mileage and it read exactly 79,000
Agree! They really are lovely, Nadja! :-)
You are a wise man.
"Pussy like medication for patients. " -Weezy
haha ;D just followed u back!
ERASE RACISM #Eracism #ripTrayvonM BARACK THE VOTE 2012! The land of THE free and home of THE brave
Waiting for a perfect beginning is worse than expecting a happily ever after, both in writing, and in life. Just dive in. Start anywhere.
is new to this.
I'm finding more bars and restaurants are not offering pitchers of #beer. This disturbs me.
Good girl! You promised you would wait for them to get there. Be very careful tonight!
"He may exterminate me for saying that, but he is the cutest candidate"
Great seeing you and Rob again :-)
Time for #madmen!
I miss lost.
Sometimes my Twitter feed induces cognitive dissonance. Like Extreme Channel Surfing.
Rhinos are just fat unicorns. If we'd give them the time &attention they deserve and diet:They'd reveal their majestic ways.
FBCD new faces and new followers on board!!! It's getting ready to EXPLODE to new highs!!!
someone hacked your account.
Up to 185 flicks that aren't actually good enough to watch, but put in Netflix instant queue to think about but never actually watch later.
take the audition, win the job, and then use the money to buy an iPad! win/win
isn't she great?!?
#Np Healing - Beenie Man & Lady Saw
#NFL NEWS: Draft still in first round on the 26th pick. Cant wait until the 49ers make there selection.
Suggestion: could we do the Nerf war tomorrow night :)
All I gotta say is THunder up!!!!! Lets Go!
Isn't today that Kony day thing? Interesting day to choose...
I need some Umami Burger in my life right now haha. Haven't had a burger in weeks.
want a rich chocolate tan or a subtle glow? we can get you ready for shorts & swim suits!
This game at RIT sounds like a blast - what a way to engage the students *and* the faculty!
congrats on the impending arrival, Rosanna!
Check my French.
that's just wrong!!! LOL
Remember to click "Save" every once in a while with the stormy weather today. You don't want to lose your work when the power goes out.
:) Yup. I liked the conductor/symphony metaphor.
Catching up with friends at Ladro
very good sign! Cheers!
m espresso
When I Was A Little Girl My Favorite Cartoon Was Scooby Doo. &I Still Love That Show!
anyone else feel like today was a Vampire Weekend kind of day? Tropical in Chicago
well if we are going to sware bowdlerize...
I wish I could get Outlook to play the "Pop Goes the Weasel" sound for those emails that completely redirect my day.
RT : great big idea suggests moving away from document-centric view of web archives. think about them as data corpora
Totally! Bringin Tupac back every night.
Awesome list of top 25 Daddy Blogs ! Also if you haven't checked out DaddySwag.com yet, we would love your feedback! :)
Not amazing, just lucky. I was fitted 4 my 1920's suit yesterday & found out I am in a scene w/ Kelly MacDonald. I'm so AMPED!
You like cocktails? You should follow Big things coming...
It's ongoing work. Reach out to and he and Rick can fill you in.
great publication, thanks for sharing!
two invites to sb parties where there will be outstanding food. what is funny is neither of these parties likes pro football, hah.
Dont worry about the world ending today, its already tomorrow in Australia
yes for sure...mini #sobcon reunion :)
thanks for the training today looking forward to helping #COkids and
Mr. Wright is the greatest teacher of all time.
I think i'm bi-polar
& that's what makes you beautiful.
You mean DE, not TE?
woot woot! Can't wait to see it!
didn't know about SPSS text mining - is that standard with SPSS or an add-on?
Love catching up with !
If this is my last tweet ever, know I went out eating some delicious heart-clogging shit.
thanks. Not sure my computer battery has the stamina to hang in here. Haha
Add my Request On Skype
With my pops having lunch.
Brighthouse Sports Network is showing the replay of last week's game vs. the Soul right now for those who are interested!
Heard one full song Underneath 2daz ago and still pulling my jaw off the floor. It's a monster! You gonna sing that live?
DM to explain...
Everyone's exhausted. This one's gonna come down to the goaltenders...and Ovechkin sitting for most of the past three third periods.
Houseguest = housecleaning = confronting the 2-ft. stack of poetry books I’ve yet to read…
US Marine Corps Day! "I'm not scared of very much. I've been hit by lightning and been in the Marine Corps for four years."---Lee Trevino
you two look nice so I followed
Happy Friday....Millions of people would love to be you.
Haha keeping staring these tits win trophies
Can you DM an email address I can send some info we want you to have?
Tall nonfat latte for your editor?
No she is my cousin.I think Juana is her mom
Don't deny it ...Embrace your inner "Illumanati" ...lol...Jk....I know its dope tho!
LUV you dolls:) So happy for coming to NYC just for meeting you !!
it Still hasn't hit me that im done with High School. West Memphis at that!
i thought it was amazing how he out did him self instead of someone else
How is everyone doing today? :)
Guess we might hear a certain song tonight in celebration?(Always wondered if Harrisburg, PA was the city behind the song)
We'll go down this road till it turns for color to black and white.
RT : Historic moment. So proud to see our Pres come out in support of marriage equality and full equal rights for ALL Americans.
cheddar soup from #panera>>>>>
I have the CBR. It's pretty good. Gonna take me a while to get used to the art, I think.
I really wish I knew ANYONE that still lives in
At #dcweek being marketed to by Ford with .. Waiting for digital tips from postsecrets
Never mind there his punk ass go right there
I love you!!!
ha! that's some clever sh!+! your domestic partner in rhyme must <3 2 stuff his sak in your grill, this is otown boy.
I think this is a great time to remind everyone that "it's turtles all the way down."
Um, google dog port. It's a comfortable canine carrying device. Perfectly logical destination for a coach on fight day
also refs fall for flops and flailing too many times
no more murderers nextdoor. spring cleaning with all the windows open and the music up. what a great day
Missing most of ToC bc we're heading to Moab UT tomw for a week of hiking plus a day of mtn biking. Just downloaded the ToC app!
The Seafood Festival in Pompano Beach, FL starting today to Sunday. Check the weather!
Any chance this special extends a week? How much is single day next week? I can't find it on the website. thx
Why does project Newt the winner when he is 4% behind Mitt?
trying to buy member tix for xponential but the form that confirms membership is failing with several PHP errors.
nice. Building? I love downtown.
hahaha only mine was a hardy 2 hour nap!! So stressful
Phew! David Guetta shuffled on and saved me. Doing dishes to "Nothing But the Beat" is new...ugh I need to go back to Cali
Happy Birthday XOXO
Winter is coming and Mumbai bistro it ready to make deliveries in philadelphia order online @ WWW.MUMBAIBISTRO.COM
Happy to meet you over the twitter skies!
well, hopefully the food made it worthwhile...
BUILD CONFIDENCE CREATIVITY AND DISCIPLINE at YAT SPRING REGISTRATION FOR k-12 open NOW! www.yatkids.org
Thank you so much to our speakers, partners, patrons and guests who joined us yesterday and made our 26th Annual Luncheon a great success!
Oh, and I need all 700 of my followers to go follow
Friday night, chillin with my lady in the cut, knockin bak PBRs, watchin Bumbles exceed my expectations of crap. They r turrible!
we're home! (don't have your digits, apparently)
Apparently past #Nuggets stalker (woman) gets charged with trespassing as she was banned from home games.
catch the faith inspired Innovators music group during lunch hour concert today.get more o them cokesbury shop to get a.copy of our cd
Well, it's either that or , I guess.
Website is finally up and running!! Head over and check it out!
Weekly Recap April 14th: Lost Planet 3 Announced, Capcom Vs B, GTA Launch Date? New release dates surface for Grand Theft Auto V , Capc
o not much work
Reading Chesnutt's "The Future American" as sarcastic and ironic? I have my doubts and think we should take him seriously.
It has its nice parts, but I know what you mean.
Sorry traffic bad. Hoping beautiful weather may make up for it! Welcome back :)
RED. It's Valentine's Day afterall...
the fireworks were nice....I can't wait til the 4th...I heard they are five times better
People in areas around Hutchinson 50 miles west of MSP should keep alert to potential for rapidly developing severe tstorms now.
Thanks Steve
just signed up for vimeo! fucking awesome!
The awkward moment when your bus is dead silent, and Legally Blonde is blasting through your headphones, and you don't even know it.
Hot friday night date. He said he's going to punish me. His name is Quicken.
im so tried
thanks for the reply
When it comes to texting I'm really bad at replying.
Happy #VeteransDay to all -- but especially to all who serve or have served our country. Thank you for your service.
Why is Daniels on Horford?
I've heard nice things of that place. Good suggestion! Thanks!
like three of each. If you want it to look like that pic
I'm a dude
Thank you for following us hope you enjoy our great deals and tweets.
oh you know a lil titleist D3 with a Fubuki 72 gram stiff in her
you got it :)
A final happy hour at before the office move.
My wife's birthday is today and I ate way too many cupcakes. I can't move. Maybe I shouldn't eat for another week.
Ask Tedy, What did Belichick tell team during losing streaks when Tedy was still there?
As love without esteem is capricious and volatile; esteem without love is languid and cold. Jonathan Swift
Indy Reads is very excited to start Reading Coach Training tonight! Vote for the Glove too! Text reads to 86132!
If I could get people to send me $$$ to write a series if "what not to do" self-helpers, I'd make millions. Or maybe rent.
dude this shiit is amazing!!!!!! Best zombie film/show ever!!
My phone updated. I have a sneaking suspicion that even though it says "4G," it's not really 4G.
LOL too much time on your hands today.
Following from EAV mission!
Welcome the task that makes you go beyond yourself. -Frank Mcgee
One of Pierce's two misses was on a heat check 3-point attempt. He's 7-of-9
Thanks for the Black Keys info Apparently I am even later than you!
There are more than four times as many American patents as there are species.
OMG AW is right!! <3
Yum. Wait ... I think we're supposed to focus on the health food angle.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thank you for following!
if you were a super hero, what would your super power be?
bigger treat for me, seeing u!!!!
Almost a full moon and I'm feeling rambunctious! #DC watch out tonight!
Half of my hood Sunset Park are boricua...i wonder how they feel
Thats amazing. Any good stories?
$2 select tacos, Dos Equis Amber, Tecate and Modelo! Plus $2 mystery shots. Keep the holiday party rolling with BelAir Cantina!
:-) Oh I LOVE Rebekah, and hope to work w/ her 1 day. And am now a follower of Maria! Thanks!
TNX I JUST FOLLOWED HIM TOO
Having my assistant drive me to the airport this morning made me feel way more bAhler than I actually am ;)
Hard drugs are the entrance to the devils world
Tweet and retweet were on a boat. Tweet fell off. Whose left?
plus u got daddy to help. Can't imagine ladies who do that all alone. God bless um
Sone research show that hot girls like to date average guys. Fuck you Gym, ive never been there and now i never intend to go!
Bike ride- creeper's trail, virginia- epic! *give PEACE a chance*
This one is runnin bad - wheels up midnite or earlier
RT : “: #LetsBeBlunt yu ain uh bad bitch if u got bad credit”  #fact<<<lol rite
. Love this movie.
At it again lets get these tracks done.....#BAMSQUAD.......#OsOFRESHGANG.....we stay fitted !!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow Mark. Hope all is well.
hahahaha not while being on the tread?
Everybody get theirself in their own mess.
Wow I just dropped my phone on my face
Could #rafaelnadal be the best? He's only 25. The Spaniard has shown he's got what it takes!
Girl, your so pretty!! :)
getting some good cuddle time with the neglected kitties and watching Being Human.
That one player that doesn't high five instead gives a fist
yeah. I forgot what it was called.
back to library land after 1.5 weeks off with the butter cow, minneapoleans, and a little stint out west.
will perform in Les Folies Intoxique Nov 19 8pm. Come see an energetic group performance!!!
keep warm and throw big snow balls at the #laker fans!!!
Monday's are absolutely the worst -.-
Watch tonight RT : Getting ready for SNL tonight. This will be the first performance for
Tell Dan Gilbert to stop complaining. Build a team around Kyrie Irving, and stop showing bitterness about losing
RT : Boxer Manny Pacquiao is not welcome We are a gathering place for all Angelenos, not a place for intolerance.
#yahoonews has said "we should get used to it because this is the world we now live in" we should boycott yahoo
Sac'rs come to either store for 25% off Sac pkgs..stay tuned 4 more BLOWOUT DEALS comin this week!!
That should become our mascot. Can we all get one?
One of the funniest weekends I had in a while !! 😃💗
There's so much pressure from Twitter to buy the new bundle.
The elephant in the room is mental health in the VA.
thank you as well
Amazing Austin
THE MANI W/ THAT COLOR AND THE MOSAIC SOUNDS AWESOME! I cannot wait to try it!
:( RT : Just want 2 go home
I don't fuck with people no more “: good living as well in dis hell we call earth lol ware yo single friends at”
Happy Birthday ! : )
Our 3rd prediction was nearly perfect. Lovely Sunday! Packers vs Eagles then Lakers vs Knicks after!
Totally remember Puff the magic dragon! Do you remember Sigmund and the seamonsters??
I really should be cheering for UNC-Asheville right now, seeing that I went to the program's BBall camps as a kid.
How awesome! You are in the zone!!!
Le Peep Lovers. guess the # of eggs we scramble, poach, flip, crack & serve each year & win breakfast for 2...pass along to your friends!
Who's this mother fucker on a helicopter
does anyone else hope facebook stock somehow TANKS??
Not even a Noodle bit!! ;)
All these couples walking around smiling n shit,wearing red n shit, laughing n shit,ain't a damn thang funny. She happy because $
Hands down, I love Gwen and her fashion sense.
Thank you for the RT!
aw, thank you! You do the same :)
with new buddy in two gents rehearsal bringin the boys back home
Willis: text forces us to rethink the medium, form into matter, how that inscription involves reading and viewing
More Santorisms: "...you have to comply with this and any federal law...English has to be the main language" No, US has no official language
Really Katy perry?? This sucks donkey balls
aww yes I'd love that!
My home sweet home way out in the middle of nowhere. Horses in pasture and boots on my feet(:
what's going on these days? I see your new app, nice!
lol I know yayyy. I'm excited because I'm currently mentally exhausted
I really wish some people came with an instructional manual because some things about them I will never understand. ......
MAN YOU GON SEE
I DO IT
Don't forget to check out the blog W.de-soto.com
#astAte misses you..
Please spin 's "I'm Not A Gangsta". I was jamming to it on the radio this past weekend! Sick song
Matte White
i know i know, it was last minute! It twas a tough decision lol
I'm not perfect...I'm authentic
RT : Q3: The bride chooses a high ($500 or more) bridesmaid dress budget.Do you think it’s reasonable?
RT Stop crying son! You going to the gym today RT : Im goin I dont think they let ppl under 5 ft in lol..
We went 2-1 today at the tourny at u turn we should've won though
It's hard to tell your mind to stop loving somebody when your heart still does. #012312 SMH !
You can slap that ni**a if he call you a bit*h
Ashanti Proverb~ One cannot both feast and become rich.
hello(: -B
That's one killer font choice. I love a good, thin san serif. So art deco. Perfect, period noir feel!
Relationship Status: [ ] Single [ ] In a relationship [ ] Engaged [ ] Married [ ] Divorced [ ✓] Waiting for a miracle to happen.
People living deeply have no fear of death
rest easy for cousin greedy imissuy so much i hope you having fun up there iloveuy!
i'll be wearing pink. is that okay? lol. cuz i already packed and y'know.
twitter just told me to stop following people. k.
Have a great weekend! Thanks for your support! You inspire me to do the things I do everyday!
They play Ellie Goulding at Disney thats cool
I don't know which is worse: a dead possum, or a live possum.
Let's go #Nadal!
Ha, that's right.
Your very wrong Riley. I talk to the adults on here more. I help promote all young talent. Not just boys. I'm trying to help you
BRING IT! ARRRRGHHHHH!!!!!!
a solo ride? Sounds pretty exciting.
I would like to take this moment to officially announce my candidacy for the executive Student Council.
Nice!! RT : Bring some copies to #MEHRC2012 I need to get a signed copy for
The Haunted Mansion and (The original) Journey into Imagination!
extremely warm in madison this week, glad racquetball courts are inside
