Hey <i>ladies</i>.
Merry Christmas, peeps!
If time is money....are ATMs time machines?
vege meatballs in kitchen sink salad with pesto!
Sometimes it makes me sad when my eyeballs work
My brother is the most dirtiest nigga ever, he doesnt know how to clean after himself -__-
you looked super amazing at that fashion! Everyone i know loved your dress
About to check out Eddie Palmieri with Dafnis Prieto at the Mayne Stage in Chicago. I know it will be an excellent show!
If no one has an accident, vomits, or spills food in next few hours, all of our clothes-save what we're wearing-will be clean soon
The new shows on tv today honestly dont compare to the shows when i was younger
crew LOVE
laying in bed just like Brian Wilson did
OMG! i love this! hahahahahs gkjsdnbfgikjsbgkjsd EMIE i love you
Listening to "Bill Johnsons Wonder Emporium Today" with on
i really learn alot about how the autocomplete functions of our brains work-absolute brilliance
I BEAT THE PIZZA UP. UP, UP, UP. I BEAT THE PIZZA UP. LOL
Goin To The Cubs Game Tomorrow, and The Sox Game Friday Great Way To Finish My Stay Out In Chi Town
Cleaned up the apps on my #iPhone. Deleted a few, consolidated a lot. Already feeling more productive today!
Hey : We go through about 150 sharpies each year signing Colorado Firefighter Calendars for Children's Hospital!
Watchin D Will Press Conference.
I know how to hold a grudge,I can send a bridge up in smoke
Ready to check out the #SFIMA holiday bash tomorrow night!
Wow! RT : 10 million Angry Birds Space downloads in less than 3 days! Thanks to our fans!
Hi Victoria! Can I get a one VICTORIATASTIC reply? Please? :{)
Erytyme I say 2 sum1 "I'm fat." n they say "dnt thnk tht way." I wnt 2 say "I said I'm fat bitch, I never said I was ashamed of it!"
Heading to t. O
Thank you so very much!
Conference call with Paul Fisher today... man he makes me nervous. Like I'm in front of greatness.
FROG BROTHERS!!!!
It is really hard to focus on work, knowing that tomorrow I'm going to be $640 Million richer
Outside views are important and necessary.
should we chat before Sewall-Belmont next week? Looking forward to asking you questions!
Chicago Cubs Babbie Chi Town
The moment the mouse battery dies while you're drawing a free form object!
My interview comes right after Jack Canfield.
the prob w/ self checkouts are a) they assume you are trying to steal and b) people are idiots when it comes to tech.
No way....that hi?
What thing makes you most humble? Why?
Courage is not the absence of fear, but the presence of faith.
Ugh. You were sick for a whole week? I was out for two days and couldn't stop feeling sorry for myself. Glad you're better
Well ohkay die! Then
Are you n the ferry?
's networking event, tonight at 's with was Wunderbar! Mucho FunO w/Italian's & German's!!
happy birthday man. Hmu sometime
No surprises here! But we still want some of that deep fried lasagna.
I dont want your money i just want your trust and love
RT Great quote "Let us never confuse stability with stagnation." ~ Mary Jean Le'Tendre
you want a true intern you found your match. Trust me.
A crowded subway platform is DEFINITELY an excuse for a full vocal warm-up.
It has just been raining and raining for the past few days. When will the rain turn into snow for X'mas?
All schools will be closed next week. Central offices will be open Mon & Tues but closed the remainder of the week. Happy Thanksgiving!
I could really use a concert right about now but i have none comeing up :( i could really use one and a hot stranger to look at, not for ...
the birthday vids for jenn (jennxpenn) have to be sent in by 12:00am tonight!!!!! hurry. :D
what's/who's your inspiration?
When I sleep late and take two naps and im still tired 😲💤
R you f kidding me??? Lakers bench is terrible!!!!! No chemistry whatsoever playing together.
Congratulations to #BCHockey Men's Team for winning the Hockey East Championship over Maine. Good luck in the NCAA's!
I Wish Would Notice Me.
as The Situation? Priceless!! Also, finally get to see some in this epi!! FINALLY
Got a babysitter lined up for New Years? If not, get to it! GEMINI is playing at Bubbaz Plainfield on NYE!! 10p start time! Don't miss out!
Pretty good day for Thursday!))) lots of great memories for sure!))
No liq 4 me tonight, think I'm jus roll up & roll up & roll up....
if you could please stay out of my relationship that would be amazing. bye.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged w/ battery.
Time to start thinking about getting ready to go see Guys and Dolls at the #Carmel Performing Arts Center.
just had the weirdest dream. someone told me they were growing unicorn eggs to eat them and hallucinate. psychedelic shit right there.
Thanks for the mention!
PAMELA'S
Avoid buying on impulse at the bulk store.It’s not saving when you’re buying bulk items you don't need.
just chilllin you know the usual lmao and how was itt !
Planets aligned and 1) My broom stood up by itself 2) My dogs got into a fight 3) Packers had an "active" free agency
finally made it to Inside Marina City -- liking seeing Julie on the wall!
Emoji - ing with ☺
Nope Im On Twitter While My Bro Playing Call Of Duty MW3
DJ Nate will be in the house to night from 9 to close!
Lol..u ready?
Haha the dance moves were sick though!
i swear i could live in your arms, and spend evey moment i had with you.
Dodgers...Angels...how sweet a series would be =)
Damn now I gotta put a hit out for your head.. just throwin money smh..
dude I'm about to find my old mini disc recorder and create a banger right quick lol
A year ago today I scooted up to Vancouver, B.C. for the starting line of Scooter Cannonball Run.
Have fun wish i was there! RT tweeting on behalf of from 's Community Resource Exchange.
On the hunt for a solid Mid level Unreal3 coder to work on a bad ass new fantasy shooter. Anyone interested???
Nobody has a perfect life. Everybody has their own problems. Some people just know how to deal with it in a perfect way.
Best part of 's "All Through the Night"? At the end, when she forgets the lyrics and sings Doctor Who as a fade-out.
We are
Happy B-Day buddy, Love ya:)
RT : great meeting u! We will have to make something happen. // absolutely!! Let's grab lunch soon.
Jaguar game!! :)
Permanently delete your account?
is an amazing #Mom, #speaker, #writer, #yoga #lover, #passionate to help people kick start #healthy sustainable #eating habits.
Mr. T pities the fool. #ChuckNorris rips the fool's head off.
“: Box of wine nd endless ciggs before my accounting presentation #normal #dontjudge #imperfect” too perfect for u klecs
Decided to take today as recovery after a decent session with the ever improving ! Watch out mma scene gbelite is comin for you!
Q3. Twitter is a great way to stay on top of library trends. It's where I first hear LIS news, often.
Did Mike jus kiss some white dude on the lips after he knocked out Berbick?!?!...I'm jah confused!!
I NEED SOME TEXTING BUDDIESS !
but leaves without my plate....
Be sure to let us know when you plan your Old Twitter Babe Calendar. :-)
The photography exhibits are one of my favorites.
- Awesome! Could come by and scout it this evening before 8 or tomorrow before 2pm?
What is your dream summer? -PT
What up doe
Beers in Cambridge with the most awesome and good times!
I miss the summer when lived with us :/
With getting ready for this game
what have I done to anger thee now?
Okay thanks. I somehow ended up on a page that said it was over. :(
Breakfast foods always smell so good unf.
Hmm what color should I paint my toes ( :
<< So good to see everyone! Fun event!!
yeah it did lol. either way those books are BORING haha
Hands on Fire! Rocked the Seattle center 1pm Next up 3pm outside
ok the internet is acting slow
Thank you for the RT.
It was AMAZING!
I use to be filmmaker before photographing NDN cultures. Lately, I've been shooting stock video clips on Amerindians.
this isnt my night :'/
The harmonies of the I~Threes are Superb!
*internet high five*
y'all Kennedy Center was a blast !!!
So I think I'm going to all him out
I could walk to your house and lay in the sun. :D
I'm GREEN with envy...
excuse me I'm still on my period.
PBS KIDS Leads February TV Ratings with Top Four Shows among Kids 2-5
I kinda need all the chocolate to keep me sugared up and sane. hee hee!
Alright folks, time for bed. Somebody fix the world while I sleep, I deserve better.
Chris Brown is #Dope (y)
2011.08.01 #Brewers 6 #Cardinals 2 | Seven in a row / Crew explodes for 5 in 5th / to keep streak rolling.
that not what the story says, it says he would be traded for #1 pick to Deron Williams' Nets not for Williams
If You Gonna Be Rappin On Twitter, At Least Have The Mouth To Say It FACE TO FACE When U Get Confronted -______-
YES OMG ON FX
Can this lady leave....like now?
Someday we'll look back on when the internet was both accessible and free.
Imagine that, MJD in second round ...
I got my life and career and school to worry about. No time for bs at all.
Gotta book my ticket soon to go back home... Can't wait.
Paint The Town!!!
The greatest use of your life is to invest it in something that will outlast it.
My Birthday is tomorrow!!!!! :)
Good Day All
Working on a dubstep cover of "a forest" by the Cure.
CALL: There's no power found in victory without experiencing the pain of defeat. RESPONSE: Give me the chance to find it.
Leading a tasting for Brooklyn Republic vodka... Free shots at Columbus circle wines and spirits
If you offer nothing, you shouldn't expect anytthing in return
Deep bow to & Eric Lawson specifically for great hospitality and interviews today in the sun in Chandler!...
My bitch Dynish Birthday is tomorrow.
Taking bets on Peter Onuf's choice of tie -- Will it be the Dec. of Ind. or T. Jefferson Portrait?
lol hell yeah .
You those dude's who don't have a legit comment or question, but really just wants to say something to talk ...From 12-1:50p.
missed you too, girl! (:
yes forever & always <3
i need more followers
most can't or won't #respect someone who utilizes their #creativity by calling them #dreamers, well dreamers turn them into #reality i am
Sneak peak of designers on ": see me on Fox 59 at 9:15! Showing some looks from a few designers for Midwest Fashion Week"
I think we are playing a party tomorrow night in Houston. I don't even know.
Crash I-205 SB before the #Gladstone exit is all gone...still left over slowing between the #Milwaukie exit and Gladstone.
I HOPE YOU GET DIVE BOMBED BY AN EAGLE ON YOUR WALK TO WORK
your the awsomiest persons I have ever met
Been going to sleep late three days in a row ha
At my house, cat claw clipping is *always* followed by catnip. Felix used to come running (to me) when he saw/heard the clippers.
80% of people dont use the word of knowledge ot evangalize!! Its sad how many dont preach about the word when evangalizing
just say no
Leo's last job was here at Baruch. I wish he was still here...
yes, ask Greg @ 941-232-6892. tell him you got his number via tweet.
thanks for the shout out! You guys rock on and enjoy the IPA!
We watching da game n he cum up here lickn us lol
Just wondering if I subscribe to Cosmo will I get the Cosmo for Latinas issues? I only want Cosmo for Latinas
I got exited about it & my mom had to kill da mood :(
Yes, it is hard core cardio!! Love it though...
im pushing through to a new level.. it feels good..
#iamsimon Keep on keeping it real! Holla!
Spillin while I'm sippin i encourage you to try it
Right behind ya!! Back in 45. RT : Back in the 317!
RT : "Hope for Haiti" telethon Friday night. Remember, autism doesn't stop at the U.S. borders. Let's continue to keep......
FREE SHOT! FREE SHOT! FREE SHOT! Buy a drink & get a free espresso shot!
I found it fascinating, Richard Neville said, I was intrigued by the mixture of entertainment, spirituality...
You Are The Shit!!! Your Awesome! Follow Me!!! Please :)
Wingstop it is........food for thought and my tummy....
HoeLies# 15: I'm not insecure.
My new year's resolution is that i'm going to eat healthier. Do you have one in mind yet?
hahaha. i think you may be right.
QUICK WHERE WERE YOU TEN YEARS AGO I was watching Vitamin C's "Graduation" on MTV and being nervous about going to middle school.
I am so addicted to #Twitter and going out in #Albuquerque !!
“: Shane duricko is probably having a hissy fit after he saw that dude shove Michalek” Too busy knitting and watching bowling
Happy New Year Everyone!
Leave it alone .
Way to go #Obama, thanks for finally facing one of the most pressing civil rights challenges of our generation square on! Let's do this!!!
stop offending me. I just wanna live my life unoffended! #cryfest2012 LOL
HA! No, just garden variety PC gremlins, but let's all just say it was the #SOPA blackout. ;)
Having 4 classes in a row with :)
#20thingsaboutme 9. I didn't like American Idol until made me watch it when I stayed with her near the end of season 10.
Sure wish someone would let me borrow their phone. .
lol, i want you.
put out some good #music & tweets and you shall be RT'd and FF'd accordingly. ;) I do appreciate the #shoutout, homie! Xoxo
Thank you! On bedrest after IVF transfer and so worried! Life is tough sometimes!
Congrats! RT Two weeks from today THE FOUR-FACED LIAR premieres on cable! Details to come...
South Dallas Swag was the Shit . Lol
Thank you my brother. I'll give you a call before the end of the week.
Who watched the #Grammy's last night? I'm lame and didn't...Highlight reel anyone?
a sneak peak of the new teen wolf.tyler as scott trying to stay calm while getting hit with balls.RT IF YOU LIKE
So awesome to have you on board
New solution for economic recovery, elect Tom Brady's right arm to be Treasurer. (Tweeted by the committee to see what Tom Brady CAN'T do)
sending energy and support!
"12 Play" is a classic, though!!!
Aha(x
wow MTM. That is a lot of rite of passage activity. So sorry about ur aunt, L will b great big sis, Congrats on work, cheers & xoxo
Mighty good look there
me too! SMH
this bitch talkin bout time to go to work.
everyone's a self-promoter...there are probably oil paintings of him too.
DO ANY BODY LIVE IN LINCOLN NEVER BEEN ??????
If promises are meant to be broken, they shouldn't even be spoken.
You would both remember the movie. He played a bad guy/crazy guy, but in a funny sort of way.
- Sounds good. I got your email. I will hit you back.
You got it. Good luck to your NFL team! Mine is the Saints...Who Dat?
Alaska Airlines, Row 1 or Row 6?
what exactly is your ff name? Haha i stick to millejac for that exact reason
Woo hoo!! : Yes! twitter hugs! RT LEAN ON ME RT : What movie is this quote from? "I don't have to do ...
we felt it too!
I blame for telling us to BYOB.
tonight at 8PM. Can't wait!
I just want you to love me like the world's about to end, baby.
Only from the heart Can you touch the sky. ~ Rumi
Haha! For sure!
Um, microagression on stage about not being able to pronounce names. I can pronounce them just fine, thanks.
she got holes in her draws 6 ft tall, tall enough 2 play b-ball
its alright i still luv you
Birthday swagger
I hooked up w/ a secret service agent when I was on vacation in Aruba. Hence I'm pretty much 1 degree of separation from this whole scandal.
a social movement to raise money for a local charity. The version is a concert supporting HF-Twestival!
Are you that man that I can trust; love; respect; be proud of; be with forever and not give a second thought of?
I'd love to chat... I've been thinking about the rhetoric of blues singing for my MA culminating project. DMing you.
we're out of the Information Age, now we're in the Attention Age.
Ringy dingy! It is a soup kind of day! Or maybe you want an Burger delivered? Call 1-855-HUNGRY2 or wehaveyourfood.com
why baseball is better then football: 9 diff chances to buy a hot dog, in football you have 1- half time, and good luck with the lines.
This makes my day!
best of luck! RT Just got off the phone with my new SAA mentor. He: really nice and cool. Me: awkward but enthusiastic. Thanks
they are out to get YOUK! I'm pissed!!!
Damn that's 5 on Amare...bad foul on his part
Just heard the good news that a friend's open heart surgery was successful and he is out of the ICU. Happy.
hahaha. sometimes i just sit on cl and read the posts. "man looking for single hot female to change his diaper" smfh.
move over Giambi, here comes Hammel! Maybe the world is ending tomorrow....
#TGIF everyone! This is #FF say hey to Friends #Jamaica and the
So we should all ride together for the gang vocals duh <3
#FollowFriday for the funnies.
umm. That's why you take them off before you go to bed. Who sleeps with socks on??? Lol
That's sweet, & a very interesting name too :)
Yes sir. I'm here with him right now. I'm at Cabo in Palace Station.
From the Muslim world, coffee spread to Italy, then to the rest of Europe & the Americas.
Aw tell her I said cunoooooot lol!RT : About to go see my Tierra n her boyz....yay!
Wars against nations are fought to change maps; wars against poverty are fought to map change -Muhammad Ali (thx )
nah -- self entertaining.
that would be great!
They were missiles that used one of Corning Inc.'s most successful defense products of the 1950s and 1960s -- glass-ceramic radomes.
0 of the Big 6 publishers will sell ebooks to Even tho they wld be legally lent to patrons via
Cool 3.5 mile run this am- all ready for the
Any tips for dressing in the corporate world and staying fashionable?
thank you soo much, im soo blessed great family and friends. We find out Friday when Rena is do.
#legoland so needs a zombie world in Miniland!
oh sweet! Ill see you when I get out of class
yo wats good home u still have the same email.
Happy Halloween to parents & drivers. Be careful out there - there will be children out and they can be unpredictable. Go slow and be wary!
Stop on by the Whole Wellness Expo in Vegas tomorrow. Free admission at 3500 Paradise. We have a booth there - stop by and say hi!
Lol what a brother cant diet..im tryin to get down to 205..and the wings are the prob
There's an exchange traded fund with the ticker "PBR." Thought you would be amused.
Just finished #c25k week 2 run 1 with #GetRunning – 29 minutes of exercise and 9 minutes of running. Next run: Wednesday 11th.
Man, I'm really hoping the story on MMAJunkie isn't true. You've worked too hard to get where you are. Good luck.
vote for Windows OS finally capable to do heavy weight lifting or backward compatible without loosing all plug-ins
just strolling
hit me up
hey trey..saw you followed my old account...this is the account i use now.....how have you been?
After 4 weeks of non-stop work- I, FINALLY, have a day to relax, slowly contemplate my notes from the weekend and put everythig into place.
Spring can't come soon enough!
yeah its been a ling time U didn't answer....abd yeah okay if U don't love them 😜
no have u?
mobiel application that allows you to take photos, apply 'artistic filters' to them and share them.
don't call my pumpkin I perfer catalope.
Lets Blues out www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
when will be here
I'm ready for #2012 to be the biggest year of my life
oh I DO feel special :)
then why you say it ?
having a final exam on the friday of Oaks day
A glass of red to numb the pain
we'll see - carissa's got me psyched about twitter! loving the suh stuff!
fab. i'll get the ball rolling asap!
i have a joke for this but it isnt appropriate for mixed company
I will see you there! The random sandwich and cookie will definitely not be the highlight of lunch.
The joys of home ownership: spent the morning learning plumbing to replace a leaky toilet… hooooraaayyy…
“: Graham still don't look right.” ya think...not gonna remember. Took him in once
feeling slicker than owl shit and not near as dusty
Sorry, FBI. If he had walked into "my" bedroom, I would not have made it to work.
CONGRATS TO JERED WEAVER!!!!!!!!!
Tryin To Do It To The Limit And Love It Alot....
I wish we would've did that trade to get ray Allen for OJ. At least we would've had a legit shooter
Don't forget to join 9Round at the Madison Mud Run this Sunday (5/19), registration ends tonight, so hurry and sign up!
#MusicMonday Need help with marketing and promotions to your fans? hit us up for more info!
Hi Jennifer!! :) How are you doing today? I'm busy w/book. Swear to God, this is the last round of edits. :)
Someone should hit me up
If there weren't douche bags... Would there just be douche all over the place?
Throwing random things at people & acting like it wasn't you.
Another afternoon at the pool, then dinner with at Firefly! Flying back to Indiana on a red eye tonight.
Thanks for connecting people with our content We really appreciate it.
As happy as everyone else was to see a champion, how sad it is for our staff that it's over! 3 years of prep to just tear it all down :-(
So many sore losers in Pitt. Love my #pens but flyers were better team. Suck it up. Stop with the crying. Playoffs are all about matchups
HEY MIAMONIQUE THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW... GO SEE MY MOVIE TODAY!!!
Grr. URL goofed up. Stay tuned.
My follower/follow ratio isn't where I'd like it, but I hope that will change!
Hokies with 2 HRs in the bottom of the 4th has tied the game 3-3. Still no outs as light mist now falling.
damn i need a kick back at byrons yo haha
Finally moving in on Sunday
Its a drink beer and listen to country music kind of day, all day
"Go for the moon. If you don't get it, you'll still be heading for a star." Willis Reed
good episode tonight. I have say it is difficult to call. I remember Melissa freaking out other shows. No surprise here.
thankss now i needa get to follow me ';D
cool cool lol :)
no problem! :) check us out if you ever need new headshots.
2008: kids was just bumping hands up. 2009: everybody tryna get a click. 2010:everybody want to be from a hood 2011-2012:eveybody shooting
part 2 is posted :)
Thanks for the follow! Love your website!
Damn Right!!! ": #HowToKeepYourMan101 if all else fails once again give him head it works lol #SSNation"
Here we go again! #nfldraft round 2
This girl is so fucking beautiful
happy record store day! thanks for supporting your local record stores and labels.
Interesting. But would adjuncts want to go out and start their own universities?
what's her handle?
my job pays very little so i had to wait some time before i saved enough and my father chipped in a little i had to pay most of it.
Sadly, I was so shocked by the event that wit failed and there is no photgraphic evidence. I shall endeavor to replicate.
that's the way to do it, little bro!
RT : If you own a bike in Cleveland, come out for the CRITICAL MASS BIKE RIDE Friday :)
Really awesome stuff. And thanks for the mention!
I have yet to develop the ball to do some things in life but in due time!
Nice work !
I have video tapes of me and on a robo trip when we were 16.
coincidentally that was title of my paper
thanks for following me
Thanks for the #ff!
Awe... one day later and I could attend.
The days of 'shoot us down'
The (very nice) MTA guys said to come back when rush hour was over and they might be able to get it then. Crossing my fingers.
Everyone have a great weekend and make sure to stop, and take a breather for yourself (as we say this mid-busy season.) ;)
Food trucks are at Carnival Cruise Lines Toys for Tots tonight
"We’re natural-born killers..." Really, ? I bet you're wearing a sweater vest.
What can she say? Siri likes her chicken. ;)
I'm in ghost mode all I do is sleep and eat
that would be nice
She will be loved....
damn...on the real, i saw u like 10 times with Mest, then i slowly lost ya when Mest broke up. Glad to hear your back!
Tragically, John Lardner never learned that JTF found him "very annoying."
wait till you see this blue sky video...
“ bouta die of hunger” no don't do it.
Goodfellas pizza with "it was a good day" playin is about as good as life gets.
People are having better experiences on mobile UI and transferring that experience back to the desktop.
": I might be a bitch sometimes, but I have never, ever lied to you."
I hate desperate ass bitches u look stupid....
<3 spoiling the ppl you know care the most, MAC$$$ doin it big, takin care of the ppl that matter the most!!! Newbury St-Boston-Friday
So close. Yet so charred.
New CandySwipe game comment in the #android market: "Overwhelmingly consuming & brilliantly addictive" by Waddies
haha! A clean/simple PowerPoint is a happy PowerPoint - that's for sure! It's easy to make things too busy
people shuy=t up wit the flashin justin thing...okaii we all get it okaii it was the past so shut up it anoyying
Definitely. Most institutes probably will post openings for apps in late 2011/early 2012. Keep your eyes on the twitter stream.
oh what show?
Summer Short Courses have come to an end. Our Fall schedule will be up Tuesday. Enjoy your time between now and the start of the semester!
Now my movie messing up...smh back to Pandora i go
getting ready for the first NFL playoff game.
“Nothing excellent can be done without leisure.” ~ André Gide
Ooh these playoffs are good this year!
I know people that love their droids but I've had an iPhone for 3 years and I will probably never have anything else…
FOOD FUNNIES: Knock Knock. Who's there? Wanda. Wanda who? Wanda have another hamburger?
looking through all the mail in my apt, I came across condolence cards. I do not recommend re-reading them.
March Madness! Come check out the games on March 15 and 16 here at our Express office in Rochester. We will be starting around 11am and goi…
follow back!
big meetings today for domenicos bday bash and upcoming parties
is live at the Fishing Opener all morning on ! Listen to him on with anchor !
Agreed! & bummed to miss this year's festivities! RT : Hey We are loving the tweets coming from #ccbas!
Not a bad way to put it. Content has to be useful to work, and must serve our readers and users.
I wish nights like these never ended
Come to a discussion about Mifflin with Alder Verveer on Tuesday March 27 at 7pm at the Madison Senior Center, get all the inside details!
watch THE RITE..scare the heck out me
Thank you, and Jeff !!
You and your bigotry can go marry each other, North Carolina. Well, as long as your bigotry isn't a consenting adult of the same sex.
Bed time so I wake up nice & refreshed tomorrow & finish 2 videos I have 80% complete, Photos, backgrounds & write a treatment... Busy Girl!
RT : : "Have a gr8 day! > Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness". "
thats cool so how was the appointment with your boyfriend huh
The fact that Sessions doesn't start us mind blowing
Welcome to the #BBN You'll have the support of the best fanbase ever! You'll love it here!
Finally admitting that this syllabus is not going to design itself.
My tummy hurts.
i want to see mib3
#ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls Who take pictures with their animals. ;D
DONT WANNA STUDY BYE
Congrats! That's awesome news!!
u can do it
I just want to go to sleep... 💤
... ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
Drunk, wait that's not a tweet.
bbyyy. text me when youu wake up, I gots to ask youu something. (:
Final score from the AT&T Center, fall to Oklahoma City 2-1. Full game recap on
actually email and we'll tell ya how!
Trying to figure out how to append something before something else. insertBefore() ended up being what I needed
Annie Polland remarks that the success of the Tenement Museum programs is due to the dialogue between educators and scholars.
Great and I hope to see you there!
“Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world... Same world.” -Wayne Dyer
#haveablast best shave I have ever had... hands down.
How dare you say it's nothing to me? Baby, you're the only light I ever saw.
So... how are u liking the military? lol
2 days until #TwitterBaseball Game # 9 @ Whitey Ford Field !
f the haters!!!! they mad..if u and chris were twitter beefing wit each other they would be happy!!!
I got a valentines already
Was switching around games tonight, so I missed the non-existent brawl in Dodger Stadium. Kennedy better had been avoiding Kershaw on..
#BrandCOS Getting lists of words or phrases regarding what makes COS special. Give us your input using these different words: (next tweet)
blogging about Google's newspaper digitization efforts at monroeinfoblog.blogspot.com
Hiphop lyrics on my mind: "I'm not sayin I'm Nas here, I'm just sayin rap's dead when I'm not here." The Crazy by
RIP Dick Clark
Davis was obviously pushrd
Sweet! RT #USMNT received a call from President Obama congratulating #USA on win against #ALG & offering support of the nation
I'm not sure if I'm totally blown away by the new nano news. I'm pleased with what I've got right now.
Hope #texan bad pass D doesn't come back to haunt them in OT.
But his drive into deep left-center is caught. We're headed to the top of 4.
Workout done! 
okay...someone get a sunbed with me? :)
loved finally meeting u boo <3
I would have welcomed "10 baby corgis explain why millennials are narcissistic"
Finally tuning into Jersey shore! Yeah
Learn all about and met then in the #momsFF Suite they've got some fun suprises for everyone.
love you too!!!
yes you are also a glass of wine!
way to go on your bike ride!
Coffee in Seattle is always fresh, and always delicious - come try some...
Over the weekend I got the book The Lucky One for 50 cents
Blade Runner sequel officially greenlit.
sounds good. you should swing by southern Indiana and do the same!!!
disagree with the article... what is left to say? Let it pass for the present. Fickell's silence is a good thing
Thanks for the RT Shannon. Such a crazy story.
Any word about Dr. Odell? I hope all is well, looking forward to his participation in the #SEAC2011"2 type or not 2 type"
NCVT bounced off of its low of .07 last week and surged to .27 cents within a week a 285% move!
you've got mail
Now available: VPS servers! VPS with control panel, and Premium shared hosting!
Follow today, new golf twitter
you nursing that elbow at the bar?
discordant-adjective discordant music sounds strange because it contains discords
Simple solution: Send Uribe to A and have Jansen switch roles with Guerra. If #Dodgers do those moves, they improve leaps & bounds.
hehehehe love you too bunny :-)
working hard to get to where i wanna be in the music industry LESS GO
at least I can say I stand for something; you and me we stand for something
Looking for an #arsenal win today and a Chelsea/Man U tie. I want the #epl season to be close to the end.
That was the single greatest thing I've ever seen on WWE programming in my entire life. just owned anything WWE has ever done...
#icantstandpeoplethat copying everything from my life. It's just bitch! you know? -_- Fuck them.
I had such a fun time last night with everyone! thanks so much for coming out.....
If you play #WoW and ur #horde. Message me so I can add you in game. Im looking for more LFR/HoTs friends. Heck even for pvp time!!
OnAAiR is sponsoring the 1 Million dollar prize for the hole-in-one contest at the Ryan's Reach golf tournament in Coto De Caza today!
I didn't bring it to you though lol
Call me crazy, but I'd rather makeout and cuddle then do all that sexual shit. That takes work... I don't like to work.
Roger Goodell is a smart man Finnegan is a thug and deserved everything Johnson gave him
going to explain?
You're unique..... just like everyone else
lol Ikr? I love her tattoo!
So bored!! needs to text me back!!
On Tweeter yA hello
Every day I tell myself I'm going to bed EARLY. But every night becomes one of the best parts of my day.
Also, as Dylan/Wilco fan, you may like "Simple Twist of Fate" cover by Tweedy solo.
Your Neice is Due TOMORROW !!!! :)
Big Ben’s guilt or innocence is not the issue for me he will have to deal with that
yall two are just so easy to love, it comes naturally :)
I'm the bull goose loony . . .
Agreed. But I wouldn't be surprised if they got a spin-off or something.
I Got A Love Jones For Your Body & Your Skin Tone
I'm still drinking the Kool-Aid.
gotcha understandable
You can think highly of yourself without being high on yourself.
what bridge is that?
I love barney girlfriend and that he is in love
Old books sitting around? WE WiLL TAKE THOSE TO! $$$
Happy Thanksgiving followers and friends!
Highly informed vs well informed… -
daughter-in-law, “Blessed be he of the LORD, who has not failed in His kindness to the living or to the dead! For,” Naomi #Torah 50/99
that's my birthday!<3 but, I'll be in Dallas for </3
Who cares.
Quote: "Whenever I'm caught between two evils, I take the one I've never tried." Mae West
I am just a grain of sand
I feel so popular today! :)
I'm afraid I'm pretty promiscuous with my apps -- especially those for organization.
But not in the city....Again!!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet he's my biggest inspiration and I love him so much. More than anything actually.
I hear a chinese woman cleans #levilowrey 's clothes...and that his grass is cut by Juan and Pablo. #levilowrey is an All-American
Tomorrows FRiDAY!(:
Final Colorado Girls Basketball Playoffs ThunderRidge 56 Cherry Creek 45
Psyched to be joining the team as Digital Fellow next week! What a great way to rejoin the world, post-#ITP style.
def didn't mean to retweet that stupid shit, but you suck nonetheless
Im gunna soak up the sun, im gunna tell every one to lighten up <3
should i be expecting a 'take notes eric church' sign at a concert soon?
Awesome. I'm going to Cairo in November. :-)
I think strategically how each solution fits the whole, but remember when systems weren't, just as often "learning" isn't now
ya haha your right I was watching a friend
Aw! Adorable!
Was told I look like by a guest today. I always wonder if they mean Lizzie McGuire Hilary or post Hilary.
I want my free cake!!!!!!!!! cough cough cough
I can't believe I passed my history semester exam, bueno bueno bueno.
idk im having a rough time figuring this person out tho, like i dont want to text them to much, I really want to call but im shy.
Find something you like or are passionate about. Its Freedom mentally, emotionally and in the future financially
Baby I fuxx wit u cuz of all the lil things u do:-)
Las Vegas HCG helps you lose 1-2 LBS a day. LABOR day sale 30% all orders over $45 - FREE shipping www.lasvegashcg.com
Just got home from anthonys night
Cannot decide on grabbing the fly-rod or completing the garden-)
Thanks! We need to catch up sometime, hope all is well with you
Trust me...
Listening to at the AG General Council preach on Haggai--good word!
I didn't know until today either. Seen him several times. A gr8 performer & personality.
had the best time at the tailgate..didn't even make it to the game! FAIL !! (Y)
I will b rockin the mic at the Indiana Ice game tonight @ 7:05pm! Come support ur local teams!
A slendid day to sleep in Dallas, Texas.... I'm outta here!!
The Clippers are the epitome of composure....(sarcasm).
I so came up with four configurations for high end computers, and gave each configuration a name (Smart, Intellectual, Elite, and Genius)
Taking time this season to give, not receive.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, And he said unto me, The LORD, before whom I walk, will send his angel with thee, and prosper thy...
A teammate says Lance Armstrong used drug enhancement drugs and it's Bike Week in C'Ville. Details on 19News Nightcast.
loved the poodle hair!
when are you announcing the winners of the #weddinginspiration contest on #pinterest? I can hardly stand the anticipation!
Got to witness #Discovery on the roof of my office. Truly awesome.
I got you
Enjoying surf & turf at the #BlueBloods wrap lunch party to end season two right.
Who's excited 4 this wknd's big game & the scrumptious game-time goodies? Tweet your fave #Superbowl snacks for $5 driving!
Hi Maxwell, I'm also in Philly- you can find us at Holt's Cigar Store on Walnut St.
FACE, nice lady, yer FACE
Every Sunday come on down to the Roanoke Rescue Mission because they need help. They would appreciate even an hour. #Givethanks :-)
somebody come thru for the wakey.
new blackberry ! hey hey
#foodiechats grilling tip - always clean and oil the grates before putting anything on the grill
That's not good D:
#ImAStanBecause eminem is an amazing dad
I have this week, and 3 days of next week until school is over! :D
I said that society is ass fucked. There's a lot of hypocrites and everybody is fake.
Happy Friday! Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assists you connect w/ users & understand how brands are perceived.
Palladium International House is on floors 4 and 5
Wunderground says 100% chance of rain. Bright blue cloudless sky says, LOL wut?
Watching St. Elmo's Fire....middle aged Rob Lowe is much hotter than 80's Rob Lowe.
thanks Tim:)
come on #Packers!
Long night..
Don't hate me, but I like the Application Frame in Photoshop CS4 Mac because it helps with focus on messy desktops.
douche bag.
The Saints are such a mess... First they had the bounty, now they have the possibly wiretapping... C'mon now on guys...
shawdiii lol umm I say it as I saw it if u wanna continue this I'd appreciate it if u take it off my page thanks
I just noticed that I have the same number of tweets as I have followers. Perhaps it's a sign that I should tweet more!
I'm back on the llano estacado. For now.
Wanna  up T-mobile! Glad I'm moving my services to AT&T 
Working on school stuff and bored out of my mind! :/
I love Austin Mahone and My friends miss me :( Sorry girls :(
I understood that it was all about the distribution network, so now my Q is, did Zumba go for it?
Volunteers needed 4 clean up & gardening throughout the park! Sat. Apr. 21, 2012 Enchanted Forest Elaine Gordon Park 1725 NE 125 St.
good luck you guys!
“: Yes, yes it will.. RT : ONE HOUR UNTIL THE HIGHLY-ANTICIPATED ANOUNCEMENT ! WILL CHANGE EVERYTHING!”y'all r killin me
Not sure why I like Sarah McLachlan. I like very little on her Pandora stream. Enya, Jewel, and The Cranberries? Ick.
BTW, you're mentioned in the project we're working on here. It's from and a secret. So pop back if you want a sneak peek.
for sure! my long lost friends 'Peace and Quiet' come by to visit me late at night ....
I had it as one word as first but couldn't remember if that was right so I changed it
I love this radio station. Led Zeppelin, Metallica, and soon followed by Journey. Thank you, DJ, for having great taste!
its a giveaway
Final Hours of the Cyber Monday Sale.
loved hanging out with today!
Who really gives a Fuck Damn
24 hours until the biggest basketball game goes down in ATL
awesome! Thanks for the info! I don't have cable (use Hulu) due to busy schedule. Will have to keep informed of such good deals.
That'd be impressive if you were referring to an oxford *shoe*.
Go like facebook page and get a FREE download of their song "Girl I Used To Know" more music on the way from them! :)
I hate having to choose a new ringtone.
"The only way to stop calvin johnson is to tackle him before the ball gets there" so true.
My hand itching.
So far my bracket is perfect I'm awesome
as of today I have spent more days on earth than jesus did, its a fact, look it up.
If you end up with crabs,be happy you're gettin some
I love watching people try to argue with a moron. They will learn soon enough.
Want to see the Discovery flyover from Arlington this morning? Long Branch Park and Gravelly Point are good places to watch!
For #Rent #HumboldtPark Apt Spacious 2 Bdrm 2627 W Division Hardwood Flooring, Small Pets Ok $900 #Cta Min to #Blueline walk to
#ImThatPersonWho wants to feel good about herself but I really don't know how to.
I'm hungry,tired, and mad...what a fucked up mixture.
Got a Poppa Murphy's pizza,then Trader Joe's.Twitter Y'all.
I wasn't alone. Who do you think took the picture. That would have been really sad....hahaha!
I definitely really like him as of right now, and I can definitely see myself loving him eventually.
You can run away with me, anytime you want.
"Prayer is my 5 minutes of time to speak directly to God" ~ Joy M.
Goodbye Detroit you won't be missed
'Justin Slays The Haters' Is he even old enough to buy anything to slay us with!?
Oh that was disgusting.
don't stop until you're done!
Awesome design background! good to see another MVC'r representing in SF. I'm from SIU.
i messaged you.. hurry up.. i need to wash my nappy head lmfao
The Washington Post story says a lack of information and fear is in part why black women die of breast cancer at a higher rate.
Nah, nigga. You're just blowing up my TL with bullshit, that's all.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Intelligence, a nice smile, a nice body, juicy lips, tattoos, "good guys", the way he dresses, scent, you and me :)
Who would have thought, 25 mins from Brooklyn, there exists a 3rd world country.
#Blizzard, you let me play the beta... NOW you tell me my graphics card isn't supported?
the trash bash was, trashy. Oh so trashy. Well I fulfilled my frat party requirement for my college degree.
The Brits have the best music.
#NP: Goblin x Tyler the Creator.
Enjoy and live life but remember there aré other people who live in it
ARRG! I'M SO SAD I MISSED IT. BEING SICK SUCKS BALLS!
Think I may visit the Bay area in Feb. anyone going to be around to hang?
This is a great post. When I saw the episode, I was horrified and repulsed by Tami's action. The ish is uncalled for.
Hahahahahahahahaah I do remember now .. he's funny !
Junior Seau&#39;s Death Brings Back Painful Memories for Bears Fans: A Fan&#39;s Take
How the hell was Jordan Taylor that far out of position on the B. Wood basket? A moving screen of course.
Jamesws - great talk on programming efficiency.
New song of the day "Don't Mess With Me"
“: White pants are in” I concur, Doctor.
Is anyone ever nice to ?
Watching the Vikings/Packers game and filling out a lease application...
#Derek, 's new TV show is not on air in USA,but you can watch it illegally online-like I did. It's not too good nor is it bad.
....and you have an awesome day yourself. Peace.
Happy Birthday today to MSG!!
I had the rather corny, stress-fueled realization today that I actually learned a lot this semester
#peopleiveseenlive the maine, this century, all time low, never shout never, the ready set, mayday parade, the summer set, artist vs poet
You guys it was a very spectrum day at the quilt shop, from crotchety grandmas to hipster craft moms. Wait. That's everyday.
#$houtout to my new followers
Random tweets!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY. I hope you have an AMAZING day. I love you so much (:
thank you for following me! I am looking forward to your updates.
on my way to the store
His number adds up to 7. He's batting 7th. He's playing left, which is 7 on a score card.
WIN COLUMN!
y do people think I'm easily distracted? OMG, SQUIRREL! NO, SHINY THING! NO, wait, what were we talking about?
no one gets remembered for the things they had, its the things we do, everything around you is future-trash, love more, do more
Late night Steak N Shake would seriously make this the best night ever.
"You are you and that is true, there's no one in the world who's you-er than you." Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss!
wsup wit it
Next up Jessica van der Stad of the Amer. Fdn. for Suicide Prevention and Dr. Steven Ornish of UCSD Dept. of Psychiatry
I think Return the Favor sounds like a Panic at the Disco song.
Inappropriate for the announcers to say that "Semin is all over the ice!"
serious??? Haha oh Americans r gonna struggle to understand me! Bikkies = biscuits haha or cookies for u maybe!
Black Keys concert tonight
hook up up
you guys know the song Hooker with a Penis was about ?
Confront your fears and engage Parade Magazine #Elvis collectibles!
Consensus is: 26 hours left until we have to choose the winner of New York. Tough competition, but we're feeling good
there lost lol your somethin else
#LakeShow Going Down Tonight!
how do you "pocket resign" in words with friends.
Some Justice when I wake up and I'm good to go.
TGIF - We finally have #Yankees Baseball to look forward to! ... Check out our "Five For Friday" feature on www.Chasing800.com #MLB #NYY =)
thank you this picture old
It's when I see pics like this one that I truly understand just how sexy Riley really is! #ICouldJustEatHerUp!
" Unbroken" is an amazing story. Is the film in production yet?
Got some great NBA series breakdowns coming from defensive specialist coming soon...
my lip gloss is poppin'. my lip gloss is kewl. All the boys be chasin' me after skewl
Follow Back
jump on a song then
#HighSchoolMemories Graduation day... That was the end of waking up early to use the brain. Thank god!!! I don't miss school.
Nighty night! Sweet dreams! 😘❤💤🙏
What an amazing day in NY!
Thanks for the great, healthy PRE-tan! Very efficient and organized and I LOVED it.
wtf who said that haha okay ill go but ill prob pass out!
oh. Lol you got my #?
funny how people don't wanna come around til the music starts rollin..
Being hoarse was what I was hoping that it would help.
Did you know that pyromaniacs are synonymous to hermaphrodites? Yeah, me neither.
Full of breakfast and lunch, which I ate at the same time. Oh.
Heading to the jeep trails early this morning!
love it! Learning lots, getting inspired.
A Little Kid Just Ran Up To Me In The Grocery Store And Said "Daddy"....
i wanna see the avengers.....
its a tool to help memorizing of your lines
yes! And I had that exact snack yesterday :) so funny.
I'll definitely be there, just don't be making crazy tie dye painted eggs afterwards
Disabled Google Buzz today, not sure why it took me this long...
TGIF! Is anyone seeing live music this weekend?
NY judge ruling. "Tweets are not your property but of the third party twitter, which can then be used in a court of law as evidence."
haha love it
I brought the much abused spider plant from home to work today. Hope it bounces back going from 2 cats/little light to 0 cats/full light
yes sr I see you with them Cutz on wheels bro we have to sit down soon"
you make me feel unloved </3 :'(
Whateva I'm f'n hilarious!": AWWW GROW UP! lmao"
I just saw you yesterday, and you're already in Wisconsin?
Agreed! We aren't really sure how relevant a re-release of a movie is for the rest of the marketing community.
I WANT THAT #EPIPHONEACOUSTIC SIGNED BY
It is my pleasure, love being connected to other artists. :-)
thanx.. and you did as well!
Hold on to the nights, hold on to the memories ♬
But not from my boobs lol
why do i always end up pushing the people i care for the most away? :'(
jet lag is great for productivity.
We make pizza at home and buy a joint gift like a fun kitchen gadget we both want. RT : What are your Valentine's Day traditions?
same reason the national broadcast team is talking like UConn is the favorite.
I remember MTV was all about music not Teen Mom, and Disney was all about Mickey Mouse&Tom and Jerry not dumb wanna be singer shows.
I had a Facebook since 2008. WHOA.
Hahaha she will send you a package... I just got one today that had shirts, pants and socks. ha
Auto text on tht last tweet
Thanks for making my b-day special. See you soon!
can't wait for your show in Minneapolis in May! saw the promo @ Epic niteclub last nite - nice!
screaming at eachover on the way to school and I'm just thinking 'its too early for this shit' -___-
Is it worth traveling 15 mins on the bus for a better weed deal? HELL YES.
Fucking shit. It's too hot. Why can't it be 62 degrees and cloudy all the time?
same here what did u do over da weekend
ya'll did great on the performance ! BabyDoll killed the stage in the dance off and the outfits were all that ! Great job !
Two suspected DUI drivers are lucky to be alive after an early morning crash next to CHP headquarters. We're live with the the latest.
just ordered my official copy of priceless inspirations...cant wait to read it!!! Heard it was definitely a good book...
Thank you! I am very happy to be part of the team at
Gravity still makes us fall.
RT : RT : Got itchy feet? Like to escape Melbourne's winter & study abroad? Check out the programs offered. Apply...
Phillip & Jessica in the finals my two faves since the start of the show omg c':
Chicago’s western corridor: btwn Western + Ashland avenues running nearly the length of the city from Howard Street to 95th?
#DesignBizChat this Wed. 5/9 10 amET - All abt Collaboration - creating it, making it work, using it to succeed w your projects - join us!
On a conference call with a chat window. Reading this makes me wonder if my company even requires a high school education...
#BoiseSOC Bieter: So pleased to say we have the first phase of the River Recreation Park fully funded.
people will still move to Fluvanna- they will likely send their children to private schools- of they can afford-a shame
Don't use colored envelopes @ Christmas. Letter might get mailed faster. Red & green envelopes have 2 be sorted by hand not auto
My home computer crashed.....lost everything
My style icon: Jeanette of the Chipettes
Luckily its too early to be a bitch right now; I'm coolin B)
Hello all my #kw family! If you are on the fence about #Imsd, get off! This is an amazing program! U owe it to yourself and your clients!
I watch tv on my site, so I keep it fresh and updated.
now I'm gonna get off twitter... maybe... possibly...
Jesus help me I'm losing my help I'm falling emotionally but I'm scared Idk wat to do bit I love u so much
We should catch a match now and again. It would be good times. I think Cafe Presse is calling.
DUUDE #LOVETHAMUSIC can't wait to
Seeing oomf constantly tweet right now is strange they usually only hve a few tweets at a time
Easy Monch! #GoPack RT : lets go Detroit they bleed just like you do!
Making Big Plans for our New Business Card Superstore opening in May
Really. Check em out. :)
getting artwork framed
#SEM10 #Jero #enka Super weird cultural aberrations and anomalies that fit your theories with ease; doesn't mean they should.
RIP Jonathan Frid. The original Barnabas Collins.
HERES TO ALL Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
How fo you want your day to be? I want happiness and laughter.
Stand your ground or they will tear you down
iT ENDED HOW iT ENDED ((iAiNT REALLY TRiPPiN DOE))♥
Up moving! About ready to go for breakfast! Thank You!!! RT : Checking on you today:)
IKR wish I could I don't think my name is going to be on there..lol
Rickie Fowler>>>> any other golfer
With the warmer weather water intake is up to 2+ gallons a day. Haven't had any soda in about 8 months.
Turn up the music and shut out the world
So my dads girlfriends daughter Lauren is really mean. I hate her. She has to be older than me.
Thank You, happy Friday!
#DidYouKnow that the strongest beer in world is 43% ABV? Speaking of beer, we’ve got $14 buckets of domestic bottles.
love hearing DJ Shadow interludes during this american life shows
I heart nigella lawson
was he with his crew? he has a rather beligerent posse.
is all about them Grands like a Grand Parent.
Bias sucks
Hey Cookie!
Turn that boy ETurner up!
I guess I never stopped caring, it just sucks thinking that you did.
HaHa! We'll pop a bottle at the opening my friend!
So far loving Sherri and the football player on Dancing with the Stars!
Stop! Just for a moment, clear your mind and hush your thoughts.
Game of Thrones - a new addiction.
only when its 4AM
How real is #realityTV ? Take a guess!
But add the other one
This should pose for an interesting work day..
I cant wait that long. =) muchlove
you know who is still here. :)
OK...so I am really excited about my #captainshouseparty. My supplies have shpped and I am ready to host..drink responsibly:)
RT : But really, people, "not choosing to feature on the homepage" falls somewhat short of "censoring."
i was informed of this so me confused
Going to Dallas tonight. Hoping to bump into :P
Always be ready to learn and grow
Life is good sir!
WHAT! WHERE'S MY INVITE! lmao
Feeling inspired by and this amazing day. Going to write some feel good music.
Why not plan early for your week hit up the Pavilion for Pavilion Thursdays! DJ D-LO | $100 Call Bottles| $3 Cherry, Grape & Loopy Bombs ..
It's #workwednesday - what are you doing for YOU today?
I am glad you enjoyed the show. I believe Jacky has a twitter account.
We in our own zone.
Just crazy out here at
OK. I've been having a decent number of people bail out on presenting, so I'm looking for utility players like you to come up big
The moon is huge well bigger than usual
Really liked Won Ton's story (yay shelters!) but am bugged haiku doesn't quite meet traditional definition. Your thoughts?
RT : Shannon Okey: For small niche publishers, drm is a bad idea
the large intestine is also called the colon, and it helps the excess food (the stuff your body doesn't need) leave your body.
I love how 's eyes read intense jealousy during ' MVP ceremony.
planning your retirement your senior year is VERY smart. The earlier you invest, the more you save.
RT : So excited! RT : A sneak peak photo from our upcoming Feb. issue by at !...
Thanks for mentioning the mansion photos. Always meant to drop a note but just now getting to it. How did you find them?
Love listening to old songs always bring back memories
"Surefire" has to be the most overused word in women's mags. It's like "very." It adds nothing to the article. Ban it from your writing.
#analytics2011. Having a difficult time hearing the txt analytics speaker with the Eagles blaring in the background.
Horford really helps that awful #Hawks hal fcourt offense. Thye should take that away and make Joe Johnson beat them
Can't get enough of 'Curb Your Enthusiasm'
A little bit of magic can be summed up in one word:
": Dwight Howard a Rocket??? Just Do it Morey" with along with Deron Willams. And Courtney as the 3rd or 4th option
Join us for #BWEChat on Wednesday night at 9:00. is stopping by to talk creativity.
out the way
It's time for Wade to go bananas if the Heat have any shot...
have fun!!!
Anybody else just lay in bed making mental movies of perfect scenarios in life?
I REALLY need to work from home. You guys could be getting kitten pix ALL THE TIME.
watching the exorcist with I HATE HER FOR THIS
You never know where you will go :)
Want to wish the best of luck to as he destroys Fit Finlay tonight, hopefully with a large amount of Lariats.
What's needed to get visitors talking to visitors social/mobile? Events to pump fuel into conversations?
thank you !:)
I love it!! I want one of this big belts!! Taa-daaaaa
I'm showing my age or lack of sports knowledge... But who is Juan Valdez?
Thanks so much!!
TweetDeck won't work for me either. =(
I'm a a dreamer of good dreams.
Aggravated thanks to my mom!
hahaha just hug him and never let go! ;D
The NHL announced today that Coyotes Captain Shane Doan has been named as one of 3 finalists for the 2010-11 Mark Messier Leadership Award
Thanks for the RT!
I might be in this parade.... PLus my moms gotta party to go to... I got this house to myself ...
Those is #NOLA for Jazz Fest & "For True" . Give it a buy and a dance. Happy Jazz Fest NOLA !
Tosa-come show your city pride at Milwaukee Wave game this Sun, join us 4 Tosa Chamber/School day 414-908-6338 4 ticket info RT
Yeah our Middle linebacker
Man everybody else is like tweeting to their moms like they're even on twitter lol I just treat my mom right always fool believe that.
Love me some good late 70's pop!
thanks so much. they really are a fantastic team!
Weary of policy on the back of projected revenue (since the city sucks at projecting), but if I must choose, new schools...
Had a great day today. God is good to me!
what what!!!
#paradise comes out 4 days after my birthday can u say best present ever!!!!!!! :D So excited!!!!!! ;)
Write drunk, edit sober.
It's hot as hell today but I like it
At a hookah lounge having a good time!
Thinks he just heard a white dude call some one Dudley, because he aint move when the light changed *Zooted*
You're doing some amazing, amazing work. Love your passion.
I have been plotting that reverse kidnapping thing for a bit. My ransom is too high.
I haven't mentioned it yet, who here from Australia ever watched Freshwater Blue?
Time to hit some people!
Trying again. Looking for fun downtown restaurant for date. Good food. Festive atmosphere. Nothing too expensive
This flopping has gotta stop
Watching Planet of The Apes
How are you?
If you're a manager and your answer is "People" when I ask "What do you manage?", you're probably not a very good manager.
I'm a horrible person, but a wonderful human being.
Backstage F/W 2012 with no models to shoot. Guess i have 2 wait for the doors 2 open.
Hahaha okay. Done!
I would like to be the one to open up your mind
boring! :p but i am tweeting, facebook & musicc :)
Facebook parenting youtube video is so out of hand that the father is having to threaten copyright on imposters crazy people out there
Niall's the cutest, Zayn's the hottest, and Harry is the handsome-est LOL . <3
Finally, good news: Dow closes over 13,000 for first time since May 2008 after 25-point gain on lower crude prices & strong consumer report
lend me Metal Gear for the weekend
i think i will upload a vid of me drumming on twitpic or maybe just stick to photos for today
I iz at werk but I'm sure my boyfriend will force me to listen to it afterwards. ;)
Can I have more info?????
wont let me tag....
How exciting and what wonderful weather this week for training!
I'm marcus brown, fitness freak and amateur gynocologist
with one e. With one e. With one e. Got it!
Arg. Sorry my account was hacked. :-(
From the hood book of #2Chainz All I do is turn up, I'm about to show y'al.l Early bird get the worm, I'm up way before y'all.
by the best producer, guitarrist and Arranger in bachata style, Martires De Leon --->
I caught clips of #TheBachelor episode from last night just now. So happy about my life choices.
hey deme's followers on a scale of 1-10 how perf is she really
Members Open House/Annual Meeting/Skulls exhibition opening starts soon! Welcome, members!
Excellent photoshoot today!!! Back to the studio for a late night production session.
Yeah, surprised this is the first time I've seen Meaning Of Life. Don't know how I missed it til now.
Fantasy drafters: remember 'alternate' positions when ranking/selecting players! Hanley Ramirez will play 3B, so will Miggy Cabrera,Gamel 1B
Turning in an old Xbox? Consider hard drive data, report says: Speaking to gaming blog Kotaku, a host of researchers said that Xbox 3...
Thank you for the email. Keep up the good work. Please follow back.
Yes; I am just that good at multi-tasking.
and your admitting it? =o lol
one day...one day...one day I'll have a game with Patrick Swayze
These #NBA playoff match ups are sick!
holla at me need to know whats up!!
Thanks! We're so happy to have found you all as well!
#idol - Jessica took a huge risk with her song but it paid off. She nailed the big notes and really aced the performance.
yo so tweet!!!
Hope to see you then!
work, work, work...
only in CA! so absurd!
I'm sorry, but that's just wrong.
You know I couldn't completely cut those ties! :)
RT till saturday!/: lol Can't believe the lil sis is 17 :') Where we eating at im hungry
Im sleeping today, and Im not gonna do shit...
Yes, there was no reason for Joe to tell Mel what his sister said to him, not cool.
#Teamfollowback help me get more followers <3
Friday Friday I'm so happy on Friday partyin partyin YEA!!!!!
Yeah I seen! But it's like they said "We need to be careful, they're a lot of crazy people out there". And I agree!
you'd be shocked! People also forget that Walt Frazier killed it!
Are you kidding me later?
Yup--adjusted cookie settings and a-ok. Yay. Thank!
I want it too
i think were being racist.. Nah
on what song sis?
Your the BEST!!!!! XOXOXOXO!!!
The neighbors they don't like me I got jays at my Dow , told my grand ion need a bed im sleeping on the flo !
Family comedy show outing! Did we just have the comedian call our front row table the cast of The Jersey Shore? Yup. Funny 'cause it's true?
S/O to these
Hey -- how fast can you close a home mortgage?
One to beam up
Is missing living in the South right now, because all I want is an XL SWEET TEA.
Love you too! And thankyouuu<3
Omg I'm so proud of my sister!! She's doing so good in school and it brings tears to my eyes that her dream is coming true!!
LOL they should :P
i love gossiping with , they make me lmfao
We'd like to wish owners Aaron & Jackie happy 2 yr anniversary
I'm sorry. I can't stop you from crying. Everytime i try it just gets worse
We lost internet connection during my online interview this am. There's a law for that right? Thx #FLA10 for gr8 confrnce
There's a farmers market today? I thought it was tomorrow ...
Nice nice... most of the TV cameras are behind you though, so low chance of you going national haha
It's hard to eat strictly healthy when everything is so damn expensive.
hahah yea I'm good. Omg today was TO funny though omg I can still laugh when I think about all of it , i love you guys <3
I want to buy the LaserLyte Zombie Killer.
that shits right
They should've gave Zimmerman the DEATH PENALTY. IF THE LIL NIGGA WOUDLVE KILLED HIM THEY WOULD'VE PROSECUTED HIM 2 THE FULLEST
I wear glasses after work for a few hours, & on weekend if I'm at home. Wearing contacts too much is hard on your eyeballs!LOL
I have no hoes....
of course! I've gotten as far as making my dream of a sandwich from Larchmont wine & cheese come true ;)
Chicken parm and spaghetti. Yum.
Starting early at oaks #winning , anyone else here yet.
All the things I really like are either immoral, illegal or fattening. ~ Alexander Woollcott
sorry I read that wrong. Do you want the band to call you?
Excited to shoot with International Fashion Photographer Marie Kristiansen tomorrow!
buying my first house ya'll!!! Buy something on ebay ;) help a girl out
is thrilled that I was contacted by the casting director for "Survivor." They are possibly interested in using me for the new season.
Today was honestly one of the best days of my life :)
N Milwaukee too small smh
WON the softball game she played in and is now out w/ the team. :D
Kinda glad we lost, better to lose now then in the NCAA. We'll be fired up and ready to go #BBN 🏀🐱💙
It is a slow news day when you have a psychologist on to talk about "normal."
The next time I replace a computer, I'm getting an apple.
Paul, don't tell me you're not a One Directioner!?
Message to all drug dealers.. The kicker who missed the field goal today , for the "Ravens", wants all ya got...crack especially ....
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Chess Pies (Southern style) on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
He's versatile???? RT : Why is he rapping he's a singer?
morning meeting inspiration
We are always looking to buy rare items or entire vinyl record, CD or music memorabilia collections. e-mail
All imma say is not coming down here for a while!.
Why are people asking if I'm Muslim? O.o do I look Muslim? Lolol I'm Asian & Puerto Rican. Wth.
Omg. cracks me up!! Crying right now from laughing. Haha :)
That moment when you pay for your coffee at Tim hortons and drive away without them giving it to you..
Huh these ppl never been here they need to let me order first
Chancellor of Kaya Henderson comes to the podium to testify
Amazing! RT : Turn on Espn 2 right now. Amazing soccer drama.
Taking out the garbage. Bag rips
First Day of Spring! Yes! It’s supposed to start getting sunny and warm, right?
Great week, welcome all the new Bonamour distributor teams! Remember to invite your team to Tuesdays Comp Plan Podcast.
Any #netde tweeps want to catch a great show tonight? Bronze Radio Return, only $15.
Dallas its a wrap!
I thank you for that. How are things over at SXM?
Dayquil liquid is the most disgusting shit EVER don't do it.
I'll grab a couple on my way back. It's rather well lit...
Job posting of the day: "Wanted: Flu Shot Greeter." Sadly, they want 1-2 yrs of experience.
Cloud computing is #5 on Yahoo's "trending now" list. Right below Roseanne Barr.
Who is OB??
Yeah Lebron won but he also made a kid cry.
I can't wait until I'm famous and get to be eccentric on twitter
Found out what Swish Tail is yet? ...
but i dont know what to do
It's only right that Joey Mack got like 16,000 followers last night
What are some of the key questions to ask the foundations in order to uncover their agenda?
MFAH has been studying documentation standards for cultural heritage to make new DBs compatible: Spectrum, CDWA, CIDOC CRM
“: Are you ready for some SPOTLIGHTS? #esif2012”
I do it every year the best of both I get to hunt more and help out people that need it
whats good people
RT : New prevalence numbers show we're dealing w/ a national emergency that's in need of a national plan...
I GOT THE CRAZY HICCUPS!!!
RT : I'm Gonna be in New Orleans in 2 wks. If you'd like to get tested for HIV contact
sent you a DM with the info!
My plans for today fell through. I'm a failure 😞 going to try again tomorrow
If My Body Were a Car.......almost every time I sneeze, cough or sputter.....either my radiator leaks or my exhaust backfires!
Now that I think about it, if I win, I could buy Greece. YAY spanakopita!
Ok Wait, Is Vinny On Ustream Right Now.?
damn, you must be a big time Bone fan. that's a bold statement. lol. I have been going back through their catalog a lot lately
Funds Available to Implement SORNA Programs via crimeinamerica.net.
#freaks I need some
Ohio State has again ascended to the top of the men's college basketball poll, taking the No. 1 spot in the API Rankings.
Laughed out loud at 's "marvelous" dig at
Oh! We'll be there! Get a hashtag going so there can be sweet tweetup action..?
Well said Fam. It's either Real talk or Nothing.
thanks for the mention. JF
Business Meeting then Cheetah for Lunch
Happy Birthday Man. Celebrate like a CHAMPION
People! Put down the mouse. Hang up the phone. Step away from the easel. Get outside. Enjoy something exquisitely mundane.
At all times I rock a bracelet that helps me stay positive. On the front it says "Celebrate All Wins." on the back, it says
please follow my your
I just get the head outta life. And enjoy it .
if you know any healthy good recipes please feel free to show me. Would be delighted talking 2 u Xx ~ Cathy
Trying not to get irritated....
I'm a straight up
Are you okay? I feel like you're changing...
Awesome! Love me some Hitchcock...
Gotta catch 'em all.
yo, happy birthday
The best thing about being apart of a #snparents community .. is you know they will have your back.. and make sure no one takes advantage
Some days are blessed by meeting wonderful strangers. Some are blessed by being together again with family. Today was blessed with both.
you've given me the courage to confess. so am i. thanks for being the one to take that first step!
Just bought my ticket to NYC to attend the #AfroLatinos Now Forim November 3rd-5th!
yes ma'am.
My dad just walked in on Tree of Life and asked two things. "This kid have visions?" "They don't say much in this movie"
Hi Everyone I'm On Add Me On Skype justingroce1
are you going to the nick jonas singing @ 6?
HEY LOVES! GO MAKE A REQUEST FOR A MUSIC VIDEO OF THE DAY! HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET you know you wannnaaaaa
#terranova is boring.
dats how we acting,? bet up
Outchea Early Making Moves; My Timing Is Good Today !
yeah i know, come over
I LOVE DANCING WITH THE STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO JENNIFER AND DEREK!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE VOTE 1-800-868-3411
HEAVEN OH YEAH Club Paradise! YEAH! :) im a little hyper. just a bit. :)
The rules of soccer are very simple, basically it is this: if it moves, kick it. If it doesn't move, kick it until it does.
Pinkberry #NOLA welcomes to New Orleans! Please stop by for a swirly treat! We are located in downtown accross from !
Earlier, I told someone "I have to go #2" and he told me "Too much information!" He must have a really small brain.
you owe me the dub
LOLOL AFTER TODAY, I THINK ITS THE ONLY WAY YOU'D UNDERSTAND. >:P “: Don't yell at us”
Baby girl LOVES Yo Gabba Gabba (and so does Daddy). That is all.
