Your girlfriend shouldn't cheer when you just double faulted.
Eighties cover bands are classic, good stuff
Affirmative! RT : is Ryan Smith a Ginger? This small fact will sway my vote for Day 5...
RT : How did #Marketo increase lead form conversions by 4x? They set up shop at the B2B Marketing "Water Cooler"...
hi sorry I got your Tweet late.....I'm fine how are you?!
Just squatted, lunged, and sprinted the sh*t outta my legs. This will feel awesome tomorrow 😖
:) imy how's the army life?
You make me smile<3
I'll let you know what I choose! :D Which one do you really want to learn next? Portuguese? :)
indeed! lucky to be working with them...
I HATE BEING SICK!!!
Were playing at a skating rink tomorrow in Arab, AL! Mosh-n-skate all night long! Alabama, get there!
N & R Crime Watch. Best detectives in the neighborhood.
I loved your question, just shows how much the #arts are tied into
Hamilton back ino Rangers' lineup
Accent lighting is where the fun is to be had,it is the accent lighting that creates the interest,focus and contrast within the room
another labor day: school starts tomorrow!
so my ex just re-activated his facebook.. nice.
Green is wat? good... Compost is cool!
Working on my social media policies research project and enjoying my favorite cafe vanilla at CBTL. Does life get any better?
lol just like ur tv ad :)
Ladies I love you but I need some testosterone on stage immediately!
Now there's the hard-hearted Princess I know and love. <3 But srsly, we'll see how NYC goes!
Just finished filming a short film and commercial! I deserve a 5 minute nap!
Malibu is beautiful this time of day w the sun setting...wish were all here to experience this. Love to all on this glorious day
can someone just kill me now
Little motions can make big movements
Would you rather be right or be happy? Would you rather win or be in love? Don�t think about how to forgive, think about how to love
thank you so very much for being you and such a dear friend xoxo
Sports is whats gone make my money
imma give u a childish gambino
HIMYM is on in a few minutes...Woo Hoo!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 77
Welcome to my life, 2 little sisters!
Some team in blue and some team in white.
Goals have been reached and new goals are now set
She is so fake don't ask me for Nothn k thank u
how are you?
*yawn* April fools day huh ? Smh
Incentive importance for content makers: 1) interesting/aspirational brief 2) brand/idea 3) cash/prizes
WOO you're swinging hard today.
#YEE I got nominated for homecoming:))
youth isnt over yet
#1DFacts THEY ARE GAY IDIOTS!!! But that's why we love them :*
Bop. Night kids!
no, nothing like that!
Woohoo! is coming to dinner tonight.
RT : Mike interviews Douglas Leone, Sequoia Capital managing partner. Long view. #TCDisrupt @ DISRUPT SF11...
first year without my mom R.W.G. on this day Happy Mothers Day to all hard working moms out there....everyday is Mothers Day to you
we are doing greatt(: how are you doing??
VERY special thanks to #RIT and the Computer Science House for your continued support of It wouldn't be possible without you!
naw it's not. Its the flagship store right next to corporate. But anyways you still got your bike bro?
assistant junior intern chief?
Itd be nice if my white shorts weren't see through
We have crickets living in our Don Powell Theatre? They are cricketing away as I type.
covering #Virginia #Maryland? You're moving on up in the world.
We're going to pick a game later this season to sell out. We can get at least one more in. Probably around mid-season.
Author John Trimbur ("The Call to Write") will speak @ 9:30AM session on teaching/theorizing language as a local practice
yeahh...can't come soon enough lol, we don't finish until June
..safe travel: )
Im glad my wife is going 4 R.N nurse cna is hardwork R.N. is all good. Im going 2 support my Wife & help her 2 be a R.N.
Breast Cancer Walk :)
I fully understand gut check revulsion to SBC but I'm want to wait and see because I want a Mercury movie that's awesome
I heard voting lines are busy, and even abc's website is taking forever to load! Ugh.
What she needs then is a brain, a heart and a testimonial that she is smart to be with you.... You're off to see the Wizard...
I am not scared of lion, tiger & bears but I am scared of loving you
I'm back! What's the Planzo?
gets my vote.
#LAK12 was an interesting conference, but today's summit was the icing on the cake.
I do it over on FB from time to time, too. You never know when it might happen....
Thx for the video posts. Fun piece, right?!
Money grows on the tree of persistence.
I just shot an unauthorized self portrait
"'you’re so hot', i whispered as i took my plate of food out of the microwave"
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #startups because...I wanted too
aw i know babes
have free good ones! Boo
“: haha.... I would say so, and I'm sure u'd agree #letsbereal” touché Bellamy, I think it's due.
I mean seriously! Jeez people poppin them out left and right!
gotta go, boarding time. Good night... Hug the pups.
Duke knocks down the 3.
reflecting on sniper's life and death. remembering the time with a newborn in arms, but guns at the grocery. expecting more from humanity.
now u making me feel bad:-( How could I not know its chaz I was rushing crazy
Some people should eat makeup so they can be pretty on the inside...
Been at work since 5:30 😏
really awesome job this week! Your heroic work did not go unnoticed... Many thanks!
Bwahahahaha! Yes I am :P. You sir are hilarious! Hope your day is going well!
is this you Lore you look beautiful
Woah Mexico City! #noconfioenunamujer reminds me of
Make it so! :) RT : we need to "lift as we climb" and support other women! via
Someone come over and clean my room for me please.
Yay.. I get to spend my last day of school babysitting instead of going to the movies... :'(
#np Danny Brown Guitar Solo
change the thesis, then
Play is CNUV MEGA RUNNER COMING
That is crazy!
Is anybody planning on being at the Sundance Producer's Labs next week? Let me know so we can catch a drink and chit chat.
MT : If having a bad day, remember that today in '76 Ron Wayne sold 10% stake in Apple for $800. Now worth $58,065,210,000.
Do u really love me? Or was it a lie
my credit union is getting that soon.
14th Final Four appearance! #rockchalk #FINAL4 - LET'S WIN THIS THING!!
Election Day is less than 6 months away! Change can only come with your support!
La Gitana brought out the tabla of torture out again tonight in class - sounds really good when you're in compas, but really bad otherwise.
Is it Friday night yet??
My bad! Figured he'd be hitting the bathrooms by now.
YouTube video coming today and I gotta lot to say about new Benoit flick
At cyc with anna, paige and hope.
What happened?
Always thought if I owned a bar I would open Thaxgivg night, do geek trivia and do a weekly Rock Paper Scissors tournament. almost done
thank you Amber!
@ Maceos throwing down with Baretta and the Rollexband! Fun hit. Then it's home to work on some songs I'm producing with
AP: Marine Corps to discharge sergeant for Facebook postings criticizing Pres. Obama
Im so grateful for healthy groceries!
Bill Clinton and Ron Burkle... What a match made in heaven.
Can't sleep
Sleep well! Will let you know tomorrow whether I got the hook up or not!
Happy to have your follows. Following you back:
just took me back!
Thanks for the support!
#Brooklyn winery, followed by brewery? Yes, please.
One day when you retweet me I will cry and will die happy. I love you #mothermonster #monsterforlife #muah (:
Courage is what it takes 2 stand up & speak; courage is also what it takes 2 sit down & listen. ~ Winston Churchill
Thanks in no small part to the beers you import! Appreciate the shoutout, and can't wait to see you at BV again!
This week we are at three locations and maybe four! So #followus and find out what's next!!!
Death is the road to awe
how are you?
gotta make up our mind. oh us play play play all the same old games and we wait wait wait for the end to change....
He looks so grown up here:)
No #PMA, but I am going to watch Johnny Cougar in BG Saturday.
hahaha, pj incident but also err can't remember the author
#NeverTellAGirl shes ugly or point out her flaws
im talking about the Mayday march by the labor unions, which was intercepted by Black Bloc and dozens of cops.
Twice I've had to show irate patrons the program they want isn't here because THEY didn't read the announcement carefully.
what's good, did you get my text ?
been a busy but great weekend here :-)
So the new 30 for 30 series is gonna have a movie about Bo Jackson. I can't wait to watch it. Some of the better sports docs ever.
Don't hold nothing back..... If uu got something to say then juss say it !!
im liking it,get hines in next head&shoulders commercial!
I definitely will! :)
Watching avengers lol !
RT : If you think invasive sonograms for pregnant women are great but TSA pat-downs are treasonous, get your Rand Paul 2016 signs...
if you're a soon to be college student and Penn State offers you a "full ride", be sure and read the details.
Probably worried about Kobe... ": Steve Blake: "Once it left my hand I knew it was a little bit to the right." #WideRight"
Your call...fair? RT : what do I win when he loses?
How's Your cousin doing, Bro? INSHALLAH, Sab theek ho jayega. How's Gurgaon, and Delhi? Hope You are having a good time! :)
it was suppose to be a surprise..
WISHING AND HOPING MY DREAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE (: <3 6
Why did I schedule my dentist appointment for 7:30 this morning again?
I guess it's Friday. Kind of feels like Monday.
maybe kissmas bash
A pair of Jeans that fit just right...and the radio up!
I live life for Good Weed , Good Days , Good Nights N Good Head !!!!!
This dude is the truth ya'll!
Texting my Bestfriend and some more folks , hmu ?(:
Wake up and smell the coffee! Did you know that 1 cup of java(yes the kind with caffiene a day is good for the heart! Yay to Moderation!
Visit www.protectinfantsnow.org and help us stop infant meningococcal meningitis. Please Sign our petition while there.
Its about time wku turned it on.
#Bubba wins the Masters on "The" Master's Sunday!
#raw10 U r Ghetto: if your Lawn Chair is n Old Couch. Same couch your people took of u as a baby laying naked on a stolen Holiday Inn Towel
I've only waited 15 years for this poster. If they are gone b4 I get to the front of line... Well let's pray they aren't.
Thanks, better follow me bc Im following you lol
every one go follow for amazing tweets! They're amazing!!! <3
Could you, would you live in Maine?
not sure. We'll tell you if we find out.
Ahh if I don't win at uno I will be angry
Life is what you make it thinking Good thoughts and talking to God helps
I wanna get some Dre. beats tho.. Anyone wanna buy em for me? before I go and spend my hard earned money on em.
Boo! I'm back to NYC tomorrow. Next time we make a plan AND I get to meet sweet Gemma.
"ugh soo much to tweet.. But I cant" #madhooprobs addicted to twitter
Where can I read it now? It looks fantastic!
glad you finally made it to 's atr!
wish u were on d cruise
Good to hear from you! Looking forward to your posts
iight bro I'm ready
Josh Turner, Love and Theft, Trace Adkins and Keith Urban at the #countrygirlsheaven !
Just ate some peanut m&m's
money was not CREATED to make u happy. It was created to allow u to sustain life so u could FIND what makes u happy
My big Brah just KILLED it at the Irvine Improv. My stomach hurts!
Of course it is, are unemployed, home is the only place they can make jokes.
Tights Spot Kisses!
he didn't do it, but he was hit in the face with a lifegaurding tube and the metal cut his lip
lol packing light is a difficult skill to learn. :)
:) right. would u send ur kids 2 pub schl if u knew they werent good, just 2 send them 2 pub schools?
Funny opening montage at NBC.
Awesome, #Ochocinco with a TD, I knew with Branch out he'd get time, but what a great play!
Hi There! Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to hearing more from you.
congrats to you, investor of the year-- and thanks for being a believer!
U will emerge a stronger warrior
“ She works hard for the money! >>>> RT Just did 13 1/2 hrs n gotta wake up in 6 hrs n do it again #Damn” lol
Beat me to it :( RT : I'm not saying I'm in a #Lottofrenzy but I'm THIS close to buying Soulja Boy's plane
Three days until Pittsburgh and a much needed vacation.
go home?do you think people live round the corner from the airport? Sort out your call system. Never heard of pre-planning??
Loan or permanent move?
I gotta write 4 blurbs on mtn biking today for Table Mtn Writeshop job, and sew a banjara belt and start a pendant. Ready, set, GO!!!!
What an incredible weekend Ready for more!
“Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hey r u & Triple H still friends? I mean after that wrestlemania match with The Undertaker.
Kurosawa's Shakespeare epic "Throne of Blood" is screening at the tonight at 7. On 35mm! Dig it.
Thanks to , , , and for welcoming me to my new position at UCF. CenterNet signup #1 on my agenda!
listening to I Break Horses and M83 all week in preparation for the concert this weekend!
Come through Pal's today, and you might just catch this Sunday's version of Pal's Idol. Starring CJ Hyder & Matt Neal.
why, thank you! :D
Sometimes needs should motivate us to pray. Think of Hannah wanting a son in 1 Sam 1 & giving thanks in 1 sam 2
i did just cry watching #teenwolf because I thought #stiles was gunna die.
I've forgotten more than you'll ever know...
Re: UCD #protest "With gr8 sadness I watched the events of last Nov, but my concern is about concrete steps moving 4ward." ~ Senator Wolk
Thanks so much for RT!
it can be your post-orals celebration book while you contemplate the diss
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
That scene played out between you today as adults is great stuff. In context of Greg's blog, I suspect crimes were committed.
Happy #internationalwomensday! Cheers to all the ladies out there making a difference and shaking things up!
Shout-out to he ain't crazy ladies.
Mine is 1. Barkley 2. Bray 3. Wilson. I really don't understand how you have Barkley 3rd
I'm in talks to get a gallery started up!! I need to focus on the future
Cab driver and I are listening to the
I don't think I could be happier with what the did! Instant pass rush
Someone better put that Tool S. Bayless on suicide watch!
Thanks Brown girls! You guys rock! Awesome volunteers :) too
Anyone wanna just.. escape? I do. looking forward to next weekend.
LOL!!!!! I can see you doing there!!! I've done that before. There's a tall, pale, handsome guy that lives around here...
what it smell like
I Am What I Am is still TT number 1 <3
is competing nowadays w/ self-publishers more than Amazon as publisher...
prob just a fatty lypoma...some dogs getem wen they get older. Just hadda get one taken offa my buddy...usually nt serious
interesting i'll check it out RT : The location is very nice -
Sorry I missed it. Never heard of those lunches before. Will track.
i am now following
When is the best time to tell someone you love them? Answer: Before someone else does.
"Get on your knees..." Oh, so now Johnny thinks he's Jack Swagger now, too?
elephants weigh too much, like do you think elephants want to be fat or skinny or are they all big boned or do they have a goadualler proble
Will record it. How do find the energy to be the voice of District 3 24/7?
And more eye-pleasing visuals and CGI? Good lord the show is visually stunning. I MUST own the BD.
Plastic Chopsticks w Case Black KS6B - Best Price Chopsticks for- chopsticks case
Common sense in Washington? What a novel concept!
Tonight! Have to catch the rerun of Shameless! So peeved I whiffed on the season premiere last night.
Wow these past 2 days I've literally only got like 10 hours of sleep. Thank god my summer starts today
Ryan! What's up stranger? How are you?
#10FactsAboutMe I'm really lazy 
I jealously guard my 5am to 9pm S-S schedule as well.
Watching Sec. Arne Duncan on Colbert. I support the Ed reform and say it's long overdue.
Recording the new album could begin this summer!
Steelers released ? Better drown my sorrows in espresso.
You're absolutely right about Stephen A., he's one of the biggest ass kissers in the media...with his rat looking ass!!!
Today epitomizes the reality that the media doesn't understand anything about #RonPaul and deliberately chooses not to learn
Follow Back !
you are welcome anytime! Bri posted it on her fb wall. She and I are only #crc ers.
"Matt's flirting with Kyle" "No I'm not!!" "Hes having a bromance" "no it's not!"
the only game that rewards people for sucking dick
good call
Can't believe that I can't find #Blossom tv series on DVD at the stores!!
aww your mom must be proud to have such a great daughter like you (: ♥
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
On the bus to nh w/ He is reading his hebrew prayer bk while i read my bk abt rise of ancient christianity.
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang | 80's Alternative Music, Movies, Games & More | 21+ | No Cover | Happening TONIGHT | 9PM - 1AM |
i actually really did LOL right there.
are you going to the Google event tonight? Mebbe catch you there?
Sending many prayers and wishing you a speedy recovery much love Patrice!
with ya
Twitter updates iPhone, Android apps with search and notification improvements
RT : Great idea! Thank you for the tweet. I just don't know what idea you mean.
oh hey best friend guess i missed you today...
I'm building a Hug Wall launching later this week...in case you have any photos of great hugs you want to share!
Annoying that I can't curse online cause my bro will snitch
On this date: In 1012, Theophylact, son of Gregory, Count of Tusculum, became Pope Benedict VI, succeeding Pope Sergius IV.
I was wondering about this as well. I'm thinking that Seiko will have to tighten up the spec.'s for the 4R35.
ok good :) I might really need it if people show up aha
You should break the tension by serving up a bucket of BL Nums on ice to both Karl & the kids. Maybe some Loco Ds for apps.
Define good? ;) It will be all in good fun. Is that good?
Potter getting kicked was kinda funny. Lol
Watch out for those DMV people, troublemakers, everyone of them.
In my small world, I consider that hubbub :)
Rot in hell mofo!
i know, im excited b-rad!
Where is my Pretty Girl I'm missin my link. :(
I liked it! it was oddly sort of slow. also well-done.
Want to advertise in our "Summer Camp" issue? Now is the time! Deadline for all ads is March 10th! Contact:
RT : The Yellow Leaf Cupcakes now at "Bedlam" at 2nd and Bell. Excellent new shop, amazing espresso!!!
i love nice people☺
You could lose your faith in music or lose faith in your friends, you could lose your faith in breathing.... But don't lose your faith i ...
RT: Im a full fledge killer Bitttcchheess!!!! P.S I love baby Jesus lol really
someone, somewhere, puts my name into the system with an 'o' instead of an 'a' -> months later, i am charged $200 for immunzn noncompliance
smkoke wit today
great thought!
I am playful as fuck right now.
crowd was great in section 9. Seemed real loud overall, don't think they wanted to see another loss
On CBA. Nichols says identify critical issues for our schools. Make changes, don't promote one agenda.
The study also showed not much diff btwn a/c on and windows up, and a/c off with windows down.
just can't help it , are destroying my life ?! -.-
Agree! Tweet of night RT : I don't mean to be a jerk, but I think Aoki might have a better command of the language than Gamel.
I assure you, it's safe for our office. ;) Thanks for the link, listening now!
Time for Digging Through Documents Word by Word with Debra Mieszala
Elway: Need to be better when people spread us out.
You know how I do!
O hell no!:o
blaaaaahhh! Dang it! We waited outside the grog shop till 12:45 haha. We got front row though and I sat on the stage hahah
Thanks to Automattic, the people behind WordPress.com, #THATCamp Bay Area will be held at their space on Pier 38, SF. Oct 9-10.
Pickup Line: If you and I were Squirrels, I'd store my nuts in your hole
I will be djaying tonight at the Union in westport with for our monthly night. See you there
just pray they avoid Poe like the plague.
hell ya
no it. Comes. On in. The morning
you don't even know...
friend me on facebook childofgod169 at gmail !! thanks
thanks for RT- hope you are great
Loving the people who want Weeks benched for a while. He has a .211 BABIP and is one of the best players on the team. You don't win w/o him.
is that #12 at Whispering Springs?
oh i promise you i will
I didn't understand, what would happen, how much this one moment, would change the World. I was only 5, I dont remember much.
what's scary about the neighborhood is that I didn't even think to ask?...lol!!
Its principal affect on insulin is driving fatstorage, that increases risks of over 70 different modern western diseases
In my younger days.
is love is to meet two people talking?!!!!! If so, I reject it!
ALL THE GIRLS STANDING IN THE LINE FOR THE BATHROOM --Abraham Lincoln
Why do we love when love seems to hate us?
Has a full 6-pack, but lacks the plastic thingy to hold it all together.
love it. I might have to join you in making some. Though, then could will still label them Zuni? :)
What would a Martian say, looking at our planet argue about allowing accessible books to cross borders
MAHONE IS A BEAST
SUPER EXCITED FOR HOMECOMING TOMORROW!!!!!!! :D
if u do another conference (West Coast?), I'd love to share perspective I've gained from an edu doc I'm filmming.
Friends, Adrian Peterson, star running back of the NFL's Minnesota Vikings, just tweeted and Facebook posted about !
this city is the cradle of the modern riot
I find it funny when yo ex b tryin they hardest 2 jeff wid chu,
you're so pretty! i wish i could be as pretty as you!
We can tell which team has some poise.
I'm so tired and I hate when its cold in the mornings!
u dont like to b alone
:" Hm there’s a lot but I got to go with Rounder’s Soundtrack." -Phil D’Auteuil:
Hope Everyone Has a Great Day......
hahahah he asked me too I walked out right after you
The bosu ball and kettle bells are my friends. Really, they are but secretly, I'm not theirs. Worked out
Seattle in two days. I've never been so excited to go someplace that's 25 degrees cooler.
hey "girlfriend" hahahah--yah Good thing you cleared it up with John
Stupid SUPER GLUE thank goodness for lol life saver haha!
Activated new SB6121 modem & get 22.27 & 4.11 Mbps. Upload is faster, but down is slower than old SB4100. Is that right?
The chipmunks movie is playing on repeat. This may be my last day alive
If I lay perfectly still in my bed the murderer in my house won't kill me.
Since Lil Wanye decided to push back the release of The Carter IV, he came out with a new mixtape, Sorry 4 The Wait.
Just a reminder to rate the tracks by clicking the "thumbs up/down" on your player... that helps us decide on playlists! :)
sure, but I'm only in the morning plenary, no room left in the afternoon workshops :(
My passion for Justice and Civil Rights have been fired up by the media to come through with this NAACP thang comin
Aaargh. Program review. That is all.
Yes I am! What is your all time favorite place around Milwaukee?!
my little ones! :)
; "I'm just sayinn' you could do better .. Tell me have you heard that lately."
Sorry!!! Call me back!
my song to my crush Perfect Two by Auburn
We were so honored to be nominated. Thank you. Super excited for The Hub.
This shit is crazy. Terrorists in Chicago nshit.
Whats more romantic than a four course dinner with wine & sake pairings?! Let Chef Justin Carlisle pamper you with deliciousness tonight!
Please Stop Giving A Faq.
RT: : "A balanced diet is... a glass of #wine in each hand!"
Word of the day: Ennui. Also: Pollen.
Lets see, what else? Wicked, Guys & Dolls, Wizard of Oz, Little Mermaid, Annie, .... Hairspray, Little Shop of Horrors
No more battery backed cache, flashback write cache across whole line.
ok I'll trust ya :-)
"Cabin In The Woods" was the most entertaining movie I've seen in years. *Years*.
I didn't go very far, & it went so-so...the snow is to deep for my snow tires
What a long day !relaxing now
"remember when" we were little and we always fight over the front seat..well I'm still smaller than u. I own this seat homie(:
Today in <than 140: "Everything was fine w/ our system until the power grid was shut off by dickless here."
cookbook signing today at 3:30 till 5:00. Holiday cheer included!
is a really nice place!
just yourself. We got eggs, just need bacon
Two hats were hanging on a hat rack in the hallway. One hat said to the other: 'You stay here; I'll go on a head.'
PREACH. “: Too much to buy & not enough money!! :((”
Long day, but I have made it. Less than 24 hours from now, I'll be done with my first year of college.
likes men
Cic tonight baby
www.createspace.com is where I started. Basically free to self publish if you know how to format/do some graphic artistry.
clearly you don't spend enough time listening to underground stuff. that's pure garbage.
very welcome!!
The Dispatch station on pandora radio.
We have a nice selection of Tokyo Milk fragrances in! Check out Dead Sexy and Let them Eat Cake. Super yum!
yea um I don't have any cowboy boots. Levi jeans and plaid shirt yes. Lol.
Harden would look really good in pinstripes right now. After cc who do they have?
omg dude they look new wtf xD I thought you meant like beat up shoes with holes and stuff lol
Celebrity sighting! Just got done seeing The Hunger Games & spotted winning her own hunger game in an Italian restaurant :)
I'm exhausted! P90X kicked my butt last night! But I'm done 6 pounds in 4 days!
My tweet was poking fun at a recent brouhaha in tech in which it was contended that alcohol led to a "culture of exclusion"...
Oh boy, the is Tweeting. I share your affection for the valley.
I hear almost as many languages spoken here at as I did at the Pretty cool.
it already aired, lol.
Best not to waste brain power trying to logic out stupid.
we have been without power in our neighborhood for an hour and a half.
Karma karma karma. ;)
"NGen leaders need to bring forward bold, creative, and contagious solutions. "Ai-jen Poo, Amex NGen Leadership Awardee.
HAD A GREAT TIME @ MY VALENTINES PARTY TODAY!! HOPE EVERYONE HAD A GREAT DAY! HAPPY VALENTINES DAY
Jesus could be a judge on that show and it would still be a steaming pile
Finals start next week, Any tips to reduce student test anxiety.
O A BIG SUNDAY DINNER LOLL
Why did you grease up your pit bull...
Please Incorporate Some New #Charity Options & Develop An #iPad App!! Please & Thank You!! Signed, A Satisfied Customer!
Thanks, Rosanna! Next time you all have lunch crumble some cookie for the homie that couldn't be there.
It feels awkward being off on a Saturday. A good kind of awkward, though.
I wonder what hes think hm
It's my birthday(2/23) and thanks for all the wonderful and amazing and fantastic wishes!
Set yourself apart from everybody else.
*So You Think You Can Skate :) competition at Hotel Del
Can you handle it?
Let's go #Orioles :)
Hey everyone don't forget this Thurs. the game starts at 730! Stop in from 330-6 for HAPPY HOUR and also LATE NIGHT from 9-close!
Accurate communication is the most critical for leaders.
Did you get a new Twitter? :o
name and school!
Keynote with on Does tech improve learning?
Democrat Tom Barrett's spokesman says new jobs numbers touted by Gov. Walker are attempt to "mask his economic failure."
making homemade coke for bed-ridden - hit with a double whammy of strep and flu
great playlist this AM!
Thinking of cancelling my MPR membership. This Rock the Garden announcement is dragging. And i don't like the bands.
do you remember when we saw that stupid slut and my sister playing volleyball in the backyard?
What was your favorite between the Shrimp Crêpe Florentine and Quiche Florentine?
Back in the US! great vacation
My dad just called forever 21 ; under 21...... LOL.
gotta check it out
editing=done(:
watch out or he's going to suspend your retired butt again
I dont sell
“: I like you because you make me smile.”
Thanks for the RT (about the health benefits of walking breaks)
watching Mexico's Next Top Model drinking hot chocolate (: With my bff <3
I lovee u!
Well, they DO get pretty hot models. My BFF is one for
Waiting on possible snow
♥•*""*•.¸¸.•*""*•♥I'm not popular, but I have nice friends. I'm not rich, but I have what I need. I may not be liked, but I know I'm loved.♥
if a trip happens, do let me know.
Brainstorming new white paper ideas. In the builder tech world, what do you want to learn more about?
My siblings-a-like cousins
Flight disabled on Tarmac. Probably will miss our connecting. See...I'm not supposed to leave! :-)
I don't hate you but i don't think we need to start dating right away either
#REALBIZ I was the same way, had that hightop fade tho lol.
So true, So true.
BB&B or Home Depot? What, do you live in the suburbs or something? :)
gone to see !!
Anybody play MW3 on ps3??????
I want a digiorno pizza !
4 weeks of school left.
waRm miLk. Well....maybe not.
Nutrient dense foods allow you to eat less food and thrive instead of just survive. But yeah, email me. Have a good night!
*mark YOUR cal. my enthusiasm was faster than my typing skills.
Lookin' good for our coyotes!! RT : Let's finish this
We all have that moment when we act dramatic to a song.
I can smell the kugel already (well, in my mind). Looking forward to real family dinner tonight! See you soon
it was their money to begin with, not yours. Don't forget that.
I love peanut butter and bananas!
"Is that mold growing in the fridge?" "No it's probably flowers."
SHUT THE FRONT DOOR.... NO WAY
Mr. Corey is completely clueless on everything
ridin' shotgun with Amanda Bynes, bitch I'm not tryin' to get a DUI.
Sounds perfect! We might be watching #Safe. I need to wash off some laziness first:-)
I am incredibly humbled by God to do what I do for a living. To reach students for Christ is such a honor & God chose me to do it.
but bbc ontology is focused on finished programs -- or are there other rdf onts for provenance, full tech md, etc to mash in?
Getting ready to learn and grow! Yeah!!!!
Alex, I just got to work and I had an email from you. Or from your doubleganger who works in London.
Seth Meyers has a famous lair?
I'd rather it mooned us.
THAT is ridiculous!
The link doesn't work for "LGBT Rights Do Not End at Our Border" by Peter Yao..
THANK YOU . I Love You Now Lmaoo . Album Is Great :D .
So is justin beiber trying to be like snoop dogg or maroon 5 go his new boyfriend song?
This is the last Fri of 2011. Make it count by resolving to live healthier in 2012. Start now! Join me in FLP! Healthy aloe vera products!
im ready to go home now...
teared up seeing and hug at the #2012StateoftheUnion - how I love #DC!!
Great. Just let me know!
Yeah, after I tweeted I read the comments and was pretty sure it was a hoax. Still sad, though.
If my store has your "must haves" I'll buy!
Hey - thanks for the
YES! & Towels, shampoo that smelled like all of their colognes. Bahahahaha..oh my! <3
Man City knock Man united out of the premiership.. brighton is super pissed and crying
I am so sick of this weather, cold, rain. Is it going to snow tomorrow? I hope not:)
thanks for texting me back! 😒
S.L.A.P Support Local Artist Please!
I think sometimes it is more important to be gracious than to win. Dorothy Kilgallen
oh I definitely agree! Since I moved here I've wondered what Honolulu would look like through and Andersonian lens.
Stampp Corbin: Did manchester buy UT because of the land, not to run a newspaper
Woke up to the Emu Attack theme in my head! Thanks, !
Hey #acrl2011! Ready for day 2? I am hoping to place Nancy Pearl Action Figures in good homes. Booth 1019!
you look great tonight:) happy Valentines day I love you
let me love you
Would you like to hear what others are saying about my Bible study? I always wonder if RT comments is a brag. What do you say? Be honest!
I'm watchin a movie I'll be over after at like 1 okay?
Harsh doesn't follow me.
Wait. but I felt so bad for in algebra today.
In addition to Pillow Pets, each of the 7,000 #SuperBaskets of Hope will also include a Bible. Baskets packed so far: 4,112
Russ and I will lure you over to the dark side . . .
I Dont Gotta Pay To Get In Cuz Im PERFORMeN??
I really do want a closer relationship with my mother
I never lived down losing that stuffed clown.
Had a blast last night ! Great seeing you sexy ladies
Gotta love it, didn't realize you were such a hockey fan tho! I grew up playing + used to volunteer coaching PattersonPark Stars
Learn everything you need to know about choosing an artist's representative - New article just posted - bit.ly/dMIC0m
tks I have skyped a couple of times always looking to improve : )
consumer trends often start in urban centers
that's a good one D! 👎
Censorship/moderation is a slippery slope, but I'm sure you're aware the online world of published information works differently
Great event! Stop by the NAWBO table
Are USA Network and Universal the same thing?
Being naturally skinny >> I can eat whatever I want
Congrats & on #1DMakingBillboardHistory So proud of you guys!! :)
ala Rex Ryan! F the jets.
Can't wait until tommorrow at the Rio for the Las Vegas Women''s Expo 10-5 first 500 women get a goodie bag, and many more freebies too
Where are ya'll watching the big game this Sunday? There's the Beer Bowl at my fave or 's Hot Wing Eating Contest..
Got to go to sleep see ya tomorrow
"passion is over-rated" <----------- worst quote ever
If someone asks you something just walk away.
Thinking about planting some roses. Not sure if I can keep them alive.
Anytime, Sir ;) I want so bad
And bring on all the pretenders, one day we will be remembered -
oh #Thunderbird, I don't want to respond to this email either, but you can't keep "closing unexpectedly" if you want to move on
just got home from skoo
Ur awesome Cappie!!!! A beast on the court and hot as hell...#Powerful Combo!
Lookin fwd to seeing this RT : S/O For Putting Out A Epic Ass Video Today
thanks for believing in me Bro RT : is next to go to the Draft
Packers all day.RT : Take Your Pick: vs
NASCAR analysts<<<
in literature right?
heyy im not going too be able too watch yuhr usrteam im going too the fair sad but can yue recored it and put it on youtube:)
Thanks for the RT!
my tix for the concert JUST came in the mail... i opened it. then i screamed...
You tried for years? So that means you can murder babies in their cribs now (numerous times!!). Stop terrorism or die. your choice
and then that same woman's daughter died, and the son-in-law accused her again.
Ah, shit. WMYB on Glee tonight.
Sorry, not today - but I'll come and visit soon!
haha gee I wonder why....
hahaha have you ever heard of weatherstar?
Full of organic tempeh and burger king condiments. Tomorrow will be interesting.
Congrats Scott! Gonna get a masters in photoshop with a concentration in alcoholism?
Yes! Tweet tweet :)
What would be the mahomies without
nice choice!!
People don't care what you know until they know you care.
I don't even need unlimited texting anymore cause I don't have anyone special that makes texting them worth it.
great set last night at the blue note. Keep the rock alive
Me too! RT Being a #derbychick is hard work! I'm gonna feel these bruises tomorrow!
Woke up with a pounding headache. My cup just had all kinda liquor in it. But I sho was feeling good lol.
#Vodka posted a 5.9% increase in volume, 3.9% for bourbon & #whiskey, 3.2% for #Tequila and #Rum volume slid 0.7% in 2011according to DISCUS
T-Shirt, ... I need one
This 7Up cake is soo yummy
agreed! I'll never forget the first time I heard White Blank Page 2 years ago? Hmm how convenient 
Hey, I want to see more pictures of the food you're about to eat.
judging so hardcore right now.
Knuck if you buck!
Proposal to do a "Yelp" for DH projects.
Four #Seattle #restaurants I've eaten at in three days... Gotta love my job!
that is a good one.
All that really matters is that you're a Yankee Fan!!
Was dat a mouse trap? Or did something really just bite breanns clit into 5 pieces! 5 pieces of key lime pie! 9 raisins n a pair of sneakers
RT : Want to see someone amazing? Go look in the mirror! :)
The shit that goes through my head <<<<<
thanks!! - you win for my favorite tote of #neocon11. And thanks for all the wonderful advice you gave us. So sweet of you!
For no clearly discernible reason, #iTunes on my #iPad sometimes decides to just start playing music even when the cover is closed.
Finally out of work
RT : Employees make the best dates*
Happy Birthday Ma!!
To quote the ghost: "Boo". New ghost stories coming from the Daily Beyond in 2012.
. shouts out as one model of new ecosystem in NJ.
Will Ferrell is easily the funniest actor out there ..nw #BladesofGlory ahah
Do both. Different audiences. RT : Question for #bxb11 is Twitter or FB better for getting news out there?
Our hosting provider had a quick blip about 30 minutes ago that took us offline for about 60 seconds. We're up and running fine.
yeahh. I'll change it back eventually 
Two moms win a $3.5M lawsuit vs Nutella for falsely saying it's "healthy." Hm. Snickers are still healthy though right?
Yeah, I did. Didn't you?
O man, this is the best thing I've heard all day RT R. Kelly's "Trapped In A Closet" Is Coming Back With New Parts
Devil horns and angel wing, hella fly.
aww I think that one is adorable!
Actions speak louder than words, so sometimes you just have to believe what you see & forget what you hear.
We are now on of 20 US printers in the printable Tyvek program. Recycle your used Tyvek thru a program with Waste Mgt. call 888-881-2454
"he invited me to the derby" "like a demolition derby?" love my friends😍
not going to get every one of those...even if it was a charge.
Great starting pitching both games. But offense needs to get moving. ASAP
nicknames i have ascribed to people in my apt. complex: wrinklehead, crazy eye, circle puke.
dude, my heart is breaking for your fans right about now
There seems to be some perverse human characteristic that likes to make easy things difficult. Warren Buffet, quoted in Morningstar.com
Thirteen years old, walking to catch a bus to school in Silver City, and a man pulled up in a minivan and tried to grab him by the hood.
Pretty sunrise on the Esplanade.
Health Tips: ask your doctor for natural alternatives to pharmaceuticals! They exist for many and have fewer and/or more mild side effects
Next to Blow Open Mic tonight at free before 9 with featured artist , come vibrate higher RT.
I HOPE <3 RT : will da ICONic Boyz ever do a Meet and Greet In Chicago???
"every important yes requires 100 nos"
Its 66 degrees in March, who's heading to the beach?!
Me too! What time are you going?
What's the statute of limitations on being banned from a Qdoba?
"For neither will live while the other survives."
Every night before I go to sleep I contemplate my life and hope that when I wake I'll be given a second chance just like Judge Joe Brown.
Had a wonderful cardio workout. I'll be cycling from now on. Totally inspired by
The worst driver here is better than the best driver in Illinois.
Check it out Street Money by Paul Borges, on ReverbNation! Electctronica music for Cleveland Ohio. Wow, Dude!
these tweets are what make the best parody on twitter
there are No more Good Times
I could go for a light, cold glass of Moscato..
yeah I tried several of those as well. :-P
Tonight @ Ski Shores in Austin, 6-9pm. Duo w/ Kullen Fuchs on trumpet & accordion. Lake, food, drinks & music - y'all come on out!!
Shout out Josh Hamilton.
Whoo whoo! No more braces :B
you knew that already though
This is the worst class ever
likewise! hope you have a great Friday and weekend!
Incoming #BigWest member San Diego State down 33-29 to NC State at half in their NCAA 2nd-round game.
REALLY STARTING TO FEEL FILTHY W ALL THESE HIPSTERS IN MY PERSONAL SPACE
then its big Ray!
He did;however he altered it to where he has a nipple attachment for releasing bodily fluids,and the option of singing better
Just for that, crossing OAK off my list. And, you know, I've made 9 more playoff starts than your entire rotation combined.
I will check .. i am sure I have some colleagues on it.
Flattered to be a featured artist at Portraits by Carolyn Foster's holiday party tonight!
I had a great relaxing time as always Alan and the staff are the best.
facebook page to follow
Convention attendees: remember to bring a coat and tie. See you in Orlando!
Have I ever even used ESPN3?
bahahaha! Now THAT'S a good one and resembles a lot of my nights!
Why does he feel the need to talk to all the students and give this speech with the parents present..you are wasting my time
GOODNIGHT Mikey^_^
Congrats! Just talked about u to folks here in Sweden. Let me know if you're interested in doing a tour here soon.
Send us your trivia questionsRT Sent you a flash question. Do you need beer-related ones too? I can write more but not today.
In search of a good tatt artist
NBC can't get over the case with the Bengals cheerleader and her student. I'm already over it. I'm not over the VERMIN in the LAUSD !!
lol yeah right
19 days till the Wisconsin recall election
: Will do and thanks… Dunno about all that though… just following others and sharing what I've learned...
Please report! (Going to have to deal with that issue here before too long....)
Missing ARE YOU MY MOTHER? after finishing it, even as it's still talking to me in my head.
thanks for the RT john!
Fight with all your heart and you will succeed.
Brunch at Milestone 229 in downtown Columbus is excellent. There is even an entire menu devoted to Bloody Marys!
How am I supposed to learn when 98% of my class won't shut up?!
y u say et
“: Just followed a lot of people on instagram. Send me instagram names” <==== Follow me dude, the name is josh_no_drakebell!
I don't control the birds.
And thanks for making me super nervous about tomorrow night.
About to see prescreening of 21 jump street with how hard am I going to laugh?
I can make it nasty
Don't wake him...or if she nods off. ;^)
At el toro .. Mexican food so flame
awesome glad to hear :D
ofcourse! got to help spread the word about good health!
Watching 8 mile 😍
no ): oh atleast ill see him in June . I'll just wait. Lol
oh dear…
dam i couldnt get that rt?.
Lets get our followers up to 500!!! How quickly can we do it?!
Text us at 559 824 8530 and tell us what you think about someone who is convicted of human trafficking and gets 3 months in jail
will teddy do anything for the pack in free agency, or wait for the draft like every other year?
Health Tips: Ask your doctor to test for Vitamin D deficiency!
Thanks from Clarity Legal
Not bad man, keep grinding. Follow me back!
Only halfway through this amf and in already super tipsy. FML!!
I'm good just hating on the rain.
Weds always seems to sneak up on me. Then I get my hopes up for Fri, but then Sat & Sun disappear on me. It's too much for my system!
NEW TENACIOUS D ALBUM :')
...give me my WilliamsonCo any day over the #HickoryHollowMall experience I just had at the new #OpryMills! SERIOUSLY?! Police. Gangs. Hood.
thats better! see that wasnt hard
"Claire De Lune" If yal sleeping on this, YAL BETTER WAKE UP!!!
I extend my deepest gratitude for your words THANK YOU RT : for an Actor, Education and education. Patience.
Wise guy! RT : why did you break our meter?
-- Check me out I am on hole new level i am so hot I snow ski buck naked
Weeks is DH'ing.
it makes me smile wen i get tweets from you! dont feel bad (= i miss you guys so much<3 tell every1 i say hi! love you guys<3
I had a boot camp class this morning! Complete with Push-Ups, squats, sprints, lunges......just glad we did not have to do Pull Ups! :) xoxo
Lunch today between 2nd and 3rd street on Walnut.
Awesome... RT : I just saw a double rainbow 
Lol, don't know bout ,
It's been a long day!
Just saw my 1st Elvis impersonator. Shocked it took this long.
Sad trombone ... #Rays lose
Project runway and chipotttttle 😃
The stars are so bright this am..
if only we tithed more, we could get you an XBox and you could add some Halo and Modern Warfare 3 to the mix.
Back to the Brooklyn Bridge... where it all started. Prayers
nope just think andy should know the truth haha. Ill give ya lessons for free tho.
falling asleep waiting for that one person to text you back <
I'm a little bit jaded by a lot of what I see.
About to work in the Yo for a little bit get the concept & equipment right
J'adore ça! I was about to give myself a quicki-mani but of the glitterati persuasion.
Go to sleep lol
Davis Butts opens the scoring. up 1-0 with 10:41 to go in the first quarter.
So many accidents when it rains..people in AZ don't know what do with themselves when it rains lol
Thats true hah :p ill google it and if all else fails ill just write "i love you" on the first line hahahah
where are you?
Poptarts are so good
Cru De Gra is coming up, don't miss out! We've got a real treat for this city. Wednesday June 16 @ Club 101, 6:30.
Speaker was saying we should try to build our own social networks / crowds so we can understand them / resulting data
all the fans are waiting patiently
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. - Sir Winston Churchill
its an honor to directly answer the ? of the citizens
Yo ! Boarding a MDW to FLL flight & loving your new #737-800 plane! How new r they & how many of them r there?
Face book
It was pretty good
You have a great weekend too! It's almost here, so bring it on!
Thanks to all who supported kids in art, music and sports in 2011... still 43 minutes left to give in 2011. www.baldfacedtruth.org
Work them long nights to get a pay day
Make sure to respond to @ mentions, thank RTs, etc.
- "'I hate you' echoed from the silent white hallways..." Where is that from? Sounds like a great lede haha
the American rep theatre has a summer acting program with Russian teachers in Boston. It's a good course.
Thanks for the tremendous show of support! We all appreciate you.
Today marks 6 months til Paralympic games begin in #London (2 weeks after closing ceremony of olympics)
When you realize you've made a mistake, make amends immediately. I'm sorry
Not bad. I'll look more into it. Thanks!
Stupid twitter got hacked last week :( very aggrivated
Thanks for the support! Where are you guys based out of?
SOMETHINGS ARE LEFT UNSAID
Cranberry flavor is in Fenway now, better go try some!
librarian friends- is there a name for a book that reads from both directions, front and back cover are both front covers if you flip it?
All those fairy tales are full of shit One more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
Bulls are better off with a 49 year old Michael than Rose
I am I'll message u about it when I know everything
Hanging tough.
So...this whole battle is not about allowing Marvin Gaye to preside over all weddings? Oh geez....this is awkward.
sounds fun
Hey, thanks for connecting. I used to have a friend in HS that had one of the original "Plum Crazy". Pretty fast ride.
fantastic!! Can't wait!
Mark your calendars - October 15th - Halloween Costume Dance Party - 21+ $5. - 815 V Street - Backbar
4/8/1789->D. Hinsdale:I am persuaded if the spirit of industry&patriotism should exert, we shall be able to furnish ourselves with fabrick
Good lord YES. I almost wore out my mute button last year w/all Barkley's blather re: so-called "Big Least."
Only 2 days left of principal photography (besides 1 pickup day) and they are going to be the most challenging yet!
He's gorgeous! I hope you're able to soothe him back to normal soon.
For once I follow the rules, I show up 20 minutes early for my doctor appt...20 minutes after my appt time & still waiting.
What’s for dinner? How about a spicy Ahi Tuna Poke Martini followed by Coconut-Crusted Tilapia?
okay have fun at prom though
Thanks for uh uh Thanks for being you? Lol
Where are you going to #ThunderUp tonight?
sometimes it's healthy for the soul lol
I want to call him so bad. But,he is my ex.
the situation has been resolved M.. :)
Expect the lowest from the people you think the highest of.... Just think about it
looks fun.
how do you see things bring remedied?
Today's magic relationship word is LISTEN.
I'm going to be so much cooler this year.
thanks coach could you send me what you have so far really interested.
“: You should save the best part of yourself for the person who deserves you.” then find they don't, after the fact!
binladen was never listed on fbi's most wanted list for 9/11...fbi said that there isn't enough proof to suggest he was involved with 9/11
Broccoli: “I look like a tree.” Walnut: “I look like a brain. ” Mushroom: “I look like an umbrella.” Banana: “Dude?! Change the topic.”
Ps 143:8/J. Meyer: On You do I lean...I lift up my inner self to You...You are listening...You are speaking.
"leprechauns are imaginary" nialls are imaginary
"werent you in the army? Why dont you go back there?" And mr kheul "this is the biggest lunch table I've seen!"
I could seriously live off Cereal & Milk. <3
when u zoom in on it its pretty funny
It was 1972, and I was fifteen. A really nice and encouraging personal note.
Agreed! : Head over heels by rascal flatts is perfect for your voice!!!
I should fuckin be sleep!
How to make your iPhone crash: 1) Download hundreds of apps. 2) Wait until you have 83 updates available. 3) Press "Update All" in App Store
Much thanks for the recommendation, there are seats still available if anyone wishes to attend (I'm in DC area). www.GlennGary.com
Thanks for the follows from
already on set for 1000 ways to die and damn its cold out here. craftsservices aren't ready and i want coffee
Agreed. Conditions for political success so entrenched, feel its a dream to talk 'return' to an anti-finance, pro-poor ideology
In Europe and turning on pre moderation of blog comments for the week,:)
Yay glad I can help :)
Who's celebrating Day? I'm going all over town checking in til my cel batteries die. #BadgeBabe #virtualhug!...
(Fredrich Nietzsche) There are no facts, only interpretations.
Telesales Exec, Lincoln, Temp to Perm, immediate start available! If interested email CV to
Hey, Anderson!
Me either! Thanks a million! “: love the dress! Can't wait to see it!!”
Woah...Josh Hamilton.
: World famous!
exactly. Is 999 like our 911 in the US? Just wondering.
I find Tibetan cosmology overly complicated - but neither am I familiar with it.
lol! Yes! :) I'm gonna be watching it for like 2 hours! Hahaha
RT My wife and I love ! Enjoy!
Just got done watching it here in EST zone. Didn't see O'Brian/Lady Violet sapphic interlude coming! #spoiler alert
Great job tonight Krysta! Nice to meet you. #RaiseHerVoice Happy bday!
haha i guess we shall see
2 nights ago?
when do you graduate? What types of positions are you looking at? Let me know- I am a recruiter; here to help =)
Who is going to #Orioles #OpeningDay??
I have waited my entire life to find you just have something worth living for.
"But I love making believe!"
i guess they have to make something out of it. I look forward to seeing you and again : )
I've been craving some Dunkin Donuts lately. Gonna make my tummy happy & go for a munchkins run.
purple is for da flyest ;0)..missy u owe me and erica a date luv ya
If you're going to follow people, give us some idea of who u are or what u do in your twitter profile if you want a follow back.
I'm writing these letters on the wall to remind myself to get back up every time I fall
I miss George Lopez on nick at night
Was my all-time favorite book in 5th grade, too. So timeless, all the same shenanigans - secret clubs, girl stuff, boy crush
And now back to the completely boring, in which I proofread a sudocs exchange list for the rest of the day.
We're joining , , , John Behrens & in a Big Data session at
Did you know I can do pull-ups?
To everyone who gets to be outside today - take advantage of this gorgeous weather and say hi to the sun for me.
I did
Thanks so much Mike! #oneworldonefight!!
Kentucky is nothing like HeeHaw. Well, maybe a little.
Congratulations! (A little late in Twitter time)
nope I really like solitude and friends are overrated
we're too good.
Her coat looked like an Amish corset.
Well, hello NYC and all my other followers from across the world!!! :) Hope everyone has a fantastic day/night. Love
Trapped: that awkward feeling when I realize I'm ordering at a vegetarian cafe and all I want is bacon.
2nd interview at Angie's List next week! Pretty awesome!
slowly working but bout to pick up
At least im bein honest about that up front that not a few but a good amount of screws missing lol and I don't hav a filter at that lol
first impression of boss's kindle fire = heavy
that nose though omg
Congratulations! What is this degree exactly?
Keep Calm and Play Saxophone. Then listen to my CD 'After Hours', promise you that you won't be disappointed.
Only thing I look forward to during the Super Bowl is the marathon of Matlock reruns every other network is playing.
My eyes sting, hopefully i'll get some sleep tonight.
Life is like a finger, pointing to the Moon. If you look at the finger you will miss all the heavenly glory. - Bruce Lee
My Kia gets 30-35 miles to a gallon which I am GRATEFUL for! I would upgrade to a more fuel efficient car if a) had a job b) had money
Octomom is a freak. Gonna get foreclosed & kicked out of the house. She Should have taken the porno money $$
The Greatest Investment that anyone can invest in is "YOU".
yes I have. Looks like Tampa is about half way between Orlando and Estero.
datpiff is broke #taylorallderdice broke the internet
Yes, Buzz Williams just used the term "stove up".
Omni-Directional Outdoor Antenna, Dual Band Frequency 2.4 and ...
What happened to Goyte at ? Oh well...gonna try and stay up to catch Dre & Snoop..
I fuckin love my last name
you'd think this Zimmerman would just turn himself in with all the public pressure. Do the right thing, man.
LOVE the #Beatbox commercial! So funny!
with 3 acres you have room for thatcamp camping.
oh snap, lemme read it lol
A meowing cat catches no mice. ~Yiddish proverb
Brody said my name for the first time<3(:
Is she old. Mine is about 7 and for his disease, that's like 120
Nice! I know it's terribly "un-green," but I absolutely LOVE mine! Need to get one for the office as well. :)
Even all the santorums on stage aren't interested in what he's saying
OK, so why was that dude waiting for me to finish at the urinal with 2 unoccupied stalls available for his use?
great new products!
why the no fi-core people in your breakdown?
Booked my flight to see the July Space Shuttle launch!!!
I'm gon needyou to know u got a woman in 2012 I'm Dnepropetrovsk playing games
I'm going with Kobe, Reddick, Afflalo and Watson. RT : Gallery of what NBA Players Wear When They Arrive at the Arena:
Chill day. Don't even want to get ready
This is the Car of the Day. Because we said so. We take orders from no one in this venue. Masters of our Domain, we are:...
Getting ready to kick off at today's conference shoot
The society we live in would rather have negative doings than positive showings.SAD BUT TRUE
: I'll be watching! Go! Fight! Win! Cowboy! (sorry, used to be dance/cheer). 8)
Pictures of the Lego #LSP look pretty cool!
Hitting The Special Effects Button Don't Make You A Photographer
#dearmama ur the best mom ever I love u so much<3
Oh my gosh the memories!Both my elementary & grade school are in the audience @ "Paint the Town Red" by the Chicago Children's Choir
Flipping thru movies on Netflix and seen Joe Dirt. I automatically thought of #keeponkeepinon 😜
Haha, well damn!
You have #Sheree all wrong Baby.
Thank You Ill be waiting ( : lol
best game ever
watching Pretty Little Liars even when tomorrow I have to wake up early :-P Bye Good Night <3
Happy Valentines Day beautiful and lovely people!!
#wehaveabirthdaaaaaaay #theawkwardmoment when you sit there not knowing what to do while everyone sings to u
MWIP trying to run...
Glad to find you - see you online.
Formal education will make you a living. Self-education will make you a fortune ~Jim Rohn
Multiple skills are like portfolio diversification; Reduced risk. The more you have, the more likely one will hold value when others don't.
With continued AT&T U-verse phone problems, has saved me again. I've had multiple conference calls through Gmail the past few days...
In all fairness to you, I may even have been 9…
Not to mention the horribly simple logo. I think I designed something similar in 7th grade when I got a "D" in art class.
Not Scruffys, Bill bill's. Youre too young.
#Feature on New twitter blast will include local and national deals.
Do you like watermelon with mint? How about watermelon with smoked albacore, mint and feta? Summer is finally here.
Such a long night o my lol
New Ulm, MN here we come.
It's all about the money...either put up or shut up and step aside..
Revising research questions to make them more abstract. Starting out with "what is man?"
Bill Lazor - one of West Scranton's favorite sons.
he said ill give you $5000. i said no you wont youll give me that giraffe. and thats what he did gave it right to me.
If you're a Main Street fan, you'll want to stay tuned for the announcement of April's topic!
Reminder: Kick-off and registration is in the Student Center and sessions are next door at the College of Education.
The Official Bankster Dictionary
Ahh! Thanks. Happy
I am trying to figure out what to do for my sister and sister in law I may just hijack their kids and use their kids handprints for them
missing my beautiful girl see her in 9 days in #charlotte #northcarolina!
Madison plans to post "no gun signs" on bus shelters as "buildings." Amazing to what depths they will stoop to try to mess with gun owners.
The Wallingford Seattle is the worst post office location in the city. Incompetence abounds.
You're still coming to a Brewers game with me at Miller Park, right?
Do it! RT“: Wanna know where dudes on tour are hanging after their shows!? Follow ”
Who want to talk about heath slater
So does everyone else RT : I deserve the best ... Im a good person
Just downloaded the app just to listen to and
Monday! Time to work.
time waits for no one .
I got something from Taco Bell the other day and it had sour cream in it.
I really got that attitude like... cant nobody tell me what to do.
Oliver is by far my favorite. Have you heard of #OpOliver? and are bringin it back
#MADDENNFL13 Soundtrack created by Colin O'Malley, unique soundtrack for every menu. No more EA Trax, good way to save on licensing?
Reading #Swamplandia! and am thrown by how so very closely I'm relating to Ava, who also lost her mother to cancer at 12. Great read so far.
Always!! Let me know how I can help.
RT-gotta look stupid reflection/// maybe look yourself in the eye instead and ask yourself how you're going to change the world
if you have to wonder why that's austin backround, then you must be a new mahomie or just a fake one... Just saying.
we lost one but keep battling...
We carry NINE varieties of medicated Brownies! We understand that patients need variety when medicating.
Hi from a classmate from AESHS!
Don't let this day to be a vehicle for hate and discrimination; let it be a catalyst for acceptance and love
can you do Friday instead?
Lmao, "A Chocolate Chip Cookie?"
hope you had a great time! What type of margarita?
;P Trivial Fact on Historical Baldness red lead
Meeting You Was Great UnForgetable To See You Preform Live Your a Incredable Dancer <3
if you use a different ip address/another computer you should be able to vote for yourself more. Ill get you some votes too
haha, he was born that way and maybe stared at a naked dennis rodman in the locker room too long.
“: spread the word Sunday May 20 we can use them for ~ Done and my pleasure!
haha, I'll see if I can pull some strings when I go to campus today! By that I mean I'll tell a barista to tell his/her boss.
I have seen what appear to be a couple of very emeraldly clad walks-of-shame...
Very nice, but fold > mutability, no? tokens.foldLeft(Map.empty[String, Int])((m, t) => m.updated(t, 1 + m.getOrElse(t, 0)))
hope oomf coming to see me today
Watching my favorite show #jerseyshore with my favorite person
Belieber since 2009, still here in 2012, I will be here until the end. This isn't the end, it's only the beginning of his life
Tony (if u have a moment), what time should we line up for check-in Fri AM & to get our tickets? as a noob, I'm getting nervous.
Do you like Celtic Frost? I like Celtic Frost. Let's enjoy Celtic Frost together & see how many times we can say Celtic Frost.
“: karleeelovesyou HAPPY BIRTHDAY” THANK YOU <3
Unfollow this page it got hacked n follow my new one
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay "You know what I'm saying"... just say it dam!!!
Great to see it. You were actually my very 1st follower back in 2008. Still trying to break thru 2K. : I'm still kicking! :)
I recommend box fan, the cure for all noise. If it can drown out drunks at bar time... I should have gone in to advertising.
You know u love someone when u still believe their bullshit stories
coo did u start new ones?
your mom likes...big..,shut up
damn you killing kids, rest in hell
I had an awful workout yesterday, but didn't post it because you kind of expect that from an overweight office worker right?
Having some beers with the babe, then bed time. <3
Last night's post-game victory lap by Giants players at Lambeau should provide plenty of motivation for next year's season.
Well send me the link because I am youtubing right about now
These refs are doing a really good job so far
Fox & Hound!!! The Best Party in Town!!!! Follow Me & get all the latest updates on whats going on with #F&HABQ!!
Putting 2gether a bike 4Eli. Gotta start now, it may take 23 days till it gets all the way 2gether!
Members of a union representing hospital workers have reached a tentative agreement. More info at 6am on
Free Nuts is all about the interesting and free web apps
just seid I would make my bf a sandwich after sex...whats happend to me?.
Why?? Do u hate math for me its so easyy :/
thanks hon! :-) I followed your advice Guru and did the name change! Great tip! Thanks babe! Makes so much more sense! :-)
No. This Statement Appears To Be Precisely INCORRECT. (:
"The secret of forgiving everything is to understand nothing."
Help me find music LOL!
Happy New Year, everyone & thanks for an amazing 2011. We are closed to tonight to celebrate & will be OPEN for you New Years's Day 10-10!
i see future baby me and you thats how we do
My mom says I'm bipolar..lol. I wonder who I get it from..:B lol
You Ughh' No Mf I Already Had That BeFor
If you remember the Popples, I'm sending you a virtual high-five right now! 👋
The Weather Channel to Promote Pledge Participation for Campaign to Raise ... - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
Awesome! Thank you!!
the title was adjusted fyi.
Tweet. Tweet. Is this thing on?
I'm hangin' tough. RT : Ain't nothing right about what you're doing.
< thanks for the retweet!
A pet dog is often more loyal than some people will ever be...
Thanks!!!!! I now follow both :D
Where's Wayne Campbell?
hey plzz follow me
People reading more not less. Reading differently due 2 shorter attn spans, & quickly scanning 4 qual. content
Aways bittersweet seeing replays of prince in a #brewers uniform
I'm really the best fake boyfriend ever. Totally made her day today. Suck my peehole.
The Bacon informed me that I'd better "watch my associations." Yeah. You heard that right. WATCH MY ASSOCIATIONS.
Goodnight everyone (;
Going to #pnba? Ck out & indie publishing panel Thurs. w/ and Tim LaBarge
Makes me so mad! Hulu has so much stuff but they can't have dinosaurs??
Al-Jazeera starts new sports channel to cover NSL – National Suicide League - The World Series of Terrorism and the Wide Wide World of IEDs.
figuring it out.
do you think Walker will win in Wisconsin?
Metty Christmas to all u east coasters
The White Ribbon is too good
Talked to this afternoon.... it gave me life!! I love <3 her
I've been asked to perform 'Twas the Night Before Christmas at a show next weekend to benefit Whidbey Animals' Improvement Foundation.
twice actually boo boo aint she offline doe
Mayweather still ready doe dnt get me wrong
It's the most wonderful time of the yeaaaaarrr.... mouth retainer time.
looking at all of the artwork the kids are creating
awe, where exactly?
thanks Pam!
erm..where are you?
Germany was awesome!!!
true that(:
girl next to me on the metro was a duke grad who was in Alspaugh (my freshman dorm) and was from Charlottesville. Small world!
Not gonna bother.
OMG I just watched the whole video. I want to go so bad! How long will U B there?
Finish reading "Once Upon A Cow"...stop making excuses.
Austin, Alex, Dave, Robert, Tyler, zach, Cameron, mama, Andrew.
Hi all!Pop in for brunch.We have popovers with sausage topped with gravy & a side of fresh fruit.Finish brunch with Scooters frozen custard
5000 friends on Facebook, follow me on twitter though.
sadly, I live in Missouri :( i would if I cud cuz ur color is gor-geous!
We're excited, too!
What Happen Cuzzin ?
Watch my piece on the USS Monitor tonight on Americas Now-9:30EST #cctvamerica. We reveal the "faces" of two lost Union sailors.
idk its Thursday lol a boring day
please share this on twitter thank you
yeah, totally! It was great fun until my sister stood on the counter and yelled "one more minute!" Then they kicked us out.
Animated RT Tell me one adjective that describes the mood in your house during Fall.
i don't know if she ships. If not maybe your mom could order them and send them to you?
of course! Best of luck!
brad paisley tomorrow... im going to cry♥
What are you creating for 2012 that will increase the quality of your relationships and improve the world in which you live?
- HAHA I MISS YOU (=
Yeah that is one reason why I can't stand Pharmacy stuff is the insurance. Insurances are a pain in the ass to deal with...
you jelly?
what happened lady??
lmao no way! Listen, I'm hispanic.....I don't need to cheat ;P
---- > I DONT Fuck With Pepsi .. That Cemercial Went To Far. How TF They Gon Have The Coke Man Drinking Pepsi .! #YouBullShittin -_-
Susan! My God, we thought you were dead. Susan: No, just in New Jersey.
What you up to now Sawyer?
I am still working out some of the bugs. But I am a diehard it has gotten to be a challenge. Tweet! Back
“I hope that someday we will find evidence that there is intelligent life among humans on this planet.” ~Sylvia Earle from TEDTalk
okay? but that means I have to do Greek homework... just kidding Greek is awesome
Wine Quote of the Day(grape your brain) "Beer is made by men, wine by God!" --- Martin Luther
happy milf day eve
Just set up studio time for next wekend we promise hits
#HIRING a SENIOR #AUDITOR in #CLEARWATER must have a #CPA or CIA or CISA or CFE. CONTACT ME asap on
there once was a group with liam and niall..
Tell me something I don't know!
lol I mean one of my friends who was being stalked, and you came in to help. That's her. She L-O-V-E-S BTR.
...Do they actually think they can make something of stones from a rubbish heap—and charred ones at that? Neh 4:2 Charred stones work.
TY! RT : Example Social Media Rules & Guidelines are posted on the #SMILEcon Facebook site. More examples are available.
He's a bum! Kevin Jones should have won!
hahah okay gramps. Would love to see what you can make. Cereal doesn't count :)
don't know how to feel. mixed emotions. bittersweet.. meh.
Screened UCLA Archive's restored 35 print of Cecil B. DeMille's CLEOPATRA with Claudette Colbert tonight at Playboy Mansion.
