Going off 4 now... donno when im coming on again.... ;) xoxo michelle ♥
Beautiful day, weekend off rugby , and dolores park for some afternoon picnic action.
and Barbour wants Sarah Palin to run too
"All is well, everything is working out for my highest good, only good can come from this, and I am safe." - Louise Hay
not sure but it burped at me
Dirty Red and the Soul Shakers TONIGHT at 9 pm till 1 am at Whiskey Chicks! Don't miss it #Bricktown!
Nice to meet you today fellow panelists! , , , & Premature
Where is my head today? Locked myself out. Forgot garage & car key. Running late!
Planning a trip to Portland/Vancouver to see family and friends in June. My Uncle from Britain will be there. Always good 2 see him! G'nite!
Okay we got your point the first time! You don't need to keep preaching it? Especially when your doing the same thing
When should I talk about disabled child to nondisabled child? Disabled is 7 non disabled is 5
TBR will not endorse President Barack Obama for president! Considering write-in candidate or independent candidate! TBR
TWEET THE LINK I am so readdyy!
Conversation between two 3 year olds! I love the kids at my job!
If you were on Survivor, you'd win. Hands down.
shout out to my new follower! :)
so now i guess you would hate in austin mahones gf too. Bitch be jealous! He has a girl
idk txt me it
I'd rather be anywhere than here. , rescue me?!
I need to get back to EPCOT.
Thanks, "I've had a lot of time to think about it (forgetting Dept of Education)." Perry: Me too.
Me too! > : I want a reason to use my passport this year ... Other than "I misplaced my license and I desire a beverage..."
#courtneylove needs to put her daughter's interests first. Which means first of all no more ranting.
If you get your money tree to bloom, let me know....I'm such a sucker!
Hey hey heeeyyy!!!! For sure!! Will do!
I remember watching your "pretty wings" cover on YouTube! Saw your vid on 106 #PraiseGod! Congtats!
yeah come by. I work till 4:30pm tomorrow
Going to church, later watching first episode of #jerseyshoreseason5! Ahh love them! =)
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. Sir Winston Churchill
We're gonna keep lowering the Blow-Out Prices until it's gone! Stop back in again, you won't be disappointed!
HELL YEA
I need to find more people with the same music taste as me. I like a lot of music.
Playing with my heart
It’s great not having to rely on travel agents to find the best deals for flight tickets, as one had do 15 or 20 years ago
what's up my Lil brah
that is my prediction for world war 3... The invasion of boy bands
that would be awesome!
didn't get an email!
I wish you all the best. I have given up that road. It's been time to move on... Just wish I had known that sooner.
well just a call between me you and Lokey. We need to get organized.
Math gives me a headache. I mean that literally. When I'm solving math problems my head actually hurts.
Could ask you a question & could I ask for a follow?
Nothing every feels right with u anymore .
Will save one for u! But hurry, going fast! :) : YUM. Can we have one too, please?”
Aston can u pleeez send a DM 2 my friend , its her B-day on wednesday. It will mean the world 2 her. Thanx ;)
follow me sugar butt!
just had an awesome take.
... and tomorrow at the Met Museum!
Best shopping advice I ever got. Don't buy clothes you only like. Buy things you love. Will not only wear them more but feel better in them
You live in San Diego?? ;o haha well it beats the ordinary :) I'm from ep tx, but ill be outa here soon enough :) wht about u?
I love you so much and your so cool
e-portfolios replace testing? Has anyone had experience with portfolios being a part of testing?
boys who can dougie, mainly because I can't
why sure how about a picture beautiful!
Here is WA, we also have the "BUT" (back-up test) in case of security issues. Good times to build a but.
Sweet dreams tweeps! And some dirty ones, too!
Nice to meet you Sharon
Great new concept in food fusion: Mexican Sushi. Gonna call it Mushii.
Love is weird
The bowling alley is actually playing music that isn't crappy
hahaha dude I can't help it ! #skinnypeoplewithhugejugsproblems loll
Just made a Twitter, and I feel like a sell out... Lol
The Veggie Table: Homemade Almond Milk
Hey! If you like mindless Behavior then follow me and I will send all y'all and autograph and q picture of them for you
Happy hauntings y'all krazy k in the studio with d-man gonna put some ink down biatch
you should text me matt :/ im back home for good 845 527 4598
Hope you get to check out the Super Bowl
On the way to Vancouver for
its like kodak has been asleep all these years! talking about resting on your laurels!
neither do lion and tigers lol
or assholes are just spat on their death bed...dont u want good things said about u?
i know i was ctfu!
My computer's motherboard is dead. Sending it back to be fixed. Without computer for a while. Boo hoo. Sneaking peek at work. badme!!
Niggas rap about the block but I'm on it....IF YU KNEW IT WASN'T REAL THEN WHY YU WROTE IT
is an automatic #hater of Google + because he doesn't want to incorporate it into his business model ..
same here my friend
the jazz gallery is OPEN today from 12-5p!
it was a pleasure to meet you tonight!
like a boss! ..that was a bad ass video
sorry, all. my smartphone battery died. :(
don't worry... we're picking some one randomly for the first 100... then 250... then 500! All inclusive!
Thanks ! cheers to your weekend! let us know where your Vinchee will be joining you
this monday is Birthday i cant wait
Bacardi on Friday named the former vice chairman of Procter & Gamble, Edward Shirley, it's new CEO.
No guts no glory.
i need new music for my spotify playlist!
Pretty sure I would fall on my face if I tried this.
Gonna make some mashed #butternutsquash tonight. Missing a few ingredients, so substituting other things. We'll see how this goes. :/
glad you like :) excellent article and well worth sharing. Huge fan of your thinking.
About to plank In biology lab again. Even the professor is wobbling.
Someone come dance to #BeautifulLiar with me!!
Oh. My. Goodness.... Im in Heaven... Today will be an amazing day!
Today at #SVnewtech: - biz cards, - build apps, - rate foods, - rate games
- Where You From.?
has had a change in wedding plans...we are now having a small destination wedding in Hawaii with a reception to follow at a later date.
Robo Signing created a slow down in foreclosures, I'm interested in seeing what comes of it, once it catches up...
I'm grateful that I can be a daddy and not just a father. But in doing so, I miss out on some things. Better this way!
Restaurant Refrigeration Bar/ kitchen Equipment Sales & Service 617-792-3350
Wow. And I thought I started young!
i do not want this
What does #Kanye, Kris Humphries and Reggie Bush have in common? Check it out....sobcity.com
Love it! RT #FPRA media panel was great - good info & #PR ppl to friend & follow. Gotta love #networking!
Great talk going on at www.FocusSociety.com join in on the talk .
I know would be well awkward lmfao, don't think it'd ever happen though!!
follow back please:) thanks
At Midnight Madness
Today marks DAY 1 of my #Vegan experiment. After a month of being #vegetarian, I've upped the ante. #VeganMay! It should be a thing.
Laugh. It's good for you.
What? Your job doesn't involve extensively googling the cast of Pretty Little Liars? You must have taken a wrong turn somewhere.
$FBCD "The merger is done and we WILL NOT be late in filing the 8k. Hope that clarifies everything."
The Leading Business Weekly
Wow - again!
very true. Plus they don't know phone numbers by memory
Well you caught me when I was out of the states in Jamaica! But now that I'm back, splendid. How about Philadelphia?
ok... i have a Y membership for nc tho i should be able to use it tho
lol rite only a white person
These bills are stressing me out right now :/
Damn, impressive work by Myers.
the 3 worst pains of my life are hitting my funny bone, stepping on toys, and period cramps! >-<
That mix is jumpin'! RT : Goodlook Bruh Let Me Know What You Think
when hanngs out with me 👍💙
#ThingsNotToSayOnAFirstDate Wanna see my Prison Tattoo? It's really nice.
I was lucky and had my own espresso machine...saved me plenty of times
Im just tweetin stuff (:
brrr! Thank you for being on time!!
I feel stuck between a rock and a hard place...
wow. That was a long drive! It's nice to get away though, if only for a day. How is everything down south?
Hey Kastles Fans! Retweet this for chance to attend VIP luncheon Thurs at 12 pm with in Downtown DC! Winner announced 5 pm Wed.
No, but I'll check it out. Thanks!
I miss you, seester!
what kinda cars are they, my mama live out there
See? I can't even tweet. I meant to say, "I should jog blog now, but too tired." See how tired I am? That's because I wrote about 2500 words
3 Social Media Lessons for Global Marketers
He can sing tho
Need a repair? We service all makes & models of swimming pools & spas and we have the best licensed technicians in Western Washington!!
Writing a book proposal: taxing, tedious, and terrifying.
not from there but I had an incredible breakfast at Toulouse Petit near the Needle.
2012 is almost near.
Mormons do ;-)
Haha, what's going on at "Central High School" today? It's all on my TL!
Last week brought #wisconsinidea to Washington. Next week, the #wisconsinidea seminar bus tour!
The point when people you know became the people you knew.
Haha, Thanks :) It Was Like The Best Tweet Ever!
I think I'm not gonna buy new bag. Save money la huh.
#zombies - have other gov agencies-other than DOD-used a similar ploy to attract viewers?
Sign up for the #MMA Conditioning #Dallas e-Newsletter here: eepurl.com/fttW2
Thanks for the follow!
R my tweets like invisible?!?!?! My mentions r SO dead! :(
Sounds like forcasted weekend winds are getting firefighters a little nervous already.
Good instincts usually tell you what to do before your head has figured it out. -Michael Burke
I just got shocked but I got up, and I didn't spill my beer
Maybe they just don't know that librarians can help with that. I would remind everyone b/c u never know.
Regrouping from prostate cancer..watching ...This is it..Micheal Jackson
This coffee tastes particularly excellent as a counterpoint to my Greek yogurt with chopped figs and bananas.
I almost. Hate u now tellin my business i wouldnt tell yours or dog u dats a bitch move
sounds like it! I'll have to make some. Thanks! :)
thank you for spreading the word about Bowling for Boobies:-)
#ThingsNotToDoAfterABreakup = completly stop caring about his/her feelings.
Need a smile for today? Check the link for a blurb and excerpt that takes you back to kinder, gentler times. www.willowmoonpublishing.com
But of course ill be on home field. And he wont even be there... lol.
No potbelly today :(
Tonight I discoverd that adding Rose's Lime Juice to a Screwdriver can vastly improve your evening
Thanks ever so for the mention!
Do you ever do something just to piss someone off on purpose?
Did you get a ticket?!
What's a Hoosier?
Retweet if you remember how kickass Museum Madness from MECC was growing up.
okay good! Do you have them now?
I just saw somewhere that it's National Coffee Day. That would explain why I'm on Nespresso #3 at 9:40 am. Oh wait, that's every day.
Off to Sing Sing for a rehearsal this afternoon, then to 's play tonight.
Cotto wins that round 4-4 love the body work from cotto
Chicos, I hope you're having a great time at the #VLPowerSummit! I want to hear all about it when you get back! :)
I just don’t buy the idea that consumer expectations and industry practices around privacy are converging. Quite the opposite.
i hate people who are miserable all the time
who puts on that event in SD?
Our district continues to be plagued with poverty and corruption. We Cannot Stand For This Anymore! It's Time For District 2 to Elect a...
Nook time before bedtime. Reading The Hunger Games Trilogy.
RT I would like #USMNT squad numbers to be announced so I can go ahead and order my shirt!
if time is all we lost. I'll try it!
Follow Your Dreams!!!! If you want it go and get it! #Legally Lol
not really haha what did you have in mind?
watching battle of the old point guards: derek fisher vs. jason kidd
I see u startin keep doin ya thing. Helpin kids in need i see you.
I want to go to concerts this summer. Why do I like country music now...now when I was working for it?!? Haha
wow, 6 minutes crunches is worse the second time.
cleaning and i'm now aware of just how many books i have. a lot.
A prudent question is one-half of wisdom. Francis Bacon
RT This is my glass of care \_/ Oh look, it's empty. | why did this tweet make me think of you immediately? Lol
exsqueeze me?! I am not obsessed. haha I have certain obligations to use social media! I could quit if I wanted to. I could!
2omf had me TURNT UP last night :D
The entertainment of tomorrow — today - St. Albert Leader
The ready set is in the philippines..i wish i could just fly to my home country:(((((
you clearly haven't watched on demand in a while
Sent to me by a FB friend, I like this. Find your place on the diagram?
you're quite welcome!
I know. People claim to be celebrities all the time though so I just wanted to make sure.
you don't actually tweet
#10ThingsIFindAttractive when a girl doesnt have to put on a ton of make up -
thanks lady...means alot.
LAST FRIDAY NIGHT
I can totally make you the best n/a mango frozen drink. With strawberries, too.I'm gonna have to be creative for porch time!
nope just launched two weeks ago.
Another institution that belongs in the "too failed to be big" category...
I don't know about you, but I am obsesed w/it! He is so crazy - like a fox!! go !
Crunch. Time. Almost done. SuperPumped. FORTY SEVEN NEW TUNES!!! That's crazy!!
" A good leader can't get too far ahead of his followers. " - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Thanks! You just answered the genetics question!
How are you making a difference? Looking to connect with philanthropists/non-profits/volunteers.Together we can make a difference!
First day of school for my youngest. Just started 6th grade...and so proud...
1 week till I can go back to having a life
My body is aching, i have da worst migraine, nd i can barely breathe..damn dis cold
Totally obsessed with . She should be my manager
It's cool. Our main priority is you guys, the customers. Just trying to help...
some cunt mate
Hahaha! He is acting so nonchalant.
videos like this make me even more confused! sleeping on it....
Good morning #DC ! Head on over to LiLLiES in #WoodleyPark today for our $7 sandwich&salad lunch special or later btwn 5-7 for
Even tho I can't make it to 's concert I will never stop supporting him, one day he will be Doing a world tour
I bet! You seemed amazing at it.
Sorry about that :)
NYC: Who is your favorite acting teacher? Reply and win a seat in the Barry Shapiro seminar this evening.
You know what they say about great minds! I chose my subjects before I even saw your response :) Also painting a tree.
Drexel has personal librarians in their Commons- a librarian is assigned to First Year students-concierge service
i'm really dreading this weekend ...
I want to like you Larabar -- but I just don't. I've tried.
Last workday of the year, and it is going to be busy preparing for 2012!
i make one croquembouche a year. lucky david, louise, jan, jerry, terry, and susan get to enjoy it tonight!
Gleeking at its max!
...were working on it, but in the meantime you have to come over to us and enjoy them!!
hello im seeking out internet marketing pros to review my new site, www.ebookviralincome.com
"I have to pee brb.." "EWWWW!"
Vanilla coke zero is actually pretty good as far as diet sodas go.
What is the #beerclub BOTW tonight? Also, how are you polling in the lordship race?
aight. I'll tell him in the am. It's 4am right now
You take away the pain and I thank you for that.
Just a warning to everyone, im prolly gunna look like crap and be crying on monday. Lmao. Justa heads up
im just a wild child and my city is my playground
Funny running into people u knew back in the day who thought nothing of u and end up bitter when they find out ur doing better than them lol
One of these days I'm going to log *everything* I do in a work week. But I do not really have time to write a novel.
Didn't get to hug nearly enough #wiunion peeps today. Expect random attacks all week. #_huglife (watchout )
I don't dislike Demi, I'm just not a fan of hers. Ya know? I dislike Britney a lot though, so I'd take Tulisa over her .
safe travels Rob!
2nd goal in two games for Torres!! Beauty of a pass by Kalou too!!
🎶 talk to me, talk to me, like lovers do.
Random News: Madhuri Dixit to be brand ambassador of Neesa Basmati Rice
it was Follow Friday. Did you get any new followers?
omg perfect! How r u n the ?
take me home.. im all yours
11:11. Ya gotta love it bro. is probably my favorite person ever.
I keep on wondering where got her sunglasses, cause they're fucking perfect.
no comment on the 1hr late twitter re:tsunami... The station should subscribe to the usgs.gov earthquake email alerts...
ah. i see.
Want a free month of virtual office services? Davinci is now offering just that at select locations in Las Vegas. Call Christie Julian today
Time for raw!
but really im just talking to the air bout this... =}
ROFL! RT : I give Tebow 3 months in NYC before he's photographed coming out of Jay-Z's 40/40 club with hookers and blow.
ERIC OH MY GOD LOVE ME
this some bull ima leave then come back
Nothing like sitting down and drink a hot tea(x
no -.- my mom wouldn't let me lol
Combine concepts like smarter commerce, smarter planet, and business analytics, and you see how IBM can change the world.
Then the fun begins....LOL!
The Pitch Street Team will also be here with Swag bags tonight. Get a chance to have your picture appear in next week's issue.
#Sixers should bring in AI as commentator...
Wishing you all the Pleasures of the Holidays - filled with Warmth and Blessed by Peace.
Lmfao we're not! Nobody fucks with us anymore 😂😂
#Mammoth from at the top of the hour. No rain delay here! Nice and dry inside.
CAUSE GIRL YA GOT STYLE, AND THATS WHAT I LOVE ABOUT YOU
Do all things with love. - Og Mandino
“Nobody can do everything, but everyone can do something.” – Author Unknown
"Don't it look like baby cupid sendin arrows from above? Don't you ever leave the side of me" Nov 9 '09 ....
Good thing steelers drafted another pothead from Ohio State.
nice...hopefully its nice out for it
Kristen and i are going out to breakfast.
heat mite win this game.
Aw, Thank you. *Smiles*
Happy Marathon Monday #Berklee kids!!
My parents don't give my brother a curfew cause he's a boy.. Kind of shit is that?! I had one till I was a junior in hs 😒he's 12
Let me guess...you saw Inception. '-^
i know what i said and hes cody simpsons best friend
Fuck it. I'm gonna make me a burger and some fries
You know your hungry when you know the fridge is empty but keep checking it hoping some foods just gonna magically appear.
I heard ur birthday went well. Good luck u silly girl in furry pink hat:)
A captivated audience watching the #stopkony video here at
RT : #touch is about to start, West Coast! RT if you're ready for a great episode!
Where in the world did this day go! Last time I looked its was 9 am. Busy, Busy, Busy.
The most important part of a plan is the planner.
- well, you have me too but you should still never compromise yourself. :)
RT : Join us for #GlassChat this Thursday, 4pm ET. Guest host, will discuss trends in design and color!
today was amazing
i gt u caniqua ;(
Today is Ralph Ellison's birthday. "Invisible Man" gives rare insight into what divides in America and is one of our greatest novels.
Don't try to blame him!!! What kind of friend are u!? RT : Ayooo RT : iAmMissKarma Jim hacked my page
Happy to have called a Big Comeback by Ridgewood in Girls Lax on MSG VARSITY!!!!
To the more timid souls: Live freely and fully. Before it's too late.
Dolphin fan just jumped into the tuna net.
Randomly sitting in Washington Square reading a WC Fields bio I found. Any NYC friends in the area?
Kickin it bac on da twitter wasn't on in a while buts ways gud fellows & ladies??????? :)
's current favorite song "One More" by Superchick on their " Rock What You Got" album...you should check it out!
Lets pray!
You didn't invite me? How neighborly.
The DMV is the worst place ever, there's so many people here
_|_ How do you say Fuck You in french ? I want to say that to a couple of ppl.
RT for a shoutout! (must be following me)
The #Bears traded Tank, Cedric Benson and other "mugshots" in the past, now they may have added another.
You know your friend doent smoke #weed when they text you "are you smoking Cush?"
Well, it wouldn't be safe to say that to my family up here! LOL
haha ya I am... Well Vegas, Monroe, Portland, Sonoma, Roseville, & Phoenix at least! Maybe Albequerque!?!
are you coming again this year?
I Started following you for the GB Droppings. Not what you'll be turning into to droppings. Bring on more GBDs!
I think in the morning or early afternoon
I'll have you livin like you should
Make sure to remember to smile for your mugshot... #WasFramedOfficer!
Personally, I obtain much inspiration from the small but mighty group of
Bruno Mars - Just The Way You Are [Official Video]
2011 fades-Long corporate career ends. New goals for 2012. Will give my all to transition to stage performer. Encouragement appreciated!
As someone who's lived in 8 places over the past 9 years, I know how you feel.
for sure! #Seniorsrule :)
It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.
i falling on the floor ..
yes, what "Cool things" are they doing with public health data?
Thanks BU, you guys are amazing!
uhh what happened to us working out 3-4 times a week together?!?!
Hi Fb.. I need a referral for a reputable commercial cleaning service here in Jacksonville.
ill be back the 24th then leaving the 25th. We deff have to chill on before I go to KY!!
since you're ask'n...
hit me up man.
(: how do you do the heart thing??
I wanna sail at sea
What's going on in Cleveland tonight? Thinking about dinner at and catching at the Improv sometime this weekend.
Just heard You Should Know on the radio and the part of "down on you in the theater" was changed to "dine on you". Oh yeah, that's better.
The Pettitte 50% sure testimony was a big + for Clemens. Juror ?s seem to show that Hardin is making some points. (cont)
Then come the lights shining on you from above. You are a performer. You forget all you learned,~ Shirley Maclaine
using for the first time and having a great experience! Love it that i'm able to just ping the engineers of a product to ask a q :)
omg you guys would be soul mates 😍💜
I miss you a lot, but I'm glad Angel can keep a smile on your face ^-^
felicity!! End of season two is getting crazy. Wtf.
Excited for my first game of the season tomorrow! #CubsSocial cc:
Did you know having fun is good for your health? S/He who laughs, lasts. #doitbig #
Hope to see everyone down at the ComicCon this weekend! Come stop by our booth!
ALLY! NO! STOP! i've been there before & let me tell you, it's not worth it! please, please, PLEASE stop! )': </////3
Coffee sounds great. Hanging with all of you sounds fantastic!
Your freesyle raps are amazing! I saw one on youtube.. it was great!(: Like, you should be a pro! I love it!<3
we cool aren't we?!?
What can't Anthony Davis do?
I need to buy two bikini's one all black and another one with design for the beach & Photo Shoots. :)
I only threw 75 pitches an my arm felt like it wasnt connected to my body the next day. Going to throw again and see where im at.
Food Network #Star premieres at 9p|8c Love you G but I'm #TeamAlton & #TeamJudson all the way!
well fa-uk ya den i was jus askin
Best sauce for grilling alpaca, the winner is garlic, delicious! Learn grilling tips and more this wknd
Congratulations to Jess for becoming the world's first rapping hobbit. Love you :)
When is it? We can craft something up.
I love helping a lonesome msoe kid get drunk for his 21st birthday at dukes. Mexican christmas tree shot equals blackout!
I am trying to be
Now, a giant badass-looking Crowgulloon on the top of my Space Needle would be the shit. I wonder how much would charge.
Soccer hooligans- beers of England tasting tonight in the bar from 5-7 for $25 with passed appetizers!
bitch you ratchet...lmao that was funny though
as i end this huge expensive bottle of beer think back on all the sips that got me to this point cant i get a whoa #beerclub on 3. 1, 2, 3.
I just bought the URL, everyone else deserves the credit.
Imma stop hooping to come battle u. Who u think u is... Goldberg....
And we're off!
Thanks for the retweet! Enjoy the weekend.
another crazy twist is how dukie became the new bubbles
REMINDER: Final day of Registration is May 11. If you haven't done so, please submit your film asap! Time is running out.
They've casted the actor for "The Jeremy Lin Story" and it's...wait for it...Ryan Gosling.
No judgement! Just don't show it to his prom date. LOL!
Looking 4ward 2 have an awesome day at a music video shoot followed by a Legs workout 😊
10 ugly men in Rochester. Nice time. Now the rest of the night.
what's good 9?
"I dont care abt the very poor.."Let's focus on jobs(I don't care about civil&eco rights of that 5-10%Gay,mere 15-30million)
The CADD Lab should be cool. "Architectonic". A show about architecture without architecture, but rather about conceptualized space. DOPE!
schoolin' is for snobs. haven't you heard?
I am totally not a fan of sweat pants.
We just want to say thank you to all of you for your support! AND of course have a great weekend!
Davis already owned henson....check last play of UNC game...can't wait to play FAT Melo
IN THE WORDS OF "I GOT NO STRINGS ON ME"
Let's Go Duke
May the fourth be with you
:D how was your finals??
Sounds good!
I'm not at #PRNBDI - just couldn't agree more with your tweet :)
haha yes it is ha
seriously...i grew up a #Pistons fan...same feeling...
Durant is unbelievable...i'm a Spurs fan but respect for him..very talented!!
Looked like it was Jed on the live cam
Dear all - sorry about that DM. Something got access to my account somehow. Needless to say, you should not click on the link I sent.
Just crossed into New Mexico. Still bored but is doing an excellent job serenading me.
Don't lie... lol how's the ankle man? Played all night at 24.. That Asian dude Johnny made the switch. LA Fitness < Ballys
I always wanted to go to Australia
We are constantly amazed at how much great music is out there.
so what's new though?
The main holidays are New Years, Memorial Day, 4th of July, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, & Christmas. Which are southern?
Thanks Keith! Any news on Todd? I have definitely been thinking of you...
I KNEW IT
you should have taken two.
RT Fouts wondereing what it would have been like to be tackled by #Seau. Someone in crowd yelled, "Ask #Elway!" twice.
Well, I'm sorry I'm not like her...
Total Blackout on the channel is hilarious!
if J Charles misses games who do I pick up? T Jones or McCluster?
Thought so, we've just talking amongst ourselves. RT oh yeah-hey twitter. i forgot about you.
Strategies when program begins, Third – “Don't hold notes. The audience can see them shake. Use three-by-five cards instead.”
Join us for SJCPL Trivia Night on April 27th! $100 entry per team. Call Sigrid at 282-4670 or email .
Im not perfect and will be the first to admit it.
THE DEVIL IS WORKING.....BUT IMA FIRE DAT BITCH ASS NIGGA TODAY!!!!
Yes I miss
That was awesome. I can now die in peace.
still write a 16 a day..not to b f$cked wit
We buy properties in South Florida.
I think that I only liked you so much because you made me feel the things that he used to make me feel.
Just to clarify: the abbreviation for crazy is spelled "cray" not "cra". Thanks!
enjoy - great to hear!
congrats girl
Haha this is great advice! RT RT : Never drink your roommates last beer.
I miss
- but to lead is to serve. Isn't 'servant' leadership redundant? CEO is at the bottom of the org chart...
Please please please tweet me a goodnight tweet?! Please?! Goodnight Tyler #ILoveYou <3 :)
agreed. Fame has gone to his head. When He first started out he was okay but now he's nott. BTW I miss having classes w/ u!
Weekend snackin: 33 oz of #smartwater and some sour gummy worms xxxtra sugar!
It look so soft! I just want to snuggle it... but I don't think that is its intended use :)
umm. Ya. Lou Holtz is next.
RT It doesn't matter how strict your diet is, if you're going to exercise, you're going to need some fuel for your body.
You're very welcome! Thanks for participating and being such a great spokesperson for !
the lady last night with 6000+ followers is Shireen ()
Wanna be somm's that used to be forklift operators are going to be the death of me...yes, your in a wine class...
I forgot I buy coke yesterday. So it looks like I'm having a cider with my hearty bean and ham soup.
must get Schwertsik back for Toronto Canadian premiere always a challenge!
I was suppose to go back to my granny's -_-.
this is the new guy
is this bitch serious with her duck face? And a dirty sanchez?
Workies then school blah
I got an email that said "Thank you for the size confirmation." Yes, I giggled. Obviously I'm a child.
Fun fact: the title of our song F.I.N.E. is from a movie. What movie?
Lovin the ambient noise of
#votegrahambgt follow me :D
"Running to kick a football you know will be snatched away is both insane and heroic - in a word, human." :) Thx for sharing, dp!
Ah I see, note to self: Don't comment on things said to the world. Learn something new every day.
RT Retweet if you want Chelsea to win the FA Cup final!
#idol's Jessica Sanchez bandwagon officially veers out of control: urges SD to vote, while taking a swipe at Filner, DeMaio
Looks like Ray Harper is going to get his shot... Named interim head coach of WKU!
hmm, this is hard.. Maybe ..YOU!! And demilovato.. Haha(:
": you have to click the link" I did....It came to a blank page
heeeeyyy!! ♥ I CAN'T BELIEVE SOMEONE CALLED YOU CHUNKY :O what a douche! anyways love you! follow? (:
Let's start a Teapot Sect that can have holy wars with Pastafarians.
Agreed. But then my conscience kicks in and partial credit--for what I think they meant--sounds like a good idea. For a moment.
we're looking forward to it! A little more work on Infusionsoft SMS and email alert triggers and the copious content ....
Why dose YouTube have adds now
HAHAHAHA OMG IM SERIOUSLY LAUGHING.
First closing-related nightmare. I expect it won't be the last.
thx to everyone in greater SF who took time to chat this week. Now off to B-more to talk 3Dprinting at #netgenm. then sleep. sweet sleep.
I'm curious. Where do you buy your ?
You can't pick cherries with your back to the tree. -J. P. Morgan
Sorry, I'll stop...
IF YOU DON'T GET A REPLY WITHIN 10 BIZ DAYS THEN UNDERSTAND WE'VE DECIDED TO KEEP LOOKING! WE ENCOURAGE EVERYONE'S EFFORT A 100% or NOTHING!
RT : 16 min until South campus begins at a new location - Barton Creek Mall theater!!// Can't wait!!!
Always remember to speak up for urself when someone tries to take advantage of u..get ur point across
bummer... if your looking to keep entertained you can always tie shop! thesilktie.com
Reveling in this latte.
yup. My parents are from Pakistan, but my daddy moved to Bradford when he was a young lad ;) haha
Aloha WAC. it was good knowing you. to those who fought so hard to keep it alive, i commend you. it was just a tough battle to win.
yep they are like the anti-nyan cat
lol yes, I get wet no matter how hard I try and so does my bookbag :T
Well done. You take on the barista is refreshing. Forget coding you sir are an actor!
Early bird.
aye dm me yo number bro
Makes no sense RT : And why do some in #RichmondBC still insist that these small houses 'destroy neighbourhoods'?
Morning everyone! Who's your favorite dance instructor in DC, MD or VA? Please reply back using the hashtag
Starting a career in museums is brutal, isn't it? Don't lose hope yet!
Cruise! RT : Trying to plan an awesome vacation, where should and I go this year? I was thinking cruise?
Throw Down in Trausch Down. Warriors Play Calvin tomorow.
Indiana Memories
Ooh national margarita day!!
And the special is #PCBW Church Brew Works Inaugural Ale $2.50 Drafts and $8 Growler fills..bring own growler
psych AP test..
“: Art + Science comes together beautifully in the Compleat Cup. #bostoncm”
triple play on deck
early actually its the 25!(:
So I started writing for Blue Ridge Outdoors new online music blog today. It's called Mountains of Music or BRO's MoM for short :)
Pretty new, ha? We should probably talk.. Maybe colaborate. I'm the CEO of my company. Find me Look forward...
RT Larry Page calls Google+ the "social spine" // That is so cute!
I am good thanks. I missed talking to you.
clearly because you're an overachiever. Have fun!
Freshman bbq w !!
Vendor couldn't answer a question on whether they supported #SAML so they emailed a link to stackoverflow. Gee, thanks....
Well, I hope there's in-flight keno.
Just finished up a shirt for the optimists out there. Check it out at www.falloutscreenprint.com and buy it
Name one of our beers! It's a middle of the road American Blonde Ale! Name will be chosen at 4:00!
The butcher committed a crime against teriyaki. For shame.
my time is now. so your time is up.
How are you doing lovely? Thanks for the RT :-)
What is an question YOU would want us to ask as a daily question? We may just use your suggestion! So get your questions in!
RT« Being in a relationship with someone who's just as goofy as I am >> ♥»
When people listen to bands I hate
picasa tells me that it should take 41 more hours to scan my hard-drives (thats just half of them)
this girl has a hairy back o_o
ill take you down next time your in town.
Making faux beef burgundy with
Your site offers one of best basketball IQ development values on the web right now..if only more young players were aware.
Make your holiday party reservation Send us a DM.
btw u must go to fist of flour this Monday-will be fun!
The one thing the NYC subway system has taught me to perfect is my poker face.
We believe we are ahead of the music industry. We offer a free market approach to success!
Gmen for life!
oh hey sorry so many tweets i just remember you tweeted me, i'm great trying to eat a healthy sandwich , you?
has been ranked #1 for owner loyalty!!! Retweet if you're a ford fan! What Ford vehicle(s) do you own? We'd love to see photos too!
I believe that there is no god.
WHEN R U RELEASING UR NEW SONG!??? PLZ SAY SOON!!!!
Very cool! Let us know how it goes!
Condoms are for people who don't take risk lmao live on the edge
Putting on my cheer mom hat.
Google had a ad about a guy & girl who broke up. He wrote an email asking for a 2nd chance. WHAT WAS HER ANSWER? I need to know dammit!
haha. I guess it has a similar shape. iPhones don't taste as good tho.
A lot of huge things coming up for Revenj Jean Federation. Be sure to follow us for the latest update from RJF
I'm not sure, but I know I love it. :)
So many good choices! We love Ping Pong Dim Sum, Zengo, Rosa Mexicano and Poste, to name a few!
Where are my dragons?! Wow, I love
Ugh this is not how I wanted to spend Valentines Day.
After reading a cookbook last night, i realized that there was no character development and plotline was very scattered.
We ripped the carpet up today, and Maggie and izzie just don't know what to think about this concrete floor.
Just got attacked for 5 whole minutes by an evil bird while running. Legitimately thought it was going to be my last moment on earth.
The Doomsday Vault is so cool; it's like this big squirrel operation--putting seeds on ice in case of a nuclear winter.
I just heard the funniest colombian insult- "chino huevon estece quieto carajo!"
Terrible news about WFNX. It's annoying but essential.
When force of will falls short, politics is required. Not automatically a bad thing, but YMMV.
Rooting for hometown favorite from to show them how it's done here in #Austin!
Thanks so much. We're really pumped about this year.
She likes everything. RT : On a dinner date with my side piece
congratulations to coach farello....pg county coaches coach!!!
YES! RT : There's less than 1,000 tix left for tonights game against the Mavs. I'll be there.Will you?
im supposed to be mtg with my boss now but wont go until i hear from #Mubarak. watching and waiting to hear word from #Egypt!
one day im gonna go to brazil and celebrate carnival. then imma go to new orleans the next year and celebrate mardi gras :)
"Do you think in heaven, everyday is an Ugly Sweater Party?" -smelly cat lady thought to her self.
Remember to always pursue what brings you happiness! “Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.” -Aristotle
Austin asking me to be his girlfriend on my birthday made that day all more perfect(:
If your significant other has a secret "office" that's always locked & he spends most of his waking life in there, he's a serial killer.
Morning rains turn into ice later today. Shall stay inside & off the roads & explore what we can do with the computers today with my boys.
A human being is not attaining his full heights until he is educated
you know you're letting me borrow the second book when you're done!
Got a speeding ticket a little while ago. I asked the cop how he arrived at the speed on my tix, radar he said................
Making Mealtime Special- Tip #3 Add side dishes like a Cesar salad or bread – change up your normal routine.
#WhyDoiAlways want to look good when nobody even likes me..
really doe rhea
yay so cute!
Can't wait to catch up with all of my tweeps this weekend at our next #NLCInstitute!
I love you sylvan
uhoh theBOB is vacuuming must be something the hound did
nope! Chuck Testa
Mine started "decharging" even while plugged in. It limped along for a few months, but it just came to a halt too.
all is fine RT : Delta flight 2295 from Salt Lake City reported possible hydraulic problems San Diego Fire standing by
Who attended the National Dog Show this weekend? Tweet us pics and stories!
Some people are just nutso-cuckoo. And the people encouraging their shitty behavior are no better.
what am i gnna do tonight....... i jus want my stomach rubbed cuz my shit is hurtin
My phone's a spazz!
A chicken salad cup with crackers makes the perfect afternoon snack.
thanks again for feeding our volunteers at Girard Garden!They've worked up a big appetite pulling weeds,planting &painting
Dinner at Arni's in Greenwood...love the junior salad there!
So excited to see you guys 2nite!
I think I saw David Putty sitting in the stands at the game. #devils!!!!
Why does it take so long to get a prescription filled?!
goodmorning morning to you too beautiful
#StayAwayFromMe if I am belligerently drunk and out of cigarettes
Great Episode The Pimple Your Still Beautiful With Pey
Man, this looks just like Showbiz Pizza!
majority leader now. Lol
Need a little motivation to eat healthy and hit the gym? Summer officially starts in 58 days!
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Chicago! When they come through drop in say Hello!
I don't like promising someone something at night cuz tht means I have to stay up
dude...you are getting on my freaking nerves. Stop asking questions!
No, but I've seen him do it. Also play the drums standing up from the other side, and do body percussion. Always great!
cooking some food
You ain't real unless u was born on
We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same - Carlos Castaneda (RT )
is it wrong 4 me 2 feel this way
RT : Free article thru 30 March: Low-Skill Employment Opportunity & African American-White Difference in Recidivism...
customer its for the prison for a CO
thanks for the RT Richard Xo
is rubbing off on me I wanna watch Friends!
going to the restroom, huh?
I'm on season 2 of my rewatch. I always forget just how good this show is.
agreed. A Cuban paradox, of sorts.
grrrrrr. Hacks are never fun
now is it too much to ask for the others to win also..lol
The lights are back yay!!!
Time to make the Rocketchix donuts
Pouring rain in New Orleans for #finalfour championship game
Hey We smacked your boy Paul again, hard. Its okay, he'll find out real fast you just cant go to another team a win it :)
Congrats on a
Scotland Yard: Call your friends, build a team, prepare, and dethrone "F' Mountain" Wed at 8pm. You have what it takes? Trivia Night!!
Heading out for first day back to work (finally) since my injury three weeks back. Good to have less pain, more mobility!
This class Hella weird
R.I.P. to Miss Whitney Houston!
We love you more!
Happy Imbolc everyone!
i don't want someone perfect in my life , i want someone real ..
So like I see your girl friend undress herself every odd day, August. You jelly? c;
Making playlists. Anybody else want one? No? Ok.
Welcome, you handsome fella.
hopefully leaving soon so probs 12:30ish :D btw you're helping me study for my finals. And LOVE your prom dress
so what was that? The front or the back?
Thanks for another gr8 event last night! Good to see everyone
See YOUu soon!!!!
The #AmericanU application deadline is tomorrow! Don't forget to submit your app! Looking forward to #AU2016!
#nowplaying The Fifth Element. I love the way president Debo delivers his lines, like he learned them phonetically. He's like black Arnold
keep it up! thanks!
im waiting for your vlog .... lol
why do i keep hearing children speaking aloud, unprompted in public places?
I saved you a matchpack
can i buy tickets to ur concert thingy and if so where? If anybody else knows can u plz tell me thx
Happy easter...and I didnt get a chocolate bunny.
damn iPhone locked up and left me with nothing. Lol!
#Spurs into the QF's!
not on twitter?
I stayed home I feel like shit
#yoga time :)
The Power of Your Subconscious Mind show www.focussociety.com come join in on the discussion
Seeing a spider, isn't a problem. It becomes a problem when it disappears.
Maybe too late for lunch suggestions, but stop at the Union Terrace for beer/popcorn and incredible people-watching!!
Oh, i would so be there if i weren't sick! RT : We'll be at #digitalIQ trivia night @ Science Club tonight... cc:
can't wait to see little doug, good luck bro.
Meet me @ the airport!! MCO on my way!
I think I may try and plan a trip to Georgetown this year...WHO DEY!
I haven't told my mom happy mother's day, she doesn't deserve it.
Too funny! But, so glad. Seriously? Why? Life is too short! So glad you are feeling better!
Thanks for the mention ! Follow us back for coffee tid bits. We are a new local biz offering office coffee and water services.
lol! I miss yo funny ass! That's good I bet she's a big girl now. I've bn fine. took u lng enough lol I thought u were actin funny
Caroline Lowe's last day at WCCO is tomorrow. She gave me a pair of her winter boots she won't need in CA. I'm honored.
you should follow she's probably your biggest fan!
Happy for rain but now mosquitos are out like crazy. Got two bites while enjoying wine in my swing yesterday. Time to have the yard sprayed!
she has a subtle hotness to her too.
u've gotta take me i wish:(
that was probably the greatest thing I ever witnessed. so much respect.
Hello sir! What's the deal
Watching land before time. Why. Cause I can
Thank you! :) Do I need to sign up to be able to see it?
thanks for the FF tweet! We really appreciate it :)
Agony agony agony!
Toyre made me crave wings now that i finally had them they dint sit well in my stomach (HIGHKEY i hope he sees this lol)
AUSTIN!!! If you follow me I will be you for Halloween and when I hand out candy I'll hand them a flyer with your info on it:)
They also want to eliminate the forward pass. My Badgers have been anticipating that move for years though
RT : Wanted to let our Maui customers know that the new Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf store in Wailea has WIFI.
You drive a benz but you n ya girl bought it together.
Cablevision Systems Corporation Reports First Quarter 2012 Results - MarketWatch (press release)
new boots <3
I'm not cutting my hair anymore .
Yes. Goo BULLS!! I love my team nd we did it again Hahaha?!!!
#WeLiveInAWorldWhere loosing your phone is more dramatic than your virginity.
What's wrong?
I was watching that earlier with Bryz. he said "Why not make Save by whistle? it save lot of goal team get on me"
yea man link up
they asked to see a skill she didn't want to do so and she just walked out!!! So I think so.
lol - no, I was pretty much in a daze, to be honest. haha.
Oh and, big thanks to & for letting me be totally awkward around them.
hahaha yeah are you tweeting trough text or are you on your computer?
I suspect if we followed the diet from about 1000AD we'd probably be quite skinny
"being kinky is using a feather, perverted is using the whole chicken"
April 15th is our gas card drawing. To enter, "like" us on FB. FB username is Herfindahl. Good luck! We all could use one of these.
Dude in front of me was getting a BJ from his lady friend on 76E in rush hour traffic. Stay classy!
New wipers make all the difference.
:D megha can't wait to get her hands on them
I respect them, but I don't appreciate them.
sorry dudes, I have no idea what you're talking about...screaming monkeys??? What's that?? Where is it at???...
I wanna get on the slingshot ride at the del Mar fair!!!
Money won't bring you happiness but will sure pay the bills!!!!!!!!!
I am playing against the guy who knocked me out of the playoffs last year, who would you start at QB Flacco or Big Ben?
Wow I can't believe Whitney is gone, I remember going to her house numerous times when she lived in Alpharetta...so sad 😞
Soups tonight: chicken 'n chorizo chili, and Gypsy veggie.
what the fuck? Are you trying to copy ideas for the book you're writing? I hate that fuckin queer Harry
Casey Kasem is still alive. Seriously.
she could kick your ass..shut up hoe.
Stop creeping on my tweets
Nope, back home now, working on book, and looking for way to do a recovery roadtrip.
To watch my students become superstars is reward enough. To hear them singing brilliantly is a joy beyond compare.
When I get married one day I want to design my dress! He is so fierce <3
's ratios are what I follow too. What vermouth and whisky are you using?
So, we'll see you saturday night at , Kapeesh? hit us up for tickets, we'll get em to you faster than a fuckin cobra.
Did you take your video camera home with you?
oh give it a rest ! You know ZNF is my home. cc/
I'm kinda scared to look at it..well, here it goes!
ahahaha ph that must be fun :P
too bad! come back!
Dedication: DON THOMPSON, I love you Dad. You left too soon. Always in my heart. I feel your presence. I love you. Vanessa
I'm not much of a book history person except happily by proximity, but am really taken with Suarez's advocacy of bibliographic literacy.
#Boston Worst has #175 NEW followers THX in 96 hrs since my #job #interview #SEO. #Age #Discrimination is a crime #CEO !
I'm thinking you go to another room with each choice watch decide and move on
is officially in the studio!
. Your account is locked. A better strategy would be to unlock it so that potential followers will know what you tweet about.
Mr Blow! music could speak to this tragedy in a million ways: comforting us all in this one and preventing future tragedies!
Scott is headed to India and will present a workshop on #strategy implementation with Robin #Speculand in Mumbai on December 16, 2011
editing drums and working on "tones" today... its gonna be a great day.
yeah yeah! But it dont matter bc I got you
I will accept Axl Rose in lieu of Johnny Cash.
It's a Sunny Crisp morning! The tortillas are ready, and the coffee is brewing!
other gems: "we all die alone" right after i broke up with my hs boyfriend and "i want to play sunrise/sunset at your wedding" #Mom!
Mike Woodson's goatee bothers me.....
oh my god aim o:
ikr, I wonder what they are goin to do now
I've honest never heard a dubstep song nor would I know one if I heard one, and I already know I hate it.
kevin has great taste in music can never get enough of lmfao sexy and i know it thank you hooking me to it
Is it just me, or does that holiday jingle sound a helluva lot like the theme from Home Alone? #ah!
Not in the mood for anything right now. I think i better just go to bed. Shutting the phone off so i dont see your stupid texs or get yo ...
Only cus I need some affection ,Soo I Creep Yeaahhh just keep it on THA down low since nobody is suppose to know ,
would love to load the pigs with you! Sad I missed it but I promise today was more than a good day, 1 of the best.
We love our chocolate covered macadamia nuts, but a real #Hawaiian #chocolate treat..any of 's made frm scratch bars..swoon!
At electric daisy experience, excited for some EDM and maybe some chill people. Holoprism goggles going on soon.
it was done by accident
OLLU Softball - Won 2-1 over University of Houston -- Victoria
Lolol I love it when in the movie breaking dawn they give speeches in the weedingXD
If I were a lame
hey, watch out, nats coming up fast
what's your opinion on isanyoneup.com? Seems kind of messed up to me.
Who's up for a virtual phone bank with tonight? Help support the #MD #bagfee! DM or email me for details.
Here we go
: I WILL SEE!
I gave it my body and mind, but I have kept my soul. ~ Phil Jackson
And her and her gfs have a little store. So I think they just spend all day there crafting. And posing.
how about...no
Glad I didn't finish the #PennState kool-aid...raise millions for kids then celebrate by getting obliterated on a made up holiday.
Give to every human being every right that you claim for yourself. ~Robert Ingersoll
I got to tell you something!!
We're also interested in learning what unique gift your service or therapy animal may have received this Christmas.
A wise man once said "Always listen to " :) Who am I to mess with wisdom? Let's do it!
Colleges aren't available to better oneself in knowledge persay, but to drink up your money in hopes that you become a productive citizen
I know right! RT Lucky! Lucky! Lucky!
“: Celtics, enough w. the jump shots go to the basket! ” Agreed, Rondo needs to penetrate
I am...please “: Gotta go to the store real fast.. Anybody tryna go with me????”
Omg I am excited & nervous all at the same time!!!
what channel is it on? :/
This rain is getting old. It better not keep me from having my brekkie tacos!
On-Camera and scene study in an hour.
thanks for the support - looking forward to our event at the Phoenix Zoo on 4/21, Hope you can make it!
PV dinner tryna get tan like us
We dry rite now. Keeps wine on deck. Probably go grab something
Thom Yorke is teaching me how to dance.
open court
Took another Rocket Risk! This one has my whole body shaking with excitement.
My mind has been blown. Lilly wrote the song "Alfie" about her brother Alfie Allen... who plays Theon Greyjoy on Game of Thrones!
/// As far as the Dilla Day part.....yea that was pretty effed up. Dude just disappeared after he said he will pay Danny..
Please see my answer on to: How do you change a current mediation agreement? - Has the original mediation agree...
Grasshopper Point Tomorrow for Labor day!!! I need me a Fun-Day Monday ;-)
you need to calm urself!!!! Hahaha hold on u whore ;*
Putting the FAT in Fat Tuesday with some Border Walk Fries.
haha true... stupid wet sock from tyhe damn ice bag
U r so welcome. Excuse the text / twitter form of communication.
MT Towpath Cafe: charming resto in London. Hidden waterside spot. Simple, lovable food. Perfect omelet w garlic scapes
These are 5 basic steps to make money online with affiliate program
And suddenly random bands are following me?
Really? I gotta say you complain about the Browns a heck of a lot too......and so do I. Well actually who doesnt....
Thanks Ed! Got it on the record :)
congrats on making the laughing skull finals.
I wouldn't touch that slut with a 10 foot pole!
if I can someday, I will. might have to give you an oral report instead :)
Thomas Edison would be fucking pissed if he saw how your company was run
Two kids one love who cares if we make it up
A new website, new video series, summer show dates, & a new album are ALL IN THE WORKS! Many exciting dates soon to come :)
Triple FTW? :p
PRAY FOR ME PHYSIO EXAM TOMORROW NEED TO KILL IT 🙏🙏🙏
Congrats on the selection Fred.
Permanent magnet propulsion is possible as electromagnet from a rail gun. Works both ways in nature. Truth. Thk-U4 follow
Under 10 to play, #UMass lead is down to 57-54. Last few minutes have been dominated by Chaz Williams and Ramone Moore
Critical thinkers question everything.
heheh thanks! Yea, i ♥ Ari's voice, i love all her songs and covers, she should do more covers on YoutTube!♥
You already know family. I'll be in touch. One love.
Yes, this has been the playoffs of 3 goal comebacks but no team ahead had Tim Thomas in their net, no way the Bruins will give up 3+ goals
HAHAHA.. I believe in a thing called loovveee
you're gonna totally dominate your ultra. Let the training take over - and keep me posted, I want to cheer you on :)
Timbers getting worked to start off the second. What on earth did you say spencer?
I'm at ces too! Lg booth
ah dammit. i cant find my trousers!
When are you going to release some more music? Your #millerites cant wait!!!!
“: i'll puff one for you and Lord Quas” you sweet angel. Strictly haze for days
awesome! Ah!
"My public service is not concluded." - Says he wants to focus on a farm bill & nat'l security in last 8 mos
Not sure I am diggin' the neon duds- reminds me of DOT construction attire : your cats are wearing the same crazy-fun
Shut up lmaooo
Reminder for all you poetry-hungry Pasadenans: Ron Carlson and Sandra Gilbert are reading this afternoon at Vroman's, 4 p.m. sharp.
I agree--I just like to sit and experience it all..I'm guessing it's not as hot there as it is here in Tulsa right now....
Dancing with the stars still airs? lol
RT Getting principals on Twitter? Possibilities for connecting with other principals, learning beyond their buildings
I love how I feel after i run 🏃👌
I think a deep copper red would look fantastic on you. It would blend with your skin & bring out your eye tone.
RT Nuggets gonna even tonight. Can't expect us to shoot as bad /// what was that O?
I need to do a Sports Night rewatch for real. Good thing I own it. Sorkin taught me everything I know! And he has no idea!
The coffee mug is mine! (at least, it will be in 3-4 weeks)
yup so hang tite
...when so many muslims hate us/America because THEY know we are based in Christianity. Libs=
When does your patio open ? Best patio in #dc!
You gonna make it out to #SEMF2012 tonight? Would love to see you.
First couple months in LA: great manager? Check. Great voiceover agents? Check. Great commercial agents? CHECK. Bring it on, LA!
Another sunday for all, hope your day is a good 1 will love happiness and fun. Twit later, oh priest is not a bad film , see it
the fuck? Well I am , back off.
RT : Pisses me off more than anything when people KNOW we close at 12 and they BS around... It's 12:15. I should be at home
What is her username on twitter? DM me
Our common room is right by the kitchen so we win, despite what other say, haha.
i love my two cuzzins and :)
i feel u
so you showed them your low post moves?
debatable for sure. The clash ruled.
am I not allowed to have a girl crush?!
did not win best dance night!?! TRAVESTY! I demand a recount!
Happy Birthday Billy! Have a good one bud :)
Check home e-mail.
Dire Straits was a good choice.
They should be! Lol Happy Birthday! RT : I got cupcakes from ! Jealous much? #BAM!
Are you seeing more ants this winter? My story on the warmer temps and bugs coming up at 6pm!
man we're going to have a blast online nowadays!! exclusive behind the scenes footage and exclusive instagram posts of ur fave models
I'll bring the flashlights.
Just remember if their talking about you, your doing something right!
We’ve seen the special performance of du Soleil @ #drupa 27 times we still LOVE it! hall 8b Hurry!
I just found myself hoping to see a cockroach. Someone to listen to my jokes.
Who knew caring so much would just turn into me falling on my face because you dropped me.
Happy Birthday to our recruiter, Adam!
oh Lordy, I'm not ready for that yet
How many social networking things do you have???
Every Coney Island has that one cook with WAY too much facial hair.
Was Rick Carlisle move to start Barrea that big a call? I've had him starting on my NBA 2K11 team the past 2 seasons?
Just a few hours until my second #DenverRestaurantWeek dinner. (First Table 6, now Strings). Yay for great food!
your brother called ever move you did.
What's next? :)
Wow, thanks for constantly blurting out weather updates, office mate.
Eva, you are an amazing singer!! God bless! <3
Of course!
RT : T2 the whole point of MU and the transition to EHRs is to make this process easier, and the rules should reflect this.
Sitting on my porch this afternoon a cool breeze wafted over me...from inside my house. It's 8° cooler inside than outside.
Can I get a RT? I love you in that 70's show I'm watching it right now
GO BRONCOS!
now following back
When two people really care about each other. They will always look for a way to make it work, no matter how hard it is.
“: I just felt super duper gay sending that message to lol” anything for you baby girl ;)
He will be missed ...": Another talented artist dies. RIP Thomas Marth. #Killers"
Can't wait for Record Store Day this Sat. & the exclusive Mountain Goats DVD at Fingerprints in LB. What indie record store will you visit?
Cutest student quote ever: "Every night before I go to bed, I play chess with my daddy. Last night, I won." -Lily, 7 (commas added)
I just videoed myself again. I'm gonna make my own reality show!
You two should do some sort of seminar or conference together. That would be amazing!
ha ha Torts, what a story. Yeah Rupper is good company as well!
Yes, thank you for mentioning that
There's a little sound... just from the chopper. Our pilot's mic is off.
did you know? some brands still sync their facebook status updates w/ their twitter acct. ya, i know. yuck.
he must have a lesbian fetish. i know i do(x
tropezar el dedo pequeño del pie contra el pie de la mesa
I fill you baby
Sounds like a professor to me! My gender and comm prof at Stonehill was the one that convinced me to go to grad school.
SINGLE LIFE aint 4 everybody but sometimes datz watz best.... #it is wat it is
please tell me you bought that.
why not?
Another shooting-- this time in North Minneapolis. will have more details at 7:10 on
On the road to Arkansas!
don't worry, he probably can't afford the means to pull it off...be strong and courageous!
Wow. Information overload. Ever been there before trying to learn all the new stuff out there? :)
Awww Dee!!You are the best!So happy you found me on here! Have SO much to catch up on, how is everythin with you?! I miss you woman!
okay lets go right now!
I feel giggly.
3 minutes left :O
He took it hard yesterday, ask the fellas...had a mild one yesterday and shook all of them. He didn't want to discuss it, I understand.
Got home in time for the second half of the IU game. Go hoosiers
Will be good 2 round !!!
Just picked up this week's Houston Press. Lolz!
hey! where'd you get your handy-dandy business cards?
#MMWordAssociation Ron Burgundy = Glass Case Of Emotion
A library-type room, close to the Memphis Conven Ctr. where we can shoot without interruption/lots of noise. Easy access...
you were going to watch Tank Girl, weren't you? My favorite Ice T movie.
My sisters birthday tomorrow >>>>>>>> 21! Wepaa :P
8 miles on
thanks Matt! we'll keep you posted as to our exact launch date. we hope you enjoy.
just saw your new video. go get em
Good looks Lala I'm so hyped up right now... lets celebrate in SoHo in a few weeks I know you're down
I love the feeling that I sink into my bed when I'm comfy.. :D
I hate lending stuff out because mostly I never get them back. 😒
Happy to go see 2 movies @ #MSPFest12 - "Where do we go Now" and "Policeman." Sad to be missing so many great docs though.
#packers have to cheat to beat Da Bears... terrible officiating throughout the game...
For all the signs saying Lin who and how they don't need him, looks like GS coulda really used him after all in the final seconds...
darn straight I do!! Facebook me free dates! We'll find one that works! Will get in on it too!
": Personally think is amazing so talented an deserves everything he has got!" Totally agree ☺
look forward to makin some huge moves with ya.Check your email.next time u Come to dallas on a monday speak @ our industry meeting.
Follow artist new music coming soon
I can't sit here being Christopher Hitchens to a community of nitwits all my life.
oh my #godga u look amaziing just fabulous !!
Nice , Hope that hamstring is ok.
Lunch Time! Prime yourself for lunch tomorrow by getting a large Meglio's Triple Baked Specialty Pie for just 10 bucks on www.crowdclick.com
put a picture up...join the sophisticated class.
Well so much for Jelly Beans media hyped rd 1 flu game in comparison to MJ's Finals Flu game...
Keep the internet free. SOPA is censorship.
once again, you never fail to make me laugh like an idiot when i read your tweets. i really hope paul sees your tweets. omfg.
me too! School sucks!
congrats & good luck! I got one tomorrow!
i think that's so cool.
do you conduct any seminars near Texas or its border states?
According to Elliman’s report, the active inventory of 7,221 apartments is less than the 10 year average
Ah I'm tweeting from an iPad this Is awesome:)
Maybe it's just me, but do the 2012 Rangers remind anyone of the 1998 Astros? Key similarity: Very few flaws.
YES I DID.
Paul Molitor was the first player to get 5 hits in the first game of the 1982 World Series.
I'm fantastic...I mean #Nicktastic! How's Germany?
Dear Self, Today you will shine. Love, You. #review!
So many things to do, prioritizing and trying to sneak in some down time. How's your Saturday?
Happy International Women's Day! Who has inspired you? The floor is open... #internationalwomensday #inspiring women
Your welcome Anne! If you have anymore questions we're only a tweet away!
It's hard to be a creative thinker when you live and work within boundaries of walls without windows. Do some internal remodeling!
Packers whooped on the Vikings 45 to 7 :D
it's okay lol
Working on GREAT STORMS today. Writing about history is a reminder of how much is beyond our control and that we're all just blips in time.
awesome should be able to for that game when it gets cold more tickets available
Started new job with Marketing! Time to update my twitter name. Votes? McKenzeRogers, RogersTHAT, McKenzeWillRan, other?
u wish hoe
And you may use my neologism, "inde-gether-ness" at your leisure. Please cite The Hankins Estate per rider guidelines.
The matrix is a wierd ass movie
I wish..
we love awesome #customerservice titles, too! one of our favs on our team? The Woman Behind the Curtain, aka
Even Office Space is better after living here. This state is weird as fuck.
Thanks yall too! Just let me know when and I will tell him! :)
Slowly fading away lost and so afraid.
Student Q about women who speak up labeled as "over emotional" J Williams: polite women do not change the world - speak up
"It's time for DEMOCRACY NOT CORPORATOCRACY"; rock it, rap it, slam it, jam it, shout it way out loud.
why not?
Talking to about stupid random things, just like the old days. So good to be best friends again. (:
Muchas Gracias , , for feeding our volunteers today!
its a bich not having my charger , just gonna watch a movie and knock out
I love you! :D
Youu Can Get A Massage From There !>____<
dude, she just randomly texted me. that is cause she is a slut. oh wait, she is classy and wants a real man
nvm, apparently everyone in my house has eaten BUT ME.
#confessionnight when i heard you sing the other day my nipples got hard. haha but for real, it was sexy.
. What a shame small boys don't live 382 years.
Excellent. See you all then!
Back in MKE after an absolutely amazing vacation 2 the Bahamas. Off 2 Horny Goat 2 watch the Packers & annual Parts House Assoc. mtg.
Oh my gosh the new pirates of the caribbean movie was intense. So good!
Just got word, #Rockies-Braves scheduled to resume at 10:30.
RT Starvation diet no exercise works well. Toenails and ear jam never tasted more delicious, and with no carbs either
128 at bowling. My personal best! (Don't laugh)
Been slackin on my twitter lately
Thank You Mr. And Mrs. Horan for bringing a sexy Irish guy like into the world!
Goodnight from the Winners Circle
"We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children." ~Native American Proverb
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash WB Beltline between South Towne and John Nolen. Right lane blocked. Use caution.
48 hours untill this tour launches!!! Who would think this old road dog could be this excited!!
I just got finished reading a book by Robert Blackman called MLM Mastermind. It is very informative book.
Money Saving Tip #58: Consolidate your student loans.
pretty pictures are free
All of these photos are so cool. Thank you for sharing the behind-the-scenes experience!
haha you need to catch up!!! It's like the best show on TV...
Werth: broken wrist, probably out 3 months
Follow us on Twitter
at my parents house in oak creek... Their cable and Internet is not working and apparently hasn't for weeks.
Trouble with Facebook is that they're web based - they have to get into mobile, TV, etc.
Halfway through Lisa Gansky's book "The Mesh: Why the Future of Business is Sharing" quite insightful. Its a good read.
About to be an uncle AGAIN probably the 50th time...my siblings won't stop having babies! What is this a Messican factory or something?
cleaning til my food gets here ^_^
I have never been more proud of myself in my entire life than I am right now.
R parts of the Rebellion Papers published? I feel like there is a book out there can't remember title
Visuals & photos are critical online for getting DiCaprio's social messages understood quickly
my blackberry is my digital man servant
Forgot how much I loved this game. On Legendary, and bustin' tail!!!
'Fallout' by Marianas Trench is my new song obsession.
what's with the Jemima-like commercials for Glory Foods? #PopSouth asks.
I think more people should call you. I was mowing the lawn. thought you were gonna be later than usual... sorry
are y'all doing any kind of ticket give away for the one direction/big time rush concert?
Happy Mother's Day to M Kopilas for raising a great man & my mom Dr Shirley Boelter-Gibson who was smart, beautiful, demanding and inspiring
makes me tell him how to spell this sick shit he says on here...because he's illiterate. lolol .
done!! I'll put the order in for when you #GetHere!!!
Yeah, i Know the feeling too ): They need to Get there dancing bootys to somewhere near boston!
Baron need to retire he is done
i walked into bed & went on tumblr....im not going to bed till 3 now..
I am thinking about getting a Mercedes-Benz B 200 Turbo for a new car!
“: I wish I knew what was wrong. #malepains”
that was an awesome bday party--tacos and in purple tights.
I woulda laughed too
It's Singles Awareness Day.
'The foundation of every state is the education of its youth.'
last night i dreamed about us meeting eachother and that we hugged..AWWW-_- i hope that dream comes true<21
that was #STUPID FUNNY
that would be nice! 😃
C'mon K State!!
My name is Aaron
Exercise for at least 30 min. per day during the holiday season, and you can avoid putting on excess pounds!
Let's face it , leggings arent for everyone ... Esspecially the elderly and out of shape .
wish big willy was in stilly ;)
...WE CAN MAKE SUM SHH HAPPEND AS SOON AS I GET BACK .
apparently the camera on a macbook doubles quite effectively as a contact mic. #merz,
Ask about a kit sponsor.
Heading over to the Lynden Sculpture Garden today to scout out some locations for a new project.
#DCFoodies Follow our friends from a good ol' American Classic joint! Perfect weather for a bubbly grilled cheese!
Even though i'm thinking this "good things come to those who work" "everyday i'm hustling" is really ringing in my head on rewind.
Lunch time folks! hope everyone's day is going well, know mine is now that I got my #bartab drink with my lunch! $1 drinks are a win win!
CREEPY VAN - Ray William Johnson Video Parody
RT : Come take monthly jam tonight at 7:30!
Day 4: over the continental divide, onward to Flagstaff, AZ...
New goal: work with the gorgeous Her campaign is so beautiful. let's make it happen
DEBATE HIGHLIGHTS - Mitt: Let me flip-flop for a second here.
aww thank you! You too! (: x
Check out www.watchnhllive for all the games live online enjoy!!!!
So sad I can't come :( I only travel one week a month and yet all the fun stuff always happens the week I'm gone.
On my way to work. I hope my training day goes better than Ethan Hawke's in "Training Day" :o Nah, I'm fired up and feeling positive.
Crazy that #BestMusical was LofFaith's only nom too; how you can you be overall best when none of the elements are nom'd?
# FF ; Shes friggen awesome, and my best friend even though we met just last year we have been through a lot. #LotLove GO FOLLO
#RedSox put new door in dugout. It's locked. No one can find a key. So, and are live on the street.
I love the Miami Heat!!!! :D
Why? why? is this chick checking out my ass? Damn, wish we could go back to the days when shit like this was kept discreet.
Wow! Twitter was really fun, but very addicting. I have to put the twins to bed now, dont want them fussing at me. I will continue tmrw
I just want head from Adele
My dad had to get off the phone with me because he dropped a 2 liter Dr Pepper and it went spraying everywhere. HAHA
Hello from #NYC to #Ukraine!
giirllll you keep doing you! Forget the haters and losers
