Tune into tomorrow morning to hear the illustrious pontificating on Marriage Equality, young voters, and beards
DC gets the cold shoulder from offshore #CRE investors in 2012 AFIRE survey www.afire.org
how does the weather look for Bedlam?
amber seriously just shut the fuck up please
Circumstances do not make a man, they reveal him. Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
I know. I need to find my old iPhone (on android now) and try it out!
crossfit south Baltimore. My friend Sean owns it. C u Tuesday!
lol yes dear!!!
hey thanks!
Let's do this! pre-fight show in less than 20!
Just keep following the heartlines on your hand
Walked by the new Bob Barker building in LA last night. It looks beautiful! Congrats!!
#ThingsMyExSaid "i love you so much and we'll be together forever(:"
Congrats - trailer looks great! Look forward to the day that I can count myself among the B&M.
Today in my World Geography class I learned about Louisville, Kentucky :)
Come on! Champagne & Chickenheadz
Giant Eel's music video "The Stranger" for makes it onto top 15 of 2011 list
You're awesome!(:
Truth. However, MIA is by far the worst of all evils RT : my least favorite airport is "all of them"
New dinner menu! ...Come check it out!
And thank YOU for the follow back! : )
Victor Bout, finally caught!
cory montieth looks just like my crush from school me gust mucho ok
Another exciting week ahead.
Need a quiet place to work or study? Check out the Quiet Zone in the library (The East Wing) #AskALibrarian if you're unsure of where to go.
"when I wake from dreaming, tell me is it really love" How will I know? - :))
just hit you on text Trace... gotta check yo iphone ..good to have you back in town.sort out day to hang .Ciroc Lemonade its on!
#SomewhereInTheGhetto there's a $.50 on a dollar bridge card sale.
Great script meeting for my new feature film "Rule # 7"
Loosing to the Hornets. Not LINinng (neither is 8 turnovers)
has got my back. You should get him/her on your back. Thank you,
idk how someone can love to run that much
Indeed I do! I shall be making a blog post about the nifty 1930s book cases this evening.
Oh fun. All connected.
People will put anything online.
20pega u.u
you the fucking best
If Pelosi or Obama came to address #OccupyDC , perhaps addressing GA, would that make Occupiers feel more positive about them?
It's an REM kind of Friday.
sorry we missed you. hope to see you again soon.
You hate each other yet you follow each other?? Totally makes sense. Get your fighting asses off my timeline
Man I'm glad RosettaStone accepts returns. Haha.
#TimKaine housing is a spectrum.
eagerly anticipates 's Wikis for #Genealogy talk at this morning's CGSSD meeting
Mary! What the hell are those CodePink nuts saying>> "We support the murder of our troops."?? Jesus, are those women Americans???
We did it hitting the stage
good luck with your script! I loved the first one if u remember! Edimburgh film festival 2008!
Was that lightning? I think it was. Oh thats thunder! My rain is coming! Yay #thunderstorms (:
Hey #yankeeuniverse.....thoughts on the trade? Right now, not happy about it.
3 hour pit stop in Ireland.
thanks for the retweet
I'm in the film business. The wide angle close up is not flattering on anyone! New Pic please #becauseicare!
Keeping close eye on phone after sticky fingers kid of mine buggered it up.
When I make it clap, I want a round of applause.
is this your Freaky Friday?
Good day at the office!
Thanks for the follow Mark! (). Love to meet fellow Chicagoans....
Working title for my last-minute presentation tomorrow: "Of Magnetic Tape and Metadata, or, How to Succeed With a Lot of Effort"
sorry we missed each other this time around!
dont even know what to do anymore
It ain't much but it's a start You got me swinging right along to the song in your heart
Bernards: "Southeast Asian Lit comes at the very end of #MLA12, but at least there is a session on SEA." SEA Sino-phone Culture panel
No email... :( I was SUPER fast!
SF is one of the cities we're considering expanding to. In town this wk. Let me know if you'd like to meet. cc
Your cryfarts smell like Woodrow Wilson
Now watching roommate with my big brother ah how much I love my only brother lol
Mahi Gato at L.A. Punk Noir. June 26th. Purchase your ticket and lapunknoir.com
LMFAO 's comment. Hit a layup and you don't have to worry about the Pacers celebrating on your home court
Thank you Ashley!
Come in now, Clean
2354 n Milwaukee ... Just south of Fullerton.
So true, thanks for sharing!
#sundayfunday “: Three sisters Indian Feast! Thanks to w/”
Ok everyone, stay focused on what you want and look for all possible solutions.
Good for you , I hope this makes up for the past!
Uh oh might be my new crush...watch out
Thanks David!!! hope we get to play again soon!
As a thank you for liking my facebook page and following me on twitter. Receive 20% off virus removal service. This offer expires 9/30/2011
Set up a google alert on myself and so far all I've gotten are 2 obits for Mary Quicks in Missouri and Kansas. RIP ladies.
oh...you're still young! :::sigh:::
i hear the new sony blu-ray unit the bdp-s790 will be the best player in the USA is what i was told if it comes out i hope.
community meeting on the redevelopment of the closed down #RedVicMovieHouse Wed/7pm 1727 Haight Street
Don't let a boy ruin your life.
Watching George Lopez .
It worked! I am so creeped out right now!
we're looking forward to see you too! :)) #TEENHOOT woo!
LOL don't u have to work? I think I'm going that friday before. IDK I don't want to go. lol
OMG SO LIKE IM IN CLASS AND FOLLOWED ME :D best day EVER 😃😃
RT : Congrats to & all on their #USGBC Md Awards.
message me
I predict that head ends up in a yard sale and people will FIGHT over it!
happy to be promoting tnight at L2, women+ green economy = happiness
FUTURE ON 106 AND PARK !!!!! SAME DAM TIME HUBBY FAVORITE SONG
-keeps walking-
oh colorado at least your never boring
When did it become cool for dudes to do their jogging in hot pants?
Don't 4get to get your green on!
All we do is pretty much watch movies. We're not learning anything.
Monday = half off bottles of wine all day!
hahah its gonna help me find my husband this weekend!!
Youve been together for 2 weeks and everyone already knows you fight more than a married couple. Dontcha think theres something wrong?
make a friend request on facebook
Ending my weekend with running on repeat. Great way to end a Sunday.
Dirk has 31 in the second half
New Destination Truth tonight - a haunted location in the desert :)
While my Lakers work to hold down No. 3 in the West, wishing a big win tonight vs. Knicks with No. 8 in East on the line.
April is the wettest in 100 years - Harry Lynch 57&#39;s blog
We play the Spurs vs. the Nuggets tonight. ;)
Watching Along Came Polly
I am a man who believed died 20 years ago & I live like a man who's dead already I have no fear whatsoever of anyone or anything- Malcolm X
RT : I think the Brewers should let throw out the first pitch. He is a legend now in Milwaukee breaking the news.
Yep! Tix go on sale Sat. October 15th. Should be a great show~
“Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.” - Thomas Edison
i Need a Handsome Guy to Go w. this Gorgeous Girl - then ill be cuff'd up . til then - single as can be (:
21 jump street was so funny (:
truth hurts doesn't it?
nhl and nba in seattle is like communism, it looks great on paper but doesn't quite pan out in the real world
is in the green room
hey there producer extraordinaire, do you think you can the second ep up tonight?
he even looks better by the end of my glass.
RT : Companies w/at least 1 woman on their board have better ROE and stock performance -McKinsey.
Lol wait a minute now lol
HAHA!! RT: “: That was really South Carolina of you, North Carolina.”
shortest way to long.
Taking bathroom breaks just to go play temple run or get on twitter >>>
Its not even that serious really grow up pls it was just a comment
check out www.brandchirp.com
door&on how hard you pound and with what.Sledge works well w hardwood door,ballpeen on hollow core,tank on steel
One of these days im go be rocking wit the best
thought about it but didn't want to a meanie! But it is true! :) love ya erinrhodeisland
Remembr Michael Dechalit?Hes a magician in Tucson n does shows in Vegas n hes met u.I kno him n i told him 2 say hi 2 u yrs ago
are you good?
i want to eat red meat and shellfish!!!!
just yelled YOLO as walked across the stage for her diploma.
Do you get in glitter fights often? I can see the word "sparkle" being necessary for those.
WHY DO THE WRISTBANDS HAVE TO BE GIVEN OUT AT 6AM THOUGH. MY AUNT IS CONTEMPLATING NOT TAKING ME CUS ITS TOO DAMN EARLY. WTF ASDFGHJKL.
Although I have been blessed, it's time to MOVE!
What is everyone up to for Cinco de Mayo ??
#Caps Laich on Hunter "I thought he really enjoyed it"
I haven't found any, but then I'm also cheap as a thing that is cheap, so I never pay more than about $10 for a pair of earbuds.
thanks for the #FF!
Some of my students are getting discouraged because one student is such a beautiful writer. 1/2
I WANT TO REACH OUT TO ALL THE HOMELESS PEOPLE, GOD LOVES YOU AND THINGS WILL GET BETTER BY AND BY
Sigh, I've gotten transferred yet again on this At&T line. I'm sure by the time I talk to someone and they transfer me again, it'll close.
thank you. Let's hope he paints the corners all night.
your welcome!
Thanks for the RT! Maybe I'll run into you at #MoCCA this weekend?
Where were you? where were you..? Just a little late....
Happy Leap Day! Do something bold and different today!
The after party for every party!
I hope they show more than just clergy who disagree. From meeting just a few clergy, opinion is definitely diverse.
what upp doe
GR8 its time to eat
Wowzers! MT Nationwide tour playing 7,781 yards this week at Kinderlou Forest Golf Club.
I was gonna go to mimosas w/ everyone but my hangover got in the way. I don't think i've drank for that long before haha
Forecast for Tonight: Occasional showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 60s. Southeast...
“: Today just hasnt been a good day.
Gossip girl season 3
you were amazing. The long distance relationship had me at... Tears!
I love me some New Jersey Housewives!!! Dina is my fav.....
You know what's awesome? -The top of a blueberry muffin -Slushe's -Late Summer Nights -Not getting homework -Free Food &//Also your F a ...
Infinity Ltd. trunk show opens tomorrow. Continues Saturday and Sunday. Gorgeous wooden objects for you to enjoy.
#Israeli air strikes kill 2 #Palestinians in #Gaza and gun shots reported at #virginiatech. WTH is going on today?
brought your A game today of all days
Every encounter is an opportunity 2meet some1. B aware of ur surroundings. Engage & Listen.
Next full band show: May 4 @ Club Cafe, Pittsburgh
Same to you! Thanks for the #FF mention!
This mosquito has 2 seconds to get the F away from me !
Never give up for you are a champ!!!!! I know about fighting......Much love😃
Justification is the work of God FOR us. Sanctification is the work of God IN us.
If you want an instant face lift~SMILE~its free and highly effective.
Brady is my fantasy qb. But I would love nothing more than to see you pummel him into the dirt today. love you, love my team!
foshow am going to check you out but we looking for a beat make for the team so if we like what we hear we talk
I woke up this morning, and. DIDN'T feel like p.diddy!! Lmao
is honored to have as the presenting sponsor for the MWxSW tour! The tour launch party at 3/8/12
Obama should have himself argued the health care law in the SOTU. He would have done much better job than govt. attorney
"Struggle is unskilled behavior." www.budurl.com/QuoteA
Thank you. Headed out in a few. Cold, rainy day - maybe this will be the sunshine for today!
who got turned down?
At tap, dinner after with marisa (:
i just add all my followers still Love all you add me more and ill post more pic's ;D
The Pasco mompreneur who received a microloan from will have her product The Go Caddy on QVC tomorrow at 6am!
don't forget main street dinner
Physical fitness is not only 1 of the most important keys 2 a healthy body; it is the basis of dynamic & creative intellectual activity. JFK
Know of any singer/songwriter/musician that has published about their writing PROCESS? (besides Springsteen or obtain)? Need across genres.
Fishing sucks here believe it or not. I've tried that. Actually, I think it sucks on west coast in general.
Lamar's Anthony Miles (Clear Brook HS) has 8 points at halftime against Northwestern St-Southland Conference play Center
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson im so glad that he saw the trend :')
I love how independent I am. 
Chicago sex workers: interested in tax workshop in late Feb? Still lookin for speakers. interest/suggestions email
#lovegettingtold you are doing a great job you are getting a raise.
Brazil&#39;s Congress approves changes to enviro law
Is anybody watching Food Network's Chef Hunter?? Hope you like it!
ima try this shyt one more time..
If you don't know good then you gone know better
now booking for sUPAMAN AKA dAVID kNOX OF COLUMBUS oHIO
listening to skyscraper!<3
Can everyone on twitter please pray for no more rain tomorrow in #Miami ?? I really need sunshine back :)
one super day...super day at work! Love those extra good days.
he's gonna be okay! I promise!
At Starbucks!
RT : hey, you're the one who wants to go to a place where the point is to sit naked in a big bowl.
I know a few people with really clean and tidy GROWNUP type homes. Always amazes me.
Lmfaoooo ! It Was Funny Tho I'm Not Gunna Lie . Ahahahahaaha Who *Wipes Tears From Eyes*
Who's ready for the weekend?!?! I know i am! :D
i just saw your tweet, thanks boo!! it was hard AF i had to make an 80 so i'm keeping my fingers crossed!
RT : R.I.P Steve Reid, wonderful jazz drummer... :(
Haha me to I always sing in shower xD
Today is the 1 year anniversary of the death of Tim Connors. We (Archbishop Ryan High School) will miss you forever.
Psalm 119:159 See how I love your precepts; preserve my life, LORD, in accordance with your love.
Well, it looks like i'm not going to the state fair. I guess i'll just stay home & eat noodles:P
JAYLYNN got her 4 month shots today she's such a trooper im so proud of her cried for a little then forgot about it
Went fishing yesterday. Through out a lot of bait.... Caught lots of fish!
IMHO ABC HOPES to find the masses sick of social net as Twitter becomes the source of relevant news for the rest of us!
I love Once Upon a Time. It is both cheesy and amazing.
that sounds like loser speak. Your confidence low, Sparty?
oh poor daddy..he's spending the eve of his bday down the hospital.
umm Chris Rock really. need a haircut buddy
Not only is comedy lounge-cover singer #RichardCheese's new autobiography entitled _Atlas Lounged_, his latest CD is _Back in Black Tie_.
Got my ORANGE on and heading down to the Denver  vs. NY Jets  game. GO BRONCOS!! 
that's pretty badass And so graceful
Great meeting. Now home to prepare for my 10 day detox.
"What you do speaks so loudly, that I cannot hear what you say" R.Waldo Emerson. Leadership principles at work.
im so nervous about what my final grades will be
"I never got this far in my dreams." ~Bubba Watson 2012 Masters Tournament Champion
Is it just me or is it really weird for that the booze store next to my gym is incredibly busy at 10am on a sat morning?
RT Who LOVES gifts? Help us get to 50K followers and you'll be #surprised! Let's start the RT! :)
Her heart
IM RIPPED N THESE NIGGAS TALKIN BREAKFAST
AKA Mr. Easy
Why should I be friends with someone when I have to constantly think I did something wrong when nothing even happened.
I don't think the human body was meant to hold this much espresso
ya then take a shower before i go to bed cause im going to hit tha gym later on
we can generate traffic to your website by organic and ethical seo
Any movies in particular? I just watched Harvey again last night. That's one of favorite black and whites.
you're beautiful
Did Mike Kitchen take over the #Kings PP?
Celebrities With Migraines: 13 Famous Faces With The Misunderstood Condition - Huffington Post
Thanks to those of you bearing with #uwebc webcast. We'll have a new link with PPT and video synched after lunch.
Thanks Bob! RT : #FF to Have a great Friday!
RT Give a man a fish and he'll vote for you next election...teach a man to fish and you'll have an abundant supply of fish to confiscate.
Yeah - Fuchs, Hildebrand and Holtby have been sharing pix on Facebook. LOL. They deserve the break.
Thank you, Jerricka, it was great to see you too. We're doing it again in June! #yeah!
omg it said you responded to the other one so now I'm confused. And yes it really was. It's taking forever too
Makes you a probable resident of Philadelphia RT : Booing injured players makes you worse than laker fans. :-)
Best line in that movie!
my heart is broken
I love your post about talking to our kids each day about sex. Please follow me! We have a great deal in common.
See Superstar Ent own Live Sunday The Glow College Party! Ladies free to 10:30!
... well look go eat 1of those big heathy <<<< lol SU cows back there... good part less driving..lmao
embracing good, data hugging bad. got it=)
Thompson touting record as wi governor "we took on the liberal establishment and yes we won"
RT “: Thanks to for hosting the #SportsPRchat G+ Hangout #profesh”
Berggren with the block, Wilson hits the jumper on the other end to put #Badgers up 9-0. Ryan couldn't have hoped for a much better start.
Interview done! :-) It was much fun! :-)
♬ No money in music??? 2002 Paul McCartney sold over $54,702,741.43 in ticket sales on his U.S. Tour ♬ I know a lot has changed in 9 yrs ♬
aww how depressing
Tonight is going to be madness! Djing with and !
Thanks for following!
There's actually lots of native plants and wildlife here at Archives HQ too. Go green government!
Book rec for the over-connected: Hamlet's BlackBerry. (Just don't read it on your iPad, as that might defeat the purpose.)
Everybody wants some goddamn liquor.
Than after class. I dream to be you. A geek.
It's all happening....
I'm an awesome friend and I will always be there for anyone who needs me. But I am NOT a good enemy to have. Learn some respect for others.
Just received word that the WMUR studio is locked... We may have to actually Break & Enter to do the show... Catch us at 10, maybe.
Fixed my mic problem!!!
Now he's the camera holder but I bet in high school he was the purse holder lol damn.
RT : Lewis had prior [engagements] & couldn't wait. Many thought we should hear him but he wasn't singled out
Wisconsin licenses, photo IDs to arrive in mail
Had a great time having cocktails, now its on to dinner for the award show.
“: Were you in Ohio and didn't tell me?!” I was!! .. looks like you will just have to come down to Florida ;)
great quote! We all need to remember this in our ventures.
Is it better to give someone the fish, or is it better to teach them how to fish ?
#HDSHoliday <Happy Holidays!
MT Glitter. Trust that your glitter is needed in the world. And will be ecstatically received.
1-1 early in third period after #JrSharks goal
8th- 14th buy any full-priced espresso beverage before 11am, bring back your receipt after 2pm that same day & get 1/2 off any espresso!
that's great me brudda! Hopefully that is in me future. Then I can sell all this shite!
Its my family issues you don't need to know ANYTHING about it!
And tha one person I should be talking to ain't even trying in my opinion
VNSO is still closed. They are still working on the pump.
Did I just stay at your party longer than you did? Ugh I hate being that girl! :-D Great party!!
Wow! Way to Geaux Tebow & the Broncos.
Eating lunch, woman at table next to mine is trying to sucker another woman into joining her pyramid scheme - I want to tell her to run.
Ill try to get it up today
Shouldn't you have another #COCKBOMB before early voting starts?
Night World!
will drinking be involved?
yeah like every picture needs a caption? -.- and what I can't remember is how many pictures per page .. Was it 4 or 5 ?
#Following both you studs!
Downtown Orlando is popin tonight!
preparing for a job interview.... yay!
hey u! what's up!
this is gonna be a long day...
Can u please follow me(:
went to sleep feeling like shit, woke up feeling like shit.
haha, just got followed by some guy on Pinterest who says he's a "serial entrepreneur & multimillionaire"... but he has no boards & pins
I fucking HATE those "fresh kids" who go to shows & just try to start shit. Get the fuck out of here.
welcome to the twittersphere
It's only one game jeezz come down!!!! U very hyper on your Heat , cool down!!!!
thank you for the RT!
i can't wait for the concert tonight! Its gonna be amazing!
You had a hard time keeping that shirt on lol
Right on! RT Thank you so much for including me in the mix. It was really HOT. Blessings, Jocelyn
Good luck brother! Looking foreword to seeing you both in Swellsley!
I know I got a lot of new followers. Lemme go check em.
I love your Tumblr page! I might reblog some of your posts! So cool! :)
Cut a bitch... Answer to 99 out of 100 problems
thats what happens when greed is running things they want ask the oil and money look at the had now people struggling while oil
thanks for the follow! Really fun show! : )
We have some requests for photographers, caterers, and more -
Bury me softly in this womb, I give this part of me for you...
We are stoked that our beta test is almost here, and can't wait to see how the givengine gets used! What would you share with your friends?
Me too! Even if they do call me a retard. Ha. :) x
RT : You'll have the best time of your life when you spend it here at MCM Elegante!
that said, love the idea+love the deep archive.. don't have any use-cases for using it though.
YA MAKE SURE YA FOLLOW MY SIS NOW SHE THAT GIRL
What temperature do you bake at?
It behooves you #whitecaps to not argue every single call..
it sounds better with cheeseburgers in your pockets
That is silly sick.
Send the ambulance here next! OMG!
enlighting...! really enlightening!!!
Marry me I love you ;)
honestly tho, would you rather a short Austream, or no Austream at all ?
like you." I think it is unusual for a man to want his daughters to look like like his wife, he is happy either way. Woman wants to give the
Yikes! Just let us know when, and we'll make it happen!
TGIF #ABQ! What are your weekend plans? Who's coming to Krispy Kreme?
Its the champagne pouring.. big joint rolling.. Bombay sipping.. no blunt smoking..
Weekly Line Up Amnesia-Thursdays Greenhouse-Fridays NYE location TBA
JUST LEFT THE HARRIET TUBMAN SHOOTING RANGE AND HIKING TRAILS!🔫
One of my classrooms has a real, honest-to-god blackboard. Nostalgia & pleasure in simplicity battles with annoyance at chalkdust...
Thanks for the tweet!
Thanks, Jenny! It was a lot of fun :-)
THank you Jijie! it means a lot! Blessings
Love you.
RETURN TO FOREVER...<3
My Biggest #SocialMedia Peeve = Getting 'Active' on #SocMedia Only After a #Crisis Happens
Love, love your new avatar photo with 'censored' written across it. You go girl!
Bear Down
Hah--who'd the #Suns get in the playoffs? I'm hoping my #Clips can sew up home court tonight. #Grizzlies are gonna be tough
Save the Date! 6-9 September | Middle Atlantic Optometric Congress | Pittsburgh/Monroeville, PA, USA. Details soon!
"Find what you love and let it kill you." - Bukowski
Happy Birthday and !!! Also, to my baby brother who is now 12!! :D
You will not beat my ass :o
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...do wrong for the right reasons
No one I follow has tweeted for more than 4 minutes? I thought Twitter was broken.
I'm feelin all anxious and weird cause of the news my mom just told me...
I need to shower! Blah! I smell like last nights bon fire still.
Forgiveness is to have a short memory for the things that dont matter.
Newt making up history lessons on the spot is like Giuliani using 9/11 event for his campaign in 08.
I have no problem with Smith saying that about Davis re: Dieng. But man, what does he hope to accomplish with all the smack talk?
Tell me about this "more hiring, more making" thing.
Rise & Grind Fam!!! Be Sucka Free 2 Anything/one, keep your goals to yourself & push thru it. -J.O
One of 12 Crucial Consumer Trends for 2012: being FLAWSOME. Human, honest, flexible. YES!!!
I made my appointment to get my tattoo done!! cant wait til april!
You'll also win a copy of our album "Defriend Me"
Congrats! I love walking -- it's good for the body & soul. Here's to many more miles in your future!
lol I get you ma read this next one
WOW!! THE WEEKDAYS ARE FILLING UP! We have a few more WEEKDAY SPECIAL SLOTS LEFT! 4 Hour Weekday Rental (including Sunday) $250
r u and tony going out tonight?
Real talkRT : Lol my dad just told me its a beautiful day don't sit n the house go out &amp; enjoy it! Lmmfao
Slow reply texts <
thanks for the re-tweet :)
eating cake
Baby let me love you down. Especially with the makeup on and you being shirtless. Gorgeous.
Come on, atty, kick some insurance company butt!
Great leaders help their teams to choose the best paths toward success.
Where the fuck is the strongs!?
My nigga you slick ; props to you .
I'm not good at explaining things -.-
KILLED IT tonight! Thank you.
We're giving away another $250 gift card today at Eva's Bridal in Oak Creek during their March Madness sale!! Come see us!
Change means that what was before wasn't perfect. People want things to be better. --Esther Dyson
Respect yourself. RT : someone fuck me and pay me in gum.
The only white kid working at the car wash << You lost boy?
A great pair of headphones are like sex toys for your ears
when are you coming to meet me?!?!?!
Everyone is guaranteed to MATURE physically but not everyone will MATURE emotionally. Its not your fault, some will never reach your level.
Best movie 4 emoters. RT : I'm watching Toy Story 3 w/ four emoting kids ranging in age from 5—9…this should be interesting!
considering it took me a MONTH to get it. “: that's a plus!!!!”
Listening to basketball on the radio sucks ass! Fuck you traffic
chillin son... just been workin... what's up
Looking foward to lunch with and at the fig... Yum!
I just hit Cmd+Q to close an app on my PC. Nicely done Apple!
no. got that little project at work I am still trying to complete. ;)
It's been nice being friends with you! Well, "nice."
isn't powerade owned by coke?
good night every one on twitter i am going to bad i dont feel good today bro on mother day bro well bye
I could get on board with that idea. When in June?
Welcome to the terror dome
I'm leaving Facebook.
haha Cat's adorable isn't she? Hehe and thanks u! Hehe xo♥
I want s'mores.
thanks but no thanks
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." -Winston Churchill
Great post!
The girl I'm with just so happens to be the girl I plan on marrying. Three years strong..
Middle of the night drinking alkaline water, listening to rain. A water sign with water thoughts
ta to
I want to know what love is. I want you to show me...
oh shit. Maxi is mad at you and is that all your doing?
hey Marcus
oh ok...yea dat needs to stop...starve a bully feed ur soul:)
Now We Out In Paris, Yeah I’m Perrierin
I don't wana get up outta bed... Just cause i don't wana make it. Lol "/
HAPPY NEW YEAR ! WE BUY GOLD,SILVER,
Wouldn't miss it for the world. Even for this broke college student. Hopefully Eddie and David will keep each other in check.
how so?
Thank you for your support! XOXO You two are amazing=] Happy Holidays <3
Obama mentioned Vladimir Putin "the new Russian president" as if we didn't know who Mr. Putin was...
#Gamestop i can wait for wm12 to get out in stores man
Anyone want to perform my Passion for choir? Please?
#iOS game developed on #Titanium is an international sensation! In 25 countries!! Have you downloaded yet?
Life Happens Part 2
/ Bryan Cook debates are fascinating.
goodnite everyone off to bed ill be twitting soon......
I hate it when my internet drops in the middle of an important conversation .-.
": Enjoy foods with a lot of flavor? Try ’s savory chicken wings marinated in a spicy, tangy sauce:" best wing sauce ever
No You Dont..
Yes it is...looking pretty good to with a little inside pull ; )
That could make a lot of people queasy.....
im so hipster.
Hope everyone is having a great Fourth of July weekend!
what time are we going to start mocki... Er, drinking beer. 630?
i think so.. he didnt die from lol..
it was great to meet you last night!
watching these two old women haha.I like old people! they use to live like 5 houses from Elvis. They are crazy rich!
Ah yes. I remember the days of almost being run over by one of these people... and I have a couple friends who did get hit!
we get a 3 wk break in April. That may as well be a year away. March is a tough row to hoe.
Need these next 5 days to be ridiculously productive in preparation for this weekend!
Just got my mom on twitter. In other news, Corey Webster did not live up to his previous Lambeau performance
YouTube Boost AdWords for Video With Ambassadors, How-to Guide &amp; $75 Ad Credits
where is your favorite place to take a sheet?
Love is so strong it can be dangerous
"To willingly reside in our distress, no longer resisting what is, is the real key to transformation." -Ezra Bayda
Feeling fit today
haha I don't even know what tht means!
and should pick #TheGrammys. That’s a show I’d watch.
Ppl say I'm mean IM NOT I just keep it real && dnt take NO bullshit
so, life is kinda funny at times. and i wanna thank for making me feel like somebody again
I'm starting your trend!
Yes I know how to spell money. But monies looks/sounds better
Lambda Chi Alpha will be colonized at #AmericanU following formal recruitment. Go through recruitment, but don't forget about us!
I don't care what you say, sir, the Compromise of 1850 was no compromise at all! Clay caved to every one of Douglas's demands!
Another Saturday morning w me and on radio, and , , and on TV! Happy Cinco de Mayo!
The MLB needs to revisit the suspension policy for pitchers. Suspending a guy for 5 games and then he doesn't a game is stupid.
So sick! What is wrong with this country!
Yeah #Cuse always had a good basketball program. I'am also a die hard fan of them in football.
No psycho Bachmann either! RT : Read my hips , no new Texas - Michelle Bachman to Governor Rick Perry
Never in my life will I be able to say "two guys are after me and idk which one to choose"
cheer up dickhead
what a n00b ... Rookie mistake haha
still no start time? I may need to hit up Shopko and buy a Bartman-esque AM/FM so I can listen to the Crew at the Bucky game!
Thanks for sharing! :D
I think that is a scam
LOL! ;) RT : Terrible news about Pantheon going GA. It's going to destroy my black market invite code business.
i just finished whiting my week with marilyn not bad.
Shower, blunt, Muzik....
dear lored, i practically have to put my collie's head in the slats for grooming!
Beginning rehearsals in earnest tonite...looking forward to working with a new group of talented actors to make V. Room come alive.
You can see the book trailer here bit.ly/pjQOVC RT : The trailer rocks!
let's drink
I do not want to get out of bed.
good day, but not a good night..
Another bad dream. Awesome
House of blues friday march 4th I'm playing with my full band featuring new guitarist kenta hayashi from the band Four Minutes Til Midnight!
thanks for the retweet Ms. Team Red. :) #loveanimals too :) Have fun in Miami!
im ready for the weekend
they knew you were coming.
Flipped on my radio and Phil Schaap is playing all Lester "Prez" Young for President's Day on 89.9 FM? Hail!
Can I bend over and put my ass in your face while your tongue is giving my pussy deep penetration
Why did Frankenstein's monster give up boxing?Because he didn't want to spoil his looks.
#GrammarSchoolMemories -- Me: sneezes Class: laughs Popular kid: sneezes Class: God bless you sweetheart! May the Lord protect you.
We have a new server ready - vpn-sh5 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Amsterdam, Netherlands. It's available in your customer area now.
RT : Yum! RT Perfect Guacamole: ...renowned guacamole is by far 1 of the most famous dishes at
Welcome to Twitter and thanks for following us! Let me know how I can be of service. ~Linda
Playing #Trivia43 in my head, and in my head I'm winning.
NFL Draft's much more enjoyable mute. U don't believe me try it. It's like a Corona commerical on the beach compared to listening to Berman.
Saw with my own 2 eyes today RT : so the brewers are good eh?
Why are my customers late??
... and 7 of our 10 questions were included in the NAN questionnaire!
I didn't even get to school yet and I can't wait for the end of it
Join us for a glass of FREE wine at Sketch Wine Bar on 101 Broadway tonight at 5PM. Can't beat the free booze, can ya'?
As you we get on you stop tweeting people :(
Lets make it happen !!!
just fuck it!!! I need to see you soon!
Wow! I didnt realize my prep score would be so low. Time to stockpile!
or is it the girl who be thirsty for you?
An important thought just popped into my head. I have a house... so why don't have I have pink yard flamingo?! cc:
#ThingsMyBestfriend Does Is Make Me Laugh & Smile^.^ unlike my other who just judges me t-.- i love u nancy ^-^
At some point you have to realize that some people are simply ment to stay in your heart, not your life.
You take my phone... I take your soul...
F that. We're winning this.
“: If you don't know, now ya know” OK, now I know!
thx for following! Any questions, shout. We want CodeSquare to help you stay in touch w more of your customers.
ok, just text me with a time. caleb is napping now. we will bring draaaaaannnnnnnnkkkkkkssssssssssss. lol
Cheer up buddy, lots of games left this season :-)
Chiefs defense is doing good...but Palko needs to step it up!
imagine the possibilities for kids' birthday parties alone! :D
Here at the "Interface Technology: Gesture Systems and Beyond" talk with iSchool Prof. Luis Francisco-Revilla!
Perhaps a new blog post? RT : Startups can learn a lot from business moms. Hire one today. They know more than you.
I have 416 followers, i want you to be the 417th ;) Your.Welcome. Haha <3 Follow?
Boston bound tomorrow to go see my top lady We are going to wreck the town+ by wreck the town, I mean eat food+hang out.
I am losing alote of my followers 
#ff <-- cause he's good with the woodwinds
Make sure you get #occupylachlan on podcast.
If ur gf/bf don't get jealous then they don't love you
Hahaha "Fat ass bitch. Fuck you." Why did just took the words right out of my mouth though!!
Feels so amazing to just relax and not stress bout any more finals.
lolol we go to Griffith ain't non but dem fake ass wanna b lookin asses(;
I love she da #SEXIESTESTESTEST!!!!! woman
I am so thankful for the 22 Conservatives who voted against this sham of a bill!
Ok. Let me know and I will ck it out!
Ah geez. I think the SiriusXM #Royals #Twins broadcast i a full 4 minutes behind MLB Gameday! #royals v
does he have to appeal if willing to walk on first year
Yes - is right by the stadiums, in Pioneer Square. Would love to get together :)
"you will soon achieve perfection" thank you, fortune cookie.
How long does a company have to be around until we stop calling it a "Start Up"?
That being said, I can promise you they are going to get absolutely annihilated by OKC. Have fun with that, bandwagon.
Just left the office.... it is 930 pm on a Saturday night. Is there something wrong with this picture???
Jealous about Juster! (But happy you got to hang with him.)
(where dem dollaz at nigga) IN MY POCKETZ YA BITCH!!
you are simply awesome. Keep doing what you do. :)
I totally will. I could use both lol.
Opportunity is like Easter. It's out there hidden and ready to be found! But if you wait too long or find it too late, it stinks!
- A more serious request - play some Mirah!
"i don't care anymore this is my rife!"
I don't even like hotdogs like that, but part of me wants to see what all the fuss is about lol
"DON'T LET EM FOOL YA COPPER... THEY'RE IN THERE."
Two lead singers out sick. I got to practice all sorts of melodies for Friday night's show. JWP @ M&S Grill in Reston, VA. Join us!
Going well. I update all my workouts on the P90X app. Haven't been in the forum lately. 😱 But I'll hop back in.
You seeing Chris Miles all over ESPN with Sean Payton talking?
BLOCK PARTY THIS SUNDAY... who are you bringing??
Are you going to chase after the U.S title when you return?
jerks. Moving up in the world?
Undergrads today seem astonished at what a reference work can do for them. One told me it was "amazing" all this "stuff" was in one place!
Feeling like nobody love!!😞
Confession: When I was a little girl I think I had a crush on the painter dude with the big afro on channel 13
Sad news that Pat Summitt is stepping down at Tennessee. Sending prayers her way in her battle with dementia.
WAIT!!! they killed star burns?? BUT WHY???? ALEX a.k.a. STARBURNS!! :(
Its hot af in southern Illinois...
you and me both ;)) actually I'll say it depends on what I'm drinkin ....
I know! Gonna have to just pray for that!
keep it 100
love u 2
Beautiful! Thanks for standing in gaps both WITH and FOR us. It means more than you know.
Actually, you have to keep it to be worth it. But don't slow down if that's your number :) !
Teachout's twittered "The Letter" pretty good in Santa Fe premiere last night but opera in English still like pasta with mayo.
Thanks again!
Thanks! So we can narrow the problem down, would you mind telling us what TN city you live in & what cable provider you use?
It is a breath of fresh air to interact with a customer centric company like versus a company that focuses on Danica.
He's back
thanks Shelley!
Welcome to my world.
Multitasking like crazy at work. Good thing I'm sitting down.
I think Facebook will now try to buy Instagram again.
Why did I empty all of the air out of the tube last year?
truth! & with 4 picks in rd 7 (Schlauderaff, 2x compensatory) TT with options to move up in mid rounds or stack up on OL.
'King of Bain' and now I'm thinking Sting's 'King of Pain'
Funny, never thought I'd be flying to somewhere other than the south pacific... Scotland via london-bound.
hey girl!
"Oh you can use any color but pink" -said me to the cake lady. Then I pick up the cake. And it's god damn pink.
Syracuse proves its the best team in the BigEast
Love is too amazing to sacrifice for fear of losing it.
girl please!! I'm a bad ass bitch!! I'm fucking awesome!! :)<3 haha #don'thate
Sleeper theme of the series is Clippers can't keep Rudy Gay out of the middle.
sure you are. Lol let him pick if he wants!
Best in Law Blogs : The LexBlog Network : March 22, 2012
Magic = Amazing
Happy Friday!
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld (500) Days of Summer, and any movie with Christian Bale in it.
Dude , its Raining ...
Sure thing! I've found Google forms very easy to use. They include great colorful reports too.
at the UT-Mizzou game in columbia
I'm not deaf
watching the old videos on ShootUsDown. But he'll always be the same Austin. True Mahomies will ALWAYS support him through everything, even
thanks! :D woah.. u did? awesome! :D
Um I Just Unfollowed you Stupidd
Heh. I was debating eating now...
Done covering Chaminade's #signingday. Story should be up soon on the Herald website. Now it's off to #FIU for their #signingday presser.
RT Your best bet with a #Pisces is to just be yourself.
My friends are hilarious.
I mean, when did we turn into my parents?
OMFGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG MY BABIES
I just need 3 more songs :O
Law school? Meet UM Carey Law's Direc. of Student Recruiting tomorrow from 4-7pm at JMU in the Festival Conference and Student Ballroom
Word. ": not in school anymore, but it just so happens i will be in Boston on saturday for earthfest! I may stop by!"
text me?
Road trip to Philly for and wait!!!!
The new web portal might help spread environmental news and help faculty incorporate into classroom.
Winning is about his art, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
I need someone to drink with
its awn now! I'm marking this in my calendars. Garbage plates?
wow! forgot how much I LOVE six flags (:
haha where is this at?
Me too. I think these are tough issues, unclear law. Court of Appeals even punted. Wonder what Supremes will do.
Moved on to French toast tonight!
Hope you all had a wonderful "Leap day"!
Intense cleaning mode.. This never happens!!!!
"You chewed me up and spit me out, like I was poison in your mouth....but that was then and this is now" is a great lyric.
what did i say?
what channel?
Bipolar people tho'.. It's unreal
Congrats man! I will make sure to check it out.
I'm sure has an opinion about this
My new website www.fitapellilaw.com looks great! Thanks
Why is it that god gave cats 9 lives and rappers only 1
#Brewers.game with tonight. Down with the Scrubs!
Raekwon - Staten we go Hard
welcome to Twitter!
We hope to keep bringing you great musicians to listen to and try out! Thanks for listenin'!
Yes, so proud! <3 RT : might have just jammed out to one direction when I was making myself dinner be proud <3
Have you checked out WikiMeg.com?
good morning!(: how are you this lovely morning?
hit all three lol.
32 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
Nope, I'm rockin' out at the statehouse tonight for #vikings stuff. Who needs bands when you have a room full of legislators?
We got a new song coming out. It is going to be huge!!!!!
Yesterday was mothers day so I forgot to tweet, too busy hanging with my mom lol but happy late mothers day to you all.
Checkered Socks is a Ska site dedicated to everything involving Ska music started up by Tony Rad..I am a blogging minion =]
#BIGANG better be the next trending topic
Pandora is going right now with this session
might have the best avatar on Twitter.
only positive reviews, of course. "Wyatt Earp-like." (Admittedly, I don't actually know what that means.)
Biggest epic fail in history: Dark Lord vs innocent baby named Harry.... Harry wins.
Help. Me. Now.
Decided to try out First up: In The Plex by
Knowing you can be yourself around eachother.
NC's not in the top 15. But no need to move -- change from within! :) Stay tuned, it's coming up in the next few days.
never again! I'm so embarrassed being sick all over his house! :(
Despite a 35-hr workweek (recently been softened), high payroll taxes & a militant workforce, France is the 5th-largest economy in the world
Craving some chocolate coconut water
My friend ashton doesn't remember me and some people at my school that I haven't talk to for years don't!
Does Ann Romney think she can relate to avg American women? All this debate on rosen's comments,
Oh wow!
Thank you for the inspiration and the lesson on a business plan it was invaluable to me, may all your dreams come true
Guess who's having the #bestweekever? Hint: It's me.
Inspired and exhilerated from attending Event Solutions Conference. Thats a feeling you can't get any other way but meeting in person ESCS10
#walkingdead was so good. Wow.
Vitamin A is known to be the best eye cure. If your eyesight is not good, products rich in vitamin A should appear in your daily intake.
You look at the background of idiots
same here
100 years ago the Titanic set sail. I'm still amazed and intrigued.
Love the black bottom blog! Enjoyed profile on Gustavo Adolfo Aybar
i didn't know supported #NOH8 love her even more now!!
When it's hot outside and you can't wear shorts cuz it looks like you are wearing polka dotted tights 24/7.... Damn razor burn 
From the mouth of , "What's the ROI of not doing it?"
friend who took classes there suggests Hollywood Magic store on Hllywd blvd or, if you call the Castle, they hint at where to go
saw your bball skills with the globetrotters on the chew. Nice moves!
Depends on your definition of "great." Sadly, my food court mentality is usually "escape with my life, maybe not edible food."
That just seems like a bad idea. RT Are there academic libraries using OAuth 2.0 to login to databases?
Girl u know it. I'll have to update you, hun!!
Attended the 1st Annual Guitar Festival at Las Vegas Academy. Excellent. Very inspiring and I came away with many new ideas.
that's what I'm sayin!!
Hear bug in my hair. run around trying 2 shake it out n nothings coming out. fam thinks i'm crazy #awkward. 5 min finally find it1
The Commish at Marlins game, left us alone in the Front Office now...Yay!
Taking pictures of the amazing DJ Amanda Panda (aka my ex roomie, good friend and #frankerton's mommy) today. Pretty stoked!
oh nice - thanks for the hint
We ain't them...
Diggin' the related properties feature. :)
Dear #annromney: Democrat moms have problems too. You aren't "special".
I don't think I've ever spelled the word fluoroscent correctly. See? Uh, flurescent? Flourescent? Dammit.
Choose "like" if baseball practice is starting soon for your son!
Pinterest is time-sucking my goddamn life away
Saints Sean Payton suspended for a year (amongst others), Tebow to the Jets and Uecker gets his own statue?!
We can't wait to COUNTRY with you! Welcome to the Woo.
i love to eat....wouldnt you like to live to be a hundred?? not if i cant eat tacos and cheesecake
Watching coach carter !
If you running a company everything should have a deadline....just because you not in the game doesnt mean you dont operate like it
"Sometimes I think I'd be better off dead. No, wait, Not me, you." - Jack Handy Deep Thoughts
Not too happy. I take any business I'm involved in rather serious...I wish everyone would do the same!
YES! I'll be there!
This Clippers/Memphis game gettin' live.
Thanks for the #FF mention!
That's what my brother is for...
Scottsdale Arabian Horse Show to offer discounted Arizona Diamondback tickets to spectators! Details to come....
Orangebloods.com hit a new record today- 4,708 Texas fans online at the same time. Way to go team!
wha u saying my boi! Long time I got some heat for u guys!
I just turned on the radio and right when I turned it on 1D started playing. Im pretty sure I lost 100 pounds jumpin up and down, fangirling
“: I passed out last night. I think someone drugged my drink. All fourteen of them. .. Smh”
-idk bout this account..now working out.
it's fine though. I love that show. I wish it was one. And anything for you best cupcake maker friend.
how's it feel to make $$ at the strip club?
#MyBiggestFearIs losing anyone EXTREMELY CLOSE TO ME. idk wtf I would do
check us out at think you'll like it. Imagine you could see what any place looks like...right now
I can't message ppl who aren't following me. But pry so.
Dude lets leave now this library is not a pleasant place
Thx, glad you liked it!
Seriously dude! It's like there's a rule that states if you're under 20, act like a douche! Hahahaha!
"Do you have a question for Sandy Koufax? / Yes. Mr. Koufax, don't you think Flanders is a big jerk?"
They have grown so much *tear*
I Love you and i vote for you <3
When you're ready just say you're ready.
a registered agent receives service of process (lawsuit papers), tax notices & other official communications on a company’s behalf
It's just another manic Monday I wish it was Sunday 'Cause that's my funday My I don't have to runday It's just another manic Monday
Estrada -Update: Now on pace for 18 strikeouts and a no-no! Go
Just got asked to test an iPhone app for a friend of a friend...very intriguing!
well, I'll be back in ATX tonight!
#nowreading Lynn Spigel's "Make Room for TV: Television and the Family Ideal is Postwar America"
neither both blow budget.
you made your baby girl cry :c
I'd rather have lost 21-12 last night. At least that would mean that we didn't get shut out by Jeff Suppan. Is anything more humiliating?
I'm tired of sucking.
Everyone has to ante or just on the button?
gets a follow cuz he gave me some real good music to listen to. keep that hot ish comin
If it stands, is that catch better than David Tyree? WOW
RT : There are 2 ideas I've been obsessed with. One is The other is Thrilled someone is building this!
OMG I'M SEEING LATER. THEIR CONCERTS ARE SO FUN AND AMAZING. I'M READY TO RAGE! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH CAN'T WAIT! <3
Then what grade are you in?!
u think he beats Aldo?
thats pretty awesome.
classic philosophy right there
I was very surprised!! I think Snape is hot, so I guess I'm in good company!
Late night whataburger.
Paul Revere if u make me pick one...license to ill is one of best CDs of all time.
I got a question for you bout bizz, fb so I can dm you
nice hanging out yesterday. See you soon.
just had some osaka hahaha
When two people stop texting you at the same time... O.o
relax, relate, release. If the music is bad, go to the corner store and get some candy.
ok I goodnightsleeptight and if u still need to vent tomorrow u have me <3
good morning love 😍
You are your own first customer. If you are not happy with your work or using your product, no one else will be either.
Superbowl menu keeps changing...i've got to get my stuff done so I can finally go shopping and get to work.
I'm interested in knowing what the investigation into the #TrayvonMartin killing will discover abt Zimmerman's neighborhood watch group?
going to get chippy if they don't.
Patients with orphan diseases deserve same rights to therapies as every other patient. Current economic models make this challenging
My calculations show 0.001% chance of crew displeasure. Either a rounding error, or the off-chance of a crazy person in the crew.
Lmao Idk I was sleeping and boom I wake up with my mattress on the floor lol
first time at headquarters, pumped about it.
The weather is nice out today but this is Chicago so I better hurry up & enjoy it before it changes in a couple of hrs
They're playing a prom tonight and it would honestly mean the world if we could get #TSPARMY popular c: tweet it up guys!
#ReplaceEminemSongWithShady love the way you shady
Felt unaccountably low last night, but good this morning. Reading a silly, unconvincing book abt faculty "incivility." Uncivil to say that?
Last chance to talk about acquiring the rights to your handle! Happy to offer incentives. Please DM / reply ASAP and we can discuss
Nothing better than getting to train with my better half
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Chicagoans don't mess around come spring. We're going to the Botanic Gardens tomorrow.
Though I like a good cry as much as the next guy, looking forward to hearing more about the new online database at #webwise day2
Life is too short to be unhappy. Always forgive but never forget. People change and things go wrong but always remember LIFE GOES ON<3
I miss the Ground Zero days; $5 with a can of food!
omg , you are killing me. <3
RT : Finish what you're writing. Whatever you have to do to finish it, finish it. NEIL GAIMAN
Isn't that fascinating! All in an ep about how expensive the Beatles are, then and now! Loved it!
9-hour educational neuroscience course today. Loved the topic, plus good info, but ready to engage in something besides a lecture.
great, thanks!!
Thanks for the RT. Let us know if you would like your own custom design!!
July's first Volunteer Orientation tonight! We have a good number signed up and would still love to see you! Call 275-4040 to register!
“: I wanna meet myself as someone else just to see what it feels like." omg same!
I love you too <3
Can we get down on a personal level
"He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything."
I'm gone to the moon *future voice*
our 50th anniversary. It's our old theme song. :)
Welcome New Mexico High School Basketball Teams! Good Luck at State! NMAA Events
uh oh now i'm on your list!
that's ok! We will miss you too but glorify the Lord through schoolwork!
About to upload another cover :))
Christians have Christmas. I have Bike To Work Day. Thanks y'all for riding. You are awesome!
When I try & not show my emotions it's still kind of noticeable, because I don't have like any spark/pizazz to me. Gotta learn to hide it
yes it must be great. I wouldn't know .
K ill bring mine n.n
Soul Sister
Dear Josh Trank: you call that an ending?damn kids!
Ive fucking had it with my mom.
Saw great talent today.
hey can you help me get up there?
Lmao! RUN. RT : When Ximena and I were walking and we saw her bestfriend and I was all "should we walk faster? Orr run?"
Legit copy of Win 7 Ultimate en route. Yay!
The Dirty Verbs are setting up. Time to lay down some groves.
Thank you for the suggestions. Folksonomies and tagging were both on my short list of alternate topics. Lots of good sources.
I think they have no clue when he's coming back.
I am at that level of caffeination wherein I will "like" every damn thing you post on Facebook, so get it all out.
i will ever have bieber fever cuz is a terminal illness for all life ;D love you
hahahaha! It's so crazy that I saw the sunrise and then I went to sleep. I woke up at 3:30pm... haha
i wasnt mad I wouldnt switchjust to win I did it because i was bored and i switched back becausei was tired ofnades
Happy Valentine's Day everyone! Remember it's about love, not just romantic love. Appreciate everyone that's nice to you and show them!
Poor Alex got alerted by every post in this crazy debate.
Slushies = my new addiction!
High ass shit!!!
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Colgate Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
THANK U SISTER<3 Love u too
u didnt invite me
I sure do! Every party in Vegas
Just imagine how their meetings must have gone. "I think we should have them be sewn ass to mouth...3 was good, but let's try 12"
Every Single Time I See Your Face, It Reminds Me Of Why I Walked Away
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better. Jim Rohn
I thought this is the goal of the GOP so they could blame the shut down on Obama to get him out of office!!!
Lol. Oh, I thought you was trying to talk that cash shit.
lol good excuse
el bajón y el delirio. planning for travels in the middle of mexico. less than three months away.
It's a RATATAT kinda day
Hey, I didn't say anything about no withdrawal haha
Is Cincy worried about Leon Hall?
you can see my place on that map!!
Success only comes to those that seek it. Failure comes to those that do not seek out success! Make 2012 your year for success.
Back in Philly...
#MyBiggestProblem trusting people to fast.
Undercapitalization! Underestimating a restaurant’s startup costs can result in bankruptcy.
Anti-Regular.
A tale of two weddings
Champions keep playing until they get it right. -Billie Jean King
Congress is inept & self serving. The Budget standoff is shameful w/ no regard to its impact on the average citizen.They all need to resign.
I bought a bag of m&m's and they were all brown!!! So I threw them away!!!!!
My life is almost perfect! I am so happy, for real. Best night dancing at Millennium Holla! Now onto vocal stuff for my lessons tomorrow!!!
#drupalcon #ux menu and UI constructs like "module" and "structure" should be tested BEFORE they're rolled out.
great show Sat. night. I thoroughly enjoyed you guys & Thanks to for putting on another great show
About to start work on capitol hill...I'm too nervous/excited to sleep
In the preliminary process of getting my script, Pick Me!, filmed. Auditioned for student film at SCC.
Call us at Fife Flowers if you are interested in Kitten and/or Cat adoptions.
you sure did but why you gotta be so realistic lol
this chic flirting w pauly was my inspiration for that tweet.. the f*** she think she's foolin
RESPECT THE NEXT MAN'S/WOMAN'S GRIND
As first responders, #LasVegasFirefighters administer cooling therapy to the patients in the field before rushing them to the hospital.
couldn't even remember where he put his drink lmao
not much. How is she
he restricted 25/345 D1 programs. I dont love it but still better than cutting a kids schollie, which many do but Bo never has
Ever been to Amsterdam? My favourite, relaxing hang-out!
you and need to come down to KC sometime.
That IS some shit. Did no one ever tell him how to do a thumbs up?
okay we will find you something better :)
my mother passed away Jan 28th of 2010 so I haven't been on the computer much. I need to do more business to keep my mind focus on the good.
you know this and the original are my two fave movies?
My Look Is Copy Written Yu Cud Tell I Made It ...
I'm starting to think Asami's not bad, but she's about to be caught in the middle of some pretty bad things...
I had a good day today :)
but its not bringin me dwn .. glad im movin !!((:
Im up early getting my oil change.. got to keep my 2011 #FordFusion running good!
Happy Kwanzaa: Seven day celebration from Unity (Umoja) ending with Faith (Imani)!
Making mothers laugh regardless of the topic is money.
Super letdown; super moon looks super normal from EG, RI.
developing how? (Sorry i just seen the tweet Abt developing)
I'm expecting to be ravished with gifts.
happy birthday Erica. Tell Eric I said happy birthday. Love ya.. :-)
It's my 20th birthday I really need to push myself...this is why I love phil
So sweet to know that someone cares(:
The only person than me who I believe had a worse day was Amy Senser.
u deserve it
braves suck too!
I know you do this on purpose to annoy me.
Only my brother would wear a shirt I bought him to his baby shower. It has Jar Jar on it and says "You never go full retard."
bitch im the shit so u know i
☼ The ability to focus attention on important things is a defining characteristic of intelligence. Robert J. Shiller
Come check out surrendervegas tonight where Steve aoki is going to have his b-day! Only
who else counts their chicken nuggets just to see if you got an extra one? lol
Be weird cause there's no such thing as normal and if your weird your Grand <3 said by the grandest man there is
Why is it that Facebook even gives me the option to 'Like' my own status? Of course I like my status. I'm hilarious.
It's sad how I know the whole icecream truck's price sheet by heart.
thank you for the update! Really happy about two of the fixes in particular. Great job! Love your editor.
No, I did not know Conor Oberst made a "punk" album.
Doing my best to bring my spirit of aloha to the fore today... and not bean someone with a spare hard drive instead.
Reynolds music is Bel Biv DeVoe's Poison. Wilson Betemit's is Push It by Salt N Pepa. If Andino's is I Wanna Sex You Up, it's over
Am riding riding n getting it
I miss you too!! How's everyone doing?? :)
Soon Holiday ------->finally
Schools Open! Announcing Daily Tweets reveiling the secrets of health ins Don't miss this information that may save your life and assets..
you iz mean :(
Idk why blk ppl are appalled that zimmerman got bond. It's not surprising to me. I won't be surprised if he gets aquitted
Without the specific intention to respond in positive and specific ways, we don’t make the positive difference we seek to achieve.
Good! I just read the first chapter.
oh...i just got home and turned it on in time for the grand slam. #GOCUBS! :)
RT : More animals & friendly staff. This is our first season pass, we love it - members forever.
Red, see you cut them off, i see ya lil bro
What a long day! I'm finally getting hooked to Catchig Fire but my dad yelled at me for being obsessed with the Hunger Games..
Markland Hanley awarded, by client, Navistar, Inc., its 2008 Law Department Diversity Recognition Award
Republican budget says the only safety net we need is defense -- Ryan's budget adds to defense spending while ending medicare as we know it
aww thats good :) but yep i had a little rough patch
#youdeservetobesingle when your bf says: "i'm gonna be back by 10:00 a'right? imma go cheat on you, brb..."
The Madison Fire Department's scuba team recovered a body from Monona Bay near Brittingham Park on Monday morning. More details to come.
Lotus Festival from is up next. "Your wristband is like a passport to the world," says the presenter.
Success is a journey. It can get very lonely sometimes.
Had a dream last night where I covered Owner of a Lonely Heart alongside Paul Stanley in a camp in the middle of Africa.
Wonder what Wilson does to Victorino in that circumstance? #youjustgotknockedthefuckout!!
I'm not going to let what you did to me, ruin my happiness forever :)
you're hot ;D
Dishes... done. Laundry... done. Dinner? In the process ;)
is speaking about the National Privacy Principles (AU), and connecting those to libraries.
Small computer viruses can cause BIG computer problems!!!
you're so adorable Dahvie ♥
Listen, you're singing to the choir here. Let's hold hands and sing Kum-bay-a.
haah how? i do love fudge rounds(:(:(: i always ask for them
plano tx! & its just me who runs this shit
see what eye mean. Loll doin all u can to not let me play with my team! Just admit it. With OREGON eyem HELL.
Some feelings don't go away. They just get avoided.
horrible passing and lack of quickness out of the pens is negating any chances they might have at Bryz.
Thank you kindly :)
When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible. ~Nido Qubein
Doin' what I do and thats how it should be. I don't conform or deal with crap. You got something to say to me, say it..don't be a puss
$2.50 Bud light drafts all day. Come watch all your favorite Football Teams with us!!! We have Pro & College football packages!!!
#Netflix needs to change something drastic to keep it's "brand power" dominance. Reconfigure your pricing structure!!
PLEASE DON'T HURT YOURSELF! I know life may be difficult but it doesn't mean to give up! IT'S OK! YOU ARE NOT ALONE! :'(
OMG ! O.O You craziee mf pandapire <-- Its a panda & a vampire Lmfao
thank you, for making such a cute yet pointless iphone 4 case! you owe me $25!
but you shouldn't or it'll hang...lol...or is it bomb #geektalk. :-)
Logan Henderson who else would it be?
join my campaign to get lyrics on RapGenius- perma-banned for controversial exegesis on "The ROC (just fire)".
Can yesterday just not have happened?
Ok i been gone for a min bout to get back on my twitter shit
Haha glad I'm not the only one.
When people attempt to make you jealous when you really couldn't give two shits about it 😂
Don't know who's liable but I know some professionals that'll be there within seconds to provide emergency medical care!
N. Carolina just reminded me why I never stopped there while driving back to Georgia.
Ok, catching the last 9 laps of the #NASCAR race.
Almost Done reading a book
Yes I want to see every child who is hungry fed and cold clothed homeless shelter provided for
Its on! WMC Pre-Party !! Come show your love!
haaahaa why are you soo sexy ? :P:P
In addition to lurking on Facebook, what else are you doing on this snow day?
Come join us this Thursday at Rusty's Surf Ranch on the Santa Monica Pier for a Battle of the Bands. We play at 9:30pm. And it's a free one!
Nice shot! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
thanks man. Feels good to get back on the road again!
Congrats to Bell Board member Linda Morton. Sen Ed committee recommends her reappointment to Western State College Board.
Nice f*cking cowboy hat. Just come from the rodeo?
I'm adopting the #76ers as my playoff team since my beloved couldn't be the ones to beat Chicago.
Seconded. MT I wish people would just say TY instead of RT all the nice things said about them.
So ppl can talk shit and not get put in they place....swear they met the right one, ASSES use to getting away with shit NOT THIS TIME HMMP!
Christina Georgina Rossetti~ Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.
Emily who is he?
- good question. Don't really know how they would master key back then. Stepped levers? Multiple gates in levers? Not sure.
Glad you are intrigued! Send us a project for #CrowdSexing please! We would love to see it!
entered the MTC nine years ago today
Meeting in NYC went great, opportunities for FANSHOES are endless. Getting ready to fly back to Rochester. NY tonight.
Never trust a skinny chef. Happy Friday!!!
I want someone who can't stand the thought of losing me
Dayton airfares remain to be a bargain
Not really In a good mood
my bad.
check! And check!
I love this one! Tweet like no one is following. Thanks, J.
Ready to forget about jobs and graduating for a few days and just spend time with friends
Garabage bags without the draw strings are the dumbest invention ever. Period.
Today's my daddy's 38th birthday :') I love him so much.
it's official... tickets purchased to see trance legend himself !!! been wanting to see him forever, can't wait to trance dance!
yes it is. Attending the grammys tomorrow. Very much in shock to hear she passed.
16-24 inches of snow predicted for friday here in charlottesville. giving in to mother nature and heading to target to buy some boots.
on the bus im bored
For every vote that Scotty and Lauren get tonight, will grow a new beard hair.
what about her boyfriend or did that end like the last
True! I may have to hit that up this wk. RT : Would have rather been at the all you can Eat Sushi place in Sunny Isles.
Looking forward to keynote by at ARLD on Friday
but i guess its better then me saying ba da ba ba da im lovin' it OVER AND OVER
i let the little things to get me! and thats what destroys me:/
As a musician whatever u do don't fly Swiss Air!!! It sucks Major!!! AZZZZ!!! POOF!!!!!
Livin' young, wild, and free !!!
Music and love.
so, i was just loadin up the dishwasher and thought: will people ever "check in" to such things? We could call it: ChoreSquare
OMGosh Missouri u just screwed my brackets... Ugh
One Direction!!!
Goodbye spring break...
Mixing tracks.
Expert in the art of conversation. Veteran in the written word. A literary architect constructing a bridge of words.
congrats! its awesome how your music is touching the younger generation. keep extending the kingdom. "he sees the best n u, LOL!
"For every purchase made with your new LivingSocial rewards card, you will receive 10 Schrute bucks."
if/when I'll stay with verizon..I fear an iPhone,, tweet & youtube & netflix @ work,,lol
After week #1 with my #PlayBook, all is well. It's great being on the leading edge of cutting edge technology. Thanks
yeah most definitely! =]
Roses are red violets are blue vodka cost less then dinner for 2.
Free admission to our galleries the first Wednesday of the month - wait, that's today! We're open 11 am to 5 pm.
You can make calls and knock on doors from September until today but unless you vote, none of it actually matters. Make your voice heard!!!!
hi smiley :)
ok I will. I recognized you from YT
Seriously, how valuable would it be to be able to avoid broken hips, sprained ankles and slip and falls at Target?
fact! Be careful on the rest of your trip back to braska!
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
"Blue Side Down" The bottom of the J24 sailboat was blue. ;)
lol definitely! Thats what I think every time u shoot!
OSAA Class 6A and 5A semifinals tonight, the big game of the week for KOIN: Jesuit vs. West Salem - who do you think will win?
Nannies, don't forget to check out Facebook wall for great opportunities all over the East coast! Happy Monday!
Hope to see you there! RT : sounds like big fun
Thank you! Can't wait to wear them out.
daily reminder
So, hey, how about those Twins?
Thinking about oral history and digital preservation
Getting my priorities straight!!
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com register to gain full access to all the live games tonight enjoy!!!
must give him a chance. we clearly lacked depth in our midfield after January and he has shown during his loan he can play
Why does England still cover for Wayne Rooney's behavior?
I am following you
BADGERS VERSUS THE CUSE NEXT THURSDAY...WHATS BETTER THAN THAT???
I see "selective sharing" part of person-centered permissioned collection, use, sharing, and monetization of personal data
I feel so bad for this Muslim girl jogging right now in her little dress thing
I havent seen these people in over 10 years...
heath slater is the best superstar in the wwe
twitter was nothing without me
#Blackhawks and #Cubs lost today. Terrible day for Chicago sports.
City planning director Tom Stosur will be goiving a brief update on zoning changes at Midtown's Fall Town Hall meeting Oct 20 7pm.
Looking for a spectacular bridal show in LA? Unveiled Bridal is THE show. April 1- tickets still available. Come visit us!
A's sign another Aussie in Travis Blackley, wonder if Dave Nilsson is available.
okie.I may have an idea but I'll keep it for myself now!How's you?(:
tumblr cant get any more addicting..
Nigga bet not think to open his Echophone tonight
I love my president.
Follow all FMQB Music News Stories
haha Laurissa I think we were kind of going out in 7th grade
I got on mt retros
TabPress by should be working now - there was a Facebook glitch earlier.
mags are you going to the drake concert wednesday?
JUNE 20: Hexawolf Jury, Everyone Dies in Utah, and The Greenery at BAD FISH BAR (Pearland, TX)
