is dying to be inspired at this workshop - instead I'm just bored
I need to clear my mind.
no school tomorrow , 😏
Feature Special
my docter told me that if i stop drinking coffee with coffee creamer i will lose 10 pounds, and if i stop drinking soda the same thing :)
What is your favorite ab workout?
You can have a desire you don't intend to act on. But you can't have a goal you don't intend to act on. Tom Morris
I admire Austin ♥
I came in your Marlins hat
When a man is willing and eager, the gods join in. Aeschylus
36 states have adopted policies that allow schools to provide credits based on student proficiency
Record it..... weekends like this are too rare to stay inside!
so true! It's so bright outside!
what ever happened with ?
Dat U Are
they give you time to read?
Ed is jesus.
And its not even her birthday
Starts at 9 at Uncle Lou's!
MyMy...": Depression is an inability to produce enough neurotransmitters. A healthy gut makes enough. #wapfconf"
Great to be connected Peter!
#nycmer2012 I meant to send that last tweet from my personal account (this one). Oops!
captain crunch...m...good
#MobWives is the first show ever to cause me to feel bad for the production crew.
Nothing so far. Boo!
Thanks! Happy holidays!
I don't even look like that anymore lol
yay :) I didn't want to be alone either !
thanks man. If you want to order anything, use code SENDIT and I'll ship your order same day for free
"That was almost as high as we are" - Brian Anderson
I love Encruzado from Portugal. Could this be the next cool grape in WA State?
Bring back Vic & Gary!
u should join me and girl for beach day tomorrow!
It's fabulous. She'll watch it<3
oovoo with my best friend<3
we have off on thursday&friday
it's probably fine esp if it'll have a warranty. I love my mac and would never go back to PC!
Awh. I feel special. :')
i'm disappointed Aaron Rodgers helmet is as special as I thought it would be
Keys found!
U STILL AINT CALL MR.C...#STEP IT UP
Also a good reason to wait!
Happy Star Wars day everybody, May the 4th Be with you!
Some people just weren't raised the right way. I don't know how the parents fucked up so much for you to be like this.
WVU wins the Lambert Trophy, longtime symbol of Eastern college football supremacy #arizonawildcats Kudos
wtf...u only have 1 pair??
On the bright side, I found out today that you can actually borrow a cowbell from my library.
Trannys are so scary, they will snatch a bitch up.
List your company today to reach thousands of potential customers on the staffing industry's #1 directory at StaffingMarketplace.com
can u follow us please x
Detroit in Overdrive on Science Channel. What a great show. Pleasantly surprised. Every city in the country needs this attitude.
Ugh! Hate fake people!
Yaaaay!!!!! Go Christopher!!!! RT : Christopher is killing me today! He's trying to walk
Looking back at my 6th grade year, I'm thinking "I was so fucking annoying! How did I even have friends?!"
another quest with
Just like ticketing illegal church parking, right? MT we are not anti-food-truck. But regulations apply to all.
Waking up to pug butt and swollen glands might be connected.
thanks for sharing!!!
OMG WHAT TIME? :D
I have a great idea for a pizza.... pulled duck with green onion on a smokey bbq sauce, thoughts?
Check out #SandwichKing on today at 10am will be featured! The best pastrami sandwich in IL!
Pizza hut is so damn nasty
LOL. How is your running going??
So what happened with hurricane Irene?
my mum wont let me save a cat she's evol :((
RIM makes flashy debut of BlackBerry&#39;s new operating system for developers
RIP Whitney Houston. Thank you for so much wonderful music.
"Even if ain't all it seems I've got a pocket full of dreams"
shake that
Hate break outs -_- <
#SomeWhereOutThere Let's go
Glad to meet you online. Thrilled to discover that some of our #SVNteam members like you are #CRE social media leaders!
I'd like you, but let's face it. You're no So, goodbye.
Being the really old dude who sits on a bench at a grocery store just people watching and half asleep should be on everyone's Bucket List.
hello I'm here ,i'll take it also.
Things might not always go as planned, you still gotta make the best out of life. Turn the negatives into positives… Don’t allow anything...
Mindless TV to end my day #ftw shhhhh now, shhhhhh
I got the mic and you got the moshpit
same to you my man
let me know when you're ready for your birthday song...I've got a good one mustered up... :)
RT : Charity Preview is Friday! Excited to dress in our best and head to Cobo and the parties with !
Mezmorized by all these fake Twitter pages...
they really are bat-shit crazy.
Ready to get tan AF
I care. Lol
it is
I love watching the games with my mom. She cracks me up!...GO KENTUCKY!
- I'll do it for you, Ossy (that's what I like to call you - Ossy)
Rockstar Commandments 1. Thou shalt be addicted to sex, drugs and alcohol. (ie Aerosmith, Beatles, Rolling Stones, Guns N' Roses)
We're at #smbmad this morning! Who else is excited for Dogs on the Square on May 20th??
Just sent a #mamamafia email to my girls
91' Troy Perkins produces another save of the week. Count it.
Coal bin, vacuum cleaner outlets detailed on Reynolda blueprints, on view for
Congrats on your new book.
Pet peeve: People who sigh very deeply in hopes you'll ask them what's wrong.
You beat me to it!
Any other computer repair companies outside of the Reno area? We want to connect with you.
I really need to pay more attention to twitter instead of just popping in every once in awhile and missing all the biz
Think I'm gonna buy Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2013 so I can play with my kinect.
going to take the rapid downtown soon for dinner/drinks/conversation with my sweetie!
He just mkes my day better whn he texts me
Thats why soo quiet she gettn dripped on again and again lol
yes pussy
But now... Take your money and a traveler's bag. And if you don't have a gun, sell your coat and buy one.
-- May I have that name then?
To keep her to myself would be exceedingly selfish. Hence I have written a tribute that so inadequately describes her but I do my best
I'm not the owner. I work as their shipping director and warehouse manager and my partner models for them.
listening to Gamma Gamma "War Games" before heading out. Love it.
It stinks outside.
“: A record 20,000 Chelsea strips were sold in one hour today... On Ebay, by new Manchester City fans.” A different shade of shit
😒 & why is that.. And what friend
Dats Y Ion Trust NOBODY
I'm so sorry Carlanna! We've contacted the developer to address the issue.
If you have a minute check out www.d3xsoft.com to see what we are trying to achieve. anything helps! have a great evening!!
But part of the joke is that we're not supposed to take them seriously. I think the show is making fun of them.
Way to go Colts, wtf are you doing to yourself?
Thanks Spencer!
Ok I'll stop
Off to Royal/T to see what I can see. Austin Young, Squeaky Blonde, Meg Wolfe, Terence McFarland and many doughnuts.
Having a Portland styled 21st Bday, any suggestions?!?!
hi how r u?
did an interview with techcrunch the other day....
If you're in western NY, don't miss the Genny Cream Ale at its most freshest.
Uh oh...thesis troubles?
Gonna try my best not to be, Mom will help me too, she's got good instincts and the apple doesn't fall far. ;-)
Who says the #teaparty is dead?
lol sounds good to me umm wanna meet somewhere around memorial city mall??
but kudos, James for remembering how many years!
yes BUT! Why have any barrier to access for the average user? Is it just an attempt to collect specific usage data?
I'm on my way 2 see and the Wiz!
TY for the RT! #farmersmarkets are my FAVORITE food shopping site! Thanks for bringing back #slowfood and
One often sees a call only in retrospect. This too is God's design. God often reinforces our faith after we trust him, not before. -Ravi Za…
On Skype with (:
"I heard you standing there" -my brother. How is that possible?
ive bought a lot of ur products with ggreat SEO info. But is that stuff still usable after the last update?
Glad to be a part of the journey!
I could be gullible & give into that zodiac shit, but call be old fashion. But to me it just depends on the 2 people& if they really want it
Sad I #amnotwriting more today, but glad to be out on the town with my mom and trying on my dress!
Just got hit n dis punk Ass dice game... I b back tomorrow tho!
' Just seen some funny shit!!
Sure you don't want a chance to hang out with Playmate of the Year 2012?
Up early working on my second character design & story for my college application
tis a rough one, that's for sure. Haha so worth it though
#neverinamillionyears would I vote for Obama in 2012
Cleansing musical palette by listening to MLK Jr. - "The Best of the Speeches" & "Royal Best of" Lord Buckley. Deep Purple will return soon.
Is it wrong that I happen to do the same thing? lol
Happy New Year everyone!!! :)
If I text you first... Pat yourself on the back. Right now.
You earn your followers by having good relatable or funny tweets. Not by asking for Rts follows and shoutouts. but you seemed to.
I saw someone hashtag subtweet too so I was curious and looked it up it's when your referring to someone w/o saying their name!
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family.
Physically back from honeymoon. Saw a billboard for Duke Nukem. Looking for other signs of the apocalypse.
awesome alliteration!! Your a man of many talents lol!!
hell naw I seen u the other week downtown drinking a big ass beer
SHE'S DONE THIS LIKE 5 TIMES. I SWEAR, SHE'S LIKE MY MOM.
Please, headline writers, could we have a moratorium on the phrase "Santorum surge" and the like?
smells much much worse
Atlanta Hawks are sizzling!!! 😁👍
I'll be watching sweetie! Go Giants!
Looks like Alternative is disappearing from the Phoenix dial... tons of rumors that KEXX (X103.9) will become "My 103.9" later this week.
Nicole... Sigh... Really? Don't you dare make this about you!
Hi Lynsey, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Just got home bit tired. pc4pc or something idk.
I'm on my robin hood shit. Robing in the hood.
I don't know. I've always enjoyed the coffee shop/beer combo. It's been done at local shops for awhile...
Weezy look like he on something
now all I need is Britney to come out again with a leather suit and chain and I'll be ecstatic
i mean who couldnt use an extra $200... right?!
has REALLY great tweets!
A new week and a new month? I like the sound of that.
hail merry by 2pac.
In the next video diary - Zayn: I tweeted about my love for avocados and I've been receiving quite a lot in the mail since then..
Justin is creeping on 's account :) hurry follow her if you want to be followed!
First 4 days on sauce section done, now for some sleep...friday and sat off!
Need Som Ray Babies...
Watching Midnight in Paris. Really can't stand Owen Wilson.
My Corino/Funk DVD won't work... I'm depressed..
does anyone have any advice on how i can fix this? i can stil log in but it says error 200 everytime i want to go anywhere on his page.
This man on bait car just went in on these cops lmfao
Yeah no football is brutal so close but yet so far!
I dnt understand how girls can b SO "in love" with a guy they dnt truly know.they just think he's perfect,girls r a lil crazy over Justin b.
Seeking a Senior KM Analyst in Phoenix, AZ! MLS and SharePoint 2010 experience are required.
Thanks, I'll have to write that down.
yeah, they should have. Sigh.
lol when is the last time you saw boo? I'll eventually come around,I just have a few issues with people so I took a step back
Corner Bakery for breakfast! Yum! :-)
naw he deff fell off the reality show didnt help either
Just heard The Cure when the #ProBowl went to commercial
Good luck. Remember what you need to ask when you're feeling down. #WWJD ;]
Chara really looks out of sync right now. Bad reads, getting caught too deep, bad passes, giveaways. Needs to re-focus, #Bruins need him!
For a good play by play of tonight's #matchforcure check out
Kyle Washington will be at NBA Players Development camp at Virginia, the Stoudemire skills camp and the LeBron skills camp this summer
glad to see new choices in D13. Surprised though about no new schools in D14 given explosion of new homes in Wiliamsburg.
We can help with your #FastFoodAddiction by giving you over 200 free fast food freebies.
Forgive me???
it looks amazing.
It's a type of morning.
You crazy? Im SO glad Undertaker won.The streak CANNOT die!
Hilda, appealing picture
lol this game shows why the bulls will never do well in the playoffs
RT : Curious, who out there uses Kurrently, Trendsmap, Snapbird and/or Backtweets? Great search tools. Any other faves?
Not to sound mean but....Baggie Jeans with silver rodeo buckle, cowboy boots, wife beater, gold bling, doorag and straw hat. FOR REAL smh
"Let us dare to dream" <3
Colbert & Stewart rerun the show 3x the next day and is available online
Lauren's curling my hair....
Aaron Levenstein~ Statistics are like bikinis. What they reveal is suggestive but what they conceal is vital.
knock on wood!
Ever try to explain to a kid with Asperger's why he cannot say, "I'm gonna kill ya!" but his classmate can?
": Mcfaddens in Pittsburgh is the craziest bar I have ever been in but filled with douce bags." Thanks...I think
Did I REALLY just step in dog poop....walking through my hall?!?! #thisiswhyilove #cats -__- They poop in a box, not your hallway.
I said "Nice," which is playing nice.
So I went to sleep with my hair curly, and when I woke up it was straightened..
Ppl wonder why I dont fool wit dem like that..
Scary episode so far, including the scary thought of ever being interviewed by Sherlock. #SherlockPBS ^LG
Waterfront bike ride with the father. Good for my soul. Beautiful day,
": “Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.”" Senior quotee <333
Same to you!
gimme some cookies
would love to meet you one day. You truly are a special woman.
how do you know they broke up? Did they tweet it?
Farmers Market till noon, still time to get ova here for your fruits and veggies!
i work mon wed fri and sat..finally gonna be makin some money
Of course. I picked Figgins first in my fantasy draft.
Get a Crock Pot! I wish I had one when my kids were little.
Please sing a lot. Lots of country.
Today is GameDay!!!
#SJP Varsity Baseball News: Monday's game vs. GTOWN FRIENDS is now at LaSalle University, first pitch 4:15pm -
84% The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
Little bro, that's real good the news crew came out. Major moves for your showcase in the BR!
Is that you on the docket for the MLA Applied Technology and Trends Workshop?
First panel at the #LATFOB YA Stage 11AM: Brave New Worlds - Writing the Unreal with , , and Laura & Tom McNeal.
Drive Competition Entry: Cliff Martinez played drums for... #drive Red Hot Chilli Peppers
do i know u lol
Thx for the follow! Love your shows. Great preso at breakfast. Can't wait to share Daniel Tiger with my son. Cheers!
We just got a spam DM from you.
I absolutely LOVE that the icon is from soundtrack () ()
I expect to go somewhere fun with your winnings. And a puppy.
At church now feel good
Thanks! Yeah, just wanted to get the word out about that band more than anything!
sfjazz collective tday - utube shoot w jack conte & crew, gig at napa opera house, dinner at ubuntu. (natalie portman dining at next table!)
Learning how to use twitter....
To do list b4 fall semester: learn welsh, new blog, find job...we'll see how much I get done.
That looks (looked?) delicious! New alternative option for Sip 'N Squawk?
OKC is for real !
wow that is a tough one. a really tough one. RT : find me a pool hall spot that has good food in nyc
i'm sick of people using me for my money. best friends? yea right.
i dont care enough for all that.
Long day. Gnite folks.
But in the playoffs at least sum of that changes.
ahhahahha please do
thanks for the facebook love
Waiting in this line to get into myst...why the hell is it so long and its only 1130
what does it look like!??
Interesting comparison. We're not familiar with that particular flavor but you're the expert. :p
Thats Melo. No one else on that team could get buckets. And the Knicks are not discipline. Indy has been consistent all year
RT "The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others," - Mahatma Gandhi
I'll have to arrange one for us next time Im back in MIA then ;) So relaxing!
These are all just poor reflections of the original 2nd person plural: "ye".
I'd love to pick U up in the "Red Sled"...Going to Yellowstone/Tetons for Natl' Park Week, wanna come?
Surprised #MothersDayDelonteJokes isn't trending yet
I'm not sure I'd make a very good evangelist given that I've got a total of 266 tweets after 4+ years with this account.
Just set that as my wallpaper, pretty cool stuff dude thanks.
What did you do to ? He's hurt.
When are you opening? We'll be in Chicago in August and would love to stop by!
Foxhorn won @ iO West Cage Match last night!!! Come back next Thursday and see us put on a show!!!
RT 10:42 in New York....What Tim Tebow calls "bedtime" and the rest of the Jets call "appetizers".
I feel like 💩
Thanks for this lead for big v small. will pass it on.
you're welcome!
I've seen 50 clicks happen in less than a minute before, it really is a great thing to see
Big lips are a turn on ;) lol
Our friends at were featured on the ! Congrats! You can WIN this adorable outfit at our Nutrition Thru the Bump event
what are your favorite things to do around #montgomery #Alabama?!
That sideline shot of Mark Sanchez with a broken nose.. priceless.
We are too! RT : The new record may be my favorite of 2012 so far. Excited to see them next week !
lmao! Why he have to be all that! He might just be expressing himself. Lol
Burton no different MT : Seriously wet, grey morning. Definitely a day for indoor occupations!
Amazing friday night with lifelong friends & the spoils of their idyllic permaculture food forest lifestyle. (Fiddlehead sourdough pizzas!)
Liberty leads 1-0 after the first.
"Its not about you. You have to understand your audience, and executive sponsor. Are they a cat or dog?"
thru your family (if permanent residents or American citizens), your place of employment, the US military, thru marriage
421 Better Late Than Never! Come to Tea Pot Lounge for your $25 an 8th special.
Nosotros at Vanessie in Santa Fe this Saturday 7pm
hell yeah..lmao
Still campaigning for that Dr. Who gig, ?
that game is sik
Michigan with two unearned runs in the first.
And of course the toll booth person just wished me good morning. It's only 4:30...
If you're at #DerbyCon this weekend, be sure to stop by the No Starch table!
Excited to get fancy to tonight with my twin
#yougetpointsif you can sing and dance....and i mean REALLY dance. like waltz and twirl me around the room :)
NPR news is depressing because it lacks the obviously retarded false optimism of FOX news.
On a related note, Baltimore offers no advantage over other cities for starting an K12 EdTech company. Except it's cheap to live here.
I don't understand your relationship . . . I don't think you do either.
Seriously guy in the doctors office waiting room!? Take your phone off speaker I don't wanna hear your convo! Thanks a bunch!
Want to have sex?
Of course not. I am sure he thinks that the job of MY family and MY friends.
I had a crush on the same guy for 7 months, I don't even know what to do with myself anymore . . . FREEDOM
Both are better than Stewart!
I Have To Ask You Something Dm Me!
he..he...snowball.
lmao, find one for me.
I love you even though Hutch High failed you.
Anything that implies police violence against protesters is violence against the police. And THUS, ORDER IS RESTORED.
Been there RT Stop mid-song for 15 mins so the wedding next door can toast? End early so they can slow dance?
What is with Johnny Depp's accent?
#scms12 Doane: Kant: sublime is an attribute of subjectivity > infinity as a power within the subject
Dying your hair with koolaid -_-
I hate day 2's.
Just remembered getting a lap dance, friday night! lol
Have a good weekend!!!
I was so busy preparing to present that I'm just responding now! :P walker art center party tonight?
how I'm fake
Damn that sounds perfect RT : I want hot tamales, French fries, and Giordano's
Well, now I find I can put it off 'til Tuesday now! :D
start time works good for us on the west coast. What's up with the skipping iheartradio stream
Much love to you all!!!!
Damn Twitter Y ALL THE SPAM ????
Has John seen Vietnam in HD on the History Channel. I highly recommend it!
When someone tells me to have a good day I demand they provide me with suggestions.
" POCKETS FOR SNACKS!!!"
Pittacus~ The measure of a man is what he does with power.
Cuse calls a timeout.
sleep #tired. what to do later?!..
YES! Gertner is booked.
Intense game in Memphis! Go Clippers! RACK CITY CLIPPS RACK RACK CITY CLIPPS! CHRIS PAUL TO BLAKE GRIFFIN BITCH!
idk why i use the term "kid" to sometimes refer to those older than me
hey call this number 3625007 Jordan needs to talk to you ASAP!!!!!!!!
you better find me on hanging with friends!
wrap-up strategy meeting last night. thanks to for organizing 4 summer sessions and thanks to the attendees
A military plane has crashed in Adams Co, according to Adams Co Sheriff Dept.
apologies - missed your tweet in the rush this morning! Did you get registered?
Back to #recording the new demo tonight! It's all about #vocals in this session!
Wish more people lived by that code.
Tweet during dnd.Yeah.
Great day and all, but Jim Joyce still blew that call.
A lifetime supply of theCRICKETtoy to the next person to purchase complete set of Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns (it's my break even one) :)
I'm open to the possibility of hash whites.
oh but pwease?
NOW ROCKIN OVERTIME ON FRONT STAGE RADIO HELPING OUT AND THE CREW
What happened?
Welcome, Marley, my Wordpress twin! Thank you for the *like*.
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas! Check it out
I want some new ppl to txt...maybe it'll help get my mind off things..
big hoops weekend for your home state!
You got that right man Ravens facing steelers now and ravens got this
we're the cutest couple ever.
With the #outdoor #pizza #oven, you are able to cook a delicious pizza in any manner you want it without warming up your home with the oven.
True. Pre season means nothing! Now, for our first team to win out!
dear new followers, check out our music<3
Guidance of Losing Your Weight with Weightlosslover
welcome back to swimming :))
There's no use in memorizing my best friend's number cause that bitch changes number every 2 months
Hey, thx for the rt! how are you tonight?
I hardly ever use twitter but I guess for you I will <3
Reetweet this if you Remember Chatting with me and answering my tunes Question!:D if not.........then
Come to Carabar and and I will show you our boobs.
RT Loving my #Oikos Greek yogurt... and not just because promotes it! OK...maybe a little :) #donttellmyhusband ;)
Choose a job you love and you will never have to work a day in your life. ~Confucius.
Joseph Joubert: Imagination is the eye of the soul.
all the way to the hilt.
AWWESOME! thanks girl!!!:)
what level prestige are you? Lol
World's best and funniest Pumpkins
I need help using google anaytics with multitenant redirection in the cloud, is this possible? not clear from your webinfo
Hi Bobby, thanks for the follow! Do any youtube videos exist of your famous wedding dancing?
So do any of you know who might've painted that fake crosswalk at SE 10th and Ash in Portland? We'd like to talk to him or her or them!
Blasting Taylor Swift's cd on my way to work. Getting some weird looks... Who can resist singing along to Taylor Swift?
I already convinced both of my parents! haha So it's all up to you!
if i sent u a chicago bulls snapback.. would u where it?
Kenyon Martin is so gay lol but he's a #bearcat so its all good den
S/o to the money
The titanic comercial gets me emotional
“: Can you stop breathing? #itsannoyingme”
I MISSCHU TOO❤😘
I think, therefore I'm single.
aw that stinks - we had a very similar experience - such a bummer!
King appoints 9 chairs for US Senate campaign - RealClearPolitics
AMERIAN IDOL: Oh God! That's what AI needs, another joke like Taylor Hicks & Sanjaya Malakar, but it's Heejun Han.
I need Sonic 4 Episode 2 now!!!!
But what Asian accent???
A team of medical workers in Mexico were caught on camera as they dropped a donor heart being rushed to hospital for an urgent transplant.
Would love to--huge fans of yours!!
I validated my page and I have no error but the preview in a browser is a jumbled mess...WOW didnt George Walace do this in 1963
maybe I'm wrong, I doubt it, but maybe I am. In a year I bet there will be people asking my same question. I hope to god
haha I'm just here waiting for g to get out of his ap test and she's like you need to wait outside she needs a real job
Looking forward to the tips at #smbhou breakfast!
- you two still need some?
Drawing up the craigslist ad for my roommate search. This should be an adventure.
Congratulations to David Phelps picking up his first major league W
wild blond california girl with out of control sex drive wants u ;) cum n git it guys!
Yes, Laughton "the greatest child of all" - perfect. RB and childhood = a topic full of possibility. Has anybody written on it?
if i see anotha fool in a pt cap ima call you out.. get a regular beenie and wear it.. they $5.. wats the issue
you can comeover if you want it don't matter
sounds lovely!
Hi Barry, thank you :) I need to check out your site. Cheers. d
Korea has to be the best place in the world to drink - $1 bottles of Soju (rice wine) & good friends + drinking culture
I need 14 Followers !
One step closer to Haiti folks!!!!!!! Keep us in your prayers & just support Habitat on our journey for 2010-2011.
Great! We love KBB Luscious Locks too! :-)
Hi located in my home town! You come to mind as a prospective beta client for Shastic.com: 4 Viral promotion on Facebook!
Very exciting! Coffee one of these days?
A real man gives his lady the attention she deserves, gives her all of his love, calls her beautiful, and treats her like a queen.
Welcome & Congrats! RT : Just paid my deposit for UConn!
ask and ye shall receive. Once received, over it.
omg do that everyday. But then I see food and just o for it... :(
I feel funny. Sorry if my tweets get stranger and stranger. Roger vector delta one niner
dance for me babe? For my Bridal shower you can be my stripper.
I'm homeschooled:( wbu?? I actually live in Brisbane.
Wow, internet is that bad huh? Most people just download updates, you have to actually run them to the computer!
I will fight until the last day, & being proud for what I've stand for.
Lol...thanks! :-) I think there is some Irish in my family, along w/ German & Cherokee Indian...lol. Why do u ask?
I hate it when that happens! The worst!
It's crazy how so much can change in so little time.
we back in the A. thank you SoFlo for the hospitality!
We do dum shit outta boredom -_- . Cause we're not being productive
preciate it,,,b sure to check out sum mo of my Muzik,,,WingzOnaPlane
what's wrong with selling red-hot candies? that's what my twin sold in the 8th grade...
How is the shopping going? Do you have a go-to spot for shopping?
Get them included on the follow-ups list, you mean? Absolutely. Just send me a link.
I've never met anyone cooler than He's the best
congrats. It's over. Pissed... But good game.
still waiting for the day when i get to write my own bieberexperience :')
aww thank you!!! so do I. if he does then I'll be screaming my heart out
B-Dubs with this place is a
Medicine is a collection of uncertain prescriptions the results of which, taken collectively, are more fatal than useful to mank
"The Kiffin Effect" “: #AP #USC 10 #Oregon 9? Did I miss last night's game AT #Oregon?”
that's by far, one of the best country songs!
Which team (and why) will win on Sunday??? Post your opinion for a chance to win tickets to our all you can eat & drink special on Sunday!
This heat is making me airhead-dizzy-giddy. I want snow.
Fresh batch of Blue Point Oysters, Tried One and they are great. U can buy them by the each.
More grateful to God each and every day
www.soundcloud.com/evandstel ... Check out and new music !!
Pretty sure the organist at church this morning was playing the theme to "Jurassic Park" for the prelude.
Thanks! RT On the Table: $1 #oysters will be offered; each week different oysters featured from both east & west coasts 12pm-10pm
I don't ever want to wake up
My dad knows I only eat creamy chicken ramen noodles what is all this extra?
Teaching photography to 3-5th graders this week...
We had a great time at the #autism resource expo and walk this weekend. Thanks to everyone who came and spoke with us.
Peanut Butter Snickers are the best!<3 Its like Snickers and a Reeses. Combined.:D
- says it's the 22nd, if says it was Sun. then we all should prob drink a marg a day just to be safe.
You are very welcome ;)
Fuck ya!!!! My mom's taking me too the movies by the mall too check if Daniel Williams is there! I begged the FUCK outta her!!:DD
FUCK YOU YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT. BLOW OUT YOUR ACL. WE'RE 1000 TIMES BETTER WITHOUT YOU.
Sasaparilla! That's not it there's an R..... Sarsaparilla????? Inappropriate????
almost done with this semester. I can taste it
When people try to get me to eat when I don't want to.
Heartache from what?
First 10 people coming to booth 7854 and mention this tweet @ #NRAShow can also receive exclusive "Freeborn & Peters Bottle Opener".
I looked at the site. Great! I'm eager to see how you feel about it. Please let me know how it goes week by week.
Headache... <grumble>
Hawaii Writer's Conference 2011 or bust! Have 2 buckle down evenings & weekends to finish my next book!
Everybody wants wants wants but nobody wants to give give give.
she did change it. I don't know why she deleted it!
Flat fee realty fees getting squeezed - fidelity flat fee down to $249
Love this!!! That made my afternoon.
It's Opening Day at the K, I'm up and on my way to the stadium for some early morning TV spots!
Love that! I wish you had been my chemistry teacher. Of course, that would involve a time machine.
The Spurs made 5 of their first 6 from 3-point range. Patty Mills has 12 points. The Spurs lead the Warriors 25-23 with 2:54 left in first.
you should play me on Draw Something.. I'm tay23_
No more perms for me!
We hid 467 eggs for our hunt today. The kids had a Happy Easter! Good luck to the parents this week. ;)
More #Fridayreads - Words to EAt By: Five Foods and the culinary History of the English Language by Ira Lipkowitz
If the opportunity is not given to me then I will take that it. Been had the proof in the putting
Reggae on the radio?!? I must be home #dmvlove I missed you so much! 93.9!
I suspect your reading comprehension is sufficient enough to know I was referring only to our conversation, not your life.
hahahhahahash that was honestly the funniest thing I have ever seen in my entire life!!
sup niggga welcome to the illmu page you just be sind up lol
MC Retro Rock has brought to life!!!
Inspiration never arrived when you were searching for it. -Lisa Alther
I didn't! That would've been awesome to have talked w/ her for the show. Maybe I can add her thoughts to the notes later. Thanks!
On The Border Catering can hook up any event with amazing, mouth-watering Mexican Food. For details, call 1-888-682-2287
The President is already working hard to defeat Romney. This going to be some shellacking in November
you know you're awesome when you straight up run over your invitation to prom
I'll drive up to HP tonight and investigate in the name of journalism
Lol... twit patrol??
Gearing up for the weekend? Be sure to come into EWC for a wax! We offer amazing waxing services from your eyebrows to your toes!
All of the above.
and a Big Nut Saltue to yours!
Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men - the other 999 follow women. -Groucho Marx
Calling all HU 1996 Black College National Champions & Heritage Bowl Champion players. HU is honoring you at Homecoming this year. Call...
we should celebrate with another one!
Aww, once again medium brown dog, you know exactly when to put your head on my lap
Gift cards make the perfect holiday stocking stuffer, so be sure to stock up tomorrow while they are on sale!
so can somebody update me on please.... lol been doin to much.... maybe I can catch up on a show or 2 tonight....
Really interesting meeting. Potential applications for , programming fundamentals, and mobile for enterprise.
I have every faith you will come out looking as gorgeous as ever! Xx
I gotta dig bick. You that read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong also. And said "moment" after awkward.
Come to Portland, Oregon, Pacific Northwest.... ya dig
tru email us and we will work it out.
I'm really hoping the Josiah Turner signing is not an omen, SMU. Our bar should stay higher.
up at 3:36AM just watching videos of Justin hahaha omg
right here...got em
hey hey hey; good to see you guys on here this fine Friday morning
TAKE A VIDEO AND PUT IT UP HERRE
Why are some PARENTS acting like children? Like, in a bad way ...
That is what I need to do. And also reset the password for the online mail to something I will forget!
Deletin this account so bye bitches
Happy Thanksgiving! I am grateful my hubby is home with me this year, my kids are well, and I am able to live a life of constant adventure.
unfortunately not, sorry...
Being single is not an excuse to be a hoe.
Dude, I'm fucking hungry!
Who was the kid from st.x doing all back flips?
How do I go from 80 dollars to 25 in one day?! -_-
You could say one of two things: "call me sometime" or "let's hang out"
where are you that there is this much snow? we haven't had this much snow in Missouri.
To my husband I say "whichever way you go will be in the path of duty. You will think it right, and I shall be satisfied."
"what what" in the fight song. why does this abortion happen?
plus your goofy(:
Captioning production stills w/ legalese is not ideal. Watermark images if needed, then caption them with what they show.
Ahahah. Being around a teams fans is the fastest way to learn to hate that team.
Thanks man!!!!!! :) RT : has a nice tumblr check it out. and he is sexy too.
Our guest list is so close to the limit! We hope to see everyone there...
INgrooves' Robb MDaniels says: we've stayed away from the #SOPA debate. But we may have to get more involved. 's
Vote for your fav Choose to Matter project NOW! Voting ends Feb. 21!
LiLLiES DC also provides excellent offsite catering services and a great private room for parties and gatherings!!
Now following :)
Excellent, thoughtful piece, and a real dilemma ...
Well now its gonna really get crazy
OMG did you just use a sports analogy?! I'm so proud of you!!!
So I finally got around to activating my MobileMe account.. Now Apple is not accepting new members.
I am WITH YOU SISTER! Teaching, air travel & video are my three no-makeup exceptions.
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (11)
From my Heart to yours, If no one ever told you. YOU are BEAUTIFULLY made#FLAWS&ALL
Christine Neuman-Ortiz from Voces de la Frontera talking about the fed judges decision that forces the legislators to redraw Assem Dist 8& 9
Oh dear. The awesomeness of hitting MVP Gold this week has been tempered by their 20 min baggage guarantee failure. 55 mins...
first, finding the right software and learning how to use it. Second, gathering the data to put in it. Third, copyright
Confused, but is this the kind of thing you mean: Beyer's Hopper bio, which is more about IT dev scene than abt her--?
4 aa nimh #mintyboost flies on the recharge. So cool. Saving up for an internet of things printer/assistant.
"LIKE"!!! Very well said kid!!
Jingle Ball Saturday Dec. 10th Baton Rouge. Doors at 7:30.
My mood right now: c'mere bitch. oh no im not gonna hurt ya just c'mere. *puches them* ASSHOLE
The President of the company send his wish and hugs!
these are how rumors get started..
Mish says I need to tweet more. She's threatening to take Twitter away from me. You have your Facebook and Pinterest! This is my lil home
Perspectives on Innovations in Healthcare Technology - May 08,2012 We all know by now that health-care accounts for more than 17% of
ohh I just understood that now after it was explained to mee
That's what the stoplight is for, though. It won't turn green and say "Go!" if it doesn't work.
Catching up on last week's Game of Thrones!
Thanks, Steph! We REALLY appreciate all your support.
follow me on twitter
well this is a #curtfive situation if I've ever seen one. ( that's a curtsy & high five combo we do cuz we're cool)
I'm officially unfollowing all the people that are asking people to follow them.
I really, really need it to rain tomorrow
Another legend. Dang... “: In total shock. Whitney Houston's gone?”
my boyfriend is a huge nerd. It's pretty hot.
Dreaming of my next vacation. First person to send me a pic of a hammock wins a free HOT DOG OKC t-shirt!
When people tell you they're going to do something but don't.. 👎
@ I-Drive Bahama Breeze enjoying the the last of my
Happy Fat Tuesday! Let's all give up beef this year!
oops sorry
Kobe might drop 50
RT : Art Deco clutch - only 20 on earth - p. 46 April issue. Art, fashion, vegan. It all works....
South is about as southern as a Kentucky Fried Chicken. Glad we bailed early. At least we won the best team name competition.
Gelatinous cube eats village. I think it's terrific...
I'm little..and white...
IT IS I've been awake like 100 hours it feels ...RT : Why does it seem like this day is draggin?
Thank you soo much you are the best I just want you to know you made my day :)
you are so right!! Football = Manhood.
You too, fabulous! ;-)
gave an amazing performance at the party. u came out in a coffin and it was everything congrats to yu!
Will be tomorrow night 10pm for the greatest hiphop show ever!!! Come out and have a great time!!!
Don't close your Heart because, of past hurts. -Open your Heart because, there's a love out there waiting just for you.
Cupid may be stupid, but he shot a big ol' arrow in MY behind! Wishing everyone a day filled with love and above all else, chocolate!
Magic Number = 27!
#toosoon RT Chris Brown halfback pass.
Yes, I agree. But we need to change grant culture to recognize importance of such endeavors & create funding mechanisms.
I used to think drinking was bad for me...so I gave up thinking
HOLY FUCK MUTANT FLY
Gorgeous! :) Where did you get them?
"It's not always about trying to fix something broken. It's also about starting all over & creating something better"
hey bill whats up man
lmfao all this FUCKERY! gettin a fat girl hopes up high!
Watching mob wives.
Grandmother gave me $20. Tempted to hit up sushi but julie works all night.
Not sure if there is an autistic wrestler, but there is a wrestler with cerebral palsy. His name is Gregory Iron.
Is getting looks ready for our upcoming fashion show
Good Morning! Awww thank you, we're all in this together :-)
“: Mifflin. T-minus 6 days. #IDontLikeWaiting” <<-- Get a sixer and sit on the curb. No rule against starting early.
my Lil sis then grew up
Why doesn't my insomnia ever kick in when I need it to???
Half Day Studio Rental Giveaway Every Month! To enter all you need to do is drop off your business card! 1201 S. Commerce St. LV, NV 89102
really?! Congrats boy!
#TeachersEdNat Our mission is to support innovative thinking and creative process by merging literature with music, art, video & ideas.
Good morning everyone and happy #TGIF!!
sing it gal!
. #Twitter doesn't #trend #occupywallstreet for 3 weeks but has Promoted tweets to sell t-shirts.
I wanna know who the hell is that Atlanta Hawks retarded owner, Sixers should be whooping his ass for making Kevin Garnett playing this well
the avail of buildable lots in Brickell is almost dry. I'd say take the opportunity. It's a beautiful bldg & desirable area.
I'll just drink straight from the bottle :p cheers
You're welcome. (:
WR Brett Swain has agreed to terms with the 49ers. Congrats Brett!
Thanks for the post.
Is this the death match for the #Republican Party > with it's schizo message? You know, Moral Majority finally killing Traditional Party?
Miss seening magic an city togathet
No problem. I do what I can to help.
Someone else has already implemented your business idea -> bad. They have already failed -> worse?
300th follower receives a FREE BOTTLE RT!
jake you suck
There but for the taste of cod go I.
So, my website got hacked. Luckily, is awesome and is killing the spammy/phishy stuff.
Research reveals eating more chocolate will lower your Body Mass Index, Katherine Hepburn was right!
Wtfffffffff Lol Stop Playing Hoe! QT : she was dykin and y'all was kinda close
On nights/mornings that I find myself awake way too early-I love reading articles on business, social media, fitness.
Hey I haven't talked to you in forever but I just wanted to say happy birthday chica :)!
BREAKING Santorum confirmed dead of pneumonia while fundraising in Nicaragua
Cross-eyes from car shopping...going to see watchmen to relax :-)
Ppl who come in to a restaurant 2 mins b4 they close need kicked in the fucking dicks..
where at?
"Wether you see him or not, you'll still be in his heart"
ugh my boyfriend is inadequate because he isn't making me this right now.
Enjoying Free Habit forming Online games Online - games online
Last night a edit/remix saved my life.
congratulations on this WONDERFUL day! Couldn't be more filled with joy for you!! Hate to miss, but my heart is SO there. xo
Hi chloe! :D
Looking forward to leading a social/search seminar for
giving me reason to go harder and upgrade the brand willing to help me out
Rt if you're an artist.
That horrible feeling when u know it will end and how shitty u'll feel when it does #herecomesdepression :(
good times
Just jumped into the
Much love for the shout! Thank you
they think black athletes dont appreciate the money like white athletes do.
You drive me crazy
#Congress: #Afterschool “provides a safe and educational environment for my grandchildren.”–Bonnie
I dread doing my DBQ.
I really like my nails now. aha
#TBRays take the lead in Toronto
It shouldnt be this complicated.
Ok. The exhibits at #Folklife2011 are great. Very nice and kid-friendly. Worth the trip.
Touching prezi by Dave Isay at #webwise. Power of the voice. Learned new term "brain bug".
fina go get a touch up i need some more ink doe
only one on the 21st the other three is either on Wednesday or Friday. I will keep you posted. You work nights?
Because AKC standards ruin functional dog breeds in favor of appearance
aww i enjoyed it. maybe more for the look and costumes.
So you're saying there's a chance! RT : City hadn't won since 1968 or so. One day Browns fans can go nuts like this
Somewhere, the Fridge puts his feet up and lights a cigar with his flaming #Terps diploma
I just found out my cat is going to die! :(
Hi Miranda,I hope you liked the Crystal Cigar Box Purse you received as a wedding gift I designed it! xoxox
it was awesome! thanks, y'all!
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/14/2012 and was under her calorie goal
um, some kid from like the 5th grade [who i hardly rmb] is im-ing me.. this is.. awkward. xD
Is there anything in this world more fun than a good game of electronic pinball?
luck pure luck
Since we reached 380 we'll release one person being interviewed soon Anyone got questions for her? :) Send em in!
Simpsons Magic Episode tonight! and AMA magic awards out West!
How was the convention did you go fam?
Drake's in town, but I don't get to see him😞
bought his first pair of running shoes, in anticipation of, well, running.
Taylor back in for Brueser, who exits the floor looking to be in a bit of pain
RT : #carmelfarmmrkt Spend a dollar at the market with local businesses, your dollar stays in the community.
players now are just too big and too fast.
I can't! I'm in too much of a good mood! :3
Why are you talking so loud so the whole train can hear your wank phone conversation?
Had an amazing time in Portland, not sure I wanna leave
Princeton fans still saying they were the closest
The corsets and bustiers! So many beautiful colors. Always great sellers at Wicked Temptations
I just wanna do you in the paint. I wanna make love to you in the place. Rollin around in the mess we made. (;
Oh sweet fgkbxc
Thank you so much :)
I feel like Natalie Portman's character in GARDEN STATE today. I tug my ear but no one's catching the signal.
I'd rather be underestimated then prove everyone wrong than overestimated and disappointing everyone...
Debuting my charity shirt tomorrow at the gym, 5 AM. Now I just need to get to sleep.
Just want to every one a safe and fun weekend.
Happy birthday to my nephew!!!! And gramps!!!
what they really want to say 'all my drinks were paid for, the girls were all hot and I was promised a starting role'
Not this year, I'm in Idyllwild until late today.
New Client website has launched www.jimaustinonline.com
My hair just might be a disaster in the morning.
Can't wait to move in my new place but in need of a car.
hahaha! It's made me curious to find out why dogs even do it.
I had grey hair when I was 17. Life.
k jus let us know!
idk what to eat for breakfast
haha that shit goes hard. you was gettin it in ha
Startup Weekend Honolulu's first night was great!! Met awesome ppl & got more clarity. Definitely recommend it. Energy high, can't sleep.
This #fridaythe13 was pretty good
Hey what's up bro
Legs hurt, headache, and its raining: todays going to be a sucky day!
Oh, to nap again someday without being ambushed by kids.
Can make you feel so small ♪
trying to locate projectors for a show Aug. 24-Sept. 28 at Big Medium. If u can loan me one please let me know!
How are you creating leads and opportunities? Collaborate says
Did anyone just see just that fan go on the floor in LA/Denver game. Throwing her stuff down as if she was going to play.
u r a lifechanger, cant get the retreat out of my mind!....sn:got my mrs. dash "salt-free" LIVING IN THE ZONE!
On the Canadian side & still getting free 3g coverage. Yay
it will be commission based and a set amount for game day help.
follow us.. or pay the consequence.. BEING JAMMED TO DEATH
how about nelly
Another night, Another dream, wasted on you.
I know, its been a minute since seeing you!
hi I sent an email on Thr but got no response. I didn't include my address - should I ? Wishing you a great day!
Greatest Times, Wildest Things,Creativity Ideas In Your Life. Make you happier, Alive, lucky, bright like sunshine. Live within happy times.
Home from a very good game but just watched the end of a #classic Phillies/Giants game. Cliff Lee and Matt Cain 19 shutout innings
play big freedia's booty battle & post a screenshot of your score on the event page. highest score wins two free tickets to Big Freedia...
Many thanks for the RT & getting the word out!!!! - The B Side
Goodnight my friends 💤
haha mi kuka bella <3 love you, thank you!
#Vegas what's good though?
#np I got a thang for you-- #MagnoliaShorty R.i.P Ma
GIVE ME A SHOUT OUT !! AND CHECK UR MENTIONS !!! :)) SHOUT OUT FROM ME
Set up the #slackline at midnight in the #snow with and friends in #vanwa; good times followed
I miss you too ! Please let's do drinks soon
I LOVE Stay Too Long
she will get somebody better than me - a mayor or a rep. or somebody like that
I feel like crap -_- ugh sick
I love you in a pedophilic way
I'm trying to force myself to like orange and yellow gummy bears. I can't do it.
Great day at prac blessed to be here
remind me to show you the scars xD you'll read about it in the journal, the story behind my pain >.< & I already did :D
Don't look into the past; because you've already been there. Focus on the future since that's where you're going.
U.S. Home builder sentiment improved in May to the highest reading since the recession on an upturn in sales and traffic.
thank you! He's really cute!
Don't miss Mequon's Health & Beauty Expo. Wednesday, May 18th from 2-7 pm. RSVP at www.quintessamedicalspa.com
normalcy is overrated.
gettin kinda depressed....
its true tho
bummer. Have a great night!
#WhenIWas13 I had my first love.. just kidding, I was only in 7th grade.
Fill in the blank: Today would be perfect if __________.
Gary Brackett put on the IR as well today. Tough day for the Colts....or is it? #suckforluck #conspiracy?
Half priced on all bottles of wine tonight!
BH Trivia Q: What is the African American cultural holiday developed by Dr. Maulana Ron Karenga? For answer visit www.AmericanLegacyMag.com
WE appreciate your RT of our RT. :-)
I can't imagine SNL without Kristen Wiig! Ah :(
Another happy Frankenmuth beer drinker. ENJOY!
Poor Jesus. Bless his heart
Great fight guys!!! Both of you put on a great fight :) Carlos on top!
So excited to be at court to challenge a parking ticket. Whether I end up paying or not it will be cathartic for all DC tickets I paid.
Pray for Japan! Yet more tragedy for those folks.......
followed bro
The Rage have always said that we're a family and that wasn't more evident then on Friday night.Congrats to Rage originals the Spaciels
who gets to hit their coworkers with paintballs? we do! check out our Facebook page for video of the paintball war we had yesterday!...
I want to jizz on your face
lol..how true!
i really need out of this place anyone wanna help before i become homeless? need a place to stay
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements. - Napoleon Hill
thanks for following ty!!
Could not be happier that is here!! :D
hi cutebutt c:
Bruins vs. Predators gametime 1pm stop in!
Ah!! Someone from a 12 step program keeps texting me and saying I am -4GVN- and that I am a living stone! What!?!
thank you sir.
I wanna go!!!
& making one of those fan page things = hilarious so no.
300th follower will get a S/O obviously(:
Am i the only one that still loves the song "Call Maybe?"
I WOULD LOVE TO WE NEED TO TALK!!!
need to put their end of the season skid behind them and start playing with some intense playoff lacrosse!
#fa435 color scheme and logo designs are done. still need thumbs up from group. web design in the works.
Overheard on the street, mother to a little girl: "I would shove everybody out of the way to get to you. Don't worry, baby."
I'll bring you a slap in the face! RT ": bring me some mutha fucka!!!!”
did you end up going out last night?
Love makes you do crazy things
oh hi
where you at girlie??
Never knowing when you'll see him next <
Scott Brown has received more Wall St funding than any other senator.
Working on a YouTube channel for y'all! Can't wait to start giving y'all some vids! This channel's gonna rock!
We're doing our cultish Rock Chalk chant now. Even frightens me at times.
ha. too funny... that's how i know it's time to wash my jeans.
Loneliness is the #WorstFeeling ever );
we're like a hyphen and minus we look the same but we're diff'rent cuz you just make words connect but I'll subtract you this instant
College football is a sport that bears the same relation to education that bullfighting does to agriculture.
ride was ok. although i was THAT guy who forces the pace from start, then turns off early. now 2aday: 50m bike + laser tag w/ 7yr olds
Go Phil!!
thanks for following me man, hope you like my artwork
Love it - every step is part of the journey.
I think that was more about the libertine attitudes of French Canadians. Definitely an interesting reaction from Sally. Good EP.
Blippar, its an augmented reality scanner that brings advertisements to life!
"The #Farm #Bill and Me: A Love Story" - Mark Muller,
Will someone please go to rancid with me Sunday?
Feel Alive
In awkward situations, we all pretend to text.
For every sale you miss because you're too enthusiastic, you will miss a hundred because you're not enthusiastic enough
aww love you more!
He hugged Goodell like that was his dad. Lol
3 weeks and several heartbreaking "Oh, So Close!" living situations later, I am STILL looking for a decent place to live in SF. For Apr 1
I know exactly what I'm doin in life and if ur not helping, thats when I keep it movin
is quickly becoming Baltimore's home for house, techno, bass, Moombahton, & funk! Come check us out.
F the heard... and Clemson too!
Which one?
Just read your book - loved it. Happy new year!
Drats! I missed out on The Ultimate Lean Startup Bundle. I guess I will just have wing it.
I think these villages in Saint David Parish need some playgrounds. I wonder what I could do to help make that happen within a year or so.
hey! You singing?
Alone like I said .....tired of this ugh
Laying bed thinking to myself "something is missing here..." if only he was here with me right now, it'd make everything better.
Welcome to Twitter. I believe Hell has frozen over!
We always enjoy ourselves when we are there and the wait staff is always fantastic
Thinking about the CL final: ideally it'll be Cahill-Luiz at the back, but if one of them can't put Mikel back there
Chick fil a, concert, then #Avengers :)
Good morning,sunshines ...:) have a nice day and a success new week ♥ :))
Walking thru a parking lot & an older guy drove by in fancy car, suit, music blasting. I got a HUGE wiff of his cologne on his way by. LOL
Thanks! Who doesn't think Angostura bitters is a staple? Cheers and have fun at #MCC2012!
My grandma it's talking it's interesting lol
with ass in chemistry.
hopefully the Easter bunny will replenish my FanDuel account after yesterday.
well everyone hates monday so remember when i said my cousin came
he's not lying
love ya too! (: glad to be back. xD i like how every other tweet on my timeline is 1d related nowadays. lilly likey. :P
What's worse: the self-proclaimed wine expert of the self-proclaimed sushi expert?! Thoughts?
Going to appointment
ROC BROKE HIS ARM!
stop drop & roll s on fiyahhh.
good...went to Oedo Island...they have got a botanical garden to die for...even better then ones in the US....it was awesome
thanks for asking! I am having a great day with my daughter!
Fun! RT Pajama party at the Sacramento Zoo! Zoo admission is free on Christmas Eve 12/24 10am-1.30pm, wear your best pjs!
Yum!!! I love caprese! RT : I made myself a Caprese salad for lunch. OMG yummy.
she loves pikachu more than her boyfriend
Kids are at the museum, so I'm going to pass on crashing the party. Safe travels back! See you soon!
": Lol everyone's asking about the other special guests for May 5th.. There's a reason why they're "special" guests ppl!" Lol
Gurlll, you win..... by the way, I LIKE YO DRESS!
officially a part of the team in my youth group going to Joplin, MO this summer to do mission work. so excited!
"Making a plan and sticking to it guarantees a suboptimal solution." - Andrew Fitzgibbon via Michael Allen
OK let's try Hangout. I'll ping you later on...
O my god Becky look at her butt Tunechi!!!
MORNING TOPIC...SQUIRRELS..HEY, HAVE MR DOOCY CK THESE SQUIRRELS OUT..www.flattenedsquirrels.com
Happy #Mothers Day to all of you beautiful Mother's out there. May your day be filled with big hugs and lots of love.
Let's do this again! RT : Yes planning on doing it monthly- send topic suggestions and stay tuned!
3 ppl today so far.
Hey, that's not nice.
don't you love the nike + gps, i use it with my spotify app too so i can listen to anything, the fbook sync didn't work for me
4.0.6 is out. I'm marking it Beta since I'm tired and might have messed somethings up. Added tooltips!
Hey #Memphis : We are not pleased with our internet service...who do you use?
Study from Univ of Wiscon.grades access to healthcare,healthy food,how long we live.SD ranks 18 of 56 CA counties
Just got a laptop bag/wallet/purse make-over -- thank you fashion valley in SD! Fabulous customer service as always.
Thanks for linking up on my post earlier! :)
Dear pathetic loser that attacked Justin, Justin has more people behind him then you ever will..
Hi ! Noticed that you tweeted about your high electric bill. I think we can help-have you ever considered prepaid electricity?
just saw your video prediction on Sanchez, assisted by Messi. Your like a soccer version of Mystic Meg!
RT : “: Congrats to all of the #Varrow folks who made today's #VM12 event a fantastic one. Jessica rocks!” +1000
All i ate was ONE bean & cheese taco, & I'm already full? Why have i been getting full so fast lately? :o
Good Morning World,
Don't worry. You're entirely justified ;-)
So how did it go?'
That is why I refuse to buy one.
Brant Torres asks about the drinking scenes in Franklin Evans in relation to privileging of "open orifice"...
So proud of for having three whole tweets!
I know question was not directed at me, but no, it wouldn't have counted. Game "re-sets" to the time the Sabres goal scores.
betch block me
Trying to match the beat someone across the gym is clapping to because you're that bored. #fuckme 😔
I know three different people in Vegas for three different reasons tonight. Feel like I'm in the wrong city.
Vegan Pumpkin Pie is good, I'm making 2 for thanksgiving.
It would be silly not too! RT I want a pair of Jordan sandals
Hey everyone #Follow Great place for you and all your friends to come check out. #FollowBack if you love this place
when I was twelve
Police are searching for the husband of a woman found stabbed to death inside her Burlington home on Thursday.
Bibby gonna be a key for us this game lol
Btw, this is going to keep happening for a couple hours. Sorry....
the flash powder from my old timey camera charred them.
can't wait to see
Oops! Typo alert - of course should be
Need 2 booth workers Get MyTalk next version, Workspace, attend CSUN sessions. Demo in booth 4 hrs Friday&Sat
what's the nature of the difficulty?
hahahahahhahahaha! I would be up for dranks AND Frank's! Let's do it! Fingers crossed for more #Pens action!
exactly! Maybe better to not have this type address you at all.
Damn it! I missed Mad Men yesterday. Is it on AMC's website?
Yes. Everyone who is tweeting is using
Just finished washing my baby
I have a lot of questions about this that I'm just going to let go.
Somebody fucking come over!
Can't believe it's already May.
haha yeaah sorry about that...nothing I can do there!
With Santorum standing down his campaign we'll now begin to see a vision for our Nation take shape. - JDG
Day break
Can't wait to have the whole Harvard Sailing Team on the show tmw night via Skype! We're so 2011. Plus $3 beers all night long! 9:30
pretty cool stuff
RT If you want something you've never had before, you have to do something you've never done before!
he says ur welcome. and he gonna help me with my chapters and stuff 2day. and he gonna help u tomorrow
Sometimes you wish you didn't have posters on your wall cause you feel like they're watching everything you do.
Did my homework in geomatry... First time all semester :D
Got a HUGE announcement for my law practice coming next week. Ooohhh, the suspense!!
WANT TO AUTOMATE TWITTER? Auto-Follow, Auto-Unfollow, Auto-Tweet
Went more of you lord
I missed #StyledByJune on monday but please tell me it's coming on next Monday because I love your
Relax and enjoy the rest of your weekend!
No one got me an Easter basket or Easter bunny this year :( poop
stop being so serious Diego! :)
The best thing about making champagne cupcakes is drinking the extra champagne while baking them.
RT : Thank you everyone who has purchased my songs from iTunes! Your support helps me to keep making music!!!
Excited to have a new gym in CA, mine is getting a little old after 2 years. Regardless, im off to the gym! #working out
customer service=FAIL. After eight years as a customer, I'm jumping ship for another company.
my youngest son has wanted to run away twice in the last two days. Mother of The Year, 2012 - here I come!
miss u too! I miss everyone!!
Every generation needs a new revolution. Mine starts now!!! — Thomas Jefferson
I am fine my dear thanks. And you??? Love u so much :*
Be here this Sat @ 1 PM 4 the tasting. Pick up some of their drinking chocolate in Original, Mint or 6-Spice while you're here!
_!-||! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
SORRY PEOPLE IF IM SPAMMING U GUYS WITH THE STALKING APP ITS doing its by its self not mee <3!!!!!
how many girls from Dripping Springs have you dated at this point?
UT officials give the "all clear" following shooting incident today, but campus remains closed. TDL will resume normal hours tomorrow.
OMG they are that juss made my night lol
Check out this special announcement by www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB_14PI_qP0&feature=youtube_gdata_player
Heading downtown to testify to the DC Council on 2012 budget. A 40% cut to collections budget is dearth nail for public libraries!
Have finally realized that when you die, it is the end of experiences in this body. I honestly had not figured this out in 54 yrs.
We came in as first runner up in the New Media Film Fest's Audience Choice category.
RT : Jon Bon Jovi is not dead, nor has he been shot through the heart. Your to blame Twitter. You give news a bad name.
wish all pussy taste like that
Business Costso today from 11 am - 2 pm 222 MLK 89106! Stop by and get a cheesesteak and some Italian Ice! It's a great day to be hungry!!
When one gets sick they all get sick
i think he has sweat on his ass, and his pants look like 68 year old farmer boy pants.
Cheers for the #ff bro
First time since the TD I've seen LaMichael run with purpose and power. Maybe it's cramps, but they need a star to STEP UP
Mamas boy:)
no, he wont reply so whats the point ?! Lol
Did the #P90X legs and back workout. Capped it off with #AbRipperX. Now it's time for bed.
My boyfriend cute
I live in a town that people come from but never go to.
Congrats, for being selected by Detroit!!
Help Us Spread The Word. Were Tryin To Reach 1,000
#thingsIdislike -- waiting more than 20 minutes for the
Damn it's cold, but it could be worse. So, no complaints.
i hate waiting around -_- im wasting my good looks here.
Trying again. I hate when I have to eat at holiday inn. Not cat!
Omg kid at Conrads, stop talking on your fucking iphone. Your voice is annoying as hell
even better on the replay. Got to see those golden locks in slow motion.
Thanks, stealth! I've got editing coming out my ears!
LIVIN IN A LONELY WORLD
Working at the Capitol has made me fascinated by domes. Do you have a favorite?
Catch the latest news on service and therapy animals news! Visit our blog at: www.crtasa.blogspot.com
Next Principles' app for measuring social media has nice data vizualization using D3 javascript package
like the portrayal of Lord Tywin in
Love u even more after this tweet RT : Seen more of guys in studio than the players at super bowl. Z hurry up music.
Thanks for listening!!!
"Pretty face or fit body?" Niall: "Pretty face." Harry: "Yeah, pretty face." Louis: "Definitely pretty face." Liam: "Face pretty.
#Thankstomyex ...i hate carrots!!! >:(
So close to 100+. Give me a shoutout!!!!! :)
can somebody tweet me the calico vs ored battle!! plz
Just watching where #Irene goes. Where the wind blows, nobody knows.
♀Always be aware that there are some people that celebrate your weakness and downfalls♀
I might as well get my hair done its a beautiful day for it. :-)
maN RAIDERS WON WHO
i really don't care lol fck it '! :)
I hope isn't watching this unfold...
Work was crazy today but ii got thru it. Lol
Merry Christmas Everyone have a nice wonderful holiday with your family and friends and get x-mas present enjoy your Christmas :)
Money,power,respect
I wanna skip school so bad tomorrow but I need to prove Mr. Spite wrong... So I can't. 😠🔫
Need This JOB Bad
you and both! I'm craving a Carmel macchiato 😒
#FoodFirst Kids will make their own fortune or create a sad future 4 themselvs as they grow up, but 1st they need food 2 grow up.
That guy just asked me if I wanted to help him kill someone. True story.
and that was Bodemeister to win, not to wit. Or to wit, Bodemeister to win. Or something like that.
How's Your Wednesday!?
I have an ARC of Wonderstruck in my bag! It's going to be a great weekend!!
My wife goes to Ballys. They used to have water aerobics but no swimming classes.
Imagine if we could do something similar for the cause of the 99%
I vacuumed the vacuum cleaner just now. I am just a Postmodern guy.
why is there a coldwater creek dress in the new Good Housekeeping that isn't available on their website? Hate that.
Yes, but I doubt if you assessed your favorite movies of all time, it would be in the top 10. I assume!
you laced it fam!
Man in security line behind me has on the tightest man-pants I've ever seen. Yes, even tighter than Russell Brand's.
I'm about to smack you in the face if you transfer me to one more department. You booked me on a flight that DOESN"T EXIST.
He will never call us out where we can not go. Fear is just a feeling- NOTHING MORE... Continued next tweet
- thanks for the follow!
just checking to make sure we are properly signed up for the entire competition. Team "ritemediagroup"
Haven't had a whip-it since college. It froze to my lip. No 911 for me though.
Feel great with green today! Optimize your diet with green fruits and vegetables.
Yay my cousins r coming over!!!
RT : Everyone has a teenage crush << Oprah...
#ReplaceAEminemSongWithPizza pizza bound
Tired, it must be almost 2:00 naptime, there must be a doughnut out there with my name on it. Sunshine would be nice Pia.
Agree. We need more from our government. Not less
Ithaca College sweatshirt spotted on the Bedford Ave L platform!
About to have a meeting with my boy from #Interscope about labelzero.com 's new studio buildout.
You've been through more laps then the Indy 500
There's only 13 shopping days until Christmas! Also, don’t forget our storage boxes are 20% off until the end of the month!
made some tweeks, now recording a new track for produced by ...
Thanks for the RT today!
The kid three seats behind me on the bus is listening to nirvana... I have my headphones on and I can still hear his music.
hmm I haven't had theirs yet. I guess ill try it tomorrow.
You a stupid hoe.
lmao. My mom still refuses to accept how old they are xD She said Jjong was the best looking one... And she thinks I like Key
When life knocks you on your knees your in the prefect place to pray<3
So were cool
Love makes the world go 'round. Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!
Very well said! When you put yourself in the public eye you should prepare yourself for criticism.
You get discounted prices for brother ink cartridges, inkjet printer cartridges, Canon printer ink which offer higher print yields
Making a super funny video me and my friends. WHERE ARE U????
your welcome:)
I’ve run into that before, more often than I like. It completely baffles me.
I hate when Twitter spam infiltrates Infiltrates my message box. Grrr.
Come on patriots!
#iLikePeopleWho help other people
laugh my butt off!
Home! Epic first trip to Newport seafood & wine festival. Shut it and the city of Newport down. Can't wait for next year!
Twitter is blowing up with the Ryan Bruan news, wow. I wonder how many mentions per second...maybe a good question for ?
Yay! Enjoy those four paid vacation days!
I'm just happy to have a tweet people are replying to
It's hard to believe that the series finale of #DesperateHousewives is tonight. So long, Wisteria Lane...
When I believe and know in my heart that everything is really alright, immediately everything becomes alright for me. I claim it now.
Going to paint my nails black
Why should anyone care about the rants of Mel Gibson or anyone else for that matter
great place to live and party
Thanks for following. Willkommen to Newark Twinning!
SIMRA open house Saturday
Tweet me?(:
Awesome! (As long as you don't marry Tom Cruise or his ilk.)
If you're sexy & you know it, put your hands up. :)
