At the Grand Opening of in Old Town Scottsdale Love the vibe so far.
That's too much sun! Can you send some sun rays over to Seattle?
Mount Olive Middle School wins ‘Superbowl’ of awards
Watching Carson run is eerily similar to Snoop. The #28 on his chest definitely helps. Gives me chills...
The Red Claws are hanging out today with the kids in MSAD 61 at their annual career fair held at Lakes Region HS!
sorry i said i was going to make a vid and i didnt but i just might today since my fone is being goodlol-Tamya:P
Originality is a by-product of sincerity.
Is your current professional position an appointment or destination? If its not a destination, what are you doing to assure you move forward
I'm bored with IQ tests... "Find the odd one out" -_-.
Lol they liked the sound clip haha
ikr... Its okay i havent either/:
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but as long as we're here we might as well dance.
Big goal late in the period by Boedker. Phoenix does not go down easy.
will deff check this out! Keep em coming man!
STALL: I-5 southbound @ Capitol, left lane blocked, expect delays
So bored someone tweet me!!!
I'd say in about a year, once this music shit jumps off me n girlie gon be inna sick ass crib in the hills!! Star status!!
Merry Christmas everybody!
WHY YOU TRYING TO MAKE ME FEEL SLOW!! HAHAH
that would be all day long.
Rave Reviews for Invizio’s Cracking the Code: Business Technology Seminar
Ahh 7 more!!:D Give me a shout out pls!!!:) i will love you lol
Oooohh RT Watching Josh Cooper in Rookie mini camp, I recall Brian Brennan about 27 years ago.
Research on Evolution Strategy with Algorithms and Applications ...
Beyond The Black Rainbow looked gorgeous and had its moments. But what a silly ending. Yeesh.
All about them girly girls. Ain't that right ?
Think of how much brain stuff I could be doing if I hadnt committed a bunch of Archie comic plots to memory. Alas.
Do you think kLove just sealed a 5th year last night with that shot?
#Packers take Worthy from Michigan State? They hate Wisconsin.
I know it's for the best... I need detoxing!
and i love you lol
When your parents get mad that you are doing homework<<< What is this world coming to? Parents mad that I'm doing something right?
Whatever. This sucks.
All students: tomorrow Nov 4th is the last day to drop courses. Please see your advisor before taking action to discuss best options for you
Just bought #MassEffect3 #ME3 for PC, anyone have it I'll be doing multiplayer once it's installed!! username: danielxmiller :)
really? Lol he alright
Don’t waste your life trying to impress other people. Do what you love and love what you do.
bagel club (Passover remix)
I knew it! Librarians don't actually take vacation vacations :)
Dude, R. Stevie is phenomenal. Criminally unknown.
*takes a seat* sigh LOL. I looked good though didn't I?
Are you ready for so baseball?
Omg! I would never have the nerve! You're a badass Ryan!
how did fieres have a 1.11 era today if he had no earned runs? Or is that his era in the yr? If so, wow
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. -Edison presentation
I wish I were there for that mr.reilly ordeal
"I know I've strayed off my course and I'll have to leave here soon, But for now won't you leave me in my haze"
We did! Sorry I haven't gotten back to you yet. If we decide to print it, I will definitely let you know. Thank you, so much.
THE FIRST FRIDAY = INSTANT CLASSIC
Watching 1993 Star Trek:TNG episode "Parallels" based on David Lewis' (radical) theory of modal realism, 15 years prior to !
One more CE staff for this afternoon! (Alison)
Just got accepted to study abroad in Athens. WHAT! WHAT?!?!?
I can resist everything except temptation. Oscar Wilde
First day of self employment - Done! I even got some work! Woohoo! I know it won't be easy, but it will be worth it in the end.
I don't wanna admitt I miss you,but I can't help but think about you alot
Trick or Tweet , DM me please!
u know I take that as offense
oh my god....&teachers are supposed to be role models...?
I got you all day baby all day
I just ate a Popsicle & now I want another one . 😁 💗
Really want to do a full-on hole-in-the-ground pit barbecue day.
#notgonnalie I secretly jam out to that One Direction song in the car. It's catchy...
Happy Thanksgiving to all!!
Lingua Franca => A common language
#five directions diner
... the nuking is a great idea; I'll share with the kids. They'll love it (and the apple slices)!
We loved the mention Andy
SUPER Fridays tonight catch me rocking out and providing closing tunes!
A good, sweet quiet Sunday.
That one song that brings back so many memories.
well I'm glad you're ok, I've never seen/heard you talk like that.
Yeah but there are only 30 nba jobs
:( srry already voted for the other guy!!! lol
Yay!! I miss you too!!
HE GONE!!!
yea i agree i wasn't going to buy it but im glad i did... you gotta keep checking they put them on sale quick
I am trying to figure that out too...probably going to see Sean Parker...
Thanks for following on Twitter---you have impacted the world with Humanity Road in profound way,
SO happy to have a working computer again!!!! about damn time!
heeelllooo my sweetheart I'm happy you're back ;)) I'm fine thanks .. And you??? Xoxo
We will not be the generation who turns our children over to the devil because of our devilish ways.
I AM AND I LIVE IN AMERICA. Is that even normal? lol.
feelin good! abouta hit up KFC & then get more slush :D
My daughter is parading around showing off her booty.... Self-confidence. Check. Now on to Being Humble!
realized spraypaint stencil street art is a lot more difficult than I originally expected. insert "#inspiringfailurekeepatitquote" here :)
RT : developing HighWire "LiveWire" project for scholarly social media, potential for customers incl. etc
#shehechat A1: just want to give people *something* when I present. That's my biggest worry.
Everyone follow good guy and a huge uk fan
yo sarah farnia told me about you. U print yourself or do u just do designs?
Thanks again! Hope to see you soon.
Get ready all supporters G is bringing more heat than the sun 8th album #oldschoolyoung coming this summer!
Oh, you post about your one night stands on Facebook/Twitter? Please, tell me more about your family values and strong morals
Reason 6,718 being an adult is awesome: You don't get in trouble for backtalk.
I'm not particularly excited about football, but I do find the sound of a game nostalgic.
..hm interesting
I love how my clients inspire me to practice what I preach. Taking time to eat & enjoy food is necessary daily
The SAG-AFTRA Merger has been APPROVED!
My new toothbrush loves getting toothpaste all over my clothes. Beware of the spinbrush!
Bacon of the month should be here soon! YES!
Peanut butter m&ms , BOMB!
Checkout Marketing Tool at www.Video-TV-Email.com and come2 a Live-Web-Demo at 8:15pm Est tonite 4/20 www.connieislive.tv
(c) Tumblr posts about cats into Google. Some Tumblr links to that might come up.
Miss the sound of your voice
At least Kofi rightfully has a strap back around his waist.
lol why u worried bout it?
yup! My mom told me! Thank god because waiting a million hours at the DMV with sketchy people is not a good time!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer42
Watching "I Survived..." & it's really upsetting... these poor people. :(
If you missed it, here’s your chance to find out what everyone was talking about. - CLINTON is on at 7 on MPTV 10 tonight.
I'm really on fire with the topical tweets.
So true RT : I am very close to losing it with how poorly this afternoon session is flowing.
Yes! RT : T2 When I started it was almost a therapy for me. there are days I get more from the process than my readers.
RT If he introduces you to his bedroom before he introduces you to his friends/family ..... #HeJustWantsThePussy"
follow back..need to talk to you about the 2original feature..direct me
As we all know Rock & Roll ain't suppose to be pretty. Hell, you are better looking than Keith Richards any day.
How did Roshon get two 10s and Donald Driver got none!? They even got more than Maria and Derek!
I haven't posted on here in forever lol. Its good to be back
hello sorry but it is forbidding me To follow you..plz sccept
i do
Where the F are you? Rico is here!
and how did that work out for you??
Thanks, they did a great job. Already ordered some more (Slightly different wording this time).
I swear if threw out the first pitch at Dodger stadium, it'd be a strike. Never ceases to amaze me! ATHLETE!
Congratulations, !!! Who's fortunate enough to call you a part of their team?
...I deserve it.
Nice job with the officiating crew on the fake punt by LSU. Some guy semi extending his arms is really the idea of the rule.
We need more Likes of Facebook, help spread the word by sharing our page!
#RnBThrowBacks 112 anywhere... Git down to this track like a rabbit
Woa - redesign? I like it.
Well I never thought you'd stay but that's ok.
I'll never forget the people that got me to where I am today...I'll never forgive them either...
I'd like a follow, dear (:
I got some hating ass followers lol..
thanks to everyone who came out to IGNITION last night...what another crazy night! Can't wait to start spinning at the BRINK next...
no its not
Watchin americas best dance crew! Luv this show!!
#Twitter is a place where you can follow me and not get arrested.
TONITE also watch the MAVS FREE@ ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!BEAUTIFUL CLUB! 3 Levels & 3 Different Vibes!PACKED Every SAT!NO CHARGE til 11
Well look I'm comin down there before school out, ok... Imma let u kno way in advance...
RT : Paint not to show what you already know but what you want to find out...
“: Wouldnt mind giving a huge hug”>>no
thank you! Yes, and hopefully sometime this summer I'll be living on the north side! Love you too!
Shelanski: risks of bad history, outdated analogies and "not so sweet nothings"
I cant believe people are saying Obama is fucked up for supporting gay marriages...
#FF HORROR FILM LOVERS WHO ARE ABLE, PLEASE HELP DREAM OF FINISHING HIS AMAZING FAN FUNDED MOVIE COME TRUE!! PEACE!!
is one of the most natural actresses I've seen in a while. When she's laughing on a BBT, it always looks absolutely natural.
I really hate the 18th of this month wish he was here to celebrate his birthday with us :(
and my mother won't answer my calls. i just want a lunch date
More flailing -- how was I EVER productive
Happy hour specials till xlose. $5 tall captain Morgans, $5 tall stoli cocktails and $3 Jameson shots. Game on
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO IS THIS THURSDAY AT CLUB FUEGO!! AND ITS GONNA BE A FOAM PARTY!!
Ditto! RT : had a great time w/ you all today on the social media panel. Kudos on awesome presentations!
have u heard kelis song 22nd century? Lol awesome album
Just finished vocals not too long ago
lol no but in doing it for cross training.
Please get a ROCK producer this time! Guitars were way too low in the mix on Libertad!
I can't wait till I make some real money after I get my masters.
& I are all going out downtown tonight around 10 if anyone wants to join let one of us know!!!
LET IT GO.....either you still love his skillz or you dont....TIGER for PRESIDENT!
: "Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take but by the number of moments that take our breath away."
yup, I'm definatly emotional..
On my lunch break tracking out this studio session!!!!!
FILMING OUR NEW FEVERSODE titled "KILLER THANKSGIVING"! It's gonna be a good one!
Sunday - Thursday $99 a night Special! Also on Weekends when available! Come visit us! Bring the pooches!
Submit your family pics to for the hymn video this week.
Try a sample of tea from The Tea and Jazz House.
no phone serivce? i will prob keep the updates low today but we should text
I Followed!
Should be studying but fuck that
wow... i just broke three new year's resolutions at once.
best of luck with your first day tomorrow!!! You will be wonderful!!! Ill be back in on Thursday and shall hunt you down!
maybe for a while get someone to be in there with you, to confirm that your tone is appropriate.
Remember the word 'paranoid' & than u will get it ;-)
Timbers GM Gavin Wilkinson to join John Strong at halftime on 750 The Game.
good luck!! Its really hard!!
Looks like we were one of many fire alarms going off across the city.
"Vermin" is also on the list.
lol..i guess i have no choice..lol..where are u?
hey yuri, great to see you!
Taking the boy to Palo Alto today. Where can we get good pizza?
Why do I even bother?
666 Followers!!! Yes!!!!
The angels never arrived...
"Bad Girls Club" is a thousand times worse.
:...and how does one cuddle brains?? #lol :)
Get it supersized, let me know it's real.
#What2ChainzWouldSay Got 4 finals, in a week, add it up, thats no sleep, college tuition, aint cheap, Asian next 2 me, FINNA CHEEEAAAT
I Have To Go To Sandusky Within 3 Days :'(
what is up with you and fun dip you weirdo
I am a Champion! lol
How can I control my life when I can't control my hair? ~Author Unknown
packers tomorrow cannot wait to watch us Go FISHING and come back with some broken Phins*!!!
I wonder if the people driving think I'm crazy when they see me talking to myself on my walk home.
Nobody's on? :(
Tygas doing a Well Done 3!
Tell us where you keep your keys! Do you have a special place for them so you don't lose them?
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Women are really easy. Don't text or call me all today. Don't suffocate me. Just send a hey beautiful in the morning and you'll get it all.
RT : The labor movement we think is the original social network -
Bummed a pulp fiction reference had to be explained.
so....program directors hate what i'm about to do on air...sportsRadio ....but i'll need your help!!
WORKING ON BIOLOGY WORK UGH!!! WE DISSECTED PREGNANT CATS N PIGS N FROGS LOLSZ IT WAS KOOL N STINKY
listening to my 5-year-old daughter play Beethoven is blowing my mind.
Sometimes u have to lie to get by lmao
The images coming out of Haiti are heartbreaking.
Oh, Coffee :)
Dear arctic penguins, "I don't woant yo life."
Danica you SUCK!!! get outta here!
SHOUTOUT to !!!thank you so much!!:)FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK!😃
How ya been, man!?
Kona Grill...lets go folks!
My past is my wisdom to use today. . . my future is my wisdom yet to experience. Be in the present because that is where life resides.
I am cleaning my following list. If I unfollow you the next 3 days, you will be picked up by another client that would more suit your needs.
Me too. Had to fly to another sunny location. Best to you!!!
Alls around Griffith cause I can walk to it! :0)
can i just say...u r a huge inspiration to me! Thanks! :)
Website up brohydemusic. Com...... Get to know Al West see the video
And that's game! Congrats to Mexico in winning the 2012 Olympic Qualifying tournament 2-1!
You can talk to me on kik looking,forward to talking to you :-)
Cardio Time!!! At LA Fitness in Broadview, Illinois
Versace Blue Jean is on my new shopping list.
Why do I even have a phone? I have no friends, legit no one ever texts me first, I always have to text other people:/ whatever
Eventually you just can't eat anymore. I have trouble eating it nearly two decades later.
The Caribbean rum industry will receive a multi-million Euro boost thanks to a new financial agreement from the European Commission.
Gnarly storm just descended instantly upon Philly. I bring crazy weather with me on this coast.
they look so good. i would deff eat most of them. enjoy
Just giving a shoutout to our lovely friend, Your words are too kind!
Should be more productive but this weather is shit!
We're waiting for you, plenty of sand available ;)
Hey Y'all! If you like country music, come to The Warehouse in Valpo this Saturday night! Well be yer favorite!!!
I bet there are some gay-owned businesses where you are going who could use a patron.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. -Nelson Mandela
Dual-Mode Telephony Solutions Fall by the Wayside...
Need more followers
#VeryGoodLook RT : Obisoulstar at All natural in July? Sure, it would be my pleasure :-)
thanks for tweeting about our Merk deal!!
Thanks for the continued retweet love!
#perfectday to golf!
I love
that was kinda rude.. but okay.
#BaylorTaughtMe That The Heat's Are Gettin The Championship ThisYear
GoodMorning, are you excited for tomorrow? :-D <AB
In short, these articulated #fairuse best practices can protect libraries legally, as a way to codify the active practices of a group
Gucci East Atlanta Zoo great song.
bacon strips on bacon strips with jack daniels syrup!
I'll have the sportscast online soon. RT It's only fair that you bump on the 11:00pm newscast.
Operation Manual | Lottography - The Online Lottography Prices
What a great day with my love and his family 👍👍💜
Afternoon travel channel-induced hunger attack inspired by then quickly squelched by
On my way to Catalina Island for a mini vacation before I'm back at Super Club tonight :)
Good morning! Rise and shine sleepyheads! Wow...I can't believe it's already Friday! 😱
Think ima go take a nice cold shower :)
“: Oh, you're Mexican? Tell me how your favorite sport is cross country.”
so true!
school,work, church and studio
thanx for playin baylor..your gimmicky jerseys suck worse than you.
Well, if I called the wrong number, why did you answer the phone?
o! So your gonna play with Siri?
Maybe I should start being a bitch. That way no one would take advantage of me or walk all over me.
Somali rapper K&#39;naan makes songs in the key of love
It really only takes one thing to ruin such an amazing day...
ok..forreal..bye..
Top of the Hops Beer Fest in C'ville....Sat, Sept 11...Tix On-Sale Today at Musictoday and Beer Run (No Service Charges) - Cheers.
Commercial insurance? We check all the top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
I have heard that refuses to provide allergen information about their food. Does anyone know if that is true?
Anyone needing someone else to validate them? Chance of failure = 100%.
i think this is how to reply.I aint sparrin no bear!
I'm Going
nice! I recommend Vigeland if you haven't already been. and if there's any snow, the skiing near Holmenkollen is free :)
i need 10 to 15 people who want to make a little bit of money tomorrow 7am to 7pm must be bilingual $70 call me (773)403-0072
NuPoppa - the show with dads talking about dad stuff the way dads actually talk - live at 11am pacific - www.nupoppa.com
If he doesn't mind hitting you up, then he really never cared.
New Chango remodeling is a disaster, shitty sub-yuppie vibe. Mourning the loss of my favorite local coffee-work vibe
Who's Married On Atlanta House Wives.... 1 Out Of 5 Talk To Me...
Thanks for the DAM retweet!
Just submitted 'Briefcase' to the Cannes Independent Film Festival! Hopefully they can find 6 minutes to spare in their programming schedule
awww he's such a doll n such a great smile ! So glad I got to meet the lil guy :)
trust me I'm pissed myself, but appreciate team sticking to blueprint that shows some signs of progress.
ur so right. Love eternal
Phantom of the Opera time Square.
I suspect you fell asleep for different reasons...
Thanks...I love taking pictures of the amazing things that go into my body!!
Agreed! Scary? Yes. But more often than not. that 'just outside' means growth & is exactly where you're supposed to be. :-)
voooo well I wasn't in the room when you called, just DM me.
Loving the new holiday flavors! Peppermintageous! Thank you
#nisoEbook LaRue Libraries spending more money with less control; fragmented content with each vendor having own portal
Attending #Transformation-2012 online. Great information for cultural transformation
We have a new server ready - vpn-dc1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Washington DC. It's available in your customer area now.
Exactly - he's also a country musician when Leverage isn't shooting.
San Francisco, where strangers just chat, a lot, and with no expectation or reason.
Overheard : "I'm friends with three dogs on Facebook." (cc )
< I'm a little pissed Joey Cora didn't get the job with The Crew but if the new guy came from Scoscia he can't be that bad.
I am in the same boat as well...
That's what you get for cheatin' on me with other singers! Lol
sometimes. One of my bffs lives there i have to remember to text u next time!
MIAMI VICE marathon while doing work and drinking coffee because, as Rick Castle said, "there are no bad episodes of MIAMI VICE..."
Told you The Chara Jinx was in!!!!! Squeeeeeeeeee! #CAPS!
So excited to chat with influential family and mom bloggers in DC! Please email
22 middle school and high school students signed up today for our first youth event!!!
When the bottoms of your pants get wet from the rain n puddles <
Good Luck looking forward to hearing more about your upcoming announcement, we're preparing some good stuff too
I often forget how lucky I am - people's lives' are so messy.
shut that cunts mouth or il come over and fuck start her head.
Heading back to the Fountain Hills Great Fair. Then over to FH Community Theater to see 'Our Town'. Enjoy.
omg i love it how u did that is awesome thank u so much u think about me i love u thank u
The sequel is in production as we speak.
Will be and so looking forward to spending time with you!
Are you listening? Globe is on NPR!
Experienced BRABO Belgian Tasting Room tonight--comfortable setting and a focused menu. Cheers!
Pleasure, thanks for the sxsw recaps!
Made it to the hotel to ring in the new year!
I Need Ta Stop Tearing My Car Up Dis Time It's Costing Me $237
Its a classy sassy place.
Thanks for following me!
I wonder if Santorum includes his proud, communist family in Italy as part of the left wing attacks against him.
morning twitter
Sweet Brooklyn.
#ItMakesMeReallyHappyWhen i make someone's day :)
Thank you very much!
Snow flurries?!?
It all falls down.
you shoulda just came and watched the movie with me last night, i was CLEARLY the third wheel
Knock, Knock, Knocking On Heavens Door!
If we ALL stay inspired for JUSTICE, we ALL will witness the sound of "VICTORY" for Trayvon Martin.
Experience is a grindstone; and it is lucky for us, if we can get brightened by it, and not ground. Josh Billings
Thanks so much for all the info!
can anyone else not think of when seeing jonathan coachmen on ESPN they just think when H shoved him in a stove n you saw his bare ass lol
Ha! The scientific symbol for change...in departure time. *rim shot*
Not what we were looking for but life goes on.
Today, August 7 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" hosted by Priscilla Leona | Carrie Cavalier, Celebrity Photographer | GO: latalkradio.com | Ch.1
Caught up with business now I'm ready to do some shows. If u want me to come to a city near u let me know. Kenny Kapone
Also, let me not forget to touch that headline. Yech. "Are you Mom enough?" It's not a fucking competition, people! Raise your kid.
Reading the book "He's just not that into you" and they forgot one or is he all of them?
#shiftvegas with a supportive fitness community. Thanks to
I can't wait too go to soho , and go to the BBC store to see how there shirts fit -.-
Well for where they're located for me they can get pretty loud
You can judge the quality of man by how he treats those he does not need.
I like their song How It's Always Been. :) They should make music videos of their orig. songs. haha.
Note to self: sprint sets in the pool are hard. Really hard.
This month makes us 8 months<3333
I'm interviewing next week for #flipclass podcast. Hope to discuss explore-flip-apply a lot!
Now I'm feeling nostalgic (aka old) for the early days n Battery Park. sigh.
cmon and , get that dub tomorrow
did you make the ones that told you about? I really want to try them :)
Modern day mullets are as unique as the people who sport them.
why am i even in all this? Its stupid and immature.
windy as crap tonight
I can go to Context because this year it won't be right next to WorldCon, so I'm going to both! September: not so far away.
Climax omw to school...
After breakfast, exhausted cats are carpeting the living room floor.
i cant wait for the #brewers season to start so i can start my season of pestering you about the powder blue unis
SATURDAY: Texas In July w/ Like Moths To Flames, The Air I Breathe, & Hundredth @ The Loft! NEXT WEDNESDAY! Switchfoot @ Majestic! C U THERE
What a trip that was boys
practicing handwriting and calligraphy
when i be throwing it on her shawdy brushin me off. i swear, i kinda feel like she slightly bizarre.
i've wanted babies too.. I just didn't know how badly till last month. Haha
My kids keep filling me in on useless knowledge tonight. I am now well versed in Power Puff Girls and NCAA trivia.
Vote for for Councilor-at-large, Megan Davis for ACRL/DLS Secretary, and Amy Paget for LLAMA/SASS member-at-large.
And this is how we are going to lose a 7 to 1 game.
hahahah really well i believe u x
What is your all-time favorite quote? Like, one that gets you going!!
Three Asians verbally fighting in their native tongue
Want more from your contractor ?Call Mr.D's we do it all. Complete home renovation services.Become a fan on facebook and follow our projects
Did you know that foreclosed homes typically sell for 20% less than traditional homes?
Thx! cc MT we stayed at Hotel Granvia in Kyoto last year. not sure of rates, but accommodations + location = awesome
Take tmrw to reflect on consumption. be more than a consumer. try putting as much back as you take out.
When the Twins get pitching the bats are silent. When the pitching implodes the Twins score runs in bunches, just not enough to win.
why shouldn't I do that?
EVERYONE!!!!!!!! PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
(: love that song !
Is it possible to have more than three hashtags on the Twitter Trends list??
you know it! cop some dope sh*t from
Why did you delete your Instagram!!?!?:(
I can't forget the way you made me feel.
Creating an endless stream of beauty.
If you're in the #ATL and doing anything other than enjoying this weather and lamenting the #Barves, you are wrong.
He's fantastic. A total delight, and the best Bruce Banner ever.
awe sorry
you have a real card coming but I was late mailing them. You get a drawn out Valentine's Day
Can you define "anyone"?
Wanna sing with us? Badu? Elliot? Nina? anything you want, we can learn it
That looks dope!
the UI course teaches Android from what I recall
Although I thought the movie Drive was weird, the 80s style synth pop soundtrack is fun.
a sure 'nuff win
Oh will make you cry tears of joy, too. LOVE.
Herman Cain is not African American; he is Black American. How twisted!?
Hate when you hear a really amazing song and no one in the club can tell you the name of it..Thanks for nothing...AH!!!!!
Travel Channel Plans More Reality-Style Shows
Another brunette dyed her hair blonde then put purple halfway down. How original babe, sweat me some more 😏👌
Watching #buggy races ... Don't you wish you had those?
Just downloaded my whopping 150mb zip file for this week's workshop with
I totally forgot about that , I wanna watch it too! you gotta tell me tommarrow about it
Follow my peeps on instagram he's new to this richyoung42
uh-oh. only 2 followers. :(
preseason, sure but it doesn't count til it counts
Sorry if I pissed you off or upset you.
Thanks! I need to exhibit some self control around the twix!
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." - Dr. Seuss
Feel better Justin and crew <3
Haha. Your sense of humor does not concern me. We all have bad days :) Tomorrow will be better.
Maybe he just saw the pick and than punched the computer screen?
Final day for #froggyidol with
I miss the way we used to be. :(
3 and a half...
Read Print featured on The Kim Komando Show today!
Congratulations ! Keep it up!
I have several professions I have business to refer to: Banking, Architecture, Interior Design, Development and Law (several areas). Conta…
Good Luck!! xoxoxo
Disappointed iTunes Match doesn't work with Smart playlists that reference other playlists.
Wow. Power just went out at Kroger for about 5 seconds. Pitch black.
I look forward to your next radio show, and Nugent's appearance on it
Madonna's chest hair is peeking out if her robe.
Been up early working I'm done for a min now. Now I'm hungry as hell time to eat
Glad you enjoyed Freedom Flight!
you're so lucky! Take care of our Kathryn!
are you working at the sixers game tomorrow through sthm?!?
TRAFFIC: SB I90/EB I39: Semi jackknifed on the right shoulder - Out of Traffic. Police on the scene
so.. isn't the point of spring break to HAVE a BREAK from school? so why do we have homework?!?!
Maybe I'll see u for urs!!! Let me know. I can't believe it! If I could go back to McCord Hall...
Maybe I shouldn't drink, I gotta work tomorrow.....too late anyways
#nccetl darling-Hammond show collaboration impacts student achievement/allow teachers to learn from each other
380 more plants. Omg. I think I can I think I can.......still need another k. Onto spring and summer. Go local...
-7am to 7pm is a regular shift for me, im out to get it!!
AM620WTMJ just played audio of his convo with Barrett. An interview that is likely the coffin nail for Tom's campaign!
Nichole337 from youtube followed me.
I'm from where the fat beats stretch for mad blocks. ~ Butterfly
I know. I'm just a sucker for boy bands.
Pool n stuff.
If given 140 characters, my dog might use them all on "woof", but I do have shepherds.
You sir, are a progressive man. Hope you have some apple stock to go along with all that ;-)
nigga follow me
Time to go study at #Starbucks with amberlee!
thanks bro!!!!
Good Morning from MN!!!
Im going to attack and fat ass tensai with a chair
Thanks for the RT! It is much appreciated!
I'm just awake, lol.
Watching that Bulls game was aggravating!!
We would've came last week too! It was great meeting everyone at the Cranky Camp workshop. And as always, thanks Keith!
#cognitivedissonance RT : Duffy: "There is not a correlation between tax rates and revenues coming in to our federal coffers."
Yes, done with work for the day!
just heard about it, would love to.
Tip: if running a marathon, pace yourself. You'll be more successful if you speed up toward the end of the race instead of the beginning.
This interview was, although the interviewer is a trained oral historian.
I WANT ONE! bring one back for me!!!
should of had it last night
what does it say about Aries?
No car, No lease, No insurance, some student loans & a phone bill. I'm gonna live in one of those men's hotels when I'm retired.
Contrast laces need to be added to your shoe collection ASAP
Roses are red I have a phone no one ever texts me Forever alone Haha <3
It's not about where you have been, its about where your going
Fraud/FCPA quote of the day! "Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud." Sophocles
Being a bitch to someone else. #WillGetYouHurt in the end. Karmas after your asses.
"poof - gone" literally LOL! i dont have a filter either!
I followed! :)
Downloaded Arkanoid for the iPhone. Awesome!!! Plan to challenge next time we're together like old times!!!
My life sucks
I live in Round Rock and my girlfriend lives off of Slaughter. Reason #2,358 why living in Round Rock was a bad idea.
yea you better say that!!
our tweets or a mirror. One or the other
since top managers & administrators own systems, change must begin W them in order 2 effectively change outcome
So, now Brandon Inge is the modern era Ty Cobb?
I spy with my little eye ... A THIRSTY ASS BITCHH!! 😂😂
M....flaky layer biscuits are yummy....worked hard on dinner tonight & of course my daughter's favorite part was biscuits from the tube!
Who do you think should get a hologram tour?
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: Conditional deletions of MeCP2 can be exploited to map neural origin of complex behaviors & neuropsych symptoms.
Stuffy noses<<
For university departments the important concept is to join conversations where possible.
Impressive and shocking. RT youre weird brady. hows that for response time.
isnt an iconic boy anymore so he doesn't have to delete he's account
picked out my future house
what did she tweet him?
hahah I'll just have to learn which ones are good for checking out, but I promise it won't happen again!
Watching 🎥dolphin 🐬tale w/my bay bays.
I'm responsible for what I say not for what you understand
RT Come to library @ 1pm today & check out David DeVries & Tom Key speak about Mark Rothko & perform from RED
why do you have to be so flawless?
"I would do dirty things for a new car, like kiss my best friend on the lips...." Said by my brother.. totally saw this coming .
My mom loved what I gave her <3 ilove my mon ^.^
Ottawa is definitely a tough team and going to their home field is gonna be tough for you guys
Is that a serious question? There are so many...
later idk yet
LOL Fam I wish I was on tour Doc you the one killing all the Gigs Doc lol
Physically, I'm checked in at Capital Brewery. Mentally, I remain checked into my bed.
Trust me I know! I think I live with Mrs. Claus with all of the cookies around here.
I can work wit a woman about what she brings 2 the table...as long as she leaves her X n their issues @ the door..!
& if they are they are ONLY my friends idgaf if they text me say boo bby boothang non of tht it don't faz me cauae I gt a woman
so many 1D trends
Okay, I guess I'm not going to my game today.... Considering I should be there now....
Florida Panthers 1999-2000 playoff team: Where are they now? - Miami Herald Found on Bing
I'm trying...
Watching glee off DVR... but I have to say, this is the best episode in a while.
Never drive in that mess! Give my best to my fave PG. ;)
aww. I love all history.
The expectations of life depend upon diligence; the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools,
I've been following you since you made the video on YouTube about it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Follow me maybe :)
Jorts are a great way to let people know that you are not getting laid
Those Locker room (in the gym) convos that you sit there like "wtf was I saying?"
After 's recent tweet, I've been wondering if flying monkeys will show up in the Emerald City during MLA '12.
#258 you where on of my first followers, ur icon is pretty! and ur BG is hot :P
Early morning at the hair store, I always spend $50+ when I go smh..BUT I have 2 invest
I feel like such a cool cat playing online bingo.
i am so freaked out. what is mister ed.
My jam
Wilson was recently moved to the bullpen so that could be a hit it's coming. Barnes is in his first full year as a pro so no way.
Stop and smell the baseball.
Getting ready for the weekend after a busy week of marketing and PR.
So tell me, who is just loves my new pic? I'm on the right on left
Maybe "cheaper than cigarettes" isn't the best way to market my fiction....
Thank you for RT! Glad you enjoy 'em. I love: "Values lie at the very heart of all we do." so true. You said it perfectly!
and why not?
I belong to no organized party. I am a Democrat.
He wears shorts and socks? Aww. Haha. What's his name?
i just saw other one of your vids and i wld like to say thank you boo boo #inmykevinheartvoice ;) nice
the new ways of thinking that have been enabled through strategies of digital humanities have to be out front
Deifnitely interested. Ping andrew [at] simplegeo [dot] com /cc
Weed, hookah and beer are all waiting for me to come home... the holy trinity is complete!
The smallest things matter the most...
Excited for 's V-day PJ party @ with Will she wear pajamas??
Can't wait to get me apt next month
They are SO kind!
Ha! RT "It's published, therefore it's out of date." on possible discrepancies in tech stack chart.
flying back home to Anchorage, Alaska from Ontario, Ca- I enjoyed my little vacation...
has met with so many cool #Boston Businesses! Interviews all next week! #Walmart THX for the pay per Tweet :)
imma just sit back n let my baby get me 900 tweets or more..
Parasites: Where they are and what you need to know to protect you and your pets on this Science Cafe edition of The Sound of Ideas.
Nothing quite like seeing Natasha Tretheway sing Foster the People's "Pumped Up Kicks."
Saw the J Pinder mural at Easy Street. Way dope.
Uh oh! What kind of animal is it? RT : The animal I was pet sitting died :-/
It's funny how I'm sick during summer time..
I saw it.. They should rename it.. "Pooper 8"
my mom died 2 weeks ago.....just wanted to wish you a happ mothers day.
Enjoying the sweet taste of successfully wrapping up my first full-fledged PR plan. Now if only I could add in the sweet taste of champagne.
Maybe Microsoft tricked him with one of those "haha you're actually using Vista!" things.
at 6:13 on NW Sports Tonight talking SpringFB, Saints, Arkansas and new coaches
Dont listen to the lies swear they're all lies u kno I could b ur night in shinning armor or Ties
testing out my twitter to facebook connectivity. am i smart enough to do it?
please be me
nothin much, wats good with u
@ #kidscreen - importance of "why"? Martin Luther King gave the "I have a dream" speech, not the "I have a plan" speech.
Just discovered torrents on my android. Let's see how many ways I can break copyright infringement laws ... kiss my butt
preach! we're in it for the long haul...
NOBODY has more of your videos than me!!! I have thousands still in the box!
San Diego here we come
If u really want 2 close achievement gap & get more bks into hands of Newark youth, plz stop defunding libraries!
Thank you so much for your support
Oh my! I'm blushing! I have to tell you, of course! And you don't need the points. Brownie or otherwise ;-p
Its too early! Ugh Volleyball
you're so Euro now.
Loiter Squad :D
shout it on a rooftop
gotta do what ya gotta doo
where are you? 😔
1780 Taking Book for Boston. Not a well paying job since he's not taxed on real estate. 2 guys listed with it.
Its 2 in the morning and i have to be up for school in 3 hours.Ugh kill me now.
it was hard as crap!! I failed by like.. 6 questions each time lol. His exam is 6 pages..
Sexy Lingerie Dance Club Style Party on July 23th at SwingFest 2010! What could be more erotic, then a lingerie party in Orlando, Florida?
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way. - Babe Ruth
Yeah, I've got enough saved up for at least another month, but I plan on getting a job before then. Alright, I got it.
Lost my Pastor Bishop Thoroughgood last Sunday headed to the Funeral
The enemy know your weak spot. Do you know his. Praise defeats the enemy.
After #reasonrally I want to join at least one #atheist organization. It's so hard to choose! How do people pick what church to attend!?
That's what I call a BIG ONE!!!!!
Are you sure that's not about the Sasquatch who defies all odds to follow his dream of making ceramics
Got to work this morning and had a plant and very cool card celebrating my 1 yr anniversary. What a great way to start the day!
I have yet to receive anything from her. I need to hear from her soon if I'm to help. Tell her to fb, tweet, or call.
Oh, great. That means three and half years from now Allen West will be co-hosting the Today Show.
not sure to be honest ://
Nothing like curling up with a good book :)
Joe Johnson or J. Harden? Why? Respond with
LOL. I'm defending a position I only sort of hold...so...
So proud of for being drafted by the in the futures draft.
Ewwww lmao he has the horrific hair and everything?
The Network really likes you, too.
my mouth is watering
People who haven't watched him play everyday typically don't appreciate the player he really is.
Don't get in a hurry and leave your suds in the bucket !!!!!!!!
That interception may have just changed the game. Time for the Ravens offense to open up now.
Follow us on Facebook too at www.Facebook.com/SanSuKoreanBBQ
Oops! :S I thought everybody knew that! :$
Neck kissing, Cuddling, lip biting, grabbing. <3
My notebook is her mother. My ryhmes is our children. My album is her father. My flow keeps her going. Grammy is grandpappy. My mic is lady.
Roman and one. We needed that.
we recommend that you expedite the processing of your passport today. Good luck and let us know if you need help!
Apparently Catie has lost her smile. Frantically trying to find it.
oh I'm in a great little old mood :)
Sorry, just finally got to hotel & Internet. We couldn't get into U. Station--ppl said it was full up. Group split up to eat.
guys just want to thank you so very much for being a positive voice in the music industry! Your songs are spot on! Great work!
so is all of Packernation
is it weird that I'm considering going to Walgreens on my break to buy some? Because I'm super close to doing that.
Calling all bloggers: DM if u want to meet up for #BlogHer11 drinks from 4-7 @ Marriott downtown tonight courtesy of !
A big, warm thank you to meeting yesterday w/ 6 stdnts on the YES-Afghanistan Program! They are so inspired by your service.
2 hours until game time and I've already seen 3 little asian kids wearing Jeremy Lin jerseys. #LINSANITY is in full effect.
prayers for a safe a restful flight home!
THE CATCHER JUST FUCKING STOMPED ON OUR RUNNER. WHAT THE HELL. WAY TO KNOCK HIM UNCONSCIOUS... #heated 😡😡😡😡👊
"I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easy, and care too much"
Where is Norman?!?
I had a great Thanksgiving weekend. The combination of amazing food, visiting with friends and relatives and football are hard to beat.
Trade a Steve for a Bob Castaneda? That still would leave half of a council seat empty!
Missing my
thanks. smashing weekend.
#springawakening at San Jose was amazing today! My 2 other friends enjoyed it and I noticed several things I haven't when they were in SF!
Woah snow! We're buried in it. Anyone else out there getting snowed in? If so take a look at our facebook page to see our new video update!
is going to see Summer Hours then back to work.
good luck, hope you did well (: x
fire hates the fire
2 tickets for the Summer Solstice Beer Lovers festival up for grabs! RT and 1 lucky follower will win!
That's actually on my list so I'm thankful for the confirmation.
I like my kush dry like a fish wit no water
This frontal lobe cyst on my brain KILLS me sometimes... ER
thank you!
My stomach is killing me. Fuck tonight
sounds like fun I am developing a class on insect vectored plant pathogens, if you find something new let me know!
More like the refs are the robbed the poor nuggets... AGAIN!
aw thanks Mary!! I know, this cracked me up!
Dreams & Goals Aren't Gonna Make Themselves Happen..It Takes YOU And Lots Of Hard Work 2 See That They Happen..
There's still time to send us your company's deal to be featured in tmrw's "Deals and Steals" list. Email .
ofcourse, I look forward to your tweets!
Get a comfortable and warm home with us! We provide the most innovative heating systems! Let us be your HVAC company.
You'll do fine! Just dont start trembling like you always do (; RT : Just got word I'm tomorrow nights MC... Lovely.
Aww thanks, been busy. :)
Car VS Turkey on the 394. In all my life living up north I have never saw a wild turkey! Are they fairly common now?
Good morning!
What is all that goddamn annoying background noise? #USA Fans? #Eng Fans? Band? Stop please.
I skill that comes to men when their kids start wanting to campout.
you do the SAME thing
LOL MWP: how often do you get all the ppl screaming at YOU w/ Kobe and Durant in the building... #AnyAttentionIsGoodPressRight?
Yeah buddy!!!
that's sucks u would make bank with me
#dtc354 story, clues and locations are just about all wrapped up. having issues with gps and caching but should have it all debugged soon!
Today was awesome thanks to #oomf :)
Lipstick lullabies.
Well, sure. We're all just secretly Glamazons aiming to enslave your children into buying more fashionable clothing.
- Thank you so much!
Sports do not build character. They reveal it - John Wooden
I <3 the new maxis at !
Most Mexicans don't celebrate Cinco de mayo. But in true American fashion, we just don't give a damn.
Hi Kiosha:) honored to be with this group. You're not far from me at all. About an hour away!
Focus on calories. If you think a 300 cal meal has 650 cal, you'll dial down eating.
It's okay I did too ^.^ lol
The metrics group wanted to be provocative and bold in generating new metrics #scholarlyattrib #altmetrics =>Let's hear it!
Listening to music. and i just tweeted madison, telling i hope he feels bettere
I AM DEAD.
i keep losing followers. :(.
wants everyone to have a happy National Teacher's Week. So do it!
All it really means in the end is that you can't run 7k in mixed consists.
can't wait to see 's wedding. My english teacher said her family went bhahaha
Every day during January, get our: Sandeman Tawny Porto & Almond Flan as a dessert combo for $7.50 Buen Provecho, #Albuquerque!
thanks mann! u too!
Follow you now :)
My popcorn is dry af without Valentina :/
I know Im late but a lotta shit happen ova there. Wea you be at?
Tonight Don't Forget About The Only Salsa Class For Chicas at Just Dance Studio. Its Ladies Styling! All Walk-Ins Welcome!
We need to implement such a plan for all INTA riders in 2012. Solid idea.
Haha. I will say tongue is great when cooked out of sight and put in tacos for me.
UK govt expands film tax credits to include games- tv -animation | FILMBUDGET .COM | Get your investor a 1st class movie budget
At Chik-Fil-A... Has Christian music really changed that much in the past 20 years? So much for the "new CCM" sound... 1-4-5 U2 wannabes.
“: Thank you, Modern Medicine. Signed, My Back.” share the love
thank you so much. I appriciate it <3
Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us Eph 3:20
Hamels will get suspended for throwing at 19-year-old Harper. He's lucky Harper wasn't 2 years younger. Stiff penalties for child abuse.
Are you Indian? Because I'm kinda india ;)
This is a game,may the best team win
Man City might lose!!!!!
I really thought Foo Fighters would win! Adele losing it now.
hahah ya right
Hello John. You are the first UTD School of Management prof or UTD MBA grad to respond to my request to hear from same.
well gonna go search for a movie to watch! night :)
might be interesting to integrate Moments of Truth idea (Carlson,1987) into Journey Model re:experience measures
How can I not have any nutmeg in this house? #cookingproblems #food >:b
rocked a jean jacket today. feel pretty good about it.
as far as a relationship
Interesting. With #SITweetups, I feel we could do more for those not attending to feel a part of it in real-time.
Chris Young is awesome and has awesome sweat pits. Happens to the best of us!
Learn how to remove 10yrs, 20yrs, even 40 years of Plaque and Calcium Deposits from the heart & major arteries throughout the body
We sent out our save the dates via email, saved paper AND postage money!
are you in dc...
Hello, good morning. Nicki's part. I can rap it FAST. (:
Had a wonderful early morning reading at King's Cross since NOTHING ELSE is open at 6:30am.
: John Underwood's response to Fish: DH is not next big thing in lit b/c not only in lit studies.
We need to see each others suffering as our own-
what's up Kat?
Subscribe to our blog on google reader!
wo im so sick of the rap/r&b world......pop/rock here i come!
I love Zumba! so much fun.
"what is the cutest whale?"
Do what you want to do, not what others think you should do
Attempting to bake a Chicago deep dish pizza - gluten free...
that would have been IMD213 or IMD223 for #AILV webdev students (I knew ya'll were snoozing)
School Daze!!!!! Thas my movie!!
Come home to a soundcard that has officially shit the bed....makes for a great computing experience.....
MT : Job fair today at Grand Sierra Resort: NV Job Connect (500 jobs); State of Nevada (200), Amazon (300), resort casinos & more
I love the apps in folders too. (Altho, they're not pretty.) If you're like me, it means there is now room for more apps again.
you to hun..u need to call me some times..
Should be an awesome morning! RT : We are headed to #raceforhope in DC this morning. Will you be there?
“: #okcthunder Charles Barkley: "OKC is going to win it. It's just a matter of (whether) it's four games or five games."” duh
You guys are fast!
The Black Mamba looked 23-esk last night. Then... On the "Kobe Nowitzki shot" comment "I made his shot better..."
If Sanchez has 4 average games and is 2-2, do Jets brass give ESPN a gold mine and start Tebow vs Texans?
Thanks very much! I'm sorry we didn't get a chance to catch up more at The Parlour. Here's hoping we cross paths again soon!
egg head
Obama comes out for #equality SO EXCITING!
": FUCK YOU IN DA GAME FO?" bitch we up 3 zip and its game 4
Hey there...just following up on this in regards to our Business Summit on campus...thanks! :)
I think something has to be done about these radar-indicated tornado warnings. Many false alarms this time of year.
Charlie Sheen Replaces Jennifer Lopez as Face of Fiat USA, let's hope he doesn't have a fiat breakdown to match his twitter antics
so my driving wasn't great lmao. . Riding dirty.
you be rocking brother much love.
+1 RT : Hey, PR folks. If subject line of your email is "FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE," it gets "DELETED IMMEDIATELY."
I'm listening "Relentless Chaos" by
#First20SongsOnShuffle 8) She Sings In the Morning - Pierce the veil.
well hello there tweeter!
I feel like crap...sniffle*sniffle...tea, sleep, hopefully...
Dang RT : Update: Bulls confirm Derrick Rose has a torn ACL and is out for the playoff - NBC Sports
Paris has tied the ballgame at 4 in the top of the 9th thanks to a throwing error. Go ahead run at 3rd with 1 out
well hello there ;) HAHA
Ip man, ip man 2 go hard
That friend that gets the joke 5 minutes after it was told.
I think I will throw in a microfiber dice bag when I send your review copy. :)
I don't feel good .. goodnight. 😞
Finished a new handbell piece over the weekend, rather subdued and meditative.
#InMiddleSchool i got blamed for pulling the fire alarm.. lol
Fuck, that brownie gave me a headache.
Lolz y'all are crazii but yea rip puff daddy
I feel so run down.
2 more days till freedom. 💜
Thank you for the #FF!
I'll keep an eye out. I know all the good places.
For every dollar spent on an item labeled "Made in China," about 55 cents go to services produced in the United States.
Thanks for the following
I just did push-ups ew
Safe Sex Is Great Sex ,Better Wear A Latex
Really excited for things to come! Coaches, get your athletic directors to contact us now! Chance to make $$ for your program!
its been god
You got a someone or you do your own?
WATCHING KEEPERS CREEPERS 2
Getting all packed for in the morning :) long day of traveling tomorrow but at least I'll look fabulous :)
#GEICOCupCrazy Parise!! Cause of his work efforts on the forechecking!! That shows a lot of leadership!
I come home from school & Frank Jr's eye is purple, I asked what happened & he told me he got into a fight, & is suspended for 2 days. 0_o
Boise-bound!
Guess who is seeing their best friend tonight for the first time in 9months!?! ME<3
I'm gonna be doing some random tweets.. RT tweet them if you want, yah know- just for the heck of it!! :)
Kogi truck. Yum.
#np - T Mills
There was a place in Owings Mills called Mr. Chelsea's had an awesome NC sauce. Tasted like sweet&sour. changed hands tho
Yeah, but over the year, you get 30 Bruce shows within a 100 mile radius - so you have that going for you.
Did you leave facebook? You're still on my friends list, but your name has become unclickable. Hope you're well!
lol , ohh . . right . ima text you later . im bout to hit this shower shortly .
be faking
Looks good either way. You doing okay?
Was it real, or a love scene from a bad dream? I don't think I can forget about it.
Calmness is the cradle of power – Josiah Gilbert Holland
awesome FF but you accidentally included nakia, nate, and alex. ^_~
Glad to hear that u stuck to ur guns during the super bowl & good job on your 1.4 lose! :) Keep it up!
Tire the zombies out for me, please.
God is able to do anything even the unimaginable! WE close off our minds to what he is capable of!
Lalalalove this weather:)
hey , if you see anyone in a Backstrom sweater, pls cross check them in the face! Thanx!
follow back...
how's Lebanon ? When are you coming back to US ?
aspiring models 4 work send us an email for further info
so..... Still in the basement huh?
are they still using a logo that looks like a coin
“: Emo haircuts might give you lazy eye, not that it matters. Nothing matters anymore”. Lol
Thats great to hear, we're glad you enjoyed it!
Happy Birthday ! Make it a great day my friend. ;-}
you could travel the worldd, but nothing comes close to the golden cooassst (:
and very blessed to have u :D u have done so much for people! God has done great things through u and will do many more :)
don't! I like that show too. Looking forward to watching on
That's hot.
Hold on to your seats and yarmulkes!On 9/20 Palestinian Auths.plan to unilaterally declare statehd.and go to the U.Nations for recog.Shalom!
Don't fret! I think it actually looks good! I will miss the long locks though :[
What if there were no questions about Alanis Morissette, Bryan Adams or Barenaked Ladies? Would you still be as confident?
Gotta Love Google Tricks!!!
This is where we enter the walls; validating the alternative.
HAHAHA TeCHnically its not a not red bull cola when the difference isn't what it is.
u in the game like e a nigga!!!
Dear, I love you very much. <3
well its friday the beginning of the weekend well technically in a way lol.. On the daily grind for now then off to Reign tonight for littl…
Brown bear is my all-time fave! I have the old 1 with the brown silk pattern lining and its my go-to! This is a great price!
Its time to prep for a weekend of farmers markets!!! Serving the #food of #champions!!! Stay #healthy everyone and #EAT #FISH!!!!
Our apologies to whomever fell victim to the 10 p.m. FaceTimes. Xo, and myself
The Congress Theater security staff are the biggest thugs. They do not work with anyone, please don't waste your time.
The bf is pissy, which is bad, but he is the only person I have to talk to so it looks like silence tonight.. :(
If corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil come from?
Monday, Senior Citizens and Veterans get free admission on behalf of the County Commissioners!
Well you do have 2 kids.
Can anyone tell me what the D8 means in the twit name of some of this years #sytycd contestants?
Natural Caramel Balls!! all natural date balls!! #date ball recipe #summer #hawaii #healthy snack #kids snack
Morning Rob
it makes perfect sense. I actually do not know what there is to like about lebron james. There is nothing to like about him.
"Flexibility is tossed around as a solution by those who wish to avoid accountability...we cannot tun back the clock." -Rep. Miller
Touch screens be gettin on my nerves, clickin on sh*t I don't even be hittin -____-
Last minute pageant prep! Getting things done!!!! :-)
Would you rather be right or happy?
Facebook makes $38 per share. o____________O
Home with a semi-sick Doo. So much for grocery shopping LOL.
happy graduation, my friend.
hey how did you guys do at nationals??
you're welcome :{D
,like to talk to you Pastor Tim,.I will call the church next week for an appointment ,it will b short,thank you .Lorraine Alesia
Going to watch My Fair Lady, ethelyn r u ready?
I didn't see nearly enough "Tigers are amazing" columns online for my liking today.
wanted to take a moment to tweet a quick hello to you. Hope all is well!!
Are you fucking kidding me... Now I have to come back next fucking weekend for this shit? I fucking hate this school, I wanna transfer!
#sportsbiz meetings today at ESPN Wide World of Sports complex. Look forward to the tour!
I have found golf clubs (specifically putters) to be very helpful in these situations (R.I.P., my first NES)
Annette Lareau's class & childrearing articles is 1 of my very fave soc articles--great combo of solid methods and engaging writing.
Party is on tonight! About to get faded with my nigggggas! ;)
Bro. I'm boutta smash on some food.
I appreciate you for liking my gift of gab, I'm not a #MLM guy, try someone else who thinks you can get something for nothing....
Still competition baby xD
About to break out the fungo for the first time this season
If a bra is called an 'over the shoulder bolder holder', then what would you call mens underwear? Under the butt nut hut?
the girls are good! Our party was a hit. They were so happy :)
I have gained that much more respect for you tonight Mr. King re: Nugent. I owe you a cold one if I ever see u in Milwaukee.
Progressive dinner. Three courses, three homes. Cool stuff.
RT : So great to see some of my favorite Chicago peeps today: //:: so great to see u guys too
next season of #madmen starts on march 25
lol!! I know buddy, it's freaking frustrating...
yo me and my boy arguing what percentage of girls go to the club for dudes im thinking like 2%
Listening to this all week! Chat soon? Monday launches our biggest campaign yet, love for you to be involved!
The main people claimin not to be messy, ARE the messiest hoes!
Why is the beef different again? Ugh. Want the braised beef back, please!
Travel Deal: Detroit to Bermuda, $168 on JetBlue..non-stop & that includes taxes! Worth the drive to Detroit.
So shower flow
Please don't. I'm am right next to the stage.
#3wordsforyou get a life.
Thank you, yes we were - problem now fixed.
Puurrrrfect. "That's what she-cat said!"
mil gracias to Billy 4 helping raise over $20k for #multilingual #chicago public
Clear your mind. Go to your home page. Is there a primary call to action? Is it what you want it to be? If not, why not?
Just downloaded a free track for a tweet from
It's very exciting!!
I called u back
Well... I did predict Caps in 7... whatever...
Out way too late with and and MANY others.
I hear ya...n I'm working on retro Nina when I was all boobs n no gut...
An organization's ability to learn, and convert that learning into action swiftly, is the ultimate competitive edge.
Brand New Featuring "Such A Long Time" Produced By on www.NewMixtapePromo.com Please RT
": How in the world did Andy Dalton make the probowl and didn't?" It's complete bullshit
are they online yet? | MT : Interesting screenings at the #APHA11 film festival
New slogan for #Delta "We love to fly, for you it blows". Just beat American for crappy customer service.
hahahaha your soul is not blackened you're such a softie you just pretend you aren't. I know the truth though.
smh near death and your worried about your car smh you can replace a car but you cant replace your life....thank god for keeping her safe
My mom is the nicest lady I know
Hey Follow Me Here :)
Looking to connect with ethnomusicologists for our project on urban street music in E Africa.
hahahaha I cannot wait to hear about it!! Btw I'm proud of both of us for getting straight As!!
It's been a long day and I'm tired as all get out but oh shit i am excited to see tonight!
thx 4 da shoutout but he let me extend the bet till the end of today cuz he doesnt think i can do it lol :D
Well This “Anger Management Group” Is Really Different . You Sit There And A Group Of School Girls Taunt You.
Love getting my hair done 💇💆
Size 7 is a standard size so that does make sense :) If you win & the ring doesn't fit we can help you get a bigger/smaller one
Pray I'm back now. Studying was easier than I thought
What is everyone doing this long weekend?
Hey Justin!!
That awkward moment when Rihanna is looking at Chris Brown now as he says hi to her.
did you do what I told you?
Today's Sandwich: BBQ pulled pork on a Kaiser roll with a side of coleslaw and a bag of chips......$6.95
It's nice to see the kids in the back of the room stand and support their teammates when they win, even if the parents don't.
The Chevy Cruze guy wouldn't be so stressed if he had planned his marriage proposal a little better.
I skimmed that previously, but now that you mention it, the title is a little weird in comparison to the article itself.
Some of my friends trying 2 talk me into smoking.. Im like fuck no it's not worth my money honey lol
Pinkberry at the office just turned my day around! Love fun surprises!
my shoulder is so tight that it is pulling my chest.. that means it is so hurty that it hurts to breathe
RT : I'm still shocked at Saban voting Okl St #4. His reputation has been cheapened by his attempt to manipulate the system.
what the hell does marriage have to do with the economy?
Everything is perfect right now. Thank you rain storms
Met a fella who's gravely concerned about stereotypes in entertainment - but not at all concerned about BitTorrenting movies and TV shows.
No weekends off. Still grinding on this film right now. #gotigers #golions though.
Sorry...just drooling over your default pic, love me some books :) They are my life.
Waking up and not being able to go to the pool with and <<< 😢💔
LOL, only a seamstress will decode that
#thirstythirsday..speaks are on and poppin as this generation says..though "poppin" in my day usually went rat-a-tat-tat from a "typewriter"
I guess but I don't see it..Her nicknames Bambi so Tyler's like :O Stripper name!!!
And here's me, whispering again and again and again, I love you.
Angels we have heard on paille. RT : sweets for my sweetie arrives! Hark the herald Angel Paille.
2 #maddenbowl tickets to first person that takes a screen of the Madden Dev team in Madden12. Must also be a follower.
Simplicity is the key to brilliance. -Bruce Lee
Thanks! RT : Volunteered at last with co-workers, it was a GREAT time! Repackaged 8500 lbs. of frozen foods!
Whatever you compare yourself to is what will influence you - Pastor Jim Boggess
Today is going to be a long day.
hey stay dry tonight.
Charlotte ain't far from Mayberry, so we hope you'll make it to the DNC. May be a movie in there somewhere!
Good view of one red zone..
Just walked back from Coffee Culture with a nice hot latte (thanks, Mom, for the CC bucks!)
haha thanks :) I've been outta the loop.. I knew yesterday was sketchy but wasn't sure if it was safe yet :)
"Writing is more enjoyable than enjoying a basket of... and beans; more enjoyable than a mother's giving birth." Can't really argue w that.
Kush got my eyes low like Mr. Miagi
Guess i shld wash my hair dis shit a tad bit nappy
Thank you all for coming out and supporting or performing in the first ever Sideshowcase! We can't wait to see what next month will bring!
love that song rhodes, been stuck in my head 8 days and still going
no problem!
should be around 5:30-ish. I'm on a 4 hour walk of our properties-- Blah!
"I ain't got no other partners in the 8--1-8."
top secret, but still...
“: It's a thin line between Gassin, Dick Ridin & Supporting”niggas always seem to get them confused
some bring me a brownie earthquake from dairy queen please! or an ice cream cake! that'll be awesome :D
Happy Easter!
is sent home? ugh.all the good people are leaving. ♥
lots and LOTS of action... but very little blood, language, or sexuality. but LOTS of action.
remember me ?(: hopefully youu do.
Game of thrones is like Harry potter for adults! that was an awesome episode
Back-to-back spam e-mails: First tells me "You Look Gorgeous". Next one asks "What do you Look Like?". Way to ruin the compliment.
I support President Obama 100% on gay marriage.
I wish a had Chemical X :)
Jimmy Strong (TshirtJimmy) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
i like those jeans!...
WHERE DO THESE WASHINGTON ICONiacz KEEP COMING FROM? THEY'RE LIKE MAGICALLY APPEARING. OMG
your Beautiful <3
On my way to Grand Rapiids for show tonight.
Crazy busy! But I'm finally getting a little breather too. So nice.... Have a great day!
He was trending for a reason my friend LMAO
so lets spread the knowledge and get them involved!
RNG just blew me away
ran into ben stiller... acted v silly.
okay new cover up in about an hour... Ed Sheeran. :)
haha yea sure why not :P lol
Going driving for the first time !!!!
If you don't mind me asking what is EGO's? Also can I friend you on Facebook?
Big thanks to for the trophy! To this day I have yet to hear of any peace treaty between Mirrors & Photographs. Thanks again
Dug out the flower beds that haven't been cared for in years. Can't wait for a beer, but as soon as one goes down, I know work will stop.
I look out the door and I see a kid being rolled out in a hospital bed by 2 cops. The fuck?!
condolences to U and URs #blackhawks #chicago RT : Can't win the Cup every year.
The online dasboard gives U VERYdetailed info, reports,trending, personal feedback based on UR data etc etc
Ikr guys never win in relationships
“: made some really good points on jaspers show last nite.” TY sis
Good Morning.... Happy Monday
Redeemed Girls, remember to lift high the name of Jesus! "when I am lifted up from the earth, I will draw everyone to myself." John 12:32
Visited Las Vegas last weekend. What a cesspool! I can't get the smell of bad breath B.O. and cheap perfume off myself. And cigarettes. WTF?
Re: your message, I saw that – and pointed it out to her in a tweet, as did you. Nice work.
Watching Juno on a rainy day makes me happy(:
I was just walking out of Goodies and these ladies Was bumping that SmallTown shit i had to stop and ask them what y'all know about that
Technical difficulties hold on ppl new song is coming!!!!!
At least its the last day before break
Its gotta be Lyle. Frustrating to watch sometimes but makes some plays that very few others could ever make.
hi Sajjad!!! I'm glad ur feeling better. Lots of luv!!! <3
C'mon Barstow, ship some tacos our way. It is
centerpiece auction at CCS_SD.
Well today sucks! don´t know what to do...
this game is totally ridiculous RT Both these teams look pathetic - is this a Friday Night HS game or MNF?!!!!
SMH. Last minute packing isn't me!
Jacksonville, Brunswick FL Call Center Jobs: New Dealer Support ...
RT RT RT": she ignores all the other guys who want her, because she's too busy noticing the 1 she wants."
I think I lost control when I seen my Mother cry I think I lost my soul when I seen my Brother Die
Unfortunately we ran into some technical difficulties, so we must cancel tonight's show. Tune in next week to hear all the latest from CES!
what did you do in nyc
I'll be all good. the person I was with decided to hide who he was for a long time.
Come on 4pm hurry up :)
lol well I'm glad that I'm not old then
These diverse backgrounds translate into some of the best video games on the market
Are there any working examples for the Views book. The code samples are disorganized and non functional or am I missing something?
sorry for the late reply! I saw the videos! I liked them, but what's with the tea video? lol
Bike to work week--hello, fellow cyclists!
#ReasonsWeDntTalkNoMore Because You Tried To Change Me From Your Lover To Your Bank Account...
My waves is on #spin >>>
Expansion time!!
She said your lucky I don't got one I don't care ill still tweet about you
” #happiness is a risk... If you're not a little scares, then you're not doing it right”
better question, who will have more after 4 years, them or Houston Mercelis..
#VonChurch needs Graphics Programmers, Java Engineers, Flex Developers, and Tools Programmers for the west coast.
NFL football- Go Eagles!!!!!
Fire? We saw Cal Fire planes and trucks hiking in Ramona this morning, coming out of movie in Carmel Mtn now smell smoke / hazy sky??
Lol just saw a hobo working out on the side of the road!
Lo siento, I have no sense of time. So, what were your Disney movies?
everyone is HACKING me!!!
The #Spartacusworkout kicked my ass!
cancer journal
The technology is consumer empowerment on steroids
Of course, I would not write such a slur.
Ugh. I need some advice
Who are these people?!! Oh wait, did NKOTB just tour with the Backstreet Boys? I think I might know who they are... :)
dude holy shit. I do not remember listening to chumbawumba. We listened to chumbawumba?
Love the bills pick of Gilmore
can really see that their culture is all about partying and drinking O__O.
pls send a few ideas re Chinese nutrition to Thanks!
Poor Phillies fan is asleep on the train.
proud of <3
Follow our friends they help protect your pet incase they ever go missing!
Holy schnikes, it's raining out... A lot!
“: Bad Bitch With A Smart Mouth >>>>>” THAT'S ME ALL THE WAY
About a year and a half now, I think. I plan to post older stuff there too.
DPW 2 OBSERVE MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. DAY,1- 16 Sanitation, parking enforcement services will be suspended. All services resume 1-17
I had to get you back for your hellacious screening tactics
Why does the dentist ask you questions while they have their fingers in my mouth? Stupid.
At red lobster grubbing been a great day
chris brown is not coming even close to singing this live
it's the Gardena way to say hoodrat lol
I want Hardee's!
Everyone go follow me and my bestfriend we are making videos and putting them on our youtube page so check us out
Some guys on here are so mean and they don't care if a person is tired or not!;(
Happy new years eve ppl
Sorry about that. The Grand Reading Room is usually the quietest spot - but was very full during finals week.
we have to hang out in boston!!! :)
I wish I could be in a Bollywood movie
Relationships should be more than just physical stuff.
:-( Sigh! Mama state... "we are here for your safety/protection".
miss u to just out here making mo ey saving up for the new years
