hhey Ron rock on! having a big moon party 2nite drinking blue moon look at the moon Ron its good luck!
Let's go Ducks!
Looking for pet-friendly cabin or lake house rental in #FingerLakes area this summer. Any suggestions?
+1 RT : T3 To clarify, were talking about moral obligation, not legal/economic obligation, right? Big difference
2012 should be the year all investors should start asking their financial advisors where specifically their money goes. Follow me 2 learn.
Thieves steal cords from #St. Paul light display. Find out how charities could suffer at 9:55 on
The young dont know enough to be prudent, and therefore they attempt the impossible -- and achieve it, generation after generation
RT “It is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection."
Going to the park with my mom and sister :)
I want to play handball like we did when we were kids
Remember when you used to laugh at people that tweeted "I'm just sitting on my patio". Now, I'm holding a protest at....Geez! :)
Have they received it "officially" OTA or rooted and installed it?
did i win its the islanders
Hearing updates about identity projects VIVO and ORCID at
How's it going, Splashy?
29% of battery
had so much fun last week at the shoot ;) glad to see u again
#GBIF_PID Not streaming anymore?
I lovveeeey you alot. i know u get that alot but youre the sunshine in my day.
Pauly D will be on the air with us in just a few. PXY is bringing him to #ROC Mon (6-28) on Lawrence Street at East Ave starting at 7pm!
I always do dat then feel sum type of way after😠😠😠
"To die by your side is such a heavenly way to die."
Well son of a gun.
yes, she moved in a few weeks ago. We need to go out again soon!
are you gout I bdubs with ileana tonight?
idk bout that dude meehhhbee it was just lorena herself or maybe itzel...... our friend i think she has ur number from texts
Sometimes telling the truth pisses people off, which is part of what makes the truth valuable.
Oh thanks.
best living poet appearing Austin Texas Barnes & Noble on Brodie Lane in Sunset Valley area Aug. 22, 4 pm. In New York I'm booking flight
Jack sorry all we need is a killer guitarist to learn yours & my songs- hear anything-maybe can pull off still
starting the week with a head cold..not good!! I already have enough going on in my head...lol Happy Monday to you :)
They tore my shirt off, they tore it off my back, and I was being whipped on my bare back, Confess! Confess! - Ahmed Omar Abu Ali
The last day of #WorldConcrete. Stop by Booth #S11927 and say hello!
Cockiness by Rihanna is my jam
#Donohue, Centuries of June. I set these mysterious storytelling women aside to savor and then gobbled them at one sitting. You should too.
For enduring success, embed goodness in practices and people, not personality. 0210
Big Time back to back buckets by J.Wise to put the Jam up 107-102 with 15.8 seconds left in the game
Haha well! I was making my bed at my dads!! And we all know I am very clumsy(: and I defied to be lazy and make my bed with me laying on it
June and July on my mind!!! Music, Germany, and UK! BOOM! BAAAAM! POWWWWW!
wahoooo! Send me pics. I'm gonna try to come lata.
Please help us spread the word to students.
<<<Peace God! What's today's math?
Happy Administrative Staff Day!
Oh hey look! New profile pic for the playoffs!
We didn't get it! Lol
Oregon Sports Authority CEO Drew Mahalic will be the guest tonight on Sports Sunday, on KGW TV right after Sunday Night Football...
I'm sleepy.
got to sleep in today.(:
Hi Hi Hi. The semester is almost ova! Get Ready!! I can't believe you are
Emergency medical delivery test went well, officials say - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Now people want what the movie was about, which is violent comedy
I'm the only white boy here that hit his dougie correctly.
So sad to hear my dear friend had to put down Libby today. R.I.P. my little libbers. We love you very much.
Totally sore and sick today, the stupid machines alarm was going off all night, doc said it's normal.. Wtfever
“: How old were you when you got your first kiss?” Probably about a minute or so.
might be! Are you folks out on H tonight?
How do get more followers? Im trying to be like you!
Been spinning all day! Live show tonight!
The Mission Impossible movies are the best movies ever!!!!
When someone smells good, it automatically makes them more attractive ;)
Yea. I would like to visit the mt again soon.
#Amerks need to make something happen on the powerplay. Colbourne to the box for tripping.
Go Blues go!!!
Those are the tweets for Wednesday, April 25, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
": Women can go longer (without sex). Its a proven fact." So what does that say about all the brothers doin time?
FACK. #metropieceofshit bro i did TWICE
Not really what I was expecting.. but, okay.
IM UP LATE WATCHN TRANSFORMERS I,
Okay: Bodemeister wit, Alpha place, Gemologist show. So want to pick Take Charge Indy...but alas.
Hey #Mke Twitterers, does anybody have a "thing" for 1960s classic cars? Know someone who owns one? We're looking for a contact in the area.
My attempt at working out was a fail. The treadmill is broken
Sometimes people surprise me. :)
Fly free in the sky with me
Best recent moments: sweet heart deal w/god-awful cable company ends, thereby creating easy excuse to cut it off.
I hope Mayweather gets beat worse than Spiderico in Rocky.
Spring is def in the air of nyc, the sun comes out and the hottest girls flocjk
“: Why wish it were easier. Wish you were better.”~~~Somebody Give Her a Book Deal on How 2 Live Your Life
I can breathe today for the first time in weeks!! Thank you baseball gods!!!
We did a mini-marathon after the 3rd episode. Love it. Favorite new show.
Whose happier than Donald Driver that he moves on to DWTS finals? WISN-TV which should earn a killer rating for next Monday's shows.
Thank you much! Look forward to checking out your photography...
We hold hands while I pray that she's not the type to hold grudges... I'm wrong.
I agree, but there are a few new places listed that might be worth a look. Madison is a beer capital but depends what you seek
That it is. Good luck.
If you're squirrelly and you know it, swish your tail.
Shit you learn when you have nothing to do in DC.
Lots to do today. Lots already done. Way to start the week!
Peter, why aren't you a follower of the House of Junko!?!?! if you don't you suck~~~~~!!!!!!! xp
In today's workplace, time equals money. Save both by trusting your corporate communications to ScribeModerne!
Shout out to being for one of the most consistent people I know.
Can I get a RT?!
So many sports enthusiasts in #VanWA! Pleasure to meet with yesterday to chat about baseball. Are you involved in #VanUSASports?
I hate that I love you
those things are not organized. Didn't even know it was going on
I have a new follower on my Twitters! What's up, (PrivateTeacher)?
love having loong talks with my bestest fran she understands me so well and can talk on the phone for foreverr (:
So slow in the office right now I'm actually considering starting a research paper for a scholarly journal. Anyone got a topic to explore?
Enjoying a full on Curb Your Enthusiasm line cutting moment but it's 2012 so I will be zen and not scare the crap out of entitled NYU girl.
David Stovall is gonna get cats in trouble at their universities! Hilarious. But he's right. And he's standing on principle.
lets go to taco bell!!111!!
the world ain't ending anytime soon!
Straight Up, You can Make Love to the World or You can Fuck It.
Just drank my medicine & daddy is Home :)
not today. I went sunday. I heard it on the radio in between meetings. Going monday night though
Brb quitting my job so I can go home and watch and you now SO THEY CAN CALL ME <333
Hahahah that's perfect for you!!!! YMCA is your jam!!!
lucky bitch -____-
Watched "Life as we know it" LOVE IT
I'm pretty sure they dislike me more than you now lol
making some Tea... want some?(;
That SOMEONE is one hot genius! Listen to her!
Always go the extra mile it pays off
Someone once did something similar for me, I loved it, especially the chocolate lol
Is it possible to practice piano playing without a piano? What do you think?
Thanks for a great night everyone! What other stops would you all like to have on the pedal mill? We want to expand our bar options!
Done, Done and Done
Our last speaker, Emory Thomas (after noting that no historians have been named Time's Person of the Year) nominates Robert E. Lee.
Happy Holidays from ConnectedMedia www.Connected-LA.com www.Connected-NY.com
Aw shucks, thanks Mike. :)
Chamomile tea, yum :3
looks like you lost some weight.. good call. nobody likes a really fat
Bout to hop in the studio
Featured Artist Daisy Hicks on Talent Showcase Radio www.TalentShowcaseRadio watch the video Million Years
thanks lady :)
A3: The build up is nice, but if there is no recall of the brand then what are they paying for?
: microg is like drinking, lots of fun but prob not healthy for you in the longterm
i've tried so very, very hard to like him. you know he's gonna b around like eddie murphy now. i'll put him in the same box w/TP
#wellsfargo #fail #theft : Wells Fargo just 'stole' almost $1000 from me through a ridiculous exchange rate. Can't wait for
to funny!
Heyy, I don't know if you're going to get this tweet, but is your phone working? Mine isn't.
Are you watching #universalsports and the WC Super Combined coverage?!
Pet peeve: Experts who manufacture demand for their own services.
I'm the whole thing. You niggas two percent.
hahahahaha well i dont hate you at all i like other but mostly madison lols
CBS cancels CSI:Miami. But David Caruso says "They didn't fire me. I quip!"
I don't question the integrity of refs in any pro sports league besides the Try to fine me David Stern!
haha no :P
dead serious.
Good morning. I've had company & have had some things to go through lately,hence the lack of tweets. Will be back to my usual nonsense soon!
WHOEVER IS GOING TO AUSTIN'S CONCERT IN NYC GENERAL ADMISSION MEANS NO ASSIGNED SEATS
I'll see you in Albany !!
Almost halfway through the #Monday!
you will be happy and never go back!
Past midnight riddles are enlightening, though troubling. We should not gaze upon the horizon with superfluous envy, but seek it.
Doing Marketing at the Gold Dust Days in Gold Bar. Smaller market, but good people.
I don't watch hokey but
Google+ is still a thing?
thx for the intro!
our pleasure! Happy you had a wonderful time!
Thank you for this video, it really helps people to understand these disorders
RT : Without God's Spirit, the church simply can't be the church.” ― N.T. Wright
P.I.'s think everyone knows about the government when they really don't.
I TOTALLY AGREE
I am getting to the point of being done with them. Just gonna wait for flat file treasure day
The Count is an event.
": You say "friends with benefits" I say "Sexercise partners"."
If you could give a menu of digital project tools for a "museum artifact & explanation" what would you include?
Today we're flying down to Dallas for Bowl Expo. The show starts tomorrow and it should be a great time. Who's going?
Judge Won’t Accept Guilty Plea in Online Poker Case
Someone...for the love of God...invent a toilet seat that stays up while you're peeing!!!
- She Just wants to do My Nails nd i diddnt let her thts Why miss Vaalenta Be hatenn ":b
Go see and pick up your tower yearbook at the Bell Tower from Tuesday until Friday between 9 and 4!
Chicago ed struggles: longer day, merit pay, remove class size limits, guy the contract. Senate bill 7 takes away seniority.
This tweet is for I don't talk about you guys a lot- only 22 times on here xD
Juss got home from modleing club.
good..cant complain..gods been great
O the liquid nose marsupials… gotcha…you need that double ply tissue for all that….
I don't wanna brag, but I'll be the best you ever had #johnlegend i don't doubt you for a second
I am listening now. LOVE it!
Never let your praying knees get lazy.
Don't you just hate when you can't sleep. Is anybody else having that problem tonight?
Seriously though. It baffles me that I went to the same school as some people.
Doing a lot of great shows in March! Kick starting this month at Jon Lovitz Comedy Club at 8:30pm. I'm a happy camper, not that I camp.
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i hope you see this, i love you<3
It is 2012 and i am happy to start this great year. Have a Happy and Prosperous New Year. Remember to Live, Laugh and Love Lots in 2012.
thank you sweetie “: but you looked beautiful baby”
The electrician is ALREADY HERE?!
I didn't think so :) its a classic
Can someone get me a phone number for ? I need to talk to him about starting the season on a Wednesday. That feels weird already.
Need VIP to the night clubs in Las Vegas? DM us for Bottles and Guestlist and avoid the lines!
I love you!
“A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.” Martin Luther King, Jr.
For a one-time bluegrass hot spot, DC sure lacks venues within the beltway for me to scratch my bluegrass itch
You know, if you've got a different take on it, I wouldn't turn it down!
How much does it cost total to put on this event? Cost of the artists, crew, advertising etc.?
Baseball-sized hail in St. Louis... My mom's car was towed due to damage. , you okay?
On The Road again...Ha! Isn't that a redneck song ANYWAYS
ATL Profile host is live in getting ready for the Red Carpet premiere of !
Clifton Powell was funny as hell on Menace 2 Society when he answered the door when "Andy" came over.
RT : No Thanksgiving, Christmas, or New Year's games for #packers. >> But a game on Festivus! 12/23 vs. Titans!
9 yr old Cy has been on a steady MITM kick for a few weeks. V funny. (Ps, you're kind of a glamour babe)
cant leave cortland yet cus the ultimate skel is still sleepin like always
Hey any new projects in the works?
don't be embarrassed!! Be proud of who you are!
my dream was to have him sign that cd.
The Metropolitan Water District needs to be legislatively retooled. Threatening water rebate money we pay is retaliation plain & simple!
hey what's up? where do I know you from... thanks for followin me :)
I could start bashing every athlete I can find until they block me.
Looking good guys.
My headphones are like my personal "STFU & DO NOT DISTURB" sign... Get the hint?
Have you been reading up on the brouhaha concerning the casting? do a search on Jezebel.
So you know the farty sound when you squeeze the last mustard out of the bottle? I still laugh at that.
Have you heard of the phone stacking game? Maybe we'll give it a go. First person to check their phone, pays for the brew!
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Bullock & Montgomery Counties until 03:45 PM
yes! calories don't count on
Idk if im gonna be lifeguarding not sure if BB would give me enough time to do it.
Fish & Chips only $9.99 all day! Stop in for lunch or dinner. Join us tonight for our video DJ party and pre BEAT KANSAS party! GO BUCKS!
I am thinking about getting a Ford Focus 2.0 LPG for a new car!
stuck in the land of 10,000 swamps...lol...careful there may be flooding from #Vikings fans crying over #Moss's release
I love T-Plush.
Our friend is playing with Norman Sylvester at the BluesFest at 5pm tonight!!! Thanks for the support Sarah!
I mean I like the bitch, I don't love her......
Just got home from school not feeling good AGIAN
Awesome new photo!
Good Morning Tweeple! May your day be filled with goodness and joy
Heath bell is the worst !!!!!!
It's times like these I pray to myself Hoping nothing but to one day Be my true self
We're stoked about the new bands added to the ! Check em out at vanswarpedtour.com/. Hope to see you out there!
Watching 16 and Pregnant . Dam I don't imagine myself with a baby at 16 or right now .
after all, this is the U.S. where whites don't get beat by cops.
1 of biggest hurdles to implement social across enterprise = change management & adopting new behavior
So mad about 's elimination last night!!!! I knew something bad would happen when they used the save! So pissed 😖😰
The gorilla may also be nuclear. I don't know. Tigers are vegetables to him.
Chicagolicious now really??? wonder if they'll do a Texaslicious too.
Going to my sisters house soon :)
Hahaha I thought something happened
LET'S GO FLYERS,LET'S GO!!! Imagine I'm in a cheerleader skirt.
Wow, it's going to be a very quiet day around here with all those market-y words cut out.
Tuned into KUFO 4 the KiddChris show 4 the Jack Swagger interview! Kidd is a super fan of Swagger!
Made some GREAT music today with
- you're a Heat fan?
She even made us bring props!
- hey thanks for the follow guys
Just completed my first 5k!
no! So bummed I'm here for a bachelorette party & they are not sports girls. I drove by UNLV cringing & they didn't get it.
Came across the nifty solution of using a switch to store the values as they progress through the for loop. Inelegant, but functional.
Looking for a Sunday FUNday activity? Stop by our Pearl store today at 4pm for a beer tasting with our beer specialist Philip.
you need a guy that will keep things real with you, your love that you vision is not always good for you. i'm a lesbian to.
I have been working towards an "honorary" doctorate for a while now. Im about to change my major to an HH. His Holyness Kuntry Strong. Yes!
RT 30 mins until the Luncheon plenary ft. & IS CEO Topic is social compact
Maybe I shouldn't shop for underwear in class...
Haven't searched for it!
Why is Eli doing his best #ForrestGump impression? Real life Forrest can throw that ball though.
Now Available on iTunes
We better get started with this #OwnYourVote canvass soon or team digi is going to crash the instagram servers.
Join us today at the bridal bowl from 5 to 9 pm north county fair bowling tavern.
will be at 's Ball Ball to feed your faces and dance our feet off.
soon enough. Stay strong ✊
Saw my first pimped out smart car today. Seriously, who pimps out a smart car??
"Boeuf Gras" in New Orleans is the fatted bull; a Lenten symbol of the last meat eaten before a season of fasting.
I will be doing the same thing! Michael Buble, wine and decorating my tree ;)
The Nuggets are embarking on an historic game tonight. May they prove a lot of people wrong in LA.
. retweet . Follow back ? Please
Hung out with another guy last night, hoping it'd help me get over my ex. I fucking had a dream about him again & woke up crying.
I'm attracted to her, her attractive ass ;)
happy humpity hump hump humpity hump hump day!
"Oh my god, they killed Kenny!" "You bastards!"
School keeps me broke little money in the bank
That good feeling after the first run you've had after four days of sitting through plane rides and conference panels.
Can't stop listening to this song. Thank you
our record release show is June 17 at the echoplex...
I've cracked 150 followers! Thanks to new followers
He think I'm stuck and gullible. Keep thinking as much. ;)
We happen to agree! Which cocktail for today? RT every day is a great day :)
Someone in webdev should fill the empty tin in the kitchen with explodinng snakes. Would have gotten me.
So far Braun and Lucroy are the only offensive players earning their $$$$
Ima talk bout my mama nasty ass in the morning, lil freaky ass
Yes, it's raining. Yes, students are still wearing flip-flops.
I miss sharing a pint with you too! I think we have some Ninkasi Spring Reign in the fridge. What are YOU drinking?
RT : Coca-Cola's discusses role of BI in growing "share of stomach" @
Just wanted to get that out there. Be well.
#np Kings of Leon - Closer
Tired of this!
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless the things I say because of this medication.
Oh I am following you! haha you just gotta follow back! It's all good man
im working 8 hrs a day m-f so we can have What we need and
Svengoolie on a grey Saturday. Yeah, nothing's getting done this afternoon.
You LUSH!
Pencils down. Glasses raised.
Instructors response to student discussion brings the second part of the assignment with a twist.
It used to be so quiet over here
its my birthday today!!Can i get a happy birthday?
9 hours of bus ridin ahead
. ah, no wonder! i never made it over to that side during the furthur rehearsals. looking forward to some grate music there.
I hate it when Big Brother Production tells them to STOP singing, whats the Big Deal
WTF! so what about claire ? I thought Jack's dad was Jacob! Or was this supposed to happen? Jack FTL! help me understand
On over Joakim Noahs total points of 11.5 in tonights Magic - Bulls game. His dad was canny at tennis inall.
what if the chats are with dj's - and potentially bands?
There are ways to solve these problems, but a whole body of insurance and law will need to be created or change.
Excited for#stpaddys in
WELCOME TO THE WINDY CITY! =)
lotta work to do in a little amount of time
Welcome, Thomas! What do you have planned for your stay in San Francisco?
Congratulations! RT : Official member of the University of Wisconsin-River Falls class of 2016
Yup I could definitely live with that for the rest of my life.
Is it Monday yet?
$SNPK will close about .70! FUCK YEAH! HOLD ON TO YOUR SHARES!
too tored... To spell :) I feel ya. Lovey youh my dear friend
a match made in heaven
It's Saturday!!! Come in tonight for Live music starting at 9pm... It's a gorgeous day and will only get better!!
it is!!! the chorus is so catchy!
Made Mr. Smith reference number one: "LOOK, LOOK ... The Capitol Dome!"
RT "Once upon a time...there was a girl...who was a late bloomer. Her time is....now. #GO"
No to-go cups OR pepper ?! What kind of establishment is this?
S/O to my 400th follower ---> ! Y'all go follow em! ;)
The NMJW Youth Honor Bands share the bill with the Albuquerque Jazz Orchestra! ABQ Museum 2000 Mountain Road. TONIGHT @ 7pm!!!
if you could patent ideas, we'd all do it and nothing would ever get invented.
Will we need both hands to drink #Trenta sized beverages from ? If so, Knee Driving 101 may need to become part of driver's ed!
thanks! It was a pretty exciting day :)
I hve the first powderpuff practice today with a bunch of girls i cant stand...and im nervous :(
Eight Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
Thus 30 or 42 were served by streetcars back in the day, while Y9 was always buses.
Seems like a good time to shamelessly promote... www.keycommittee.com if you like free music by some good folks!
THE PEOPLE WANT RON PAUL - Unite
Was Good Bra
Thanks to Celebrity Kids Club for hosting our event!
#SINCITY TONIGHT LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT! DUBAI
Thanks for the shout out!
His plan has been better than everyone else. Tax increase for the rich and companies. What have you done?
I don't want to go to French.
Apparently, the Pats take it dirty when they get down!!
Happy Holidays to all #binational same sex couples from the Entry Denied team. We hope your wishes of being together come true soon.
Nice. I would gladly trade all these trees in central Virginia for a distant horizon, a steer or two, and a couple t-poles!
may 10th? one last show before you leave me?
You can also try selling your stuff on #EggDrop and not have to stand outside all day. Try it and tell us what you think!
Opening day can not get here fast enough! Go Cubs!
Some #eyecandy here but the band more than compensates for that.
awesome thanks!
Manning the booth today at convention as support for new partnership.
The Paper Castle charity screening for the Free Arts Foundation for Abused Children....Friday, Oct. 1, 2010, 8 PM. (Sofitel - Beverly Hills)
It's gonna be a long day......
Sequential headlines on the local newspaper site this morning: "Shooting outside dorm rattles U of M campus" "Kids taught to aim high"
Michael Vick< dog fighting
it's not over yet
You're all set! :)
": Tomorrow I will be farming all day in school. Hollaaaaaa." Hell yeahh bitches
#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo Always Late...
I'll take good notes!!
Feeling a little cabin feverish? Grab a drink and listen to live music over at (8p) and (9p)
its pretty hot over here omg this is crazy... Where you from?
follow me plz an thnk u
Works for me!!!
Hate when singers rap on songs, it's a reason u chose singing nigga
Don't be a menace to South Central while drinking ur juice in the hood.
13% of Women Watch Porn at Work
going to try. Now my daughter has a play date. My wife is going to work this afternoon. So it's going to me & my dog hanging.
How the fuck imma watch a movie without popcorn
lol idk bro she just followed me
K night.
#np Everyone falls in love sometimes...
Friend watch and follow #Kony2012 We need to stop people like this.
all is going good Cindy :) Thanks, hope you're doing great!
I'm not a patient person haha and I'm ready for high school to be over.
I recommend for 's Essential Startup Tools list because you can create a complete financial model in a couple hours
is that a big problem out in your part of the world?
hi Derek
: t.youu! Hope you have a nice weekend too.
Just saw #TheAvengers a second time with ! Too much fun!!!!
haha thanks. What're you up to? I almost just bought some fried Oreos, haha.
yeah i been blessed and things is getting way better in my life
Gold Peak sweet tea<3
My Momma Need To Hurry Up... Ready To Go Shopping ! #HappyBirthdayMommy <3
full blown ab workout today
Weirdest person you ever met? For me it's the gradschool guy who went barefoot & then picked his callouses in class.
Thank you :-)
sounds amazing!
I need friends who like to be spontaneous & plan shit like camping trips, boat days, flag football, lol anything but partying! I'm bored!
Homework can wait. Have you been outside?
how's the killington snow? Coming there this weekend and it looks very warm.
Imagining a rap battle btwn Eminem & Romney. MT Cranbrook= Mitt's HS & the school Eminem discovers his rival attends in 8 Mile
Thanks so much! :)
The curse of the white belt still stands.
no joke. 24 hour chinese....
These favourites will make me laugh on a shit day.
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
Thanks so much! RT : Have learned that the May issue will be the last for - sad news. Best wishes to IW staff!
Oh thank God.
why do I always feel lik I'm the disappointment 2 my parents....?
RT : Verrilli: Where do you set the bar to defend congressional enactments? These judgements not necessarily precise
so drained and in pain physically and emotionally that all i want to do right is pray and sleep
Uh oh, I didn't know you have been corrupted by :)
#psycho by
Drogba is floppin like a fish
Work lunch at Comet Cafe today...it is all I can think about.
Each client has an Account Executive with a team of assistants to ensure prompt, accurate fulfillment of any and all client request.
That's a ganglionic cyst. I had one, too!
ah good idea. thanks
he is going????
Chibikart: Finishing Touches and More Testing! | equals zero
what are y'all s thoughts on this ...
Havn't worn jeans in a week i'd be surprised if they still fit
Happy Birthday Sky!!!!! I LOVE YOU BOO BOO!!!! Hoope u have a good one... :)
hey do u know a girl named Brianna burton cuz she said that she knows u and she also said that u live in NC is this true
yeah, she pisses me off!
Dear gate announcer: I could hear you from a mile away but can't understand you. Please take the mic out of your mouth and stop yelling.
Looking forward to tonight's great panel at Women in Technology: Breaking New Ground
I love that I'm attending an event where scientists are the rock star celebrities getting large rounds of applause.
*Grumbles* Boo sale days, LOL. RT you too PJ. Thursday is your favorite day and it's on the way!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!💩
Your girlfriend is cheating on you.
Thank you coffee for helping in the process of making me human everyday
Ricky Williams joins LT and Thomas Jones as only active players to surpass 10,000 yard rushing mark
he's telling us now. But he said he'd tell us by friday
thats not my mascara you are staring at!
First of all.. Nicki and Beyonce are in completely different spectrums of music.. Why the fuck even compare?
Well, thank you :)
You're missing out flying. ;)
Rise and shine/leave the night behind. DREAMFIRST/WHO ELSE? Follow
Wino Wed. Wine tasting all day, happy hour 4-7pm, and enjoy the New food menu.
was up guys sorry i was not on here as much but im back pray for japan
RT : we got cookies saved :)
Avoid negative people at all costs
Feels good to make it happen.
hey how are you..I am a songwriter..m1ould love to speak with u
I just discovered this accessory store by the name of Charming Charlie. MY WORD!
And then I surprise my Bro and nephews with th tix! Game time @ M&T Bank Stadium! Harbaugh Bros against each other! Cooper Bros in th House!
The Over is 7-0-1 in the Buffalo Sabres last 8 games as a road underdog between +151 and +200.
i dont like #MANswers any more and i havent for a while it gets stupid
JUNE 16TH! PINK+WHITE PARTY FEAT + AT THE GAYLORD HOTEL! HIT ME FOR TIX 202-5606264
I've been instructed to avoid sending booze as a gift to agents - there's a good number of them that don't drink.
@ work last nite i had the odd feeling of bringing my gun to work to protect myself or customer. i'm bigwig not fiver so this makes no sense
please do! I walked to little Italy. Took about 45 minutes.
oh yea,tweet tweet Ian sky walker Texas ranger, only on Tuesday's and every other holiday haha
Thanks for the RT. Glad you like it.
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?^.^ please???2
Visit a museum, read poetry, see a play, make music, eat different food -- try something new today. We'll all be richer for it.
AU Hubbs: What's at risk for Identity and Access is unauthorized access, id theft, and limiting access by role URMIA11 #
I saw the prettiest girl ever in the bus loop today that walked by me:] ,but I was too shy to say "hello" :/ I messaged her yesterday doe!;)
Everybody Got The Same Names & Sht
Evidence, studies on how critical multilingual discovery is to researchers?
Yeah, "interesting" is one term for that. Hope you survive!
Dont know how I managed driving home lastnight
Kind of weird not watching the Super Bowl with my daddy 🏈💔 but glad to be with my coworkers!
They can't legally play college football
Thanks! Fixed it.
thx for shout out. I'm following u.
Thanks, Chris. My work is such a part of my life I only can only hope to grow from every experience.
Did I really just have to read that?
that is quite the claim. Strong words.
And those of us who are married to ourselves! We deserve a pair or two also! ;)
Thanks for the RT!!
Only one watching...I felt like a voyeur
Yep. Love PBS.
Just did from my personal page. Glad you dig "The Battle"!
Still time to join and win, the current answers are wrong, we will be posting the section
what kind of babies
I actually got lots done! Built 6 campaigns today on top of all of that. Lol
you are quite the superhero
Exclusive video of D. Rose limping into Trump Tower surrounded my friends supporting him.
o okay! thats whats up bro
Dirty dirty dirty dirty dirty dirty sucker. You think I can't get hood like you, you motherf...
"Dinosaurs aren't extinct, they're just hiding."
WHERE U BEEN
Check out Denver.
ha. i guess we should all just listen to the shamans:). see you in a bit.
followed send my name please
Where To Sell Gold Jewelry: Where To Sell Gold ... - Blogger At Large
Having Palm Springs withdrawls. For reals.
Congrats and Kentucky! So happy for you coach!
I just can't wait for ferny to see oyu in person.
no no I dont and y by the teacher
Explain yourself. I thought the final death rattle would occur after ATT gets T-Mobile to rule the U.S. with Verizon.
Dance Happens Incorporated, an excellent free program for Baltimore City kids.
Were are you giggin' this weekend?
Liam still looks sexy :)
Don't bother: our sofa provides plenty of muscle confusion for free. Heard you might be delayed--call us if you need anything.
Try your hardest at something today. Let me know how it went.
The only reason I want all drugs legalized is to see the commercials for them. Lol.
if I was there in time to stop it, I would have played much better music, like Michael McDonald
I did get the cutest baby gift at Target tho, she won't be surprised its from me ☺👶🎁
She ain't gonna bring me down
you lost because you announced that you won. Boom. :)
Jeez sorry I was just showing some love to my idol on IG, and a girl gets mad -.-
so am I! Haha but I just want something new :) and to be closer to school. But yepp I'm just gonna go for it!
Would you be mine, could you be mine...Won't you be my neighbor?
Ever notice that when you start moving in a positive direction, the momentum carries you forward into new possiblities?
One of us will be tweeting from this account during the show. But just in case follow our personals.
#4famouswords The F Is For
are you bored? (:
when i get home.
RT : Sports Emmy for top studio analyst goes to TNT's Charles Barkley.
Happy Chinese New Year from San Francisco!! Year of the Dragon baby!! :D
I joined twitter just so I could tell you I loved your show last night! I'm so glad let me be her guest
Anyone here ever been a member of an internet poker online message board?
Not personal ones
every single thing in the world aggravates you, so not sure why you're differentiating between your aggravations
I like cool funny people , all that fighting and horseplaying move around .
sorry, I didn't see this until now. Good to see you out there earlier.
So ready for the new Hell's Kitchen! I can't wait.
Well... we have a non profit that provides small investments, training, mentoring. and support for micro businesses in Africa
Hey Tom Crean....U mad bro?
sure. What's good for you
not sure how you get into a slimey pebble haha, but when you are theres stop by for lunch! and congrats!
“: Who's going with me in the fountain tonight?!!”
I would wear my #Giveaway to all of the fun summer parties and weddings on my schedule!
is one of the coolest and sweetest guys ever. (:
"I've held the city down for 3 years " -
SUPER BOWL SPECIALS. pizza, wings, beer. perfect spot to watch the game (949)515-9090.
art invents reality...“: Had no idea Nat Geo built an UP house & got it to fly w/ balloons + passenger! t.co/ZBUeZItw”
when you're home for thanksgiving!
lol yeah. Are you in a good mood mow? :D
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way. - Wayne Dyer
Long lines at ! Fraps are the drink of choice today.
west coast yet. anytime soon. no? ok
I can tweet as long as it takes to get home. This is ridiculous. want a big customer?
if I was and what xD
iloveyou GoodNight ... gotta go to Practice 2morrow Probally gonna break every bone in my body ... like i almost did today ♥ ↨
did Sidney Poitier have a stroke?
Hit My Following Limit For The Day So I Cant Follow You : (
QuoteToSpin By  Time will magnify whatever u do so even in smallest matters do what is right. RT
everthing is good. See you doing great! I'm enjoying the songs. Nice, keep it up fam.
Did anyone going skiing this weekend? How was the snow?
wishing everyone in Japan a SAFE outcome...
Where in Chicago did you grow up? I use to hang in Arlington Heights. Would go back but miss someone there too much.
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time.~Steve Jobs
"No matter how small or big your dreams are. You can still make a big difference in someone's life with it~BAMM."
I just want you to know... Klout says you are an influencer on the topic of "Moms"
i wanna go out for some icecream :/
not sure about this one! Sorry!! #TEDxPQ missed the target for CJ!
your team is going down tonight!!!
You lost me on that one
haha that was a good day today
Just because your toddlers are adorable is no excuse for bringing a double-wide stroller on the metro at rush hour!
WINE TASTING TONIGHT! Come by at 7:00pm to try some Australian Goose Bay
Great workout, can't wait to do it again 2morrow #teamtito all day
I thought the Kim and Kanye stories were rumors. They are really dating?? How do those egos fit in the same room?! Haha
My cleaning lady refuses to give me a mani/pedi. It's clearly in her contract under "other duties as assigned"
Does Miami roll in the 2nd half?
ok I'm on that ok see you soon
How do I create a "Like" page on facebook? I feel like I can't do that anymore...how do I do this? Help??
Saying thanks to great people like you sometimes does not do justice for the gratitude we have for ya!
RT : Props to 's stylist today at the press conference. That tie, that suit, amazing.
Religions trade food for prayer, education and shelter for conversion. The government is moral it asks for qualification.
Beef hotdogs with sweet baby ray's is amazing!!
one time told me to "take a shit" ...shit got real after that. friendship/tourbuddy points deducted.
OUCH RT : 7:00am meetings should be illegal. Notably the day after a #happyhour send off of a pal for 6 months to Alaska.
I like your tattoo
I really want to THANK YOU for helping me out yesterday!! You both have no idea how much that helped me
what did you think? It looked delicious!
awesome man, thanks! gonna use that in my blog and celtic-nation post tomorrow!
My twitter friends rock.
Say hi to Nutzy for me!
tracks form our new EP and links to sites are at www.reverbnation.com/thesweetwater...rock on! let us know what ya think
“: I love my mom no matter what we go through and no matter how much we argue because I know, in the end, she’ll always be there for me.”
What's going on?
shut up!!
it's about as far north as your cold, careless heart.
Carpe Diem is my new favorite phrase ;) SIEZE THE DAY
By the way all...I've taken over this anon account and there will no longer be any gay RT or faux promotion shit. humor with
i'm in; lots of rapid prototyping materials, toys, & media for inspiration plus several media/tools of choice per learner
How does a straight, married Judeo-Christian qualify as a diverse? The dude is loony.
Why do people like peanut butter?? Yuck!! -_-
Please tweet me back!! Me and my friend are your biggest fans!
i was wrong. like always.
Yaah, a shoutout from her would be great. but i've gotten replies and comments from her, im fine with those (:
Breakfast would be clutch right now......
we'll go for a super spicy from Gus for sure.
You are ugly but you're beautiful.
: Cant wait to rock it at Wild Bull!!! 8pm Saturday!!!
RT : Is something big going on with the Cubs? As Harry Caray would say, "Could be, might be, . . . Tune in tomorrow"
IT DOESNT? MIND = BLOWN RT : Until you told me differently, I assumed it rhymed with "beige." All sainthood here. :)
Whenever I travel, it's the rental car counter I dread the most. These guys were professional, patient and entertaining!
I know what you mean, but some people like the social interaction of "I'm here, are you?" thing.
Feel so blessed and thankful! I have amazing friends. Even if I have drama, they love me anyway! Overflowing with thankfulness!
#Quotes: I have spread my dreams beneath your feet. Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
What channel are the TCA's?!
Long day of classes! Only two more weeks - that means I've got a lot of work to do!
Huh. Trantasia on TLC isn't at all like Fantasia. Not even a little. Walt Disney would be so confused, I hope.
well we were on the same page then..i feel where you coming from...ppl come and go
Everyone always tells me I sound depressed
BLACK. (With chocolate covered gummy bears.)
Say it ain't so I will not go turn the lights off carry me home nananananananana
RT I didn't buy pink skis because they were cute. I swear! #skiswap #yeg || Pink skis are just fast.
Discussing mustache4cash and new event, the big bowl.
One hour till Exhumed Film Fest!
Thanks, Jill! I've been having fun with the blog! Hoffman's talk was great. Were you there?
I'm sure some did mistake me for you! hehehe
Wow, Bunbury can't find a start....even in a reserve game...
I neeeddddd a favor !
It doesnt matter how many times you get knocked down. What matters is how many times you were brave enough, to get back up. <3
Back from a long hiatus...how u doin!?
What amazing weather. Leaving to outrigger paddle on Town Lake.
In Penn hills my phone gets suspect like I can't even send MSGs
Niggas bout to hop back on Twitter
So excited to finally have a CakePop maker-not to go cakepop recipe crazy
Is it me or does Cee Lo Green seem to have excessively short arms?
Awe! I hate you too! Let's die together! :3 ^-^
keep it sexy
Hey what is with new lane alignment going from 794W to 94W? Single lane? Just awful decision to change.
Rest well, MCA.
A feature, not a bug. RT : Sometimes magically switches to French.
its at a school in lowell mass (:
Thanks a lot!
Hunger Games! Here I come!
New assistants excite Deans
I really like this :)
-Wow I ran Out of gas & this nigga came all the way from cary to full my tank.. That's the kind of nigga I need in my life...
Strauch: You knew alcohol amplifies effects of Prozac & Ambien, "yet you chose to take the Ambien anyway." Bronson: "Yes, ma'am."
:D 3-1 I'm so excited hope work is going by fast !!
OH MY GOD! FACEBOOK IS DOWN! ALERT THE PRESS!
Cant stop eating.
NephariaBrown no you my babymamma/sis in law what my brudduh talking bout anyway
My biggest dream? Be followed by Austin and meet him :). Oh, is your dream too? RT :)
#shoutout “: thanks for the follow!” thank you!!
are you okay? Well I guess not! What wrong??
We all love donuts, too! Thanks for shopping at AmazonFresh.
Anyway, anyone going to disney today... Good luck! I hope you get to ride on at least one of the attractions.
12:42pm-1st person to email gets 4 tickets to tonight's Brewers game. Just tell us you want them. Ready, set, go!
When I see you my heart beat faster, my stomach feels lighter, my personality becomes more noticable, & my smile shines brighter.
that was so helpful.
“: Great night with the great and old friend ” good seeing you to bud
wish i could attend. #missingmilwaukeetoday RT : Jersey Party weekend!
note to self: you owe mike carr ten beans.
I love #Vegas!!
Quite a few weeks for that guy.
Need a yummy meal on the go? Call to place an order for pick up! (714)445-0189 Serving lunch 11am to 2pm Tuesday thru Sunday!
Though Paddington Bear gets high marks in Yorkshire for his thrift and skeptical attitude
He doesn't think it's a compliment, but....
my friend is talking about me on twitter, and I follow her.
Hope should be held for QPR to pull off the miracle :)
#Key&Peele is fucking fantastic. Really damn funny.
out of all headphones i give the Dr. Dre Beats a 10 they are very legit the sound quality and bass is incredible
sweety may!! U r sick!! It is official jared should follow you!!!!!!
Dozen more restaurant locations are now pursuing a mobil page and application to increase their biz with mobile users...stay tuned for names
Lets all just agree that it's time to stop covering L. Cohen's "Hallelujah". It's been a great 28 years but it might be time to move on.
weak sauce. Get on my level
ahahha i didn't know you were a United fan either... shit. I'm surrounded by United fans. aagh don't rub off on me...
Getting empanadas from - Atlanta needs more empanadas.
“: I was finally handed a survey at College Park... Sheesh. how am I gonna get creative with this...” just got to do the most...
Good win for the #knicks. Down 3-1. Going to South Beach for Game 5.
The ref. fell. What tripped him? Blade of grass.
is totally my dream guy!!! Oh how I wish I could find a guy like him! :)
Mulcair clarifies stance on pot decriminalization - CTV.ca
please follow me i can be apart of your mara army :D
thanks so much guys!
pretty please :-)
Kevin McKale "Bully Ball"
It is easy to point out the mistakes of others, while it is hard to admit one´s own mistakes. -Dalai Lama
oh I see well fuck them strange assholes
thank you(:
thanks for the support
Beach > School. I think so.
Late night snack run
sun flurries!
Congrats to little brother James Temple... He just played the highest level highschool soccer game in Texas and got MVP!!!
Wow yow guys must all hats me.. I lost 10 followers)":
A landscaper is only as sharp as his pruner- cleaning up the tools on the terrace this gorgeous afternoon
Omg I would love to see u and Justin perform it would be the best u two r perfect
unfair imma high jack your twitter!
Happy Mothers day to all the mothers!
Claudia called me a bitch :/
Scientists confirm limited genetic diversity in the extinct Tasmanian tiger Scientists have confirmed the unique Tasmanian tiger or thyla
The biggest sporting event in the U.S. is fast approaching, SUPERBOWL XLV we still have great discount rates for Rooms check us out
Damn O !
Yesterday I was part of a stunt workshop and today we cast the last lead role for our web series - "Vaju" alias Kevin Deen!
#IAlwaysWonderIf You actually enjoy being that big of an asshole.
hey! check your dm's :)
Only the winners decide what were war crimes
you heard me ;)
Hey guys! started a new #dance twitter account in connection with a dance blog! follow me there!
Ahh, the scent of a whole library. I could have Classic Musty and New Book Smell together in one!
I need sandy feet. soon.
IMAGINE! I love the maps. And I will see you on Sunday, yes?
I want unification. Together, you're a force. Fractured? You're no longer the epicenter of anger.
- well in that case,
RT An empty canvas is a living wonder.. far lovelier than certain pictures. Kadinsky #FineArt Loving this!
several of us thought Seattle SocialMedia Summit
No.. Clippers
I photoshopped some awkward llama on a bunch of backgrounds too. It was weird...
Your kinda late with that
Bartender beat me in dice twice
Happy Monday lady. Thank you and same to you. It is always great to hear from you :-)
has been taking alot of pictures today... I throughly enjoy this... :)
Easy, Olympic Gold Medalist Coach K.. “: Who is the BEST Coach in college sports?”
I want some chocolate but I have to wait till march uggghhh
Honolulu City Lights, huh, Darwin? ;)
thank you. :) i miss you.<3
thanks for stating the obvious hahaha
pray. surrender. trust. ask for what you need. be worthy. recognize your value. take action. pray.
...and everyone thought it was wrong that the Cards only offered 5 years. It was an "insult".
Good try, Denver. Y'all came close.
Bama or Auburn?
We seen a dead puppy on the curb , -___-
thanks for your sweet words! And we all have tough days. It's all in the recovery.... ;)
Break a leg. Wish I could see you in Milwaukee!
Not as of yet. Just chopping up census data at the moment,planning to use for election analysis
Somewhere out there lives a person browsing the internet with javascript turned off
here we go... Joe Cefalu questioning someone's fandom. You got hate in your heart player
same! he's so annoying!
Um the big sign at work fell down from the building. There's amatos in the snow now
Thanks man! The bigger we are in a city = the better opportunities we get in said city.
Very interesting but I was unable to understand presentation because it was not accessible. A little ironic considering the topic.
I have so much to do today yet I'm finding no motivation to get out of my bed...
People plz follow she follows back if you love jb so much follow her
You can tell a child is growing up when he stops asking where he came from and starts refusing to tell where he is going
Thanks for following me, Robb
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer43
lmao they lame af for going through her phone. They going through her phone like she one of they men or something.
So busy lately the only time I have to tweet is on flights via - who still owe me a credit for #SXSW flight to Austin
Terrific. Have a great day!
"you french-canadian kissed her mother!"
Ryan, you have no idea how i much needed this picture. thank you from the bottom of my heart!
I always get cheated, colluded against, experience horrible lag, or misread my cards, when I dream about poker.
Looks like I'll have to tune in. Haters be hatin'. And can STFU.
She want those heroin tracks! RT SHE WANTS THAT OLD THING BACK.....!
it still says 41 minutes for like 5 minutes now wth
Working on Switchvox IAX between different versions of Switchvox today.
THE GANG'S ALL HERE
I better get a big hug tomorrow!
Thx! for giving the magic an apportunity to get something back in return...unlike the other big guy that was here (SHAQuira)
So much going on in the city tonight - what to do?!
I need some QT!
teaching to the test is symptom of the market paradigm. It happens in charters too.
Overzealous marketing & security going opposite ways shouldn't be a surprise. How to move forward with w/smoke etc. is the question.
So the #Jaguars are still undefeated this year ! How about that! :)
do you think I could go with you to check the place out and meet them?
grazie, much love!
been dealing with similar fb issues involving children. They don't belong on the internet.
lolol hunny , that's jake miler .. and his dads my eye doctor .. we saw cody simpsonn
what is it?
LOLOL, I was kidding.
We love music!
‘Abdu'l-Bahá tells his friends in NYC: “so great has been the longing to see you that seems like three months.”
so close
I hope you have a good weekend, too.
A sweat! “: What's the last thing that broke on your drum kit besides sticks, heads or the drummer?”
follow please?<3
I cannot wait to see at Memphis in May Sunday. RT this if you feel the same!
its only temporary your NOT GONNA LOSE YOUR FOLLOWERS,ITS OKAY(:
good luck with that, they always play lame ass shit at proms.
12 points in 56 seconds, wow
Ugh I wish I could go to the wind ensemble concert tonight. Even though I loathe
Cauliflower Ear BLOWSS big ones!!!
Tickled that the very sr citizen sitting next to me in doc's office is engrossed in the People mag article about Steven Tyler. #rockon !
RHP Wily Peralta is expected to be recalled from A Nashville tomorrow to take to roster spot of RHP Kameron Loe.(bereavement)
I will have to check 'em out. I have no doubts I'll like them and become obsessed lol <33
Lunch: Baguette with melted Grumpy Goat cheese crafted by M.
which girl?
My face is this emoticon => :´(
bounce regions in place. yipee
RT : RT : Three things media must do in 2012: actually know their audience, enhance interaction, pay their interns YES!!
i haven't been on for a while. i lost 40 followers. hahah
Seconded! RT : Big THANK YOU to the small businesses & individuals hosting #IVLP this year.
More youtube videos :D with ?
oh ok...It had been pretty horrible here until just about a few minutes ago.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Are you two dating?
Resolutions are going well, I spent my weekend watching tons of hockey.
Thanks for the retweet!
lol it's alright our towns have character that's all lol
I dont care if derek is the alpha. He will always be sexy as hell... So will & <3
no, sorry. We're playing Austin the 7th and 28th... do you want some recommendations for while you're here?
YES!Best tweet I've seen all day.(:
Voting=done :)
Tell your friends to check out our beautiful #UnionTerrace today and ask them to Vote NO Oct 17-19th in the referendum
yea man. Anyone dealin with music usually gets an immediate follow back
you too :)
Forealll ! lol “ Genesis never misses me :/”
What Is Zurker And Do You Need To Know About It? Not one to miss out on an opportunity to stay in the loop with all things social media,
Repeatedly you reassure me that i can be sure of your faithfulness #Father, that you are my security and my #strength. That you are
RT “: ; follow back !” now following back
are the Arctic temperatures in the library supposed to stimulate learning? #frozen someone bring me a parka!
#ADCDebate speaks of need for progressives in local office.
And that anaconda.
Really!? So you're the person that makes Word ask me that every time I open a new doc. I thought it knew I was a blogger. lol
Windier today in DC than typical Chicago!? Now I feel vindicated for struggling to stay upright :)
things are well, but busy, looking forward to a little time off next week to clear my head
I'm not perverted.......all the time
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach. ~ Tony Robbins
we are working on that sweetheart.
Watching "Source Code" on DVD....pretty cool so far!
I'll take a call! In NYC! Happy New Year!
Not sure what did it to me, 2 spin classes, personal trainer, or bootcamp, but my body is aching at me today.
Specials:Marinated rack of Lamb w baby zuchinni, cippollini onions, roasted peppers & olives
RT : Why La Nina Has Brought Fickle Winter Weather via contributor : bit.ly/Apdi01
lol well she was slowly jogging, and was weari g a black "it could be YOU" sweatshirt. I was like no way! Haha
thanks for the RT, brother!
Are you in #MKE tomorrow night? If you are... #StPattys??!
'Friendship is Magic' - according to a few lonely authorities
Putting doctor scholl's foot slips into my fashionable military boots. I am not above it.
Feels good to vote for yourself. Remember to write in Scott Plantz for Mayor of Milwaukee
I don't know if Joy is on Twitter; I'm guessing not. I'll have to ask next time I'm over that way.
a trip to Vegas to see 1D would be the best graduation present ever!!!
In the 2:00 hour, listen for "Two Tunes" to win a Gift Certificate from Edible Arrangements. 99.9 FM V100 Charleston, WV!
Dark skin boys are sexy.
is in love with the architecture in New Mexico!
Speaking of being fat, I hope all of my fellow Wisconsinites pry themselves from their beer and cheese long enough to vote for #RONPAUL !!!!
Job application question in 2025: How old were you when your mother stopped nursing you?
For great female speakers in social/fashion, make sure u reach out to She is very smart and influential in that space.
I need a job..
hahaha. Me and MAD other NYers.
Newbie wondering where is the discussion re: scholars citing/embedding/mashing/publishing multimedia resources?
The cutest little kid at the bus stop right now ^.^
Woot! RT 76' - GOAL!!!! Kalif Alhassan scores! Takes off a short free kick and expertly chips the keeper. Timbers lead 3-1.
lol lets make it happen. When are you free?
Quit lying. Donna Summer did not die. Legends never do.
: she doesn't want to be the weak link in the Jewish chain & convening w/ other Jews is the most important thing
Side eyes to who has gone missing in my life...
I will forward it to you.
hahah that was my lifeline in high school. No joke. It worked amazingly! Been thinking about doing it again now w/ summer here!
At least he didn't get knocked out. Was looking pretty likely in Round 12. Gutsy finish.
Mornin. Have a lovely day
Attended Campaign Finance Training Session offered by WV Sec of State today ... nope, just interested. I also watch C-SPAN ...
Don bentley
"I have pressing matters to deal with" ~ lady at the cleaners probably.
Everyone! Still have "With Everything" albums if anyone is interested in buying one! $10.. Just email me at . :)
The Book Of Psalms
Intervention by a congressman would probably help a lot
lol no I'm on the same boat with u :-) yet my first tattoo was a Crüe one lol :P
someone DM me ,Mention me or something ! gawd damn im so bored
Need help with a new logo. Anyone down?
Everyone is boring today.
Bill Clinton's secret service detail would be ecstatic to be pimpin' all over the world.
Good Night Twitter!! XO
A diligent biz owner has vision, creativity, commitment & effective partners. How diligent are you?
I kid because I love. Oh, and because I'm a bitch.
Truthfully once you get to know me imma fool...but imma cool ass dude might break bread witchu....#might =]
Ima let that gun spray from monday thru sunday oneway albee had more bitches than a runway
I'm getting my next done at Outer Limits in Long Beach. Lefty's in Orange has good artist too...
I guess she don't wanna talk
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. —Will Rogers
Watching my weekly dose of awesomeness .#The Pauly D Project
In Orange County all day, possibly hitting up Huntington or Newport Beach with Max, hit me up!
The Recorder is on it!
It doesn't matter if you win or lose.. Until you lose.
' - he did answer questions in my head-why consuming is growing & what to do ()
Thanks! RT : I cannot wait to read your book! I'm a huge fan of Mr. Bratton!
Green hits a shot that he hasn't made all day. Sully misses a lay up. Game
no its not bad I just don't wanna say it...
Very cool!
RT : we killed swag its all about the #POSH now
Prices will go down as we get busier. RT $3 bucks plus 25% of order?!?!?! damn taxin ass
that's not weird at all.
So sorry to hear about your phone and camera! Hope you can enjoy the rest of your vacation nonetheless.
Up headed to the airport with goin to today to perform!!!
it's raining like mad here at the moment. Brings the steal head up I suppose...
Are you going on that?
Listening to show
lets find our four leaf clover! I'll let u find my pot of gold ;)
I find al the good guys. The really good ones, the kind you wanna marry & shit. They're all single, & they're all my friends.
I like food more than I like people. Food doesn't let you down.
Pittsburgh Penguins.. 2013 NHL Stanley Cup Champions. <3 You heard it here first! (; But, good season Pittsburgh!
cont2) So last week I told her that we were "storegoers." She didn't understand so I explained. RT if YOU understand. Hint:
good stuff
Finally home! :) School is Wack!
I wanna go to a party ..
LOL! Me too but it was a BEER!
awww just seeing this now :-) love you
I don't need the perfect person, I just need the right person
- When that happens to me I send them a - $0 - invoice - at least they get the message that I'm keeping track.
Coyotes New Goalie Mike Smith joins Jacobs coming up next segment here on The Fan AM 1060!
When you hear footsteps walking down the hall, while everyone but you is asleep.. #scared 😰
LOL! Last week I dreamt I was making out with someone different every night. One dream featured Keira Knightley.
nigga texting me talkin about its on and popping. Smh nigga don't stunt off in front fir a female.
Don't let the battles you face discourage you from your dreams and desires. Feel privileged that God is molding you to receive them. <3
Long hair, don't care .
The $ thing was a bit creepy, I agree. However, the staff was super sweet so it canceled the creepy vibe out. :)
you should make a tumblr about it
aight fool, I'll call you tomorrow night Love you jack rabbit 
“: Disappointments are just God's way of saying: "I've got something better"' Be patient, live life, have faith.”
Classic night
Finally got to buy 's newest album...it's AMAZING. Oh my.
But...it's like Rollerball. Without the venting of steam, in sports year 'round, the population would simply go hang Congress.
That was TOO freaking close! O_O
thank u bo..... Party, party, party
i'm gonna get some waffles. (: WHO WANTS SOME? ..WELL, TOO BAD!
Gah it is so beautiful.
Sounds great, let me know your schedule - look forward to catching up there.
I hate you you guys, y'all pricks.
PLEASE, follow me, only click in +follow ;)
well listen it better be real nice cause I did quite a bit of bronzing today.. I think I'm
i was actually picturing him putting on one of those girdles for older plumper ladies.lol
YES! I will need it. Throw me a gatorade.
My sons soccer team, Kometz - Colorado Fusion Soccer Club, is playing tonight @ the halftime of the DU vs UNLA Division 1 soccer game!
RT : How is the British plan to let rich students to buy seats at selective colleges any different from the US system?...
My fortune cookie: "One must dare to be himself however frightening it strange that self may prove to be." pretty much sums it up! Haha
bonjour lovely followers! new updates soon
A lost is a lost. Mad ass.
I am listening to somebody i used to know. Thinking of you!!!
Update: I'm not dead but still hating life. Hey guys sup
Loved it-her quote was beautiful and RTable! \o/
you know... I do nice things time to time for this chick I hang out with 😉
Oh wow! The Netherlands=] Well have a nice day=]
my hair smells like coconut. i like it.
Today field-trip to Capitol Building.. To understand one country’s culture, you have to learn their history.
I appreciate that -- will contact you to take you up on that!
Wish I was heading somewhere this #TravelTuesday! Instead I'll stay in #Chicago - at least it's sunny now!
Even though I have a heart problem, im still going on all the roller coasters tommorow. Fuckkk it
Yesterday was the first day in 2012 that ended with a shorter to-do list than it had begun.
It's a new year, which means it's a new opportunity to step your game up, no excuses, love what you do, keep God first!
RT : Chula Vista Taking Steps To Welcome 'Idol' Hopeful: The city of Chula Vista is making preparations to welcome an......
Thanks for representing those of us who have the attention span of a goldfish !
if you compress it in a zip folder you could most likely send it through sendspace or media fire
it is!! and its only yoga! lol
Going skating today got to nail the pop shvit and kickflip
RT : Send pitches to me for ! MT : We need to see more stories of inspiring Latinos creating change
So much fun last night! I expect to see sing next time
Damn! Hope you had money on that!
Thank you guys for the follow, I love me some pop punk music! Looking forward to your music, check out my Facebook page for mine:)
#Imagine You're on a Austin Mahone concert and it's your birthday. Suddenly, your Austin say: *your name* come here. Let's sing for you
#NLCATLANTA MOMMY BLOGGERS ARE POWERFUL!!!
A prisoner is recaptured after manhunt in Bridgewater
these bitches and better get their little asses to bed
#Medeco - 8th question: Medeco 32 Series large format interchangeable core (LFIC) have the control sleeve in which pin chambers?
Thanks for a whole lot of nothin
African American patients on dialysis are less likely to be referred for evaluation for kidney transplant
Thanks! RT : Thank you for that brilliant speech on the House Floor just now. I admire your compassion...
hey that looks familiar! Enjoy y'all!
we have some GREAT followes. thanks for the support! the mentally disabled need us more than ever. plz help by RTing/telling friends abt us!
We are still looking for a Customer Service/Sales Manager for our Chili Ave. location.
lol your redic, lol. We wouldn't have to have this beomance if some peeps weren't lesbians
it went great:) I had a few mess ups but no one even knew! I loved it:)
Wow, what a mess. Sucks!
Original Chicken Sandwich
on that friday grind, keep an eye on ur girlfriends #freakyfriday #clubdub ?
ahh I see. Just didn't feel like it was the right fit?
let me know if ur going to order so i unblock international payment
you guys Green Door-ing it tonight?
YEAH RAYS!!!
follow back?
Gabrielle Giffords is en route to Houston for rehabilitation. Here is to a speedy recovery
#SMBAustin : Rule #1 I don't outsource my BS.
Some people so fucking lazy! Excuse my language but damn O_o
wow! And what #health insurance IS this?
Ayy I see new...nvm I'm out lol
I just realized, my life is boring AS FUCK! !!!
When Chipotle gets anything close to Qdoba's queso, we can have this discussion.
Taking Dezzy to the docs @ 12:30... my poor baby got bit by something and her face got so swollen... i hope shes ok... :(
It's too nice outside for drama, leave all that alone and enjoy it
Ihopee has a great day (:
Will you PLEASE use that as your blurb on THE END GAMES?!
that's why you're my sister! Lol!!
Gay lovers and submissives don't necessarily equate to friends. You should learn the difference.
bahahahahaha that's too funny!!!
Tupac The Best Rapper Alive , I Dont care What NOBODY Say !
One of the greatest moments of my life. Well, that and when I once called a Paul Bako home run.
Check out our GRANDE tour of from yesterday
Siri, download twitter for iPhone
#sea Using only one word, name something significant about your life today.
Dao doesn't know if a document listing all of the VA's documents exits. "They are constantly writing stuff," He said.
So me and my best friend are on the phone listening to the same exact song. Ladies Love Me. But its the lip sync with (:
Quit looking and go buy something already
So crazy, small world! I've been here (in A3) for 3 years but I'm moving to 11th and B tomorrow.
Freaks camping outside for Justin Bieber at Roc Center.
in da morning , k?
“: #np dont worry,i just found her RT #np I Know But I Won't Tell You. RT : #np have you see
RT : no spiral? I do
Thanks to Sanford, Fl police and prosecutors, justice is being delayed for #TrayvonMartin but it will not be denied. Justice will prevail.
Thanks for the tip.
Just get 499 more. ;)
OH! I misunderstood what it was thank you lol
Happy Passover & Easter weekend #SmallBusiness Tweeps! Enjoy your time w/family & friends!
[4 - 2] The Pittsburgh Pirates scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 6th inning. Pittsburgh Pirates 4, Houston Astros 2
Good ain't good enough.
this urge to be back in Prague is driving me crazy...
Happy birthday, new year!
About to listen to #LeeSmith and #halcrowther at the #okratoopera conference
Your really cute :) Just thought I would let you know haha. Well, bye.
wow! that is a LONG time! Sorry to hear that!
Spurs baby!! :D
You'd think a killer whale would be named Shamu, huh? But JT says his name is Rocky Canyon. First name Rocky, last name Canyon.
Thank you, Joe. I appreciate your timely response. Cheers.
Finally Friday (:
Absolutely! I'm in! RT: : haha, the drop kick?
Happy Mother's Day!
It reminds me a bit of the do/don't-learn-a-foreign-language sentiments you sometimes see.
Fox is opening programming portion of the presentation with New Girl
Hey, it's Kristin, can't wait 2 talk with u this afternoon, loving the results from my treatments !
We're about to hit 2000 Twitter followers! What should we do to celebrate?
Be real to yourself
you really know how to throw a party.
My Starmeter is at 6,247 this week. CREATURE must be doing very well :)
^ The human spirit can endure in sickness, ⁰ but a crushed spirit who can bear?
I want the Browns to win but if they devolved into a Joker-inspired chaos it might be just as entertaining.
I'm jealous! I haven't seen that movie yet, let me know if it's good :)
umm seeing as i had to urban dictionary what that was, pretty sure i'm not partaking in your nasty nonsense
#thevoice Juliet Simms did her thing! But she look so druggy! Dope as crack!
Did anybody pick up the Notre Dame bag by the shotput ring? It has my phone, iPod and wallet in it and i need it ASAP!
Heard at Parenting in Medicine Mentoring Session at #sgim2012: Kids are a gift, not an achievement.
Getting a spiritual alignment this morning :-)
Articulate, advocate, and educate. Alleviate the fear by showing people that it's not so scary.
Our newborn daughter loves jammin' to U2...calms her down during early evening overtired crankiness... have other calming music suggestions?
We are volunteering all day with Cinderella Project MKE as "Fairy Godmothers" to help underprivileged girls look their best for prom!
First night in Zagreb. Discussions of grafic novels, comix and Star Craft coming out over fresh-water beer. I think I'll fit in.
It does sound silly. What am I missing?
Made mommy breakfast :)
WOW. KG always gets away with that call
Wow cody simpson was amazing had a great time on tuesday. These girls are vicious but it was worth it
I wanna go to that party tonight
RT : to live Tweet brain surgery and post pictures on #Pinterest. Follow live now with #MHBrain hashtag.
Had a great breakfast at Blu jam cafe on melrose. So nice to meet new nice people:-)
this neighbor thing is funny. Send her a card that says I know what u did last summer
Beautiful day in DC - take advantage!
Wow! What a fun day I had with Melisa and April. Can't wait to get my Edit On Y'all!
my new talent website is up www.actorsreps.com/blackstar
Last night our high school band played Beethoven
I get that...about thanking folks. I try to thank folks...good point.
Springsteen had song bout 57 channels(& nothin on).No offense, but 1,557 Followers & nothin's on.Not that I have anything to tweet about.
i wish he would, its getting pretty annoying hearing "i love you" "i miss you" "aww,you're so cute" , etc. for 2 hours -__-
Hey #UK #PR Peeps: Is Looking for PR Freelancer to Join Their Team - Email CV's to
Don't mean to sound cocky but I love it when people be like"youlook like a dancer" lol yes cus I amm!
