so what if biden said "smartass" he's keeping it real and "real" people can't handle it. Whatever!
16th Annual Purple Foot Festival at set for Sept. 18th!
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
He has a hot streak for the New York Knicks then fades to mediocrity...he is the most Linteresting man in the world.
What do lawyers do after they die?They lie still.
Good Morning ! :)
Hang with my mamma, watch movies, make cakes. all that fun stuff
Ok, so I'm pretty much over Texas right now. I wanna get out of here 4ever, so bad.
. Austin, please follow me. It would mean alot! I cant believe your actually moving close to me(: #pumped! Anyways, follow?!(:
Signing up is a breeze. Simply visit FailFL.com/signup Use the registration form or click the Facebook Connect button for one-click access!
At Enterprise Rent a car, then off to Dallas to see Jackie and our grandkids! YAY!!!
Can you smoke sage This invention in truth painting on the intellect ...
Spoke with an old friend last night. Literally inspired me to write a dope relationship song looking forward to recording it.
Whaddaya think about that, tho? Me: is it honest, in that LD is herself an unglam non-P-Hilton heiress? Or trust-fundiness=dull?
All proceeds go to sponsor the Iron Eagle 25,000 Miles in 25 Days for the Fraternal Order of Eagles Diabetes Research Center.
I hear ya buddy. How did you guys do?
i am a big fan of nigella lawson ...
Anybody tryna rap with me? Just RT
get at me for collabs i got the track serious ppls only down south or a eastcoast rappers for this track
Just got my new issue of Lucky and noticed you in there! Congrats! You are beautiful and I love your yoga DVD "Yoga Anywhere"!
"Saved if only for a few more days..."
Wow Teresa's kids are just horrible. No manners no nothing
lol I'm thinking it will be lots of fun
Many foundations, including many in NJ, are required by their charters to fund in specific locations.
I told you Laker fans it would get crazy. I knew it would be a blow out. Wednesday will be as well.
RIGHT? AH KNOW.
Ha - that's great.
7s<A8 D button to SB 90k flip then a8<a9 when a fish raped me by limp calling my shove from the cutoff. Busto sigh. Round 3 Tom.
free movie posters
You'll get the job for sure! Quit worrying
I finally understand "this hurts me more than it hurts you". You can do it!
“: Homies teachers on there red now it's hot”
Finally seeing the descendants!
"John Edwards has a serious heart condition" - Huff Post; "Is it that he DOESN'T HAVE ONE?!?!?" -John's ex-wife (via a medium)
It should please me to start the 2nd quarter man up, but we know better.
we just confirmed a show wed august 24th. more details soon!
Norris Cole just dunked lol
Thanks for the follow! "A different language is a different vision of life" Federico Fellini Are u enjoying learning English?
It has a saucer and everything.
totally did not realize that I was on twitter - but now I am! Tweet tweet! Watch out world...
We've noticed a PPC trend with Yahoo/Bing with several clients...very high impressions and low click-throughs. Opposite of Google.
Is that Dr. Caution? RT : Beltline EB- Accident at John Nolen Dr. Caution
People underestimate the power of telling a good story.
Denver has a framework to reciprocate to artists and creatives who drive economic development.
If you're following #edreform4digera panel, follow my colleague -- she's there! (I'm having trouble getting consistent stream.)
dont worry, the awesomeness of the game will more than make up for not being able to play 2ppl online. I cant wait!!!!
It's cooling off in Hotlanta, Georgia
if you emailed me bro. I never got it.
I wish I had time to sneak away from the office to check out the #DCBloggerbakesale for at 15th & M!
type much? and good idea. use it more though!
#RyanBraun is definitely not the type of guy that would take PED. He's too straight edge and perfect. He's innocent. Enough said.
Voice all in my head
Spoken like a true teenager.
Why yes, I *am* the idiot who after 4 years of living in this city got on a blue line train and ended up at Arlington Cemetery.
yes!!!!! omfg all the awards go to him tonight. Shit
Travis is a Game of Thrones fan who couldn't get his hands on a dragon's egg.
Happy Groundhog Day! Are you excited or disappointed Puxatony Phil saw his shadow?
I'm a new teacher in Baltimore city public schools, learning Looking to build my PLN at
. However, I know WAY more about homelessness than I ever wanted. Enough to know it's not funny.
I agree!
your too funny, imy!
time to create another mix.....
Why must you forget about me :/
Feh. Looks like del.icio.us is being shut down by Yahoo.
It's my personal paper score. Is there anything specific you need?
My teeth or should I say lack of teeth hurt so fucking bad...
the east river has the satin sheen of sheet metal--very lovely
if you're hosting the NCAA selection show party again, tell to leave his date at the movie this time...
finna go shopping for 2night ! anyone wanna join?
i like that start c;
Guest at the Alliance meeting. One accomplishment they highlighted is TN the Development a statewide Parent Advisory Council.
Stop ignoring me:( plz follow
Hello, Everything! To all the fans of Craig Horner from Legend of the Seeker, his birthday is today and I like to see if anyone can help me.
First up today: Pam Cooper speaking about creativity and creating your own recipe for innovation.
He was ashy -_- THEM KNEES
Very classy!
Nice story to head to bed on!!
If you paying to perform at any show in SE Missouri you getting jerked!
Following 's "King of Bain" video, what's the over/under this political cycle on total allusions to The Police?
Questions prevent ignorance.. Questions already answered promote ignorance
Dear Guys, until you start having periods, babies, and watching the one you love be with someone else, you're not as strong as you think.
Don't forget - we're selling official Green Bay Packers Super Bowl merchandise in the lower lobby of the theatre! (while supplies lasts!)
: or she's a secret line cutter. ;-)
madison pembleton is a queen named queen madmadison
galveston! my sister and i spent the morning/afternoon there.
it's a site with tutorials on how to use certain programs like photoshop, GarageBand, windows and Mac programs. But it costs.
yeah, after I figure out prices ...........and ask my mom -_- lol
it takes honest dialogue current repubs are'nt ready
He makes me smile :)
you know wassup especially cause we have the same name ;p
It's Simple...it's just ain't Easy. People make that mistake all the time.
Seen alot up there but don't be scared who needs actions when u got words
Tinsley for the 3
I definitely cried during the movie hahaha :(
As President, mitt romney would decimate remainder of the USA that gw bush left intact!! RE-Elect President Obama for FAIRNESS & Prosperity
Come out and canvass with us. Groups going out daily!!
"I trust in your unfailing love; my heart rejoices in your salvation. I will sing to the Lord, for he has been good to me" -Psalm 13:5,6
Even if it were made here; who's to say they'd conduct their finances any different? Romney anyone?
beards demand sustinence, like the rest of us
Congrats on your nomination for Independent Artist of the Year with Southern Star Media Group! So Happy For YOU!!!!
Nighttime lap swimming at outdoor pool in December, steam rising off the water under the lights.
Hope's Anthem by Bethel Music on repeat!!
I love ice cream cake!
So many light skin chicks with big forehead outside right now
It really sucks when someone is mad at you and you don't know why. Especially when they block you from Facebook and Twitter. Who knows.
Going into championship season with my "Who Gon Stop Me" attitude.
#UNT needs a baseball team, I'll coach
Do u know if we will be able to buy the
Me too! RT RT On behalf of Texas, I'd just like to apologize for Rick Perry.
"You never close your eyes, anymore when I kiss your lips....."
Cheese sticks r BEAST!!!!With pasta!!
Yay Sophie won #survivor!!! Girl power!!
We're still honoring our 50% off any service until the end of the year. No bait n switch. Just trying to build a new biz.
The New Negro. Kinte and Linen. Christmas and Kwanzaa.
#teamnosleep trend it
Pope meets Raul Castro in Havana
I was wondering what was in it, looks like grapes or raisins? I am a vegan but I'm not sure I'd touch that! lol
Ahh is on I so forgot she was supposed to be on today but so love her singing!
Check out all our new adademic publications at www.enrichprofessional.com. This month: The Green Economy & its Implementation in China
Is there a way that I can get my "one team member" access back?
50 kids just pulled up infront of my apartment to fight. dang yall don't you have better things to do..like get into
Taking my first meditation class tonight & seriously can't imagine a better end to this insanely busy week.
yezzir we did and we got em all week lol
that's a sweet set of towels
Visit us in the Menil parking lot today for Bare Bowls--both lunch and dinner until they run out.
We got Ciroc on deck if u tryna get some hmu
RT #ThatMomentWhen you see an "Ex" or someone you used to mess with & ALL the "good" memories start flashing back...
... I shall have peanut wear her new bow
Owners Fly, Players Bike
I know that why I don't wanth to but I fell bad just saying
that's something you should brag about on facebook so your mom can see. unless you're trying to build up cred on your stoner acct
Happy 42 day!
Happy Friday Beautiful People! SAG-AFTRA merger Approved! #CarpeDiem - XavierLT. com
i do please(:
You ever listen to Procol Harum Live with the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra? First major rock/orchestra mix. Brilliant.
RT : Kenny Vaccaro just announced he will be coming back for 2012.
only shortly before he died in 1519.
do you guys take reservations for mothers day brunch?
I'm a touch suprised that Google search doesn't convert hexadecimal to RGB automatically.
What does the President's Professor in the Biology dept. do? Come find out! Pub Night in Hannon Library, Weds, 5:30pm, Level 3
"Gals can scare a fella"...but "fellas can go their whole lives relying on buddies"
All my favs!!!
i was kind of thinking that berdy has been cruising under the radar here. quietly lethal it appears.....!
i will!
Mike ’s Early View of the News April 27, 2012 Banks cooperate to track Occupy protesters The world ’s biggest banks are working with
I can!
Goodmorning! Or well, it's morning here :P
Who doesn't love Mr. Toads Wild Ride?
follow she is amazing
I just discovered that Mrs. Doubtfire now works at the CVS on Main Street in Salem.
exactly why hard knocks would focus on his hair...trials & tribulations of staying close-cut or growing out again. Amazing TV.
Real Gs grow n get doe
Feeling refreshed and renewed! Love being newly optimistic and planning for greatness!
Be my drug dealer
Don't mind me. I'm just sitting here ... watching you tweet.
Fundamentally they are sequence collection of tattoos roundly the arm.
OMFG LALA HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU ! YOU ARE NOT FAT.
About to step back out.
It's raining cats and dogs out there! Cutest. Storm. Ever.
Guys in muscle shirts>>>>
Will do!
G.M.N.I.: Would you mind if I tongue kissed your navel?
Aww poor guy. Can he still walk? How'd he get hurt?
"Hey darling, I hope your good tonight. And I know you don't feel right when I'm leaving."
thanks for following!
Do not click on emails from twitter saying you have unread messages. It is not from Twitter and has a virus
Having work to come home to after a long days work... Bo. Screw you thesis edits.
Thanks Kat, you're a sweetie!
BioOne site journal pages updated with newly released 2009 ISI Impact Factors and category rankings - 110 of 160 titles now ranked
My friends *love* my Kofta burgers.
strictly family
Wow, I think I could make a list of what's not available by just writing down every movie I've ever wanted to see. :(
ew its thundering
Sorry your work is boring right now. I also hope your week isn't bad. You have a nice day also.
I love the twitter app its pretty
Ike! I hope he gets a pie to the face tonight.
Sirens are going off everywhere on Maui as we wait for the Waves to come in about 30 more minutes. Eerie!
I PEED ON THE ALAMO LIKE OZZY. Okay, so since I got yalls attention... Follow
RT : Good sponsorship idea for next year: Branded Packets of Aspirin
ahh... hope she feels better soon :)
Can't believe I almost forgot about it, too. [[NSTwitterSearch alloc] initWithQuery:@"WWDC"]
With the lads❤
well I can't now so that purple dress is Gunnar be for when I go to church now
Can't wait to see my dad tomorrow :)
Any other reports of disappearing scheduled tweets?
17 years is quite an age for a cocker mix!
hi, just wondering if there is any general way i can contact retired players by mail, thanks in advance
Glad you found me. I sent you message on FB. Good luck w/ your film!
Women can be fine as ever sometimes, but they still might not be worth shit, Judge a book by its chapters, not it's cover.
Pix are coming next. RT : Haha. Monday Edition of the Leesa & Marcus Tweet ShowA RT : oh lord here we go lol
Yeah, what she said : )
Thanks for the follow guys! Aimee, would Kip's or The Depot want to be featured?
burned 185 calories doing 30 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 brisk pace, uphill"
Today in 1996, Chemical Brothers (featuring vocals by Noel Gallagher of Oasis) hits #1 in the UK with "Setting Sun".
The Roots - Undun album is my shit.
If you're reading this. Right meow... Hai :] haha
nope. Concert season. See ya Friday!
We will be there bowling!
The votes are in and David Prosser is the winner of the Supreme Court race. The margin is 0.49%. So will there be a recount?
I hate my new body wash and now I have to smell myself for the rest of the day. The horror.
Hahahaha, "where did he post those?" "Which one?"
yeah I forgot SUN wah is closed on Thursdays WTF! yeah I could already taste it...hm now what will I eat...pumpkins & bacon drippings nah
If I see Zac at a show, I will call him a puto out of love.
Forgive us, the entire collection that we have available that is. The first 7 volumes. Vol. 8 is coming within a few months (God-willing.)
Awesome! Sounds great. Feel free to email me if you have any Qs ..
Happy thanksgiving. Our lead singer/guitar player is at Carey lake tonight and Friday while the rest of the band eats and drinks
no new fone today I got in trouble last night
Corgi owners are the new crazy cat lady.
today was funny as hell kmsl
RT : Alabama's new anti-immigrant law threatens public safety and deters kids from enrolling in school. We just filed suit. More soon!
Get involved: Our next coalition meeting is this Thurs 4/1 at 6pm - new member meeting at 5:15. Pizza will be served!
Heading back from Mets victory.
coach k ya idiot. Has white players in his team and wins ships against teams that are more talented.
You can't expect to sit on your ASS and see PROSPERITY! That's like drinking OJ & Roach Spray, JUST STUPID!
miss u too lady! She still in the bed sleep girl!
today's payday, and i'm about to get me new license for my 21st.
Being sick sucks.
GTC... Gym. Tan. Criminal Minds.
Gotta love when Potter Puppet Pals skits get stuck in your head. "Harry Potter. Harry Potter."
Borders books will close all stores nationwide. I don’t think this is what the Republicans meant by “closing our borders.”.
Hey, people who walk around glaring, we would be more pleasant to you if we weren't so afraid.
how many feeds are in your rss reader? I have 236 and cannot come close to reading all the article each day.
as opposed to the shoegaze that's just always staring at your tits.
I could tweet 1,000 Times and I would never get a reply. I'll try again next time. Off to bed :l
tough times for us! Lol
Got a new web site you want spidered? Submitting through Google’s regular submission form can take weeks
I thought Landins next debut would be as an offensive lineman somewhere.
Bad timing.
A #career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night.
I'm reminded in this moment how much I love Prince. A lot.
I deleted my facebook account again today. I lasted 8 months last time. Hopefully this time it's permanent.
Hi Ben, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
Did you know that we're OPEN 7 DAYS a week?! Call/tweet us or just STOP BY! 1738 Telegraph Ave #Uptown #Oakland 510 8321100
has finally entered the world of twitter. The catalysts? God and Justin Bieber.
Good Morning Farmers! Swing by today & pick up our strain of the day; Platinum OG! AND receive 10% off concentrates all day! See you soon ;)
Huge thanks to everyone who came to packet pickup today! It was a big success. Our volunteers worked HARD!
the pic of i was lookin at the pics u had and i saw it and Lol i saw 1 of this ugliie ass guy LMFAOO
Jesse & Austin "hey your tits are showing" me *looks down at shirt feels really stupid* i'm wearing a very high collared shirt -__-
i got there like ten minutes til close bc I hadn't eaten anything all day and all i could think was crawfish quesooooo
One good turn gets most of the blankets.
I truly LOVE teaching morning classes. They make my overall productivity for the day skyrocket!
I meet some cool people during my day!
Julie, sounds like a wonderful cause. Please email info to me at
we had a blast with you and ! Can't wait to see you all soon!
North Carolina!
go team!
I tweet DM, in the BM, you see 'em, the bucket, you love it Motherfuckers on my dick, suck it
I also sent that like a while ago but I did something wrong (What a shock) and it didnt send. so yeah... :)
RT : Surely Manpacks needs a big data solution and european based CRM systems.
well its either that, or you over think things way to much, i like the first version personally
that's spanish for.... The Nino.
cause 23 is your number
done. Please follow me Zayn
Cher, would you ever consider coming to Florida? You may not have as many fans like UK/NY but i am a huge fan! love you
AHH! tickled me an hour ago, #mahomies help me get tickled:D you know you like it when he tickles me(:
yeah, i'm excited but am not surprised, nbc did this with #Chuck too
I have too.... but i know the nuber1 girl tour not gonna be free n tickets arnt on sale on ticketmaster :(
Yes... see, I started another twitter account and thought this one can be fun for me to rant and other can be professional.
It's good to hear Zoey is better, poor thing!
Fridays always seem more boring than normal weekdays
- on that note, challenge via is coming your way
up now #nyudatamine How and why study big cultural data?
let me look up NYC showtimes and flights. K?
Figured it was either this or get a real estate license. This is way cheaper.
Ass Dark? I kinda like it.
you know why i killed the code right... time to evolve and let the chips fall where they may... bye if u r a cop i wantmy lawyer present
Built my first Revit plugin in C#-hello world!
No. Quite the opposite. And on that note, your child needs a cuteness reduction. Cuteness to the MAX! ;)
nope :( but if i eat it befor 10 i'm usually ok :)
that's vince's favorite. i think he asked if we could run it more often...
It's a Pirate's Life For Me :)
Be careful who you call your friends. I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies.
RT : The is doing great things on ! Definitely worth checking out.
Promote yourself free on the site on my profile. All social networks. Follow 4 follow? i'll follow back in 1-2 days.
thanks 4thinking of me re: - actually it's a BRANDnew thing - i'm curious too, apply 4 scholarship!
anyways , who are you ? Sike nah lol what's up
#SAD will never be the same RIP MCA :( RT #BeastieBoys co-founder Adam Yauch has died; was in cancer treatment since '09
you're coming next time!
#ghettocrayolacolors fake ass rims Silver
NEW SONGS, GO CHECK EM OUT.
Welcome to twitter :)
Legally defensible Retention and disposition is key.
#FashionStar I would buy Kara if her stlye would fit curves, luv dresses ronnie makes, nzimiro perfect for guys!
Couldn't of asked for a better night (:
The ladies did right by #ShakeItOut #Glee. And a lovely acting perf by the #awesome tonight on
hey bro.. still never received my hardcover version of footprints.. what's up with that!
Awesome!! I am a big fan of working out. :-)
is crazy!! LOL
My husband says I use coconut oil like the guy from My Big Fat Greek Wedding uses windex. Whatever the ailment, I say "put some oil on it."
looks handsome presenting our favorite
You know you're stressed out when you have a nightmare that the pile of work on your desk begins to attack you.
TOPIC OF DISCUSSION: MINUTES AWAY. PITTSBURGH, PA'S FINEST RISING STAR, A LYRICAL MASTERMIND AT HIS PRIME, YOUNG BRAVO!!FOLLOW
Hearing McMurtry play "No More Buffalo" live at Shank. Life's good.
I cannot believe I just now found out you were in Charlotte. I would have come to see you! I hope it was fun.
that awkward moment when no one ever knows what rynas saying, but she finally found nicoles tumblr! :D
I upvoted you! I'm curious too, haha.
alex at starlight tattoo did it. =]
i just realized today i DONT own a Darkseid shirt... then realized what better place to find one?!?
WOOT! Finding it hard to focus. So pumped!!
bout time lol jk and why arent u folling me brat? i just noticed that lol
So Potholes readers prefer Azealia to Purrp. Got it.
I am also a free thinker
It's insane to think that 250 years after nation's founding MS RWNJ would reject our founders Diest faiths ... they have moved backwards.
i have my own style of promotion, that is what I call my artistry!
No explanation needed. I know you're busy and I'm happy that you are. Keep bringing it. People will see how special you are.
could really use a tennis partner today!
Miami #Dolphins new RB from Canadian league, Jerome Messum is 6'4", 245 lbs & a 4.4s (40 time) and broke a teammate's jaw.
Let's celebrate #ColumbusDay by walking into someone's house and telling them we live there now.
finally gave in and got a Twitter!
Going to the Remlinger Farm Pumpkin patch with Maasai's class
Hey AJB! Thanks for chattin' it up and the autographs today! Welcome to the Rose City,it was worth the coast switch!
The radio is filled with garbage over techno beats, and all these songs about cash are what we just don't need.
ok good! You scared me for a minute! I like your hair long :)
Congratulations & welcome!!! RT : : Just got accepted into 's one-year, #IMBA program!
My Quote of the Day - "Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.", Mae West
Finally saw Midnight In Paris. Why do movies always show nerdy guys landing hot chicks but never the opposite? If only girls ruled H'wd...
What is the craziest dream you've ever had?
lol... you are straight cooked sometimes but I def. respect the hustle...
#ItsAmazingHow Austin is so hot!
Impressed by the book collection at #JCREW- #JohnCage, Richter, #NYC urban landscapes line the shelves above clothes. #biblio minded
RT - Blaine Gabbert is a couple of 4th-quarter David Garrard mental mistakes from being the starting quarterback of the...
I'll pee on it! Oh wait thats for jelly fish burns!
I actually can't wait to see that movie. It's been a while since I've said that.
bored out of my mind. -__-
Did you know white wine gets darker as it ages while red wine gets lighter. . .
Interesting #sportsbiz note: Callaway golf sponsors segment on MLB Network. Where else do you see cross-sport move like that?
": BREAKING: Indonesian officials reporting 8.9 magnitude earthquake off Aceh; Tsunami warning issued." #prayers for all involved
Bikeride down the jersey shore
honestly, I have no fucking clue. I just want my whiskey back in the office.
Well this is depressing.
Join Thursday 1/20/11 from 5 pm - 9 pm @ Montage Tasting Room & Wine Bar for a free #wine tasting. 304 Liberty St. Morris, IL
Congrats Heather!
Not renewing a program and saying you have nothing to fill the slot is like running out of tuna and saying we have no food!
Frozen fresh blueberries:great cold snack, full of anti-oxidants. Great for late night snackers, instead of the ice cream or worse choices.
Today is Wednesday and that means $1.00 breakfast Tacos $1.00 coffee and $1.00 juice Made Fresh to order NOT FAST PREMADE FOOD!!
Just saw #HungerGames. I enjoyed the novels, albeit the first two more than the third. I thought it was incredibly well done!
I support you 100% your great and everything you do and your gorgeous! Please follow me!!
"Alien Behind Obama While Saying Im God Chroma Key " Yeah sure I'll click this vide......WAIT HOW THE FUCK DID I GET HERE!
Baby sitting <<<
Just watched Rich Rod's press conference... Guy is classic. Glad to have him as the AZ football coach. Funny dude.
Hate getting blamed for talking in class when I wasnt -.-
well, look at where ur at now. and look at where they're at now..ur better off making the money.
I won't clean my house unless I'm BLASTING . Sorry mom.
Thanks Reynolds....that was amazing stab at 3rd. You just cost Chen a chance for a win in his debut asshole!
Rap wasn't interesting to me until like.. Beginning of the 2000's. When college dropout dropped. Before that I was more into r&b and rock
love you to sis
Surprisingly has the urge to go golfing again with (I'll finished 9 holes this time)
“Why don’t honest journalists take on Roger Ailes and Fox News?“
I will definitely check em out thanks!!
Girls are so weird. I don't care who you know honey. Carry on
Excellent marketing tactic. I believe that was their purpose...
When faced w/2 choices #flipacoin not bcuz it w/decide 4 u but in that brief moment when coin is in air u suddenly know what u r hoping 4.
I possibly have one. Very early stage and may be a bit loose with the definition of startup. Crazy day ahead, I'll email you later?
Did I make the right choice? I hate this guilt feeling. Ugh.
we don't believe u ...u need more people lls **in my JAYZ voice**
Congrats to Mandy! RT : Found out I won the Pat Hoefling Memorial Scholarship to go to #aaup12 today! Yay!
deal!(; No I have an iPhone
Charges were scratched, saw the replay of the clippers/thunder game, grubbing at La Canasta, so far so good!
BECAUSE THE NIGHT
Your fucking annoying.
RT “I will meditate on all your works and consider all your mighty deeds.” – Psalm 77:12. // Give God's word some time today!
I don't know but I'm sick of him for real.
Above all else I pride myself on loyalty & it is one of the most important characteristics I look for in my friends
Only if it increases chapter membership.
Well, I'm thankful I have headphones. I love my parents, but both of them have obnoxiously loud laughs.
Kentucky putting a clinic on these boys.
"A man that is willing to share you... DOES NOT LOVE YOU!"
oh you know me too well!!!
Its juss how my birthday is a week from today like wow time sure does fly by
“It is impossible to get the measure of what an individual can accomplish unless the responsibility is given to him.”
Happy Labor Day everyone. Diamondisc Audio is closed today, will pick it back up Tuesday a.m.
We're experiencing a heavy barrage of spam which is affecting email delivery. A solution is being worked on now!
what's news mate?
Signed up for the Tri-State Tough Mudder! I noticed that est completion time is the same as 7-mile NorCal Event? That right?
of course we are hopefully sometime this week
In top 16 for umvc3 losers side, and in Skullgirls grand finals! Gonna be on stream after Blazblue!
class? What's that? I thought you taught Sat mornings?
How are we talking
After the take on today head to Captain Morgan Club for !
Slow jams are so relaxing <3
Great Black Friday Deals! See our Shop!
used to by packs at Scotty's Comic Shop in San Francisco
I had an interesting conversation last evening on the structural problems and risk assessment in institutional education
I'm scared to get old o_o
You scratch my back, I'll scratch yours.
I'll send one over but you probably won't receive it for another week? :(
Austin should do a shirtless ustream omg ♥
Reading Romeo & Juliet -.-
Also, I think your account may have been hacked. I've gotten a couple direct messages from you that go to a fake twitter page.
I hate when people talk bad about my family. I don't let that shit slide 😡
"The birds are the keepers of our secrets" Guy Garvey.. ♥ bri
Oh & dresses that you can't wear bras in/need small titties
I am an old man and have known a great many troubles, but most of them never happened. - Mark Twain
Do you have the Scout Mob app? They have a coupon for Villa-O
is beautiful!!
Still looking for #ISTE2011 hotel rooms in case anyone knows of any available.
i fancy doodling something for :o i think i shall!
What a day.. Got to be crafty, decorated a xmas tree, & got my dance on.. Also conquered a bull!! BAM whats next... 8-)
": To all the fat chicks that only take pics from the neck up .... good try ...good try..."
Look at the stars, look how they shine for you
This 8th grade band recital will be a travesty if they don't honor MCA with a rendition of "Intergalactic"
Just because one road is blocked, does not mean that the destination is unreachable. You can always find another road, or make your own. An…
We miss you on air in Orlando..Good luck in Philly.
#nisoEbook MUSE currently uses PDFs fir both ejounals and ebooks ingest and export. May consider ePub in future.
aw don't be sad I'll bring you a chocolate chip cookie Danny
I hope you mean that in a good way! ;-)
check your dm.
Shout out to follow him ^_^ GO FOLLOW
on may 15th our new television travel series debuts on pbs in the us. really excited.
The sad thing? Im single. The happy part? Im single.
Follow Fonts HD to keep up to speed with our latest products, developments, and savings!
I forgot Rihanna's ex-boyfriend's name...Then it hit me...
How do you think we can get back on track? I want freedom, justice and democracy, not more partisan hate-mongering.
Beautiful day for a swirly treat!
Am I missing something with this #Gotye guy? He puts me to sleep. In fact it looked like he almost put himself to sleep on
Back to la where I belong
Working our way up to the show on Sat nite. Hope u can be there. Wonderfully talented people who are a pleasure. Great show last weekend.
We'll be happy to have you. Bring bells if you like, but for the sake of the children please wear pants.
Repubs. are not 'nuturing' They they are 'punitive'
I don't need a summer job after I receive all the gift cards from walmart! #TooExcited I think in all like $5,000!!
I LOVE THIS SONG!!!!! OMG IM LIKE FANGIRLING!!! SO PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN!!! #SaySomethin :D #YEE #YEEUH Ah
Congratulations to you and your family!
-_- that was a good one !
There is one crucial rule that must be followed in all creative meetings. Never speak first. You job is to shut up. -- William Goldman
You know how the left is hoping Newt will win the primary? Perhaps we should be a weary of this. Wasn't the same said about Reagan in 80'?
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life.
got a parking ticket for $20 and she's crying #lmao btw her dad laughed at her
your very own Dallas #BBQ tour !
right? smdh maybe he realized his argument was groundless? haha
Who let Frank Drebin behind the plate tonight? This guys way off.
Do you have questions about #Chicago2012 Summit? will answer your questions all week! To ask him, just use the hashtag
Which market are you located in?
most of the time I do. But needed both open and it is just sucking memory
Hey Raven, Thanks 4 being a friend. You're a really cool person to know. Stay you shawty. Much Love 2 you !! Straight up!
Pretty much everyday after 5 pm my day gets better & better :)
Wow....so disappointed in a paper I read for years growing up...not anymore! way to support your own
The undecideds get throttled until they make a choice whether to be batshit crazy or a reasoning human.
Pshhh! You wish!
Great Saturday with Loving that he's back in DC!
Wahh the week is almost over, back to school Monday *tear* :'(
I do but perhaps that's showing my age!
If you want things to change in your life, you have to make changes
If you were born in the 90's and didn't hear Blink-182 music as a kid, you were definitely a deprived child
u a bitch. I'll get u tho
That lovely moment when your best friend aka hacks into your twitter(:
that's what's up u goin to hangover_nite_set
In the meantime, we will be replacing the horse statue on the North Oval with a threatening carp with glowing red eyes.
Gods Bathroom Floor
yes RT : RT : Ed Reed said he considered retirement for 3 years straight.
Everytime I wash my hands I have to get 3 pieces of paper towel
What's good, ladies?!
Listening to my man this christmas eve morning
This boy think he cute, with his chipped crooked teeth.
what's with the technicals lately bro?
Working on a strong mind and body in preparation for the 2012 triathlon season!!
This post office line on steroids!
Done with the tanning. Rushing home. Damn shake got my stomach bubblin. # THERUNS
well i dont even know why i made a new twiter! seriouslY! lol evryone follow me :) <3333 thanku...
I love
hey I do.
<< stands 4 something...cause fallin 4 ANYTHING is not an option!
Cd realese party this Sunday then video shoot the next Sunday! Should be a lot of fun!
Totally agree with wisdom in your heading about a woman's capability. P.S. Only if she knows, YES she CAN.
am cool jst chiiling wat r u up to bro
Well, I'm out of shape. I couldn't even scrimmage for 10 minutes without dying.
Tom Brady 12
But I only have eyes for one boy and he dgaf about me.
When a girl goes missing..Adult: Something terrible must of happened hope she ok ...Us: Smt That Bitch is @ her bfs house...
Great footage for some Utube vids coming soon...hope everyone likes it.
Congrats on your win Bubba. Amazing performance!
How are things in Japan?
When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends.
MLB games today from 11am-12am CT. I live for this, I truly do.
Thanks for the follow girl!! I love your profile quote!!!
I sure hope so! :o)
Hell yes, #Kings! I'm jumping on that bandwagon hard, and I'm really hoping they hoist it this year.
Weinberger (everything miscellaneous) reported to be impressed by the linked data energy across cultural heritage organizations
when are you going to come visit Baltimore? I think you'd have fun here
mission accomplished.
Belated thanks for the #ff love. :)
everybody was beast on there from shield agents to villians...I'm definitely gonna cop the dvd when it come out.
Today wuss a qudd day until I qot out of school.! Hope it continues.! not n the mood for anymore bs
Everythang!!..“: Well what can u do?”
Maybe he's in the studio now <3<3
If you haven't already, follow
"It's time that Walker come clean with the people of Wisconsin," Barrett said.
Writing, eating, reviewing, and cooking today. Need to perfect the right balance of gooey ganache for black bottom pecan pie. Tough day.
"We have lousy data habits and are in desperate need of help" from a research scientist presenting at
Eli Manning is so gross. So gross. Also take out your retainer.
A Mexican jockey wins Kentucky Derby on Cinco De Mayo...That works!!!
Some people interpreted the election result as a vote of anger. They are making a mistake. It was a mature and conscious choice. --ALEXIS...
I wanna have sexual relations with oomf.
delayed response. Was out of office last week. This made me laugh tho. Always good to establish creepy factor off the top HA!
have a great show tonight. I wish I was there! Play up on the ridge for me!!;)
Hehe. I see that! Anyways, go NY Yankees & Rangers!!!!
Now I must see Iron Lady.
I feel like a pretty pretty princess...he woke me up;) # <3 God
: thank you! Hope you enjoyed your pastries to! :)
Another order of Living Dangerous shirts is going out! Who wants one???
And that's why lebron is not MJ or Kobe and he is y'all king ha
Moreover, Old Style beats RitualCleanse in taste & cleansing, while providing added benefit of a buzz to ease Jury Duty pain
Have you checked out the cruise deals? They're awesome! www.majkltravel.net RT Wish I was in Alaska
Dear Wednesday, Cool out for a second. I'm moving as fast as I can!
When you think about it, there are actually 181 whole integer lines of latitude on the planet, right? 0 to 90 N + 1 to 90 S=181.
I am wincing and wincing and wincing and watching 127 Hours.
Back to the ville with
Spotted: carrying water bottle around work today. Thanks for representing, Dan! :)
Think a margarita is in order.....
Cloud dev and biz unusual RT will you be at tomorrow? What session are you most excited about?
ghe...Nicki wouldn't know a bar if she got hit in the throat with one...how about a female that can actually spit?
cinco day drinking
A very good news is on the way!
#thatawkwardmoment when you're on campus and see the fubsy chick who was grinding on everyone last night
Smile pretty because you deserve to
your a funny guy. keeping it real i see hahaha!!
RT : "There's no reason to have a Plan B because it distracts from Plan A" - Will Smith
We're creeping closer to lunch time...who's heading to The Lube for lunch?
What you want want want, is what I want want waannt.. cone on rude booy(8)
or....maybe they can
THIS BOY RIGHT HERE SITTING NEXT TO ME TALKING BOUT SOME SEXY BIRDS I MEAN WHO DOES THAT
will do
school...then play practice...Then SPRING BREAK!!!!! :D
38 till 300! You guys rock!
im pulling an all nighter... then like at 8 I'm making my mom breakfast.
hahaha i know :) i love my phone tho
#ARCHER on F/X right now! Watch it!
box or piss station
Sitting here dieing laughing over Blondies mystery box!! Awesome
Rewriting an old(er) piano piece for orchestra; it's becoming a completely different kind of piece.
i would be a very happy person if you followed me.
He was grounded even though he only wanted to see if the worms would make her fly.
giving away free dog and cat treat bags for the holidays at our shop! come on bye!!!
Hahaha that is awesome!
At starbucks :D vanilla bean
Not even sure if that was genuine O_o
already sent a couple entries, hoping to attend in #chicago!
Not yet but that's one of my goals this summer haha
Let me get started on this work though
Proud of the #Naija crew especially the Yoruba's graduating #HowardUniversity who have taken MOST of the #PhiBetaKappa keys this year.
Expecting big thing from Brian Davis this week at the Heritage. Looks like a lock at 50-1.
Our Original Glazed doughnut recipe made us famous 75 years ago. Who knew it would still be delicious?
I have a strict 'don't have actual conversations' via text with girls I've just met. It's a horrible start to any relationship.
haha, or the snarl .... gay face!
First Thought: Damn the head must be a monsta
just left
I eat at school lol
Tonight I'm gonna Marry The Night.
glad you guys are doing it again. Will def hit you up later!
Just ran into mr. Brown at the post office. He made my day.
In FSU iPad use study, some students still not comfortable shifting to e-textbooks.
This week & will be on #okcshow to talk marketing in the digital age and more.
I apologize in advance for anyone who has to edit my research paper tomorrow.......
#ImThatPersonWho over thinks things way too much.
how can you do that to us?
RT : funny account to follow:
Always know when to walk away, no matter how hard it may be.
Oh my I feel like an old old woman!
whoever is hating on u want the life u have thats why they keep starting shit with u
I didnt know it was your bday. Well happy bday beautiful
Keep calm and wear Vlados.
Experiencing awful customer service from ! Argh!
YOUR A DORK.
My computer messed up so I'm switching to Mom's other one and I gotta get blood work done tomorrow it's gonnabe a long night for me. *Sighs*
best ever
Follow my Freinds! and THEY CAN GET YOU 100's of FOLLOWERS!
How do you use your JD’s the most often? Do you make #homemadesalsa or do you use it to spice up your dishes?
is that recent?
grand opening is sat. the 19th. discounted rides & free hot dogs/sodas! come on down, eat & enjoy the sun on the bay! 562.5GO.2HYD
I love when you can look back at your life, know what lessons you learned, and think #whatthehellwasithinking?
hahaha...well then pass the strawberries!
We love you! What a joy to see you in person. Pls come back in November!
Tonight, I bought my wedding shirt/tie, played guitar for 2 hours, and found my missing Royals hat. I am punching the sky so hard right now.
Since David Letterman swore off tweeting, I feel I must fill the void
Yes, but the reps will advise u on how much ur saving, in both time AND $$.
It's over now. I am one with the Timeline....
it happens, there are many people that just can't keep up with my wittious banter...yes thats a word now.
if its C10 Frontier, see u there ;)
Warrant had already been issued for Zimmerman per
#hth2012 Yan: giving great talk. Looking at dynamics of Web media / nationalism and heritage. "Bottom up" is not always pretty!
first week of school was a success!! Now to work on English II projects... ._.
I haven't seen her. Do you have a link to a picture or her twitter? I don't get why people have to be rude
": Can't wait til my show this weekend. Me and my
If you obey all the rules, you’ll miss all the fun. ~Katherine Hepburn
how many times over the past yr have you been solicited by attorneys and agents to join the concussion lawsuits?
Now I know that its okay to be afraid as long as you show up.
Happy Egg Hunting!
There is the
- very good thanks! How about yours?
Whew. Long drive finally back home I need a shower!!
thanks guys. Means a lot, been a hell of a day.
My 18 month old loves
A 5 shot lead with 1 to go. #Tiger to close this one. How sweet it is!
BABOOM BABY WOO SHELLY DUNCAN FTW
we knew. Fag
Sabato's Crystal Ball lecture from this past Saturday's MTTS event now available on U.Va.'s iTunesU!
Be careful, don't get food poisoning there. Watch out for Vandersloot
#GoAwaySnow You are not welcome.
Hi Okto it is great to hear from you. Best to your family and Popo and Luna cats.
LOL. It is! XD That was the song me and her were obsessed with for like forever.
It's a great day for a walk!
He makes me smile! =)
Make #Highland proud! Go Big Ben.
Social Media Reporting – Improving Social Media ROI On the internet social network advertising and advertising has grow to b
i'm at home..
SO close to 1000 followers! RT the #musical #Theatre love!
WHAT WHAT WHAT how did I miss that post?
He's Just Not That Into You
Well, last minute seat upgrade put me next to Euro-guy who needed a bath 3 days ago. Karma, and the universe, laughed!
"I just need mindlessness"
Support the new artist ... check out (Mackeehan) songs on YouTube.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!14
#CBJ defeats Phoenix tonight, 3-2. It's their first three-game winning streak in more than a year.
me two!
Competitive research - not only about SEO. Call them, and see how they handle their sales process.
are you gonna chill with us this weekend bro?
Hey guys! Have you already follow ? Quick Quick! She's #sweet and she's following back.. :)
sounds like the locker room
Dont get mad when a girl cares too much. You should start to worry when she no longer gives a F*CK.
My blood pressure didn't rise at all today; I wonder why?
hey man I want to say happy birthday (whatever day it is LoL) catch you on the flip side
you're so crazy andrew. up late on a school night
I killed a lot of trees and spilled a lot of ink today trying to be a graphic designer.
LOL @ ESPN's headline announcing Lamar Odom's departure from Dallas "End of an Error"
sent, thanks!
Ugghh she irritatin the mess outta me cuz I actually like her lol RT Tami is doing the most. For what tho???
Saturday - think I'll wander...
yep but not on me
I wish i could make her one less lonely girl <3
Parents: why are you going to bed so early? Me: well there's nothing els to do lmao
I'm ready to be off work so I can have some Olive Garden!
Any suggestions for companies that handle estate sales in #Indy. (Northside)
Would you be open to having others from the agency?
Its on Campus, you still tryna find a job? and we can talk at Dinner G
oh yea almost 200 followers plz follow
you know it's really cold when your eyelids are freezing.
Nah. Hopleaf is great, but I was referring to Transistor. I keep meaning to check those guys out, but always forget.
gaaaaaaaaaaah i didnt realize it was so soon! and yes i do... crap! we can talk about it tomorrow :)
our NEW website is almost complete!
Same account. Nothing changes except the name, and it will change across the system.
Comlimentary(FREE) Skyy Vodka or Pyrat Rum Drinks from 9pm-1030pm THURSDAY at SUEDE Lounge in Old Town Scottsdale. Hottest Thursday in Town
We live in the era of smart phones and stupid people.
#2222 do u like the hunger games?
Found myself a power outlet to charge my phone on campus!
reported this morning that Browns will wear Brown at home.
Dont even feel like he wants me anymore . He act's different but whatever i guess . He the one losin out
lol well i made kitty a twitter, so when she tweets me, im talking to myself in a way, so i try not to respond back LOL
I would go with A as well. Boredom is contagious
#Fcat next week...
Good morning. Twitter :)
And yet, they drink out of the toilet...RT Dogs have the ability to taste pure water, but humans cannot.
These are exactly the conversations that need to take place!
let the past be the past and don't judge a book by its cover
you are welcome..:)
Stryker Sonoma Winery & Vineyards Here's the original article from Sunday's SFGate.com .. 47 minutes ago · 1 ·LikeUnlike · Comment · Share
Batata Harra at Mezza Grill in Culver City is the stuff of dreams. So, so good. Perfect Tuesday topper.
#OomfNeedsTo txt me back
Poster is uploaded for #mlanet12. Yippee! One thing off my checklist, so many more to do...
I'm with Bill on this.
Recruiting #promoters in #SouthBeach. Contact me for more info: facebook.com/DerrickHiggins
RT : Geekdad assembled 100 of the top, must-follow geeks on Twitter. How many of these guys and gals do you follow?...
Last night's dreams involved turtles, diving for bodies, a dying woman named "Frances" and mountains. I'm tired.
well hes lucky lol. But how much are those tixs behind home plate?
What progress, you ask, have I made? I have begun to be a friend to myself. Hecato, Greek philosopher
Yeehaw! In less than 2 hours (11 am), the gates will open on Pensacola Beach!
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions i would bake biscuits for every housing project in America!
Are you thinking of making a trip out here?
WHY! WHY is HSM3 a trend topic?!?
Ugh My abs hate me and my decision to try Pilates yesterday
Yea! Whateva! Discipline or not, ya'll would of still got whooped. But ya'll definitely need help w/ taking ass kicks like men.
Thank you so much Glen=)
#EveryoneHasThat1friend that gives good advice
try new York!
I saw this kid at the store who looked exactly like Childish Gambino. Oh my gosh.
enjoyed attending the Ed Hardy VIP Pool Party at Planet Hollywood last night. The food, drinks, music, fireworks, and helicopter were great.
Handled that!!
- i need help wiring a surround sound system that was given to me. anyone want to help?
Elementary school changed over 4 years
Happy National Condom Day The only day you have to wear one!
no problem. Where did you end up going?
You ain't a Pimp nigga ur a Fairy .
Why did you give minnesota a run?
amazing :D
Ads are great. Stories are better.
Thanks for being a fuckface tonight
Lmao! I'm fareal. Ima make her text you !
Going to watch the Saints...Who Dat?
I hope that's true. In their 15 years here they've never been given a truly fair shot to succeed off ice.
which ones off rare your favorite
jake Arrieta been dealing this year but orioles can't hit w/RISP,
"Stop complaining!!" Why? i have a reason. And besides, Austin is 16. Old enough to hear my opinion.
I DO!
The trail is dusty, The road it might be rough, But the good road is a-waitin' And boys it ain't far off. Bob Dylan "Paths Of Victory"
Espn and McDonald's in the mornin
I *think* I found the line in the sand: if you don't like Calvin and Hobbes, I'm *pretty* sure we're not friends.
Beautiful give & go! Go BC!
or just a sign you were in Kansas City.
differentiate fun from engagement. Not always fun - to trivial a word. It's about flow and engagement. Gee.
If your stomache/ fat hangs out while you ate wearing a skirt, please have some class and don't wear it. Or some self respect.
i pretty much just told my crush i like him.
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend who will be your Maid of Honor one day.” <3
Omw to Denny's w/ the moms. TML <3
there's got be some midwest talent we can get down here..get the ball at least rolling a bit.
Reverse week starting out and union station, now were right at the corner of mass and north cap opening at 11:15
I will still never buy a KIA
RT : has been to Falkirk, Strathclyde country park, Southshields and tomorrow at sun, snow & everything
Merry Christmas to all of my Twitter friends!!
Lol So Yuh Wanna Be Funny. Now.
i really hope you choose me as the fotm i love you so much! xoxo
Huge win for the Cats! Top 4 seed in the Big East tournament and a double bye...Everyone shut up about us being on the bubble
#askAfriend What's the last thing you texted hannah? TWITPIC IT
"Forgive me sir, he killed my parents."
Knicks will #beatboston on Friday. Don't argue, just accept it.....
at the cincinnati symphony orchestra. love the
Thanks for the mention!
The HCC forum has been great so far, the HCC has been asking some great questions of the candidates.
Of course. ^_^
That's a really great illustration style!
Ha! Emailing this one to SVH. Cause I'm sure you didn't mean me
I'm saying RT : Damn. When they start selling UNDFTD at the mall? I'm late
WTF??? Rep. Cantor calls law abiding citizens, guaranteed the right to assemble in protest a dangerous mob? and Cain calls them stupid!!!
The weekend is here!!! Why not hit one of the many beaches close to NYC? Here is a list of a few beaches all accessible by public...
Why do some men find their honor in the humiliation in others? -
Thanks!!! So happy they're loving the mermaid vibe!
I was. The vagaries of youth…
Its On The Video Lol .. Bt Its In Mentor ...
Pretty much dying one the inside but oh well
I just don't trust y'all women out here
3 grown ass men picking up dog shit: embarrassing to our species
I would LOVE to take you, but i had previously planned a weekend trip to lake arrowhead. if they make 2nd round then ya :D
would love to know what you are hiring for and if that might be a fit 4my skills in seo-grfx-mrkting-creative
Proud of you, Mr. President.
What is up with the sound on Big Bang Theory?
DEF had some great times at the <ST > Christmas party. going in the books on that one. good seeing everyone & glad we had the fun. Back to t
Done with classes for the Semester! Now it's time to get these finals over with next week
we expose ourselves to scrapple daily! ;-)
thinks she brought CA weather with her to NY, and CA is now stuck with NY weather (according to countless angry weather updates on FB). ;)
I'm keeping it!
lucky u I lost everything and starting over. Damn iPhone being stuck in reboot.
amazon is teasing me then! AH
don't swear at me!!!
Good luck tonight to , and the whole gang at ! Paint it Black (Tie) event is sure to be a rockin one!
made my day. (Thanks!)
Hi Kale, - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
RT : #VCU and Richmond are #'s 1 and 2 in the country for all time wins as 11 seed or worse in modern tourney era!
Hm, bored with perfection. Well I guess that's a pretty diplomatic way of looking at it.
Marketing & PR firms- have your clients inquired about mobile? We have a white-label solution that delivers content, mobile-web pages and g…
I hate it when people say that they're fat in front of me, but I'm clearly bigger than them.... Awks.
but a better player? Might have to package both Rudy and OJ to get a star
Why Use Gas fireplaces Instead of Natural Gas Fireplaces | Heaters
I'd retweet a pic of that..
I need a nap... Haven't had an actual nights sleep since LAST Tuesday night 😖💤💤💤💤
Trying to figure it out.
Why do people have such stupid names on here and Facebook?
yeah with the nah nah nah yatti yatti ya lol
ah congrats that's awesome!
What is UP with people using samurai swords in attacks? It happens in Brooklyn more than you think....
It's gona b another long day
no she's not!
and Joshua have been married 24 hours now!
too many videos to watch but i will catch them all sooner or later but you are great
nap would squash him. Lol
you are one..of thousands I'm referring to who don't know any songs on the mixtape,and you didn't spell it right so stfu
Looks like we will be in Italy March 2-4 2013!
yeah, yeah. 'cause when you write a press release, you shouldn't ALSO put an email for questions.
Neil kicked it in! NO GOAL!!!
Alright yall, who's jazzed for Mayweather VS Cotto this weekend?? Im throwing bets down on Floyd Money - hoping for another sucker punch! :D
"you can't out train a bad diet"
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan of Justin Bieber, Austin Mahone, or One Direction, yeah... We just can't be friends. Get a life.
Thanks! It was fun! RT : I just saw you!! I want to eat that pasta right now!
thank you.
Idk sometimes im asking why do i need to hurt like this and cry alot.
I have tragical thinking. My actions will take down the world.
"Jiro Dreams of Sushi" was magnificent. Go see it. I practically held my breath the whole time, I didn't want it to end.
OMG i didnt realize you were one of the Stunners!
Not saying whether or #rhonj won out tonight, but I'll say this: someone just said, "I read the In Touch magazine."
Where is my fucking pizza
Y U NO STREAM >_<
Friday March 4, 2011. Join is for an evening of dancing at Mission Hills Country Club's open house. 7- 9:30. RSVP @
51 Digital Media Resources You May Have Missed
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Breath Remedy Floss Holders and most oral care products.
whoa that's awesome! Congratz! Our emac students are so urban. ;)
Cool! What town is it in?
My chicken nuggets taste like tuna
6 MORE DAYS OF SCHOOL LEFT FOR ME! How many days does you guys have? :)
Of course, 1 for my cell phone, maybe 2 for good measure :). And Indy - although we went down to S. IN for canoeing.
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be @ the Shops at Rio Grande today from 10-3: 4022 Rio Grande NW
Please stop promoting your own program and address the session topic. Thank you.
and I got them! Thank you very much.
Baby Camden is here!!! 6lbs 4oz and 18.5 inches long. We were about 4 weeks early, but Mommy and Camden are doing great!!!
Happy 83rd Birthday, Che Guevara! To hell with those CIA rat bastards who took you down, comrade.
Great game for the #spurs tonight. Keep yall updated next game!
Get the newest Real Weddings Magazine this Sunday The @ Arden Hills Resort&Spa Msg for complementary tix
Tonight we launch all 3 selections at the Jacobs Center, 7pm with & Alan Brennert!...
injured groin from last game still bothering him, I assume
getting down on a Carina Round remix right now....
There's caffeine in coca cola, pepsi, dr pepper, etc. And don't forget those 'energy' drinks. :-)
Yes. You must. You haven't tweeted much lately...
im running there right now......
Thanks, Linda!
4 ACES GRILL appreciates the follow!
i thought it was hard
Weakness is merely something that we Pillar in life! Never shall it inhibit you but more easily show you where you need help.
Email, blog, tweet, FB, skype authors for free or on the cheap to connect your readers or students!
both politically & practically asking middle class to sacrifice while wealthy take more & more isn't fair
what up fam! Changed my name...holla at cha boy!
By starting my backchannel tweet with , it won't appear in my followers' feeds unless they're also following
Lebron led the team in every statistical category.. If his teammates would have showed up they would have won by 10
hope your shoot goes well. :)
They did it!
WIll get on this asap
wake yo ass up!
Does anyone know how to restore admin control on Windows 7?
everything is gay
A big thanks goes out to for all of the hard work that he put in to the OSBLN as President. Best of luck going forward!
No argument that #Purdue will be good w/o Hummel - just don't think they should be ranked that high. Top 25-Yes, Top 10-No.
Thank you. I know what comes through me. :) Yes, it seems that we both share freely with those who seek (and find). Blessings to you!
#NP Justice Pandora Radio
ok. feel free to DM if you need a hand after the call, i'm currently following.
Can we blame the bad FT shooting on the earthquake?
don't have any reccomendations for you, but happy to see a familiar face on Twitter. Congrats on the new computer!
I'll try not to but sometimes it's just too hard to resist
Awesome! RT : join us for our 1st #bealeader chat May 3rd 7pmET Confidence Matters is our topic w/host
At Honda Center to see the Ducks vs Wild....
ps who wants to gimme some adderall? ill give u kisses.
I love this Change and Development Quote: Learning is like rowing upstream: Not to advance is to drop back - Chinese Proverb RT
Did you take that, Nice!
laid off by Slate and #SteveJobsquits from Apple. What next? Obama decides to become a Canadian?
THANK YOU! RT Have a great opening!
So close to breaking my diet
Waiting for my brother, but his dumb ass has been looking for his car for an hour in downtown Portland. He left it there last night. JFC.
Ridiculousness. I want to go to there.
BUT I'm not a mean or rude person at all. I don't want y'all to think I'm angry all the time. Just get heated when I'm passionate about some
I think you're confusing UK with UCONN.
wow good to know
#GOP LEADERS are like "VAMPIRE CAPITALISTS' forced N2 HIDING bhind dark lies & #RWNJ delusional CINOs(Christns N name Only)
what about tab+h keyboard shortcut to jump to your Home page, the "assigned to me" view?
Everyone and their mammas loves bud light. 
Hint for Tuesday’s deal: It’s great if you don’t need creatine, carbs, or sugar b4 a workout, but still want energy and help with reco
You have an awesome day too. We're working on that this side of North Texas. *hehe*
This is why I come to you.
Thanks so much! :) tell some friends about us! :)
Have a good weekend everyone!
Arrived & getting settled in
follow?!? I love how pretty you are!!!!!!<3
Happy Easter! #Blessings & happiness to everyone!
we start Tues. after Labor Day
Awesome..Thank you. If you are in the Nashville area this Friday, I'm playing at Two Old Hippies from 5-7.
Thursday fun: Music, beautiful people, outdoors. Earth Day 2:30-6:30. Free. hayesvalleyfarm.com
LET ME GET MY DULESSSS!!! :P
You have a boyfriend. Quit flirting with other guys.
The habit of giving only enhances the desire to give.- Walt Whitman
Damn. Missed our cue. That last one scared the hell out of me.
Oh haha yeah I never go over there unless its for whole foods 😁 lol
Good luck for tonight at the Beeb. I really am very envious!x
The "Vote American" billboard is SO not cool!
I'm not sure, but I think flyers already went out to the convention organizers, but I'll have to check!
nice! I saw your pics and we must have been five feet from each other! Really great show - I loved both bands.
Especially if you're doing them! XOX
Thank you for the follow... :)
and his color changing condom lol.
This dog Took off wit my charger slipper and when I tried to stop him he knocked my ass on the floor bo
You know that we ball at the OMAHA MAL!
super excited about the new logo. Cant wait to have it on the eco-van :)
welcom to the twitter world Mr. Sam Jack!
Would like to see some brilliant Halloween t-shirt designs. thanks.
I'm gonna go with smoke on this one or it would be cool to see Austin win
Why is summer going by so fast! Plz slow down.
Rotary ski day at Mt Hood is January 17 2pm-9pm. Lift tickets are $10 and half go to Rotary. Hit up a Rotarian for the hook up!
So I CREEP ...Yeeaaaa Just Creepin On The Down Low ...
we had to temporarily go off the air. We are hoping to return to the airwaves soon. I will keep you posted!
Im even inviting people to !
"my first tweet," said new
I'd rather see highlights of Magic Johnson and Jason Kidd in their prime running the break than some dunk from Gerald Green.
and everytime that we ... oh ... im more in love with you.
:D I Can't Go A day without Listening to #BubblegumBoy Love it!!!!!!!!
it's almost like basic instinct but basic instinct is better. If ya haven't seen it get it watched xx
Is TV teaching your child or are you? - Dr. Chuck Wiliams
Any truth to the rumor that Coach Scott has declared today "opposite shooting hand day?"
#FF #Patriots working to correct the error; Obama, our
Good morning! Rain outside and coffee in my mug. Yay!
Prayed over a group of prayer warriors today. Ready to climb the mountain, pray 2 their Lord and come back down 2 take a city in Jesus name.
Meaning…I am old.
: Mark down March 28th - 8PM for my round at with &
Long-time employee killed by #BishopFord Freeway wrong way driver. Story by tonight at 9pm
CINCO DE MAYO
that's my socal cocktail recipe
did you watch #LawAndOrderSVU??? craziness!!!!
Good morning winner! “: Good morning world!”
Q4 Never been to book club. Maybe think of it as a meeting. Start & end on time. Stay on topic. Keep talk relevant. Stay on track.
Congrats Jeremy! “: Hell yea! “ Just won the trade show pitch ($3,500) at the #SSAC. Love you
The Photosynth is very cool!!!
Oh hell yes! some Disturbed and lamb of god!
It's crazy that while everyone's sleeping, the other side of the world is at work and going strong. Crazy how big this world really is
have a good day at school;)
Hey , what time do they stop serving #hodags, I can't remember.
www.TheSportsLand.com is wishing everyone a safe and happy #4thofJuly !
Why don't you place a pic of yourself as your profile pic??
you could change the connotation! My little sister as a baby called me "s." Strange language acquisition, I guess.
true...but I see a Cajun coming in the not too distant future
whoa, not a great launch.
THIS MUSIC GAME IS FUCKIN UGLY
My dad's selling the truck! :(
and he refuse to acknowledge that it was hypocritical despite other heat fans telling him that it was.
Gettin that #FallsCreek volleyball body ready?
ever since 1d my emotions just been idek
It’s Trivia Tuesday: Name the host city for the 2012 Teaching Professor Conference.
- Just now saw you're moving to Amsterdam. What for? Semi-related: I have an old song called "Damster" about my short time there in '92
The Bare Wires we SO GOOD on Thursday!! DAMN!
it will hit you ten times harder than it hit me. One day you will feel my pain.
God loved the world so much that He GAVE....
time is an illusion
Are you drawing me cookie monster? ^_^
Illiud latine dici non potest - You can't say that in Latin
The world is a hurricane and is at the eye of the storm
Dark #chocolate is high in antioxidants. It's good choice for a #Valentine Day gift.
Teenage girl with a rat tail and fanny pack riding a scooter down the sidewalk. Only in Portland is this hip.
If you can't keep a conversation with me when I text you there's no point in talking to me at all !
Phillies win and the #sixers just tied it up.
Apparently my twitter updates are offensive.I would give the finger to those who agree but I am a lady & its a Church day.Have a blessed day
*of course hannah cause i fucking love you
omg yesterday was his candle light vigil and like every one was crying even the principal and his teacher
cool wallpaper! nice video!
Israel wants peace AS SOON AS Muslims give up terrorism and murder of innocents. Isn't that in the Holy Koran or did you forget?
Really wish I didn't have to go back home tonight.
"i wish it were as easy to forget you as it was to love you"
thanks for the love...Makes us happy that you recognize the difference! See you soon
#Word RT If you let people frustrate you through social networks, Then you're not ready for REAL life.
momma mclaughlin in town tomorrow...still cleaning for the event.
Ditto. RT : I am three pages away from freedom and i have nothing left to say.
I started working on a new short called #AGoodFriend :)
i might come in today
It's about time you realized the mistakes you made.
Ugh take a fucking shower ya hippie!!!
In so hungry lol thats that fat stuff
TFP means TIME FOR PRINT!! It's not hard to firgure out! I shouldn't have to wait 6 months for pics! I will not go away until I get my pics!
Who cheated on who now? #cheaters RT : You cheeted on us :'-(
Check out the video I just retweeted.
Hear Ye, Hear Ye: End of Cinderella the REAL album will release NEXT WEEK!!!!!! iTunes to follow.
Fat tweet.
Garrett's Popcorn in ChiTown is off da chain! ...Can't wait to get my fingers orange and sticky. :-)
I bet Messi is crying right now hahaha
Thanks! Done :-)
Cant wait to hear Gus Johnson call the NCAA Tournament this weekend
loved seeing u tonight! Need to repeat this more often!
Good night rain! good night moon!
lost cell phone - panic setting in .... not good ...
How limited is that Ashley Wood Bertie?
Looks like Ron Paul is winning in Iowa. Keep going and bring it home...
YUM X
Wtf what is going on
Is dreaming of a common language today.
WE ARE MAKING THESE!!!!
oops. I'm sorry it made me want to die a little bit. But it being long enough to see your pretty face twice was a plus.
I know it's great!!!
What's this I hear about an avocado with an edible skin???#huh?
cf was humbling today! squat cleans and split jerks...
Let's get to the root of the problem, here. Humor vs. HumoUr. There's another colourful debate.
There is no such thing as a #child who hates to #read; there are only children who have not found the right #book."- Frank Serafini
I'm in one right now at North Bowl. Will let you know when the next season starts.
It feels so weird watching everyone go to lunch 😒
Interesting I write in my profile what I like, people respond and say nice pic... But there not what I like lol
any ideas? RT Tweet ur dorm room recipe in 1 tweet w/ at least 3 ingredients. Submit by @ 2pm EST Fri!
LETS GO NATIONALS!!!
that's what we always do haha
thanks for the Jim Beam. Hope you rip some shit up again tonight!
-Thank you for your bountiful support and for sharing your creative, authentic music. Enjoy your day, luv.
RT : According to NY Times Apple, Microsoft & Google currently sitting on around $90 billion. How about invest some of that in Japan?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: There are two kinds of divorces - the kind that preserves the family's future and the kind that destroys it
I hate when people have spell issuess.
The countdown is on for American Idol. Tune into Fox for an all new eppisode.
No plans this wknd, like always! I have absolutely no social life :(
I would at least said my number was 867-5309
Your opinion doesn't matter enough, that I would stop liking the things I like. So SHUT YOUR MOUTH.
I already got some tho, I keep them nice my vans are wrecked tho
I just bought dayquil & mucinex DM i was taking robitussin but it wasn't cutting it
Might be working with Kirstie Alley shooting a video tonight how awesome!
Well off to school..
child please!! I love the thank you note segments and pros and cons. When ya don't got cable, ya learn to ❤JimmyFallon
Those dang E2s were all ways a bit twitchy.
Thank you. You know why she is pretty? Cause she is so freaking awesome, and she knows it
Stay tuned for our annual benefit program! www.leodys.com
I am so excited for Sister Wives!!!
Since he never touched it, is it really his ball? RT : Bill Buckner baseball from Game 6 of 1986 World Series sells for $418,250
Interested in: ( ) men ( ) women (X) food
heck yes, I'll keep you warm all night :)
-- Hi Kim, sorry for the delay. Responded by email this morning. Can we get on a call?
Thanks for answering my question Stan, unfortunately I missed most of the answer. Anyway, I graduated with honors from AIP
hoping next week will be better..cant for this weekend though!
Wow! What next, Egypt? Which way forward? Please choose wisely for all our sakes.
Cannot wait for my new Cadet to arrive. Love Tom Bihn products.
Here's your nose hoe, I found it in MY BUSINESS!
Glad to hear it's working.
the fact that a small generation of ppl on twittr could be unaware that "Titanic" is historical fiction is an indictment of our times.
I agree
Hi Ruth, my family+friends are ok (they aren't close to Christchurch). The whole country is in shock. Thanks for the well wishes
judging off your looks I'm surprised you don't walk in the room and snatch the attention of everyone.
That would explain SO much. Let's go get or something sometime soon. Or like, go to
I don't know what is less enjoyable, watching the #Pirates try to score a run or being hit repeatedly in the face with a hammer.
At futsol practice, watching Connor do his thing!
“: Are you a fan of #AmericanRestoration? Tune in to HISTORY now.” No it's pure shite.
