let's record tomorrow at 11. You think you can get up early?
I love One Direction. That is all.
Inspiring to hear!
RT : Csikszentmihályi: tech is made by the powerful, corporations and govt; not a surprise that most are socially regressive
Hang in there Champ!!!
i don't even know what it is...for some reason my phone doesn't like the link..
Yup, it was "Without You" in Italian.
First Tube
Wearing my improv pants to improv class. What makes an improv pant and improv pant, you ask? The built in diaper.
Highly recommend America the Beautiful 2. Watching it now. Great doc on America's unhealthy obsession with thinness.
#taxobc content should always come before IA. -Mike Doane
wat club's should i hit this week got 4 outfits for the week
RT : Fail fast, fail forward (progress), fail better. - Erik Qualman
what are jeggings? Jogging leggings?
Watching my kids grow is amazing :) can't believe my baby girl will be 3 soon and my baby boy will be 7 months old next week!!!
Boarding in groups now...
DID U HAVE FUN TONIGHT!!
What did the painter say to the wall? One more crack and I’ll plaster you!
you're a Pipt!
Time to assemble and smash once again.
How in the hell are all these WR going before McNutt. Iowa's conservative offense killing his prospects.
I saw reports on Twitter about rain at the Festival of Books. That also proves the DANGER of social media. What I call eGroup Think
About to go live on Kruser to talk about the KDA audit.
Life that is what's happening.
Always a great day when the Bears win!!!!!
kevin harvick lets get a quick caution so we can race to the front, you moving up in point since lot good car wreck
I will be asleep in all my classes today
thanks man! haven't updated in a couple of days working on some new stuff!
I don't wanna open my mouth cause my retainer is really ugly... Lol no taking for me today :)
kay! Thanks(:
Lots of sales lead followup calls today regarding #OnlineVideo, #VideoSEO & #SocialMedia needs. Happy Valentine's to me=)
N bed watching 's princess frog-the things we do for our sick children. My daughter says, I would wish on a star 2 never b sick again
Wow, did the Denver punter really just do the "point to the sky and thank god" celebration after a mediocre punt that ended in a fair catch?
great article on #UWEBCconf and !
don't be that guy
Good night, beautiful people. May you be blessed with sweet and wet dreams. Smooches.
703 followers yay love u all !
Pens games they'll kill you!
Thanks to all who stopped by our #AWP booth! Now, time to read all of these submissions...
Oriental store, he we come!
#SuperBowl 35 still had the best half time to date.
I can see feeling weird, but I don't know that it's "wrong" per se.
thanks. Brady's podium is packed!
the twitters user do vote but it's not just modeling it's also acting and traveling and so much more fun this show is big
Harris County DA Debate Tonight! Mike Anderson v Pat Lykos! - Houston Chronicle (blog)
hahahahaha ok ok
it get routine after awhile. tml now tho. im about to get off bro
Happy Monday! How was everyone's weekend?
Just a few more days of the Yellow Tag Sale...swing by and check it out!
im there for a week. I get to Seattle this Saturday and I leave the next Sunday. Come up!!!
I'm hosting and this weekend. This is going to get out of hand. Fast.
yea , wut bout U ?
I can make rain stop If i wanna, just like my attitude.
yum! I love pubs and I'm Cuban ;)
There should be a Tumblr that puts beards on EVERYTHING
it's on thanks tho
He hates me now, my parents are about to hate me soon... maybe i should just piss everyone off.. then ill be able to die alone.. yayyyyyy
Can anyone suggest some new games for my #iPhone?
In ThE Grocery Store
So this Galaxy Nexus is pretty much the sexiest thing I've ever laid eyes on.
You better grow some sort of beard.
she was really good they were not fair with the scores blessings :)
yea u r
your superhero name could be Ginger Boy. And maybe your power is taking peoples souls to make them like a ginger? Haha :)
yay! What cat?
Im one happy bitch lately ;)
Still feeling full and in love from Cochon yesterday! What a great event and congratulations to Alex from
Disconnected from wifi for one night and it drove me crazy!
HAPPY 4 YEARS IN BUSINESS TO US! $800 Class for a LIMITED TIME ONLY! Call us (248) 477-5548
,Do you have any locations in downtown Denver? I enjoyed my stay @ your Minneapolis location.
Special gratitude to all those who serve this great nation. We will never fully comprehend the sacrifices you make. I'll never forget.
#LIS415 cataloging is driving me sad and crazy. What the hell are the differences among a field tag, an indicator, and a delimiter?
Mels, for future ink in LA you should check out Velvet Grip on Santa Monica. Todd is a pro's pro. Pretty piece, btw;)
just kidding. Good for you. “: ??? Really?”
We now offer Business Card Magnets, Car Magnets, Vinyl Decals & Lettering, Etched Glass Decals, Car Graphics & More-Contact us for info!!
Hi We're staying downtown at the and looking for a good brkfst spot we can walk to. Recs?
coachella. I'll be there next year!
Giant panda gorilla dub squad :)
Thanks for the following! Greatly appreciated!
It'll still be a party.
and I love Sky Blue Sky. I'm way biased though.
just found out that dolce vita is open for lunch. hooray!
is this real life?!
you shouldn't put things like that of twitter...at least the person who is likely to smash through ur window is away! Skype? X
"PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie" www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ Produced by SABRA ROBERTS YOUNG, President of TAF/TP
Yep, green clouds mean hail. Went by fast though.
Only ONE spot left in our Kids Yoga Teacher Training Course which starts tonight at 6:30! Still time to register before we close it out!
Choco chip cookies or sugar cookies
egg and cheese sandwich
Ok here we go
Happy Birthday !!
There's 4 or 5 people I love having classes with but not one class where we're all together except lunch but only on wensdays :(
Welcome to Twitter!
#raw10 Shakespeare said, To be or Not to be, that is the Question? Well, I say, You are What you are, that is the Answer!
Living the DREAM!
I don't even have the brain power to think of a good title for it.
I'm not hating on michigan because I love the wolverines but why are they seeded so high!
#WhyDoIAlways Fall For Your Type 😔
Success as a eye care manager. Lose you ego and ask for help when you're in over your head.
lol omg ultra and twitter!
that movie scary
I'm hurting and wish i knew someone who had the fix I need :(
didnt give me a hug todayy :(
Lady Gaga just arrived to the #Grammys in an egg!
Got two job interviews tomorrow so happy..
No desire to study today but it must be done
As soon as I finish my masters I'm going to take piano lessons and a photography class.
I aint with the bull , so this aint bull - you a weeenie I bet youu be layin on your meat !
hahaha shut your mouth! will I see you tomorrow?
I dislike both equally for different reasons LOL I'm looking forward to #CLIPPERS beating #Spurs, though.
You do! I think.... Dark skin . Big Butt (no homo) . huge smile . Acne
A life without dreaming is a life without meaning
Third time's the charm for Ed Reed!
Did you send out a video for yesterday?
Ah thx! Amazing the number of birthday wishes you get when you threaten to unfollow 12,800 followers. Haha!
omg rofl literally
Why have I not learned jquery sooner! SO much easier than javascript.
Bobcats to interview Patrick Ewing for head coaching job. Does Jordan realize the NBA doesn't have a Rooney Rule?
Cant wait!RT : My Mixtape #DEWEYBOYZ Coming Soon!!!! Hosted By
Gorgeous dress
If I had a time turner, those term papers would be graded, but I would have less hair and more wrinkles.
I refuse to be a woman's problem. Especially if your own problem is YOU
In one month I'll be in London. Yes.
great day with the family! - now just have to do this shitload of work
no problem! :)
I know I'm in the country when I have to dodge beer cans coming out of the truck in front of me.
I Need To Be N Bed... I Have Important Ish To Take Care Of In The Am...
Silence is golden lol
Cant Wait!
Obama says light bulbs aren't sexy. I disagree. I have a red one that spins. It's really sexy. Not about to replace w/his unsexy one.
meh. typical. fonts=expensive.
Such a great story arc.
Saw you last night on our way home. We were about to yell, but the light changed. SZ was hoping we'd turn around & go back.
02 November 2011: Today is the deadline to bid for a world's fair in 2020: It is Brazil vs. Russia vs. Thailand vs. Turkey.
a salad of Cleverly Farms greens tossed with only olive oil and sea salt would make that a meal!
Just got here!! Mania is ordered!! Fiance bringin snacks!! All is great!
Why do I do the work that I do? Because of the freedom it gives me.
THE BAY STATE. ANGELS AND KINGS. 7PM. oh hi new york city :)
It sucks to be a person with a virtually endless memory. I can never forget bad things.
Laundry, coffee, (maybe) a trip to , then for late night with Krishna.
: "With on a tour of Salt Lake Cities' finest kosher vegan sports bars. #applebeets" Go Myq!
We can open just about anything you can lock. Service calls start at $19.00
YO HOMIE,WE IN ARIZONA WITH DEEZLE HE WANNA SAY THANKS FOR ALL THE LOVE..NO4 ft.DMX & DANI STEVENSON "TELL YA FRIENDS"
I found out another former high school classmate is a librarian. What is it about the water around here?
Haha! Ditto. Actually, need to find which box it is in first ;)
Meet me & Ali at food lion 👍 oh yeah
Welp...No Crutches = No School
i dm you back
if you're a fan of THE LAST FIVE YEARS, then FIRST DATE is something you'll dig. GREY GARDENS is next!
Custom T-Shirt idea: Google That Shit.
yo! who's performing tonight? LOL. I'm so out of the loop.
I can hit "pause" on it if you'd like. I got skills. :-)
Now #hdsholiday, onto resolutions for 2012... ??
The "desktop" metaphor has been around for so long, it's hard to predict if "cloud" will still be a thing in a few years.
What makes presentations go viral? Here are 7 Inspiring Facts and 5 Tips
Have anyone seen the X-Factor tonight? Young Rachel Crow voted off & always tried to act so grown up but proves she is just a baby tonight
We'd all be closer to getting along if we were all able to see a doctor.
Smooth Criminal <3
im such a good friend, im getting a phone case!!
What's happening May 18th?!
This Friday night, students sent messages to Gilad Shalit on a big birthday card. We won't forget.
Need a nap before tackling that drive back
Since it's the early worm that gets eaten by the bird, sleep late.
#UMD beats Maine 5-2... now faces Boston College for a chance to go to the #ForzenFour in hockey
same, but what's an alternative term that would help lawyers understand what we're talking about?
Gtown flat bill.
Pandora + J Dilla's station + A 12 pack of Guiness + building UFO's + A whole bunch of other shit to do = a very intersting afternoon! ZOOM!
where you from?
Run, training for stairs, then kickball. Starting my week off right =)
Missing Home
Yes it is difficult but if it were easy my kids could do it. We all need to work hard to adapt faster and better.
Spread the love Monday March 12th by getting you and a friend milkshakes 2 for 1!
The Stonemason! A play by Cormac McCarthy
I don't see why you're still following me on here yet we aren't friends
#Imagine You're standing in front of the mirror, Harry comes & hugs you from behind. Harry:"You're beautiful, can't believe you're mine."
Headed out for some course testing. Hopefully I'll have some pictures to post tonight.
Lmao spelling correction breaking dawn
There is no going back for Libya!
I wish people would stop supporting terrible music
sweet! btw i have work in culver city mon/wed if you want to meet up either night :)
Lol I only got three gurls number in my phone. My mom,cousin,and my bestfriend!!! I don't need no other females number. I hate bitches
is open for business....well, they're serving PBR. 2028 E North Ave. Check in.
crazy awesome!
Really ? In Denver, 20 people are stranded bc you overbooked a bus & now they can't get home to their families.
Haha I'm sure we will hear it 100 times in Vegas!
Just got home to see my bracket got Folked up while I was gone! Time for side bet action now to try and cover my losses.
curled up in an arm chair . I could probably fall asleep right here, I'm THAT exhausted and this chair is THAT comfy.
perfect! Looks great on you. ;-)
Ever seen a Chihuahua run from a grasshopper? I bet you'd laugh too...:) ROFL
Spent today marketing and promoting my business. Tomorrow will be a better day for new business.
When wack ppl hv more followers than me <<<<
I really do not feel like being nice tonight.
Congrats to our #BostonMarathon team on your hard work and dedication yesterday!!
me to! Lmao
Conserve energy: How would you feel if someone turned you on and then left?
word! its going to be epic
Gettin and iphone 4s for christmas(: #yaabuddyy love u mom and dad
what station? No tv here - but might get it via blackberry
well, i don't understand.. and i'm just gonna go home and be bored by myself.. i'd rather be bored with you! ugh.
Improve core strength and leg tone by doing single leg squats and deadlifts. Sets of 10-15 should do you just fine.
Very excited to go play trumps golf course here in long beach, gonna be a treat.
omg he's so big!!!
In other words, you're a fair weather fan.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate you look way better in your profile pic lol
Yeah, I guess I'm the only M. Bennett fan too. I waffled on what TE to nab, but like his upside and youth.
with our integrated cloud platform we provide the entire stack ready to go on in minutes on an cloud server
haha it's okay. And yeah I know, I'm so ready for school to be over.
happy birthday fam
you're two hours away from home! I miss you and I HAVE to see you :)
Nagamura just Charlie horsed there like no other. Those things hurt like a mother.
awww you are amazing!
Show NO love, love will kill you...
Formulating a new lip balm! Any suggestions on what kind of ingredients you would like to see in it?
cool we'll be there July 15-22. Hope we can tee it up!
Sweat her, that's a no-no.
Huge thank you to , , & for joining us today & supporting #Nationallabday. You guys were awesome!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN!!! &heart;
i know there is a mini snickers somewhere in my desk drawer and i can't find it! arrgggggg
Thank you so much Tanya and for a great interview.. is excited to share your stories
The true joy in life: Be a mighty one, be a force of nature, my life belongs to the whole community.
Hey friends. I just uploaded my new lfifestlye video with my pool & luxury estate. I also uploaded my 500K video. www.youtube.com/cashmast
It's so nice to have someone serve you. all the time!
Vegas funnies
thanks for the mention!
Who is this
agree. #WorstFeeling no matter what level you play - losing Sucks! Should make you work even harder though.
I will cry if I dont get a birthday tweet : ( thats litterally all I wanted ALL day! Pretty Please?
They don't believe they are cooler than me. Related, I wear ties.
I did not know philly was this good
last one - ryan adams - dirty rain
#parenttrap such a good film for a sunday!
D-Now at BHBC this weekend. I pray that the impact to the middle and High school students will not Temporary but Everlasting.
Game time, #GoCanes!
We'll try to keep 'em coming! Thanks for purchasing! Enjoy using it :)
Okay, I believe your the fucking mother of the year just as much as your son is believing your act.
Better Business: Be on the watch for online phone directory scams - Memphis Commercial Appeal
Thanks 4 RT awesome show last night #HouseOfBlues #Orlando Ready for Saturday #RuthEckard #Tampa show
those awkward days when your best friend isn't at school and you feel like a total loner.
I know more history about One Direction then my own country.
That's #40dollars I won't have to donate to any Republican to fight your $1Billion re-election campaign.
no problem! video looks great.
We would love to talk to you about a possible position with us. Please contact us at for details.
I was kidding.... Lol
Turns out, you can submerge an #Xbox controller in Ramen and it will still work!
Fred Fiedler & Martin Chemers Improving Leadership Effectiveness
You might try
In Soho. Had to take a bus because the train wasn't running
Man call me!
#GreatestAlbumsOfallTime The Documentary
at the charlotte airport for layover. ppl so friendly here. bathroom attendent said "have i safe flight!" i said "you too!"
sounds legit!!
cole world but im hot as shit does that mean im bipolar
No, haven't seen that one... any good?
and what did you say?
Umm... so I followed a bunch of new people, and now my old followees are not showing up on my feed. Huffington Post took over everything.
Four interim releases of #DuraCloud (prototypes) in 2012, with final release at end of 2012 (production).
Me too. Then you'll enjoy Atlas Shrugged as well, likely for the same reasons. It's a helluva good read.
One more hour to get any special orders for book in for Christmas delivery. Cutoff is 11:30AM!
Good luck sweetie xx
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
YES!! That tagline is a keeper, it's all about wellness empowerment and supporting others on their own path towards balance
Oily Rag: For a cheep meal, crack a few eggs - The Bay of Plenty Times
dan+savage
you still in town for tonight?
A little writing turns into a lot of writing if you are doing this consistently.
Alright here we go Bucks
Ah crap NO. GO AWAY D':
Well that certainly explains A LOT! Quick, someone tell FL!
i dont know whats wrong with me
Sorry homie, memorial day can be my "eat whatever I want day" I go two weeks left.
bring your "A" game tomorrow!
strictly for medicinal purposes, gents.
The Election Prevention Act is an undemocratic bill that undermines our values.
Audit a free acting class -either Monday Mar 26th or Tues. Mar 27th. Call Eric Davis 310-849-8158, email
Hi :) I hope I get to meet you someday, but it might not happen. Either way, I just want you to know that I love you! <3
When I try searching for flights, I often get "Message: Object reference not set to an instance of an object."
: get it Morgan>> lol thanks Michael!!! ;-)
thank you so much, that's very kind of you
start using the scoop with theme from it is the best theme in
who are you going in on lol, its monday be nice to the little girls lol
at least I beat you once!
Hm what to do tonight
why is it that when I play one of my better games, we lose?
...have a school cat, and hire clowns to greet the buses in the morning
Im not gonna teach you how ta act tho
Just saw Courageous with the fam on this Good Friday..All I can say is..I WILL!!
Watching prospects of an active wx pattern developing across much of central and east U.S. come later next week and following weekend
Cool! I work there. Just in case you didn't know. Lol
I'm 100% behind this idea. RT : Dying!! I so 💜 Eddie. Please bring him for the staff pic tomorrow. He can be our mascot
im great family , how about you bro . Wyd this weekend
#WhenIWasLittle i called bananas "boo-nanas"
is on ustream
So glad we can keep in touch this way at least! I love too!
Obama: "We have to reform Medicare to strengthen it." // Gives up on Dems argument that health care law reformed Medicare
California Love!
Gov. Jerry Brown proposed cuts to poor MedCal patients as part of his plan to eliminate a $26.6 billion deficit.
Oh please! You ae a fabulous writer! Own your greatness. Loving it so far. xo
Have you brewed with our kits before? Typically you use the whole thing. If you have noticed overcarbonation, use a little less
refilled my aleve bottle this morning!
Man oh man the pacers going in!
no it looks like shit it's uneven and my hair is a mess today
he was still plenty mad about me having swiped.
its hot as fuck anyway lol but tell my nigga dave we on something tonite
i agree....I was just listening to REAL TESTAMENT yesterday....Dat album puts u in thug mode for a min!
I hope he is! I wasn't sure what to do so I kept driving and called home. Parents said just come on home so that's what I did.
You're absolutely right!
I do NOT like this girl. My roommate does not like that I'm yelling "you whore, go away" at the television.
Seriously. Fuck being rich, my american dream is a washer, dryer, & a water softener.
I agree with Randy, it was barely ok
i will never become a house wife... burned frozen made cookies.
Driving around DC in an SUV has only opened my eyes to how many people are driving SUVs. We deserve every shitty thing that happens to us.
Let's get this game Giants!
oh! Thank you!
all these bitches jusss aiming to please.
I plan to start tweeting here more often.
somebody please tell me what I am hearing about Ryan Braun is false...please
BIG BLUE NATION is proud to have you could I get a rt
Summer is just around the corner!When was the last time you took a long road trip?
... the only motivational speech they need to play in the 4th Q of Heat home games is Al Pacino's "inches in front of your face!" jont.
New tracks coming soon, thanks to members of Mapmaker and Gramps The Vamp for letting us use your space.
nm in chemistry
Today's vet bill for 97-gram cockatiel: $860. That's $8.86 per gram, or about 8x the price of silver.
MRI showed torn ACL for D ROSE. Out for rest of season. :(
Just taught my final class Bittersweet all around: so many wonderful students and colleagues, so much for which to be grateful.
I feel really bad for MySpace, pay phones, and Jason Priestley.
Just finished a six week film acting class with Diane Heery in Philadelphia.
*walksinto kitchen* sorry, i git lost in my thought and was thawing out. *laughs*I
It is utterly amazing how quickly people dismiss things that they aren't familiar with and fall into groupthink.
I'm assuming you are located down south... LA, SD area?
That is weird, are you still in Pittsburgh?
very interesting article. Thank you for sharing.
Is it just me, or does anyone else think the poster looks like Emily Skinner?
Is Austrailian mustard different?
You Take me as I am or you have nothing at all
Confucius Say - A Magazine is a bunch of printed pages that tell you what's coming in the next issue.
Cus you don't tweet me anymore. :(
Always enjoy learning from the excellent
If you have an iPad and you aren't using Ignition, then you are only using 50% of your iPad. Files on my iPad and total access.
isn't Faith Evans a co-executor of the Biggie Estate being they never divorces? It may be the reason 4 the removal
would love to read your talk or see slides.
see that now...missed it first time around.
Goodnight...hopin she hit me wit dat good mornin txt..make my day!!!!
I'll try to restrain myself, but drunk texts are on the way!
And when you step with your anger, I'm like the robot from Lost in Space.
it has been overused forsure, but hey YOLO
How long is too long to wait for someone to get back to you? How about a "really busy, get back to you shortly message" in the interim?
At the PRSA luncheon!
haha me too.Was thinkjng the same“: I never seen so many news about even after Ryan's Grammy :/”
Dear sluts, stds arent like pokemon. You're not suppose to catch em all
Got some writing done so today was a good day. Now it's time for bed.
Remembering that we've made a few really great, lasting connections on Twitter today. Love it!
Up North is partyin what are you doing!!!?
Aki Kurose Middle School students get treated to Ne-Yo for winning National Get Schooled Contest.
A business pitch, a community keynote, a 5 part corp internal mtg, a business plan comp't + training = a great coaching wk!
Damn I miss the 90's
It's very interesting to observe the mind set of lesbian women on relationship issues. You seem very secure in yourself.
Interview style is the best - but never give questions beforehand for more spontaneous answers.
Saw Breaking Down tonight :P I barely like it :/ I want to c part 2 now just want to finish see the saga but I had a great time w/friends
This....sounds like a trick
RT : Life is difficult, but it is not a chore. Make it an adventure. Make it fun.
dude tat moustache suited her a lot....i m just not sure if its a real one
How can you miss the #orioles game today?
Don't miss fresh52 farmers market this morning! The weather is perfect and the produce is amazing!
I'm framing that ish. Chick looks HOT as a bastard.
I just called my boss 3 minutes ago and told him......... I have been at the doctor all morning with my mom because she has Granulariogle...
Ditto. Super embarrassing. RT : I'm so embarrassed for everyone on this show, but I can't stop watching.
19 pages... You just gave me my night read. :)
walk away for a while - take a walk - meditate
NEW YORK RANGERS WIN!!!!!
That sounds like an owiee! I need my thumbnail as I still use a blackberry. Were #cusswords shoutedv
Remember that old PM Dawn song? Aint it funny how some things, completely turn around?
Hell yeah!
Dispatches from VR - I like the New Vegas factions game design of closing of faction do to your actions, rather then Skyrims do it all.
Apparently was a marathon here today.....in Denver. I knew about the Chicago. Safety for all.
I'm creeping on you, creeping on Phil and Cory.
cc RT : honestly man, writers bring it every freakin' day. #ff, like, all of 'em
I can't wait till I can get my own dog
Fck, I need my nails done.
Several Multi Family Houses available in Honeoye Falls, NY..sought after school..Beautifully maintained..contact me for details
Marv your an idiot lol
lol we tweeted da same thing...im n da,library
Unseasonably warm weather has me feeling apprehensive...like we are building up weather debt and will have to pay it back ten-fold...
Kenny G and exhibition ice skating on TV...my world is complete!!!
Going to watch The Hunger Games for the second time with
Are we going to hear about RGIII demanding a trade, because he doesn't wasn't to play for stupid organization?
Fine, are you a student in college. If so..what is your major?
im glad someone feels my pain
so glad!
“: Rihanna to pose naked in Playboy? Hmm...” hm
I think we are going to see five year engagement by the same producers as bridesmaids. hope it is even close to being as funny
love that Chicago crowd chanting lets go
YOU SHOULD!!! AND ALL OF THEM I CANT PICK PAHAHHAHA
omgg. leviathan. im scared :$. compared to behemoth? makes me like cry LOOOL.
Just stopped at the I-40 Kingston exit & got a mocha java chiller at the Sonic
Don't underestimate the awesomeness of Mah Jongg!
I wanna hangout with my Mexican side of the family 🇮🇹💃
thanks for the mention!
Today is the day! #Digitour #Orlando & get ready to do it FLORIDA STYLE!
Just answered the funniest Research Snippet question: "Does the sound of other people chewing fill you with rage?"
Did you know that most Celestial Seasoning and Bigelow Brand teas contain soy lecithin? Check their websites to see if your favorite does!
come! We're a really friendly group.
If U wanna talk to me just do it
Hi my #1gunner happy Valentine's day Sweetie
Who has heard of #cante?
#FF You stood tall these past weeks during the passing of your Grandpa Phil. I am very proud of you.
hey what's goin on
Today in 1940, FDR becomes 1st & only presidnt nominatd to a 3rd term. 1st took office in 1933; would go on to 4 terms. Born in NY.
now I'm going to NKU
First thought: FYTUKGLGUYFRFEQGB... but the coherent thoughts were basically just of inarguable and absolute love. Gorgeous.
CRASH: Vancouver @ Lombard in North Portland
Next time somebody try to act Hollywood on you, and you know u the next to blow. Just say 2 urself "I'ma b that mudafucka"
Woken up by a 4.0 centered in El Cerrito... time for coffee.
It's been on for 8 years and it's the last episode ever.....
What nourishes me, destroys me. -
Getting things ready for the next Mobile Indiana event on May 2nd. RSVP starting early this week!
haha. I hate the idea of sixteen and pregnant. thanks though.
You're kidding....geez.
If the Sox can't win with a position player pitching, they don't deserve to win. A-Gon was a complete no show except on defense.
rangers win 3-2 in OT one more game and the #NYR go on to the conference final
The Big Ten may be expanding - what do you think of a new university joining Ohio State's conference? Let us know your thoughts-join us !
to the window to the wall... ;D
Do mad cow prions show up in milk?
Move to Buffalo and home gets first Snowfall...
#SocialMedia + Social Causes = Incredible Potential.
RIP NY Knicks.
Just read some of your blog - you write very well! Very Unique style - keep it up
hahaha.. exactly! but naptime may be in order. Or just watch-tv-internet-waste-time. I do that all too often
How to create a LinkedIn profile that doesn't get you into trouble with your boss twurl.nl/wpci7o
Yah teeth yellow....👎
Here we go...disrespecting the President.
Ok LSU is for real and the SEC is a solid conference. BUT #USC Will soon be back. I really want USC/LSU matchup!
First time in a long time watching the morning news. All it is bad news and weather.
can I get you a #jakelocker jersey for Christmas
Jenkins was drafted.
ps lets get a net gun
Are you referring to Tugg? Basically if you get enough people to RSVP for a movie you want to see, provided by Tugg, they
thanks for the RT
8.11.11 Food 4 Thought:" When you put faith, hope and love 2gether, u can raise positive kids in a negative world."
Yes because he is not demanding the best out of those guys!
Ima ask my dad if he can take my sister and me to the plaza or somewhere since where bored :p
I think im not single
#UWSocial is a house of brands working toward a branded house.
We see a growing energy gap: Devices that do more; batteries that can't keep up. Low-power devices need lower-power displays, no?
IF CIA WANTS ENTERTAINMENT THEY SHOULD READ "PYTHON" at least they will learn to be worth their money for any woman
The Peanut Buster kind? RT : How long does it take to make a fuckin parfait..
I was on a stroll to the old block(s), It's been a min, but damn I know a lot of people! lmao!
RT And of course public sector jobs have decreased since took office
Inspired by reading "Pacific Rims" by I watched Billy Ray Bates play with the Blazers in 1980. Should have a post up tommorrow.
that's because $FAST only went up $20 and $AAPL went up $200
RT : Cannot thank you enough for joining us at #BarCampTampa! Thank you for supporting our community!
Must be "bring ur fat pig girlfriend to the carwash day"
Thank You.
from the drought - we are at danger of losing millions of trees in Houston area.
Rain is Expected here in Mesa at about 12AM with Acumulation of rain less than 0.05 of an inch
had the best sleep of my life lastnight ! r/s i feel so well rested
meditation is my #1 goal for 2012! thanks for the inspiration
When I see cotton I want to see white space - plain and simple. Should be a no brainer ;)
Man you smoking some ill crack saying that. LOL...
Thanks for your concern :) It actually snowed on us!
Sure; I'll get you something. Fun meeting you at the Nonhuman conclave.
They still give away Saf-T-Pops at the bank?
Let's do it!
I am<3
Cheating on a good girl is like dropping your weed and picking up grass.
Your best years are right ahead - Text You message today "I have an awesome future - starting today"
I CAN'T OMFG AUSTIN UGH I LOVE YOU. NO THIS IS PERFECT OMG OMG OMG
Banana Republic has the best store music. I don't want to rip my hair out with 10min. of being here. Also, nice furniture.
so glad my parents have bad will power
I just cleaned my whole room and lost my phone somewhere ..
Creeping up on the borders of Midtown crossing 75
no bro
I'm goofy ass hell
Online board book system at Georgetown includes IT metrics reports; comes with commitment to develop exec dashboard.
Twitter's been my feedreader 4 too long. I'm back w/ GoogleReader b/c I worry I read the same articles as everyone else.
Question: JLo + Fiat, effective or disaster??
what show or movie was this from??
i would too but my family would flip out lmao
"the computer said, ima charge! She'll throw me!" Lmao. Technology and all it's ridiculousness. :D
Thank-You Jim Sharpe and John McJunkin for the invite to sit in with you on the Sharpe in the Morning radio show today on KFYI.
Bucks vs. OKC tonight. And it's Andrew Bogut bobblehead night.
well goodnight/good morning hun :) lol
do something productive today
Fuck the patriots !! :D
i kno u bout to cancel that bogus trip an come flex wit us on the 19th bruhhhhh
Trying to become a bigger presence social media wise. Will try to tweet at least once a day with updates on anything film and gear.
It's good to know there are some respectful people still around these days..
You have my marker for one. I'm totally good for it.
Lovely weather here at Asbury Park.
I know! my whole family but me for instance ;)
Today my favorite word is jojoba.
Omg watching the new interviews with the boyz is making mw tear up.. :( I'm so proud of them !<3
I noticed that you're only a bitch on days that end with a Y.
Some impediments aren't "just part of life". Do something about them and you can make Scrum really great. Ron Jeffries
My friend just tools me my ass got bigger .... That just made my day
I never regret an ex.. because at one point they were everything i wanted
it's a beautiful day in LA! time for a feature film audition! :)
needs a graphic designer in MD asap; needs to be extremely affordable...I have multiple things that need to be designed! logos mostly, help!
People I'm on.
Thank you, Nick! Job well done.
OH: you look like Daria but in a good way
Thank you for joining us at our sampling party....and great to meet you too!
let me getta short pleas.
A Bollywood music video cover of "Zoot Suit Riot" would probably be pretty entertaining.
thank you !! i love ur icon 2 :D
Do not open DM from me. Twitter account is hacked! If u did open it, change your password.
You're unbelievable
Jacket was a big part of that story, providing the basis for the acceleration in MATLAB. How about a quick update to your story?
"Food is the new fashion, and the new is the food lover's style guide." Today has been a great day for #FeastPdx. Thank you all!
STILL! I'm happy enough to die now :)
#ISupportSameSexMarriage because everyone should be able to legally commit to someone, regardless of how much shit is on their dick. <3
did she pee on your face?
Their show at Revolution that and I caught was amazing. Most dope vibes. Felt like they were just jamming and having beers.
But srsly I hate when people act smarter than they actually are
My favorite comment so far about my video for "Cry": i luv maddie but we all know abby paid thousands of dollars 4 her 2 b in this. Hah!
Last Monday of high school....
Cool, the USA is leading in
If you believe ppl are the key to success then might I suggest shorting #bestbuy stock... Absolute worst retail experience of the year!
Just realized that I'm far wittier and interesting in person than in text message!
It's a wrap! Assisted on a shoot with the World Poker Tournament Tour girls today...
it's alright!
Tiki starts NOW! New cocktails each week! Come join us for what remains of good weather!
My late night walk was not in vain cause I resisted 3 all-hour joints. But if I run across a food truck I'm toast.
#jokes RT Jokes.
Awesome!! Where at? :-)
Ah his name escaped me x)
just finished the last hp & not sure what to start next. thinking of trying a classic. i never read those. anna karenina, maybe?
Wow that was late then xD
Playing tonight at Harlem Avenue Lounge in Berwyn with Pistol Pete and Sean Carolan!
The MusicCares tribute to Neil Young features an amazing set of songs performed admirably by fellow artists.
Refs are determined to ruin the playoffs. Lebron has 13 freethrows on first half.
please don't lose me in the fog
Wondering why people collect lighthouses that were made in China?
I love , but please, quit saying swag. That shit is so played the fuck out.
Oh well.
Stressed and nervous. It's not a good feeling, wanting sleep to make me forget the world.
I'll check him out (:
www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic bringing u good music
Not a good welcome home present :(
does that mean you are coming back?
I miss you to! Cant wait to see you!
I'm ready wbu
Stay tuned for our Freaky Friday Free for all sale tomorrow. See more on our FB page at www.facebook.com/LVHCG Lose 20lbs in 20 days!
i hope somebody can take my shift on friday, i got a doctors appointment.
I wonder if Jordan Williams wishes he was preparing to play a basketball game in Puerto Rico right now.
2012 Movies Preview: ‘Twilight,’ ‘Hunger Games,’ Ryan Gosling and More (PHOTOS) Now that 2011 is officially over, it ’s time to
Proud, as always, to be an Eagle and looking forward to work at the Heights on Monday!
With that being said. Join me and tonight at LDO's newest spot "Suite 21". Dress to impress.
Duke Syracuse in the first round
ah man ur my favorite neighbor. Thanks
thunder storms and I don't get along very well...😣😢⚡
Todays been a loong day . Tomorrow going to be long to ! But ill do anything to get done .
you mean Matty punching Tim in the face? I don't approve!
I miss ya sickning butt. White girl!
nice to meet you too:)
In Post Production for Footsteps!
what would your masters be in? And good job! I want to go back eventually.
Going to Brown Rice rehearsal. We just came up with this drum break and we have to perfect it. WIN2010
which song by them!? :)
Mavs gettin swept this year sorry pop
It's Saturday. I just want to sleep in. But no.
Cigarettes, too. I don't see a whole lot of people referring to cigs and coffee as 'drugs', though.
Heh. I guess I'll hope so, too.
Sitting next to the Mohn broadcast center with the nervousness you feel if you are in close proximity to a celebrity, eep!
The strength of the Constitution lies entirely in the determination of each citizen to defend it.
Hold me close til the end of the road.
I finished my short story :)
snuggle time! haha
word! I'll probably do two or three
Got a sweet parking spot for today's debate. Think it is an excellent omen for ! Will be live tweeting.
Well, what do we expect from the "Rich Rod" era?
Hail? Where are you!
perfect I wouldn't change a thing
Hahahaha 😂 you don't need to do that! But, you should deff come to it. 😊
It's ok with me though because I'm gonna still say what I wanna say!
if u RECHOIR immediate assistance
Thoughts everyone? RT : Which is more important: raw talent or work ethic?
One of our teams, , is headed to the Championship! Good luck to our 2nd team !
need a new tweetcon but also need a cool picture
But at least I could go to some games. Houston is far ;-)
looked at the names ahead of us..we're in more elite company than i thought..now i'm feeling honored more than anything..F/S
I made 's lamb meatballs for the game... Delish, but not as good as when she makes them.
can I bring a lacrosse stick on board?
Nothing much ! RT : what it do
woooooooooooooah! How's the talk, BTW?
I wish
me too, Fbook peeps are not as supportive imho
wtf is Justin Bieber ♥ Beatles #1?
#Wheniwaslittle I was so into trying to whistle.
OMG! today is my cuzin Ryan's bday!!! Ah gotta call him!!!:$
Wish you were here... seriously!
I wish just one of my real life friends liked the same music as me... You know how many show's we'd go to?
Checking in tonight at Spy Bar!!! Chicago's #1 Sunday night party with Chicago's very own DJ Mauricio.
Did anyone else think that last episode of #californication was more series finale than season finale?
I can't live without your Flexible Hold hairspray. #ImSerious! It smells GREAT, feels even better. #makesmefeelpretty! Thank you.
Tryna decide if im gne stay here till 4:}00 or am I gne leave now....IDK if i want to wait that long
Or Adalius Thomas? (half kidding) RT : #Packers now have room to sign one tryout player or undrafted free agent.
Keep purple in my cup cup cup cup cup cup cup .
Exo is in the US, right? Sweet.
We love it when it's freezing cold and snowy one week, and sunny and 65 the next!
Lightning Field is VERY high on my bucket list!
Love hangin with these guys n group. So much fun. I'm learnin a lot about life, relationships....and farts. Yep, it's guys night
Game Runners, Gaming the System, Playlist
“: good morning” Good Morning to you too
All I want for Christmas is Jordy Nelson!!!
thanks sending some love back to you
Is it just me-or once a #Pisces writes you off-its a DONE deal? I can be in the same room with u and not speak a word.
I'm #winning because I got to wakey up next to you. Missuuu
Travels with Charles: this summer enjoy over 20 titles by or about Charles Dickens. www.audiobookcontractors.com
Imma burn mine in the yard.
Why I love my job: I am currently gathering scholarly resources on March Madness for our library blog
it's in progress but I got sum moe shit fa ya bro
RT : The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you. ~John E. Southard
Ditto. RT : Holy sinus migraine, Batman...
he follows me on my other account not this one(:
JUST KIDDING ABOUT THE VIDEO SHOOT lol...ill do it next time =) and i have earth science today so i gotsta go to class lol
People in my office are always talking about it. I'm thinking about starting it as well. Keep up the good work!
"A journey of 1000 miles begins with a single step." Lao Tse, 604--531 BC.
Oh it's going, I am still sans job, but am going to the demolition derby tonight, so who cares. I miss you too!
The ESPN coverage of Wade shouting is NUTS. Expecting Matt Millen to weep "If we can't protect our Spoelstras, we as a society are pathetic"
I love cooking with wine. Sometimes, I even put some in the food.
LOVE the jewelry findings. Where'd you get em?
i can make you tap out in two minutes easy
in Kansas City for the 100 Paintings ago Art show
happy birthday !
i think of the two grumpy old men in balcony of Muppet Show when you complain. Spoiler: you are not that way IRL!
Shout out Nick Young man
nicole on #xfactor must go. what a bad decision maker.
woo hoo! I saw her speak about two years ago and still look back at my conf handouts!
I'm near occupy Portland. Some police wearing medical masks to keep out germs.
Happy President's Day! We hope you find time to relax today!
Cowboys or Giants, who will win?
Holy crap do I love Dion Waiters.
thanks. Gosh I hope it isn't true...
I moved on my own... great opportunity found me
i would bring some watermelon if you allow me to come over and swim. (;
I'm eh
#solution Geothermal Energy - Green Heating and Cooling Solution
omg is that like a "for president" suggestion? Or like everyone catch and murder suggestion like "KONY 2012" ? 😳
You rock, Amy! Stand strong!
We think that is pretty freakin' special. You'll agree after you hear him #singit 2night at !
lol! Oh I didn't know that... Id pitch a tent at the lake front or something
"Just win baby" lives on! Great win in honor of a great man.
Thank you for the warm greeting. I expected no less.
It's very easy to define, art that is made now.
10,000 steps a day is recommended. Can't reach that yet, start with 1,000 steps and add more as you build endurance.
Sorry about the angsty rant. But I'm in career-mode, and it seems I'm only given a limited amount of time to do these things.
Starting to see Michio Kaku every time I turn on the TV!
OH: the goal of IT is to make technology related friction disappear.
Yes, in Detroit today, but back to Rochester tomorrow. I'll have to check out the gallerie next time I'm home!
// Dozens not hundreds, bandwidth would be equal to airports. If sponsored costs could be reasonable.
Just had a discussion on public perception of basic social sci--how to get across our equivalent of "electrons -> cell phones."
Started a new SUMOSURFER painting last night, started a new screen play this morning and sold a landscape this afternoon.
Thank you! You're a big part of this project!
why am i awake
you stuck up too? : dont flatter me.
no fucking clue
Congratulations Carolina Panthers Fans !!! : The Panthers ranked first in the NFL for the 2011 Toys for Tots toy drive!
I was seriously about to ask you lolol. Umm well I might go I'm not sure. Thoughts??
Don't know why, but it bugs me when digital media students send me docx files. I'd rather have html or even pdfs.
Don't you feel better? I told you my church hugs have healing powers
lol sorry for interrupting your speech thingy
: i agree well nice chat and good luck! Im going to sleep
hailey tell 'em baby, my dad's lost.
thanks a bunch!
I hate cigarettes. In every way possible.
you guys all looked fab! What's your fav wine? I looked on the website too.
I didn't have wings. The chicken egg rolls are of the HOOK!!! RT : “ At Duffys” is it too late for some wings?
I concur RT : ok... i'm long past over any April Fool's jokes by now, but that's funny.
We have school tomorrow? One more week please...
try out of the blue on Wyoming and paseo
“Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.” ~ Helen Keller
RT : The #1940census records were released online yesterday! What was the US like 72 years ago? Sounds like something...
Watching NYPD blue, much better action than the game tonight.
love it!
#312techie im back on this on. I have used this twitter account in the longest time in the world.
Omg done with high school in 9 minutes!!!!
#SocialMediaTip be intelligent always
you are so welcome! We are so happy you like them.
Greetings on the Feast of the Meeting of the Lord! Saint Silouan Orthodox Church: The Meeting of the Lord - Mozilla Firefox...
I won't hold my breath waiting for Boehner to laud you as a job creator. ;-)
How did 5 minutes go to 40?!
#GoTribe 1 week til Opening Day! Hope to see ya there! #GoTribe!
My wife makes the best from scratch hot cocoa.
Dude I love Maroon 5! You look hawt on The Voice!
"Enlightened enough" as a target... Kung Fu Panda Taoism and the odd text from your HGA
The money and pressure ate him alive. I'm saying had it not, that's 5 yrs of 30+ HRs and a diff story.
jammin all day, every day...
late start but studying thru Luke and 1st John
Do you have plans for tonight? , Armitage, , and all have reverse happy hour tonight!
#BasketballWives- Showing up to ANY business meeting unprepared is #fail. when showing up to any meeting, be PREPARED
Avoid rice, potatoes and breads?! What kind life is that? *cries*
Was paying obscene fees for merchant services-switched to Flagship & saved lots. Can give you contact if you DM
I'm starting to like Joseph Gordon-Levitt a little too much.
Poor Poor #RyanLeaf ...
GUYS. TALK TO ME!
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.~Yogi Berra
Everybody in the world keeps waiting for 2007 Game 5 ECF v. Pistons LeBron James. It's 5 yrs later & lightning hasn't struck twice.
Today will be productive. Today will be productive. Today will be productive. Today will be productive.
Tight now and if he gets broken it is DOOMS DAY!
gonna be watch secret life on netflix now <33.. now thats not complaining is it?
lemme know if you want to go after school, I rescheduled the van for tomorrow cuz all my help is beat
I want a Havanese puppy 🐶
yes - super good!
Only a cat food maker would call gravy "the best part of any meal."
back at ya!!
Serving on the corner of 6th and walnut
how are the rays so far? Luke Scott if u didn't know is one of the streakiest hitters you'll see..I'm a fan up in bmore
Hey Guys. Something new, little Bitches ?
If your a doctor the bio boys are coming for you
Okay, I've retweeted everything of interest to me...Good Morning Twitter heads
balls...can't recall any other particular.
"In The Dark" next at 6:41!
I'd just like to clarify something: dubstep isn't music, it's noise. WUBWUBWUB!
Glad you liked it, too! It's so beautiful and well done, & put me in this indulgently melancholy/romantic mood for a good 48 hours.
So If Bama gets our O-Coordinator, we get their D-Coordinator? Isn't that how it works?
Now baby tell me what's the deal Put the games aside I'm just tryna keep it real Ready to put in work on a relationship <3
Info sources are uniformly less trusted (-10%) than in 2005
Reading about homesteading. Wow my life is so not like that but would love it to be! Learned how to start seedlings better!
Aw, so SWEET you are, sweet AND grim...How CAN one be BOTH? :))x
love you photos!
DO THE HELLEN KELLER AND TALK WITH YO HIPS
she know she could have waited
what u doing??
AUSSIES: VMA's are on MTV on the 29th of August 4pm. (:
(Socrates=Process)+(Technology=multi-media)+(Newton=grounded)+(Eistein = imagination) = Combine all of the above (we work hard 2b hdtvedu)
Thanks for following Kilowatt Electric, Heating & Air. when your home needs help, call us we care! 818-780-0701
how sweet of you! Thank you so much :) let's get this day started! Hope yours is great too!
why do you hate the Rangers so much?
Shout out to my new followers @ team follow back!
*saturday* - bake sale is Saturday...I think I need to go back to bed already...
Right ? It's beyond the obvious we've known for a while... Something else brewing, entire industries / identities wiped away.
that's a sad situation! That let u no that the law is all screwed up
chugging the coffee today.
Thanks for this weather. Our Weather Guru! Hope your allergies are done messin wit ya :)
School is so depressing!!
Nobody puts Baby in the corner.
I need 2 help get intro FB page app that automatically collects emails from "likes". Can you advise? thx!
Great way to end the night. Good night, everyone. <3
People should know that having an smart phone doesn't make them smarter!
happy birthday!
Congrats we're excited to see you at
That was a pretty piece of riding.
Anyone have any tax questions and/or need an estimate?
Sometimes you gotta say IDGAF, about what ppl think, how they feel or what they're saying! Fu*k em'!
A train...you're the bane of my existence.
Even though I was hoping the 49ers would win, seeing the excitment on their faces of the Giants was just priceless. Good Luck Pats & Giants
So excited to celebrate 's graduation this weekend!
Digesting everything that I heard/experienced at #sxsw Blog posts will be up soon.
no like seriously! I got there right before the bell rang :)
Why drink and drive when you can smoke and fly?
It's trivia tonight at who's coming out to play!!
RT Tuesdays at Howl at the Moon. $1 beer, $1 dogs, $1 burgers. Show starts at 7:45!
Sure thing! Great piece!
your the only reason I look cute at school <3 thank you mea
Everyone knows who i dont like & ive made it clear to them both so im cooozie!.
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: McGraw-Hill, Nokia, Apple, Google and Microsoft
Today I bought a six-foot-tall giraffe. Life is good.
RT : Looks like Demi Lovato is going to be the 4th judge on - this should be interesting. Story developing...
Today, everything is suspect. Everything with a ™ is highly suspect.
And I'm watching jersey shore to feel better about myself.
Happy convocation day to all our incredible faculty, administrators and staff! Here's to a great new academic year!
Goodnight Twitter:)
My old dog has some new tricks
seems like that video isn't liked by many people. But then again some people thinkbits funny. Hahahaha I found it funny though.
Help me get 10 more followers? RETWEET!
What will Mansfield do at KSU?
O.o tis seems as though thee is reading mine's cranial capacity..#uhmwut? hahahaha why did i go all 1800's?
Thanks bro...I waish more men would drop the pride factor and get they're prostate checked..it saved my life
But I'm not done having fun w/ Super Meat Boy yet. I can play that thing forever.
Glad she let her go!! She ain't worried about nobody but a guy all the time anyways. Glad I didn't tell her what I knew about him...lol!!
I definitly keep my business to myself, sorry friends weren't real friends
if you knit every time Luke whines, you'll be done in no time.
i care. and am impressed.
While phones are getting thinner and smarter, People are getting dumber and fatter.
Tatt's & piercings= SEXINESS... Yumm <3 Major turn on! ... Guy or girl, don't matter lol
I got the hint after 15 tweets. Nothing is in vain.
if u went to the Young Cracka music video shoot for BITCH IM IN THE BUILDING...MAKE SURE TO BRING UR STELLAR RAGS WITH YOU!!!!
Had an absolute blast at #trivia, even though it reminded me how much I don't know
Thanks buddy, appreciate it. I'll let you know when we head down to ATL for some screenings. We should hang, it's been too long!
You Better Belieb It!
what's up hun?
Yeah, buddy! Great Friday night :-)RT: With at DC9, living like it's 2006!
Attn Historical Fiction lovers! RT for a chance to win a signed hardcover copy of GROSVENOR SQUARE!
RIP Whitney Houston.
Whats up and ? What's the scene like in the Shark Tank?
yea... But not for too much longer
To all the people that think i ignored them.. i just got a new phone so now you can txt me
hey you, yeah you I think your pretty :)
I need an agent too!
RT : Happiness depends upon ourselves. -Aristotle
I kno rite I miss u, how everthing goin?
i went from 177 2 189 u guys are so amazing i love u all EVERYBODY
you get to watch goonies at work? my dream job lol
Sell, Sell,Sell
Get over your ignorant cocky self.
Thai lunch with Meris.
i drank waay to much orange soda last night
Really want to follow for their info & updates, but mixing that w/repetitive marketing msgs is wearing me down.
I was thinking abt going 2 Balto Fashion Week, but am afraid I'll b disappointed. Walmart as your main sponsor, won't b same league as
4 hours of sleep. 6 guys in my tiny house. No kitchen=no coffee. Drywall hanging day is STRESSFUL.
My stomach and head hurt so bad :(
Seeing ppl yesterday leaving prom and pictures on fb today is making me feel old 😢
hahaha did you watch those videos I sent you? He a fool
I met you at albivis today thankyouu for singing happy birthday to mee!!!
... my guess is that Ann B had no knowledge, that it came fm Donovan site. Weird. Seems truth tellers get rocks thrown
cringe worthy?
It was so nice when I saw the follow!I love your work-have read every book! Suggest to clients all the time! Happy to connect
TYSM! Kari, I am sending a picture over now to you Facebook page. Call me if you have questions. So excited!
would love to see harrington's fitness. has he played a lot of reserve minutes
20 years ago in library school, my cataloging prof said I would flunk out. but I passed. after we'd negotiated a price.
Elk Bratwurst today! Brownies, Brownies, Brownies w Walnuts of course
Not many people get to capture an image of their own idea lightbulb. Treasure this moment, always.
Hey folks, let #ryanKennedy know your state. Hopefully he can hear from all. |Get Well Soon- from Washington (the state)
Can't believe I was on Better Sex Radio show www.WSRadio.com/BetterSexRadio. I forgot to mention purchasing clothing from BlissConnection.
Did you know...the portable beer cooler was invented in Australia in the 1950s?
I know exactly how you feel (obviously) but I just feel so weird. I havent cared so much about any class since my mine! lol
aw, thanks!
C's win series in 7 with close game tonight and oh, Rondo has triple double tonight.
Thanks to Copeland's for sponsoring Open Arms Lunch today at Scottish Rite and Egleston. It was delicious!!
the question is would sarah accept???
Feel the pump!! Wow that sounded sexual.
People with limp, dead fish handshakes get no love over here.
I've been great, how's life treating ya
": passed stadium bill last night just $100M short" salary cap is $120M, just put a $20M product on field and they're golden.
Premiere roots site dubbed me "The Mississippi Hippie." Glad there's no kneeling-sword ceremony. Those folks don't like hippies.
I saw the flour mill and loved that feature. So unique. I don't usually get excited over an antique.
QoTD: "I hated every minute of training, but I said 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.' " (Muhamma ...
Thx 4 suggestions. We offer the least expensive WiFi in our guestrooms in the city & coffeepots r per request- #Starbucks in lobby!
RT : #TeamTalk ~ Never Discuss ....The Unnecessary With Me.
LoL me too
Josh Hamilton just hit his 3rd homerun of the night!
Turns out that trip to Palomino last night was a terrible idea... going to need a few extra cups this morning at BV
I'm so blessed that i have great friends and family
The gym is overpopulated with creepers! #omfg #saveme lol
Im DONE Wit Relationships FUCK Emmm !!!
Big, strong men are helping move furniture for me at the office today! I owe you & ! xx
#SomeoneIWantToMeet , heck yeah! I'd love to take him roller skating one Friday night. :)
sitting at an open house today. I am ready to leave and start with a nice drink for the evening.
I never fail. I succeed at finding what doesn't work. -Christopher Titus
pick me pick me! lol
RT : I like my music loud. Period.
Looking forward to April and the upcoming #NFL draft, and wondering who the #Seahawks have their eyes on.
Fuck you doe
Have fun!
RT Rex Ryan addresses media: Tebow in "outstanding" shape. Ditto, Sanchez. Josh Brown will be "excellent" comp for Folk.
Found out last night that I'm missing most of if not all country concerts this summer :(
Thank you so much for the mention! I appreciate it!
When he cums to me I am ready, I'll wash his pubic hair if he needs, forgive him when his tongue lies through my pussy.
My husband is irritating me.
Playing uno... i
Nothing is more important than reconnecting with your bliss. Nothing is as rich. Nothing is more real.
Exactly! I have eaten all the evidence...LOL!
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. -Mother Teresa
It's safe to say that Google+ is over right? I can delete that app from my phone. #spring cleaning
What happened to he hasn't tweeted in a while:(
Hey, are you going to see Reggie Watts tonight?
Haha. They're both awful.
#myweakness brown hair, blue eyes!
Repubs. talk morality #uppers But see nannies as a crutch. Yet, They all have them.
Whitney. It so good!!
Catching up on #ABDC and am definitely becoming a fan of Most Wanted.. This crew is ridiculous!
Tired of peoples BULLSHIT!!!
will look forward to it!
Just like a Pats safety, perfect. MT : Don Draper would make a dreadful free safety. Terrible instincts/poor closing speed..
I love <3 but he will never see this...or follow me....
#blues stunned.
If Her Kicks Light Up..SHES TO YOUNG FOT YOU BRO..! c(:
Check out pic from the fashion show on our Facebook page!
So what are peoples predictions on the Germany vs. Japan Women's World Cup match?
RT : Berkshire Hathaway 2012 annual meeting key themes: Mortality, morality and money.
Happy Birthday! I'm glad you liked our card!
Dance for four hours, then shopping with brii then rent show !!!
yeah I got something in the works. I'll let you know as it develops.
Atmosphere with the crew tonight!!!
I'm sure my cart full of kool-aid jammers and dog food spelled out thief.
you have a lot on your plate and it sounds much more important than anything on tv! good luck!!
Attending pre-conference webinar, Integrating E-Books and E-Readers into Your Library, offered by with Sue Polanka.
#np New Day by Jay Z & Kanye
no lie, i shipped a killing joke record to a guy that lives on pagan circle today.
has Petey Alvarez come back to earth?
My published comments on Twin Cities air quality recently sparked this email from a fan: "Your a FRAUD & Government LEACH!"
"It's not ment to be like this it's not what I planned at all I don't want to feel like this So that makes it all...your fault"
#WTFWasYouThinking MTV I thought it was music television what are doing give reality tv at 5 in the morning.....
If I was Jets I would not do a press conference to introduce the backup QB. It shows me that they are interested in the circus.
"like sheep to the slaughter" - Was this just as cliche back in the day?
A dirty swamp cooler system can pose a health hazard. Legionella bacteria can grow under layers of slime and scale.
where's ur next appearance, boys?!
Living on a golf course can be annoying. Thankfully I have a dog that loves to bark and annoy right back.
Good morning #cbus! Sorry I missed you yesterday.
Follow for the lastest new restaurants/happyhours in #DC !
OH LOL I AINT NOBODY JST A N THE WAY HOOD PHILLY NICCA I AINT NOBODY
CIS Downtown welcomes Okazaki family and friends for their wedding this coming weekend.
and my headphones just broke :-/ (is that a sign?) I suppose it was time, they were 10 years old.
#FF Great photographer!
Quit or Limit smoking. Not just good for your health but for your pocket, too.
Thanks for the twitter love! Hope to see you at the event.
and are presenting Beyond the Storm a film focusing on the post Katrina women of New Orleans!
so glad to be home . . . couldnt find a sweeter place. =)
I want to shop so bad! I hate being poor! Watchin #FashionStar is like being on a diet and watching man vs food~
Curious George looks really pissed off in this new Planet Of The Apes remake
so true...
submit your short stories for "Been There Done That" www.mahoganyproductions.com
Hahaha, that seems very clever to me. Hmm.
That wasn't lost on me. It's also a WCQ. It counts. Fans need to represent. RT : ...it's Antigua....
Agreed!! “: The unconferences at #gcuc are awesome. Great exchanges w\experienced #coworking owners & managers. Learn and Share”
wow Ellis plays soccer...(Cool) - no Nodding off...watch & enjoy the practice..LOL!
thanks Q! JphiJ for life!
I've tried to call you like 15 times!!!
mad shout out to i like girls that are hot and speak their mind
I don't know what else Ira Glass can do to make me love him more, then he does it. What a Qt pie.
wow - you know it is recital time when my lunchtime errands include buying hairspray, gel, hair nets and flesh colored duct tape.
stop tweeting abiut this stuff , you dont have to lie. Lmfaoo we know you get no girls
the timing has been tough for me lately. 10 AM is proving to be a busy time. hm....
Ive finally told Shaq who his daddy is ! ITS QUAY! lol
Can't tell which is the swear word here RT : Dammit Plouffe.
why are you the worst friend ever?
as long as no one touches my Kyu bb I'm good
#missyoumore kinda spur of the moment...Went down till late Sat night & came back yest. Don't u have finals??
If you have to ask me if we're friends, chances are we're not.
haven't tried the gumbo yet but will definitely sample it next round. Thanks. Adam
A spider just tried to get all up in my buisness with Spider, you fucked with the wrong creep!
Experience will be key. We got that ;-) #GoSpursGo #TimDuncan Timmmeeyyyy! Nite everyone! :-)
Today was amazing! Got drenched! and had an awesome time! I wish everyday could be like today!
My cats woke me up so early! -.-
u have my prayers and condolences ....
My 2nd movie "The Dictator" comes out tomorrow. I had so much fun working on it. I hope y'all like it. It's gonna be hilarious!!!
You've got a lot of choices. If getting out of bed in the morning is a chore and you're not smiling on a regular basis, try another choice.
can ppl stop talking to me at work this morning
If this website re-design project kills me, I will leave sharky shark to in my will.
and early dismissal tomorrow:)!!!
Holler! Thanks for the follow , definitely one of my favorite new joints in town!
Hydraulics or air ride. That is the big question
For like 6years thnks for listening
So glad that the refs didn't reward Wade on that bullshit flop.
I'm reminded of the Rio Vista Bass Festible.
Thanks for saying that perfectly RT :Talking to one person who hates Girls is enough to make you love the show unconditionally
Love watching the Bachelor. Yeah, I'm a guy and I don't care.Something about the competitiveness of it all.
it's only during the week. But we can still go during the weekend
That's awesome.Do you still talk with the rest of the wives?
*gets her sword* let them comment like that again.
Someone buy a shaver damn make sure you check out the dancing robots in south hall
Deer gawd am I lonely. I need cats. And/or food. Ok both.
We're kind of biased. :) Thanks for the mention. Would love to hear the feedback.
Thanks my g, Sup wit them shows in ya town?...im tryna get out there lets work...Ill plug u out here in salem its nothin
. is new here, but was vital for my move to policy work. #FF if you have a grad degree & any non-academic career interests.
Offerin someone food and secretly hoping dey don't wat it...
i want some Mexican food. dklgjhlfk.
Lets go
Lmao!! Well I'm sorry you feel that way.
Mistake to schedule a meeting at on the first night of Seattle Beer Week? TBD...
can we cancel Friday afternoon finals? This is torture....
Commencement rule #1: keep smiling during the procession because I'm making cameos in MANY graduates' photos
RT : Pls stop buying paparazzi pics of my child... Pls allow him the normal childhood he deserves. <
im just chillin
yes, we did!
Happy Saturday all...make it count...or make a funny story of it at least.
idk I'd get jumped
Ohh 4.05 for gas in Northern IL today.
I want a Christmas sweater, and wear that shit everyday this summer.
how Come Mclane has a better seat :-)
Jobs, jobs, jobs, we have jobs!!! www.trgcs.com/joins.html
We also offer AFFORDABLE OVERSIZE FILM OUTPUT!!
watch these devils they dirty.. show no mercy ya family be cutthroat too...
RT : Leaders from across Tampa Bay #SPCollege for Advisory Board Meeting to review Regional Business Plan.
How cute my boi's birthday is tomorrow, actually 2&half hours. Love ya!
Munchkin Minders is looking for some love - please like us on Facebook! XO, The Minders
RT Day 1 of diet and exercise begins (yet again) today!
good luck today 3
Hey , thanks for the RTs! 'Preciate it.
so glad, my Pandora app knows me so well.
I have sent you an e-mail with some demands.
Hi kelsey.. I love you ..m MMUUAAHH
people arguing with you reminds me of how you nailed Casey Anthony's verdict 5 months before it was read. Ant knows his shit.
I'm outa here bitches
At sanctuate! there's no need to undress or get greasy from massage oils; no need to ruin hair and makeup - just recharge and go!
bah, still haven't booked a place to stay in Windsor next Thursday. got a default/fallback of "Detroit", thankfully
Sweet new credits this week. Plus Desmond!
Agreed! “: Does solitude or collaboration fuel your creativity more?”<----creative people need both.
Your work can have a one hour delay?? Richmond is a funny place...
we are hosting Peter Hatch's book signing #Monticello on Monday. Should be fun, over 200 ppl coming
#RonPaul warned you about wars, warned you about spending, warned you about the Fed. Now he's warning you about the party,GOP. Listen.
Dunno yet. We'll keep you posted.
I thought only men thought of her lady parts as extremely edible.
Cant wait to be inside the American Airlines Arena Tonight. Its going to be Electric . Game 2,
"The life of a man consists not in seeing visions & in dreaming dreams, but in active charity & in willing service." cc. TY :)
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.-- Alice Walker
"bring [ing]about a greater good by doing terrible things" The author of that piece is pretty damn sick.
For those that think Chemtrails are no big deal... why are there so many this week in Chicago? When the weather is nice?
Exams tomorrow I just wanna be done with you.
You want to time? I'm terrible at keeping time. XD And... Uh, maybe a 15 to warm up?
thats hot. You should share some pics ;)
delete/redownload or maybe there's an update?
Plain salt n peppa " push it and dis white folks feelin this shit
Everything is always in the present. We project our present into the future and the past.
try #Flaghouse.com Chewy Tubes - Individual Set #W39470. They have Chew devices. Good Luck
Good luck! We're starting the redesign, but aren't at wireframes yet.
I think you're cool, goof and all :)RT : You don't think so? Really? My mission in life is failed. :(
just don't kick this one until I see it first. I prefer my puppies alive
ya no kidding. it is a mystery to us all! i was sleeping so i wouldn't have cared haha
A chemist says popped corn contains a beneficial chemical, so now popcorn is a superfood? (popped corn != popcorn)
