“: installing” I'm RLPonyLover on instagram.
I've been working on this beat for almost a week now, can't wait for u guys 2 hear it
Thanks for the lovely videos.
To you as well :)
You're not "the shit" you're just shit.💩
Guess you're just like all the rest!
what up cuz?! How you been??!!?? I'm living in Florida now, you still in louy? ??
will you please follow me??(: I love you<3
Foreign grad students are less secretive about needing to have a bowel movement. Ja
Old foreign math professor with chicken scratch handwriting. Oh and we have to do proofs.
My hormones are RAGING.
Talent show at school...today
And then good job, run away. SERIOUSLY?! The cops are gonna find your ass. You must be dumb as hell. Really though. I hate my neighborhood.
you in Spokane?
I kinda had some respect for Mike Smith before tonight. It all went right out the window with the crap he's done tonight!
"If you have built castles in the air, that is where they should be - now put the foundations under them." -Thoreau
You are so lucky!!! Congrats haha :)
I was just resting my eyes at the stoplight
She erased the National Championship game from the DVR.
If you are a #bayarea #restaurant... try Shastic to create a flashy portfolio and promote your specials and events virally through facebook!
back at rose. 3 and a half weeks til christmas break.
Thank you for saying that
haha nah i need it hot 'n ready
Next week is CarolinaChocolateDrops at FridayCheers. Hope alot of people show up,they are a great live band.
Amen...time to slam dunk this dude...
wait, you'll be in Atlanta? Come say hey!
Thanks. It worked great. Avoiding the crotch is always good IMHO.
I think both events ( ) would make a great #Denver #GNO cc:
and & are bringing you 2hrs of #love with sets tomorrow midnight
Victory Motorcycles amp Klock Werks Kustom Cycles Tattooed For Life - You Could Win This Bike - kids bikes motorcycle accessories
we'll give you good price for it as long as we can still drink #Guinness there AL THE TIME :)
Spurs are "doin' work" against the Clippers. Then again, after making 7 three-pointers in the first half they are smart for going post now.
I know - after not going out for a year, probably, I'm hitting two shows this week (thanks to of course)
click below for an insane guitar performance by the Master Mister Steve Vai
is up to talk about as her #emac capstone.
the US vacancy rate for apartment inventory dropped 30 basis points during 1Q12 to 4.9%
you guys are seriously amazing idk what i would do if i never found yall<3 i love yall so much!!!
Asus releases another Transformer ICS update
Thanks for all of the great social media insight!
Got a box of 41 posters from I hope the walls of Baltimore are ready for us...
I lost my number .. can I have yours ?(:
We can only hope. :) #Suikoden PSP Woven Web of a Century
You a lame n*gga gain ya respect up
Bob from that 70s show is jacked I thought he was always fat
yes, but due to Brees having to work for every completion.
NBC is showing figure skating. ABC, blades of glory.
lol!!! What I tell you? His first album was called "I'm gay" -_-
love it!
smarter than having Cromartie on the team
sleep 8th period*
‘structure with a vision’
typically my tour of your spots follows the Ramey. Tonight I'm following the renowned negroni. At
GM TO ALLTHE TWITTER FAMILY!!!~
Ping Pong tourney tomorrow w rained out players, ESPN televises
AH! Physics class -.- Damn it's boring :( Tweet me something and I'll shout your name in my class randomly, <3
#Facebook boosts the size of its #IPO by 25%, seeking to raise up to $16 billion, according to an SEC filing.
Old men stopping in their tracks. My 'shake and wear' clothing must be a hit.
I find that the first weeks are exhausting, then they get easier as my amygdala learns that they probably won't kill me.
you're welcome! i hope it helps x
Slight work
We had the first sighting of the Milwaukee Third Ward urban ground hogs of the season this week.
Dear Microsoft words im Pretty sure I spelled my dame name Rights. Sheesh
:( that's just culinary violence- like Nic Cage Crazy style
They want to show off the new blue turf! lol
I'm all about the Shahs of Sunset on Bravo. That show is solid gold!
agreed. rt ": Jessica Sanchez and Joshua Ledet deserve to be in the finale. Anything else is a shame. #idol"
You know it's going to be a good day when you wake up to the 1st batch of #THE IMPERSONATORS character concept art.
that is fucking adorable if your not marrying him I am
Just spotted my first NYC raccoon. Huh.
It's so pretty and big. The picture made it look small
Let the night begin!
Awww. That sucks man.
The guy who w
DJ is finally crawling!
If you follow me, you should be following
- I hear you, it's frustrating the Pac/Money fight hasn't happened. Def want to see it. Would be a great fight.
This year the Bush Tax Cuts turned 10 but half of America couldn't afford the birthday card.
Country Natural Beef Ranchers here Thursday at 10:30. Come and meet the Ranchers.
Shiiittttt, his hand would be missing today if I had been there. Oops....knife slipped buddy!!!
Just take off your fear, I'll take off your clothes!!!
people you had not known before. 12May the LORD reward your deeds. May you have a full recompense from the LORD, the God of #Torah 39/99
considering they were towing cars I would go with yes
oh my GaGa! whatever
Hey Steve thanx 4 the follow, ur the best:)
It has been my privilege to create the cover art for Russ Aimz' last two cds.
If they put this wack ass mixed nigga in my auction section I WILL slander lite skinned men for the next 10 hours
Is there anyway to improve the wifi in this room?
Pushing for to give a #sxsw2013 presentation about how to deliver an engaging presentation
About to get on Wild Eagle (:
I secretly love listening to songs that have New York somewhere in there. It makes me feel proud to live here. Yes, I know. I'm stupid.
girls with too much makeup on that got them looking like a ghost..so unattractive..
What is a "pants day"?
No heart
How good of a game can you make with #cocos2d and #chipmunk ? How about the Top Paid App right now in the US AppStore.
One treadmill in use, other treadmill broken, and hands down the worst elliptical I've ever used.
#Oy the mustache!
Milton Bradley was the only A's player worth a damn during that series. Big Hurt couldn't capitalize on his huge ALDS
Maria Brenes of #innercity struggle: youth are a catalyst for change. Education not incarceration.
Is it normal , that I don't want to see you in class when your here but miss you and want to see you when you aren't here ?
hahaha I know! I'm depriving my child lol "ya killin me smallz!" =P
I am amazed by the number of eyelash extension offers I receive every day.
$55 lunch. Check. Yeah, it was worth it
Hahha Her bro was here . :)
Interviewing students for summer research position.
ITS ON MY PAGE RIGHT NOW!
So how did tweeting in the corner (whatever that might mean) go?
Coming Soon! Either Touch Screen Tablet or 10" Lap Top for Professional Medical Personel use! Stage 2 HITECH has started.Happy Day All! LPMR
Thank you for the RT Jefferson, have a great weekend.
isn't it annoying that when directioners make a weird trend, everyone laughs and tweets it. When beliebers make one they're like perverts!ah
He's gonna be 40 this year what are you talking about
RT : What a perfect way to start your week, a Dermalogica facial starting at $35 - call now to book your appointment 550-7005
RT : Don't judge a book by its movie. (Bumpersticker)
Just discovered pandora in the last few weeks, so far so good.
Can't wait to see the Thor costume! And the other ones of course. But I <3 Thor :D
We're at the CACI & CCG Cyber Security Event learning about espionage in the cyber world, come join!
#thingsireallycantstand never tell a girl to calm down.
you gay
RT : Be brave, be strong, be you.
Hi Mary! Any fun plans for the holidays?
#5BestSmells new car, Azzaro pour homme cologne, BBQ grill, pipe tobacco, any Yankee Candle Company store
Finally at home!
he has been doing that every game for his entire career
Watching on #huluplus I love her acting & music. Hope she comes out with a new show soon!
I need to get new music.. softer new music XD I've been listening to ~different things. which phoenix album?
LOVE when that happens! gluck!
praying it gets worked out and you still get your oils. I am sure when the see the house burnt down, that they will contact you.
Matt Good left Drugs?!:((( my heart is broken
Party thru it!
I'm not lucky I'm blessed. Yes.
So between the error email and subsequent correction email, that's 16 million emails sent in one day?
Stuck in Miami this weekend might as well hav sum fun..
They couldn't have picked a better musician to pay tribute to Whitney Houston.
Not gonna lie, you're a little two-faced brat.
Sliced Strawberries with Mandarin Oranges...OMG...Don't say I ain't tell u!
I saw that one twice too!
me too, it's one of my favorite albums ever
thank you!!!
Congrats RT : killed it w. fantastic read of 's #newplay. Intimate, gigantic, & razor sharp.
yea but like 2 months ago... I hope it's a girl
i heard they got someone like the iphone wiz out in denver. ima get my shit pimped OUT.
PLEASE follow ! They're having a benefit concert soon with amazing, young artist to raise money for charity!
Off to school. See y'all later.
Happy fourth to all the American funk ninjas out there!
#iftwitterwashighschool we would be the greasers from The Outsiders.
Thank you supporting our journey & allowing us to envision YOUR dreams.
Swear i needa vacation....
Very good call!
You are welcome - interesting concept - hope it really takes off!
Nothing better than a happy birthday message from Madonna. Thank you! :-)
So I now have a team with Ellsbury, Gardner, Morse, Jennings, and Kemp on the DL. Brent Lillibridge is now my starting CF.
Very interesting. Remind me tomorrow!
"What does the dark side of the moon look like?" "Uh, have you seen Transformers??" ahahahahahaha <33
the days go by
Check out www.miracle16.com now and watch 's video "F*ck Haters"
I don't really like this song. Just the main verse. The corus is annoying lol
If you want to, that is, haha.
Jewish Community Relations Council holding annual NoVA Holocaust Observance. Never ever forget.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 54
Looking forward to seeing you! RT : Heading to Raleigh this week for training.
Pretending I am a commuter again, at
Ya imma cry now...
I 2nd what is layin down. discussions R 4 audiences, artists should learn aud reaction from watching the them during show.
Watching "The Client List" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
My son was also born with Tetralogy of Fallot.
Please send me your certificate orders.
love u 2
Got on a plane and stepped back into the 70s. They continue to set new standards for crappy service.
Hey Handsome!!! Nice Pic!
lmaoo what?? Really and i thought mine was heavier
It will be my joy to say "Your will! Your way!" #ALWAYS! :D
For Some Manhattanites, Dishwasher Becomes a Right, not a Privilege A dishwasher is something that can be installed by sellers with littl
The quality of my dot is much better now that it's calibrated and I took the plastic off the lens!
no, 4th play from scrim!
FInally opening Christmas presents. Merry New Years!!!
WEB NEWS: Effective Typography-Driven Web Design
Looks like a lot of characters are going to have speaking roles next week. Will be riveting.
he does sing too?
Ah... well no wonder. I would have loved to meet you! Next time, for sure... What a lovely small world indeed. :-)
Holy badger britches! In the last 24 hrs, Chico and DeValle's tweets are about the #DreamAct and gay rights, #Rahm's are about his birthday!
A grand slam would be fitting here
thanks!!!! That's Nick Punto diving for the ball :)
Good to be back home! #HappyinCLE Hopefully not have to go back to ATL anytime soon and ride the :D Total cluster
If you get stuck...draw with a differnt pen...
I think it's weird how everyone hates Mondays,they aren't that bad!
Thank you Lord for this midday breeze!
Congratulations. You'll do so well there. I wish you the best.
He's much more frightening than RT : all i need is for to get into this...
Hey i came across ur whole lose 20lbs in 30 days and of-course i wus intrigued
no problem! I've sent them love!
please please please please please please please please please please tweet me back!!!! <3 you!
If there are two girls in an avi, the account belongs to the ugly one.
The same stream of life that runs through my veins night and day runs through the world and dances in rhythmic measures
"eating dog food #YOLO" no -.- just no
I know & you seem innocent enough not to do that ! I saw a girt today who took a pic in her s-bra and I was like not cute
Ok ty disregard then
“: <---Got Damnit punkin I told you no pictures of my Backyard... So Hard Headed! Jus wait!” <<<<O M G! Beautiful!
What did you do today to become a champion tomorrow? #AthleteUp!
U 2! RT : Have a GREAT weekend #Goodwill friends:
The staring moment you have at a text... when you don't know how to respond..
We are glad to hear you had a good time! Thank you for visiting us!
lmao the normal excuse
I love you more :D
Inspiration is powerful
Hey Gaga I ador you. You are my hero your the reason I live everyday! I put my paws up proud because I was Born this Way! I LOVE U
How is going to join us this week Capital Studios for #JellyWeek?
can't do tomorrow, maybe next week. Let me check
Butterflies are caterpillars that struggle and come out with flying colors.
turning your beats up all the way hurts your ears.
I called peyton going to Broncos
Act of Valor is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy
"My fellow Americans, if you jerkoffs weren't so different you might be able to see how great I am!"- Mitt Romney
As soon as I have a free day I have nothing to do but when im busy mfs be wanting to kick it 😒
Happy birthday !!! May u have many more years of health & happiness
I don't know why I am so curious to know if anthony bourdain has a big dick or not. Kind of know he is a big dick however!
coulda used a drink tonight -__-
The one I love turns out to be someone I hate
Following just to see if it still ends the same way.
AH! I wish I was with you guys! Have so much fun! xoxo
Little Women has remained a fav. My mother even gave me a purse made out of the book! I've seen the play. I could go on. :)
Our alert on LOGL is going awesome
hotel living, watching Dexter all morning. Every weekend is my weekend off.
Do it now! MOVE! I think that works for the Marines... =) Is there anything I can do to help?
sup im alfred from houston. U stay close to me? Wat skool u go to
Sure! Price of admission is some halal cart, though.
what if i have to use the bathroom. im eating my cookie who knows. xD
Game day!
Every creative act involves...a new innocence of perception, liberated from the cataract of accepted belief. -Arthur Koestler
for thurs view chatting with the yentas
“: I don't know why everyone thinks is trying to kill them. I feel fine.”
...Come in for our Blow Dry Clinic! The cost is $50, which can be applied to a product purchase.
correction has been made, thanks again for the heads up.
87% of #students want to do their best in school. How can you help your students fulfill their greatest potentials?
yeah, apparently i just started working there! :)
I got the worst hangover ever!
Hey everyone! Hope you all are enjoying your Sunday and the weather. Soak it up while it lasts. See you all next week for more great tips
no Julius Caesar
That's right, it's my 21st birthday today!
www.themoaningnews.moonfruit.com is a hot magazine that featured Yhai Portier from Houston. Go team Yhai !!!!
The thought of eating a marshmallow makes me feel literally sick
Hong Kong or New York, will decide after my holiday. Literally all unfolded about two weeks ago...too soon!
Ugh once again KEKE IS GETTING ON MY NERVES!! UGH HE SO ERKIN! SCREEN WATCHIN A**
The blue isn't doing it for you?
I would have bought it but it but I didn't have any cash on me! Next time.
#SLUH #MIZ “: About time #Mizzou lands a Jr. Bill. SLUH O-lineman Alec Abeln confirms that he's committed to MU's 2013 class”
We believe in transportation and trusted advocacy for homeless people at many/most service locations.
Pakistan suffers from narrative of "glorious past, abysmal present" and "new society must be created to move out of present."-
Drinks are on me the next time you are in NYC James :)
Yesterday I literally chased an ambulance in a crazy irrational mommy moment. Today I will give sanity a chance.
I discovered aqua-socks in my closet! Huzzah! I can't stand being barefoot any where.
Please follow back
Stopped in a pocket park to tweet. Yay, pocket park!
Thanks for the FF Michael. :))
Here's my number, so call me maybe!?
": #ThoughtsWhileRunning I hope I don't look too retarded..."
": well thank u then!"lol you're welcome.
Worst sweet tooth right now
Applying what we preach. That's the biggest challenge of the preacher. Writing messages is easy compared to that.
Last nights SURPRISE dinner from TREE TAVERN was fantastic! Thank you
you alright?
and if you fall over the slippery slope????
What other sights can I link my Twitter with to help network further? Thanks
Hey...thank you!
Shoutout to Scotlandville, McKinley, Christian Life and White Castle for making it to the state championship games in Ruston next week!!
thank-you.
Loved the love on your show last night!
Fergie is as ruthless as they come, never afraid to cut the cord w/ any player. No reason to treat him differently.
bringing brownies to my friends for Harry Potter 7
i would slapped my teacher
i hope 2012 is a good year and all that.. 2011 was shitty.
Hope yaw laket fans know its ova for yaw
Vacations, weddings, golf, shopping, dining - whatever your need is - Xona Resort has it! What brings you to Arizona?
John Travolta's Masseuse RT : Sometimes it's best to turn the other cheek. and sometimes a baseball bat to the head is called for.
HELL YEAH
We're going to the studio. Right meow.
I am not going to miss many people this summer. I'm gonna see the same damn people next year.
class about to start so..later.
Excuse me, can I see ya ding a ling, brother? I mean, U kno, juggle ya balls like the Ringling Brothers!!
With the way he drives, he should absolutely be in the top 5 if that stat. He gets pounded and I see jump shooters get calls.
EVERYBODY!!LISTEN UP WE ARE ON A MISSION TO GET TO 100K WE ARE WORKING NOW !! NOW GET TO YOUR FOLLOWING!!
we're all goofy goobers yeah!!!(: haha I love you too and tomorrow imma be telling my jokes. #beready haha,(:
thank you he was 8-22 last time I checked RT Notice how no one said Wade choked at the end...
Sorry for not being on for so long. I've just been going through a bad time.
Good night!!
Question I keep asking myself about Duke Energy's problem-ridden Edwardsport plant, including today: Is the story over? Or just beginning?
Thanks for the RT anyway - maybe it will help my score ;-)
OMFFFFFG MY FAVORITE
Afraid not, the earliest I could do is 8 my time.
RT The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. See I like him too!
& the ultimate bacon for that combo: our Woodinville Shop's Espresso Chocolate Bacon!
Was the printer invented to drive the modern human mad?
Torrey Smith is smoking hot!
Thanks for the #RecommendedFollow!
I immediately thought WHacking day. The Simpsons ruined my brain. mt Today is National #Walking Day!
the highlight of my night was two Lil kids arguing one was saying that Is JR the other one was like no lol
Saw a Hummer with a Vegan sticker. Doesn't fit
Stop talking crap about me because you're jealous!
Thank you, Sarah! I hope you are well too! : )
I don't doubt that at all!
Add me on facebook>>> gina marie castaldi just inbox me your twitter name so i know who's adding (:
#Ifiruledtheworld I'd throw all the money In the air like confetti :]
Will this be picked up by pentametron?
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you slip in the tub and grab ahold of everything for dear life. I actually also look around like somebody saw me.
Artest?? Serious? Ok what size? Ask if he wants anything.
Comb. Comb on over baby. That's my hair style!
And she miss me do much that she pee in the bed
I swear I only typo Twitter names when I try to do
Wedding season! RT: Crashing a wedding at the Marathon Hotel!! Too much fun!
that feeling is even better than any Miss USA crown!! ;)
You're very welcome, Andy! Thanks for coming and supporting a sista in her css work :)
Its friday night im flashin niggas im on my white girl shit
All my tweets from the past month just tweeted..... lmao
Lol let her be, she's too cool just like me (;
Traditional colleges too have commenced online education realizing its benefits. Narrow in on the program most fitting for you...
hey man I just saw your message, where did you order from? We do not delivery the food, the restaurant does.
Having The Cosmo “Sex Position” Of The Day App On Your i-Phone Means You Have Too Much Disposable Income….
Self-doubt and home canning don`t mix well.
vroom vroom zoom zoom beep beep bop bop zap
you said you would send out an email yesterday....where the fuck is your email
The assassination of jarrett jack
Doing lunch at Bazbeaus #Carmel with 12 PM. All tweeps welcome to join us. Eating outside
Papa johns is the best pizza EVER...
What's good my fellow tweeters???
Days like these I wish I had a pool.☀
ediocrosy is such a crazy film!! Haha!
My first time in Kauaʻi and *wow*. Well worth the price of a parachute.
- Sorry I couldn't make it Scotty's tonight. Had to tuck in the kids. Promise to catchup soon. Good seeing you.
Can't wait for the new Walmart Superstore to open in Poway. Bye-bye Vons & Ralphs.
too much pt plan not enough
Thanks for the FF mention!
Satisfied needs never motivate people to perform at a higher level, only unsatisfied needs. Have your systems set your people up to fail?
how was the compition
My Stanley Cup prediction is STL BLUES VS NY RANGERS...my hope is that the blues win The Stanley Cup 2012
ManU fans griping about ManCity buying a title is akin to the Red Sox bitching about the Yankees. "Hello, Mr. Pot. My name's Kettle."
Today we're talking polka dots! What's your favorite way to rock the print?
Thanks for the follow Matt. We appreciate it!
Uh... no homo
I hate chills.
just followed :D
“: pls follow Trayvon Martin's mother -- who just joined twitter. #HoodiesUp”
Gail I wrote you and ask you about employment is it so bad to ask you for work where is your heart
Wyatt Earp on the mound for the
HEY MAHOMIES ! If you want to be part of a Christmas present for Austin tweet :)
#20ThingsAboutMe; 4. I'm extremely stubborn and difficult to convince.
Agree. RT They should just put Xanax in our water. so many people will be more tolerable.
Very interesting day in Tallahassee walking & talking in the halls & offices of the Legislature for the Film Industry
RT :RT: My CIAA Weekend started tonight.CAABJ Networking Reception@ Aloft Hotel & Cigar Bar@ Blake Hotel!!!! :-)
yeah man hit me tomorrow so we kan holla....
Couldn't agree more on the Shiner Bock! Cheers.
RT : #ff My future ex-girlfriends: and
Aren't there city permits and clearance issues involved when conducting the experiments?
It's so hard to get to follow me.... #FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE ?(:
Tip well in front of them?
Jeff Tweedy just asked someone to put mittens on because he was clapping so loud. Wilco show. @ Riverside
Playing NBA 2k12
what's against NCAA rules?
The Trend of Virtual Call Center Jobs | Outsourcing Philippines
Jaded punk rock skunk.
what happened?!
"After working on this story since 2002, I still don't know how my mother escaped the Nazis." -Howard Reich.
#sportsbiz executives team up with #NSMN to fight #cancer. Industry survivors to lead effort: #Donate @ sportstacklescancer.com
Happy? "Happy" is a word that makes someone said
=TIP= If u choose 2 buy your books online, make sure u r ordering from a seller that is relatively close if u r in a time-crunch situation
I'm Tryna Chill With Whoever Today, I'm not Staying Stuck In This House !
my probation officer think it's ok 2 judge me, he mite get reported 2 JESUS, that's my daddy & he not gona let ppl do me any kind of way
It will always be the Florida Room
Paris, France. Take a chance. This romance makes me come alive. <3
Should I or should I not buy the 6-week package? I'm thinking yes.
i miss you too mamas, get out of jail soon! Your number one of my people I can count on my hands.. Hehee
Google: fixin' stuff that ain't broke, since 1998. (not a complaint, just an observation--new version of Docs is definitely an improvement)
Kiss, a contraction of the mouth due to an enlargement of the heart.
Yeah! My dad rarely compliments me, so it meant a lot! <3
Remember, when school feels overwhelming, we will all one day die and this won't matter anyway.
Let's be honest, what does it "count" for in the first place. Can I trade these things in to pay rent, or get a better job?
“: hit me up cuz what u doing tonight?”Peanuts Is Throwing Me A Party!!!
Our birthday is the 26 my mom turning 50 and me and Mikey both turning 13 sweet!!!! :)
Tom Brady. Brady led Pats to #1 seed. Rogers good, but today proved GB has stronger supporting cast.
#Thankful for my Keurig this morning, since my apt is about 50 degrees
At job #1 trying to have a great day.
no Patterson park... Bssc
Will be visiting the come game day. #RCTID from your homegrown #Portland #Chiropractor. Go #Timbers!
is my hero<3
Only a few more tix available for me! Get 'em while they're hot!
creepy tweets to . thankfully, he'll never see them lol
Whats gud twitter this ya boy YOUNG MANTRA showin that WISCONSIN LOVE TO THE WHOLE World. Whats hannin?
I love Austin and Alex's smile <3 But I think everyone does. If not you crae-crae(; -Brooke
Lame. Lame. Lame.
I feel so ugly today :((
Go #Rangers (:
have asked to reset password 4 times and email does not come to my email box.
The winner on this morning was !
ok, I see it now! never-the-less, Thank you for your clarity!!
Soo tired now off to get some rest😌💤
Saw Bucky Badger at the #UW Homecoming parade. I said hi to him, but I don't think he recognized me from the fun run.
Q1 Worldbook always got more usage at my public library, the last year's set was a circulating copy
lets go :)
Happy!!! And slpy!!!
Being a belieber on twitter is amazing. We know things about Justin way before anyone else does and also, beliebers on here are hilarious.
If you have signs, paper goods, or apparel made and your logo is redrawn, ask to purchase the vector files. Own your files, own your brand.
Footloose man that was a good movie I really want to go to prom now
Completely thrown by diff looks of judges on #TheVoice tonight. Cee Lo? Is that u? But Christina looks flat out hot.
An Odd Future show getting shut down by police isn't really news at this point (looking at you, every indie music news publication)
Great presentation this morning Thanks #smbmad!
"you look like an art teacher on spring break in Daytona" - on denim skirt I found during last closet cleaning
A wise & knowledgeable teacher, philosopher or scientist will always point the student to the facts, sources, evidence, questions & research
scramble scramble
stfu we just got a round of margaritas off the old timer
its stormin ovr here in VA.... i hate it wen it rains, its kinda depressing 0__o
saw a herd of deer on the way to school :)
Winter? Isn't it past your bedtime?
can you dance to my beat?
looks good. Fascinating articles.
Are you going to put that on ur merch?? <3
Last Sat. 112 plots built and filled in on 1 day from 8a-4p Pick up the next Bay View Compass to read the story this Sat.
too many bad hair days back to back.
On my way to a horse show. And its raining.
THATS WHAT I SAID! But everyone is all "He likes you" just because we made a lot of eye contact >.<
Feel better. You are 9 times more likely to die from a TV falling on your head this year than winning the Mega Millions.
I love barber shop talk. 💈
Every country song is the corniest one.
But you said it wasn't all that shocking because we know more about head injuries now. That makes it more disgusting/shocking.
We officially have hergirlfriday.net emails thanks to So Legit! Send some love: or any of our first names.
oo la la..
that's when you poped up as facebook common friend. Too cool. We'll have to do lunch one of these days. :)
RT 14.6 million Americans smoke pot on a regular basis....
Lol when do you get out?
did right after tweeting. Still no reply.
Want to bike from downtown mpls to the but maps keep telling me to take University ave - any other routes?
My rule this summer is I'm only going to read if I'm doing it in the sun
Happy Birthday,
tire trouble must be a cry for help, our cars need some major tlc
I missed you tonight Madonna I was having creative spiritual moment with my music. A chance to sing with you one day..SUPERB
somethings you can never undo.
I do not need "friends shadows" who are only on my side when I'm shining ... I learned my way around, once again, too busy being happy ..."
Thanks for stoppin' in! Did you get to squeeze in a game of bowling? RT I'm at Southport Lanes & Billiards w/ 5 others
thanks for letting him now, Walter! Stop playing video games, Nate! . . . unless it's research for the story you owe me
headed out for a walk in 6 minutes :)
straight nasty!!!! UGH ...
Water! Such an amazing thing. Nothing more enjoyable than a long shower :)
North Korea says about 30 people died in flooding due to heavy rains late last month.
Historians and climate change was intriguing, how can public historians help fix the cultural causes of climate change?
BEAUTIFUL day here in NY! Now...where is this "blizzard" that was sweeping across the nation...? It's warmer HERE than in Texas!
and all those ridiculous songs about love..are clear to me
“: Ever been so ticked-off at bad or rude customer service that you walked out? MSG ” we live in a rude city!
this is absolutely embarrassing. tomorrow is going to show whos really here to play and whos just going through the motions.
"A Tale of Two #Clouds" from Martin Mickos of in 10 minutes!
High of 65 today. After yesterday's sunburn fiasco, i'll take it
Lugging multiple guitars and an amp through the rain to an audition.
There is now an NFL player named Nick Toon (son of former Jets receiver Al Toon); I guess Al did not foresee a network show with same name.
yo put the crack down Mike is the Godfather of today's success. If MB is cancer, Chip is Herpes
Gamification: just add badges?
NEVER LIED..
what do you all think of my new twitter background?
We picked a winner for our latest contest! Lydia won her own Kate Middleton Inspired Engagement Ring...Stay tuned for our next giveaway!
Hey, - can somebody please kill the pop-under ads at philly.com? They're so 2000 (and annoying, and make me read the site less).
When publishing in Articulate, I am getting a zia12345 file instead of a zip. Ideas? Help!
yes! ;) you know you can't resist the bogmaster!
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)13
how would the work - u see a bunch of replies that no longer make sense b/c u changed original tweet. is that ok?
TAKIN EVERY OPPORTUNITY TO AGGRAVATE THE HATERS!
We had to CALL to get somebody to the window!
Feeling disgusting even after a shower <<<
what do you think?
S.W.A.G.= She Wants A Gentlemen <3
do I get birthday sex tonight?
That has been my foremost thought through this whole process. It would fracture the whole party, and be so fun to watch!
RT “: "I'ma put it down, you gon' fall in love."
currently in love with two members of . . . and <3
almost 500 views *thumbs up
Out and about to see Caroline Walker at her studio AND Susan Tollefsen. These two ladies are some of our most loyal designers!
Greetings from Albuquerque! I am finally starting to get settled in & will be posting more in the days to come. Woot!
thanks. Life is full of surprises!
I'll keep dreaming until my dreams become reality.
": Singing keeps you healthy, exercises your heart and lungs and releases endorphins that make you feel good."
Journalism is YOU and all of us. “The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance.” Nathaniel Branden
The majority of my tweets are about work
aw don't worry, I know I'm perfect in your eyes.
Buy a book as a gift, not a e-reader gift card #makeitpersonal Why not buy one from our used bookstore?
Laughing at (with?) my husband, who is more than slightly obsessed with tweeting. No, there will be no video nor delivery room tweets.
SoloPiano.com is now on Twitter!:)
oh no! I should know this, yes?
New Jersey follow he's a genius we need the support to put Jerz back in the limelight #brickcity please retweet!!!
Rock Band room! Rock Band room! Rock Band room!
Day off...have things to do, but no motivation to do them.
Great #Bulls win last night! Let's keep it up!
Wondering where Simac's #GetawayCar is today? She's been circling the office in Antigo. What about talking 2 voters?
Praying for you, not great at jokes :+D but much better at praying XOXOX
Wtf": Back in 1919, the Russian transplant pioneer Serge Voronoff made headlines by grafting monkey testicles onto human males."
I am not a Selena Gomez fan, but some of the people out there need to relax, it doesnt matter if Justin tweets her a happy birthday!
what are you doing
Storyteller Jill Scott. YES.
If we're driving and Bohemian Rhapsody comes on the radio, we will act out that scene from Wayne's World. NOT NEGOTIABLE
bitches gonna ride with who they thinks a winner , and I'll be smiling incase they take a picture ✌
Teams back on the ice for the second period...
not to mention Nyjer was thrown out at home.
Jupiter .....RT : Pluto “: Im gone too the moon”
is she ok
And now the GooglyMooglyBots will attack!
I heard Rihanna's "We Found Love" about 10 times today.
gave up about 3 seasons ago.. Enjoyed first few yrs.. Loved Susan with Mike.
Keep your head up gorgeous. He isn't worth your time or your tears. You were happy once without him, you can be happy again.
Possibly from the Nets, should Deron walks.
haha it's on YouTube now tho:p
Some litte girl just said i was ugly. Fuck you litte girl & where are yoir parents with your diaper bag?
I kinda go for the Jane Eyre type of film. I am fascinated by classics. - Tippi Hedren (Actress)
Right now fat Big Eye Tuna is swimming around North Atlantic (Boston area). We got beautiful fish with very dense fat. It's amazing flavor.
Ooh! Is that what I think it is?
someone cheer me up or give me some sympathy or s/t
Have you heard the new Killer Mike yet?
that's cool....
Slacktivists are putting up cartoon characters as profile pictures, which somehow end child abuse.
#BeautyOfIslam is all it's made of and what it represents.
my boyfriend tkn me out to eat.
Looking for a good-yet-ambient videogame soundtrack to play in the background while writing. Suggestions? (?)
just voicing my opinion
Loved her! She should've won, amazing voice
phewf. on both counts - glad we can hang in TO again & glad you weren't elbowing in on my licorice jellybeans from
You should check out what we do! Ent Mag shouldn't sleep on this!
I'll come find you shortly. RT #SIC2011 who's here?
1. it's often used in docs as plain old ellipsis; 2. looks too much like .. which isn't a valid op; 3. suggests something 3-tuple-y.
On behalf of small busines month ABP would like to donate 30 page per minute copiers to non-proft organizations. While supplies last.
2 days away from picking up the DVD with the fixed sound, picture, and score! Pushing it to get it to Sundance, but will do!
lol it's all good i'm not a thief, you'll get them back (:
thanks to Senator Mike Skindell for his endorsement@
Pancakes as sedatives.
#Turkeyday is almost here- This yr we're giving thanks 4 all the support & love for TGB! Tweet us with your fave way to spend #thanksgiving!
I used to do that when I was 13... My couch, bed, pillow... Fridge “: #fuckeverything”
RT : U.S. Military Veterans and spouses are cordially invited to a special career fair, March 28th. Register today:...
so I trust you with a lot of stuff. How does it feel to know that I can tell you everything? :)
So, really, now that I'm not all migraine-y, and now that my nephew's project is done, SERIOUSLY, ROD WILL BE UPDATED TOMORROW.
I don't know why I do the things I do sometimes. It will pass so please forgive.
Sure! Great protein and energy. Hope you can add a little more than cashews to the mix! Cheers!
Check us out today at 4pm with Shawna D on Power 109.9
my new apt has one- don't know how I lived without it.
thanks so much!!!! :D
volleyball in an hour . another day of practice . another day of soreness
Thanks, Dan! :)
i just noticed natural video has over 2million views :D
oh, so you just waitin on a call back
good morning everyone
We are proud to present are new and updated site! Please check it out, www.rx2you.com
bo! Although I don't live far from the mall. lol
Laughing out loud at songs cause they suck so bad
Taxi line at WADC airport is like #vegas lines x2....and not half as much to enjoy.
I can't relate to my ebony princess' troubled tweets about math. I am asian
#notfeelingwell someone cheer me up? :)
beautiful photos, thanks for sharing! :)
I hate when people say ugh I woke up early today I'm like shut up you don't have to wake up early every Saturday nd Sunday
Are you a LEAGUER? If not, become a member of our organization today and multiply the mission, which enhances the movement.
“: I don't know if my stomach is growling cuz I'm hungry or if that's my liver crying cuz it's the weekend.”
and you know something was wrong when you say "i was the only one who showered" ;)
:O THAT'S TRUE OMG I'M SO SORRY GURLZ
Work all day. Dreaming of big things.
Thanks so much. Ugh! Why do I talk with my hands so much?
Happy BELATED Birthday love you so much! sent from 's Video! Love you
He makes me happy in pants:)
my aunt spent a whole 21 minutes talking to me about cleaning my room...now its time for school.
Wow!! By far the best #FoodTruck out there. Your Meatballs are better than ALL Italian Restaurants. The #MacnCheese was amazing!!
#whydopeoplethink Im obsessd with !! I'm a dedicated Mahomie!!
your still pretty(:
We want to know what's on your Xmas list this year?
What u on
The red sox are the most overrated team in baseball.
omg i love 106&park i realli do
So you mean like with record labels?
Me too. I've been into fairy tales and fantasy all my life.
Just finished a short but sweet band practice.
EXTREMELY productive evening, did some mad drawing, made a super swick beat, now i'm gonna go read my self to sleep. so wizard!
": The #Packers have released Nick Collins, according to agent Alan Herman." Such conflicting thoughts, like Sterling Sharpe.
I figured I owed it to ya to follow you back!!
The longer I’m in college the shorter my attention span gets. Currently it’s about half of what it was when I was ten.
thanks for adding me to the list!
I Think I'm Going To Leave Early
OMG AUSTIN IS GONNA DO AN AUSTREAM A :D
Thanks for the retweet. Hope to see you there....
S/o to the women playin yall position
thank you for the shout out, though! Just keep the other on the down low! Lol.
Dang, that was swift. SM, ftw!
Merry Christmas love you Miah:***
TY4M! : Thank you for the mention!!
you'd think they would have thought that too when they picked it for sec tournament. Oh well it is what it is.
follow me<3?
yeah, I know, right? It's not a film you need to own, but should watch every five years or so.
Really?!? Last I heard, Starbucks was only at Arlanda...
1mil party people in Boston... Join us for a live performance by & Tour DJ tonight
I always loved Big Bird because he reminded me of my mom. In the 80s they kind of had the same hair.
yeah girl!
I'm starting to suspect that "Girls" doesn't actually exist, it's just a fabrication of the Think Piece Industrial Complex.
just finished the fault in our stars. really good book i recommend it.
i knw when i see some fuuny stuff i laugh
RT “The value of his [Carroll Shelby] business advice has only been surpassed by his friendship." - autoMedia CEO Doug Hamlin.
Saw them with Tribe Called Quest, HelloNasty 98, best thing I ever saw.
Is there any such thing as a cheap vacation that does NOT involve camping?
Me without YOU is like a shoe's without laces, A nerd without braces, & a Sentencewithoutspaces. ♥
it gets old
Everything just fucking hurts. Life must really be hating on me.
would rather that than a dirty glass
You're welcome!!! Yes, it is! Cheers!
Mind you, I'm not calling *anyone* a girlie-girl.
Doing it right now. LOL
best song has to be Under the Bridge. Classic tune.
thanks! On the road now
"I love you, but I don't want to date you." I wish these folks would talk louder.
oh not much just hangin out enjoying this weather! And yourself
T-Swift is a lyrical genius.
Cherington is sure that Youk goes back to third when ready, but hasn't talked about what to do with Middlebrooks yet? Lies
My gym has signs w/gems like "Please flush toilet when done" and "Close your locker" and "Dry off after using shower." (Really)
When the mood strikes, a Yanomami man might sit in his hammock and give a speech to everyone within earshot.
Just ordered my own book, but they raised the price on me! :-O
love you too rt “: i love taylor gourmet, whatd ya get??”
you should! they're the sweetest & love you even more because the know you "saved" them.
Hey... this is Christina Palladino with ABC5... did you get any pictures of the accident you could send us?
LOL. I'm a big Maybelline/Covergirl fan! But I don't need Ulta for em, that's why Sephora has advantage. Many brands are exclusive
No taming me you know I'm off the fuckin chain!
Pickup Line: If you and I were Squirrels, I'd store my nuts in your hole
u kno ur ass is walking! U ain't gots to lie craig!
Email?:/ that‘s okay. I changed my number. :(
Never take a person's age or proximity to retirement into account when making decisions on hiring, firing, pay, benefits or promotions
I've been a fan for years. He's just... people don't get him. And they're afraid of what they don't know.
bitches that get NO dick get mad when females getting some.
Way to go Andy!
It doesn't get better if you don't think better,
Just done facetiming with my handsome boyfriend,
#salute u workin doe
Choice btwn productive and service industries. Where does the importance of good, practical self-management begin? A) Here and now.
GM! Luv the positive! Good morning! HAPPY MONDAY! It's the BEST day of the week...a whole five days full of possibilities ahead.
Any word on why Lock cancelled this upcoming series?
This is a nice pic, btw. Your hair is very well-behaved :)
What's on tap for your weekend workouts?
yup :D did some good beatle drawings. :D
Congrats!! RT Our #hcil was just inducted into the #chi2012 CHI Academy! A big congrats Ben B!
Ah. I'm using chrome on windows. Any ad blocking or JS turned off? That might do it.
Does Your Music INSPIRE, Give HOPE, ENLIGHTEN Or Show A Better Way? If You've Been Down & Out & Got Back Up Then Speak Up & Show/Tell Others
Well this suckss wont see my daddy till saturdayy :|
When you receive a DM from me today, dont open it, delete it now! Wicked spam!
lalalaalala so bored
Girls Who Treat Their Man Like A King Are Cool
Catching hell to get to East Memphis on Winchester from 240..
French press coffee and finals papers go oh so well together.
Preparing to finalize this short film. ALMOST DONE!!! Can't wait to see what happens with this.
- So, that's what she calls "it" ! prefers to call mine "Steve" :)
Spinning tonight at Big nose Kate's from 12 -3 21+ only
Ya you can sort of beat Jimmy Nielsen with that sh!t?
Thank you for the RT! :)
I made it in 4 on the Greyhound last year and I felt he was driving fast. But maybe we were stuck in Thanksgiving traffic...
If you're in El Paso, check out tonight for their release party. Oh, and also buy me a cd.
I totally would...but...no
So apparently a tree fell on Villa Mantia and is currently sitting in John's room? Thanks STL weather.
The pain of the truth is much better than the bliss of an illusion. Celebrate moments of truth.
NBC: Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell endorses Mitt Romney
keep an eye on the dates for The London United Film Fest in early 2012 for a UK world premiere screening of Act Naturally
lol i love your icon
How about this weather?
Starting to step into the new part of my life........
": Jean Ralphio is in this club. "Baby baby baby, are we calling everybody baby now? Cuz I love that, baby.""
hey you told me to kick you
alright my Trojan...how did GB do with Perry?? I typically like what u send our way ;)
I seriously need to stop eating so much junk food. 😒😔
ah man good luck girl I know ur getting it in!! I can't wait to hear what happens - keep me posted! <3
okay...doesn't mean I couldn't get the invite...nor asked to play
I don't think it will really ever catch on unless it becomes built into Mobile OS. Opening the extra app is enough to dissuade.
So, is #Miracle the best sports movie ever made?
I don't feel the same way I once felt about you, I need to figure out what I need. I'm sorry.
i need a new ipod! my old one is really
Happy #Digitalsisterhood Wednesday! Thanks for the shout =)
Holy crap #Megatron!!! 8year $132 million. Lord help him stay healthy and wise with that money. Wow.
I mean... Locklanders who wants to take me to BMV** tomorrow.
thanks, John!
#IA2011 Interrogating the questoin "what is knowledge?" is an important question for CE worldwide. And what does this mean for graduate ed?
living fatty/salty food w/o concern for the animal you're eating doesn't make your palate sophisticated or you a connoisseur. just a slob.
My account was hacked. I've changed my password which I hoped fixed it. Let me know if your still getting spam.
I don't feel like doing anything today, but some moves must be made
Same Here , so It's never too late until like you walk across the stage Graduation Day . lol
Thanks for the follow back! Have you checked out and ?? Thanks!
Hey! This is very CRAZY, NEVER SAY NEVER
Follow me on Twitter I follow back!
thanks for the follow and !
Every day, in every way, I find I "need" an iPad more and more... #iPadIntensifierRay (via )
study hall... where you talk the whole time ha gotta love my byx brothers!
Don't mind if I do... “: Beer! Keg! Now! Hopalicious! $4! 16oz!”
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it. ~ Andy Rooney
Classical night is my absolute favorite!
Going to pick up Allison!!!! :D
Is looking fw to this evening. :--)
haha i like that, the lion from now on
who u playin with? MAC league??
the Intrideans are pretty cool!
You think you better than me cuz you "straight-acting"? Fuck that. I've been out 10 yrs & ain't nothing more beautiful than a proud gay man.
Vendor neutral citation is awesome! As long as there is an official version online that someone is responsbile for!
hey girl. miss ya!
I really love you <3 Hahahaha.
Smh ppl really live there lives through twitter
Another quake in Tulsa!
not to be too crass but where do I find ur rates
Was going to see Lion King in 3D on the September 16 but this girl has better things to do that night. :)
I really don't know who is going to win.
RT : Tomorrow 1-3pm Skype open day for MA in DH: there are still some free spots, so get in touch if you want to talk to us
anyone in the MPLS / STP area know of any good #xmaslightdisplays? my wife and i are looking to drive around and look at some on SAT
so I was at this presentation today and I SWEAR you have a twin.
Domination of earth is good. In the meantime I'll settle for 2 art sales and a fish taco.
So I heard bad by on the radio, & I totally lost my shit. I mean I freaked the fuck out like it was my own song.
Damn, and made for a very funny live-twitter-feed of the Republican debate tonight.
Did you know i love the color yellow? Yes Y E- L -L -O -W I smell sunshine, Lemon pie, baby girls giggleing, bright fresh cut YELLOW daisys
Weird to see pumping up Chris Paul one night, then jumping on the Rudy Gay bandwagon the next time out.
Potterheads and Starkids are definitely the best fans.
well the 5 run inning makes me feel a little bit better I guess.
prince pizza
You's wanta see something funny go to YouTube type in "Grandson gets brain freeze" it's so funny
Doing the final tweaks on the new site. It's looking GREAT! Finally go live this weekend.
Another NO, but still optimistic... Just another NOT YET
Yeah:) Chicago, IL.
Just 6 simple characters...: NO H8!
Off to cheer practice. I will follow everyone back and answer any questions when i get back! love your love. -tori
Optimus Parentibus => To my excellent parents, a common dedication in a book
I think I'm liking Bing slightly more than Google- only problem is that I don't have Bing toolbars installed so it's harder to get to
Important for me, at least. Gathering ideas & info for posts on my blog I'll be launching on Adv, Mktg & and SoMe Law.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read. ~Groucho Marx banner #FestivalofBooks yesterday
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Friday 03/30/12 is Ian, Sally and Dan!
So not in work mode. The students are gone and I feel like I should be too. Not ready to dive into major summer projects yet.
I'm good Justin, miss being on here. We're building lots of new stuff for clients and it's fun but moving fast!
Bitches be bitches.
This is really annoying me -.-
Afghan museum highlights country's Buddhist heritage - The Express Tribune
That's why Dems, despite day2day issues on their side, will never truly run Congress,
It's an Alaska thing “: Levi wins another news cycle.: RT : Levi Johnston gets another girlfriend pregnant
bueno... time for me to try to take a nap... bye for now
WOW the #xfactor Is really boring tonight.
Hmm got a lot to think about
Hershey makes kisses and they also make hugs...with hugs and kisses no one needs drugs...Happiness is Hershey Kisses and Hugs without drugs!
Jack And Rose werent real people )': # TitanicSwagFail
Yes, videos will be posted to FOSI YouTube channel soon after the conference
Gonna Start This New Jump Program Today! "Air Alert'
thank you frances! ☺
Ed said democrats will whip republicans in nov. Is he delusional or just fucking stupid? Plus his book sucks and will BOMB..lmao.
Saw NBC's Bent tonight...really liked it :) And pleasantly surprised to see ...got to meet him at a #Cougartown meet & greet!
So anyone going to see the #CBJZam today in Dublin?
25 years ago today Mark McGwire hit is first HR as a member of the Oakland A's.
M, sugar! That is how I like my sugar too - with a little coffee. Maybe with a splash of vanilla or caramel syrup too. :)
and I should have appended 'today' to the original tweet. Sounded too permanent when meant for the day
- thanks! Playoffs start Fri and kickball starts next week. Kind of excited. You should come up for a weekend!
Wow, the refs woke up and called a penalty on #Michigan! It's a miracle
iknow.. But omg my legs hurt
minus 5 cool points for admitting to still being an American Idol fan.
If Braxton miller doesn't have time to hand off where would Joe bauserman find time to pass it?
Damn Miami heat...
Attending the famous Washington Hebrew Congregation's Sisterhood luncheon today and looking forward to seeing some old friends!
I'm There All 3 Nights! 5 clubs
I was popular af in elementary.hah,now what happened.
watching #DWTS with my 3yr old, she says - "Mama, where's the rest of her dress?"
How does one set a coat hanger on fire?
tell me about it. 
cool RT : INTERN's #fridayreads: one delightfully battered copy of Daniel Alarcón's WAR BY CANDLELIGHT, from a penpal in NZ!
You are the best 12,002,724 right now, can you tell him he reached
Hey there!! Will Do!!
I wish my banjo sounded like Steve Cropper's tele sometimes.
Carrie talking about Google and their focus on best user experience vs monetizing every angle
&#39;Reasons Why You Should Study In a Christian College ...
Yes yes it was!
Interesting article. Universal design takes LEED to the next level paying closer attn to "feel, see, hear" our environment.
Rode to school with
Good news: I'm in love! Bad news: I got fired. Can you say "mixed emotions?"
Please assist w/referral for Instructional Designer w/AVATAR and Captivate and Articulate in Atlanta
Damselflies in Roswell, near water lillies at the Nature Center—their wings a hum and a blur—their colors too much for our visible spectrum.
Let it go man that was along time ago. bad thing happen when playing sports even with a little yellow weighted flag.
we were talking about how much we missed you & how we have to come visit you! it was talked about!
Why's Bieber Smile trending when it's Fenway's Birthday??
Hope everybody has a fantastic weekend, and be safe. Remember to hug the ones you love, and smile to those you don't!
400 followers! Thanks so much you guys! (: ~Soph
Hope Mo is ok. Hadn't said welcome to the Yankee family yet. Welcome aboard. You're doing a tremendous job
Aweh, she's so cute. ♥
You know you're busy when you don't even have time to commute.
That mothers day commercial by the #Olympics makes me want to cry .
I HATE this biology assignment. ITS SO FRIGGEN BORING.
#WhatMakesMeSmile when I'm upset and then I hear my favorite song.
Break a leg!
What take that back -____- lol
o.O
I am honestly a lil scared to bring a child into this world.How can I instill my values when we living in a world like this?
"specific cellphones" were hacked to only pretend to be turned off?? Only way I can see not being BS.
For some reason #sherylcrow song is in my head...I wanna walk in the sun...
Yay! All are shows have been amazing! :D I still need to see The Secret Circle!
DreamFace 3.0 allows you to build Web 2.0 & SaaS applications quicker and easier and to deploy them on-premise, in the cloud.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 49
cool i'm already soaked
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry. Bill Cosby
You should never agree to surrender your dreams
DJing a Party Right Now for Icewood's Older Sister! It's Going Down!!!
well that's just not very nice...but at least I can say my team has a chance to hoist Lord Stanley's Cup. :-)
“: "is that a bottle of ketchup?" "I don't know, probably"”
Now that we are are out of the dark, it is time to start the weekend. We are open for business. Get in here!
How do you engage visitors' (wrong) beliefs about the past? See my panel (1st session) Truth & Cherished Myths: Authority & Empathy
me too Lansing
i'm gonna cry.
I'm with fool eatin ice cream then we bout to be out on r bikes
We are only able to offer merchandise at the pep rally, we will not be selling the day of the game.
Ok might be a little gory but damn the characters are great & the acting is stellar!
Illiterate Ass Females <<<<<
You’re crazy, I like you, but you’re crazy..
Hard to photograph a "Smell" on the other hand a "smel" might be doable if I knew what it was?
And again today, another person encouraging me to move to Austin.
haha I thought I told you! Have you seen zoe yet?
via : lunch with Bill Kules today at NGS.
I completely agree with you
Why is the third hand on the watch called a second hand?
Cuddled up with my babe. Can't think of a better place to b :-)
Q: You know why God is a man? A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
nope. its just like idk hes just annoying and keeps asking me for pictures. he started texting me when he was drunk:/
One Tree Hill is airing it's final episode this Wednesday. If anybody cares, that is.
Can I see your headphones real fast?? Uhhmm..... Suure.... End of class period in 10 minutes. Wtf. Nobody can use them ever again.
“: it's nice to meet you too. I just watched your youtube vids and....wow holy crap you're really good.”
I'M TRYING!!! RT : Someone needs to help me get out of Illinois.
I don't know. Not much can compare to All That She Wants & Sign. 🎤
CEO Chris Artinian will appear on today at 11:30am PST to discuss all things Morton's.
day off w/ babe...this means back to reds for me =p
What won't u put bacon on???
Just realized that one of my tattoos has a subliminal message about smoking weed. #sweet(:
i kissed austin before. it tasted like... paper.
would you like me to make a WeLoveGhostMIW? I have another account with 300 followers I barely use anymore it was for the old
Great ideas are a dime a dozen. Success is all about the execution of ideas.
What am I doing Tomrw
Free throws are the key to victory!
I stil got faith in my #BULLS #DoItForDerrick #3InARow ... and lets be real #Philly sucks
Ok, I shouldn't laugh, but that IS funny.
We re-designed our site! Take a look at it: www.iheartmusic.com and give us some feedback. We'd love to hear your thoughts!
the lawn needs to be mowed. for the first time this year....
Good Morning!
Monday, January 30, we are starting (2) 30-minute challenge classes...stay tuned for more details today!
Seeing extremley hot guys in random places and realizing I'll never see them again. Until that awkward day when u c them like a year later!
RT : Dear iPhone owners: please change your ringtone from the default. | Nope. I'm a proud defaulter!
Take 5 min. & let your clients know that you're grateful for them & for giving you a chance to work with them! BTW-Thx Infuze Clients!!
ok so r u a fan of selena or a hater?????she's amazing
awww that's a bummer! We love and miss you all. Best of luck at your show!
I might have a new favorite reality show with #thesingoff. Killer voices. I could get used to seeing every week!
Day 2 of Vertical Reality. Love love love this weather! So grateful to be a part of NPCC. Who'd-a-thunk-it? DJing for the King!
im here lol
and I just tried to cake care of as many customers as possible until you got here! Welcome, by the way.
lmao okay and I dont care lol they can come
I just miss my plane but it ok im stay cool it just a plane
RT : "[AltMetrics] algorithm self policing since data is open" <-- Right: no more done-in-a-corner...
Why couldn't I have been miraculously born with a British accent?!
says: "if you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.”
u deserve it for all u do for others! You are amazing!
10/2 Dessert Special: Old Fashioned Sugar Cream Pie with Cointreau Cream
Orioles need some runs to win this second game
Dinner With Foreigners!!!
#Celtics win 90-84 over the #Hawks, holding 10-4 edge in OT scoring. Boston takes 2-1 series lead into Game 4 at the Garden.
LETS GO POWER! Power @ New Orleans tonight at 8pm!
Marchand is tripped and the #Bruins will have a powerplay.
No problem man. I'll see you on Monday and we can say hey.
lol that was funny
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of hand
its a good day when you feel no pressures and your dog is cuddled right under your arm.
#preach RT : Dear god if you cannot handle your liquor/beer do not drink😂😂
Babysitting a pretty awesome baby and loving it.
Yeah, that's a thing. I still feel like I have to apologize to people for the Crusades.
how many times do you get to see the President speak live in person?
mom, fuck you.
Had a an awesome final walk thru for the event Saturday night. join us if youre in SD. www.revosandiego.com
DO NOT(!!!) open any so-called BBC videos circulating on FB about the killing of Bin Laden. It is a virus. Spreads by just opening it!!!
Wondering how is doing. We owe them a visit to talk some baseball..
Funny. Thanks, now its in mine, too. Just followed them on Twitter, should be interesting.
hee hee. I should have had more.
Brb going to cafe emelia in bridgewater nj to stalk nick~
I bet Manning lands in TN. He knows the AFC South.
Because We Love show tonight at kuppajoe!!
I'm sorry. People are dumb. But it could be worse
gonna be a busy day
Thank you and I was trying to point that out to you, but you're blinded by your stupidity.
thanks for the retweet, Andy! I can't play a note of music, but the guitars in the Gibson factory store are crazy cool.
Have a great day also James :-) RT : Thanks for the #FF! I hope you have a great day.
got my belly button pierced.. it kinda hurt.
of OCD like mental illness. EOM
Of course I will, Meg! Can't wait for opening day, it's gonna be a great season!
lmao LAME RT ": "Anuptaphobia" is the fear of staying single."
98 cappers posted so far today with 2 consensus from their picks on the Warriors & Mavericks
...instead of just from church. Liberal education at that. Im often frustrated trying 2 talk bible w/"church learned scholars"
RT : REMINDER: #SportsPRchat tonight at 9pmET. Hope to see you join us!
RT : DC101 will be here tonight 6-8pm giving away tix to the Chili CookOff! plus CAPS at 7 and Country Night at 8!
Thanks for doing that. I'm actually not teaching next semester, however.
Thanks to , , for their highly entertaining readings last night. Couldn't have been better.
hell yeah!
I haven't been to this clinic in like 2 months :o
RT : ...and who says that money doesn't change people?
hahaha.....totally worth it!..have fun.;o)
and I have no one. So don't come at me
Jay Bilas is acting like a complete d-bag tonight. He thinks he John Wooden. You are not as cool as you think.
When pundits were saying campaign negativity was keeping Ind. Gov. Mitch Daniels out of presidential race... (cont'd)
Federal tax credit ends April 30th! $8,000 for first time buyers. $6,000 for repeat buyers. Check out our home listings before its too late!
truth be told Im a freelance artist my Avi pic i drew up myself.. If you have an assignment Ill do a few demos 4 you to choose from
Couldn't agree more! RT : Hashtags I can get behind:
Anyone want to buy a #Kodak patent in #Roc? Now is the time to invest if you have the money.
In Florida tomorrow night! Right now in LV, Nevada
"Hey, sorry I never responded. I ended up quitting my job & moving to Israel to become a scuba instructor." - best opening line of an email.
: Last show tonight at the headhouse in south Philly, 10:30. $7
if you would of did I would of told u dontcha think um duh....
thank you!!! Your food rocks our world.
I'd beta/crit 4 any of you 3 even when in pub hell. You guys got mentions in 3 Wishes. How could I not? How soon do you need it?
Never underestimate the power of a Burrito...
its simple, John Boehner hates children and America
I also saw you looking at yourself in the rear-view mirror ;D lol
A fan isn't casually liking a team then bashing them. It's riding or dying every second with them. A bond. Pens give that, so give it back!
Happy first official day of spring!
Excited to hear speak at #nyu tonight as part of the Reynolds Speaker Series! cc:
Hi Julien, arriving soon on the 22nd would you like to make an interview date? best Ilona
In 2009, Scott Cramton decided to publicly offer murder mystery event services, which at the time, was simply just a hobby
Stuck on the NJ Turnpike. The trafficiest traffic of all time ever but totally worth the trip.
Happy Mother's Day to my Moms and Mother in Law! Word.
jasmine u dnt no where i live
lemmme find it(:
I need someone to come pick me up from GA today or tomorrow.
Bitch, you don't deserve shit from me.
If u dont wanna smoke u aint gotta babe im rollin up by myself tryna find a way...
Rich, good to connect with you. Hope to chat further.
haha correctly is a big word. & its ok (:
Love starting the day w yoga. Happy #Fitness #Friday!
Sweet! I heard about these micro loans this is excellent thanks!
I looovvvee you
If a girl can spit like a guy, I know she's a dirty fucker... And I want some.
“Never doubt that a small group of committed people can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.” - Margaret Mead
count me in!
Young white guy with a sign asking for money in flushing. Ain't no Chinese grandmas gonna give u $$ fool
I was born by caesarian section, but not so you'd notice
Early working on new projects. Got to love it!
#FF Happy Friday
My hunger for pancakes trumps everything else. Nothing will taste good besides pancakes.
*Gettin' Cocky* i noe sweet Ambayy that wassup I do y...I mean I got you Well thank you, your not bad yourself :b
Overly muscular females <<<<<<<<<<< lol
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe is when you brake up wit someone an she keep askin u how longits goin to take u to get right
Yes, 90's songs tonight!!
My Visual Anth student poster's are due today. I seem to have made a lot of students sick since tuesday. Finals week must be going around.
Ever seen the show "I almost got away with it" ?!?! STUPID people!!!!!!
Can I close the door of my office and take a nap? Would that be inappropriate?
im so happy for beyonce and jay z love how they said they were having a baby
#AncientAliens is sorta presumptuous. I can no longer believe anything that The History Channel says.
Happy Valentine's Day!
When you get a hold of me, tell me that I'll never be set free.
maybe we wouldn't be so angry if we had straight hair.
Surprisingly (and embarrassingly) difficult to give out free books - should I blame rain, traffic ... ? World Book Night fail :-(
Friday night, my head hurts, time for an IPA2.
STAYED UP ALL NIGHT RAPPING ON THIS LIL UGLY MANE TRACK
#sxswi #3ScreenMin What about HOW they want to watch it?
aught what did you say?
McCaskill will vote against the Demcratic FY11 budget proposal because it doesnt cut enough and the GOP plan because it cuts too much.
I love Saturdays, little work, little play, little relaxing
: Cookie stickers on the way.
That show was just the right balance of whimsical and dark. Loved it!
lol that's some real shit!
Be sure to come out to our Easter Eggstravaganza Event tomorrow from 1-3! Check out the events for more information!
sweet... *wink*
right u are! Thanks! I checked my commorative teacup
God will never put you through anything you can't handle <3
And the sight of any females.
not using twitter again until everyone gets the Casey Anthony schtick out of their system.
i want them!!
Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday dear Windiiiiii... Happy Birthday to YOU!! ; ) xoxo
you can but not perfect. Love you as all Broncos.
But yeah, if we play the Clippers, it'll be an easy sweep. Lol
HAHAHAH that guitar is $7,998. I don't my mom's gonna buy me that..
argh, someday i will carve out time to read them! i refuse to see the movies until i read the books. :)
you as well. my travels were safe, relaxing now in nashville.
I am trapped in "IM" hell- whomever said this much technology was a good thing?
The worse thing about being lied to is knowing your not worth the truth.
Long homework "date" with 2 boys from L's class. The project is done (thank god.) 11-year-old boys are...confusing. Let's just say that.
Thanks to the people selling on got my cd's today, blaring all night long #AMAZING !!!
Hey everyone! ASO is having as general body meeting tonight in Hughes formal lounge. See you there!
Know of a local business in New York City that we should be following? Tweet us at
I'm on Skype! Hit me up so we can chat(: I'm open to everything...
ABDC DAY!!!!!! WE GET TO SEE THE BOYZ AGAIN!!!! :D
#BlackMamaQuotes "I SUGGEST you shutup and sit down somewhere talkin to me like that!..."
That's my point. They're jobbing him out. He needs a single push, and yes, a World title.
At least this gives you the chance to finally catch Santa!
Ready to fall on my face and my days not even close to being done
Making bracelets >>> :)
"Go You" #Cigna great vendor table and rep! It's Monday Night...Casino Night!
I need to be asleep right now, but I'm at work. DAMN
is always pushin' for us.. thanks darling <3
:) tears of joy, finally seeing my nephew!,
i hate that my parents are practically vegan. My little sister cried when she opened up her eggs and found carrots/cucumber slices.
7:30 Dolphin mall. Movie: Hunger games! and Stefanie (who isnt cool enough for Twitter) Sneaking in Popcorn!!
Hey guys, I plan to start updating about new things, old things, and everything in between that I find noteworthy! Hope it's useful!
that's great to hear... and HUH?
Ah, the narcissism of the young. Unfortunately, too many never outgrow it.
and it took me 3 minutes :) lol
u should be damon horan
She called a body foul from half court? #really???
I hope everyone had a beautiful weekend.
Walked from 55th and Folsom to & back. Reward = Soul love by Bowie and an Old Stock Ale. Oh! Coltrane's Favorite Things. Bonus
Thanks! I intend to!
Check Out My New Product Line....www.prbymeka.com (Ages 18+ please, thank you)
Love the event. Thanks Matt! “: Just chatted with Evan of awesome guy and great story! #lbam”
awsome homemade airsoft machine gun vs. an apple apple !
It's the best flavor!
Wiscy will save face for us....hit the money line!
So, I've developed a taste for beer...and lost my taste for coffee. My world is turning upside down!
Why do I feel like my bday is so close when it's actually til the end of July -___-
It scares me.
Oh, yaaay you actually got a Twitter finally? hahah.
#Hawks I feel bad for him knowing he will have to deal w/ same team next year w/ JJohnson n JSmith
Groundhog Day!
I think it's so cute when girls call me Deezy. ky00t <3
