The movie was great ! An action packed chic flick :-)
Finding dark humour in pathos
Interesting point about Prince as local, city-based artist; he's completely rejected the web as mode of engagement
Got to love those painfully awkward elevator rides
Next Tuesday we will have a special Family Night where your Children will get Fingerprinted and get a their very own ID badges made!
Happy Thursday! Go out and conquer some Dreams!
Today is gunna be a good one
Well, dang. Lol. RT": I would love a few people to fall off the face of the earth."
Headed out to Ritz in a bit for THE AVENGERS. Might squeeze in another viewing of SOUND OF MY VOICE today too.
make a new album soon please! xoxo
you send naked pictures to everyone and you're going to get baptised......?
i need to clarify - it is restaurant week...but it's true, i do go to bed at 8:30, so an early dinner is always good
I think it's cool that vinyl is making a comeback! Now if I just had something to play it on!
Thanks! Yeah, I think I'll go w/1 of his. Nephew doesn't read that much anymore, was hoping to trick him w/graphic novel :P
CASHER: I listed the Lakers total at 195.5 by mistake. Should have been over 185.5. Either way, if you bet it you did well!
"girls wit no ass are so gross." I agree whole heartedly.
yay(: you should go look at the one down the road from me (: that'd be legit!
Blake Lively 😍
happy birthday mike.
Ask 5 economists and you'll get five diverse answers - 6 if one went to Harvard.
C'mon ... you know I have to protect my sources :p
#Kudos for pairing mentors w/ children who need & want them. We're proud to have partnered w/ you during
Dogs are miracles with paws. ~Attributed to Susan Ariel Rainbow Kennedy
i hope everything is going good with you and the kids and that u had a good holidays
he passed for all of them as well.
Get some help. You need God and Jesus " God, please tell us Jelena is till together."
I told you I was goin to the casinos! Dont be hatin I'm coming back a #winner haha I love
OK CHANNING! I see you in The Vow!
Hey guys! Just got outta school! I only have a 3 day week this week! Rock on! :)
enjoying a bad ass cup of black coffee yum...
yes or no? I'm confused
Just when you thought the sound couldn't get worse...
why hello mr. attractive~
thanks for the suggestion I'll add it to my lost of things to look at.
YA!!! RT by the most important tournament director of all time!!!!!!! ( ) now your my #1 pick to win main event!! Sry FBT
OH: (looking at the dyson fan) That fan is ANIME!
I usually enjoy a nice IPA a book and foot massage from strippers to calm down Tanning helps me calm down and relax.
Thanks St. John's SC! Had a blast today. Scoot again with you soon.
looks great. Motor City fans are proud!
Can't wait for October 4th!!! Thank you for stopping by last night! Great times!
LOVED your profile, and I'm glad to know I'm not the only bty editor who doesn't use body lotion!
What tells you? It starts as a "village" but then community involvement starts deciding "what's best for our children."
Eric Thames' facial hair FTW
At Chicano Park in Barrio Logan.
The greatest gift you can give the world is a gratified you.
rats (&thx) - we've been having weird server issues - looking into it right now
You could say a lot of shit about JR but you could never say he dont play hard
News Fan explains why he threw hot dog at Tiger Woods
damn didn't know Stella Artois was in Dragon Eyes. Its gotta be a dream come true to have a song in an action movie
Working on a new song- has me going in so many directions it's driving me crazy! but it WILL rock!
With midterms & work, it's going to be quite a week! It's been so long since I've had a test, I don't remember how to study!
COMING UP: Breathe Carolina / Chiodos / I See Stars Saturday, Animals As Leaders Sunday, Minerva Music Festival w/ Bam Margera next Sat!
Check out www.wackycords.com for your charger, or see Tell your friends.
Post if you have favorites! :)
i'll come by tomorrow - are you in the shop?
We Go Through Hell Just To Get To Paradise.
I didn't mean to sleep this long
I'd be careful what you wish for... I was the 2-ball knockout champ in 2nd grade :)
If my mom gets mad at me for not going to church cuz I have a horrible stomach ache that's will be just retarded.
The Affordable Care Act has not made health care a right. Access to care is a profit center controlled by the insurance industry.
New Student Registration! Welcome to first semester of being a #USFFW COUGAR! :)
Im on Lowerlevelradio.com, hosting Groove Theory. Check us out.
Let's make this a "ME Day" ☺
Thx for recent RTs/mentions: Have a terrific Tuesday!
Just saw a commercial, Oscar Mayer-It Doesn't Get Better Then This. If that is true, we are in BIG trouble!
I had no idea. I am so sorry. wishing you both well & strength.
But why
Good night Facebook & everyone
Hell yahh shake it up(; iconic boyz
So, is abortion ever okay to you? In cases of rape? Medical safety? To protect women from violent partners/family?
It's determined by his percentage of disability the VA gives him for his diabetes.
Thanks for the follow, ! :)
So it's definite that is getting the tickets? Cause I don't want to bring her and she doesn't have one :(
To the Indian girl in yellow at 82nd St - Jackson Hghts. You make my eyes smolder like a track fire.
Love when I hack into the schools internet >.<
Getting ready for NY! Packed couple of days! Talking #Madden13 with the press, cover reveal, and the NFL Draft!
#nweafusion Change our words, change our world. - Gerrita Postlewait
tell me what ??
CBS/Masters no mention of Tiger last 4hrs? He stunk, BUT I bet "How'd Tiger do?" was on peoples minds. Why? Was it a good ole boy smackdown?
I'm really excited. Hoping that our new drafts contribute like we think they will and hoping we for no injuries.
ask your tio kk if he misses me lol
it was lonely in mY bEd...;)
Werq : I cant fuck with rude ppl.i end up thinking look at me sideways 1 more time & I will gladly smack ur eyes out of ur head!
Boring ass night :/.
I wanted to kiss my DVR last week. Is that wrong? Archer, Justified, and Southland all made their triumphant return so I was =).
wtf the packer's need more
Ugh can't wait til next week
#happyhalloween! new interview up at 1standvine.tumblr.com up tonight!
lol! U don't know nothing. :-p
aw that's sweet. you should do it when she has lunch so it's in front of everyone.
Check out A great place to hangout at if your in Houston TX :-)
If I was a better DJ I'd be DJ'n at a real club not a strip club...
For anyone interested in the Highway 76 project, it should be completed all the way to I-15 by 2016. Wow! That's a long time..
lucy me and taz were watching Jurassic Park 1 and you well look like the girl in it.
#Angels Pujols wife was "mad at god" when #Cardinals offered her husband "only" $130 million. His stats, 1 HR 14 RBI .212 average. Bite it!
California chicken cafe :)
Watching the masters. The fuck is this shit.
your mama was bad son lol
I picked to dark of a color
The video of the pope playing with an iPad makes me think: is he too old to think? Does he think...thoughts?
so is the idea a taxi-replacement?
thanks for the #ff love
oh did u?? And you couldn't even think to send me any? Oh I see I see...
Woah. The hood showed up at Target.
did u sing at school today
can't wait buddy! Thanks for all the hard work.
This Thursday will be under the spell of & will be a #housenation trifecta!
hahaha i really wouldnt know how to organise one HA!
here in cloudy FL now!
It's that day of the weekend again, our lunch taco buffet featuring Chicken Enchiladas & Mini Taco Salad Shells, just $8.95!
Lol Here I Go With My
Let me know how New York is, I'm jealous. Looking for work in NY.....good for you!
VEGAS VEGAS VEGAS Any last minute reservations for this weekend still offering specials to stay @ Caesar's Harrahs Planet Hollywood and more
So jelly! Give her lots of hugs today.
guys is very active and happy Monday week I
yes he did!
You're jumping on the Kim Kardashian bandwagon too? It was a publicity stunt from the beginning, if she stops gettin attn...
i luv all my haterz but i shouldn't be having this many
Not the official garbage, but seeing your peeps is definitely worth it.
This will be an eventful weekend for the family
Twilight only has 2 more Miller High Lifes and then it's Oly Tall Boys!
This shows the intense sophistication of both the terrorist network and the US intelligence agencies + partners working to defeat it
What? I thought I asked the Time Keeper to slow down. And nothing! Great job Time Keeper
Yeah yeah yeah...
Come buy student rush tickets for Friends of Chamber Music: Pacifica Quartet tonight at 7pm in Lincoln Hall for $5. Be sure to present ID!
but I just had surgery on my meniscus so I'll probably be 200 plus and I'll gain some fat finally lol
My Twitcon won't change no matter how many times I update it!
Milton Bradley designated for assignment? Shocked! Shocked, I say!! I guess team number 8 was not the magic number...
Is feelin so cheesy just call me Kraft!
And now that tryouts are over it's time for the very worst part.
Hey, look! Just 10 more Followers to our first 1000!!! Can you help us reach this milestone? Follow them
Thanks for reaching out! You can get #LoveCrunch in #Chicago coffee shops and on our website! KIT
Dawes giving a disclaimer before sharing graphic confessions of Japanese war criminals
because maybe i needed to get it off my mind so I wouldn't break down crying!
Was just discussing that with Ackley-Ichiro-Seager-Montero would look great.
i'm really obesessed with songs!!!!!
are you a fugitive that drives away?
OK, you guys don't need to talk about me. Talk about NYC!! The more students we get there, the more you can help each other.
Went to ITEXPO today!
Time for hoops! Cheering on ' alma mater #KU You better be watching, Amy.
I've been numb all day. I need to snap out it.
Ears finally Getting better...it was mostly my left ear...I promise to never ever endanger my ears again its the worst
I think I'm frighteningly close to becoming well-adjusted. Not sure how I feel about this.
haha guy is a legend
I swear I dress better when I don't have to go to work then when I do. Stop slouching.
do a picture of yourself !
all the best my friend
I hate it when you're mad at someone and they make you laugh.
I use it in class great site, kids really like it, great for reviews
#FridayFightAgainst any kind of bullying
Join us the first Wednesday of every month at Jovita's with The Lucky Tomblin Band. Texas swing and jazz standards. No cover. All summer.
Congrats Paul!
Time to find an agent.
Well, really, who are you to deny their love?! ;)
Hold the phone! They make righteous whores? Who manufactures them? Are they made in China, or in the Hood? LOL
I can't even express how ridiculously dope your beats are yo...
Happy...happy!!!
#Tiger #Woods is going to be playing #Golf tomorrow with the only guy who can and WILL beat him, Graeme McDowell (Chevron 2010).
Saw Blade Runner tonight...was as awesome as I remembered it as a kid. =]
We appreciate the support
$585,000, wow. A house like that here would cost more like $85,000.
Kentucky's participation, proactively RT : What's that feedback in New Orleans? Is someone being phased out of existence?
Durant and Westbrook combining for just 91 points, yawn
hahaha! My Moma still gives me easter presents too!
Hey Barbara! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
what's that? Can it be about me and you?
Honored to emcee the REFORMA 40th Year Anniversary Commemorative Banquet with
#FirkinAwesome ! We'll have more firkins than ever! RT : So excited for Gonna have a group going.
Why do so many people in Washington heights talk to other people through their apartment windows on the street ? I don't get it!
i hate jagr. i hope chara steps on him.
It's almost time!!! Mike Posner Tonight ! STOOOPID STOKED FOR TONIGHT!!
#KentuckyDerby + #CincoDeMayo = run for the tacos.
Hey its friday are you following ,
I do, indeed. And that pastrami sandwich looks amazing! I wept a little.
Thanks for making my afternoon a little more enjoyable #jukeallthetime #showtime lives on
"I check my MySpace and I got a lot of friend requests YES!" Hehe
maybe...I can't argue that
if dudes are a lil too nice in the beginning they're only gonna get worst. #NipItInTheBud quick
100% least favorite thing about reporting? Typing up a notebook's worth of notes, ugh. Happy Saturday!
I think I know what you're talking about!!! hahaha!
Not been week :'/
no but I have just seen 3 different commercials for towing company reality shows..
Struggling to make money online? You don't have to when you join my team. Get Fully Auto follow up system and TONS of step by step training!
Procrastinator? Do you have paralysis by analysis? Always too much time thinking and not enough doing?
we didn't want to interrupt her dinner, but yes is gorgeous. The guys noticed her 1st. Radiant. Lovely.
tweeting about food.
No because you ain't showing it...
woo can't wait, is it an hour long ?
nicely done!
Quote: “Brilliantly lit from stem to stern, she looked like a sagging birthday cake.”
No expectations, no letdowns.
i like the sound of that!!!! RT ": the Lakers Might get SWEPT AGAIN."
spending the day at the #SmithExtravaganza. Happy Thanksgiving to all!
People who often say, "Money isn't everything" usually have plenty of it.
LeBron doesn't fit the traditional bball notions well enough. Rondo falls into the romantic ideal of PGs too well.
#myweakness country boys
Taco Saturday! Round Corner Cantina
that's ridic awesome
The score will always stop on 69 either one team or the other sometimes even both!
RT : #BanderaBowl tomorrow, don't miss out $5 to bowl from 10 Pm to 1 Am!!!
Sounds like we had similar nights and mornings.
hey whats up stranger
thanks for your shoutout! We really appreciate it! :)
= main posting & first account Personal/writing/ thoughts/ some club promotion
I dance just like as P!NK
Enjoying the bit about #JeffBuckley who crossed paths with the author in NY in #TheBookofDrugs by
"All I heard was you yelling No Means No from across the office." -guy I work with
Idek how I'm going to pass this AP exam, seriously.
What a gorgeous day today! A great thanksgiving weekend and even better - Go Lions! Get that Cup
willie nelson gets $100 fine for drug possession- AND- has to sing in court room to satisfy community service agreement. sound right to you?
Ah... a nice relaxing weekend on our Yacht=] The rain falling on the boat sounds cool=]
thanks for the follow! I like your blog and your peppermint brownies look super yummy!!
I will be 16 in twenty two days
Thanks for the retweet.
so sorry
anyone have BBM for blackberry ? if so, message me your pin number
Hey! What time you getting out of work? We're going by aunty seetas today :)
I was just making conversation, I really don't wanna go on road trip with u, iont even rock wit u like that dawg!! FOR THE RECORD!
I am too, but hey most winners don't go on and do much after so the true test is what she does going forward
Practicing extreme willpower right now
get me a ticket!!
Common Phx pull your heads out of your asses!!!!! #letsgoyotes!!!
Kentucky's roster currently stands at 12. They could sign another guy and still give both Malone and Long scholarships next year.
: Cher "attacked' Romney so she has no talent??? How childish Donald!
Enjoy! A ginormous superhero movie marks the official start of summer :)
Dear #Vegas, thank u again! Xoxo! ;)
looking good :)
That awkward moment when you’re staring at nothing in particular, and then realize you’re staring right at someone.
"Who of you by worrying can add a single hour to his life?" Matthew 6:27
How do I even come up with half the things I say .... ? Lmaooo ! :')
#20ThingsAboutMe I think about things too hard.. so hard that it usually comes to a point that I just want to cry about everything.
Thanks for the retweet!
Johnny Depp is afraid of clowns, yet he can still don wild make-up and costumes to play The Mad Hatter, Willy Wonka and Edward Scissorhands?
I love going to church after work to clear my head and thank God. My attitude is gratitude :)
Great to see an american screw chelsea over!
and lil varney some prostitutes on David
Just returned from press conference at Fire house #10!! Great community turn out!! Check out the story tonight on the 5 o'clock news
George Savile, Complete Works, 1912I cannot afford to waste my time making money
WOW!!!! #Chipper Jones and the Atlanta Braves take the #Phillies!!!! What a game tonight! 11th Inning...14 to 13.
WOW the #Mariners are doing well tonite over the #Twins !
Another wet and soggy day in south Florida!!:-(
hell yeah !
My name ain't dick so keep it out of your mouth.
RT Who's in #VEGAS & ready to party? #IndustryNight tonight w/ in Main Room / on the terrace
Seeking Radian6 expert with big brand campaign experience for possible consulting gig. Please retweet.
uh oh.
yea it will
kinda glad i was a loser in school! It has made me who i am today!
Who is this generation's Freddie Mercury?
Huge win Boys! Makes me proud to scout for you! The effort was tremendous! Stay focused! Cheers!
omg but i don't lmao well sometimes but it was my dad's CD and all of a sudden it started playing and the knob is on "off"
“: Oh, your profile picture is a car? You must be a transformer.” new fave
you do green you didn't even have to go there
what is a hospitalist?
There is more dignity and honor In compassion than hysterical, vengeful celebrations that look like any sports event. ~Joanne Barker
You're awesome. Just thought I would tell you.
I'm home but I'm saving myself for Friday!!!
Follow Echo Beach on our NEW Twitter account -- gigs, news and more
gonna watch Captain America with the siblings :P
#WhyDoIAlways fall easy?
come down to megs!
I read many columns today saying that nothing's immediately changing from this and the effect is more emotional right now...
Bus driver appreciation week
Please follow me?:))
Are historians more skeptical of the digital revolution?
En route to New York City to help facilitate a panel on paid sick days hosted by the Ford Foundation.
#TeamFollowBack..... I will follow u back staight away! :)
how possibly have we not met? I see that as a problem that must be rectified!
No coincidence that UK's given up its most first-half points of the season with Davis missing most of the first half.
Now taking questions from the audience. First up: when public funds are used, how will you track the creation of local jobs?
Tip #155: Good players answer the questions. Great players question the answers.
can't, homework. but im checking mlb at bat every 5 mins :P
First caffeine of the day, at noon? That's dangerous, Charlie!
Dang... Just heard my gguy was in a accident
yeah I think so...
Great news! The VA Senate just voted to fund prenatal care for low-income legal immigrants during their first 5 yrs in U.S.
Alive alert awake wifi Dulles airport
NEW MOVEMENT!!!! (CONTROVERSIAL!!!) #NELLUMINATI STAY TUNE.........
Weightlifting Tomorrow , And haircut , Party Saturday , Church Sunday , Damn Man !
Just take the food like you work there. Post-exam celebratory feast!
Couldn't ask to hear anything better - thanks, man...and stay inspired!
I like you 😊👍 you're sweet! AND you said hey to me. and, you've got a nice smile. 😉
I almost missed part 2 of Birdsong on Masterpiece.
nice vid! Sorry about the LinkedIn limitation. We're planning to offer other social sign-in options - which do you prefer?
I am SO ready for the weekend.
#30thingsaboutme 5. sometimes i can get on Austins nerves, but he will always love me. :)
I tweet quality not quantity!
in the financial district? We have the BEST whole wheat pizza- light & crispy! come by for lunch today
That flask is pretty awesome. But then, so is the yarn!
at least two. love the hashtag. I don't think you and understand how bad it is.
Man back @ #skytacos n L.A. 1 of the best places!
Yeah WOM is awesome! Referrals never go out of style.
lol,maybe later.im watching the hunger games rn c:
Do you have a copy of your league schedule you can email me? (to put up on thebowlingframe.com)
at school..
Not wearing underwear tonight, YOLO.
Goodbye Steve. Thanks for the great products. - typed on my iPhone.
I love graphic design. I love marketing. I love brand theory. I want to be a brand manager.
Sws on my tl wow I wanna cry because happy
April 19th, also known as Baked appreciation day is fast approaching... Know what that means? Free cookies for everyone! :D please RT
Thanks for the tips!
always makes things seem a little bit better
Attn. all members: Be sure 2 stop by the member appreciation party @ 5pm for food & drinks, plus live tunes!
damn mane you at home ? MSCC
And you can look, but don't touch cause my paint damp.
my older son complains about that... never thought I'd have to say "stop touching it and it'll go away"
So thrilled to have as supporters for June 4 Code for Oakland event--come join us!
A nigga feelin kinda strong today did 4 push ups
aw aiit nice tom eet yhu and good morning
As we drive home they are laughing about the fact that the people on "walkers" road signs have detached heads. Hilarious.
Thank you for following Paige and I Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt Help families by donating
I washed my car by hand today for the first time ever and saved $7 on my normal car wash. It felt good.
always !! Flying without a net
At school with 😄
Beautiful day today...stop by for a splash on our bumper boats!
#benson Do you know what #TWAfterHours is? If you don't its when talk very dirty about the boys....
Happy Mother's Day!
Day two at conference. So far so good!
Television ownership in America != flat panel television ownership in America
#swag #SALUTE #swag #SALUTE ayyyyy :)
Fist bump - thanks for sharing our $1 deal
yes! "design for dreaming"
- Enjoyed sharing my knowledge & my eBook with a fabulous group of networkers that exemplify strong relationships!
Btw , Chris Webber, NBA star, was in last night for some of 's cheese. He wants to come back when we have venison.
Oh, yes!
who names their kid paisley??
This weather has to be getting you in the mood to hit the water. Don't have a boat? We can help! Book now!
Happy Monday! Enjoy $1.50 Beef and Chicken Tacos after 4pm today as well as $1.50 Tecate ALl DAY!!
Mayhem Nation: Be sure to take care of that special someone in your life today.
Chillin' on the couch. Alone. I wouldn't be against sharing it with someone sometime. I'm just sayin'!!!
Heading into Sweat Hot Yoga to teach 9:30 Power Hour and noon Power Hour. Class theme: Conscious Choices
Great video!
What would you do if we had a zombie apocalypse? May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 #1Dtourusa We love you! Love, Alexi and Tabi!
For my 3 day, back to Barrett Jackson and Russo Steele Auctions. Yesterday got of ride alone during Drifting expo. www.apinsights.info
Have a great night see ya Tomorrow gotta work!!!!!!! Share the love around you :)
ive voted for you guys so many times and yall wont follow me back
you never called back bro .. but goodnight !
u don't like 2 chainz?
Lmfao rft “ A special tweet to everyone that goes to school late tomorrow or has off, I fucking hate ya xoxo.”
Need another stop D
This ain't no love song I just fill like gettin my guitar up and singing a tune thinking bout you.. Ya! <3
Amazed to see that, as promised last winter, there is indeed now an outdoor piano on wheels (casters?) by a fountain on the Boston Common!
well thank you Mr. Gilman! P.S. I tried to say bye before I left but you weren't in your dorm!
In the studio as we speak writing/recording the "CHRISTMAS ANTHEM 10,000!" You're gonna love it!
Do you have any photos? We'd love to see.
This is where the Clips really miss Chauncey Billups.
The DMV is so boring.
rock out ;)
I'm 18 but I have the mentality and maturity level of a 10 year old . Awhhhhh yeah (;
Hey lil cousin. long time no hear. you're getting a new cousin today...pretty exciting
I smell burnt toast
Thanks for the mention!!!
Have to be 4 places at once. Don't you love those days?
Why is it so hot in here?Curse you AutoShop >.< 10moreMin &we're out of here
nothing wrong with that..u still duckn ,hiding
Former Star Quarterback, Gambling Addict Art Schlichter Sentenced to 10 Years
I don't know what this means, but it's a funny tweet by a hockey fan. (Unmodified.) “: intent to blow! intent to blow!”
The only thing still good about my bracket is
Wake n bake
you know we are!
In this competive world, customer is the epicenter of this economic revolution. Manager must cultivate close relations with customers.
RT : 90% of Americans would rather lose their wallet than their smartphone! via
you watching #extemerules tonight?
Did espn2/Rick Reilly seriously just do a 10 minute story about random people named Tom Brady? And I didn't change the channel
I have though pal. I have.
Thanks for listening ;)
lol true. & you're welcome :) next time you can do it for me.
meet you guys there!
70% chance of rain here in B-more tomorrow. Sorry :(
cole wanted me to talk to you about coming over tonight?
ok I'm sorry.lol.jk
3rd row on right. Next to gilbreath and joshjo.
Heyy twitter what's up
I was cruising the Nordstrom site and just can't believe women would pay top dollar for some of those travesties.
James Nikon>James Canon
nobody visits me :'(
Honestly ur tour schedule is very intensive, I hope it won't make any problem for ur voice guys
love the new feature on where you can just open a picture straight into your timeline
well atleast they won't be as noticeable as braces
nice keep up the good work son!
Happy birthday ! ^dr
Once again shows it’s support for the UX community by sponsoring #idea10 this year. Thank you!!
Good morning, Chris! Thanks for the tea! :D
R kelly-hands of time
My Tail Bone Bruise hurts #ICantSitMyAssDown :'( lol
Leap Day! So anything we do today doesn't count right?
Tomorrow we will be running another Wednesday Tip of the Week with Guy Berger, is there anything special you would like to hear him discuss?
srsly? How are you even struggling with this?
Flattop Grill!
Project for the weekend. Photoshop the wedding photos.
I wonder if KD is scared of Metta . . .
" Texas is the crossroads of the world. Everything here is big - Bobby Lee."
Wonder goal for Fabian vs. Barcelona!! Unreal!!!
Just saw a trailer for the movie #Journey2. Was there even a first Journey movie?
Good luck to EA, RW and DV and a big thank you to JJ for saving the day!
": Michael Pineda has a tear in his right labrum. #ouch" Yikes, I'm going through PT for same thing right now.
agreed. Say, hows the new role going?
As long as you got pics he'll be fine...he'll always have that to hold onto when he gets older!
I wonder what E-40 is doing right now...
was absolutely perfect.
After the pool one day? Oh, of course.
London this summer,excited! If I'm lucky I could meet but doubt it
Andrea follow me
Obstacles don't have to stop u, if u run into a wall don't turn around & give up figure out how to climb over it go thru it or wrk around it
Stop calling yourself hot. The only thing you turn on is the microwave. . .
where are you babes?
Aw babe! Your so sweet! :)
Thanks so much!! and thank you for your support!!! I am glad to hear you enjoyed the show! Hope you have a Merry Christmas!
Congrats to Glynn Wedgewood! This weeks random winner for our Thirsty Thursday giveaway! Keep it here to win & Stay Drivn.
Beautiful day in the big apple! Happy to be home!
If my dad says cut it out does that mean I'm in for another round of home surgery?
Karate grading today:D.
Its cool just email me the one u want graded
So many prom goers staying at the hotel. Just seems so wrong. One couple is sharing a cigarette. That's romance, kids.
On my way to the dells to dj tonight
well you're pretty short.
Welcome all #SXSW2012. Come check us out #SXSWtrailer. Great tacos to keep you going!
Dear haters, I'm not your enemy. I'm your hero.
It's 4:50 in the morning, I have to pee, and there's a bazillion-legged gynormous bug on my floor blocking the door. Help. Me.
Thank you!
“: #TwoThingsThatDontMix Lebron and the game on the line” lol.
so cute❤ jealous(:
my prayers go out 2 all the families who last loved ones in the tragedy we know as 9/11 ♥
F the Sux
Sunday night. RT : hold the coffee, pour the whisky.
I can't wait till I can lay outside during the summer and get all dark and tan :)
Ok...I'm officially awake now and we r an hr 1/2 into the meeting! Lol
oh let's hope so!!!
funny, I'm now catching up on Raw
I'm gonna fall like I don't need saving(;
alvarado looks like he just ran into a brick wall!!!
In need of #starbucks ☕
love the concept! Looking forward to the shows. I've given you follows 1 and 2, thx for the invite and heads up! Happy #ff!
are you watching these jokers on first take? Man, they flip flop more than the Pacers last night
tomatoes want full sun and regular water. but you'll want to put a tomato cage around them, which usually discourages the dog.
My bro knows him, were on EFF board together. His work is fascinating, outside my expertise, but worth struggling through.
All I need is an ipad3.
Going to bed not feeling so good, will catch raw in the morning and upload new pics, sweet dreams y'all xx
RT You'll never get anywhere if you have no place to go. Goals give your journey to success the destination that it needs.
Ari's coming to Florida. Which means she will only be one hour away from me for the gazzilionth time.
It's not impossible, Aaron...Ever wonder why you're so obsessed?...You've been LED to UT. You're gonna have a great testimony!
Great work on the AIRWAVES...GENIUS!
M PIZZA
San Antonio TX may be my home, but Win, Lose or Tie, Oakland Raiders til I die!
good night.
great ass sha wing
Break a leg Jersey Boys !!! Opening night Woo Hoo !
So good! RT : Somehow, the pizza and the restaurant Barcelona in New Haven were both even better than I had remembered. Nom nom.
I know but if Larry is double covered look for Doucet.
we will see about that
Thank you so much for the mention!
Going to play tennis babe xx (:
Any one care to talk talk on the phone?:)
Friday's adult office beverage day needs to come today! The team is working hard with changes for September!
Just slanmmed breakfast...
Using a dot matrix printer at work. It is the size of a small car and loud enough to require ear protection. It should be in a museum.
1000 followers! You guys rule! To celebrate, we'll be releasing our new song "God Bless Yoga Pants" sometime next week! Get stoked for it
Father comfort the Tims family & friends...
"Dude has the creepy eyes of a sexual predator and he wears flip flops, so gross" haha best thing I've heard all day haha
If I get up to 200 followers you'll laugh at my first concert... Well maybe it also shows my age haha
ah i love these! ♥.♥
This is my last week eating unhealthy. I need crap food this week though.
and I started to just come lol , I drove all the way back home lastnight daytona was not the deal
Kicking myself for not being the first person to make an "Ice Cream Kony" joke.
PUMPKIN SPICE LATTE!
I'd ask if you'd really shave his ass but you probably would
absolute nonsense, historic improvements in poverty in China as it increasingly relied on market forces :D What u smoking?
eek, that horrible noise people call #twitter and #linkedin updates ...
I am! Yay can't wait to hang out with so many awesome illustrators!
OK, got me with that tease - I want to know why LeBron might be sued for his birthday cake...
In Allentown setting up an enormous summer event at the Big Fair!!
hey cuzzo nothing much ;-)
Ancient Babylonians took their beer seriously. If you made a bad batch, you'd be drowned in it!
Time for Change!!!
the episode tonight was awesome it made my night so funny and awesome performance.P.S. Zayn was so hot!
Wud u mind givin me a follow? I need to DM u a quick question or 2. Thanx!
omfg there was cardboard under the pizza. wut..
Dreams that money could buy -Drake.
this everyone is Good :) looking forward to a great week ahead!!! hope U have a great week too Alexa :-)!
awe thanks but honestly you don't have to!
please tout my column. Miss you guys.
Like the updates of Google Analytics, especially the Visitor Flow feature
Know what I don't like? When people pretend to be smarter than they are.
That amber rose don't sound as bad as ppl thgt. It's doesn't sound bad @ all to me
trust. I go through it all the time. It comes.
“: I guess that shows how bad my comedy is. Shit” hahaha. Keep workin on it bro
A 7-Step Process to Achieve Your Goals. Is “freak out” on your list too? (via )
Only disappointment from #Sundance: Why do you look so different in person?!
dunno that answer.
LOVE! RT : Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. ~ Judy Garland
#Legal #LawFirm #BMCKAPM can save up to $997K per year on toner usage with #green software PretonSaver! bit.ly/n7Q5A8
The life of an actor is a life of sacrifice
Hahahaha chat. YOU'RE OLD TOO. :)
No, I think it's more like "Tell 's mom."
Important question: is it open bar at the reception for this wedding?
I hateit when i have a dream about my past crush...u starting to get worried bcoz that feeling might come back...
thank's for the follow :)
I think with the repeal of Glass-Steagall we would have had some trouble anyway, but borrowing for the wars/cuts buried us.
Dartmouth, Davidson and Utah State latest DI schools to offer Homestead junior Luke Worthington. Offers pouring in for that young man!!
At the driving range!
Since Kronberg is out, he is our primary backup now. And I bet Zac McMath is probably ahead on the depth chart anyway.
#ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned being a pussy and not saying how u feel
When you're searching for a ride that screams excitement, look no further! #MelloyDodge has the new model 2012 Charger SRT Super Bee!
We'll find out tonight if Mitt Romney has any fight in him. If he can't hit a target as big as Gingrich he's too soft to be President.
i have way too much spare time
And I remind myself that there's no auto-correct in the 17th century. Aren't they lucky. (17th-cent. authors)
If you're whining about a man worth two billion dollars wearing a hoodie, you're probably just really jealous of the hoodie.
Imma party hard tonight.
awesome! I have good friends in both cities!
My allergies were kicking my ass during the ACT's.. -.-
yeah(: I love Peyton(: he's cool!
"Grind likke i'm two people"
Thanks so much! The need's greater than ever, but so is our resolve. Really helps to have the support of folks like you.
Thanks for the laugh last night, Tom! I had a snarky reply, but stupid phone didn't tweet it. Just as well....heh. ;)
how are you tonight?
nevermind im getting black its more professional.
4 of the interns ate lunch from Virginia's Market just across the street on 18th 2day. BBQ pulled pork & pulled chicken...I mean, c'mon!
:) Then you're the perfect pair. Wish you'd pass on to her that (for what it's worth) today I read & enjoyed all her blog posts
Precisely! RT : thanks but if I did npc every year I might go gray and be too well known at my local beer market.
Serious as a BB-gun shot to the eye.
follow back?
FREE SALSA LESSON with Salsa Baby (((TONIGHT))) @ Salsa Under the Stars! 6:30pm @ the Museum!!!
sure sure sure.
At the catons castle jam checkn out the great Tim Green .. This dude is on one lol... Seriously
$2 Tall Boys of #LabattBlue today! It tastes like #Hockey!
You have to trust the person you love or love someone else you can trust.
Beautiful day for a photo shoot in presidio park! I love my internship :)
lol me and my mom are Dancing to U know she's my wave coach and we battlin it out
yeah I don't know how it would work out but everyone would love it...at first anyway
Excited to see your new store is near my home! I sense a new walking destination...
Edward didn't go to Frieze either
: tearing up my heart nsync
Learning English isn't difficult. The only phrases you ever need to answer with are "precisely" or "shame on you." All else is irrelevant.
#JamieAllOver as I walked in the door of #TheNational awesome way to start
#BroCon2011 featuring execs from Microsoft, NHL, Constant Contact, ESPN + services from John Allan's Spa. Great panels, great access.
you're moving?? Where??
Monsters Player transaction update: D Kyle Haines has been released; #10 C Ryan Harrison has signed with the team
I think oomf is a male groupie...LOL!!!!!!! lemme find out
I think my dog wishes he was a meteorologist. He's as fascinated by this lightening show as I am!
...i really hate the extra skin growing over my pinky toes nails.......makes them look uncircumcised
Ambers Hideaway in the Dells. Google/Trip Advisor it.
So I was just told that Jennifer Lawrence will be on Letterman tonight. Awesome!
Just walked up to clerk at Barnes & Noble and asked if she could direct me to journalism section. "You mean like fiction?"
Swag swag swag on Lou Niall by the fire and hes eatin fondue Liam knows about me Harry knows about you so say hello to DJ MALIK in 3 2 FLICK
Thank you. The Big Apple's been missing you.
I like that there is a new setting, just hoping that it's not more of the "same"! And for gods sake no tower defense elements please!
Just working through some projects... how are you?
Every truth has two sides. It is well to look at both sides before we commit ourselves to either side. -Aesop
Wild Things IF Matt McConnell () is live tweeting about the road series against Give him a follow!
Thank's for the love !!!! Special S/O to Southern Empire. Crushing all doubt
haha yeah it is! ♥
I am unreasonably excited to learn PHP. I feel like every other archivist in the world is PHPing except me!
Gene told me about it! I will definitely spread the word!
The Content & Scope meeting is back in session!
rainy day blues averted by delicious carne asada burrito, thank you San Diego.
#RT MAD LUV FOR ALL MY FOLLOWERS
All three, plz.
Wondering who she needs to hold her...
What about handmade Dog saddlepakcs neatostuff... I did'nt see anything on the site geared towards pets???? did I miss it
Just stop, for a minute and Smile :)
Happy Mothers Day! Looking good.
My inbox is trying to swallow me whole.
Thanks for the follow NEDCScoop, looking forward to seeing your tweets.
at least he didn't say I got you babe. Or... Omg, Foolish Beat!!!! LMFAO outta the blue!!
You bet bro. Thnx back!
thank you for being a wonderful judge this past week!
It deserves #diplomaticimmunity because it's a book talk about being black led by a black writer.
Misah F.A.B. told me solo is the only way to go.
The day with the Cross-Country Family was amazing:). And I guess I have finally found out I have an Over-Obession with socks.:)
New website to be posted soon, social networking to follow
and Let's do this!!!
you are one amazing one... please share when you are able to :)
sorry. Overly hyper/lackofsleep
your windsor knot must 've blocked your view, last year Orton L to Raiders at home 59-14, Tebow in hostile Oakland L 23-39...
I love Pandora Radio.
It's your birthday? I hope it's a delightful one!
Yes & yay!! Tomorrow is the big day :D
I Hate it when ppl put "#yolo" too stuff has nothing too.for either the meaning
Give thanks for sharing! Very nice feature! Nice original sound! Love de Vybez
#iGoOneDirection this is the reason why I have lost all respect for Nickelodeon.
Thank u for getting your butt out of bed this morning! Great job Jenna!!
It's National Pizza Week! We want to know... what's your favorite topping?
hope you have a better day today!
Accidentally mailed my STYLUS in a package to my sister. Might as well have mailed my arm.
Half Price tickets to see Toshiko Akiyoshi! Thursday, April 5th, both 8 & 10 PM shows.Get tickets online, use code “FBTW”
In most cases, #BV causes no complications.
Hope my mom get to see Jamaica before she meet her maker
The best of upfront week: CBS, as always, and TNT and TBS, which offers amazing access to its stars.
We need to sell slow learning as a user centered design concept. We need to sell it as a business benefit!
indeed it is! wise words of mean girls.
OMG I just wrote a weeks worth of blogs...my eyes feel like fuzz
Past the infatuation phase
WOW...you are so Beautiful!! Epic Beauty!!!
GIRLS ALOUD ARE RECORDING AGAIN. I NEED A BUCKET FOR ALL THESE TEARS. I'M SO HAPPY. FINALLY. AH! <3
I respect the mustache though.. That's about where it ends
“: Surround yourself with people who believe in your DREAMS...tell the HATERS BY BY.. #RealTalk”
Just now getting around to making me some breakfast
Mozilla Firefox sucks when it comes to uploading videos anywhere -- , Vimeo, Facebook, you name it...
My pal offers a very nice, thoughtful reflection on General Conference. We need more Amy goodness.
who are you hoping to win?
24-17 Predators at the end of the 3rd.
They're brilliant to bring you in, I really appreciate how much you bring to us in ThirdTribe!
honestly, someone has 5min to talk me out of buying taco bell. no? nobody? i'll take your silence as acceptance of my obsession.
Wow, I really had a good time tonight. Best time I've had in a while. I'm smiling from ear to ear. Bed time now..gotta b @ work @ 3 am.
Nothing harshes a good music buzz faster than stuffing repetitive blocks of unmuteable, unskippable ads in between my jams.
What's more exciting, that we're 24 hours away from new iPhones, Pop Up Video is back on VH1 or that we found $20 in our jeans pocket?
I've been patient for what, 12 years? I can't believe I bought this game...
Today I emptied out my cups of fuck.
What If A Woman Starts Wearing Dha Pants Would U Feel Less Of A Man???
Spending tomorrow finishing my exams. Then going out on a drinking expedition. Then working 80 hours next week.
Tanya....great tips...a good reminder!
I don't care 4 blueberries in my smoothies, but I love 2 eat them! Must be a texture thing! We love banana, strawberry, mango!
UPDATE 1-Arabtec-TAV group in final talks for airport contract
And once again, my sports follows and my academic follows converge. Score.
Okay:)I will when I get home
Only rivalry in sports today fiercer than #Blackhawks & #Coyotes is #Mets &
in that case you can have Todd Wilkins & I'll take Dylan McKay.
Back at the tower bar tnite, in duo, 7pm.
Follow my blog and spark the creative spirit inside you and produce your own work
look at my last tweet
Still looking for running clubs in Los Angeles to compete in the K-Trax Athletics Cross Country Invite "Super XC"
on Sinful Tuesday | Topic: How do rumors affect ths industry | Guests: & Call 760.283.5110
Klingons are the andrew wk of the galaxy.
★Party party party everyday all week★ (: I love and ♥
Good Morning! It's the day after Thanksgiving and all through the house, we're all stiring to go out and shop! :) It's 434am!
Trae video shoot Strapped up A.B.N. Gang
-sleep time :)
I am starting to use twitter regular now...thanks for the new addiction.
Congrats to on his one hundred grand win today!
Impressive 1st inning for AJ Burnett. Leadoff hit, then strikes out the side.
the bottle is stained dark and has a gold star on the logo..
its okay beautiful :)
winner winner, chicken dinner.
“: Netflix be having some good movies. New & old...” Yezzir!
It was wonderful chatting with you all! Let me know if you have any questions about stone for inside or outside.
DJ Styles is playing National Night Out @ Concordia Park, 2901 64th Ave, Oakland, CA. 6p-9p. See you there!
Glad you liked it
2.5 million young Americans now have health insurance—because they can stay on their parents' plans until age 26.
So sad to see my love muffin go, but she has to go home.
“: "I dance to Enrique Iglesias in the shower." - ”
Kathleen "Don't look at my mouth!" Battle would hate you for that.
Kyle Stanley, our own Gig Harbor champion, has all of us golfers in Washington state wearing ear to ear smiles. Way to go, Kyle!!
where are you and why are there Chinese people haha
"It's not that I'm addicted to chapstick" looks down at four chapstick tubes in purse "okay, maybe I have a problem" (upcoming post)
Perhaps life is just that... a dream and a fear.
Man I really hope this gets to Andy or his bro! I would really love to do what u guys do! I'm a hell of a fisherman! Followback
Michael Bills speaking now about innovation in a world that is consumer controlled
I've ben moving shit and lifting shit all day
just gave the worst audition of his semi-professional career. Bah.
Hit the road jack... Allen out!
If MOM says it's ok then I'm cool with that LOL
I'd say with the craptacular start we had, I'll take a 47-41 lead. C's still no more near as good as they can be. Let's hope 2nd half better
Listening to " Girl I Used To Know" you can too! Get it for free on their Facebook page today! :)
It might be the Holiday Season please be mindful, watchful and prayerful...Stop the violence!
Be careful in your wild west travels. We'll look for your tweets from a new zone but hope you find what you're looking for.
Calling it a night! Sweet dreams
damn it. I keep hoping you will announce a Minneapolis show.
And there go the historians, again.
Girl let beat, beat, beat that pussy DOWN !
Shopping in cali
Enthralled by "A Single Man" by #ChristopherIsherwood. Oh, fragile identity,
would love to see that game happen for sure. ...
Last day of midterms today.
Everyone should follow . She follows back! (:
i keep forgetting i have a facebook.
MLB approves all new owners.
thank you so much Jeff!
OMG! Thank you so much Colleen - you're an inspiration! Now let's win this round to honor your amazing support!
oh geez, this is supposed to be friendly, I don't even know how to work this thing yet BETH
RT, lol ": BOOTY CALL, Y U NO TELL ME PERIOD ON BEFORE I WASTE GAS?"
Didn't realize it till it was 2 late
Thank you for the RTs :)
Whenever I see Harry Connick Jr., all I see is his Simpsons character.
Issue Deadline - Today !!! Call now to advertise 323-965-1544... It's now time to advertise your Yom Tov Specials!
It is absolutely gorgeous outside & i have to write a 6 pg paper...
Thanks for the heads up! Sorry to hear that you were hacked...we didn't get a DM, thankfully!
They do. Especially if you need a set of them.
it sure does! I'm wearing black and gold anyways!!
I'm ready for it.
Is watching 'the wolfman'. With a snoring cat on my armpit. And man she is loud!
#wordsthatdescribeme, Heart of The King, ATribute to Elvis June 24th heartofthekingontour.com Makes a great fathersday gift
yeah buddy, I am great! :). How are you brother?
Thank you for YOUR hard work!! RT Thanks for following me. Keep up your important work.
fuckin' tweet limit
but did she get to the rooftop... :) “: nice! Have fun #socialbutterfly”
5 Cinco De Mayo Parade Today Going to watch it with the Boyfriend<3
So, I need help realizing a dream. Anyone looking to donate or sale a baby grand piano or grand piano? Lolol.. seriously though.
Some of my tweet pals got unfollowed. If U got unfollowed please let me know! can you RT this Please
She was having the most disgusting conversation ever with these two chicks in 3rd period...
I saw the other version of our scarf & you ladies will be thrilled No picture because we're changing 1 thing but I promise you will love it!
Have new stock of Naturally Smooth Flax Seed Hair Gel, Butter & Gely for Twists & Locs, Summer Skin Facial Moisturizer,
I know!!! It's a short season but I'll take what I can get!
I hope so! RT People, don't be afraid to make a change to get to a better place. You can do it.
I wish chong was my dad.
And informs us it's Goya's birthday! Happy birthday old man!
ignore that lol ...
congrats. Is Krause hoarse yet? We're on for tomorrow, details in email.
Me 2. My mom always made 2 dips...1 mayo based, 1 mustard based. I need to call for recipes & make artichokes!
I love this weather!........ Yeyyyy
nah...the old "orange you.." schtick never gets old. Can't go wrong with the classics!
Do the hardest thing for yourself. Stretch. Life starts when you step out of your boundaries.
Hard work, dedication. Shout out to the #MoneyTeam - #FloydMayweather, you're quite an inspiration man.
Those are my favorite articles to write! Pick out two or three fans to think of as you write a line or a paragraph lol
never that got nothin to lie about
In a short while my nail lady will witness the evidence of my sorry attempt to self-pedicure
TWITPIC IT
Hav sumthing nice 2 say!yall alwys cutting othrs up!Say smthing nice!w/o expecting anything in return.Do it cuz its the right way to b!!
Harper told me he is not embarrassed by bat-to-face incident and it would not change the way he plays or reacts to tough games
Your hands might hurt, your heart might ache and you might feel weak. But I believe In you. I love you I truly do.
Two weeks notice! Hello to my weekends again!!!
Why do you act? Really, I want to know...
awe I'm sorry :( that always makes for a bad night of work
Becoming a first time KEXP member.
I'm ready for summer
No, he didn't lose your number. Honey he's just not that into you.
Thanks to all participants in today's special Roundtable discussion! Have more questions? please contact
Are you serious? The #Chevy Cruze has #Facebook feed updates? Why? we have officially reached technology overload status...
Question : is it okay to go to Mifflin and not participate in dangerous, illegal activity? or is the mere attendance unethical?
LOVE that commercial!!
I need a double cheeseburger and hold the lettuce. Don't be frontin son, no seeds on the bun.
I would have went insane if i would have remained the same me
I'll be serving as an usher this AM at the going home service for Sister Beverly Webb. She was a lifelong healthcare professional
or cream cheese!
he was retweeting everyone! I was like Hey, what about us?!
Bored. Gonna go watch the Justin Bieber movie.
I stalk, therefore I am.
It's almost game time! Let's Go Giants!
Aldridge makes that, josh Smith bricks it...
cheers and thanks for having me on the pc pod-chat.
It's got a great rottentomatoes score! A lot of people seem to love it. I really don't understand the appeal
that was a little better
also COOKIE PUSS
Thanks for following Go check out hos work, fun illustrations.
I used to think that I knew what momentum was.......until NOW!! Wow! Blown Away! And so happy for so many!
Great morning and thanks for sharing my articles
You're very welcome Maureen!
A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs. via Funny Hellotxt
Please note that the Byron Janis Convocation, Screening/Reception & Masterclass masterclass is now at 3:30 on Friday (instead of 3 pm)!
I feel Like ill be using #sparknotes my entire life
dude just can't get nun.
There is no moral precept that does not have something inconvenient about it. Denis Diderot (1713 - 1784)
"he is the all time worse crier."
Well , Guess I'll Take My Little Ones To The Park Today .
“: #PBJ40u40 what's in the gift bag?” it's killing me too
You can come here and babysit for us all summer. Lol!!
I can die happy now....“: I like the old-school burrito myself, but that's your call. - Joe”
That's right, I deleted that tweet about the upersonics-Say because I don't want to jinx it. Okay.
we gonna start at 1230
I look forward to reading #BunnyTails! xo
complain complain complain geeze
oh girl...turn around NOW! :)
Just in, iPhone 4 32 GB for AT&T. iOS4 for those looking to unlock them.
Text us next time you go. We're always up for it! My back is always a mess. Some days are better than others. So excited for Mon!
Oh, yum. Want peanut butter. I don't even like coconut, but the chocolate coconut sounds amazing.
Your pic is a true masterpiece sexy mami!
"I'll Have Another" - What Obama said after eating a dog and the winner of the Kentucky Derby.
very excited to be writing for the examiner in Providence soon! on educational technology...
Fiesta Bowl winners get a world-class education; oh, wait...that's 2nd prize: “: At least our grads are employable. #exceptme”
Listening to the Washington/Mississippi State game at the gallery, trying out twitter for the first time.
inspiring talk! So glad to have you as a part of #Tribecon !
Exactly. I know about the risks and the trouble with stalkers. But I still thought that article was pretty interesting.
Truth....those roles fall into the "sob story genre". How do we break the mold?
aww shiiit! I HAVE to go see that!
In Atlantic City girls weekend getaway once more. Not the same. Economy sucks!
Thanks Lynn. Much obliged. p.s. My Twitter use is random and sporadic, hence the delay.
Why didn't you bitches tell me that Project Runway was on?!
creeping, thats cool?
these last few weeks of school are gonna kill me -___- can't wait till it's freaking over!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm curious, how many mayor campaigns agree that anon or attack dog feeds have ruined #sfmayor feed and hurt SF? It's a shame.
hell yeah dude.
So what the hell is up in the land of politic$? I was numb most of today after stupor tuesday....
no way it clearly favors the prosecution. O'Mara is really good. he'll likely inject doubt in every shred of evidence.
Wii Bowling! <3
hungry & heading to lulu's.join me if you want..otherwise ill drop by here&now show afterwards.
Hey, I can watch Better Off Dead on this plane. Not the most encouraging title but still...
Hosting at Lux right now with my girl with music by
Get your long run in this weekend and continue to build a great base for your fall marathon, The Indianapolis Monumental Marathon!
Everytime I go through airport security, I think of him. Everytime my Arab Americans are pulled aside to be searched, I think of him.
still no pizza dude, so for now im jammin out to drink in my hand
I'm going to BWI to greet the #Orioles! Who's with me?
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 84
Eat too much at Thanksgiving? Try our Mini Pollo Verde Burrito today--$6.50
RIP junior seau
they'd be idiots not to id em.
now i'm too excited to sleep. it's my birthday, not Christmas.
"laura, do you need a bra CAM-ISS?" (aka bra cami) ohh, jordan... :)
don't worry be happy...Prosser back up
Downloading 's #TheWindow once I get home from being out w/ my mom
Good morning..... afternoon, Los Angeles.... Where shall we adventure today?
Last time the colts won, I took a piccolo snare to church.
What a day.
you a bitch, bitch.
a very vague tweet. What is this in reference to?
What also drove me nuts was when I'd read a magazine and someone spelled it as "Cal Ripkin"
If Your Reading This Mikey I Wanted To Tell You I Love You So Much(: This Is How long I Will Love You. ∞ ∞ ∞ Infinite ∞ ∞ ∞
i think that about sums it up...WTF?!?! who thinks this is a good idea?
The vegan cupcake arrived Perfect day
Google's homepage is dedicated to him today ha
Success is when reality catches up to your imagination.
what's up my friend... missed you in DC you still on tour?
How do you create community as a leader? Celebrate the little things as well as the big wins.
Ok so I guess this iPad really is messed up..I can't get it to turn on..tried everything. Any tips??
Doing very well, thanks! Enjoying the hell out of our LA weather today! How is school coming along? What's your major?
madness is the new black
lol im nt rly sure if its good or bad...
Question from an audience member: "Games for learning? Like 'Who Wants to be a Millionaire?'" Well... No. Goodness no.
has an unnatural obsession with breakfast foods
Where are you thinking??
your better then on his signature saying ! Go Dahvie!
God i love the Marty chants. You have gotta love the MSG crowd
Today's life lesson: Almost no one has more power to screw things up than a lawyer.
"Beyonce- Irreplaceable" remember this !!!!!
RT : A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.
If the fog doesn't clear maybe could swing by and get you in his #SMILEcon go-cart.
Contest time! Here's the deal: Our 200th follower will receive a $20 gift certificate! We'll ALSO give one away to one lucky follower (cont)
Get your TAN ON! *Grab a bottle of Carmel Coated lotion for only $25!!! Mystic Instant Tans are 5 for $55!!! Specials for TODAY ONLY!*
There is a hidden meaning behind all events, and this hidden meaning is serving your own evolution
Oh yea, great acting against Tyson Chandler the other day. Impeccable brilliance! RT : LeFlop fo sho
Man idk y my body is so sore
oh god, i shudder to think of that prospect
New music video comes out tomorrow...
#thevoice is rigged. Why is it that two guys with existing singing gigs win?
No room for flaws I see
Pls warn if Lovitz is going to co-host, so can skip that HBO. Brad, Bill, Catherine are SO good when Kev is out. Even Ace ok
This rapper is doing his thing
Planning a party/special event? We know how to party! Let us show you & your guests the best way to capture the occasion. Contact us today!
I love my kids, but some days I just don't want to be a 9 yr old boy with them.
Talking to Rj nd he said he dedicated a song to me then outta my system starts playin,so i hung up nd he texted me with a broken heart! :(((
how did the exam go?
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
working out while being sick surprisingly makes me feel a bit better
My Brother got on my phone and unfollowed 2O People -.-
Icant wait.. Tomorrow I see my love
has been extremely exhausted all day long, didnt nap so i would go to bed early it's not 2:30 am so much for that...
We want to know- Who has already signed up for the #delmarmudrun?
Thanks for the love @ LQ last night
thanks for the tip! Currently studying Cuba in one of my IR classes. I miss you!
^missed but maybe I catch him rising the vator in his building. Also wonder if he knows my pal
Still can't hold any food down :(
Kicking off #WRAD early with a visit from storyteller Megan Hicks, better known as the Origami Swami
...when writers only have more distractions.
That's clearly your "imagined community." :-) Mine's smaller--a Venn diagram of publishing people, fans, Japanists, scholars.
The smartest thing about paying $4 for a bottle of smart water is that you can refill it and look like you're ballin with your tap water.
I AM!! RT Who else is excited to see #U2 at FedEx Field tonight?
Most welcome -- B
kelly calm your tits
Wasted season #Packers so much for a dynasty
POTUS at Georgetown waterfront, set to address workers on importance of infrastructure investment at 11:30
Don't use environment variables for setting up assembly references. Two versions of the same solution have to use the same variable(s)
Denver needs to pack up and go home
they cn be rude too (very rude)
New Year's Eve won't be the same without
lets have a good week everyone
in schools
Just celebrated our 16th. Doc says I have sleep apnea. You make me wonder if it might be a strategically placed pillow?
to all my sweet tweet's log in and sign up : www.coalitiontosaveamerica.com come on and let 's do it together.WE ARE CALLED AMERICANS!!!!!!!
no dramas cane farmer? no big deal or no problem, right? Think the sleep helped. LOL.
no fun
yea I can't stand "diva" behavior especially from kid and teen actors. I was raised in the south what can I say ha
Haha, what are you doing over on the east side?! You're not far from my house lol.
where do we sign?
Had fun at the fair today! Got to see a pig race and see goofy animals haha
Hey #SLAMR friends & fans, make sure you 'like' our #fb page goo.gl/KxFhv for relay info, runners looking for teams & giveaways!!
chile, NO. I was trying to track some luggage for
Great event! RT : For those of you lucky enough to be coming to the IWC party tonight prepare to be blown away!
Mitt should release his college transcripts, & do it with a flourish.": Dems re: Romney's "secrecy,"
Gotta love OT wins. Only being able to gamecast from school makes it that much more nerve racking
finding myself annoyed by the inconsistencies in the #cataloging of my pubic library--some titles r capitalized like sentences others arent
Thanks for following. Hope I have something to say.
EEk...just realized my Twiiter account unfollowed lots of my friends...so sorry, it wasn't me!!!
My mom asked me if I wanted a weave .....O.o
“: love is another kind of warfare”<<~~~emotional warfare
3.5 hours into #standingatwork competition—All contestants still on their feet ( ).
thanks for UTube vid on the fascia congress, fascinating!
Triangulating with tax cuts. Cantor visualizing himself at the podium.
Good to see Nimoy back on
ocean's 11 son. We're not buying anything.
Why you gotta be so far, u is too fine. In America.
congrats to the ladies of for another amazing year!
neither really! i just thought it was interesting.
Heard that's great. I have been trying to see it for weeks! Maybe I'll make it this weekend.
Thank you so much for everything today!! LOVED it and all the food :) AWESOME party planner!!! See you tomorrow!
howdy doody hope all is well
Well keep me updated, there are is a Facebook page dedicated to Aaron's work and some stuff on ebay.
Sign of the times that when I hear West Bank I think Gaza.
Microwave Nachos Homemade nachos in less than 10 minutes? Yes, it's entirely possible with this super easy microwave nachos recipe . All
Twitter I've been neglecting you
Man for real MCA being gone fucked up my day.
I think you are being twitter creeped best friend & not by me! :P
Thanks to for including us at tonight's "Schools on the Brink" forum!
#worldwide #unsigned #artists #producer #DJ #rapper #singer upcoming #models #comedians #entertainers alike for more exposure get @ me
Driving back to #Atl from tally. Long and boring in this rain
I haven't seen anything! I thought he'd have it ready for the presenters by now...idk
I love green $AAPL's on a day like this.
And who misused your/you're.
A member of the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee criticises banks for not lending enough to businesses and asks if they are "ris
c'mon Falcons
Lol at spelling Lana's name wrong!
Driving to Portland tomorrow and picking CDs (yes I'm old skool like that) which U2 album should I take?
Don't worry about the people in your past,there is a reason they didnt make it to your future
I switched to tweetchat from tweetdeck, easier to keep up
Yankee gaame tomorrow:)
finished it in 6 hours?!?! dear lord, it must be good!!!
Whole Foods & PCC, quit pretending your prepared meals are organic. Ask at the deli counter - what they say..its too expensive to do that!
no but i have a bunch of other shoes in 10
ah then you're forgiven! :D
that would be good but... i'm the whitest girl out there haha
‎. i hope you don't mind if i say what i feel ..
Years ago mentor taught me New England only has 3 months good weather From him I also learned studio photography where sun is always shining
WHOA AM I REALLY DAT WET?
Ice Cream done right, locally, by Cedar Crest. One scoop only $1.99 only today.
The very end of 2nd street?
Looking for a way to get out of doing the leg work for that upcoming graduation party? We are your one-stop shop! www.sazs.com
Just watched a man take half a watermelon out a produce bin, take several bites from it, and replace said watermelon half.
Twista- overnight celebrity
FESU Will be taking our songs to the stage headlining Mercury Lounge in NYC on December 5th. Cupcakes will be served. Damn Right!!!
Watching the Malice at the Palace, Ron Artest doesn't really do that much..
Shout out to gurl tho, she me and my niggas favorite hoe!
Teaching Generation M is listed as one of VOYA's "Essential Books for Professionals Who Serve Teens."
The spirit of a hustler and the swagger of a college kid.
haha no worries
Pacers beat Heat IN MIAMI BISHHH! So proud of George Hill! <3
You Can't Explain Something To Somebody If They Don't Want To Listen.
#slpeeps what is your method for getting carryover to happen? My old methods don't seem to be working as well?
Geometry, I hate that.
I am always doing things I can't do. That is how I get to do them.
Rita Rudner~ Neurotics build castles in the air psychotics live in them. My mother cleans them.
Kevin bot knows
So the debate has shifted from jobs to the debt ceiling...again! Hurry up November 6
Congrats to for their continued success!!
wow, best name on twitter! I love it!
- Enjoyed watching you play for the DUCKS this year. I wish you the best in the future!
after some hours of Mexican music and fireworks, neighbors blasting The Cure greatest hits album for Cinco de Mayo afterparty
Great. TB Rays are in Detroit all week (where I just left) & the Orlando Rays changed names to the Biscuits & moved to Montgomery, AL :(
IM BLACK!
...which can actually warp the architecture of the brain in ways that make these children more vulnerable to anxiety and depression ...
Check out Juilliard Jazz All Stars, After Hours at Dizzy's Club Coca Cola, April 12th through 16th! www.jalc.org/dc/c_afterhours09.asp
They want a lady on the street but a freak in the bed;)
Please pray for his family. They are morning, but know he is in a much better place in God's loving arms. He will be missed by many.
No problem, glad to help spread the word. No suggestions in particular at the moment. Very informative, easy to navigate. Me like!
My wife is job searching (banking/finance) in the KC. Any way of making sure the right people see her application?
Just paid my phone bill. I have had 959 texts in 10 days. Hooray for unlimited plans!
What's the most creative thing you've done recently?
It's not too late to place your order for Customized Calendars for 2012.. Call NYC Printing 123 for more information at 646.833.8085/...
Starbucks, oh how I love thee.
very true but he's been having those good moments also!!!
ha ha!! The difference between the #pats and #sox. #pats always give you a chance not like this crap that's on the field!!!
Have to send my OWN #FollowFriday to and Pretty awesome teenage bloggers! We have to stick together!
i keep listening to 60's 70's music man and i am not even from that time i am 23. this music keeps me happy every day
I believe Spring weather has officially arrived and it feels GREAT!!!
My weekends always blow. Playing virtual fighter.
Stepping on class sucks:(
": Hope everyone has a wonderful Easter #Heisrisen"
You getting pedal-prepared for Pelotonia?
Back of shirt: "Don't pass me....I'm not in your age group"
Word to the wise: hot choc car bomb at has chocolate in it. cc/
Yes! Next gen library administration allow for experimentation and are not afraid of failure.
yay! Me too! See you ladies tonight for a margarita:)
Thanks man! Yeah, hoping it won't be too long!
Just bought my #CincinnatiReds tickets!
You left out how it worked out master...we crave some wisdom!! :)
Ugh came home to a stuffy apartment. It's spring now. We're in Texas.
Just saw "pina" as it is finally out in san francisco theatres. To Americans who probably never got to see her dances-go see it now!!!
seriously?!?! Birth control in the hands of old men. Give me a break! I need to rethink my vote in nov
Exactly what CMS in education need to focus on...the mashup!
I'm starting to really love church a lot. Having something to believe in; God. >
Happy New Year everyone!!!!!
Just saw Ben Stiller in #nyc, nbd.
Welcome to !
what is that
I already posted that to! Gosh keep up! Haha just kidding!
What's it going to be, are you willingly walking away from this?
#directionerproblems when you have to explain how the boys are gay, but they are.
shower time(: then school tomorrow..ugh
Not gonna miss you when you're dead & gone.
text me
let's be honest the anaconda vice would be in your future.
#mycrushof2011 woman that can play sax *fans myself* lol
I remember I bought that. Smh. RT : Fuck I'm doing listnen to the Da Band album bruh
Ah, the lovely smell of spring and trash swirling in the wind.
RT OMG WAIT AM I TRIPPIN?????? I THOUGHT TODAY WAS MONDAY???? WAIT WHAT DAY IS IT? 1 minute ago from web
So if Coco goes does a MiLB rehab, can we just not tell him when the bus leaves?
Have you gotten your PS bumper sticker? Send us a pic of where you put your sticker & receive 1 free order of breadstix!...
o ok. how
Oops. :/ RT : You better have been enjoying the hell out of Alki today. This weather is perfect.
...great white buffalo...
Lol no. I think I was just looking at someone's twitter and I started following random people they were following.
I did the SAME THING! lol!
lol! I was at UCLA studying Japanese when he died. :(
Whenever I hit the grocery store, without fail, I hear the All-American Rejects and some band would approve of.
I can't get over DMX on Couples Therapy on VH1 B...
if you forget why you're doing something or lose inspiration, it helps to remember the original event or person that first inspired you.
HELP change her mind! Shes trying to commit suicide! Please help! Please!! Somehow just help!
Turnovers, turnovers, turnovers
Every act you have ever performed since the day you were born was performed because you wanted something.
Just played for the first time! It's awesome! We should get a thing going. I wonder if & would join...?
Drunk?! Where is Dakota? I'm callin CPS 0_0
Lie down with dogs and you wake up with a raise and a promotion
Nothing formal, but galleries will be open. de la Cruz collection and others have things planned.
ToddHeap shows his love for B-more by taking out ad thanking fans. He could further show his love by scoring me some fantasy points.
