Ion even wanna be bothered anymore
Good morning all! Dad has asked about breakfast yet. But he's still focused on my mom's.
hey ive been here for a while old man! haha see u in less than two weeks J!
Okay, im done... sorry mitch... love ya(;
I don't care what the nutrition label says, Top Ramen noodles are DELICIOUS.
What artist would score the soundtrack for your life?
Damn you Jelly Bean... #FAKERS vs
‘All men’s miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.’ ~Blaise Pascal
Gadzooks. RT : Broncos meeting with Peyton Manning, offering roughly $90 million over 5 years ... Re-calibrating first report.
welcome to the mojo!
welcome home! LA missed you!
Its May 1st! Which Side Are You On?
Craving a Dyers right about now
#republicans explain to me why adding millions of people to a market is a job killer?
Leaving LA Fitness.... Hooped all day... Now bout to be sore... And got the fight tonight.. fml
IN NYC!!! AT THE STUDIO!!! WE REALLY DO THIS SHIT!! WORK HARD!!!
I guess "because I live here" isn't an acceptable answer to the question, "why are you peeing with the door open?"
Having so much anxiety you get sick
Its Okay :)
EXpressions: Say what?
Lmaooo RT : 'Look at that big long piece of meat that lady has in her cart from the deli.Is that a big dildo?'-my grandma. XD
Hm.... wild bird... um.... Herman. definately. its such an epic name :D
": You don't do it on purpose, but you make me shake."
well there you go! (:
lol yar I did text you back. Bad Hailey! She is a bad lady
Landed in Portland. Now at a rehearsal studio in what appears to be Murderville, Oregon. It's run be a metal head motorcyclist in a kilt.
Instead of trying to be sexy after 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100; I wish people would try to be mature and wise
yeah i heard some people act fake there as well etc. and lol
I'm ready to be sure I never become that way again, cause who I am hates who I've been. .
workflow is an application
I tried doing that station at camp one yr but kids these days just cant catch like the 60/70's Russian Players
I just wanted you to know that when you meet me on the Believe tour, I will be the one that slaps your butt ;)
Or just hear about it later...
Really getting tired of
You get used to the city pretty quickly. Are you here for fun?
no it's nothing new lol did you poop a chicken from the other day?
The Where's Waldorf - without question. Never had anything else amazingly!
please dont send spam this way
Adding Salvation Mountain to my bucket list.
I'd take that as a challenge, but it's close to my bed time and I don't have the motivation to. I take my sleepy time seriously.
Looking for the right massage therapist? Check to make sure they are licensed in your state, ask friends for their massage therapist.
Norah Jones "Little Broken Hearts" vinyl finally came in the mail! It's even better than I anticipated..
This is day four without #dietcoke. The things I do!
Make Indian pancakes!
AP tests are next week. Tech week is next week. My scholarship audition is next week.
Lmao my Wow account got hacked again
For me too. I'm scared.
#IdRatherHave Pokemon over any other game
Bout to smoke one while I jam these traxx
watching dazed and confused
that sucks buddy! When did they tell u this
pink slime pink slime pink slime
At Dane Dems school board forum. Candidates preparing to speak.
we'll figure it out.
Im in fifth grade and coach earl asked me to practice soccer with varsity
i know it is def contributing to my procrastination. how is student teaching?
Waiting for the guilt to kick in.
Hey Chris! Welcome to Twitter! :)
it is a bit funny:)
Just woke up -.o I have so much homework to do, gotta get a good GPA before this school year ends P.S. don't slack in school like how I do
i'm sorry, i won't say anymore ._.
Meh. Lost another 4k last hand before break. Folded KQs to lead on Qxx flop in 3b flop. I felt way behind. 17k on brk
Lob city Win what a fucking crazy ass playoff games od crazy lets go lob city
that would be a Start to FUN!! *wink*
Hey it's BK, When (if) you play the lottery, do you pick your own #'s? When (if) you win, what charity are you going to help out?
Theres only one person that can tell you you cant make it, and thats yourself.
good choice
Hard life for women #CivilWar Camps. Cooks, Laundresses, Nurses, & Whores. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle Free Prime
they be bumping balls LMAOOOOOOOO“: 😳😳 I see u and chase gettin kanky 😁😁😁 freeakayyy”
#scarymovierulestoliveby if you find a shotgun laying around while being chased by the monster, don't bother. He's f***ing with you.
NF FOLLOW BACK
Those professionals who once had high base salaries, expense accounts and company cars are now really taking it on the chin. How to adapt?
Turn me on on on
“: 33 and LOVING it here!” it looks good on you!
I hate it when you don't reply to someone and then they blow your phone up with texts.. Just .
I'm sure he deserves his punishment. The young are extra just.
Turns out Nautica really neutralizes B.O.
I proposed that to IT 3 years ago !!!!
What did you have for lunch, ? If you're still hungry, come enjoy a delicious pizza, calzone or pasta with us!
Tht one thing u want to still remain is u to u not me
Congrats to on her new baby! & the fam :D Love you all!
that's what I do not to be nice to others but to be nice to future me. :-)
OOH sounds like a date. Let's go 😍
Still getting things ready for HOB on Sept 5th. Dont have ur FREE tix yet?! Send us a DM with an address so we can get them out!
Watching Celebrity Apprentice, and not such a fan of Clay Aiken...kinda snarky
You only live once, so live it up to the fullest
well, first i'd give you a big hug! and then i'd probably wake up from my dream -__-
now accepting gas money donations and iced coffees- im easy to please
": We sure weren't lying when we said 2012 would be Austin's year<3"
Four more weeks and than its all over. :-)
I just got the Nook Simple Touch Glow. It's really cool. I'm reading at the backyard and it's evening.
Hey guys... can you take this link down. We sent it early on accident. Sorry about the confusion!
Love my Boston Fans!!! Keep the tweets coming
RT EcommerceJobs: PRO BUSINESS: "San Mateo's CafePress moving headquarters to Louisville, KY" (San Jose Mercury News) ...
please tweet me anything will be nice :)1
I got so much anger inside of me.
Our drivers are dodging bullets in the form of hail on the road right now. Everyone be careful out there!
Why are people driving up and down Queen Anne Hill? Don't they see the closed road signs?
Here is a pro tip: scan the QR code in their ad on pg3 of our current issue to DL the official SBW app! It's SO HELPFUL!
Purple lean chillin
your 9am is in reception
Ha, nice pun!:) & YES, great day to play today! Enjoy the Sun!! RT :
6 is good with me. I second the healthy options. Something like virgin olive market?
Well idont sweetie. It was my opinion or thought grow up plz. Be Blessed
When will you come to Singapore again?
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Tighten up
So it begins...": Can't Wait! *Bart Scott Voice* LOL RT : you are all set #grooveswedding"
hows your day? :D
It's raining. And I'm at work. And I'm bored. And I'm soaked. And... I've run out of things to say.
far and away you are my inspiration to continue to play GK at 40 in our outdoor league. I thank you. (my knees hate you tho)
Captain Planet, Green Lantern, Superman, Batman, Jesus. RT : Signed baseball who best predicts my Top 5 Superhero list.
Guess ill share with twitter
well then F you too.
Love seeing brands use experiential to drive ambassadorship. It has to be a commitment.
I'm at Club Bed with Dj Robyn playing nothing but the Z!!!! Goodnight World.
The fans who really go hard for me > #TeamRomanZyion, Just don't know the things yall say the comments yall make are just priceless! #Love!
I thought the NLCS was over.....
UPDATE: The results are in, with the SCVNGR team winning 4 of the 7 games played but HubSpot prevailing during the final round
A Stone Cold Stunna, victim Steve Austin
he deserves that injury
I was trying to cultivate that at on Saturdays - but there were so many obstacles. Beer Run isn't bad not the decor
Christmas shoppin :) can't wait 2 eat!!! Turkey, stuffing, roast potatoes, cookies, ice cream nd a whole bag of M&M's !!
I'd kill to be graduating tonight..
Sitting here playing Nintendo 64 with
I have only played the first. You mean to tell me the other two are worse?
I accidentally turned images off in firefox.... the net with no images is a sad dreary place.
I spent most of the day adjusting settings so I could see text. It's amazing how big fonts have to be.
Time to head out tomorrow and drop off resumes to businesses
Up early. Glad to be feeling and doing great :-)
SWEET TAP LINE!! been waitin to hear ya throw some melody down :)
I love you, my pretty friend
I sent you a few emails. I want to start working with you. I look forward to hearing from you.
Sweet- can't wait to see video!
Thanks BGA RT : BGA watchdog efforts pay off. Reform comes to Chi. Park Dist. after invests. Details on www.bettergov.org
Want to give a big Thanks! To all my followers!
I would really appreciate it if my parents would stop arguing. Like Stfu.
Survived yesterday's quiz on trademark infringement, now on to reading about copyright infringement!
Painting faces/bodies for free tonight at 5 Sonic drive-in's! Come get some art on! 5-8 call for details! 453-0936
um I'm scared now...
I am finally gonna meet her! Haha
Why is my stomach making such weird noises..?
YES! Someone DID notice my theme song #AAM2012 :D I can go home happy now
We are excited to have perform tomorrow at Amber Live! Don't miss his performance 10PM-1AM 21+ No cover.
unfortunately would lose.
I love when a woman dresses like a lady n struts so sexC yet humble
thank you sir!
Today we honor our Veterans past and present.
Tickled pink to see so many people standing up to protect the Internet from #SOPA #PIPA #MPAA & types in this world.
@ #smwspicysalsa hoping to learn me some social media for npos
BE PROUD, as is one of my closest friends who lives in the heart of Mexico City and is also a very proud Mexican.
I might prefer the spanking....
Being really stoned and then putting in eyedrops. Your friends are like "are you crying?!"
I know, right? I'm sure a library conference will be there sooner or later.
I'll never look at a taco the same again :'/
Dad: You spend too much money on records. Look, here is a record you should buy for $40. Great.
Everyday is a great day to be creative!
It is important to your success to know "WHY?" you are doing what you are doing...
Happy New Years Everyone! MT is continuing to improve in functionality and looks!
RT Advertising begins only after you win attention of your target, a difficult thing to do in a world that has become de-sensitized
then sent bra.
Do you like U.S. history?
thank you
Congrats to all the #MonumentAve10K participants!
I'm telling ur MOM! Bahahaha RT : Fuck Shit Bitch Ass God Damn...(No family on twitter accnt)
talk about misplaced priorities.
I wish I could remember who was interviewed on NPR (On Point or On the Media) a few years ago explaining that EULAs/TOSs...
Wanna see untucked #RPDR from last week? Showing it NOW !
Also: hopes, dreams, souls... RT : It smells like something died in this post office. Probably someone waiting in line.
todays going to be rough.
ya like as in tater tots hahah
I'm convinced #kubball goes in cycles - two mid-major upsets and a title, two mid-major upsets and a title. This must be our year.
following u
PEMDAS (Please Excuses My Dope Ass Swagg)
Great interview on #weather.com of UMW COAR who helped with tornado cleanup in Tennessee. Watch them again at 10:40 and 11:40 this morning.
what am I listening to? lol.. I lend my laptop out and has all this music uploaded in it.. lol where's my folder???
Well I thought the veggie panini was divine! Overall positive reviews, looks like we're ordering again!
#cheeseface having a sweet hair day! Go O's!
DUDE! was it your BDAY yesterday! Didn't know. Happy Birthday and Good Luck today
Omelette you finish...
haha, glad you enjoyed it... have a fun last couple weeks dude
wtf kind of crazy shenanigans are you pulling?
driving hour ;)
Congratulations to Anthony Benoit from Los Angeles, CA. He was the winner of today's noon tournament.
Watching Family Guy with Viggle 5/20 | 9PM | FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Sad day.... I heard it was good, but hadn't tried it yet. RT : This just in: Alphadog in Riverside is closing.
I must love pressure! Paper due first thing in the morning, about ti listen to this new while I work
New Study - Soc media exposure to brand results in improved lower funnel search behavior.
Looking for food in Hartford CT... I'm not used to walking a block w/o passing two dozen restaurants.
Hard to blame JW bc still HC.Y current HC's shoudn't be in studios RT Jay Wright said it was great coaching by Anthony Grant
will do a contest that is fair 4 everyone and only the people who follow can win
Come warm your belly with some VEGGIE CHILI, and your heart with ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR!!!!!
not a date lol
Sunday is the week begin day - this is what I learned today
and Chad Lucas are 3 strong character men from the '11 #Nighthawks season & continue to make us proud.
Hah plzzzz.. I under dress to make u secure about ur look lmao
SB45 Biz Lesson # 21: Leverage the best equipment to your advantage.
What's w/ eating bugs on #doomsdaypreppers for radiation fallout? They do know bugs will be contaminated too right
Just returned from teacher EPIC Graduate Tech class.. The teachers have recommended others from their district attend. Good sign!
bout to be baked!
Love it! I especially like 6, 8, 9 - Great reminders for creating a positive atmosphere & encourage learning
Clemson lost a heartbreaker to Virginia Tech last night. Couldn't talk about it immediately afterward. Too sad/upset.
Where can I get a good salad?
Got that crazy courage
RT : It really sucks when the one person that can make you happy is the one person that made you cry.
I'm a CPA with a firm based out of McLean if you are still looking.
Hey Erica! I think it's just pineapple cake with a topping of pineapple mixed with cool whip. It's good! Hope you're well!
Thx It was a good recovery run after Urban Cow this Sunday. RT : Welcome back! Hope you're having a great workout!
Sick of fussing with senseless people, it's really is pointless and a complete waste of God given breath. SMH @ myself
Contact today to start your marketing campaign! Its a 1 Stop Shop! Email blasts, Social media & Ground marketing & more! DM me now!
Thanks for the retweets! &
Smiling. Cause God is still God...and I have two DiFara's pies sitting in front of me
aiight word, imma be hyped to get some time with a beat
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  19
says more about their callers than the fans!
Loved playing last night even though our "covers" were all originals - look for us to HEADLINE there coming up!
Well I hope for your sake (and baseball), he comes back 100% and back to his former self. BTW, tell Bucholtz to get it together!
Woke up from dreaming this morning thinking I was on my way to the beach! Reality can be so cruel sometimes.
that Chevrolet commercial had to be up there. Especially with the Twinkie reference
Thanks for giving our new service a try!
Off to grab coffee with a client at Panera's.
Oh yeah, seen them with Goo Goo dolls at summer fest in Milwaukee a few years back.
It's so weird when you see the biggest douche-bag have really kind parents.
Being very careful not to sickle your feet in everything you do.
Ouch. Okay this is getting ridiculous. Out of nowhere this triangle just went to a square. Not my fault, it was SO random!!!
Watching Demi Lovato's documentary... I love her. :)
We are having fun thinking of baby names so far we both have agreed with one! Keeping our fingers crossed that fertility treatment works. <3
“: when you coming over I miss you!” awkward...I don't miss you. And I'm looking at photo albums dawg.
Staggering statistics for mobile use in the world can save your customers time
A schedule defends from chaos and whim. - Annie Dillard
Noo, not really :D
Indeed bro $alute!
idk what to draw
Paul Ryan? LOL. Really?
I kinda hate him
Then why did you just follow us today? And I'm surprised you're replying to me....
Watching coach carter and the game
Congratulations to #SDSU #Aztecs on their MWC tournament championship!
Who's Got A traffic Tip for Me Today?
Follow me please!!:)
Am answering a survey from as I am watching beat up on the mavs. Politics & sports--a nearly perfect evening.
I don't get why ppl go on myspace still. I even forgot how to use it.
#chicultural2012 The most important thing about 86 plan was the process and to show municipality that the arts mattered 2 people in chicago
Hatin on and b/c their real..
There are moments when people share things with you that remind one of what relationships are. #2xin3days I appreciate my friends.
ROI is key factor in b2b
Every time I listen to Ruth, it makes me get all emotional she's incredible
Is it me or does Toby Anstis sound like a gay
the venue for tomorrows show is next to a gentlemans club
just got fabric samples from #spoonflower color may need some serious tweeking. back to the color chart
I am really ready to make some music #ThePlot!
I need an iPhone case. Who wants to give me one?!
“: You guys smells delicious!! Lmao (:” <3 thanks you as well! ha
chill. Your the only one acting hard
Thanks for following!
Every time i eat pizza i burn the roof of my mouth
Thanks for the follow !
The world today doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do? ~Pablo Picasso
NO BUT I WILL SIGN OUR POTATOE AGAIN...WE NEED TO TUNE IT!!! v___V and will you ever get it back!? xD
Cannot wait for Put your Hearts up to come out!
Thanks for registering for #umbcsocial. I look forward to meeting you in January.
Great stuff
i like mix CDs
Just because that i say I GIVE UP doesnt mean im weak,its cuz i was too strong for along time..
Just coppd them new Dior's at the Grove now...Farmers market babyy
replace "goldfish" with "humans" and i'm right there with ya
How he gnna wake up & not love me no more? I thought I was the asshole, guess its rubbing off
So tired.
GM #follow this group of dynamic women and stay udated with the latest is #Atlanta. #nowfollowing them you should too!!!
Nothing like some Common and Nas in the morning ...
Anyone have a Google contact I cn borrow?Private e-mail posted on Maps & need 2 get removed. Requests via Google site so far ignored.DM me
My eyes burn! Someone bring me eye drops D:
I'm gettin money
Operation: Senior-Skip-Day-But-Act-Like-It's-A-College-Day is in session.
For the record prezi tends to make me motion-sick. What should we be teaching kids about presentations? Digital footprint an eternity-
It distracting me too much, so you're welcome :)
thanks for the follows!
Sure is RT : Shes missin in action RT : I miss my boo thang anyone see her???
There is apparently a law that allows rounding down of speed limit instead of rounding up.
I say?
I'm going to start a jam band and call it Lowercase 9.
the log on GMC is HD. Just mute the music.
Half time score. Kings down by 6. 50 to 44.
cool thanks
AUSTIN!!! If you follow me I will be you for Halloween and when I hand out candy I'll hand them a flyer with your info on it
on a much more positive note, FA Gail on flt 1777 #DCA - #CLT remembered me & was very nice. Great customer service.
is that a human?
The last supper at dining courts...for this year! Can't believe how fast it went by!
Love Seattle hope to get over there soon! How's the HipHop scene there?
The real her
Now we just need Europeans to start buying American
Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level
No Jesus no peace, know Jesus know peace. John 14:27
I am at work :) what are u doing ?
I am determined to find at least one of them in the city! Sleep deprived or not!
This is my first post on Amplify! #myfirstpost --will by checking this out Judy.
and you can get JNCO jeans but they slow you down.
did you guys have opinions on the #Redskins picks other than RGIII? I'm curious because you guys never spoke on it.
Loving the google doodle! Happy birthday, Mies
hottie of the week 5 is definitely a hottie. Okay, so you have the best taste in guys.
says that Evidence-Based Practice is an emerging trend- , take Rousseau's Evidence-Based Mgt class!
Hey . Hey . You . Yup you,! Go follow this amazing little girl <--- yuup her,! go now,! ^.^
Urgent message! Dems 40 canvassers short for tmw. Leave Brittingham Park at 9:30 with carpools. e-mail
do you have event to attend? Come up to Point tonight, Central Waters 14th party going on and live music!
RT : A4: I work for the govt, so I go to state govt job sites. They sometimes don't get posted elsewhere.
Trying to be someone you're not.
“: Dear God, today I woke up. I am healthy. I am alive. thank you.”
I also said the heat would lose looks like im 1 for 2 hahah
okay I'll be outside warren at 11
That's a really nice picture.
Eat the pussy til she cry
Ah no way!
mother-fuckin' Mick Taylor
your school burned down? lol
Join THE PHILLY FAN'S CODE author Mike Tanier for a book signing & trivia @ The Field House, 1150 Filbert Street in Phila, 12/1 @ 7:30pm
": These drunk people outside my house <<<" rite tho, same here !
#rg3 welcome to the #nfceast i'm sure piere paul and d ware will welcome you with open arms
yes from Lawton.
Beer. Nuff Said.
yeah he is allowed one screw-up after that huge 3.
Dude you made me cry, and i was so happy that jerk went to jail! Your an amazing actress you inspire me so much!<3
15 minutes before tipoff and ODU and Drexel bands played competing versions of Cee-Lo Green's Forget You or F You.
Hey, y'know what we're thankful for? YOU! Happy Thanksgiving, world!
I love the rain :]
No worse feeling than sitting in the service dept getting car fixed cuz u know the hidden cost is coming..betcha $200 turns into $400
Thanks for the RT.
Let this rain cleanse the earth may your day's be filled with unlimited blessings!!!
#BandsILove Breaking Benjamin
I consider your Flickr membership my greatest achievement to date :)
In Portland! And I feel it all around.
and yet is remarkably well preserved ;)
Dear #Soccer parents: The phrase "COACHES TAPE" does not refer to the individual responsible for ALWAYS purchasing it.
Yeah but it won't hurt him. This will be forgotten about really quickly. Winning cures everything, and Bo's win pct is good enough.
Coventry Pentagon
a couple of reasons why
I have onee :) Only made it cause of Austin, but he never goes on, neither do I
I found out! :D
there ya go RT : nope! sucks major. Never fly them
Selling two sets of Ultra tickets lmk
“: It aint Thug Life! It's #PlugLife now. Let the people know!”
no idea yet!
It looks dumb
Left my keys in the lock, shut the door than freaked out about where I put my keys...
of NRG saying that the boyz were going to the 2013 tour.
Reality Replica: Karina Smirnoff
hahaha someone got to change the bed sheets now =p
"You must create an environment where people feel safe sharing different opinions and questioning policies" - Michelle Lee
that's prob y u remember my face
Are you here today?
Where did the SEM listserv go? Did it die? Jonesing for ethno posts.
Hey there, you remember me.? I'm the girl you left for her.
I'm serious too! yayy 1 crew member <3
I hate being sick
Every story has three parts : your part There part And The Truth
I respect all peoples' opinions. Please respect mine for wanting to vote for the BEST candidate on the ballot: #Libertarian Gary Johnson!
#PeopleLikeUs have changed and grown so much. Too much? Idk, but we're definitely not the same.
wuz good bro?
Take a minute and follow us on Facebook @ PasswordBank
Possible drinks later? Keep you posted. I haz your number now.
I need an app that knows I've circled looking for parking over 5 min and automatically flips on my hazards
Closing at 4 today- private party for MS Society Fundraiser! Get your sweet on early today.
Everyday may not be good, but there is something good in everyday
Please make sure to mention us on Fridays during #FF trend.
Aww that sucks. Hope you feel better!
ok, hope ya both have a gr8 #TGIF! I'll just be reloading then driving back to AR. Ttyl ;)
lmao. you're brilliant.
Looking through the history of messages in my facebook inbox makes me laugh but highly concerned at the sametime.
if I was a celeb id wear...dr martens and be emo
can't sleep - trying to socialize!
Meeting with students on final papers (only 30% of their grade, no worries there); Lectures on Advent of the Cold War and Modern Islam I.
Watched Dark Matters, where Dr. MacDougall worked on soul weighing (21 Grams Theory). I thought of the character in Soulless.
Help those effected by the tornados. Donate $10 to 's Southeast U.S. division by texting "TWISTER" to 20222
The key to healthy hair is a healthy scalp. If the scalp is compromised in any way then the hair will be affected.
Will "Act Like A Lady..." be made into a stage play, too? That would be amazing!
i hope that things turn out ok for you, but if u need someone, im here :)
I don't want to see you in a helicopter with another girl.
So a pair of 31 inch H&M slim fit Jeans are a lil baggy on me...Am I ready for New York yet!? Cause Im not a fan of being this thin...
RT Oh! Found being interviewed by Andrea Roane on my local hometown TV. Nice Ananda! Go U Street! ...
#IveAlwaysWantedTo know you love me. Not have these confused feelings. I want to just know.
Let there be such oneness between us, that when one cries the other tastes salt." ---Rosebelle Believe
#newplay You got one? I'll shout it out.
RIP our dear friend Royal. We will miss you.
ARTY AS SANTANNA OMG
Mostly cloudy skies tonight. Low in the mid 50's. Clearing by midday tomorrow. High around 70.
To succeed with the opposite sex, tell her you're impotent
The typical over-the-top NASCAR pre-race show of American military might has just concluded...
Yeah. I want that control. I'll just have to plant my butt in front of the screen and get er done. Thx! That helped immensely!
appreciate it though! If it wasn't for COUNTRY music we wouldn't have ACOUSTIC music lol.
my heart has a whole where your love once was.
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Glide Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
lol I have no car my mom usually has no gas, thanks for that 2k tourney invite asshole!
Oh, I understand *that* completely.....
I knew as soon as I left you'd go and fuck someone else you WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORE!
cool. Glad they got here safely. Wish they didn't play so well.
Riding quarter operated horses
Philips, Eskom launch big LED lighting initiative
On this day remind yourself that it's okay not to know everything and that only you would expect that of yourself.
You're the bestest.
bunch of great new pop songs available! huge hooks!
I love that sxsw is the precursor to the festival circuit. Oh, and that I got to see at the drive in before anyone else :)
I think this Twitter is broken. HAHAA. I think I might change my account name to (;
thank you Tone
Dude, I can't believe you are gone. One season ticket holder wishes you the best everywhere you go!
must b e a heck of a problem unless you had too much #rockstar tonite
From 63rd to 56th to 34th to 11th... legitimately all over the city on a Thursday...
Whats good son, let me kno something...... we thought our session was free 2day
you have to try different things can do the same thing all the time micheal Jordan never did the same move when he plays
WE ARE THE PUNX!
They say violent movies cause violence? No. High school musical makes me want to punch someone in the face.
RIP Christina Wofford. Tell your loved ones how much they mean before their candle or yours goes out. All my love to family and friends.
Best part of NFL draft watching how the picks go down. Worst watching a favorite player go to an opposing team
The sidewalk window is the coolest weekend hangout. Champagne, oysters, ceviche, /, people watching.
hey my phone's not working. I'm running to a work happy hour, and then ill either head back to work or home. Tweet a sista.
Home in 3 months. get ready for killer gym workouts. I'm gettin ripped this summer.
I dont wanna see your ashhy as asscrack! Get some panties and fitting jeans! k? Thanks(:
Oh so yours is May 6???
your momma its like a toilet...white and full of shit ...
That would totally jack up the price of mustache rides!
Drinking Henny in a good mood might be a drunk text night. Lol
I'm going to force to take the train up there with me :-)
I don't know why colleges that have #PRmajors don't offer to create #SEO class to their students.
There is a bit of snow mixing in up in Germantown =(
makes perfect sense...not!
Love you, moo.
Florida State Fair with <33
RT : Enjoying an excellent evening of entertainment @ the Advanced screening of Still Standing
ill play with ya :)
Looking forward to some good coffee and good connections the next couple days...
Hosting an all day mtg of Mass Food Policy Alliance to develop 2012 legislative agenda, incorporating ag, hunger and public health experts.
I hate when Evelyn say she gone hit somebody in the face...she ain't finna do shit but throw a glass or a bottle. Throw them hands!
Thinking about more important things than bombs: computers. John Von Neumann.
No one likes a liar..besides the pretty, little ones
YOUR A FUCKIN LOSER
I'm chasing my dreams .
I have one more hour and I'm off for the holidays.... Whoo hoo
I want volleyball to start already ):
our network went Dow & we didn't finish our projects.
Thanks for the follow!
I swear this doctor is half deaf or something
Thunder shaking house. Don't like. Also don't like being in a tall house during t-storm.
Lemon Grove council preps for introduction of ordinance to amend a chapter on election campaign finance/control... First change since 1984
He entertains EVERY day -
Everyones an opportunist...so its back to having a bad attitude...dnt like it? Than kick rocks w/o socks
I love this feeling
Giving the Bernal laserbeams a run for their money in my flannel, puffy vest, shades, white sneakers.
packers trade up to take aka Jerel worthy
WHEW! Crazy day 1 on CA, about to leave the OC for San Diego. Hopefully traffic won't be too bad!
where r u from
I feel like I need to be on my best behavior when I meet someone from another country, like I represent the US.
Hope is okay?
yes, is beyond amazing.
“to improve the golden moment of opportunity, and catch the good that is within our reach, is the great art of life”
thanks for rt kimberly:)!!! Happy sunday and love to you!!
not sure what that means but I'll tell to follow you If you'd like
hm & both have the same avi
Nice! Let me know what you had!
Lol I was... Left yesterday
Thanks for the follow:) u live in NYC?
Last tweet: It's the middle of May, I don't care about job numbers for a first year Governor. It's a weak talking point for either side.
peenis and effnitch for the win! I will find you an Effie to love by tonight :3
in colorado with the family, hit me up with some o dem tweets!
Sweet! you will have an email on Sunday! Thank you for the speedy response!!
The Classic theme has been updated. You can use your download link in the confirmation email to get the update.
only in my dreams would I make it THAT big. :)
the RDI alumni need to show the support :)
I'm pretty amazing, I know!
text me /:
I just can't stop listening to Judge Jerrod & The Hung Jury by Jerrod Niemann!
buying a mattress this year? 14% of Americans plan on purchasing. Get a mattress that'll put u to sleep @ All size sale!
Realestate for Sale Clayton Real Estate Agent Tax Lien Homes Real Estate on Sale Repo Homes
Rumor is their drunk at a club lol Xx
ya! No doubt about that!
if you get #mb20 pics I will virtually hug you
kay thanks. :)
Is Brinker angling to run for Rick Perrys Texas Gov offce or looking for Cabinet Post if GOP wins POTUS Is this Karl Rove strategy
Are u home?
My sister's going to Ibiza in August. Include in your updates!
Are training sessions tough? Yes. But they aren't as tough as losing to your rival.
I disagree! After that epic choke in 2008, he'd just be breaking even! Go Giants!
What? Are you simba?
“: Kangaroos cannot jump backwards”
Bills just signed Mario Williams. With him and Kyle Williams I am foreseeing a lot of QB pressure this coming season.
Wishing I was at the Derby, gimme your picks
wish I had been able to make it!
Hey Luke where is the mullet from 1987.That reminded me of Motley Crue way back then.lol
Golf is a sport for people nice enough to actually have 3 good friends to play with them.
You could totally pull it off, dude. ;]
Stay strong! My whole family is here for you guys. Love you! <3
Pictures on other blogs aren't showing either. Just the pictures in posts, sidebars and headers are ok. Anyone else having problems?
I would walk a thousand miles if I could just see you... :)
The sensory assault that is Manhattan
I think i might like her
Yah, mine is even worse! I love that site!
. love your coffee & espresso!
hey are you still mad at me
an ugly or pretty chick?lol
Part this week your invited if your in town
Myspace.com/legyndmuzik check me out "So Conceidit" its for all my sexy ladies hit up ya boi up ....new FAcebook page Legynd aka CJ
RT It's just very disconcerting to have non-archival interview footage with the same person who is reading the voiceovers.
If #ShadyRecords recognize what real music is then me & my krew will be signed. And if not will have another label chasin' us. #CTKREW !
Hey im Susie&i music is my passion&always have been&i just want a chance2show u guys&the world i got music in me pls?
My New Motto Jenri Go Hard!!!!
Bot 2: King 1, Churchill 0. Churchill leads series 1-0. King P Sanchez gets strikeout to end inning with runners on 2nd and 3rd.
Thx for letting me know about !
If i hit the loto big someday, i would love to buy every seat in Yankee Stadium and invite the REAL fans to come for free for 1 Game.
Introducing Amphipod! The official hydration system of T2!
Enjoy and stay warm!
Clickbank Case Study - Boost Your Clickbank Revenue
Romney should #selfdeport himself from the Presidential race
Janelle represents all of the reasons why I got into the business to now work for a major label. We need more authentic artists- support it!
Thanks so much for the note and following us! IWO's music has been a great addition! Please let others know as well:)
its only 150 more characters than an average tweet. what could go wrong
i know how she act,and how ima talk to her if she broke my phone ! -___-
i just want you safe and not on the streets because its dangerous being on the streets
Rule #1 of the #Oakland Flea Market: Dressing shabby increases your negotiating ability and decreases the chances of a parking lot mugging.
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.- Alfred A. Montapert
This a dirty dirty world that we live m.
Ready to start a new round of new flavors... any requests or suggestions???
high school jamming huh man. Haha.
sorry to be getting back to you so late, but we serve $3 pints from 3-6 and then again from 10-close, stop in next week!
Officially cursed. My ride got pulled over on the way to work today, putting me in the passenger seat 4 of the 4 times ever being stopped.
When you know when two peoples sub tweets are about eachother >>
31,532 announced attendance tonight at Camden Yards! Not too shabby. Let's hold strong!
Khaki shorts, a mint green flannel, and a shirt reading Dudes Marry Dudes.
So proud of Checked Out for crossing the 200K view threshold! Still going strong!
Ask your next corporate prospect: 'What would have to happen for you to buy 100 copies of my book?'
Albis Consult. Group (albis_g) thanks for the follow.
Another player grabbing his knee, this time new York :( sad deja vu
School starting tomorro :)
The mARket only exists because of "me" + "ART", 'k?
A4 having a mentor, both as a mom and as a business owner. And having at least some dedicated work time each week.
Happy mothers day to all the sluts at our high school
how's it going. Just bagged my first BIG bond. Crazy.
Wish I could tell you why I'm so happy right now but I think the beer has something too do with it. Potential... giddy.
cheeeeeel, she understands me.
Romney in 2007: "it’s not worth moving heaven and earth spending billions of dollars just trying to catch one person.”
Yep. But I'd take being a Lakers fan now over being a Bobcats fan ANY day. Lol.
shut up !
Nutella, I just can't quit you.
LoL! I love that it started out with shit. We're being basic for the moment. No veggies yet but soon!
Im still doing great in sports betting. Tryin to do better in mlb. I believe i got it now. I took toronto blue jays today! They beat kansas!
Obviously. RT : RT : Pretty sure Joe Biden just said that he supports a fourth season for Veronica Mars.
Unreal how fat imma get. It's vile how much I eat.
ours do, too. but crawling happens. we still have wall outlets near the floor.
None at all!
Love seeing guys like securing new deals. Made the MOST of Miles Austin's injury, wasn't going to be denied.
YES!! im trying to get a cody simpson t-shirt online(:
I'm taking that to the grave.
Clarksville with my boy this weekend. ❤
6000 Tweet Goes To.... Don't want to break your heart But Let me give your heart a break Stop tryna smile away your hurt
Scumbag neighnbor forecloses on his house, leave trash in street and of course no help from HOA, put up holidays lights
Fishermen don't usually have much to say to each other.
Rob Roy closed for private event 4-7pm today. Open to everyone 7pm - 2am!
wassup to my new follower.. lol W.O.R.D.
Drive carefully! Remember, it's not only a car that can be recalled by it's maker.
Mariachi Plaza needs a tranny mariachi night or something spicy to spark things up. It's so dead there. What a waste of space.
Does anyone want to come see the lindenhurst play with me???
you know your in the south when the surf shop sells Confederate flag rafts.
oh hahah well I think a couple people know about you guys now! (:
I love my bag :)
Writing a how-to speech on Dumpstering is more fun than I expected.
In such a bad mood.... night!
Tell him his publisher says what up!
Sweet! RT “: Listening to on today.”
I wonder if ed reformers would be happy if we branded our teaching as "artisanal"? Seems to work for everything else.
& 100 motherfuckers cannot tell me anything either.
Emma Stone upstaging Ben Stiller
Just heard that Grogan of IL ARDC received lifetime achievement award at N'l Org of Bar Counsel meeting--congrats Jim!
M, that sounds perfect.
im sorry but overated
you're really 💔 lol
Time To get bizzy......
#HTH2012 talk about big companies working with memory institutions, but much harder for public interests. Museums looking bad in discussion.
Watching United 93 such a sad movie 
what is it? if I guess will you tell me if I got it right? can you give me any hints?
fransisco....if you wanna say somthin about me and you dont even know my name......then suck it up and meet me in the alley on mon.
Alex Clare album is so nuts
My Side Chick asked me why I dont stay the Night no more.. Cuz you aint got no Wash Rags Bitch! Im tired of Washin my Ass with Socks
To begin with, Holy Thursday and Friday are official holidays and people don't have to work. Kids are on vacation all of holy week.
You should have realized by now it's all about the quality
say what you want about Ichiro, the guy is a great fielder..
it's mott street makin a mess for the chinese new year i uploaded it to a site called myblocknyc.com check it out!! xo
How does incarcerating women affect children and families?
Day 1 of 2 days of new green roof training by RoofMeadow. Hotel's on the Baltimore harbor the area much like SD's Gaslamp. Beautiful & fun!
My favorites: USave, Saferide Mobile, Harper Arts Tour, and DataFarm #uchicagomobileappchallenge. Still thinking about the events solutions.
Seven rooftop
hey Matt! I just saw your e-mail. I'm going to contact you today.
is that what the song's called? It just sounded weird over Japanese landscapes
Seriously, if your commercial is severely louder than the show that i'm watching, I am NEVER buying your product. Ooh, a dog snuggie!? SOLD!
Beware of the naked man who offers you his shirt. -Navjot Singh Sidhu
wants to run #Blackhawks playoff beard charity contest. Is there a brand who would match us for donation to winner?
Lets it go gurlllll
Strasburg has struck out 7 Pirates through 3 innings...nasty
hey can u help me become an actor
Love hanging with students
Doug johnson talking about cloud computing
Should've been 12 games ago
Can't wait for next year then! RT #Braves are 11-1 with Chipper Jones in starting lineup, 4-9 when he's not
I want to thank the people of Egypt who risked their lives to making the world a better world.
idk how I'm gonna be able to complete the next 3 days of work with my bestie. We are the two best friends anyone can have.
Bill Gates' house was designed using a Macintosh computer.
I've been so confused all morning .
ASHE presentation @ Experiences of Diverse Students in STEM majors
Shoot me your email address, I will send you the info. RT I need your rates for a photoshoot.
I think #carriers family, at least grandmother, speak German. Start practicing & maybe they'll talk to you, Harrison.
We have just started TWITTER-ing & we need friends. Tell your guy & gal pals and stay tuned for our 1st twitter contest on Friday!
a visitor
No. Just making an observation.
why thank you so much!
Come say "hi" at Spring Fling tomorrow?:) I have yet to meet you!;o
damn thanks for all the people that helped my grandma before she passed,you guys are amazing
My team god y'all hatas our mascot..
Hey thanx for killing the High-speed rail project for Wisconsin. Would've been nice to go to work by train for me!
I have taken noticed that the deeper I know about myself, the clearer I understand others.
o wow baby xD
The Girl In The Moon is close to making her debut here in Miller Valley. Check back soon for her release date... she's anxious to meet you!
Happy Fathers day to all the dads out there....hope yall enjoy!
you need to! i just re-read them all again in order. started reading harry potter 12 years ago...and they're still good now.
omg i need hel p with this song i beentriyng that but i dont have a recording studio
RT : So many DiSC puns! When we have a party, it will be a DiSCo! Our project list is our DiSCography! [that's reDiSCulous!]
Terrence Jones is from Portland, OR
How.many pencils u have
wht are u talking about
God, Family, Hustle. in that order.
Resin > Bengali Tiger. IMO
thx again Susan! We really enjoyed getting to some of homes yesterday..unfortunately ran out of time b4 getting 2 c ur's(:(
Happy Friday! Everyone recovered from the food comas and ready for the weekend?
it was an accident:/ you shouldnt have pinched me first and yeah yeah whatever..
feeling somewhat sleepy even though I have to go out later, oh well I'll just make the best of it.
I love horses, but it's awfully hard to buy idea that #Luck was to blame for deaths that led to cancellation of show. Awful decision IMHO
Don't hate lmao. RT : I see you chicks checking out your own asses in the mirror at the gym.
No plans on Friday OR Saturday night? *sigh*
I could go for some pie :P
yea tonite I was off lst nite. My 2 days are in affect so im gone see if I can get a thurs off in a couple of wks so we hng
Hi, please send my best regards to Ernst - what a cool guy and what great Riesling always!
please do that :) oh and new music for you...guy names #golisten :)
Congrats to sports team for winning WBA "Best Sports Video" for annual When We Were Kings". Great work by entire team!
hehe :) well maybe that too, if you pine, you pin
Could this potentially be a reason to not allow the trade to go through?
Speaking of Oolong -- we're getting some 15 yr aged Oolong in later this week. Should be great!
Mom: son, what does wtf mean? Me: um, welcome twitter followers
I don't twerk it for daddy I twerk it for Powerserge
Awesome. SO emotional at the end--WOW.
The moment when you realize that the person your talking to wasn't even talking to you.
my dog thinks that also
Bike brakes fixed at Ciclo Urbano in Humboldt Park. Good service, fast, cheap, super nice and knowledgeable. Thanx for the rec !
The lemonade is sweet and the food is fresh! Come see us today :)
users is actually as cute as they appear
“A man in a three-piece suit with an elegant tie, a pocket square, a close shave, and his hair done feels very confident.” -Adrien Brody
I'll take under, but only if you give me odds.
I watch super 8 last night it was A GREAT movie!!!
woow... why I have to ruin everything? God !! I hate myself .-.
Nice! Looking forward to meeting :)
whoa, that's awesome. I bet you'll get 25k or more downloads tomorrow. Give it a day or two, then raise it to $0.99.
Time for thank you's!
You have excellent movie taste.
Twitter is always too fast for me on Fridays. I can't keep up!
man anytime I'm out here
lol Betta than that im bout 2 drop it soon!!
March Madness it right around the corner. Craziness!!! I hope my AZ cats can find a way to sneak in. I like the UK cats for the nat champ
I'm just ready to give up on everything. Nothing feels right anymore.
You're so morbid. I like it
I told you guys you could come over!
Why do you despise Philly so much?
GET YO MIND RIGHT!
If you wear Crocs in Winter, then you are both mentally and fashionably challenged.
checking on flights to Canada
Thanks to everyone who stopped by to chat with us at the V Twin Expo!
Hello! Hope all is well,I saw your post and was interested in knowing more details about the upcoming event you mentioned. Thanks
okay you too :/
no i got out early, i always usally do now.
Special Slice: Sun dried tomato and basil pesto, grilled zucchini, red onion and house cheese.
Shame on Gannett + newspaper Tallahassee Democrat for stealing $ from state employees for info. on state govt. At least make CAPITOL free.
What a beautiful day! Have a $1drink at one of our beachfront partner bars and you'll forget it's January. ;-)
Comment during meeting #4 today - The epistemology is that we need a denominator - yes, so frequently true
Michael earned another blue stripe tonight in TKD! Maybe I'll get my 2nd brown for my B-day in April? Health willing...
Headed home to da A in the morning. Kinda excited cause I got a big meeting but mostly cause I miss da hood.
I heart basketball. Go Lakers!
Sec'y Napolitano on the phone, says that if "Mama ain't gettin her airplane, HEADS WILL ROLL..."
The awkward moment when a girl from your school is assisting the dentist drilling your tooth.
Cool story, bro
oh man, this will be detrimental to my savings account. YES!
Be careful. I've heard that DM'ing yourself too much can make you go blind. Or something.
Made a demo film w/primary digitized texts from EU's desegregation archives with students as focus for change. DM me if you want to see it.
I love you some much!
ACTUALLY THEIR LUCKY CHARMS TO BE EXACT.
Beach or the pool
Hi. I'm Becklynn, the only woman on the planet that doesn't wanna sleep with Channing Tatum
SO to whoever volunteers before me. I never have to do anything
For the children. Benefit Geneva School. Call 210-618-6566
I think you should try a combanation of both like some singing the acting then singing etc.
Excited to release the Coaching U Live Newsletter tomorrow! The content is AWESOME!
I ate 5 big pancakes...still hungry!
RT : It's Monday and you know what that means!?! 3 new job postings to our Georgetown Paralegal LinkedIn Group! HOYA SAXA!
I know i do!! ;D haha
you can ski without snow cuz Sara went!! So HA
you were thinkin the same thing
Sometimes I just want to leave forever an not have to deal with the world
what did joe do?
amen. If you are worried about firing for more than performance or budget cuts, there are other issues
My music is on point 👌
#therealhungergames bahahahaha!! for real though.. whoever thought of that title must've remembered their college days
Have you ever been on a Disney Cruise?
When Is The Last Time You Sat Down With Your Financial Advisor To Discuss What You Actually Want To Do With Your Time During Retirement?
THE WAILIN' JENNYS get me through life.
Columbus get ready for family friendly Deals....sneak peak. Shhh 60% off party package
Positive energy attracts positive attention.
Some of my favorite YA! Was LforA spoiled for you? Did you like Choc War?
Many thanks to the folks at for inviting me into their discussion of BENT ROAD last night. Happy to be included.
yea or a jet, then we could cuddle with him...i get to pick which side of him i want..since you took jb's r
Headed to the Chicago Museum of Science and Industry to see the #Mythbusters exhibit! :)
Taking time to show love pray, talk, and enjoy our togetherness is the highlight of Thanksgiving. The food is an added blessing. Enjoy!
And just like that I've gone from one #union party to the next...from Solidarity Sing Along to #nfldraft here @ Great Dane. ;) Stop by!
done and done!
Morning everyone..It's raining. :O
That's an orchestra I'd pay to hear: "Punch it, Chewy!" [...insert transliteration of Chewbacca howl here. I won't even attempt it...]
#YBL how did Loren and the jewlery line get to be so AWESOME? Your doing great!! -- Rob Jenkins ()
The girlfriend won't let me get an XL pizza.. she says I need to cut back. I said
Congrats to the Seahawk Girls!!
Coaches, w/the new rule change on phone calls to 2013s, we have a lot of d1 caliber 13 players. Get in touch & we will pt u in rt direction
I really, really, really like him ^.^ I hope he likes me back :3
but you don't understand.
5 hrs till I get up to head to the donut shop for pigs in a blanket!
Just watched 35 & ticking with Hubby....Great Movie....Funny and Real! :-)
IM IN! RT : found a recipe for Chia beer This stuff may be okay after all!
The 3 C’s of life: choices, chances, and changes
Burratta, where art thou in Tampa. Someone bring cucina urbana SD food here.
It may be 85 degrees, but- girl in bodycon dress, this isn't Miami. And it's 1:15pm.
An absent Sean Moore's paper being read, linking slave profits to enlightenment educational institutions like libraries.
Trying to get the true color of your lipstick? Apply concealer to your lips first & then your
LOL midget ain't followed me back
Go Pack Go!!! #Packers on #MNF !!
Grand view next year....? Probably.
I get to sleep in today ! :D
So i thought i was the only one with a moth problem but apparently everyone on my TL has the same problem smh
NO school again today. With Kieu Lai
thanks Lisa, the feeling is mutual!
Drinking a few Celebrations on a Thursday night at home. Feeling good.
Ahh my bulls lost at home ugh can't let that happen smh gotta steal one on the road now.
Ill do my best
ion gon be there to wipe them tears !
No. My Pinterest is wedding paraphernalia-free!!
Im not even lookin at you dudes. Im lookin past ya.
RT - #Miami #Dolphins WR Davone Bess remains the No. 2 target in the passing game. .
gotta love Pueblo...
Bishop Tyler Perry lol
I cried!!!! I miss the scruffy James!!! :( Wade so mad at you!!
If you tell me to shutup ,I will most likely get LOUDER!!<*¡!*>
I need to be at a pool right now!
calls #Harlem's Showman's a "topflight music bar" w/ "mainstream...blues-inflected jazz". Tonight I'll be there w/ organ trio 8:30.
Just saw Avengers...am happily satisfied!
just experiencd bizarre google/Wikipedia/YouTube session involving Bob Maplethorpe & Robert Mapplethorpe
At house
bigbluemadness tickets and autographed tony stewart picture in the mail. trip to the shooting range. free bottle of buffalo trace.
Yep, that was a GEICO Caveman, cross-dressing in a cheerleader uniform.
But I did bowl a 168 while intoxicated, I still got it. League anyone?.
hahahahaha....I'm so done with you! Lol
Mixed emotions right now
goodluck lovely you will do great! <3
i know like really quick
you know it! 2 more days!! Miss you so much. Xx
Modeling and Acting are one of my many passions in life. I respect them so much. Please contact me if you're interested in working with me.
love your concept! heads up for an email I just sent your way. "Education is all a matter of building bridges." - Ralph Ellison
takes a small step towards paying down his outstanding karmic debts.
#RiseandShine its SXSW time.. Getting into gear to set things up .. 3 hrs from GO time!
not sure ... It came outta nowhere. :-)
I am on my way
I listening to the best albume ever #1 girl by
"It's interesting to observe life through the window of purpose on the way to your destiny!"—Delano Johnson (Talented&Broke: The Book)
Funny thing about conspiracy theories - they are "theories" often concocted & almost always are never true.
Good morning Twitterheads.....headed to the office for my monthly visit
Work at 4. Gotta hit the showerflow
dang....no lighter in sight.
um, by how much? what's the cost benefit of doing this?
Linz! Samford is in October baby! Did you know that?!
Amen brother! #TheObamaFrequency is there another?
I hope we wrapped Bin Laden in pig fat when we threw him into the sea. Uh, where are the 72 virgins Usama?
nah, they did that over Xmas this year
They have the ugliest kits in the peloton. Just saying. Brown, really?
OMG 10 more followers away from #1k !!!! <3 :) Luv all of you!
Rt if your a 90's baby with no baby.
Cheatham St. Warehouse in San Marcos TONIGHT! The Saddle opens @ 9 & we go on about 10 - good times, good times!!
Also, you should email me ur add so, I can send u this SUPER special thing I have for you for your approaching special day
Daily Special, Wed 04/04/12 - Beef and noodles served with mashed potatoes and gravy, green beans, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
all this #vuvuzela hype making us ponder - scrap our current Composer Alive plans & instead premiere piece incl the BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ?
wish i could be at #ovc11. it was so eye-opening last year.
Coal redneck country in West Virginia those are not real democrats but idiots like yourself
glad for the great memories :)
I feel like queuing up the theme from Jeopardy while I wait for people to respond to email...
i wolfed some down on monday. and the proceeded to make myself a turtle sundae.
hahahaah. Find yourself.
& no since of humor
Made it through my last first day of college.
they are everywhere!!! taking over the world
I'm convinced bar deville is truly the best Saturday night dance party in Chicago. #cheekyapproved. But shhhh...
Judgment day.
RT : #laurensrun come join me in a 2k race. . The date is April 29
About to pack up at the office and dive into #SXSWi. If you're in town for the conference, let me know!
"To be a social innovator, you have to be incredibly courageous." -Maura O'Neill, USAID
NBA Allstar Game East Side!!!!!
Congratulations Miss Wisconsin for winning Miss America!!!!
I want to go back to the Ardnamurchan Penninsula. North west of Scotland in the middle of no where. #Gorgeous #soquiet #peaceful x
What a way to end this very lucrative trip to Vegas than by watching the Cirque De Solei Elvis show. Really good show.
all i ever wanted was to be a sweathog
Part 8 of "The New Girl" haha!
I know the feeling...RT : Damn. Ppl on my TL talkin bout "goodmorning". I still ain't went to sleep! -__-
Me to! Lls. RT : I have a HUGE forehead , lmfao . UGH
(HEY ROB)
Bobby Brown Says 'I'm Not the Reason She's Gone' About Whitney Houston - PopCrush
I overhear more gov't conspiracy theories in Nashville than I hear anywhere else. 1 weekend in TN = 1 year anywhere else, crackpot wise.
Wind and string players have to set aside time to practice...I just belt in the shower.
Second straight outing that lester has been mehh but so has the other guy.
The DAW? Yeah it looks like they stepped it up a bit!
When's lunch? Anyone want to share a can of coke?
TELL THE TAIWANESE TO TAKE VIDEOS TOO
So the slippery slope arguments of right-wing nut jobs who claim that marriage will soon be meaningless hold no water whatsoever.
Thank you. I appreciate the feedback. Feel free to share.
I hit tweet limit! Lol! But yea people are different, both groups of fans are amazing when they don't trash the other.
Ugh so ready to sleep. Been working all night...gotta pay dem bills;)
Watching, Red Mist.. You're awesome in everything you've ever been in. Just saying'. :)
Who knows, a lot can happen between then and now! Will you change you projection if Barkley goes down in week three?
I do have to wear uniform :(
i got alot more in store, talent doesnt fade it only gets strong if you sharpen your sword everyday.
I know 😓After tweeting it I realized what I said
he followed you? congrats!(:
hows #Chicago ? 82 degrees here in Clearwater!! Let's move
Wish I could cuddle with my love but she is out of town tonight: (
: 2 Broke Girls is one of best new shows on TV. Reminds me of my own 'friends' - for real.
Those games are too short for me.
Each of us is here to discover our true selves; that essentially we are spiritual beings who have taken manifestation in physical form.
On the bright side, I am eating lunch! And taking an actual lunch break!
I'm guessing Sager's suit is a protest against the NCAA's decision to forbid Baylor from wearing their highlighters.
Great #sportsbusinesssummit put on by Atlanta Biz Chronicle today. Excited to hear Mark Lazarus next!
Conservative people < Shut up!
Thanks goes out to Miss Angi Burrows for booking with us today.We look forward to making your sons party one to remember in a few weeks!!
Like, in the good way, right? RT There's gravy leaking from my pores.
Just sat next to Danny McBride at Cinespace where we joked about never getting these moments of our life back. Odd evening, indeed.
just saw a re-carnation of
So I'm starting out Hardcore in #D3. Should be awesome loots.
Ill talk if you talk back haha
RT if u studying or got somethin u should be studying for 😁
Ah shit RT : WAY too many people in line at security this morning... Just a heads up fellow #mashcon warriors
Ok sander van doorn nothing inside coming on twice on my shuffle out of all 1500 songs on my iPod I'm down
wow, never seizes to amaze me how many sore losers there r out there.
Need somebody to chill with
How you gunna tell me?!?!
Did you know a 20-minute commute takes 80 hours a year?
Go ahead, BK!
RT : We need librarians to join us, or we need to join librarians. Their mission and ours are very compatible. #pubmedia <-- yes.
aw don't be scared. I bet there aren't any murderers in your house...your house is all protected & stuff
I need something to entertain myself. ._.
On my way to school, spring pics first period :/
Okay. We will go with that.
Just wrote "Mr. Potato Head story due" on my calendar for this week. I have a strange and wonderful life.
I just now made a realization. Something I have fought and will continue to because I just don't want to. I need to learn to sketch better.
- Love is friendship caught on fire. ~Bruce Lee
GOOD NIGHT TWITTER FRIENDS & FAM :) <3
It had a Brettanoymces infection. It got in the beer during bottle, that caused it explode & sour.
I Want A Milkshake :/
hahaha oh my gosh that is so creepy and I LOVE IT.
I am beyond myself watching the various videos on the Manchester City win over QPR in Fergie Time. LOL. Man U a la chingada!
Whether you gave for love of books, public space, or simply the great city of New York, we are floored by your support. Uni is Kickstarted.
About to talk live with about their Build-A-Thon!
JuelCasamayor top National Bikini competitor will be joining SheruClassic Team in India soon. This is growing into a Bullet Train
A bunch of grown women and I decided that we are secretly crushing on He's just too cute. And I mean... To cute.
AGREED! My friends in high school call me Turbo because I'm a speed demon..I'll race ya 
Morning Read: Anti-coagulant app, readmission skepticism, more measles
LOL! Thanks, I needed that. living a nightmare at the mooment, Remote Desktopping into a box to RD into a box to debug
Wow! Thats LONG. You Miss Like Half Of Summer That Way... :( When Does He Go Back?
Twittering...trying to figure it out.
I might just stay home and knock out.
- The main problem u have is that your mixes btwn the vocals & the instrumentals need to be better..u mixing them urself?
Yahoo's draft interface is way, way worse than ESPN's.
That's a wrap for the night.
RT listening to bro giving us nutrition and diet lesson <3 love you bro
My throat is really sore...I don't want to get sick!!
I stay on it...
#Petrino is going to be let go, what a difference a week can make in someone's life!
sorry, we don't have that functionality as yet, but when we do we will let you know.
Still kickin! That #goal completes the #ChiTownGrandSlam, all teams won today! Come celebrate with us!
What time you thinkin? RT “: your gona be to busy with draft tonight to get sushi.....arent you? :)”
good ones! seals and sea lions! yeah!
This my jam.
RT GUYS: One day she'll move on and at that very moment you'll wish that you had not let her go..... say that!!!
if you drive like your sister lol
What meeting are you at?
Your attitude is either the lock on, or the key to the door of success. - Denis Waitley
oh yeah gurllyy
Have a friend or someone special that lost their mom this year? maybe now would be a good time to let them know you are thinking of them....
graphic novels have been growing in popularity here, especially Bone and Amulet (Kibuishi). Anyone have recs?
It was a damn good birthday.
Welcome to the 15 or so new members that joined so far today! How did you find us?
no worries, obviously I got some soccer nerd in me too...I do follow you on twitter
New Orleans Hornets center Emeka Okafor could be sidelined for three weeks because of a strained left oblique muscle. Coach
anyone have LA thrift suggestions....please let us know!
you might think the price of Arborio rice quite extravagant for the size of the container...
Please retweet if your a member of a #winery and you want them to submit your favorite #wine to 's 2012 wine contest
Watch out for the big girls !!
We fear rejection, want attention, crave affection and dream of perfection.
140 chars summary of the day: locked out of house, accidental half-century then BEER!
Dear #Pandora , I like Mad World, that does not mean I want to listen to three covers of it back to back on quick mix.
no. You are.
only through the message tab on top though.
#NOWFOLLOWING Beauty catches attention but personality captures the heart ...yeah tell me about it..
"They never drove through Indiana..."
MTV with your openly gay character is
and then he starts "singing"
my mom says she misses you btw hahah
How can I help you with your project? Give me a call and I can answer any questions you may have. CL Custom Flooring and Construction.
new haircut :D
old guys in Chelsea <<<< lmao abouta get smacked tf up!
RT : I LOVE MY TEAM Jamaal Franklin & AW
That's doing way too much. If you repping like that, you should be getting a check
My brain. (Just took the ACT for the second time. Satan's test)
For sure I could respect that! See you around
Happy International Woman's Day: To all the beautiful woman in the world...including myself.:-)
HSC is teaming up with the Charlotte Knights for Bark in the Ballpark! Tickets are $11. Bring your four legged friends! June 13th at 1PM!
"Never Without You" Fan Comments: What a beautiful tribute to George Harrison!
Watching the News..Good morning! World..
She ain't lying
Fuck it's almost 1. Damn I really should have gone to bed an hour ago...
And summertime loves you back :)
♥ They say when you find the one, there will be no second guessing♥
hello there..do you have any idea when will katherine show up? i miss her!
:) please pick me :-) please for my daughters
hey don't u go to longwood high school
Best New Existence
love seeing innovative moves, break habits; a K5 shifting away from letter grades; I had O, S & N when I was a tot
made me do that face!
Umm.. So what do I do if I accidentally clicked on the wrong "send later" date (i.e. it's arriving next month...)
You are more than welcome! Glad you had fun!!
ROYALS WIN!
Thanks to you too - maybe you can play The Paper Box sometime soon!
#FollowReader Awesome! Then we'll put it on YouTube.
i REALLY wish there was an eBook service similar to Spotify. anyone know of one?
Pumps 15' U are Loaded best young team in Socal I know the Magic 15u is good but Pumps just has to much sizes
Vote for the Indy Reads Glove today! Text READS to 86132 Would you like to volunteer with us? Joing us at our July 25 Orientation. 275-4040
Childish gam is a fucking G!!!!
Andres was a Northeastern University student who worked with ICDS as a co-op during Spring Semester 2010.
OMG ! She's so annoying . Take your ass to bed already ! #onemoremonth 👋
are move to the D-League where they hope to get to the playoffs.
for students who have reservations about FB then internal SNS will serve as a transition to making WW connections on FB
... I am doing great sweetie! ... Really sad to be losing to Japan in the fall ... #RoadTrip!
you played the sims and made houses without doors so when you purposely set fire to it the character would die 
Destroyed. What about the injuries to CB and JG, Everything OK there?
Just seen the FEAR of TRUST promo featuring and Starring Ms Francesca Taylor. Excited to release it Monday Jan 24th :):)
mine is up to date, last done in 2010. :)
You're welcome! :) And haha, why? RT “: thnx 4 the follow and ur so lucky”
unicorns or narwhals?
Lmfaoo my grandma telling us how she wanted to punch someone at the dmv lolol
Just mixed this Old School funk mix and I'm loving it like a dealer loves a new crack head! Posting it by tomorrow!
r u gonna respond to my text or call me bac cuz I'm blowin u up
Rise and shine! AUDITON DAY!! Hope to see all you dancers there!
Nice! Cant wait till November 22, 2013!
Damn i wish i could go back home this weekend..gotta work tho
Just got a haircut, i look pretty funky (: hmm..i wonder...if those fish are still alive... :D
one of the great American storytellers & songwriters. So happy to hear your song on #IDOL, but so happy to hear your songs ALWAYS!
i signed up to see u on camslover but cant find YOU.
Happy new year
Happy Friday as always :)
Abandoned car
If u don't here from your Boo Thang before midnite tonite then (n my Maury Povich voice) u r the Jump Off
We all fall short of God's Glory!!! But we get up!!! No can point fingers!!! We fall down, get up and we ARE STILL WORTHY OF GOD'S GRACE!!!
ATTN DJs - I'm in search of ACAPELLAS! If you have an ACAPELLA crate with fairly recent material, hit me up!! More details to follow!!!
is keeping up w/ the info as well.
well, I finally have a part time job and I'm not sure if I have to work memorial day. It might be a few months!
As you well should... that is a GORGEOUS ring!
if he likes the eagles, then i disapprove. RT : Philly. Flying out tomorrow actually! And spending New Years in NYC
Hearing lots of love for the #BCBos tshirts. Great work by and on the designs. Grab one before you leave!
:) pride propels us to achieve more. No doubt in my mind you will do BIG things
Hope nobody got hurt at the Miller Compressing fire.
o that sounds like so much fun!
did you just get back today?
Today's NY Times crossword was terrible. Related point: can't wait until puzzles stop giving clues only 70-year olds can get.
Bunbury can't hold it up, or win a header like CJ
just so you know wants to sex you
"love is the answer it seems to most of the questions in my heart" -Jack Johnson..Better together!
Business clothes are so boring and colorless. Today. I'm bringing some flavor to the career world 😁😉😝
so high i cant even see haha
#slaname AskPro: it sounds like a slash & burn start-up based on a lame search engine. There must be something else in the English language.
nice day today
When we believe that "we deserve" or "we are entitled to"...War is inevitable...
We appreciate referrals! Now get 10% of your next order for qualified referrals.
+1 RT : Still moping about the loss.
RT : Indie Band of the Day: Sacramento's SoulMotor. Two-fisted, riff-rocking metal for fans of Monster Magnet and Zombie.
Movie night alone.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
Don't forget we are open on Sundays! ;)
Movie Night! Anyone have a favorite?
I agree with you. But it certainly IS for me :)
out of breath is drum-tastic
Thank you Melody!!! Love you :)
Heading to the office early this morning. Got so much to get ready for #Ecclesia2012 OK and w/ our new service format! More info coming
It's the countries of the Americas, as well all countries of Western, Northern, and Central Europe, Australia and New Zealand.
Just my luck..
haha, let us know how it goes. I'm excited to show you the NEW analytics piece when it's done too.
Great #OETC12 sessions today. Already have a basketful of resources to try out: Tagxedo, Tube Chop, Twurdy, ZooBurst.
follow back? (:
Charles barkley using the shake weight was one thing i coulda went my whole life without seeing and id be a better person for it
I ended up not speaking, Betrayal! but it's cool gives me time to work on me holding my ear and tunning up with the organ lolol
