Just woke upp
Drinking on that wine !!!
“: "There is no such thing as free money in philanthropic journalism. With money always comes an expectation." - #sxNotFuture ^th
car sold, time to find a place in Vancouver. Looking at west van kitsilano/ubc/granville areas.
Watching the austream :)
Mine was a lazy, lazy Sunday. Now I feel a bit guilty but it was fun while it lasted.
you in lex?
I'm sure there reading this during the match!
Back on twitter! So what's hot in music nowadays?
Diff between living in DC and PDX: Gen Mgr of DC office is wearing a suit jacket, my boss in PDX is wearing a Northface fleece.
It's Friday and gorgeous out.
I'm needing some new music... what's your favorite song right now?
Awkward IS........ going to a dinner party and realizing that everyone there works for the competition.
Why is year 10 r.e so much harder to get your head around than the year 11 one?.
but how do you resist eating them?! I want a cupcake.
“: RT : What inspires you? Tell us in three words with #Your3Words. We go live tomorrow!” Hearing good music!
good to know
Congratulations to our Spurs Ticket Giveaway Winner Bryan P. of New Braunfels, TX.
stole my face ^___^
"Barbie can do anything. Except like black magic...and bending at the elbows"
My mom makes the best banana bread..
pizza, nyquil, and red bull is a deadly combination, greg.
Thanks for a great event #Boston! Big-Data Code-a-thon
Thai Iced Tea tastes like what I imagine ground up cigars & sweet cream would taste like and it might be the tastiest thing I've ever drank.
SNL rerun with Katy Perry and Robyn. Amazing episode.
Finally school is out!! Time to embrace my inner fattie....
sad, just sad. Hockey?
I hate girls who call people names and bully peaple.
Stevie Wonder is a musical genius that I hope gen Y rediscovers soon. What a voice, in more ways than one.
Been listening to #Emmure for a long ass time and loving it(: <3
Sales people are not a lower life form - statement from Ken Morse to attending engineers at
I need you here beside me <3
Congrats to fellow Morehouse Man Lamell McMorris on signing Cam Newton as his co-agennt along with Bus Cook.
Buddy, When doing a class in LA?
Steve Jobs was born out of wedlock, put up for adoption at birth, dropped out of college, then changed the world. What's your excuse?
Hey Roger, was the WSU announcement posted on 1 April real? or fooling?
“: Just saw a silver fox #wildlife”
. I don't know what's worse dreaming Santorum won or realizing he has invaded my subconscious.
The Liberty Bell was the first mechanical slot machine, which was invented by Charles Fey, a car mechanic in 189
because it was hot!(:
Follow me<3 I love :D
#Excel !! RT "Successful people begin where failures leave off. Never settle for 'just getting by.' Excel!" Tom Hopkins
C: Go for a walk then go back home and make a cup of coffee.
lol this is so illegal
Come on over to #RedJacksSaloon for the showing of 'The Phantom Wolves of Sun Valley', 'DAMS-The Lethal Water Bombs' !!
Of a sort. With a squat rack. :)
I wanna go to bed but I'm not sleepy arghhhh
Any chance you guys have an old school #12 Fan jersey just lying around looking for a home?
are yall going to have the Reebok Allen Iverson Questions?
ha! Yes, ! Or howsabout: Are you afraid of the dark?
Die early and die often.
Just watched the time traveler's wife! I always cry <3 RAS
oh yea i know. Heat will most likely pull thru, but past champions come to play every damn minute of the playoffs
what we like 2 hear! RT : $5 lunch might b the best lunch deal n Atlanta. Always delicious & friendly!
what the fuck is wrong with people nowadays
Joshua and Phillip <3
LOVED LOVED LOVED the #Lakers vs #Celtics game earlier today! Time for me to get some tickets to see my guys in person!
The Kicking Corpse was a toilet... literally. Everyone that braved out to see us deserves a medal.
shut the fuck up
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Sorry, I'm the social media person at my new job, but I have a time limit. Must do all our stuff in half hour, hence me putting you off...
Thank you to everyone who participated in yesterday's donations. Watch us this week for an upcoming contest!
Does being out in the heat & walking around a lot raise one's blood pressure?
Damn this nigga brandon marshall always getting in trouble for hitting a female smh
That dream last night was crazy
As a result of yesterday's article on break-up songs (what up Phil Collins), I cannot stop listening to Dido.
$2 Margaritas today!!
Amazing how passionately people feel about niche issues (gay rights, their pets, Trayvon Martin case, etc). Bring up debt, economy? z
Happy National Sandwich Day! At BV, we're partial to our Smoked Turkey, w/ Cheddar, Avocado & Chipotle-Lime Aoili. What's your favorite?
Donald Duck as Sweeney Todd. He's got the rageful, explosive resentment thing down pat.
Good luck to ASTD student, sophomore Olivia White, who leaves soon for a semester studying abroad in Budapest!
Hope things are going well out there. Let me know once we have a status update.
I'm in the childrens' department now! but this is the kiddie room of doom. there is no chatting here.
...what 2 tweet...what to tweet...what too tweet...what two tweet? Hahahahaha...ok nothing better to do than ask...What to
WHERE'S MY TIMELINE, FACEBOOK?
It's going to be a late night -please bring me a Skinny Caramel Macchiato tomorrow morning -thanks :^)
what is the difference in focusing screens for canon dslr's. Which are best for which situation? Thanks
What's Phillip Phillips? I feel so unintelligible and out dated.
How come you don't talk much to me anymore lol x
Our pistols will shoot your bobcat any day haha at least we have a reason to tailgate in SM!
God did not mean that if we succeed we should be punished with confiscatory taxation.
Selena just came on Pandora 😭👍
Buffalo chicken cheesesteak all over my body
They might have tried a free press argument instead of a free speech one?
another one I couldn't find on the web, the Delmore Brothers "Kentucky Mountain" is very pretty.
I always so feel bad for overshadowing on our shared birthday, so show her some bday love.
Yo son smart “: my son goin for the pacers im goin for Miami....#leggo”
yes coming up next
Working on custom content library for MOOG Fest over Halloween weekend, these animations are looking great!
Something about this pretty girl blows my mind
indeed did you enjoy the museum last night
Go Lakers!!! Root a lot for the both of us.
Yes! What a cool idea!
Stevie Wonder turns 62 today tune in now for some of his great music.
Thanks for following, i followed back! Muah
Mine's been sick, soni keep pilling her. They are done, but she doesn't know that. Our bond is broken.
don't wanna be here😔
your avi cute
Remember to wear your Maroon today! It's Power of Maroon Day at EKU and in the City of Richmond!
all for the the kids...btw why do I not have your number, you stinker?
oh fuck im so sad xD
yup so let all 3 of your lil girly roommates know lol
"There may be no greater tribute to Steve’s success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented."
I knew that texting and driving was a problem, but i just saw a woman driving and playing a gameboy.
while I was sorting comics I was reminded how badass your run on Green Lantern was! Thank you!
Thanks for the mention Qiana! RT : got some great shots of that memorial yesterday. Very moving exhibit.
Giant Eel excited to meet some Detroit move-makers at the tonight!
Really enjoyed being told to check out Kaki King. Awesome female acoustic musician.
not mississippi
it was just so very sweet and sharable...couldn't resist! Thanks for putting it out there.
9pm tonight on : #Chicago broadcast premiere of PRISONER OF HER PAST, about a son's journey to uncover the source of his mother's
hope all is well bro. Tough ski season all around.
“: Qdoba in Nashville great deal tonight-2 full meals + chips and Queso = $15” double meat?
anyone wanna be my friend ??
Sounds like digitizer is in the same position as publisher: high up front cost, near-zero marginal cost. How to recoup?
Gloria Smashed the Homey......
yes the boys in Oz-Land with me i'm al about! ;-)
Looking for a minneapolis TW for a new assignment. Interested? Reach out via Twitter, LinkedIn or
you have a long sister? Sounds like she shouldn't be that hard to lose!
"That moment when you first lay eyes on a person and never want to look away, that's love.. nothing less."
not likely when the poor can't even get a chance at life without being sucked dry of their funds! Obama is/was a mistake
One that gives something expecting something in return, received only disappointments.
You heading to the west coast at all this summer man?
I feel your (Aceves-induced) pain. :(
oh I so agree. Putting info in a easy to swallow format like this is amazing!!!
My sunblock has an spf rating higher than a denim jacket and I still got sunburned.
Its funny how people don't start caring until you give up...
I just wanna sleep. :/ the sun drains all my energy.
Fixology would love to welcome all our fans to 2012. We wish you and your family a happy new year.
Just irrelevant shit too.
If anyone is out of the state of Florida, I would like to share my business with others, there is plenty of rooms here. Call me 786-237-7956
www.jennifernangle.com Be there or be square!
you would love this.
re: L2. Especially because T/19th to Dupont Circle on the SB route is a LONG way with no stops.
he has the cutest smile
Gotta a bunch of new sweet scrubs for my new job, now time for Avengers in IMAX 3D, yay!
Watched a clip of singing Miss Patti, and thought: CeeLo and Blake singing "On My Own" with Patti LaBelle and Reba would b cool.
Follow me if you cant wait for # BOYFRIEND!!!
Reminder - If you are attending the webinar today please email for the log in information.
Im mixed and i was told dat us white girls have tha wettest pussy anf we come alot....o
That bounce though.
You must be very proud of her. Of course for cast and crew...it's party time!
awww thank you for the compliment about myy lips.
I just need something different
#drupal can anyone tell me what im doing wrong?
Happy New Years Eve to all our Followers! We hope all ur dreams come true in 2012!
Hey, TC artists! We're still accepting bicycle-themed artwork to display in our gallery. Bring your submission to the store by Nov. 30!
LMFAO at the m&m commercial;)
I plan to treat April Fool's Day with general mistrust and cynicism. Just like I do every other day.
Can't wait to watch Paranormal Challenge tomorrow night and see my man !
I don't care if you go now or if you stay.
cinnamon snowball with and ;)
did you tell your lil bro Happy BIRTHDAY the morning
Ha "Land Down Under" just played on the radio, too funny! #Aussie Aussie Aussie...
We are wrapping up casting on the Newport docu-series. Next week we have 2 new projects - please stay tuned 4 details! Have a good weekend!
HOLY CRAP. I look thru' my mentions, & it's blown up by you. xD
sells out. U missed a great game
Cubs won two in a row! Can they make it 3?!
We already had one Bushwacker in office we don't need another!!!
OMG, lo que me acabas de decir me mató :/ haay bro :( DON'T GIVE UP !!!!!
Tired as a fat bitch tryn to open up a twinkie with no hands.ughh
And I agree with this too lol. This shouldn't even be a discussion ya know. BAN PATCHES FOREVER and FINISH A GAME BEFORE RELEASE.
Male Health: many men with impotence are likely helped by the nutrition supplement Gingko Biloba
Amazing casting session this afternoon. So many ways to play Krieger. Torn between a few. Stay tuned for the reveal.
Wah?! Since when? Sounds good, I owe a trip to NYC very soon. Likewise if you find yourself in rain city!
I can go tomorrow! \m/
If u say u can u can!
On The Phone Wiff Patrick Burns Listening To Baby By Justin Bieber Nd Him Singing Along To The Chorus. EPIC. ♥
yes! Lol. I will be you physical therapist!
it's called get a job, and stop begging! #wow Work for it Honey....
Finished latest web content rewrite. 2.5 months for NIH division.
ALL: now that i have an iphone, what apps do i need to download.
If you can't Love Yourself, How in the Hell You going to Love Someone Else!
Getting into on the dvr! This mother in law drama has me rolling on the floor! When does the reality show start?
I know! haha
After prom its going to be a whole different story .
Strauss-Khan's charged w/ aggravated pimping; is there a lesser style of pimping in France? Maybe a pimpsdemeanor?
"We really bonded while talking in the bathroom," said no man who ever existed.
get it
of course!
can your ego get any bigger?
oy vey that doesn't sound good at all. I've heard of liquid diets. But its obvious that's not your case. Feel better soon.
oops are not our!! Lol
#NOPROBLEM YEAH.TELL ME ABOUT IT!!! HALF THE TIME THE PICTURE DONT EVEN BE THEIRS!!!
Had a fricken stressful day accompanied by a headache & don't feel like cookin. So Olive Garden it is!!
These Oregon helmets are crazy.. Lovin the new styles!!
all I said was I'm gonna be a good mom,LATER IN LIFE!
A challenge: When you run into a preggo today, let something (anything!) other than "How are you feeling?" be your first question to her.
i found it hilarious. when you coming up to kick it on the beach?
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
You shouldn't get attached to me, I'll devour your feelings leave you spineless and empty.
Had a great time at dinner tonight with the new exec team: , , ,
There is no easy road to success
A nigga with a big dick an don't know how to use it.
Hm... I kinda like the new spiderman...
yup! obviously not enough to do.
wwooo hooo I have one team member let's get some more
Enjoy something green today
Free throws win games.
#NWHW Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the U.S. #WomensHealthWeek Fight your risks by texting HEALTH to 300400!
I am looking for rock star kitchen talent at #kettlehill...professional, creative environment and room to grow. please RT/contact me.
you stoop.
Bak on my twitter shit Determination is the motive droppin march 22!!!
One night with you just wasn't enough.
ER&L session on applied use of 360Counter and other usage analytics tools to make decisions coming up at 10:45 CST
I don't think we get a choice in who we fall for. We just... do.
ATTENTION LAMAR STUDENTS: stop putting stuff on twitter cus yall getting EVERYBODY in trouble.. No Videos, Pictures, or Plans. THEY WATCHING
The day I go looking for a good scala parser generator is exactly the day that adds scala-bison to GitHub. Well that was easy.
I ignore my problems instead of fixing them and just hope some one else picks up the pieces. Why can't I just take myself seriously?
.: I've always dreamed of having the opportunity of working with Bryant Gumble.
One of the reasons I love you is because you're wise. :)
shivers down my spine!
Thank you so much! Please let me know if/when I can help you out with tweets/posting. Love what you're about.
Ryan Anderson may be the M.I.P with less impact in the playoffs in history?
After your Fall Mums have stopped blooming cut back close to the ground & cover with a layer of mulch for the winter.
Interested in donating or sponsoring ? Let or know. Hundreds of tweets, a great cause ;)
So you know that terrible album that keeps showing up in your heavy rotation? Yeah, that was me.
MB should really watch what they say sometimes because some of these girls go crazy and take it too far .__.
Just signed my first client!
Free organic ice cream today after 12 at Three Twins (Fillmore and Haight Sts.) Bonus: tips will be donated to Friends of the Urban Forest!!
hahaha thanks those are good ones.
oh i dont know how to play super fan.but im gan find out
Thanks for following me! I am following you too.
Mubarak is not getting the hint in Egypt, We have people over here that did not get the hint-The November elections got their attention.
do you have any samples? got a mixtape coming soon that needs a cover designed
That could be arranged. :) RT : exchange beach for trees, and I'm with you. ;)
No hate. I want OKC to win, they just have no post presence at all. U knw I right.
: hope he also mentioned the lower gas prices! If you blame then you have to give him credit: voters will!
on the way to Astoria for an officer involved shooting that started w/ high speed car chase. Details on
i wish i wish i wish i wish i wish i wish a bitch woooouuuuld
MINDS: Grades are important for the first couple jobs a newly graduated student wishes to get.
Hey thanks for the interaction today!
Do you have PASSION for what you do for a living?? Do you like the people who you work with at your J.O.B.?? What about your 'BOSS', do...
Rise and shine! Start your morning with downward dog and a few sun salutations - you'll feel ready to take on the day!
an MLS team is taking over PGE Park. Beavers future is looking very grim. Look over old tweets & links to find out more.
We are tighter then a fat guy in spandex <3
I hate bugs!
Finally going to on Friday. Going to a meet up of sorts. Looking forward to it.
Depends! Eg comparing change in attitudes, creation of prod that demos learning
thanks for blowing up my newsfeed within the last hour.....
well I'm guessing you aha
I think I might I have the flu but I'm not too sure :/
Picked up two new clients over the past week. One of them found us on Google. The other is returning after a 6 month lapse in service. Yes!
Congrats you've ruined my day.. I thought we were a little more than friends but I guess I was wrong..</3 I hope you're happy.. :'(
How are all the #Hunters? :)
okay. i'll quiet down... when u leaving?
FACT: Cadbury Caramel Creme eggs are not at all as delicious as the real Cadbury Creme Eggs.
what's the name of the Mexican food place u was at?
Relaxing Monday.
oh sorry for the lateness. good evening
#DEN #Broncos and some riot gear
Who knew the #GOPdebate would be an entertaining halftime diversion.
Bye bye hokies, Seminoles are coming to town!
Bluffton, SC, Greenville,SC, Nashville,TN, Tallahassee,FL We're coming for you soon! Don't you worry!
#ConfessionNight I wish would make a twerk video with one of my songs.
Ahh, sorry to miss you! I was mostly in the main room barging in on the teams who were situated near the caffeine. :)
disabled google buzz. my GMail interface is much happier that way. (evidently it hated that obnoxious logo too)
RT : Being Negative Gets You No Where
OMG Love love LOVE the new song #Burnitdown !! Pre ordered the CD! Can't wait! <3 y'all so much. Will be seeing y'all in August!
“Nihilism is best done by professionals.” - Iggy Pop
Time to break out the sundresses!
Still waiting for my bag in miami... Going on hour 3.. Now I remember why don't check them in when I don't need to
Do you have to work tomorrow
heading to Walnut tonight...Look for us.
Thanks! we are so excited for our Auction for Action!
Shout out to all the aussie mahomies who havn't met austin
Heading to #SXSW? I'd love to connect with a fellow Bostonian while out in TX!
DRM is not, nor will it ever be, in the customer's best interest. I'll be cracking the book somehow, and the DMCA can kiss my ass
was working hard to prove herself when a source tipped her off on the story. She always asked: Is there anything else?
Finished Fifty Shades of Grey. Decent story but not sure what the big deal is; I read more hardcore, BDSM erotic romance in grad school.
If it ain't bout the money then wat is the convo for???
Please tell in 140 characters or less
Jason Segel is the man
He's a horrible horrible person. It's none of his business to attack the opposing fanbase, make elderly people & kids walk down 4...
9 more hours of work...i hate covering this shift..im already bored and i just got here an hour ago..someone entertain me
Yes. But not silver-colored plastic tools. Trust me on that.
H.O.P.E- Hold On, Pain Ends.
“: My mom said no drinking Tomorow...."okay" 😏” lol
I will tomorrow baby! ❤
Its up to each of us to do the footwork that it takes to reach our own maxium potential
Must try RT Peanut Butter & Jelly lattes are delicious. Wooden nickel (worth $2) w/ purchase this week
Google Wallet... just a matter of time until it appears on Etsy.com :)
#Starbucks here I come
another case of corporate greed.
Can't believe I didn't catch that the time was ET Will you show Decision again?
i'm about my fans the street made me Don Bivè im not up tight like how i was before i got shot thinking im better then every one
Our famous cheese sticks are in! and they are yummy
i heard that companies ARE people :)
Hey Richard! I've been a twitter slacker lately, but I'm doing well. Creating some great corp & service org convos :) you?
Spend a lot of time talking to customers in person. You'd be dazzled what number of companies don't listen to their customers.
yes. I'm starting to listen to them now. I listened to a song occasionally over the past year but now I'm really liking them
a nigga need pizza
Yeah, I had a bad, bad experience both times I went. It's just too crowded. Though I just did one with 800 runners & it was boring
. :) Just purchased sweet potato tortilla chips as tonight's vegetable, along with guacamole.
The ideal school board would have character Ed for digital students. Technology Ed would start off the mission statement.
Find the best survival product here. Stop being ignorant. www.magictowelusa.com
lawlz he's a sweetie tho came on the family ski trip last weekend
i want to dip dye my hair.
I support #SexistTrousers. They are hilarious and if you are offended by something so stupid, you're an idiot.
thanks for the follow ! Cheers
As an amateur pseudo-scientist and hyphen-using afficionado. I say thats a statistical near-inevitability of a winning team.
Hey , you doing anything fun for SXSW?
No I don't, but TY for the intro! ;D RT : do you know I believe the 2 of you have some common...
These Pearl-ites should have never started given out free beer to a #SouthEast Portland boy.
im gonna like kill my math teacher :-/
With enjoying a nice dinner at Bj's then going to the midnight premiere of THE HUNGER GAMES!!
RT : is giving great talk on Twitterology!! Did you know there's a unique URL for every tweet?
Looked like tomorrow would never come. Hey! Hey! Davy! R.I.P.
Agreed and I think if the process formally changes successfully the pay will have to follow.
Some people change and some don't, the ones that change are not your friend
Finding musical inspiration from Pixar's UP
that moment when your grandma is in an ambulance and you didn't know because you were asleep.
Great information from NYSCA's Lisa Robb today at Arts and Cultural Council for Greater Rochester.
Somehow I managed to get sick again. So everyday this week after work I've gone home and slept. It's not ideal in this beautiful weather.
Isolates are important if you are a brand, if you are a community you want connections
Pretty sure I'm not making good decisions that will better jet lag.
Hey biebs you probably will never see this but I just wanted to say your amazing and you have a big heart follow me :) <3
'Tis so much special that you are to all of us wherever it is we may be to feel you special and most beauteous.
Turned on Miracle just in time for Herb Brooks' speech. Awesome timing. (on TNT).
The alcohol flavored kind. I have a busy month coming up.
what are the debts? DM me
RT : At for happy hour with 4 lucky listeners!!!
Happy President's Day! Which president do you find to be the most inspirational and why? We're looking for #motivation-so keep it positive!
Touch base soon sir! RT : I'm excited!
where you watching hockey?
Weekends and vacations are time to break away and find new inspiration. Relax and Refresh your mind to come up w/new ideas.
what was the bad newz
The constant battle between sin and servitude.
Visiting #Westside in #Omaha listening to an Overview of their 1:1 experiences. Thank You!
RT : at 12:30, Dino from ††† () will be calling in to talk about the show tomorrow at I'll give away a...
Lol u so dumb RT : whats up my fav mexicans? When ima get drunk with y'all n the gang again
Office Depot recalling 319,000 office chairs WASHINGTON — Office Depot, in cooperation with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission a
aw thanks missy!
Live Octo...thanks for the warning.
"I never cheated for the record back when I was with you but you believe in everything but me *boy i don't get you"
Heading home from work early to avoid the #SeaMayDay protestors. Protest with your wallets, not your fists.
never had it.
As a former Atlanta resident and artist I know is one of the best things that city has going for it.
End of 1 in DC and the #Caps up 1-0. Could be 3-0. Should be 3-0. Hope that doesn't bite us.
The phone calls i have with her!<3 About to have a good night sleep!:)
...I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself. -Confucius
Lucky you. Already starting your weekend!
Got to hang out #SteveWang special effects creator of Predator... Great guy! He saw #OneLongDay!
Now speaking at the Black Male Summit is Dr. Imani Perry of Princeton University.
Idk what my mom and sisters are going to do when I'm at college haha
I need food .-.
Vintage Tedford screen pass right there.
okay I'm sorry feel better girlie.
We can have the meetings at my place, I'm 30 minutes from the loop in Chicago ;)
Great Idea!
getting my twitter account in sync with the biz. Need to get off to bed and up early for a phone chat with a publisher.
Getting all my anger out in these tweets
as long as you enjoy everything's fine ;) Hmm okay i think our school isn't quite interesting.. I always look forward +
I'm constantly amazed @ the technology of our bodies. The small scrape on my arm is healing by raising up & smoothing together.
always love your tweets
Hope all my twitter friends enjoy the holiday.
lets start a new club, the Anti MM club! Yayyyy!
#teamfollowback I AUTO FOLLOW!
Create your private network of mentors to assist and encourage you along the way of achieving your goals. www.IamINC.biz
Good morning, #Chicago! Where are you looking for a new apartment today? Tweet us and we'll help find you a place!
#halloween never to old to dress up!
Ahh, so happy for you two! Great photo! Gotta get in on this celebratory tweet, too. :)
I really wish u would stfu about this cuz it wasnt petty u juss mad cuz I left
"Do it for Johnny, man...for Johnny."
You say you'd die for it but i plan on living for it.
FOLLOWERS! If and I can't get our planned video done for tomorrow what should we do?! DM me your ideas! (;
Let's take a trip towards sunshine and clear water.
Almost 100 follows and we haven't even been on twitter 24 hours!! Thank you guys so much!
this early what time zone you in
Toasted Coconut Porter now in bottles. Get em while you can at Total Wine and ABC's. Cheers!
-__- lol if I recall perfectly fine, I almost got a heart attack last night cause you!!!!!!!! Lmfao
Okay, now this dude is giving away free tortillas and sriracha
I just realized that I don't like kiwi anymore. Omg what a sad moment I used to love it. What happened
But so cute
#AutoFollow The gods do not protect fools. Fools are protected by more capable fools.
Go Louisville
Directioners are down right the childish fanbase ever.
My problems hide in numbers
send some examples
Watching Dick Clark makes me sad. "It's happened year, after year, after year" yes AFTER YEAR. Time to retire bud...
Notice your car doesn't look as good as it did when you bought it? We can help! When the shine & protection matter call us!
Congratulations to you both.
I should also work out today too whenever I'm done shopping :) hang out with my niece :)
#Obamashouldsay State of Nation's Children precarious: Children’s Leadership Council Urges President and Congress to Renew Focus on Children
Thanks for the follow! Viva QR codes!
boutt to listen to THAT GETs ME COOL SO MY MIND WONT BE STRESSED NOT HAPPY RIGHT NOW
recently. i hope you are now following ? and don't forget - she is going to be my #femfash blogger
We assume you've lost a Super Bowl bet a time or two. What's the best punishment you've heard of for losing??
pitbull website coming soon!!!!!! call me if your looking for a puppy... Rita 404.454.1494
you better! I'll see if I can make it tonight girl!!!
you disappeared! Lol. Good seeing you tonight!
By bike, this time!
Come join us for an awesome steak for $10.95 and $1 off all taps tonight!
Staying off Facebook today. Timeline will be infested by thick piggies.
I have #google+ invites if anyone needs them.
Wall Township Wins In Straight Sets 25-21 and 25-22 over Colts Neck in Shore Confrence boys volleyball.
Awesome!! Can't wait to check it out :)
Tryin to save a little gas/energy, and decide to roll the windows down in the car instead of a.c....then u get the heat blast!!!
Now following
lmfao it's easy! What do you need help with ?
Officially done with #ala11 stuff. Looking forward to dinner w/ MOH
Oh. Um. Great. *sigh*
Wishing you all the love and happiness in the world and congratulations on your marriage.
i would buy you an extra box;), but we dont have girl scout cookies in england:(
omg there were a pair in front of salon yesterday waiting for owner of doughnut place to feed them!
Gfffynbgyibdjkmkj.... totally partying at Franks right now. We will be making brains explode on stage in an hour and a half-ish.
sounds like an interesting idea, though I'm not sure about some of the questionable ways to get badges...
back on the job
tomorrow we have some stupid thing called career day and my first hour career is a police officer.... kill me now.....
Hidden Seattle gem? The #RainierValleyCulturalCenter (3515 Alaska). This gorgeous performance space is perfect for all kinds of live events.
Indy Reads has a Volunteer Orientation next Monday the 25 from 11 am-1 pm. Call 275-4040 or email to register!
good plan.
hey! our is on twitter now! See what our awesome high school students are up to!
I'm a #Knicks Fan for Life!
I hope spring comes soon.
Make sure to check out #SportsPRchat Tonight @ 9pm ET with - great talks!!
PB&J is so satiating, I feel so full now 😌
Thanks for the RT's. It was a fantastic show. We're happy to support it each year.
Love that guy, have one of his demos
Letang HAS to know that starting a fight when another fight is already going on is an AUTOMATIC game misconduct. He HAS to be smarter.
hope you have a good day
I really wanted to go out and drink tonight.. Doubt that's guna happen
Left the #lawandsexsocial. Met who is absolutely lovely. Hope I didn't embarass myself too much!
I wonder what they said before the year 1. Happy New Nothing!
Omgg i haven't been on here in forever!
Thanks for following us, Kevin.
oh okay
Well it's still fun to watch, so you aren't out of the loop when everyone is talking about it. Ya know?
What are your New Year's plans and resolutions?
It feels so good to be headin home.... Its.fugly out here...
I'm done trying to be a gentleman to these emotional battered women fuck it
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JACK NICHOLSON!!!
Haven't went to school all week loll
Less than 1 hour away from the new iCarly "iPear Store"!! :D
Starbucks > #yum 😍
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE WONDERFUL MOTHERS! THANK YOU FOR ALL THAT YOU DO FOR US.
Touched by Kim Youn Na's win yesterday. Cool that my nieces can see non-Koreans go nuts over a Korean athlete.
...and more importantly, enjoy the weather up there and enjoy your day.
Actually had CVS check my ID because they made a mistake. Their error brings my identity into question.
Good museums should embody the values of a nation. Marjorie Schwarzer
What you doing?
Don't forget to make reservations for the SEAFOOD buffet this Friday night!
So...jokes. Right?
at the collisium watching motorcycle racing on ice...so cool! i wanna do it! now i hav the itch to hop on my quad! you boys like Mexico
Pssst, pssst, come check out new spring collection. There's somethings you might want to see if you haven't checked in a few days.
pumpkin carving?! what? where? when? i think you should go with the classic face... or your name :)
i a
Oh I see the connection. I don't think I will, not their target demo. However, think lots of 20 somethings might.
just got top braces yesterday -.- already had my bottom.. f me... <3 :\
RT Im trying to settle a debate was Rudolph really one of Santa's original reindeers or is he completely fictional?
We have a GR8 excuse: book tour 4 RTI quite like justifications 4 going to London! Add in 'Matilda'! I'm itching 4 a trip!
Directioners Love One Direction Moms ♥
Rough wk of work, spilled coffee on laptop, but Friday Night Lights and HIMYM marathons w baby Averie sleeping in my arms made it all better
“: #100ThingsILove Ms. Martin ! Isn't that right ?” Mrs. Martin, do you not remember hubby
I love this song sossoso much!
you're missing all the most-watched programming on CBS!?! Blasphemy!?! How will I feed my children?
watching the episode with hosting, love him but its not the same w/o you! Get back gurrlll.
we'll be in section 106, row 12, numbers 13-16. we would love to be interviewed!
that's just genius!
Watching the game in bed with a migraine. That goal is only making me feel more sick.
Quote of the night " I'd rather be dumb than mean; that way you can be be mean and have an excuse" -Me
I think stalking is still a crime even if it's zombie stalking. Get on that, Cynthia.
RT “: #IKnowThisOneGirl who acts like everything is fine but at night she cries her self to sleep.”
Hey!! Are you here...? Dunno about rockin', but definitely learned a lot in doc-consort.
Not sure what your situation is, but just wanted to tell ya to keep your head up. Things will get better. :)
Congrats! I'm proud to say that my wife is a Dirty Girl.
creepy my brother is listening to this and like it came on my feed as that part was playing O_O haha
I'm gonna go cry now.
Movie trending now in LA, CA : The Eagle (live updates)
I have seen rumbles re a Saved By The Bell reunion. I can't even type words to express the feelings I have about it. Something like "OMGYES"
for what reason bro?
When looking @ any poll, what doesn't register is the numbers of Americans who do not vote, thus
Hey Madd, thanks or following I looked at your pictures, what exactly is that animal?
im listenin 2 this new track GOD and I produced,im waiting 4 GOD 2 write the song 4 me! I cant be stopped,its just GOD'S PLAN! IM INCREDIBLE
Just caught end of aerial America Maine now aerial America Tennessee on channel. Amazing footage of our beautiful country.
Pitti on name authority "Keeping two names separate when you are in doubt is better than conflating them, which obscures information."
What happened to Maroon 5....Moves Like Jagger and now this song with Wiz Khalifa
This may make me sound like a fat ass but they need to make king size hostess cupcakes and king size snack packs. You know you agree!
i am just joking ! All the Beliebers out there probably will get in a fight over who loves him more so lets just leave this topic
I'm at Antigua tonight on the deck playing solo! Come on out enjoy music and great times.
The love for money is the root of all evil !
Boosty_Collins is the man
OH YEA!
Happy Sunday everyone! DogFencesandMore.com
My mama deserve this day cuz I know that's one lady who will never let's us go without
haha yeah I have a rottweiler but hes getting old now he's 10
i want to slap him right now.. he better be glad we arent in the same place..
Cuse is good ... But , remember their history of early NCAA tourney exits.
how to I change back to the default nameservers?
board now fend to text every girl numba i got in my phone ...
If you live everyday like your starving, you will never be hungry for the rest of your life
studios on fire.
I am the only one who thought Hunger Games sucked balls?
OK, let's do it then. OBAMA ATE DOGS 45 years ago.FRIED his BRAINS on DRUGS & PUSHED a GIRL 25 years ago.
Do you show your mother love enough?
no some other sport
Clutch win by Bucky on the road, Sullinger not in the game, Berggren out of his mind defensively!!
I don't work in the area, so 17:00 is pushing it a little for me, might be more like 17:30/45.
I know. I'm sorry. Its my bias. Id like to be less so .. And tbh I'm coming around.
but having a central place to link from w/shared calendar can help student2-ours wanted canvas in st survey-link 2 lots
It was a great event at the 92nd Street Y, but at the beginning I felt like I was watching it from Mars.
: When u r so close to someone u can hear there voice when u read there text. :)
Thats bcos every1 here is more sweeter than in real life
trimmed my "beard" and got rid of the neck-beard D: now i look slightly less unruly.
New slogan one of my coworkers coined today: You're only young once
Amazing to think how all of our lives have changed for the better because of the vision of Steve Jobs. Thanks, Steve.
Coming back from a long day today :D A casting dizzy daners. It was really fun :)
my dad bought my mom a wacom cintiq 24hd a few months ago :) she loves it!
no doubt that we will :)
To date 636 IUSD at-risk students have benefited from Operation School Bell - thank you for your support!
your location still says Canada
HalloQueen tonight at the Tractor! Wahoooo! And yee haw!
My summer gone be crackin cuz I'm goin to the A n June then Cali n July n hopefully College n August
when people show you they are crazy....believe them!!
LMFAO. bad bad seed child.
anxiously awaiting the debut my fam + #plug #maknmoves if you're in the
has anyone said you look like cody zeller lmao!!!!
you an ak cool now
There goes my gyro - Falafel Fighters
Father God, show me Your path, teach me Your ways. My heart’s deepest desire is to know You and to be known by You. You are my King.
" : Tell buddy I said congrats and that i sent her a follow request "
Really my father tho.
My mom <
At work bored...ready to get drunk tonight
“Unscrupulous financial acts” spike mid class tax luxury! Lucky! Tax us high. Tax us low. WE JUST WANT TO PAY TAX!
Where's BLACK SHEEP?
you love them. Don't deny it :)
Hundreds remember former UCSD volleyball player who was murdered in Coronado shooting rampage.
we gotta hook you up!
Me & my pointless info(:
sorry, there are so many great events going on in May! Still hope to see you, come late and stay late!
I may not want to workout but I never regret it when I do!
Deep-fried falcon. Yummy!
RT : S/O to me for being a real nigga! Lol
Y'all need to stop saying that is Gay like C'mon #getalife nd #growup (;
NICE! A little look of the pages on mobile!! Go :)
yup, that shit will get you arrested now a days.
No matter how many times I see it, the 17 directors in 20 years statistic blows my mind.
a world size loss to the whole world
Sinking my teeth into The Hunger Games
"Good heavens! He's committed pesticide!" LOL.
: Haloo back at cha, but it's Mrs.
Smiles an hand shakes everywhere I go...
In #PawSox debut, #RedSox newbie Scott Podsednik was 1-for-3 with 2RBI (single and sacrifice fly). Team seeks sweep at 12:05 tomorrow.
what u been up to!
It's going off at the Ivy tonight!
My Jr. Thespians were AWESOME at Shakespeare Fest, my dog loved sitting in my lap, & Suzy is right here with me
Wkshps are separate from WD, but I checked w/that dept for you: Best they can offer is coupon code MAR12 for $15 off in March.
let me spend a day with ya
I promise you that there will be a pre-Chicago post. Around 1 or 2.
Honesty and being upfront... these are some of the quilitys we would like our children to have... why not our associates?
I'm attending Film Church with festival Director John Cooper & director of programming Trevor Groth here at Filmakers Lodge
I got it. I died laughing when I saw the formality of the email and pictures. I will forward to our VP. Thank you!!
Happy Easter yall!!
Thanks for the follow. We're following you now too!
nothing on your side of the ball big man, DT Mich St, and CB from Vandi
I almost took my SAT with a #3 pencil.
let me know how it is!
Broncos Win. Raiders lose. And the pathetic CSU Rams just fired their head coach. Good day in sports.
twitter, your love is outta this world |:
You're funny.
And dinner too! LOL Count me in for one week and Sam for another. ;)
LOLOL!! That was a toss-up from the minute you clicked "add to my cart". You get the animal print?
Buy one get one free Iced Teas until 6. Someone's in a happy hour mood!
demo'd the new native app yesterday. Social Selling is becoming real this winter. Timelines and all.
We really enjoyed Lake Izac and all the fun things to do at Shenandoah Crossing! Those 3 bdrm cabins are lovely, too!
likewise. and if you want to go hunt your doppelganger someday, let me know. :)
"There are few joys in life more profound than watching an idea blossom into something special." Christel DeHaan, 2006.
hustle #hard brother and never let up! Thanks for bein you bro. 1
Ian's face when lil mama starts hitting on him >
Proposals, proposals, proposals...when will we have a grantwriting proposal-free summer? I'm thinking 2013.
Beautiful vibes last night on Boom Bap Society. Big thanks to for coming down to perform, and to everyone who came out. Blessed.
let me know how the movie is.
Congrats to Patty from Palm Harbor ...she's going to see Disney on Ice!!!!
: RT "...I got a fowl mouth yep fowl” I always say: Better a fowl mouth than a bird brain.
Gr8 morning of learning and sharing with Loveland MS educators today!
We love it!
looking forward to meeting you in New York Cityy xx
I thought you told me sleeping with bed bugs is better than sleeping alone?
Upon learning of Olympic Sonic Weapon the says "Throbbing Gristle developed sonic weapons..." Make of this what u will.
Have a Merry Christmas everyone :)
I've unfollowed you before, so you can probably just fuck right off.
Could definitely use a little advice from in regards to a new client we are bringing onto the roster.
Resend: coworker made a comment about 'the glamorous life,' now I have the Sheena E song stuck in my head. QUITE the jam back in the day
awww poor baby
are you coming to Florida for a signing?
So, the world definitely isnt ending today. ;)
determined to still have a great day!
And. Irrelevant.
Thanks for the follows:
Did the Shuttle tile thing when I was a Materials Science undergraduate in the University of Florida.Tile belonged to department.
Happy Mother's Day!
Had to reassure my students who work on CATNIP that their projects mean as much to me as WFF. They didn't want to be forgotten at
All is well. No flooding. Fee minor branches. Trees staye in the ground. All fine on your end, I hope.
Random mentions in this panel: Cameltoe, donkey, sorcerer's apprentice, and dictators.
been good ready for graduation already
people need to know RT Putting "fact" or "boom" at the end of a sentence is a good douche indicator.
When was the last time a team had under 100 yards total offense, yet wins by three touchdowns? FSU over the Gators
Good times! Great to hang with u too : Its fabulous to see at #EveningWithTheStars at ”
#alicebucketlist take some time out of your day and RT this for a girl w/ cancer <3
Little kids call it old men, we call it creepy guys
Fitting room argument with some random guy.
Thanks for the kind words!
Attending expo @ The New York Times now!
Im not calling christopher
RT : Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. -Albert Einstein...
I hate the museum guy with the beard on Pawn Stars, just give a damn value already
Flow and Float or relative/absolute positioning is the question?
It's almost lunch time! Today we have Chili con Carne, Tostadas & 2 Tacos with a side of rice & beans!
At The Sound in Charlottesville getting ready to track drums for 'Feel' and 'Guardian'.
You may not think you have any unfulfilled desires, but listen closely. They are only a whisper away.
no I had to work lol. No I haven't gone to a Phx suns game yet. Lol I miss going but I'm so busy with work ugh Get tomorrow off
on occasion
No problem, dear. Just wanted to give you a heads up before I start getting penis enlargement ads xD
This weekend cant come soon enough! 😊👯🎉🍻
Baja Rock Club Tonite on Main St. In St. Charles at 9 PM. Nite Owl will be performing at 10 PM. Come on out and kick it..!!
i only did it to teach you a lesson early in the game
-shaves head- ..what hair.. (not attractive to any boy in one direction anymore -kills self-)
Guy on the street asking for money is doing it while talking on his cell phone. Now that's just impolite!
Just landed in Orlando. The race is on to catch keynote at
RT : Cavuto asks #Romney if same-sex marriage is analogous to fight for civil rights. Romney: "I don't see it in that light."
it'd be hard to even try to be a loner..i care about certain friends a little to much <33
If my next 100 tweets consist of trying to get to #PrayforEthan, I will gladly dedicate them all to him! Plz #PrayforEthan!
Today a man who changed the world forever was born and his words still ring true today. Happy Birthday Sir Issac Newton.
Hey y'all. Happy weekend.
I know you read my message if I sent it on bbm and the little "r" is in the corner I'm not stupid.
#Ichiro to bat 3rd - Figgins to lead off. If this doesn't work, then yes, Figgins can be considered a bust. Hoping for success.
Went to sleep with mascara on. Woke up looking like Courtney Love.
nice shoes.! :D♥
I love to see people follow me. It makes me realize that people really do care :)
Lets pimp the system
Ain't nothing like day old leftovers ;-)
Remember everyone - trying is the first step to failure.
i hate waiting!, sucks.. i should go buy a drink...
Hm...I might get those j's that come out saturday
So not in the mood to finish my projects! Why do it now when there is still 3 days left?
If it makes ownership think this team is good as is its not good and that's my fear
I'm from Indiana:)
Local produce stand returns to Whole Foods on Centre Ave. Eat Fresh, Buy Local, Slice Tomatoes, Forget Papercut, Wince Violently.
absolutely, loved him in horrible bosses :)
Tell us why your Mom is an inspiration in 140 characters & u could win Mother's Day gift package worth $230. Use #LouCathSports to tag post.
Ah I hate it when I am eating yogurt and a piece of fruit shows up.
Hey Jim Boeheim, get over yourself and get out of the zone. If you do, you'll win by 20.
And I keep trying to dry my eyes, come and find me in the valley.
you realize that i was totally joking with that last tweet right?
Join our mobile and receive a free gift tomorrow. Text SUNSET to 55800.
I'm about to get it on with the foam roller… all over the floor. That's right. Smack dab in the middle of the living room. No shame.
I feel ya. How goes the hunt for Satan?
America's hat here we come. Boarding for Vancouver!!!
I hope Manning pulls a "Jimmy Chitwood" and says "If Tebow stays I play, if he goes I go"
#dondraper would be almost 90 today.
:-) TY, I appreciate that. I try, have a lot more to learn though.
Mr. Lincoln knew his way around a phrase. I remember that statement all too well.
no I just dnt lk my thing glowing every 2 seconds on my mentions ;)
because ur a liar who wont ever stop ur shit
had some pickled fiddlehead ferns tonight. Thought of you. Served with wood grilled asparagus, red quinoa and ramps!
How many emails are in your Inbox? I have 491 - that is too many!
In relationships ur gonna fight & argue but before the day ends just try to fix the problem & let it be known you love each other.
When the music changes, so does the dance
Damn the wonder girls won....
if I remember correctly, its more EIT than glass passenger. probably remembers better.
If your not familiar with Jack White (White Stripes) "Netflix" etc have a video "It might get loud" For those that love great Guitarists
This cold and rainy stuff is going to make my hunt for coffee extremely tough this morning.
Fighting with my eyelids..
RT : “: Enjoying the conversations, engagement, and speakers at #SDCChi” very much so, great program!
Ginger-spice latte! Nom
what nonsensical pseudo fury by the talking heads on the Right regarding the HHS decision to protect the health of all women.
I think "perfect jeans" are a total myth.
The beauty is inside of you!!!
#FF RT : wishing you lots of good luck! Missed you last night, hope to see you soon.
trying to find out if this dude i knew actually died or if it's someone with the same name. what the fuck
First Kyrgyz driver recommends Jibek Jolu (5047 N Lincoln). Try the besh barmak - it's a lamb and noodle dish.
which is why she doesn't follow me anymore, der.
#goaway I hate you
'INSPIRATION' starts with? Normal People: "I".. Me: "ACM"(:
It was incredible, thanks! How are you feelin' about camp? We have two #cubuffs at this point. I'm geeked!
Happy Friday the 13th!
This only makes me hate the heat more
loves when a client writes a personal email then closes with: "By the way - I still love my website :) you guys did a super job for me!"
thanks for the tweet
Ayn Rand coming soon to Reorb.it, and SIlicon Valley?
Only disadvantage to living on the water-- #tsunami advisory. Hope everyone stays safe and takes the necessary precautions.
I'm glad to hear you liked it! Just curious... If you'd like to, what would you use our technology for?
american dad, mcdonalds && becoming a wizard. awesome morning.
Thanking the universe for Tortas.
HoeLies #46: I can drive stick.
Crazy, huh?
Where's the Jersey love? What's a Yankee that loves the South to do?
Today is National Donut Day I guess?!? Buy any size drink & get a free donut at Dunkin Donuts! Happy Friday!
I hate when ppl make stupid comments KNOWING I can prove you wrong in a second wit my PROOF. lol wow goodnight
BADASS SHOW last night! Thanks to everyone in the crowd, yall were awesome!! Check us out next week at Rock Falls Tavern!!!!!! (Sat. Aug 27)
I could eat my weight in Starburst Jelly Beans
Okay they're back. Crisis averted. Netflix watching can commence.
Hmm I wonder how well this will be moderated/abused...
I love his goofy ass...
Just learned how to use a low tech Eye Gaze Frame. Communicated with no voice or body movement. Only using eyes.
Wanna talk? :) I got nothing to do.
I think he has been a champion for freedom for all. I think bush was took away more freedoms personally. Patriot act.
that picture with Liza Jane, so precious!!!
The salt trucks haven't hit too many streets yet, be careful out there Pittsburgh
we just really want you to settle down and eat your pizza :)
Whistling in public is considered bad manners. // Sure way to irritate the shit out of me?Walk around the office whistling.
you have a great outlook on life lol
We will miss you too Jen! RT : This was an amazing day. Cantata Singers, I will miss you.
You are a nerd, admit it, but regardless, we miss you!
aye ;D I just downloaded it , haha that song Slaps.
without me?!! BITCH
Reaction to the #Redsox game can be summed up in one brief expression: LOL.
Quotes like this make me think of "Otherwise, YouTube is still cranking with 60,000+ views last month with zero ad spend"
#MomQuotes "You gone miss me when I'm gone"
I'll be up up and away up up and away, cause in the end they'll judge me anyway so whatever
(Full disclosure: Jo Ann is my SIL. I like this poem.)
#lrt omfg liam is so tan
My six year old..."Mom, can you coach Batman how to not be so sad?" Give him my number. Hee, hee.
(con't) ...and immensely encouraging to all indie filmmakers -- including ourselves! THANK YOU SO VERY VERY MUCH!! ()
even if I can't personally make it I'll def send out a reporter to check it out ;)
nice avi real nice
Happy #vday everyone! Please be safe while enjoying time with your loved ones.
": we. Did our best to represent and brought home a convincing 4-2 win!" Congratulations on your victory!!
Sorry to hear that. Anyway, I guess I'l see you at some of Blackout Fest.
United please fix our plane quickly, so we can travel home safely and get sleep before work tomorrow.
wanna hear a joke :3
Thanks Gary, but 311 doesn't work nights or weekends, neither does Streets. SIgh. Now in Day 4 of Garbage Street!
Is it ever okay to say to somebody I don't like you gift?
agreed lol its just how do those people wake up with out just killing themselves lol ..ok dark lol
Get up and out to the game tonight. Weather's real nice, the #Bats are coming off a win and $1 Budweisers.
the real team edward :))))
Ok , I absolutely LOVE your clothes, but what is with the consistently rude and snotty sales people?!
that's not what I heard ;8
yeah we do..<3
Let's all get up, & dance to a song that was a hit before your mother was born. <3
I just signed up kristianne98
Bring fine Brazilian Hardwood Flooring to you.
- that sounds like daydreaming...
Getting ready to publish the Late Fall schedule of classes. So excited for lots of fall and holiday inspired classes!! Stay tuned....
: He's aight...But I prefer Viko Nillamor better!!! <--- yea cus Villa doesn't even rap.. Im trippin
Last nights episode was great! Willie & Jase were hilarious & Sadie & Beau were adorable!
good... I needed a workout, and less things that keep me awake at night. But I'm glad you are happier too!
you belong with me i dedicate that song to you
"Doing it right" goes out the window when the guy who deserves "dignity & respect" makes >20MM/yr.
If he is done which it appears so... The Brewers have to make a move for a shortstop right? Or possibly call up Gennett???
Day 3 of my water challenge and I'm so proud of myself! Planning on going all month long!
#HighGlitzLounge is searching for current title holders to interview for their fabulous blog. Email for details
legit lol. And I'm stealing it. Thx.
I already have it planned, Im gonna steal a baby bear and wait for the momma to eat me...:)
lol isn't it a bit past your bedtime now?
Ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me
And people want to bring MORE sports teams to me? How about we make my current ones not suck donkey penises first?
First of two 15 minute periods underway at #LSP after Mexico and Honduras ended regulation tied 1-1
Using the girls bathroom at school
well you could always turn on basketball :)
“: I'm pretty sure your draft tastes better than the NFLs!!” We definitely agree w/ you there!
#worldcupfinal Wow!! What a goal!
So glad our 2011 ToY and number one TPS advocate Michelle Pearson was able to make it to TLD. Angry Birds analogy? Perfect!
well I'm not even sure when the dates/locations are
Did you lose sleep & peace of mind over it too? 2hrs of gunshots, Fighter jets & Helicopters turned the Grove into War Zone
Q&A time tell me anything your little heart tells you!!! BTW F4F!!!!!!! :3
Which TV are you shopping for? Our test team can take a look at it.
fucking class is booty
Baby, you can be my extra credit. I promise i'll do my homework.. (;
no my friend fck you ...
I hope it continues for the rest of his career, so the #Astros won't have any trouble getting him out next year and beyond!
E-Portfolios: Have to also consider the next step. Not just what you have done, but where would you like to go?
It's #Titanic Week at Loyola! Before attending the events, stop by the Donovan Reading Room to see our Titanic exhibit.
I don't mean for this to sound wrong but, what's he afraid of? His kids safety?
RT if you are loving the extra daylight in the evenings.
Congrats to Ohio University wide receiver Lavon Brazill on getting drafted by the Indianapolis Colts!
Joey @ Naome live at Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino, Tampa "Lobby Bar" from 5:30 to 10:00pm.
u home
You talk so much crap, you need to wipe your mouth.
Thanks! It is best to stay off notice.
Thanks for this great gift!
/grander-for-life
i diggin the Sanchez girl on AI
LOL NOT A THUG WHITE BOY BITCH A SUIT WHITE BOY LOL
I just wanted to say that I love the cover! I'm obsessed with The Wanted and this is the BEST cover I've heard by far.
RT game vs. Duke, 8:15...Good Luck Gentlemen.
Life lesson # 3597: Stop drinking coffee on an empty stomach. This is a weekly issue. I know it makes me jittery. So why do I keep doing it?
Kobe be thugging, i really get off if kobe sent me at a nigga, like i'll deck durrant on da muscle for my dude, real shit
Rain, thunder, wind. Perfect for starting A Wrinkle in Time.
yep you told me to call you when i woke up a i did lol
Here's to the Mahomies who had #SaySomethin on repeat, all day, everyday.
“: So proud of the storm for making such an amazing yearbook!! 💙💛” aw thanks!!!!! 💋
Cisco Intros New WiFi Networking Technology for Stadiums ...
Keep it to ya self
I give up! Stop sending the "Verification Emails" Stop sending me the " is trying to send you money". Just return it.
for sure
A thousand miles vanessa carlton... Making my way down town- white chick
Twitter gets SERIOUS during the NBA playoffs!
How can I get an autograph?
Yes, but going to have to read the PDF again to understand all the differences in forwarding on M vs. F cards!
agree. good stuff.
When the going gets rough, & you feel like you may fall, just look #OnTheBrightSide, you're roughly six feet tall. ♪
Follow the dudes:
30 Seconds To Mars 'Neither Confirm Nor Deny' Breakup Rumors
happy Mother's day!
Mark Rothko's paintings are.... "like television sets for Zen Buddhists" Unknown
Made up for Michael from Dallas not calling in. The kid tried hos hardest to stay up. Fell asleep with the phone in his hand.
is a gamer, my world is complete.
GO HEAD GURL
There's some tall folks. You'd fit in! #trapeze #aerial RT : I want to learn. Too tall?
Delts knock off Cutters to win #Little500!!!!
Does anyone know of a kid friendly restaurant that would like to have a clown come and do balloons for free??
My friend apparently met Zooey's evil doppelganger in a NYC beer bar last week. Apropos of nothing, really.
Chris, u dress sestio or rinaldo just off piss off
I believe today is gonna be a good day :)
That is awesome! Congrats!
Steve Blake's defense these past games
Kid in front of us started as with Heat James jersey. Came back with a Pacers West. Awesome.
#NYG at #Packers, who does everyone like? This should help decide the #NFC playoff picture.
Might get a sidekick from daniek(:
Are we really still asking this? RT Is Social Media Just a Fad Or a Real Live Game Changer? bit.ly/bGjFYm
Haha, Would you be my date to #RPPROM if we still have it?!?
it's not for everyone lol
An inventory KPI for : qty. of employee discount redemptions
You are doing a wonderful job...Keep it up.
Well feet are done & I'm tired as hell but I got a stack of biz cards & contacts so I'd say pretty good day. Thx for joining us!
Yeah you definitely do get that feeling for a while but both have merit. After spending time with all three, I'm back to iOS.
book your tables and cabanas for rehab, wet republic, pure, vanity LAX LAS VEGAS!
Due to Hurricane Irene the DC and Tyson's locations are closed today. Please stay safe.
Ask the writer/photographer to get a copy sent to you. Standard practice.
KPerry/SDogg/Jim Iovine to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement & theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song "Cali(fornia) Girl"! Details coming soon.
Haha Yep I was a tad surprised by that one too!
Awhh (: It was awesome seeing you! (: Well, chatting with you XD x
I <3 U amazing women! I learned so much from each of yall!
FRINGE IS ON!
Yay! Stupid Twitter:P
Congrats on finishing ur 2nd round! Good Job! :) RT My 2nd round of HCG is done!
S/O to we dont talk much but he seems cool af. His tweets are real and always has the best shoes. #followhim (:
I am going to a meeting with the P&T Committee today to discuss a streamlined method to do cited reference searches
Net Worth 23MM.
Oh goodness. The Woodman's commercials kill me.
thankyou but omg like, it came out of nowhere. Btw, we still need to trade faces ;)
: Daily Giveaway: Send a tweet using #RawnatureBodyTreats for a chance to win an 8 oz jar of my new Buttercream Body Wash.
Have long thought pick performance was best when public had strongest ("most exploitable") opinion but with 7-0 start in NHL playoffs....
If shows up at the 10/28 Tweetup, bonus points for everyone!
Steelers Cut Ward !!!
At olive garden.
Gotta find someone for me cause dis shit is getting old.
RT : Dear kind sir picking up the contents of my purse after I dropped it: that brick wrapped in tin foil is my travel burrito
Some people are in love with the IDEA of a startup, the associated 'bragging rights' and whatnot but are afraid of the work
Azusa Library is showing Home Alone tonight at 6:30 PM. Milk and cookies will be provided.
If you need inspiration ...Gavin Degraw's music will touch your spirit, down to the Core!
The forecast today called for a high of 72 degrees. It's now 46 and dropping, and I'm stuck waiting for my bus without a coat. Brrr.
Im gonna stop judging people.
My early-bird pricing ends on Wednesday and I already have nearly 100 registrations. You make me blush, Seattle.
Ahwanhee hotel: gorgeous lobby with an amazing dining room. Looking fwd to lunch
Literally dancing around my apartment. Just found out that I'll be interning for , the best public radio station ever!!!
rock on!
call me my oovoo is leiaLunitic!!:)
♀I don't dot every "I" or cross every "T"....I realize that it's not about being perfect.... It's about Being Happy♀ Live♀Love♀Laugh
Holy Moly reading up on Sarah Phillips insanity now. The internet never ceases to amaze me.
#nowlistening - E.T
2 ADDED PERFORMANCES of FIRST DATE! New: Thurs, May 3 & Wed, May 16 :30pm (late show 21+ only, drinks in the theatre night!)
#Black #Friday Apple flips the switch on Black Friday sale Macbook Air Pro see modest discounts
Really funny getting me to call that hotline. Trickery! I knew it had nothing to do with anything! I'm getting you back. Watch out.
Such a nice day, if only I wasn't dying.
cant get dinosaur by kesha out of my head
When does the chat start?
Lo, plus he knows he will have a text from me after the game. He's hands down the best tackler in the game.
My solution to everything is telling people I am going to punch them in the face.
Oh Christmas tweet, oh Christmas tweet… how I can’t wait to send thee.
Thanks a million!
Never gonna grow up, never gonna slow down! -Jake Owen
so it looks like lil 5 it is...this should been interesting.
For a momma who is wonderful- a box of Irish breakfast tea from , a hanging plant &.chocolate! & a visit to !
Chelsea Dagger
Hope everyone had a fantastic day celebrating one of the most special woman in anyone's life, Mom!
Lyndells!? You're such a flirt.
I loved 's performance last night. :) he has grown up so much ! <3
you are so good at that girl! Miss you
yes ! its very good ACTUALLY!!! OH OH CHECK TES DM JE VAIS TO DIRE QUELQUE CHOSE!:)
"This is King Fisher's road. Take the other one."
If you like country the Cactus Blossoms are starting a Monday night residency
so we like the same music. Gnarly!
Late to school again -_-
Get in for some Napa inspiration! Buy 1 Get 1
Nice pic lol I'm loving the smoke hahaha have fun.
so bored.
Know this ... Love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must. ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
stop holding back. let go of your fear of making a mistake. No mistake will ever be greater then the grace given to you! Step OUT!
bahahaha RT : We still have a wireline phone at our home. Nielsen just used it to call and poll us about our Web usage.
Monona. You won't regret it.
so here's my number, call me maybe!!
Welcome Wednesday!
Confirmed. wkhtmltopdf is it.
I know you're too tired to cook! Come on in! We're here till 8:30!
Nothing quite like baseballs zooming around a gymnasium in March.
Hey ... care to share your #FantasyFootball knowledge with us? We'd love to have you hop in the tub!
do we know why Tra Carson is leaving the team yet?
Attending Fish Butchering Demo by Red's Best Seafood
thanks Anne! Always a pleasure working with you!
I take it you were gassing up a time machine?
Looking forward to the presidents address.
good luck bro!!
ok so the biggest problem with that cake, I don't like it lol......now last nights cake that was yummy
Why does everything on the hardware aisle come in bulk? I don't need 300 nails.... I need like 10. Seriously.
hahaha That's Hilarious! I would soo do that :o
I'm on Market St. and the winds blowing like crazy.
Tim Perry was a beast in college
what's the best email to send address? Can't DM.
Shop at & support by purchasing a $5 or $10 bag of food for our Ray of Hope food drive! Ask your cashier for details!
Good morning Twitter!!
Big thanks to for rocking our sweet asses off last night.
Today should be Pastor Maldonado Day throughout Venezuela.
<---- This guy here wouldn't do much for a Klondike Bar, but I'd do some pretty, damn raunchy stuff for a Hot Glazed Krispy Kreme!!!!!
Prediction: at some point, everyone will have tweeted "We shouldn't teach great books; we should teach a love of reading."
First time out it wasn't strong enough. Gotta get back on that pony one of these days. Plenty of other irons for now though.
waits for Pat Robertson to put down the reefer and stop jerking off. So he can tell us whom to blame for this earthquake.
we hope you had a grand time! We know we did!
When I was an evening manager at a grocery store, I would receive a variety of excuses for tardiness or absences. My favorite was one tha...
Can't sleep watching IRONMAN
Woo New Breed is a BAD Man! Roufusport is Elite!
I thought I still couldn't get past eight?
Happy Monday all! Had a great weekend makin Re-Heat and eat Pork Ribs! Half sold before we had them done....
I'm giving more and getting less and am worried about giving out.
Shaking hands? Seriously? You're wasting my time by talking about shaking hands?
and idk do you want her to come?
What was the last "service" you got from Government and could it have been provided to you online?
give her a blanket and turn the game on. Lol. Jk. I bang the shit out of her. :-)
Played Man Hunt with the Guys! XD
haha! uh oh...was this person wearing sweat pants? ;)
"maybe so" lmao
Heading to Chicago for #casesmc on this gorgeous day. Looking forward to meeting our awesome members!
being the Tim Duncan of anything seems like a compliment
Mustache man strikes again, UT going into Overtime vs Ole Miss
Will I accomplish anything today?
Can you spell a pretty girl with two letters?QT (cutey).
Good morning. Welcome to our store on this 4th day of April :)
there's something wrong with you.
Your a** is grass tell me to kiss it I pass in life you make a wish and it fails but I have found my love atlast you crash and burn down
Dubstep is awful
When people talk about super powers, they want to be invisible or want to fly. I wanna be able to fart around girls without the hassle.
#reasonsidontknowwhatloveis "I'm too much of a nerd." ~the wisdom of a lovesick 11-year-old boy I babysat once.
It's been an awesome day.
Did you miss National Almond Day last week? You can enjoy the health benefits all year with these four things almonds can do for you....
Learn some Watermelon Crawl & Simplemente tonight here at Revolver! Free Dance Lessons with Jason starts at 8:15! See you then #Vegas!
RT : We have the best fans! #MoparOrNoCar! Love these #MoparChats!
Happy Valentine's Day! Couldn't resist wearing pink today...
now it's almost 5...we're beyond full retard at this point
Discover Design H.S. competition registration is due in 2 days! Forward to your High School #architecture friends
'University receives Goblin Trust Standard'. I'm really good at reading
A Famous Fashion Model Became a Rock Star - Interview with Dmitry Nechaev in myspace blog!
I feel that right now, actually.
Her kisses left something to be desired -- the rest of her
urine bucket gag discussion//alice coltrane ashram synth soars
Lmao just noticed ur wearing ur sunglasses over the mask.Nice!
“: Its 2011 .. Chicks Want Sex and Men Want Love”
and a dog in a shelter died while they spent time cloning their deceased dog.
Still thinking about question Who is flourishing through your power?
omg george lopezz is the funniest mexican evr myy dad looks just lik him no jok
ayee gimmie a call my parents are not home :) 3048540522 only this one time kk??
Took a pic with
Studying while my family is out watching a movie :(
20 days till boyfriend comes out on iTunes <33 Can't wait
Ooh, creepy! RT : Newt Gingrich is like a Teddy Ruxpin doll reading email forwards from your crazy Tea Party uncle
Wishing everyone a great weekend, and a great Friday Happy Hour!
not yet. Hoping to do one of the NYC locations soon. Good luck w Indigo. Isn't for everyone, but I loved the size, styling & charm.
So much to do! Pretty sick of school
Make exercise just as important as your daily cup of coffee.
just need someone to cry on. :(
Today feels like a home-cooked, Italian meal sorta day. Planning dinner at 9:30 AM feels like the east coast, Bersani family kinda way.
Cotto got cheated at least 2 rounds easily...
Johnson County 8th Grade and Perry County getting set to kickoff in the championship game of the Big Sandy Valley Conference Tournament.
silent killer.
Gr8 job! Now, rest those eyes, sing yourself to sleep, or whatever does not involve using 'sight' for the next 8 hours.
I suppose...decline of western civilization
SEO is not that hard. , every time one of my queries uses the word "lyrics," you should be on top.
is a fake Roc Royal because MB doesn't have their own Twitter,Facebook, etc
Can I get a nutritious lunch for under 400 calories?
I just got up a few minutes ago, and I am up early LOL ... Have to take the kids to the vet
creepy mouse party lol
RT : The announced number of paid tickets was 91,060.
Im throwing strikes again!
need some help tracking down the GA resolution that formed UN Women. can you help? thanks!
After a great NHL day yesterday today is about as uneventful as I've seen in awhile
I have my EOC & I don't have AP classes meaning no more big tests for the year
Half of analysis is anal.
Happy birthday Scott! I love you!
Who remembers the show Unfabulous?
Can't wait to get to and ...let the bachelorette party begin!!
You need to follow
Highly allergic to seafood.
I'm always in the friend zone, I never get past it
heyy twitters how are you ?
I can feel the season change in the air today...
Watts good my gurl
OH: I don't want people to think I like her again. I don't want to marked as the piranha.
Totally. We still meeting up to waste our digital lives this afternoon?
I hate heat fans.
I bet! Are we on your iPod? Maybe we can help you get through the day :)
personally, I think you can handle it.
I feel ya bro.
getting things started
Happy Easter
“: How long has this cigarette been in my hair? #whitegirlproblems”
Heading out tomorrow for the Magnet golf outing at The Oaks. Should be a good time and looking forward to meeting some new people.
It is so hot out. The parents stay for practice?
What a great idea! Nice to support other local businesses...
