Dear German tourist, you asked me for directions, this does not make me liable for your claim that the map has been mislabeled.
I've begun a deep love affair with Google+. So many capabilities, poor Mark Zuckerberg!
That's my new location after running into my ex and his new girlfriend on the sidewalk, ps.
hey Mr. Robinson, I tried hitting you up on SBR.
Put on your snow suit and stop on out to Linneman's tonight to see a bunch of our friend's play some good ole rock and roll.
it's like we never even knew each other. & yeah, he does talk to this other girl now, but I just try to ignore it because I know
is checking out the new (and improved) Basecamp
Real drunk...
Nice weather for an earthquake. Looking forward to the hurricane this weekend.
Hey #topchef this is Top Chef. Not project runway...
“If you think kids can’t change the world you haven’t visited kidsareheroes.org.”
- can you imagine Steve jobs worrying about defining his personal brand?
You too, Dave! When are you back in SoCal?
We will be looking for Live Music in the next coming months. Checking you out and emailing :-)
It's so real between us
Want a #swinger special vacation 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
I'm not in knoxville. sorry! Did you get the book yet?
This is the kind of weather that lets you know YOU'RE ALIVE!!!! .....and may soon be dead....
Happy New Year from everyone at EE Times!
Hey, buddy, give me an "Adam Ward is hard at work on Thursday afternoon" pic. Let's see it.
I'm going to bed.. screw this paper. 4 pages, I'm done.
alright sounds good
Pitchers and catchers report Feb. 20th. Go #Mets!
All im thinkin is Nerlens Noel, no homo!! jus imagine what impact he would make. n thats flattop is nice. his game is even nicer!!
I really need to just make my own golabki...it's not that hard. But it's better if a babcia does it.
We'll start with the Committee Choice Award - Congrats to
This crew hates the #Cuntbag that was in last night to Lmfao surprise surprise
I've answered two questions so far. The answers were Mont Blanc and Hope and Glory.
Everyone else is waking up... I am about to fall into slumber
Alas, can't accept car type requests yet, I'm sorry! :(
I will email you some food for thought!
Steve Blake is sorry
Woke up at 4am to leave my brother at the airport(y) then school. I need some coffee right about now-_-
Schools out for the summer bitches!
when i die, i want my family to play "Automatic" by at my funeral <3 😢😘
This reminds me of that time when a certain firefighter union boss said CPR had no chance of qualifying.
Let's go Brewers!
lol I turned in on while I'm in the shower so I can sing.
wife has teacher friend in Brighton. Also thinking you might check w/ mark at echo grove. He might know someone on lakeville lake
Zimmerman will finally have criminal charges against him. About time. #TrayvonMartin was just a kid starting to live.
Ha. U, skipping thru the puddles, wet, wearing a white t-shirt & no bra. A guy can dream, can't he? :P
probably won't have time. Have a ton of work waiting 4 me.
Innovation must be part of the organizations DNA. It can't be intermittent
Even if they were flying in, Hill still hasn't given any evidence that that would be a problem! Ugh.
Woh! How cool is that 360 panorama of Manhattan? Love!
and im talkin 2 u on the chat
buggin out to these edits on SoundCloud..need to find these files or, preferably, on vinyl..always loved his mixes too
My Timeline stays live only because I follow !!!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 4
hey who's the white dude?
Autumn Hill Creative presents "How to Market Your Small Business" at the Clintonville Chamber on 9/22. Call 715-823-4606 to register.
She has 2,000 friends on facebook, and I'm not even one of them!
Lol I hope mot
Throw "trash can" and "stranger's shirt pocket" in there and the urinal is actually the fifth best option.
#TurnToYou is very heartwarming and emotional...i truly love it...that i'm crying :')
Of course, email us your question and we would be happy to help.
If she don't reach over and lift that button she's a selfish broad and cant be trusted
oh u look ridiculous wheres your suit?
How do you expect someone to pull themselves up by their bootstraps if they have no boots?
Q: What's the earliest you have/would go shopping on Black Friday?
Letting go not accepting anymore calls/text bc I fall back in everytime
You know you wanna follow me ;D
I didn't get into UF :( It's really disappointing because I really wanted to get in. But I won't give up, I'll be trying again in two years.
Short Shorts & A Tank Top Weather (:
I'll equate it to politics. Obama doesn't deserve all the blame, but he also doesn't deserve all the credit.
same ole jus been laid back
The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting. ~Gloria Leonard
Thanks, Dave!
i think a lot of UFO nuts are headed to pheniox because of it i know i used to be one than i had to face facts their are no such thing.
"A friend recommended that I take my car to Car Crafters. She said they would repair the car quickly, there wouldn’t be any surprises"
Lake Wobegon Effect - where all the kids are above average
Fleetwood Mac. Just right.
Might go out bored :/
I love it, thanks to those who follow me, I hope someday I can follow my twitter :)
when we going to the one in plymouth meeting that is like the uber of whole foods for PA.
Lord and Taylor lady gets on my nervous.... No the driver will not take you to Lord and Taylor now shut your mouth.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. David Frost
plz follow me! I <3 you :)
.: A true man of letters in the blogosphere.
81% of Jews agree! RT "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
" All those fairytales are full of shit, One more stupid love song I'll be sick."
Canoeing: Florence grabs Olympic spot
I know me too lol text meRT : nothing bored
They're all wonderful players to watch and enjoy their magnificent skils.
Lunch @ steak n shake in Paducah.
LY - Just about finished with editing with the Winter Newsletter. Sent it over to JD.
Oh, this is how you do it (checking out the Bishop Brownie retweet for reference)--
God Night...i had long day today & gotta do it all over tomorrow & Thursday
Why is the market acting like it cant download more than one app at a time
Oh one last thing... Are going to #teenhoot this summer? #hopeful 😊
shoes fit in those boxes??
Additional FAQ for #apufringe application: How long should the production be? Productions should be 45-60 minutes.
Phillies have been the best team in baseball all season.
favorited all the pictures of me and Lmfaooo
Note to self: don't stay out til dang near 3 in the morning after you've already been to work, and you have to be at work at 1.
Welcome to my house party..... Bercarde......lol
It was VERY sad :( he skid then stopped on his FACE!!!! First injury and he survived lol
Thanks for your presentation at GBS! You and Rick were great! Your story was very powerful for me. My Soul Purpose is clear!
- I have lots of memories from that BB/FB/ML show. One of them was seeing an ex girlfriend & laughing when she flipped me off
really oh wow
I was raped by a woman. I don't find it ironic at all. The number of male perps doesn't turn my experience into anything less
Jealous!! Looks like a beautiful day.
Almost back to being a blonde! 😁
passed the emissions test!
Good morning/Good night texts >>
Meeting with the Conrad Hotel today. Exciting!
#FollowFriday Because the arts need your help to survive!
“: Tomorrow is #teamfitnessthursday so I hope celebrates with me!” you already kno bro
Music provides the subtitles to my life.
RT : Unfortunately a lot of companies see social media strictly as a marketing tool. - of
ahahahahahaha I will slap you silly hoe 🔫💣
#I #HATE #burning #my #hair #fuckfuckfuck CieraMariexoxo
Working with a company on a new nutrition bar....as if the world needs another nutrition bar or drink....but that is what I get paid to do.
Another thrilling game for the Jays, what a tip in! Bring on OT! #rolljays (btw could these refs have called anymore fouls on both teams?)
National Peanut Butter & Jelly Day love for
you have cold feet
That's pretty sweet Fake Uggla.
- kelly want to call associated press radio for interview from New Orleans?? . thanks
Great meetings today with and ... Looking forward to working together!
RT : Grand Opening - Saturday Night - May 8th - The Sultan Hookah Lounge & Smoke Shop in St. Johns at 8221 N. Lombard call...
:45 of strength training last night, 28 miles on the #bike today... Great week of #training so far!
TY new Dad!"Hi...oh, Thumball, my kid has one, plays with it every day, literally every day, he's a big ball guy, loves his Thumball"
cant help but luv u
The biggest myth is that only overweight or obese people get OSA
l don't now hi
Now I Am Scarred Of D
every time i like a guy the hardly ever like me back yet adults r always saying ur pretty. wat the hell?
please follow me! (:
THANKS for clarifying who CHARLIE is! I've been wondering about that!
I'm officially hooked on fresh squeezed lemonade...at the moment I won't drink anything else. Hand squeezed ONLY
Start picking out your outfit! Saturdays starts in a few hours will all your favorite DJ's bringing the beats. Doors at 9pm!
aw that sounds like a personal problem lol
“ Even if I spend the whole day with you, I miss you the second you leave...!”
meant kakes not Davis
SNGX might go here...
Instagram: the Guitar Hero of creative photography?
So 'Stand By Me' decided to play on my pandora channel. Cannot code to that!
Thank you for the RT & welcome. Enjoy! RT : welcome to #frifotos!
I'll never forget the way everyone in his band looked at him during and immediately after "I shall be released" at floyd fest.
A procession for a new Sefer Torah [Scroll] is filling the area of the Chords Bridge (entrance to the Capital) with happy music!
Ha! Totally agree. Making reservations was a freaking mission!
i know its late but i was busy LOVE YOU HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I'm doing homework! :p
I'm down :-) Maybe i'll just stay and not come back
Thanks for your support!!
D'awww thanks<3 *blush* :') BUT YOU GUYS ARE ALL SO FRIGGIN BEAUTIFUL!!!
My circle of success: We roll deeper than Chilean miners.
Haven't tweeted in so long. BACK, I'm BACK.
After watching Lion King on repeat at work, I've decided I would be okay with James Earl Jones narrating my life.
Thanks to R&R Art Galleries for sponsoring our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause!
Good Morning World!! Currently at 11:28am in Atlanta, GA it is 78 degrees. High: 88* Low: 66*
Day 4 in Portland. I feel the urge to buy a bike and get a tattoo.
Throwbacks game planning.
Apparently only ugly people read.
Thanks for joining us, ! cc:
: Thanks for spreading the word about the SHARE CFP!
Hm... iron, straightener AND hot glue gun all left on for the four hours I was at work. Tenant. Of. The. Year.
Boy Freshman's in John Hope just rocked it.
High Pick & Roll defense. I've seen this before. Smh
that they do
Sweet! RT : We should (hopefully) have our tracks by the end of this month. Can't wait to finally show everyone.
man fuck u
I always been dere..n I always will..ACVT721 removed da fog from my path..my future wit u..always gonna last..it wouldn't feel right to ...
rereading the concept of America in Deleuze's thoughts on Bartleby through the diasporic use of sound
We've written extensively on surviving the downturn...is your company feeling the recovery?
u got a son thts Whts up:) me I'm in school getting my BA in hospitality management living my life
no problem. I knew keeping the key in there would come in handy some day..
headed to the KEG!
I wonder what the passport for internet citizens looks like. I'm guessing the seal has nyan-cat on it.
Hey these fish scales aren't matching. Wack!!!
Once you hate someone, everything they do is offensive. "Look at her, eating those fucking crackers like she owns the place!"
My number 1 regret was moving to Poca i wish i could go back and change that decision
No I mean like actual hand. Wrist is acceptable. Dinner & Drinks: YES please.
#WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community! Great to connect
I believe lebron will win 14 MVP but 0 championships damn that sucks
LSU tonight might be the worst offense of any BCS game ever
YES!!! Goooaaaaalllll USA!!!!
Derek Bieber ;D
I need an assistant
So I'm guessing she's never going to follow back then?
Looks like we're playing WKU!
And again, the studio reminds me...the best takes come when you're not over-thinking it.
How about an impression of his statue?
Come on Mavericks let's get this
Better dead than fucked up, which is the usual case for me. I need a break.
Looking for #Royals bloggers for new sister site. Send a message to if you're interested!
I still want to know
#Favorite90sSong Nirvana: Smells Like Teen Spirit :D
Happy #MayDay! Have you ever tried edible flowers to decorate a dish? You can buy edible flowers at grocery store chains (safeway). Fancy!
thank u.. yeah .. followed <3
My two best guy friends called me fat, big-hipped and a liar today. I don't understand.
awesome I will be at the castro from 10-4 this friday! can wait to meet
I'm still trying to figure out tweetdeck and determining whether I like it or not. Is anyone else using a twitter app they like?
Glad to see you back on Twitter! Hope u and Rowie are well. :)
Rob Carrick's Reader: Money can't buy happiness? Wrong - Globe and Mail
#IfOnly you was here
Meeting and photographing glee cast! Yall know who ;)
My thoughts and prayers are with you through this difficult time.
Ah my dog is hyper! He scares me sometimes lol
Working on a Sunday, no days off!!!!!!!!
Do we really live like our hearts have changed?
Which childhood movies that you loved do you still love as an adult? Mine are The Last Unicorn, Little Mermaid, & Disney's Robin Hood.
It feels hella good to be back where I want to be.
I love fashion and hip hop too. You should be my stylist hah
you thought I was mad ? Lol
I decided I was going to stop being forgetful, but I can't remember why.
The two men on either side of me at the bar are reading books. I was unaware people actually did this at bars.
If you're ever in Ann Arbor and walk by Chinese restaurant Middle Kingdom, do me a favor and kindly give it your Middle Finger
I'm going to try to fall bck asleep b4 my dang alarm goes off
macbook, that is
It's Artist Raffle Time! Our charity of choice for OPENING DAY, SATURDAY, MAY 12th is: THE LEUKEMIA & LYMPHOMA SOCIETY'S TEAM IN TRAINING
Something burning
Gonna miss Hines ward
Ah my birthdays tomorrow!!! x3
“: He smiles then looks away, I wonder if maybe that smile meant something he couldn't say.”
Was listening to It Will Rain by Bruno Mars and thinking how much more I like 's version :)
yes, but everyday is International Dark chocolate day for me :)
Google "Black female" under the Images link & nothing but Black puppies will pop up..Thats fuxd up. Rappers AND Google calls us BITCHES!.
Drug addiction is one of those Amer chimaeras that no one wants to discuss. Drugs (cocaine/tobacco/alcohol) are part of U.S. violent hist.
A2. These "student-athletes" are leaving before the end of the semester...more like three-quarters-and-done.
I've missed you Twitter.
oh wait. Is this white fang we are talking about??
You should hit up the midwest :)
#WhenIWasLittle i remember playin yonoid a video game for the old nintendo system with the family way before the whole family broken embrace
Jus tryn to hurry nd do what I gotta do!
You still have three days to apply for a STAR Award. www.astdrmc.org
Drinks after? lol
need to schedule a meeting to discuss why we're spending all our time in meetings
thanks boo
Aw thank you. I love you guys, too ♥
Just finished our first Mardi Gras service. Thanks for coming in & enjoying some crawfish boil & lobster etoufee!
Honestly, there were as many laughs as there were in Airplane!
Director of Compliance to be responsible for providing comprehensive regulatory compliance services to the financial services industry. Dut…
Even tho it's cold season, we got tons of Tank Tops, Board Shorts and Sandals thanks to RVCA!!!!!!
That's my nigga though
and me waiting on u to get to MAI it ain't raining nomore bring yo azz on!
thank you for the follow back!
just chillin man right now, would be lovely if I can get that $640 million !!
Justin(her husband) is being deployed I think this weekend..
I don't understand what you think an unsigned editorial is other than... the paper's view.
yo momma so ugly she went to a haunted house and came out with a job application.....
did he demonstrate he improved with practice?
Follow We FollowB
uh Oh dats a big choice my man
exactly what i did 10th grade :)
Something very wrong with #HermanCain & a world where he is still a #PresidentialCandidate tho the media won't say it. Scary
GO BLUE
Jude the Poor Communicator
:( at least we had Dallas but I so wanna got the tour!
ahhaha awesome! :)and listening to my other bf's musiic. <justin bieber> hahah . do u like justin bieber!? (:
Happy birthday to the man who started it all!!!!!!!!!
R.I.P. Whitney Houston
Got it?
Soccer orgy for this weekend has been cancelled. So bummed! Now I will have to work.
Olivia and I can scratch ATLANTIS off of our bucket list. :) Our family vacation has been booked!
Show us your costume! Post a picture of your awesome Halloween attire on our wall!
So glad to hear it! Thanks for sharing. Is it okay to share this with our consult staff? Hope all is well.
"If I was ur toyfriend…" hahahahahaha!! I laughed so hard at this vid I bet that old guy is a belieber!! Haha
damn dogs always causing drama. Next time just get him an orange collar ;-)
Any business that want to get advertised for a great price in Miss Maryland program contact me at please help, thanks!
come visit me, Cori, and Clea later. :)
there are times I really don't know what to do with myself...
9 killed in Cairo clashes outside Defense Ministry - Newsday
we're writing new musique and will be featured in a documentary about okc bands this next week...
you know good music!
You lucky bastard!!! Go Giants!! RT INDY!!!!!!
Got bad bitches, they ratchet
Where will you be Saturday?
Being crazy and looking for specific ~people~ in LA traffic. >_>
Agree with you 100%. Rose had no business being on the floor.
great to see happy fighting for peace! let's keep on!
River Valley results excite mining company
That's what she said. RT It's a hand crank though.
if you like Justin bieber you should check out ! definitely a cutie!;) and he's a sweetheart too!:)<3
I'm really a nice person
ever get turned on from juss reading something sexual
That feelings when u wanna rewind time to that special part.
All American Rejects show
I love it, but having to explain satire to dreary literalist dolts is a joyless task
fix your fantasy lineup!
Giving blacked out speeches eh? Sounds like
Dreamt my cousin last night...had a conversation with him, he was smiling and laughing telling me "I'm fine, I'm fine...don't worry!"
maybe you should? :D
THEN it comes down to who runs for Assemblyman Hanna's current seat & that is yet to be determined.
Austin drivers never fail to impress.
does software AG not let you do that? Do you think companies should give each employee $ to invest in tools the deem approriate
#onlyinwa is it against the law to hold your cell phones to your ear while you drive, but you can find police officers doing it
btw forgot to mention that I <3 the captions!!! :)
that makes me smile, you truly are a great person and love to watch you race. Thank u thank u thank u
congrats on an awesome win.
Second best night on TV... #tosh.0 get with it, foo
Watch Out For Thaa Snakes , A Niqqa I Was Cool Wit Found Out He Was A Fakee .
how'd u get past security? betw u and cheryl and mlydy, there's a fiesta in the making!
im on spring breaaaakk.(;
I hate it when color commentators try to make the game more about themselves than the players.
thx v much. which story did you get from me? Couldn't find it. Thx
I cant be you, i cant be him, im only what you see/The only Changes i can make is to be a better me.
tomorrow is our one year anniversary
follow.me on Twitter , God bless! (:
Ahaha "Do you like laundry detergent ??" "Actually, I-" "Hey. You don't have to raise ya voice."
thanks for coming to my Social Media Marketing presentation last night. Hope you got some great take-aways.
Learning how to edit today. I'm long overdue.
have to stay the cultural maven I am. Related, I'm about roughly 16 coffees deep
thank you :) I'll hyu Saturday and ask who you have it to so I can find them in school lol. But how you been ?
Irony - Warren Jeffs representing himself AND missing the deadlines for his appeals.
email me ur info to so we can get this ball rolling!
Thankful for the internet! How amazing this year has been!
I gotta keep it G && tell ya I love you cause i'm for REAL. We've been doin this shit for years!
If this guy approaches me, I'm going tap into my RiRi side. Who knows where that might get me.
what happen last night?
Second geek meeting this week. Tonight it's Hadoop and cloud computing.
who said J Edgar Hoover was dead
Cute dog (and girls too!) I have a golden (and 2 teenage sons).
Now why would I be lying!? lol
Yea. Probably not gonna tweet for a while. So say your last stuffs now.
Love the 'Drunk On You' video w/ #WKU footage. Great story!
#rt for a shout out
Don't miss GUESTLIST!! You can make it!!! We know you can!! :D
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 7
Would love to hear from any locals in the greater Seattle area where would they most like to see our intergenerational community??
Great presentation by Anne L. Curley at SMPS Indiana yesterday on client-centric branding. Thanks Anne!
I wish that one AMAZINGLY hot, insanely nice guy would come around......
Sweet! Bon Iver wins best new artist - well deserved! nice shout out to Wisco
Tonight is the final opening for the spring season! MFA exhibition Mixed Feelings opens tonight at 6 pm! Come drink, eat and be merry!
Perfect award for twitter! The only science writing award that celebrates writing short!
Hailey Anne's resting now after eating Amerigo's. Thanks Boday and Papa.
Yes Sir!
It's Friday -
Saw the new Mission: Impossible last night with & I'm still not sure who was more gorgeous - Paula Patton or
So much for a peaceful butter burger. Party with 20 kids just invaded Culver's!
Can't sleep? Xanax!
Team full of top notch A1 females avaiable for Private Parties, Events, Club Promotions, Videos, Birthday Parties.Hit Us Up for BOOKING.
While you make the choices; God makes the changes.
Thanks for the shout out, David.
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show! :{) So proud of you ♥ u are amazing! wish i could meet u someday,
Good night everybody :)
#dontdoublemyrates Keep student loan rates low
Uh fuck it I don't wanna go to court
Thought I would share a few photos with you all tonight! Have a wonderful evening!
"Think big, start small, move fast". Not sure who started this quote.
If you spend your life regretting things in the past, before you know it you will have wasted your life on regret.
#BigEast. getting ready for some greats games starting this Tuesday.
Chief Wray says last year (2011) violent crime was down in the city.
Looking for a Project Manager to oversee a records management contract for a federal agency in San Francisco! Email me at katie.cyboron…
Who's betting the derby today? Picks?
look for peepcode play by play videos
that's pretty awesome! Maybe I can get to follow you and !
OH MY GOD!!
“: I'm telling you, you and I are going to be the only two people out there.” In #SouthDetroit its always sold out
On the air today I'll spin another good guitar band &
Interviews this morning with and then Wood & Steel!
feel better after be sick for 4 days
Knowing when 2 let things go is so important why dwell on something that won't happen just make sure that what u do makes u happy
When first I saw you, I fell in love. You smiled because you knew - Hamlet
Is no one using the #innotechbeta hash tag for , for some reason I'm not getting any search results. Just me?
my life is just one big sigh
I want Some like that Bunnie Clide Love. Dat adrenaline love Rush, Type shyt #Passion #SpicyLove// and just see the world.
#dvrtweets RT“: talk about gettin' what you deserve. hopefully that is just the beginning of your pain colton-you piece of garbage
Wish I could "like" tweets
wants to thank whomever knocked the front license plate off my car and left it on the hood. classy.
or maybe just a pint that might be easier. no equipment to carry
Last class of my MBA career this Thursday. Professor told us the topic would be "ethics in finance." I'm already confused.
um no this isn't Jessica its Jesse Jessica quick use your man voice "hi dylan" (high pitchd voice) jesicca I said man voice
has too much lead on her foot.
This drunk guy behind us lol
so any #Divas -online-
what does rick mean when he said that they were all infected?are they eventually going to turn without getting bit?
I'm leaving! DM me your number so we can text!!! Love you!
I know we've put so much of our time and energy into it. And lots of heart. Love this project and Tess Cooper more than anyone will know.
alot of trade rumors with your name in it!!!! No!
Ah ok, I was going to say that would be weird since he took my sis to Homecoming once, hehe. Have a good night!
Lol. Can only hope the couple did continue IRL. Full support. Too adorable. Yes, jelly of her too.
follow me my new twitter :-) miss u!!!
aww thanks! It's all you! RT: wowzer received my artstar art in the post looks amazing instagr.am/p/NO7ro/
SharePoint 2010 is much easier to use than previous versions.
Is any sports fan in New York City NOT excited by Jeremy Lin? I haven't followed the Knicks for years, but am now.
no...no...no! Just by chance.
RT : Twitter Ticket Tuesday, ReTweet for a chance to win 2 free DIF tickets. Ends at 4pm today.
Yeah. :) It's awesome practice. I'm shy, so it helped get me out of my shell a little.
Ah yes, urticant, A substance that causes itching or stinging.
Former IMF Economist on JOBS Act: a “Colossal Mistake” via
There is available space next to Vino 100. I'm thinking we call it qualey or Einpet?!?
The new OSU Libraries Director, Carol Diedrichs started today! Let's welcome her back to OSU!
hehehe gave me quite a laugh! ;) life on murs making me so excited to see you in april next year! olly <3
Keep your neighborhood businesses in mind when you're making your holiday shopping lists!
Is mentally preparing for open water swimming by watching a marathon of River Monsters #Animal Planet.
Garden State is on! looking out for the scene featuring my celeb friend
no problem! I called and confirmed, I guess we shoulda thought of that before we planned this! haha
Master Plan Meeting Fairmount & Westside: Martin Luther King School 108 S.9th Street, Newark, NJ May 17(Thursday), Join us
Hope to again
Can't wait.
looks like we got canned...no longer on the dc list.
Wow what a great looking crowd!! Club 212 :) always anazing
I can't get married, I'm a thirty year old boy.
Roots Cellar is closed tonight (8/17) for a private party
Support Stephen S Wise Holiday Boutique! Oct. 23rd 10-5pm. Adult and kid's clothes jewelry handbags & more. Proceeds benefit SSWT schools!
And the winner is... ! You've won 2 tickets to tomorrow night's Rascal Flatts concert at Cricket -- thanks for following us!
#DIETribes Darn! Once again I can't make it. Somebody has to hold down the fort. I guess will just owe me.
Oh, boy. Did I have a good chuckle over that one. A perfect illustration of my beef with Klout.
I randomly follow people talking about #hashtags I'm into. We probably both like #MassEffect3, long walks on the beach, etc
over Europe.. Weird to think about.
thanks for the RT :)
Sky Mall Kitties, on the other hand, are the BEST.
That really sucks when that happens Wish people could feel the worried vibe!
and Heather Schaefer made it to Colorado Springs, CO last night!! On to Alburquerque, NM before we stroll into AZ.
sowwwy <3 ill send u pictures of my grandma in nike flip flops and nike socks :)
in our Goldilocks of a night, the burden of proof is on you.
Finna Call And Put Ha Up On The Scoop!
Get your UT game party food from The Goat. We have great food at great prices!
hey Heda Rose and I came to make noise and we r!nothing beats GOD's favor!!
Very happy Ryan Braun was found innocent. 50 games without him would have been awful.
To be fair, unclear at this point whether Birdman was involved so I'll withhold judgement but if he is...
aha k thanks baby girl;) come round like er 2ish?
ahh they are so cute girl!!
let's work on making this a reality
Fantasizing about being in Lawrence, KS right now. Hopefully I'll end up there tomrrow night. Chances are I will.
Yep, bigger issues...
Who's still up? What a show. I took a bunch of photos and vids I'll post them later.
I love all of my followers, thank you!
of course! Looks like a great exhibit.
Sunday at the Met is a program series that gives people a way "in" to those exhibits and start educator/curator dialogue. - Loh
hi, there, I need help. How can I just pull out data from only those completed surveys? set up a filter? how? Thanks!
My kids have discovered the Brady Bunch. The one about Bobby and Jesse James is in now.
Everything has its beauty but not everyone sees it.
Why is catching spiders for ?! Evil >_<
Creative genius for collabo w Warrior photog for creating a new art classic! 10-21-11
I'm just next door :D
some things Trent Dildo has said in the past makes me think he is smokin somethin besides blunt (see Pookie in NewJackCity)
I miss you! Put THAT on your to-do list: "Remember to miss my SDSU family."
Balancing the sway between production details and the big idea; kind of like yoga.
#girlbyenotwiththem nails that's crying for a fill-in
Field trip tuesday, left school early yesterday, no school for me today, & field trip tomorrow, wished every week was like this one!
listening to music off my itunes
first iteration: used coldfusion to append a URL prefix before the actual URL to log stats and redirect user
The Bartenders at The Place bury the NJ Devils in booze the last 2 nights and it pays off in a BIG Bruins 4-1 win...
you really should. The kids in that show are endless sinks of quotes and joy.
that also happens on Facebook lol
I come alive n da night time
After further review, Paul Pierce is still my most hated player in the NBA.
Carlos Contreras aka rackin' up a big bravo for creative work in the community tonight
Choose To Be Thankful! http:/bit.ly/uG1555 excellent advice by
I love Austin and Alex <3 RT if you do too:)
Join , record a video on your cell phone one part of your weekly routine! bit.ly/u6RHyv Help us define who #DC is!
Oh yes...quite fond of the chasing scene.
no! Too scary lol
tht's what I mean.
Spread the word, friends! I'm still looking for rock musician/actors for my upcoming first production of ROCK BOTTOM in DC.
I sometimes wonder, does anyone read NeuroQuantology and take it seriously? When will NQ and Neuron or Neuroscience overlap, if ever?
Watch out for Gap's credit card, they lie, cheat, and steal more than liars, cheaters, and stealers
Over guys
If Boehner doesn't start clapping in support of education, I saw we just deport HIM
Me neither. I'm counting the days before I can go again. It's like a drug.
follow me
I hate being stuck in an office on such a beautiful day like today
Party at The Belmont! Dj RSM spinning your favorite tracks!
Rupp welcome is awesome. These UK players are GODS!
- thanks for the follow!
how bad was Heidi touched to become a crazy dog lady
If anyone would like to read first three pages of unedited Last Night Express issue1 let us know would love feed back on early project stage
happy birthday mate! you dont look a day over 20
"Teachers matter." -President Obama
It's part of the #Swag (;
Heard actors praise you yesterday :)
The past 2 nights #Song1 has been my last stop before turning in. Having some Doug Aitken withdraw tonight.
RT : #becauseofobama, Solyndra's a household name, and Brian Terry should be.
i hate all of my pics haha
We should all go on a weekend getaway!!
Math is boring ..
Had moment@ pdx/altrntive/schl/opn/house-They hv singing sewing& circus. Man nearby laughs&says-I gave up clowning years ago!
Ok, enough of my venting. Now for something we can all enjoy...tomorrow = hump day! :-D
We would have written your teacher a kind letter explaining a late paper.
To keep the content fresh on your blog, invite others to write guest posts.
Too funny! RT : Thinking back to 2000 NFL Draft when Mike was draft eligible...we're laughing how we didn't own cell phones then
they lost????
If you don't find hispanic boys attractive then GTFO my page haha.
I'm pretty sure I am not :( But while we wait, we can play SoulCalibur V :)
Enjoying the beautiful crisp light before today's wedding at The It's an amazing day in #NYC!
..likes to keep a low and simple profile, but I have to ask..why are you ran so relentlessly? Is it your own personal work habit or
Nice to meet you this weekend. Lots of luck on your book!
Here's to the Mexican holiday that, for some reason, Americans feel the need to celebrate. Cheers!
got a bug in there while I was ridin 4 wheelers
Ah.. Good topic HT/RT : I'm one who wanted to do 'metaphors' tonight. Thanks for indulging me... Have a good week!
what's yours is mine and what's mine is yours, remember ❤😜
Compatible printer cartridges, inkjet, ink cartridges, printer inks for Canon, Brother, HP &amp;amp; Epson
I'm so excited for summer annddd I CAN'T WAIT TO GET THAT STUFF. Hopefully my mom will order it for me Sunday (my sweet 16) :D
Sam Adams<3
Where did she go? Pops? Aristons?RT : RT : Woman from Suburban Chicago Dies After Hot Beef Fat Injection
huh. I'll have to see if they have it on Netflix after I finish season 7
Your other bro Kidd is on line 1 RT : Just talked to my big bro praying that he makes a full and speedy recovery!
And the award for Most Creative Headline goes to AOL.COM! "Anthony Weiner: 'I Am Resigning' "
i already have my jersey tshirt on...
welcome my pretty!
I was 2 secs away from a response. Glad you figured it out.
Hey, Sean, are you getting paid by these news agencies for your quarantine pics?! Double down!
At the dermatologist,what a joy...
Hah! Your name came up as someone I might want to follow. Of course I will. See you tomorrow night.
here is our email address.
that is highly unlikely :) Disneyland is the happiest place on earth 😃
thanks for stealing my thunder on the mountain passes! Just kidding!
Sabermetrics work. It's about time the Astros got on board. This is the missing piece.
My phone would have been exhausted tonite if I were able to take pics. Great game #sportingkc I'm officially a huge fan!!
The pretzel vendor was surrounded by bitterness.
How long is a girl a child? She is a child, and then one morning you wake up she's a woman.
I doubt it would save the tax payer anything. They'd just raise prices
Deliver information at the "lesson level" the primary level of interest to the student
Please disregard all IU Alumni tweets for now. I'm attempting to track down where they are coming from.
my money's on Kim and Khloe take K Street
Yes, Thank you Ryan!
What have you been up to?
Whos girl n r corp video about #virtual #staging? Kari Hawker, actress/director c her on Lifetime movie Christmas Angel Wed eve @ 8pm!
At the end of the day, I'm against linking our system of social benefits to the institution of marriage.
Most of the ones I know are library and records related but try Trak, LAC Group, InfoCurrent, AIM USA. Had good luck with Trak
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. – Napoleon Hill
Today the only place in the city to get our amazing gyros is at Direct Supply, so come down and grab one of our $4 treats for lunch today!!
Shaking those martinis is a real upper body work-out for those servers.
What's that lumina song?
there are no bathrooms where I am...side of the road will have to do, haha.
yep with my mom. that'll work XD. the day we get out of school imma get my purple streaks.
Yeah, am getting into them some. Been listening to Riot! for a while now. About to try the current album.
Great advice from during #wcmf11 class: "You have to Google your own education."
My will is not mine until God makes it His!!!!
Good questions and honest thinking is worth it every time.
Madea's Big Happy Family! This movie is the shit:D
Um... of course?
For Yankees info, follow
I'm so lost and confused right now... Needing some help..
“: Smile and breathe”I am lol that's all u can do , " just breath "
huge annual event. In Irving this year. Tons of people, food, beer, vendors. Perfect marraige for you two.
we need to discuss partnership soon!
lame. Thursday! Or Friday. Or Saturday
I've done that too came to a dead stop on the highway, thinking what am I doing again?? Hhaa
I wish you Wisdom to choose priorities for those things that really matter in life.
It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed. -Harvey S. Firestone
Congrats, Jake. RT : getting his ass kicked by a teen hockey goon in Best Amer. Sports Writing deadspin.com/5833310
Tulowitzki leads off the 5th with a single to right center.
“: your bout to lose your bff card smh” YEAH OKAY! 😒
100,000? Un ego. :) I have 29 & have to rely on to retweet anything that's important to me!
Nice drive
RT : What was Westbrook doing though? He left Blake wide open! <- Russ West knew Blake wasn't clutch, wouldn't risk a 3-shot foul
Yay!!! finally class for me....whoa
Biron...it was what (Orpik’s) done all his career & he’s going to continue to do that unless somebody just gets him either w/ a suspension..
Just picked up #Superbowl groceries. Yes, there will be chips and/or dip.
oye hit me with your cell through a mesage
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I don't want ya money
Facebook, Twitter Launch Mideast Revolution, for more info visit www.tncnews.com click on Video News
Awesome. Thanks for tweeting it.
Congrats for winning heat 1!!
Thx for the RT! We're now at 157 followers and counting! =)
who was that?! So sad.., sending love.
Correction to my last tweet, apparently it's not opening night of The City Club. But all the actors were very talented, fun to see.
riiightt, I would of told her to stfu. Dead ass. She think people are listening and shit. -.-"
Life is too dear, do not ruin it.
Never in my life I've seen a well coach team discipline enough to shift 4 time to 4 diff formation
Haven't yet seen it but everyone...and I mean everyone I talk to who has seen it loved it. Go see it and let me know.
It's Friday. That's the reason.
Anyone want to create a movement to push school boards to adopt the standards Jamie Oliver has developed?
RT : Going to the hometown to check out the See you there ppl
Did you really? I'm sorry but I missed it!! Oh well I tried :)
Plus Greece;)
Listening to an acoustic guitar cover of Ace of Base's The Sign. Pandora, you are swell.
That's all I really wanna do, is fall in love with you.
Broken headphones need new ones!
i think that's all i have in me about yarn for now, since the installation will be a work in progress throughout ArtWalk weekend....
Convoluting the Matrix, brb
The US OPEN Racquetball Championships held Oct. 5-9 at Life Time Fitness Target Center. Be great to get local coverage. :-)
what was the biggest amount the brewers have ever lost by? (Ex: 16 to 1)
you gotta be a junior to go to prom i think lol.
New novels by mystery writers Donna Leon and Val McDermid have strong social injustice undertone
thanks!! I wanna meet you too!! :D
Thinking about practicing my bow and arrow skills tonight in anticipation for the #hungergames!
& need to just team up on me, any other way I'm crushing all competition
Lmao(: RT : Oh called you a bitch RT : thanks for not taking ur drink in my car lol!(:
#IGNITIONWest peeps: check out our Juice Bar today, complete with charging station to "juice" up your phones :)
"I wish I could forget every fucking thing about you." - (Sam Merlotte) True Blood <3
Lovely meeting you too! :) RT : Hi it was nice meeting u at the #guambeautypopup event !
Ha! Well I'm not CEO (yet) but things are good! I'm having fun.
First Thursday at Blitz in the pearl is going to be awesome. great art, Exit skate demo, good food & lots of beer. Come check out our booth!
even w a decade news media exp I had not given it much thought. thx for pointing out the difference
#FF to some of our newest followers! Thanks for your support!
thx. silly, mostly. but fun.
The captain had only topick his men
a lovely run of good luck (clear roads, fast parking shuttle, easy BWI security)...and i actually caught my flight. next stop: nashville!
;) surprisingly, mines clean!
I don't feel good x(
Ha! I love it
Have a Safe & Happy Thanksgiving!
Sipping some sinus sleepy time tea. Snuggling w the kitty whose probably making me sick.
The rumors are true! I will be guest tweeting for on Tuesday. I have 1.75 hours to find out what this means...
ik u wudnt do tht to me lol. n wow i started cryin too when i seen paul cryin
what do you promote?
okay bye </3
Sorry about that last tweet I actually love Kells.....hahaha
TOMORROW we'll be at BONESHAKERS for the LAUNCH Party! We'll be video streaming LIVE as usual! Mark your calendars! :)
Deshawn Stevenson has that million dollar move with the ten cent shot
I have just promised Angie that if we don't take her to get a new phone today, I will commit Seppuku.
Can't wait to spend some QT with my love this weekend!
Number 4 color blue :)
Just one email. Hm.
Fondon issues a pair of walks in the 2nd and a sac moves the runners over
My sister can have 3's but I have to have all 1's
I'm not even lying I do the exact same Shit lol
I certainly will when I visit you guys next Friday
Happy birthday to my favorite nugget !!
Wow, that's awesome!
Enjoy Firenze. Wish we were there right now too. [Sigh]
thats whats up. Ill come down there one day. Ill text you, i think i have still your number.
Can i say or do something without getting judged? No. This is my life, i dont want any comments about my own decisions.
my harddrive is an example of terrible curation :)
Dnt tlk shit if you cant bag it up
of course!
Someone needs to get to sing to playing guitar.
Awesome job by of spreading rumors of a Rose injury. Great journalism.
24 hours from now, we find out if and will be Cats
Some my take the passenger seat in life, but I belong behind the wheel!!
About to go hunt some birds with haha
- your website/blog is such an amazing resource. It's one of the best ways I know of to stay current in the field. Thanks Tony!
Foucault messes up my brain.
Someone needs to teach the refs how to turn their mics off : )
You've got me thinking about ROA (Return on App), and that $5M app dev impact threshold.
Interested in hosting an exchange student short or long term? Send us a direct message!
damn 4real mane shit what u gone do
Attention Pregnant Ladies: Please do not post every 10 minutes how far you are in labor. It's truly disgusting and gross in every way.
Mama Gump was right. Life really is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you are going to get.
“: I miss you guys ” we miss you too!
You mean "pork fee." RT If you do that you may have to pay the BYOB cork fee.
People can’t change the truth but the truth can change people
wonderful and you?
's Marielena Hincapie tells #womentogether: diverse coalitions have blocked anti #immigrant laws in
Our ad in next Texas Music Magazine has 1000 CDs in digipaks & 40 t-shirts for $1390! or 1000 CDs in full color sleeves for $790! Hit us.
not really feeling getting on my feet and making some noise guys, you're up 32 going into the 4th
Thank you for applying!! Please spread the word!! Nominate others!!
Omg is playing Prisencolinensinainciusol
True! I don't want you to sleep with my girlfriend lmao xD
fantastic! Which location?
Thanks to our friend Cythia! last week she donated $100!!! That makes her a Brother Bro-Patter!!!
Another night "IN"
The division is ours for the taking! Let's go SHARKS!
your face.
- I'm a fan of this
Yes! I love it!!
This goes to all the spoiled children out there.
alright for sure (;
FYI peeps... Roasted Chicken last night = Chicken Soup today!! Stock is on now
Thanks for the kind words though I don't know how useful the HITS were! :-) I miss all of you :-(.
Today a library in England will be dedicated to my husband, a very very good man. The Rigg Library. #wow!
It's Friday. We so excited.
This summer I'm balling out
ME TOO ME TOO ME TOO
so did you like it?:)
Check out the new Legends Golf & Country Club by Lennar FAN page! Show us how much you LIKE the community by clicking the LIKE button!!
Damnit... I had a costume ready for this, and then realized your party is Saturday not Friday. I'm out of town Saturday. Sorry!
its a fact tht i automatically do it!! iono why- but it jus happens
who keeps the dog/cat after the divorce.
Because if you announce it on Twitter, we'll hold you to it, right?
trying to get legit with our social bookmarking icons. To use service icons do you have to have written agreements with each?
You may be too fat if you protest a restaurant for cutting you off from an all you eat fish dinner.
Q1: How do I know if I need full service, a designer or developer for Wordpress?
Motion with your finger for a girl to come over. When she gets there say, /I knew if I fingered you long enough you would cum./
its all good
because the odds are ever in there favor ;)
Oh it is!
“: WIP's Sunday party seems to be getting stronger. A bunch of notable names showed up last night for 's performance.”
l love ur videos! i watch them all the time & it would be amazing if u would follow me. it would actually make my YEAR!!!!! <3
Ah Mother's Day, here we are again. Mind if I sit this one out?
Update on Lopez?
Wow thanks alot!
Drinking Adobe fizzy water. Good thing I don't need the tool.
I love u back<3
Some students of Santana High School hit by car on way to school. Minor injuries reported.
Thanks, God. One last beautiful sunrise. :) See you later tonight for dinner! Grilled pork chops with cherry chutney...yum.
We move to another physical location. 6107 S.E. 15 street Midwst City, OK. Smaller, but just as powerful.
i love breakfast time what you gunna eat at
Getting on our #teamfollowback status we love our fans follow us we will follow back!!!!
still sick dont know what going on sore throut havent been drink for 2 days already and i only eating 1 a day im loseing my life already:(
I'm jus depressed I cant ever dance again :"/ my dreams r ruined
Had a bunch of fun at the Northshore Christian Church Black & White gala again this year! Lotsa dancing and good food.
would that get me in trouble?
hello u can do it just don't give up
Its all good... Be Happy!!!
Am I the only person who finds the "Las Vegas Code" childish, annoying and vaguely offensive?
Also I'm glad your husband's okay! My boyfriend does that to me all the time.
Congratulations! That's fantastic!! Love those blues and Tri-colors!!
I don't play competitively. I'm more of a spectator. I find it fun to watch people play. :-)
can't believe i'm still awake!
RT : Ever-impressed by the quiet devotion, smarts, & goodwill of the Emory Library staff who are building & supporting
Haha you could make me happy by tweeting me, following me, RT me, or DMing me ;D lol
": S/O to my bro " S/O to Fidel :) Love ya bortha, you always bring
eek! I've had bad experiences with Starbucks lately..I've switched to Dunkin for the time being. Can't beat 3-6 Happy Hour!
When I grow up, I want to be as popular as you,
got a tape
#askbieber when do u think ur gonna tour in the US?
congrats sir!
Playing Draw Something with
Justed invested in united online,inc. Riskest investment i've made yet.
no. i HATE those days!! just know you are more than halfway there then u can put on ur sweats and relax :)
So a squirrel just jumped up on our screen door. Obviously wanted to watch some Star Wars.
Dad-"remember its a church, make sure you wear lots of layers so you dont strip completely naked like most of your shows"
The state of WI is not done with winter. Tue afternoon through Wed afternoon 6-10 inches in the northwest, while 3-6 inches in the northeast
I don't know why I can tweet and receive msgs but not send email. Sorry for not responding sooner!
My sister just told me about these bumper stickers--outrageous!!
#mozartsbirthday - Requiem In D Minor K. 626
As long as the wheels are still going round and round you're fine...
she's pretty awesome, you should have the tambourine under your foot like she does!
One class was literally about breathing (as it had to do with relaxation and stress or some nonsense).
hey lady. Congrats on your show. I remember what it is like to share the stage with you. You always rock. Come to New York..
Awesome presentation by at #sdsms !
When do you come back?!
North Carolina, on the wrong side of history since 1861. - Letterman
*whispering* hey guess what? You get to see me tomorrow night!
Boppas gonna be thick in Beamers tonight cuz gonna be in the house!
#onlyinthehood would you find a drunk old man singing "life's so short, i don't wanna go to court" while falling over
It was pretty great! I'll probably be coming to Tucson more often now, next time I'll say hi if I think it's you!
Y'all be worried about the wrong shit..
#Baltimore....don't be scared of the weather. Embrace it and come join us for a beer. $1 blue moons at midnight for 15mins.
Hey Zipsters! Just 8 more days to refer a friend & receive $80 driving credit to share: ow.ly/8DvpP
Jacque Jones. “: Worse arm: Juan Pierre or Johnny Damon?”
Just when I thot was gonna grind it out tonight he suggest we get a room... Guess the young gun has to take over and get us home!
About to head into news conference about a food stamp fraud investigation
So glad we could help! Keep up the awesome work!
oh dear.
I hate being told the same shit over and over again
In Fort Wayne at the Grandparents' house. Getting ready to hook 15 more people on #IndyCar racing.
dam a born ass day at auntie's BBQ hope to have fun today.
I hate it here
Feeling positively Parisian sitting at a sidewalk cafe. But I am getting really cold.
If I did do that, I doubt I'd be the only one. Some nutcases go here.
This is so awkward.
Good article. I am using a Willie Sutton reference for the #socialmedia class I am about to teach at .
Too much
where are you
Congrats to all your contest winners!
Omg so hot in here i still cant sleep!!!!!!
Thanx for the preview..
What to you call a Russian flea? A Moscow-ito!
I love pennies! Such satisfaction paying 8 cents or 3cents for 23 cents. #Canada eliminates the #penny. Can we please do the same?
Artists/designers, stop using the autotrace tool to create "original" works. Running a process on an image doesn't make it viable.
Working on a concept album that's 227 beats per minute and based on samples of Jackée and Sherman Hemsley.
never argue with idiots. They'll bring you down to their level and beat you with experience.
I legit was just humming that as your Tweet came up haha!!
Thanks for playing...you're just full of one-liners #more sarcasm
Thank u lord for wake me and my family up this morning
Happy hour specials 3-9... $5 stoli cocktails, $2 miller bottles, $3 tall rails. Come take advantage of the best patio in Milwaukee!!
Today in 1828 NoahWebster, widely known as a crackpot, published American Dictionary wch remade his reputation into Founding Father
Rockstars spend their marketing efforts with loyal fans while companies focus on acqiring new customers via
ha, twas even better this time!
if I drink any more pumpkin spice lattes, I'm going to turn into a pumpkin!!
stuffed peppers and icecream :/
We'll hope the wait list comes thru has not had the pleasure of dinner there so lets plan it.
Swag doesnt have anything on class.
Just meeting with childhhod friend, who is National Director of Diversity for ALL clubs. Incredible intiatives going on.
RT : Success requires continual change, constant improvement, and ongoing sacrifice.
Fo Real I NEED THIS SHIRT Where can I Cop It?
Rain and sleet outside. "March went out like a lion, a whippin up the water in the bay...."
you make my day noelle lol(:
I saw that... Hope all is going well for u...u look awesome!
4/20 also happens to be Hitler's birthday...
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 14
You bet, thank you! I hope those students are going into marketing (: cc
Recommendations-Oregon, Washington, Seattle!?
where did he go?.. my eyes are like clouds..
That is so awesome!! The blog section @ stratejoy.com is also hosting 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLCs in real time!!
you a fool...
now officially has a license to get married. Only took 10 minutes & cost $93, probably the fastest & cheapest part of the whole process! ;-)
*shoots glitter cannon* RT : Don't sell your soul to have what someone had yesterday.
aha das' the motto. good luck though :)
What workshop are you attending today? Tweet us!
🎅🎄🎁 Christmas break!
yum yum yum yum!
Love Al Michael's references to the Vegas line at the end of nearly every game on
bout to make that pantie dropping music
Am i the only one who used to watch Dr Quinn as a child 😳. That was my show.
You're welcome. Looking forward to your tweets.
love it!! I did plays from young 2 'old' My dream was 2 be an #actress ever since I can remember
Yup! Let us know when you're in #LA again! :)
It amazes me how long me & been friends with some people & they still don't know we share the same birthday
Thanks for following my tweets! Be blessed!
iSchoolers, Join us at the Dog and Duck this evening at 6:30 for a Welcome Back Happy Hour! Join us later for Gone to Texas at 8:00pm!
Gavin DeGraw is simply amazing
Royal Ink's soft opening is today
fuckas try to find me!!!
I've typed descriptions for 190 8x10 film negatives TODAY ALONE.
Somehow the app market got taken off my phone. How can I get the market app back if I can't access the market lol
At to celebrate their 3 Year Anniversary! The party has been going all week. Congratulations to Asim & the Policy crew!!
#GLread11 very excited to be a part of the global read aloud project!
Happy Father's Day!
Prove it.
I'm gonna be pissed if my direct tv don't come bk on or this storm don't stop n the next 20min and I miss
that's why I sent it to you;). I love the oatmeal
The media is boxing MITT ROMNEY into a corner. The BULLY debut from his old school really shows who MITT is. Granted people do change.
Why did I go back to school? All I do is school work. Is it Friday and #wineweek yet?!
hey let's do something soon? :)
does that include Jimmy!
do you ever have concert.?I really want to meet you and so does my brother but he can't. So I just want him to know that I did
Everyone Tweet people not following TO follow him! #RObotz get to it! We are taking over! Tweet alot of ppl and He will follow you!
wow, congrats Philip Humber with the 21st Perfect Game in History!
Does he know? Can he tell?...he knows...Mr. Hansen can TOTALLY tell that I'm stoned....wait, does he know?
Arranging a bowl of flowers in the morning can give a sense of quiet in a crowded day - like writing a poem, or saying a prayer.
RT : Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep via
truth be told, the pros only pedaled with one leg... RT RsNT Training Ride with the pros app.strava.com/rides/calp-com…
"falling in love is easy BUT someone tell me how to stay there"...i swear this quote is monsterous
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones. - Phillip Brooks
He lied. Shocker.
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is driving through a park on his way to a home for the poor.
Awww, back at you! How are you doing? What's new? It's been YEARS!! (feels like it anyway)
Hey! It's Cyber Monday! A great day to order a deck of GOLPH cards...you'll love to play the game and your family and friends will, too!
attempting to make last minute decisions & final arrangements for this photo shoot on Thursday
hello september! if that cold wind i felt yesterday keeps up, then i think we can be friends for a long while.
i take that as a yes .
werk bitch, you don't got to stress this. show 'em how it's done.
mcdonalds tomorrow then?
ASTD TechKnowledge 2012...here we come! Stop by booth 300 to say hello.
yea, making money is a TOP priority of mines. I think about how to make more everyday. Always have since I was like 5 lol
I NEED A VACATiON!!!!
Peter Sellers in Being There. I like to watch.
austin please come to mexico mexican mahomies needs you please please #AustinInMexico :D
lol I haven't :/ but I can't believ u remember! Haha
Awesome! How was the process of setting up your project? We enjoy the feedback. ;)
Spring cleaning!
Worldwide- Income Opportunity. We are looking for promoters to work from home. The pay is 100 dollars per day
it wouldn't be complete without those arm extender things old people use.
Yup, your way!
Just got off the plane in Sacramento. Here to testify at Transportation comm. in favor of AB 1572- the bill to reform
Yeah just mentiomed as a good resource for tech I agree! #mlamobiletech follow krafty librarian blog!
haRT : BESTFRIEND: the one you can get mad at only for a short period because you have important stuff to tell them
THE S WORD
We are excited about our new products from
#MyPaastRelationships weren't what I was lookin for. I want you<3
LOL what does that stand for?
Why do women stare at me but never speak? If you are attracted to me, at least wave!
Getting so nervous for tonights #razzieawards....I'm a dork, I know!! :)
What an honor...and what fun!
ok that's fine! We'll do a movie night!!!!! I'll finally make those brownie things!!!
I noticed you're following Homeless Hotspots. Wondered what you thought of it.
Good sunday morning fam. Hope all are having a good one. Keep the faith!
very true chip - we actually had to go ahead and get her prosthetic fingers
Almost game time! #GeauxTigersBeatBama ! Who do you think will win the #BCSChampionship?
Mills they better hope so with what they gave up.. paid off for Cinci holding out
Good Morning Everybody! :)
That moment where you smile at a stranger to have them point out lipstick on your teeth #Thesedamnlips&teethglossy
SHAKE IT!
Hamilton is a monster.
Venison sausages today! Gamey gasmic goodness
I stuck with fruit salad. Can't go wrong with just having to cup up fruit :)
when are you guys coming to chicago?
are you drunk missy?
Peter Schiff is the man
Everytime I have a cherry, I feel the need to tie the stem into a knot in my mouth ;-)
“: Better hide the matches now.” Haha!! Not happening!
#AJStream raising your voice and abrasive comments wont make people listen to you or take u seriously. Bravo 2
Ha ha! I just heard a story about millionaire who hired a rain witch to find wells for vineyard. Anything is possible. Thx 4 RT ;)
I'm not in L.A. with Zachary. -___-
#imagine You're taking a shower and Niall comes in. He stops the water and slaps ur ass 'You don't need water.. I can make u wet.' ;)
Driving 10 mph on 94 has to be the best way to work...right.....riiiiigggghhhhht
Yup - AJL, last year! Unfortunately I didn't get to do the tour, but the presentations were great!
Student teams today in Maysville!
oh yeah, your stomach is going to be hurting from laughing for sure:) lol
Hi dud
omg I just had those for breakfast!!!! :D <3 so good!
SUPER SATURDAY SALE COME VISIT OUR WAREHOUSE AND SAVE 10% ON ANY NON SALE ITEM! OR SVAE 10% BY PLACING YOUR ORDER OVER THE PHONE ON SATURDAY
Air Designs, the prop place? What are you working on down there?
This stupid ass art teacher gettn on my fckn nerves bro .. I'm bout to punch him in his face .. dirty ass hobo !!
Wishing a very happy birthday to my mom. I can't wait to see you in October!
Holy Penny lane! *goes running after* I was kidding lol :D yes we're almost a month like u said :D
After watching #NeverSayNever, I must admit I am now a
done! ticket submitted. thanks for the link.
: OK. You might remind him that he said he'd debate me on the subject "anytime," before backing down the first time.
it was awesome I only saw a little though but if he comes new York he should have onelol here
if you want 2 always be disappointed, pls free free 2 follow the w/ & me
-- no they not
just a test, but pretty poor timing as a storm is rolling through.
Hey sir, how is everything?
Our studio name came from Dixiana, South Carolina. We located to Nashville.
#JustRememberThat I am always here to support you and will forever be.
I'll shoot you if you dont eat my poo!
The suggestion of creating a simulation of interactivity makes me think about machinima.
Happy Hump Day. Make it great.
hey! Follow back? =)
Those who think you can buy votes don't understand democracy. You can never buy a vote; you have to earn every single one.
So the ways in which rights discourses are deployed are super fascinating.
You're so annoying it's literally killing my brain cells.
Got checked today...wtf
Absotutly, let's keep it on Wednesdays!
Before calling press read what they've tweeted, this can save you from embarrassment or spark ideas.
You're so cultured and get geography. : London is cold AS FUCK!!!!!!!!"
a chihuahua. well I have three others, but I'm with the chihuahua :D , you're slacking' brueh!
for a moment, I thought you were talking about mark henry
Depends on what you mean by funny. See: Joe Pesci, Goodfellas
only problem was the noise. House of blues woke us up at 2am and 4am for 1/2 hour. Very tired today.
what BILLIONS are you refering to? This just more slander from you? Our LM-2 is public record as a
thanks. Where is your picture?
Hey there guys. It's been awhile<3
Wishing everyone a happy and safe Halloween! Be sure to brush and floss after eating all that candy!
Love that show. Have to catch the rebroadcast. "If it don't make money, it don't make sense." ~ Miss Robbie *LOL*
Giant fan in MIA still got much love for ya skillz. Thx and welcome back to the good life. It didn't kill ya...so you better
please tweet us. VASHAPPENEN Rena and Gaby <3 i love u :)
Scholars were not surprised to find that mustache growth was the main subject of Nietzsche's private journals.
AGREE. Invest! > RT : was excellent at #bigomaha - but in my experience, some "B" teamers can become outstanding over time
Power is out?? Good thing we finished dinner & cleaned up!
thanks! Have a great weekend.
Many thanks and much respect for that support! A great honor to see you following our tweets.
I'm surprised at how many people do that. Is be ashamed. Even tho it's just a silly game. I can't do it.
Boyfriend by Best Coast is the most relevant song
shut the hell up
Super bowl tonight !!!!!!
wow! I got a haircut yesterday!
Consider yourself a cigar aficionado? Come check out our walk-in cigar humidor!
I feel it's an insight into the past that was lost, unfortunately.
Wish strawberries came single
Lent is simply not enough.
back in 07, busted Zocolillo, low level NY hood -out of jail now doing reality t v 'mamas boys of the bronx' what the hey?10news tonight
need some weed for my needs
Did you know...? Each Zipcar takes at least 15 personally owned cars off the road.
I didn't hear that as directed against the whole assessment movement, but against test-driven assessment.
Giants!! Holy crap.
Going to the loop today gonna get some new clothes/any ideas.
looking for effective tool for sorting, tagging, storing pdf downloads - in way that isnt breaking copyright. any suggestions?
it makes me so happy that Mikey followed me after he promised to <3
Well today is not Friday, but it is #TNI day, so almost as good! Looking fwd to reminiscing abt Spring Break w/ &
wut can u spend anothr day w/out?
Bach opens a vista to the universe. After experiencing him, people feel there is meaning to life after all. ~Helmut Walcha
Hard to believe Dave Grohl was once the drummer for Nirvana! RT Finally......some REAL talent..........#FooFighters!!!
but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy." - Martin luther king
Sketching up some large ideas!
right! they are dangerous aren't they?
hell nawl ! Into a fuckin' compartment with like 70 more people for 8 fucking weeks !
I once again wanted to share my main mantra: "Everyone is on their own path at their own pace." How does that resonate with you?
Future overrated
that's why he gave us the hardest part ;)
Dear girls (or guys) in yoga: please no more short shorts.
Diiamon'd Vasquez -★ Check me out ★ More to come
What's on my myn hum my Son most def...
She ain't a killer but she'd fucking blow your head off.
#Its2012WhyYouStill rocking airbrushed t shirts and scrolling belt buckles.
Coffee Ice Cream ☁ yumm -A
Excited to learn that is coming to Colorado! We welcome you with open arms!
thats nice to now
Dude, that is so 2009–like Chatroulette.
Studio session 11pm tomorrow Superstar No limit
My goodness Chelsea!
Happy Birthday
your welcome.😄. When they say that it's just another way of sweet talking you and trying to get u back.
If it's not one thing, it's another.
RT For those keeping count, Gingrich now has compared himself to Reagan, Jefferson, Jackson, Lincoln and FDR.
is preaching the word this am ! We need a exalted view of God !!
oh, it'll be back. We have Atlanta at Actor's Express next.
they should harassing his RAT friend!!
What comedians we're left out of the comedy awards that you would like us to get.
Why shoot on the empty net? KILL THE CLOCK AND CELEBRATE!
whatever....you say!!
Its National Margarita Day!!!!!!!! $5 margaritas all day long!!!! Have a great day everyone!!!!!
it'll just take a little practice and memorization.
Yep!(: haha, it seems like it's been awhile since we've talked!
ever miss your braces ?;)
My gf and I just walked thru ur place. Y are u moving? Its pretty nice. Is it a cool place to live? PS- love following ur tweets
this is my favorite page yet! So excited for this episode
I'm in a Lo-Key State Of Mind!
Well the A-Z is finished.... gotta figure out what to play now. bugger.
totally understand. Between WWTT and RFS it's like my grim reaper story is still stuck at 25k...poor thing! lol Must reap souls!
Occupy Toronto order to evict upheld
#LALDelta pau. He ways flies high!
Aw poor Rachel
Many speed traps on 394w, if you are headed to the Twins game!
no school all day
Had a delicious salmon salad from the other day, incredible ingredients, even the mint is so fresh. Go, #lajolla, go!
Sweet, I could get a job making 14.50 and hour.
Nice to see gas prices falling a bit in Sacramento. Wonder if it's just so they can be raised for the holiday.
Need a tg crew jump on the wagon might have a tic for ya if you need
Our pitching's going to take some time to come around, but this offense will carry us until it does. I REFUSE TO LOSE. #LASERSHOW OUT.
6am Bikram... Yes it was amazing. Love this practice. Now I take kiddos to school.
What's not to love about you guys????
I love your song What Makes You Beautiful ! Good job boys :)
This Jemi scene >
because of you I have made it to round 4 in the YOBI Sing Competition!
An early start in SoCal - mornin'! RT“: Good morning!”
,um my fone broke like two days ago :/ so ii cant text u but if ,I get a new one i will do :) and just message me?!
Dear restaurants: the #1 way to get on my shit-list isn't bad food, but lack of consistency. Don't wow me 1 day & then gross me out the next
Egg-cellent #Easter breakfast spot! We're serving up glasses of Prosecco, Crab Cake Benedict, Seattle Strata, & Challah French Toast.
On the road
i guess you're right. He gets his though.
#chevysxsw Good job Patty. I've never had a better cruze in my life.
That was incredible!!
www.DigitalGeeks.org now will help you get your webpage up and running. Contact us for a free consultation
#LetsBeReal when girls get mad guys4txting females.99% of the time ur txting guys. So
It's not news. Twitter probably did that, lol. I know Twitter follows/unfollows ppl randomly. It's a known glitch.
And… Mat Latos just one-upped Mike Leake. LF corner to same spot in RCF. Leake was throwing about 50 feet from third base.
Aloha ! Mahalo for the mention. RT Say hello to my friends at the for me.
You should tell yo friends to follow me. Cause I like that shit.
Now Following Back
Hell yes; black olives, kalamata, whatever the kind of olive, it can live on my slice.
Just trying to figure out which of my WrestleMania photos is the most ridiculous.
I liked you on KSR with Matt. I understand your view. If he hadn't lied about meaning to do it 4-5 games would be enough.
Monday afternoon Happy Hour is in full swing - come on by and enjoy a half price beef burger & drink specials until 7pm!
Original with strawberries, kiwi, blueberries and honey. #YUM!!
cool, I'll send both of you an email with internal link -- downloading everything now :)
MT Boone Logan has 24K in 15.2 IP. Continues to quietly dominate as a reliever...<<Just PLEASE dont get hurt...
Nintendo news New Mario game coming to 3DS Kirby collection- new wii games
I got a B in Calculus going into the final..... Thank you god ......
It seems we are kindred spirits, sir - Love the name.
haha that's being nicee! & don't you remember? We are, that one day you were fucked up so you married me lolol :D
found it! Tweet forthcoming
