All the hype for avengers makes me wanna see it!
Jury duty for the next two days. Not a fan. #iobject!
AND enchiladas.
“: Nawl I just Dnt Kiss An Tell!!”nobody said kiss and tell boo
There's nothing like a 2008 Veronese to make you look at your problems and say f*ck it. As I write this a #Mets rookie hit a 3 run homer!
I wish I knew how to explain exactly how I'm feeling.
Sitting in my couch , drinking hot choc while its snowing . GREAT
Thank you for the mention!
Tie series!!! #Caps best of three again!!
haha! I love the Mad Hatter and Sweeney Todd.
yeah:) gosh I hope I meet him one day
We did! Thank you for accommodating us! RT : Hey, ! Sounds like you all had a nice evening here at Eastman House!
I know all parents think their child is the cutest thing in the world but seriously, mine is.
much better than small time anyway.. what about small potatoes though? not so bad!
yeah! Just a little cut on my foot from glass from my broken mirror. I'm all good now! <3
your fawkin adorable
thanks for the follow, back atcha.
You know a girl is serious when they say your name in a text.
on weekends etc
FedEx just delivered my new glidetrack! It is a symbol of my devotion to my Canon 5D Mark II and of my pain for my bank account...
Ima Check Yu Out Now Bra
Blood pressure pills and thyroid meds are a part of your past with Skinny Fiber. It's all natural. Money back guarantee!! You have more...
Looking forward to automated A/B testing with the latest Silverpop release
funny how "its like jQuery for x" has become the way to describe a library that simplifies or normalizes another API
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! You've been with us over a year!! Thanks for your work!
Disciples be damned. It's not interesting. It's only the masters that matter. Those who create-Picasso
CU needs near perfect game to beat NC - Jays 1-6 from three, 1-4 FT
Hey chinatown, we've brought you our new menu on a silver platter.... Ok there's no platter but were here at G and 7th, hope your hungry =)
Freaking out by how close to 20k fans we have on this page! Go cat people!
Please follow me?
I think people should talk more about the moon. Its so interesting.
Hearing more and more of this thought. Seems as though OL Coach Davidson doesn't hate the current group, but tough to pass up LT
Thanks for the RT!
I'm very disappointed that "Ready, Jetset, Go!" is already a phrase. Hopefully not trademarked because I intend to use it often from now on.
Newt, Mitt, and Rick have all answered 4 questions now, guess it's time for Paul to get ONE #scdebate #rigged?
WOW! WHAT A PLAY!
THIS FRIDAY ... and u kno what I'm talkin about.
Cookie Breath!
Pittsburghers love to trash Philly and I always have the hardest time desputing cuz im too busy laughing at that goofy ass accent
On sports Sunday tonight w Jerome Solomon who is a solid guy. Enjoyed meeting him
Good to see you on here!!
RT : #Overheard at the Cottage: A first grader, to a staff member: Do you live here like President Lincoln?
NO Problem! Anytime Carina
ya I think this gone be a weekend in lol
YOU ARE A GEM!
Big announcement coming soon!
of course I'll be at #edcampPhilly , maybe we could collaborate on google docs session for elem teachers ;)
I say I say uhh
Her friend at the time told me her pussy looks like pepperoni pizza
well said!!!! We all know your a classy guy:-) yes, that's coming from a flyers fan, lol
Go Boston!
You think you know how to love a woman.
Happy Birthday from the Gator Nation!!!!
What a pleasure! You're welcome.
Thank you friends! So fun getting the word out about FA. Many new people finally "getting it"! The best reward!!
Yea it goes hard but im waitin for the uncut version before i download it
SOUPED UP SOUPS! Roasted Pulled Pork Chili, Tomato Bisque, Beer Cheese, Turkey Wild Rice, Chicken Noodle & Veggie Beef Barley!
seriously, who puts a coffee cup on their Mac computer? l
chicken caesar sandwich
CONGRATS on being our Employer of the Month for March! We're excited to have your staff try us out this month (for FREE)!
On this day in 1965, Malcolm X was assassinated. If you're in Harlem, take time to go to the Malcolm X Schomburg exhibit
The hill! The views! The architectural and topographical integrity of the quad! Aesthetics are important.
It's freezing out!
New Tornado Warning for #Tarrant County near #Arlington area that has already been hit
Must turn in passport app!!!
My belief is stronger than your doubt.
You didn't give me my P.E shorts-.-
I'm all jacked up on Mountain Dew...
ALL ABOUT THE U!!!! - Fin Heaven
Just pulled in to lafayette, LA for the gig. Great vibes.
wife says i spend too much time on social media and not enough writing.
students and #StateCollege residents, stop by the Corner Room between 11 and 6 tmrw and support the Axis bake sale!
when i got home from school my mom was like lets go food shopping so im like kay kay.. we didnt end up coming back till 5
And i also hate when females wear their singles down... Ugh.
Lmao!! xD He was very happy when i got his name xD
Lol @ Darren riding his dirtbike in the neighborhood and he had no shirt on and my mom told him to put one on. Lol...
well I miss you! Let's get together ASAP!!!
I didn't get them
Nice post! Another issue is how to start meaningful dialogue. Can't just ask empty Qs constantly. Avoid Potemkin conversation.
The little noise my twitter makes when it's refreshed (:
That was some serious power he displayed there.
anybody at fullsail? i've got tickets for tonight's wwe taping/ wrestling matches of u want'em for free....
dirty mind!
:)) ": Just made a nutella cake, best thing ever. My baking > yours #winning :}"
Swim practice! :)
Oh my, now I'm contemplating too. Can't wrap my brain around calling an eight-celled entity a "baby."
If you're at #NRF12 head to hall E 1E 12/13 at 2pm for a presentation on luxury in emerging markets, we're up after Bill Clinton!
the teens LOVE the Polaroid camera. They've never seen one before, and they keep asking me to take their pictures.
I love Morrissey. By the way, You should not go to them. Let them come to you.
what a random number...why only 140 characters?
Having a blast in West Palm Beach!
#racialequity great conversations about unity as a key ingredient to political power and many others talking about kids
It's 2012 and people are still putting Dave Matthews on the jukebox.
I love you, girl. Our convos about you know who are hilarious. Believe me, ES & KP will happen lmao <3
this looks like a scene from a talking animal movie
listening to Push Play and looking for more musicals...it's going to be a long night...so many musicals to look at
I don't tan, only freckle
According to the State Department, immigrant visa numbers for EB-2 India/China will retrogress again in May or June 2012.
If you could describe me in 10 words, what would they be?
NP, we like to keep our customers caffeinated =) Thanks for your feedback, check back soon for new brands & site changes!
I wrote! I feel so free!
please follow me please please
High fives to for Storage Wars. Can't wait for new season!
I need a job that pays at LEAST $10+ an hour.
Nothin says home like a workout at Lifetime Fitness!
Woo pig sooie! Let's go Hogs!
Starting to regret this #Flyers in 6 pick. I knew it'd be an emotional let down after Pittsburgh
your in elementary and you dress like a slut, your future on Maury is bright hoe!!
I feel your pain.
not you! :O
Stupid bitches that can't move on from shit #HopOff ;*
Architect Bernie Baker remakes Midcentury - The Seattle Times
Max & Ruffy's will be exhibiting at the TAFA conference - stop by our booth and pick up some awesome vegan treats to bring home!
had my form filled our for #io2011 but it went kaput
very true!
Happy Mothers Day To All The Mothers of The World...a little early I know, I'm even going to call Mom before all circuits are busy...
U lose when you give up. I guess I will always stay undefeated cuz I am never giving up!! Got too much heart
Going to be serving up a pre-thanksgiving feast of swing with a side of soul with and Mary Nau tonight !
Thank you so much for following me! Check my Passions by K accessories on Facebook. I can send you a free one.
nice thought, wish i wasn't working
Disney movie Wreck-It Ralph to feature video game cameos - SlashGear
#ONCMeeting it's better to know!
you crack me up with your tweets. It's like u r thinking out loud haha
Thank you so much for cooking tip on Extra (re lavender infused milk)... used in my sugar-free hot chocolate.... yum yum!!
we love you being you :) ♥
GRRRR Late work night! Thought I would annoy you before going off to bed. Well, I don't think I will b up early today. hahaha
My sister's dog is an attention whore/ super lanky and awkward
LOL. this stupid bitch said "i prefer beer over alcohol" hahahahahahaaha
Eric Wedge is now 1-1 as the ex-manager of the Indians.
It seems like the only decent thing for the AIG folks to do would be to voluntarily give up their bonuses.
Attending the Inauguration of City of #Milwaukee Elected Officials. It is quite the affair at City Hall!
I try
Recording tonight. Very, very distracted. Maybe that means I'll stay out of God's way and let Him do amazing things. Prayers appreciated.
Enjoy the game.
- Wonderful!!! Thanks so much!
not impressed with the hilton NY hotel. tried no less than 6 times to reach their billing department. not successful.
Why can't work be closer?
Also GTL hahaha u taught me a cool new word
What's up section leader?
Please send us any questions you might have for these amazing bloggers and tweeters. #digidoy DMIS
Don't forget to take tons of pics of your costume! I can't wait to see it and your pink hair!!
Love your site and concept!
the smell of urinal cake is not refrshing
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same. Elbert Hubbard
So that happend. Big weekend. Bartenders everywhere are fist-pumping.
Do you need some talented actresses in your twitter world? FF
Was that singing in that Car commercial?! Or am I crazy?
Life is relationships; the remaining is just information.
My poor bby
I concur! :) RT : I know it's still early, but I believe this day requires some margaritas (eventually).
#kohacon11 put up banners of all sponsoring organizations--where is the "global leader?" FAIL FAIL FAIL.
that trailer was amazing...
I have the sudden urge to watch Capt. Bucky O'Hare...
But Austin's dick is enormous! While shoving Clark in and out our body he would hurt da babies!! :O lol :'D
My graduation class weak
In class... Leaning about branding...
thank you for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
truck them the can look but they cant touch lol trust me some dudes were staring at my sister and whistleing and saying hy girl
no its fine I have another one
#topnotchdriver RT : Thank you very much. Yes, it is a Flash cab. You can also check out my fav tweets to see..
#teamfollowback FOLLOW BACK.
Remind yourself that you are enough. Ground yourself in that.
what up bro
don't cry, you'll see my tomorrow for the moving par-tay!
It is always wise to respect everyone's humanity--even when a person does not respect himself or herself!
« ugly bitchs always talking»
This weekend, I wrote close to 5,000 words to net less than 2,800. Still it was a productive couple of days.
I love the new icon!!!(: Almost as amazing as you!<33 :)
Rain + bus = unhappy camper right here
#ff eve RT My stupid human trick is punctuating shit correctly.
judging a book by its cover? SHADY.
I wish SF appreciated him more. NFL=biz RT : A Smith possibly to Dolphins?! I bet you'd like him that close!
can you dm me where to submit beats at for you
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!2
went to the Mississippi Street Fair. Packed!
Gifts associates received from the White Elephant gift exchange: Gift cards, lottery tickets, Lord of the Rings pez dispensers, faux fur...
your guess is as good as mine. Unless they're IN the library for some other reason, don't have a card, can't get a card?
To sad right now..... Missing my bay
Crazygangstacool download my new shit tomorrow!
he wouldn't be sold for 25
You're welcome! , wonderful, as always.
face it and reintroduce yourself? :)
I'm glad you did! Please share with your followers!
I think my two biggest girl crushes are Scarlett Johansen and Carrie Underwood
Dancers! What do YOU do to break in your pointe shoes? Tweet me with the hashtag #BreakInTechniques and I will retweet!
Why does coffee always taste better in the morning. On my second cup and doing social media for clients.
Catalog librarians are metadata librarians: we've been doing it since before "metadata" was the sexy word for it.
thanks! hope you can come to our open house tonight from 5pm-8pm. Drink specials & a free balsamic & oo tasting.
Why do ants and pepper have to look so much alike?...I'm telling myself it was pepper! lol
... Tell her what ? Something she know ? O.o
- so my beautiful fiance took a little cat nap, we'll see you at 6:30
Ppl so concerned about what SHINA doing, if i say i dont give a fuck about what people say about me I DONT GIVE A FUCK.! Flat out.!
R.I.P to the famous and legendary Whitney Houston. You will truly be missed. We love you.
#youknowyouratchet if u on yo hands and knees at the club shaking yo ass. Get up off this dirty ass floor ! 😒
have u heard of the cell phone drive we are coordinating in #austin, check it out
This burger finna be love.
Today's Special: Honey Brined Pork Chop topped Dijon Cream Sauce with mashers and veggies...$12
2 more people in front of me... Almost see the light at the end of the tunnel!
I'm at the most yinzer bar n'at 🍻
We forwarded your link to our campus security director. Thank you for thinking of us!
hi water miss u text me sometime 5038391250 love u 1fan
ACFE 2012 Report to the Nations - typical organization loses 5% of its revenues to fraud each year. Crowe's anti-fraud professionals...
Luv ya! But, I sometimes feel pulled in too many directions when a contest has many of my favorites competing. :/ :(
The problem with #MayweatherCotto 24/7 is that we have seen each of them a few times. stupid boxing
Yeah why?
I'm into the process of becoming, always. (thanks for the reminder)
Pastoral will be hosting their annual free wine tasting tomorrow from 12-2! Come and sample their great variety of artisan wines.
Follow me back please :)
LMN, can't stop watching.
Nobody's perfect, uh , Nobody's perfect, aye. Aye but you're perfect for me..
hoe sittin on his lap wit red shoes
Im hearing this is the first time in 18 years it has rained for Emory's graduation.
Anyone who recommends me for a huge job promotion has obviously never watched me try to untangle headphone cords.
Increased my golf game a little bit today. Still a lot of progress to make to go pro. #dreams #sikemaybe?
I have 0 money too:(.. You buy me one ill buy you one!?!
The tables are about to turn.
Want some Boston cream pie to celebrate the series?
It appears that Charlie has indeed rented MacGruber. I'll just sit tight and read about elegies.
thanks Julie... we can not reach them to save our lives ;)
Diversity works, look beyond the surface and trust your gut. - Key learnings from 's keynote at
Happy valentine's day , much love to everyone,/feliz día de san valent
i knw tell me about it lol
I'm just kidding in a relationship period I just get bored easily
Yeah that sucks that had to happen to you.All I know about that situation is that people on all stations have not been reporting..
Sometimes I'll be listening to someone tell a story and just think to myself lie, lie, b.s...lie lie...you done yet?
Mike Miller looking to set a record for most wide open triples missed
me too! Fabulous!!!!! She pulled it off. But after my cry, your make-up didn't rum or ruin. HA! Love it!!!!
benches cleared, tplush ejected.
RT : Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
wait, you've never had 5Guys?
my dog just knocked on my door literally...??
Uhh what are you trying to say... Ended with 2 unless you just don't care about it
RT #c2css12 Simply put quotes around "phrases" that you suspect did not "come from their brains." Forgot-use GOOGLE
RT "Faith is about doing. You are how you act, not just how you believe."
Teaching a 2 yr old to say "please" is its own form of amusement.
At North Park gettin skinny
Hahaha i know :) man that's a lot of $$$$. Just winning that much is like a lifetime warranty. Hahaha
Thanks for the FF!
Saturday night. Line at the 7-11 Red Box, yall!
Damn this easter is pretty boaring ..
absolutely.inspiration comes from the most random places,this time a new TLR i picked up,it begs to be used. I oblige.
Sweet! It was still windy out here AFB, but then again, when is it ever not windy!?!?
Totally in.
Are truly my friend or?
that sounds good.... I can get the sun at a much cheaper price.
I am so so happy you're okay. Dan and I have been praying for you and have been in our thoughts. Stay strong and happy :-)
I had an amazing tenure as Speaker of the Assembly of , and I can't wait for another exciting year to come! :-)
yes you are!!! Thanks MAC!!!
manic panic hot hot pink
My grandpa specifically requested me as a pallbearer. :)
Yea ok wat I said still stand bye
Jack Sparrow: [from trailer] Captain, I wish to report a mutiny. I can name fingers and point names. Blackbeard: Perfect.
Well we had to baby sit today and I am making pizza rolls and corndogs now that is a 5 course meal lol :)
Regretting this #MovieTime choice already.
RT : We're very excited to hear Snooki is pregnant. The Death Star has been looking for an excuse to destroy Earth.
I'm Making Use of My Entire Life.
RT : Was it that bad? Take our poll. St. Patrick's Day rider tells of 'scary' trip downtown on jam-packed train)...
Ann's word of the day: vagrant
hey u happy easter:) miiss ur face
c'mon! follow a biggest fan of the rated R superstar EDGE/ adam copeland: the best in the world!!
Great day to be at the beach!!!
not a fan of writing cover letters
Members of US Navy serving lunch to seniors today @ West Senior Center. Thanks troops. cc:
Glad you like them! There will be more on the way.
Gearing up for tonight's condo meeting.
About to lift weights, then shower, then grocery shop for dinner.
Hopefully gonna be a good week , birthday on thursday , state on Friday & Saturday <3.
that free version of Funk & Wagnalls from Ebsco. Lol
following all my recent followers now(:
MT : Nothing shows the inexorable slide of our culture into #blahblahblah better than a United boarding anncmnt….
We are so excited for the FIRST #nightofworship for 2012! Jan. 13 ~ Can't wait to see you :)
I coloured my Giraffe purple, blue and pink. CAUSE I'M GOD
& from another perspective, Apple's products make it a lot easier for my students & fac to do work. that means more to me [+]
Figured out the plot problem; now I just have to completely rewrite chapters 10 - 13. That should keep me busy for a little while.
We have a new server ready - vpn-as5 Openvpn (SSL) server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
yea it better not lol
will do! Even if this action doesn't spur a response right away, it starts the conversation about where corporate funding goes
Whatever doesn't kill us gone make us mo tough
Like who?
#Entertainment. I have never seen muscle burst under pressure.It simply develops:)
Just one more week!
it scares me to think that you could find takers other than me. better than me. #swimming with jc <3
Do you sell telecoms solutions?... Would you like to increase your profits?..DM or call 0844 880 2010 for details :)
so when you goin get it...
thank you!
Sleep is for the week when the work comes cheap.........
Watching Jennifer's Body ...
you.have.a.problem.
And for something a touch more literary, Chester Aaron's WHISPERS and MURDER BY METAPHOR.
Essay what essay ? For what class Edith ?
Same thing different day
Gotta help spread the word for our friends up north!
I understand that!! Good Morning! RT : good morning! Sorry way behind today..whole house got up late! ugh!
Ah I'm at tennis practice and I'm so tired. >.<
Wow....1 year suspension for Sean Payton.
I drove in this AM, but that doesn't mean a thing. Any precip and all you see is break lights.
He's the best. RT I love that Palmer managed to only get one of his top 3 right on a "no question" tweet.
“: Should we ride Space Mountain or Peoplemover for our last ride of the night? RT and Vote now! " Space Mountain!
"Dancing with the feet is one thing, but dancing with the heart is another."
hey pretty!
You can still do it alone. Everyone has an insane side.
M bacon, making people fat and happy ever since it was thrown on the griddle
well i shall spend my friday working out cleaning and possible shopping
marriage, when they don't even realize they are judging her based on their opinions...dumb.
Happily shutting down Dreamweaver and disconnecting from server. No need for #fail page. Yay. Good job
Damn it's just 9 -.-
no kidding...but we didn't always have auto properties, and sometimes you can't use an auto property
a teacher.
+1 for transparent scatter/gather service calls! That would be huge.
No perfecto for James McDonald today. Walked opposing pitcher with 2 outs in 3rd.
if only I would have said 1 line! I was there before her
I do think Buchanan transferred as well. But yes, add Mickey Perry (2007) and Deaaron Williams (middle of 2006 season)
Laugh it up, drink it up, eat it up, go home beat it up and fall asleep! te quiero familia... Make it happen in 2012!!! All the best!!!
I'm so proud if you both for channeling your rage into love.
RT mee to : Whats crazy is i sleep on my living room couch more den i sleep in my own bed!!!! Smh
yeah I got stollen at the y
#Consult with me on #educational matters. I am experienced & insightful. See my LinkedIn profile. Serious inquiries only.
Our stores are now closed for SIP Fest, an all company training and meeting. We'll be back at 6:30am tomorrow.
Any Terry/Arlene/baby scene is fine with me!
are you at school?
Like their tires! MT : anyone ever notice that in the"college athlete enterprise" commercial, the basketball is very flat?
..missing the man who taught me2enjoy the Brewer way,his family missed him2day,every 162 I'll b w/o him the rest of the way
Feening for taco nazo fish tacos...... :T
Gonna sleep like a baby tonight. A baby that drank Vodka and took a vicodin C:
We have to take time and thank EVERYONE who has supported thus far!!! You guys are amazing and we love you!!! Keep us lifted!!!
Sports drinks are high in sugar which is what allows them to refuel you fast during exercise, but may be more than you need if you aren't
Great turnout today! Always love celebrating this country and saluting our troops who made it all possible. Go USA!
LoL! When and why? U just left. U need to come see me and ma. Ha! :) Much luv.
Thanks for the #FF :) Everyone follow!
Ok yes, awesome job and , the outfit: shoes & top underneath did NOT work not make her mature. Did not work
wish my husband could get a job-unemployed for 3 years-have a 5 year old-very stressful- tries so hard-nothing
So completely different than anything I did! What is this used for; who is the intended audience?
The pit is officially fired up!!!
Life is all about what can you give not what can you get
Don't miss the next Breakfast Biz Meet-up at The Council in NY on April 26th! To RSVP, email |
I want some new followers too!": you got a some new followers"
Hey we are looking to gather some aspiring video game journalists to write for gameradvice. Hit us up if you want more info
thanks for this post!
that's my excuse.
Hi Benjy. Lisa G is being a creepy and rude and I don't know why everyone on the show is acting like she's not. Glad you are happy.
IM UP $5000
Still laughing at the Bill Buckner episode of #Curb. What a hoot!
PRAISE BE TO ALLAH!
“: “ wtf i look like” Megan” don't be sayin my name
But yo, I'm tight Nori deadass wanted to bump to Cash Out 😒 RATCHET ASS SONG! Lmfao
this weather sucks!
I'd say there's a strong surge afoot in the everyone should learn to code movement, but indeed it's more nuanced than that.
Five days and counting to my #Droid - The suspense is killing me.
Follow us back.. The boss said to get ahold of you :) Look forward to working with you guys hopefully. -Rachel :)
Off to Nashville to ring in the New Year! Yee-haw!!!
I'm good. Just some minor scrapes on my palms from my Superman like form.
you want your word to stop being used? lol.
yeah they just now uploaded it lol
It's amazing how some people spend a lifetime chasing pavement.
"Named one of the Top 50 bars in America by Food & Wine Magazine" :)
Molly Ringwald favorited one of my tweets. I can really see myself pushing maximum density.
Loved the Sunday tasting in San Diego with Hung out with award winning winemaker, Steve Hagata, of
everyone should want to know when rides again!
Don't forget, we are playing a show this Saturday's Abolition Media Benefit Concert. Skrappy's 6:30PM $5 Be there RT RT
I say puck you with a p.
: some ppl would be happy to receive 1st draft level manuscripts
no clue! Lol
here we come so excited for the show
just picking lil one, don't be so defensive
Follow on Twitter to meet this afternoon in NYC!
what do you mean?
Summitt deserves as much credit for being a trailblazer as a coach. She made the game fiercer, she made stars.
dont be sad
Always love seeing your blog!
You just can't win when you're fighting nothing. When you step out of your head you'll see; most of your problems are make believe.
- Great coverage with the #Libya coverage!
Love me, hold me, touch me...
UK is playing LSU in NOLA and it still feels like a home game. #BBN is the rowdiest
Sex Trivia is back tonight! Host will be asking questions, while , & give prizes!
Thanks & for helping with our Social Media event. Appreciate the support for the GBTC!
Nothing is on the fucking tv
1 bottle of Proseco down. Onto red wine next, cheers and happy new year everyone!
I think no I know I want to be with a certain person I just hope she decides that she wants the same
Just watched Lemon Tree on #Netflix - excellent movie
your not allowed to meet David because you'll say something inappropriate 
Thanks everyone for following me this year! It's been fun and look forward to another year of #WOTD's!
Book A STAR for your Next EVENT!!! Send offers with date, city, venue, capacity & budget to *
Happy Mother's Day to the moms out there. I hope your kids spoil you today!
you must be seeing things : )
Seconded and consigned!
I'm bored as hell someone please call up Bruce Drennan and piss him off
oh anika, you radiate feminist badassery even when you cry! :)) much love!
On the spot early. I say yes Rockies make playoffs, because there's now 2 Wild Card teams. What you got?
Toured Center for National Response (Memorial Tunnel) this afternoon. Impressive.
I missed you today !
Sony SM pro: "How do you do SM for products that have a set shelf life (like a movie)?" Great ?Nobody answered it. Is there an answer?
Flit is at a crossroads, feels invisible. Her old flame offers her a chance to pursue her dream as a chef which she abandoned...
MISSED CONNECTION: you, a ranch-house I posed an active threat to. Me: a 200-acre grass fire near Piñon. Wanted to meet, but firefighters.
Yeah, I just downloaded that pie and I'll be reading it soon. :)
Many thanks to new followers: and
Tim Pawlenty may not be the most qualified candidate but Bachmans comments are very disturbing
R U the only 1 on the sidelines watching every1 else doing the latest line dances and steps? Fix that tonight at our line dance class - 7PM!
I got them all for the low @ my websites I'LL GIVE YOU A DEAL HERE FROM www.NikeAirYeezys.Us
Midterm submitted. Now returning to regularly scheduled angst, anxiety, paranoia, self-doubt and confusion.
"Good night. Have sweet dreams and sleep tight".See you! :)
Excuse me I have an announcement to make: I HAVE THE COOLEST TWITTER FOLLOWERS AND FACEBOOK FRIENDS....PERIOD!!
Well worlds was a joke.
Booth Tarkington has requested access to his author page on Amazon. He's back from the dead!
M Rapids vs. Galaxy...... love me some Beckham!
"When I played pool I was like a good psychiatrist. I cured 'em of all their daydreams and delusions."
Tonight was awesome. Now it's time for me to turn in!
If some company doesn’t get their act together to make a “To-Go Waffle Holster” soon, we’re going to be upset.
According to a new poll from Pew: 18% of Americans said they hadn't read a book in a year. This group is more likely to be: male than femal…
46% of IT decision makers say they think incorporating tablets will increase productivity for employees.
Jaguar&#39;s Got Something Cooking For The Upcoming F-Type Roadster
Great Day. Obtain the Radio footage in my short film Rain Dance. Amazing voice that airs M-W 6A-11A on WGXC 90.7-FM in NY. Thanks Philip.
Moving up in the world!
: Plus, in the film I'm in 1950's underpants - if that's not the selling point I don't know what is. #SeeYouAtTheShow!
School has okay... Even tho i have my 5 period!(full of smart people)
Looking for two promo reps in Baltimore this Wednesday, May 18 in the morning. Please email ASAP for more info!
:Hello there! I love my home! My family is so GREAT!! We go on walks & explore new things every day--very exciting! How's college?!
You should hunt out a few local geocaches.
I just passed 'the houses'.
Getting extremely excited about going to #NAMM2012 this year. I have lots of things I want to see!
Hearing stories of cold, impatient photographers blows my mind. TIP: Your photographer should be friendly & engaging during your shoot!
Guv not noting retailers who have ceased fwrks sales ... and asking others 2 follow 'by choice' ... is a big miss.
My epic travel plans to get home to Trenton tomorrow now involve two planes, a train, two shuttles, and a bus.
Guns don't kill people; death kills people
Tell ya old boyfriend skate girl cause a nigga dont play them x games
The Situation is at BEACH BUM TANNING EAST BRUNSWICK!!!
Courthouse Fri @ 1:30pm for release of James Stewart: C.F. Criminal Justice Center, Division 30 210 West Temple St, Los Angeles, 90012
will be Interviewing Max Brooks in 15min, SEND YOUR QUESTIONS!
Watched Friday the 13th for the first time tonight. Super dug it. Interesting techniques all around. Still had the ability to surprise me.
that's our Stan!
I love this online fabric store! Affordable and so many choices.
I thought Ryan was mexican at first lol
These late night texts be wanting me to walk to her house and give her my all
Good idea. Tx.
Hi pretty! I miss you so so so much we need to hangies soon!
I MISS YOU TOO 💔
we need less gathering and more hunting from TJ
Some people should just go away...
Bright side of things tonight is that Boston has won the Stanley Cup!!!!! Please help! Rerouted to SAV when do I get to ATL?
Hey can you listen to us?? wed really appreciate that :)
Toast SLIS Director Christine Pawley's many achievements at her retirement party TONIGHT from 4:30-7 @ SLIS Library. Congrats, Christine!
Only the strong survive and we are the strong #diamondteam join the team
1436: hey! I dont know u, and we dont talk but you should tweet me! Love ur name!
I love my men!!!
#hth2012 Yan: authorities having a harder time managing national discourse on heritage, but Net also reinforcing nationalism (bottom up)
we may or may not be giving away a gift certificate to Kustom Thrills in our next contest... tell !
no this love is better oh and i might be on the voice nxt season so i'll be right by him and i met him at a consert
; LOVE my Amex Car buying program!
I was going to estimate, but I had no idea. Boo.
I thought some of my followers were sleeping on Gospel music, very glad to hear they're not! Beautiful, beautiful music.
(C) is for coffee and coffee is for closers. Answer C: Movies!
Congratulations to Auditor Dorrian and the City of Columbus for maintaining a Triple-A Credit Rating!
smack yourself if you're missing the 66 fights, airing right now, live on !!
Common’s 'The Dreamer/The Believer' -- Love It!
Arrogant people have the most to hide.
got back from church camp yesterday already miss it
" Today is the 195th birthday of A H Layard." Awesome! Celebrating by cramming for my Mesopotamian Art midterm! :D
Ugghhh I'm suppose to be off tonight👊
I would straighten my hair on the foggiest day of the week...wtf
All i want for my bday is.... for to RT this or follow mee(: its on wednesdayy(:
RT Planet in Focus 11th International Environmental Film & Video Festival begins today in Toronto. planetinfocus.org
Miss not getting chance to network...look forward to San Antonio... another reason to do TCEA it aligns w ISTE next year
atleast yours work and mine never had it -.-
my boo is on her way back!!
that's nice object lesson for anyone who asks "Why not get RMS to speak at our event? He said he'd be happy to do it!"
Looking for freelance web designers and freelance programmers. Know anyone? Message us. Thanks.
This Friday in Theatres: Puss in Boots 3D..We want your feedback!
Walking home in the rain right now.
can't wait to see you nether babe.
Robbie Cano's bat is slowly coming to life!
Glad we're back in good graces :-)
I'm glad I just walked out of the bathroom with my skirt tucked into my tights. That's hot.
Dustin Brown the lisper
After seeing my little girl with bleeding burns on her bum.. I won't do it to the next little one.
Best one on the show so far tonight.
I just finished a 3.22 km run with a time of 19:11 with Nike+ GPS.
#TeamHoneyBadgers ended up running 206.5 miles in 29 hours (yes there was an unplanned 3 mile detour)
Can't Wait For The Firework Display At 9:00. So Excited!. <3
And that's right I'm the one that's tattooed on his arm.
I keep all of them in a database - first and last
:( that sucks when you do tho we will have lots of doggie dates haha
THANK YOU THANK YOU!
Why should we live with such hurry and waste of life? We are determined to be starved before we are hungry
details? Is it a photo shoot?
A lesson in "don't waste the pretty" today! Appreciate your beauty - no matter what anyone else tries to tell you! Or I'll kick their ass.
same 2 u.
don't come yet!!! We haven't even gotten started with food! Call me if u can.
just got home, what a day!
Do yourself a favor and get a copy of Symphony Crack's CD 'The Addiction' on iTunes!
Yes U Do Bro :)
thanks! Tough days and freeing days! Never the same and forever changed! Xo
It feels weird to be Brady's bitch.
go look at my last couple of tweets
Lillian Hellman~ I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this years fashions.
Follow my personal twitter if you aren't already come say hey! =)
tonight! So excited!
trust me, if I didn't have my current WIP - I'd totally do it. I loved doing it last year.
don't worry-- everyone posted really grainy and impossible to see pictures.
u is a RAT
Mom : Miracles are almost impossible to happen.
Can anybodii hear me? *no one Listens* ...
How can you not love Carlos Gomez? Haha I wish he was a great everyday player.
False. It was wonderful. What are they supposed to do?
Thanks! How do I look with a scowl and picket sign? Complaining about Apple feels very natural to me. I bet I seem very casual.
We become wiser by adversity prosperity destroys our appreciation of the right.
Dear sinuses, I swear to god if you start getting all congested I will personally rip you out of my face. I can't afford to be sick.
Enjoying composing music. Two exciting new commissions this season!
Thinkin about her wondering if she thinkin bout me too....
exactly he's the enforcer I like the beef of okc Ibaka perk if healthy collision and even Aldrich and Mohammed vs la bigs
This makes it very difficult for third party or independent candidates to ever to make much of a showing in the Electoral College.
that alyssa chick needs to go take a nap!. she cant sing im sorry #nohate austin was hot and amazing as always! ~selena♥
Let that one warm up... so good, so spicy!
Thank you
have fun! I went last month and it was great. Don't forget a jacket because it's really windy out there!
Wearing open-toed shoes today? Freshen up ur feet with a pedi at Adara! $50 for a facial/pedi combo during ! *617-227-5499*
I'm chilling and you
Oh man, I'm excited!
Dear bus driver, you're a jerk and I won't let you ruin my thanksgiving. I know how to load a bus. I've spent 6 summers at corps so calm it
It makes me sad when I see more potential in you than you see in yourself....
Yes! Lionel was great with Luke, loved "Easy"
Head down workin' today!
that's horrible...
I'm not a fan of facts. You see, the facts may alter, but my opinion will never alter, no matter what the facts are.
Watching NBA TV and your reaction on the Dwight/SVG situation is too real. I'm glad somebody is being honest our there
I'm so annoyed with you .
Lmao!! " Oh look it's vodka o'clock!
Being curious is one thing, being nosey is another. Your neighbors should not pester the movers for deets on comings/goings.
thank a bunch!
hope you can lay down and get some rest *hugs*
we'll see.
yes we have....thank u very much...
May your life be like toilet paper... Long and useful
Didn't know insurance had a taste
My sister literally said "god hates gay people" really loud here at chillis. wow
Austin ur so conceided now, u say u love ur fans us #mahomies but u only tweet the fans tht send u things in the mail:'(
Am I the only one who remembered today is Madison's birthday...?
Can we trade KRod to Cleveland for LaPorta and Brantley?
A great point. How does it benefit the museum AND the visitor both are important Qs.
well it repeats a lot after that, so... New song!
So I'm going to listen to K-Pop and take K-Pop quizzes. lol Goodnight Seouls~
Power is back on. After they just sent an email saying no classes in this building, expect another one saying JUST KIDDING classes back on!
it would make my night if you would please please tweet me back <3333
but thats what the internet a a printer is for!!!:D
RT : Should the bottom line be money, or love? The way we answer that determines how we organize human civilization.
Vanilla ice must have done Alicia keys hair tonight
Badgers offense is looking pathetic, no inside game.. no driving... too many threes... no patience.. what is going on??????
Man the truth is too much
probably because you went to a catholic school
The Oscars are showing how a medium can become irrelevant. Would rather watch Ed Sullivan reruns on YouTube.
is being mean
Damn while im biting my lip
Come check me at 1 touch barbershoo
: work sucks can I go with you?
Oh, your boyfriend of 5 days just broke up with you?
I just want summer </3
"Lol..: Why white people in scary movies be like "GEE GOLLY WHATS OVER THERE?" ? ? Nigga if i hear a noise im outta tha
we are only given today and never promised tomorrow. so tell someone you love them before it's too late.
Microsoft Reshuffles Management To Better Compete With Apple
Mighty macs:)
when you hit your elbow on the edge of a table and get that tingly feeling in your arm.
#wordoftheday Add the right amount of hot sauce to a batch of crawfish etouffe to make it delightfully piquant. - Thanks Bob!
I don't even know
that is disgusting!
Oh! I like the way you think!
#Youknowyourbrothersgay when he asks you what clevage is....
Go Pens!
its great bro, there's an app for everything! How are you liking yours?
#youwereCuteUntil the lies starting to mount up higher than my laundry
Right now is where I miss the Durango most
guess you missed out on Living Windows tonight in #JCMO. bummer for you.
Oil Kings score again with just seconds left in the first period. 2-0 lead over the Winterhawks in Game 7.
I spend far too much time on the internets. :|
omg give me a gun.
I SPY NIPPLE
Does anyone actually think the hit by #Ovechkin on Girardi is even remotely similar to the #Giroux hit on Zubrus??
Musing for the day: "Health is an opportunity to serve. Wealth is an opportunity to share." - Michael Bernard Beckwith
"Why does the thing outside your school say "b day" I think today is a great day it's an A day in my opinion." Haha my dad
is crafting a very special record rite now. Can't wait to watch it come together..
I Hate My Face
RT “: Facebook's been hacked by a porn virus. So until this clears up, don't poke anybody without a condom.”
killin time till tonight, chillin with bushman his woman, kswag and Jbriss :D
yeah. I'm excited!!!!
The National Association of Realtors tells us sales rose 5% to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 4.61 million in December!
hes that n even MORE :D
“: you don't text me.. i understand.. you don't call me.. i understand.. when i move on you better understand” :(((((( babe
Dear Senior Partner, Is management putting pressure to push your clients down to younger partners? Be wary of doing so without a guaranty.
Aw mane...
It's lunch time and my computer is getting fixed. What am I doing? Going to Makes me think of
Consider this tip when quoting...don't just quote Ben Franklin again....take Ben's and upgrade it! Quote yourself!-
Excited for the great presenters at the NYC mobile tech meetup next week!
That's what I sort of figured. I know you pull data from their site ... It's probably taking a wrong turn in Albuquerque.
Ah, I forget that Twitter is a black hole of information. Getting off now.
Happy Halloween to all! Remember to also set your clocks back an hour tonight! And I still need to post screens of the Tank Dempsey Sim >_>
I just earned the Statesman badge on #Yelp!
Will You Peg Me?
If you are in Paris, Tn and want some amazing pizza, stop in at the Pizza Kitchen!
I'm sure the grass will be greener whenever it stops raining on me. #Umbrella?
#TagTuesday!!! Tag us and we'll tag you back!!!!
Evey lane I get in seems to have traffic...but every other one is flying...WTF
"Four short words sum up what most successful people do above the crowd: They did all that was expected of them and a little bit more."
Another song! :)
This organised thing is getting to me now - keep buying things for stuff months in the future! #Why?
RT : haha me neither! I wasn't even on FB 3 years ago! Neither was I!
So sad Dick Clark dies at 82 one of the great entertainers!
purpledoor is all inside this year!
We just met with an awesome graphic designer to update our blogs and web sites. Contact her at
both b**** niggas
U shocked all of us! Now we need u on a track with 2 gangsta bitchz!! Watch out now!!
stop is a sweet guy leave him alone , stop trying to draw attention to yourself.
RT : "as society we would be at loss if someone was too intimidated to share their thoughts. "
Thanks so much Megan
ReggaeOneLove is down! No Songs playing.
What I just read...
sleep my peeps...
I'll follow you!
#ThatsReal when you have the person your in love with mention name on your twitter bio...
Jamie Moyer has now faced 9% of all players who have ever batted in #MLB via
Aw now you all wet RT : Try Just standing in the rain....it can be very relaxing...a lil cold though
Bridget Clementi, our director of community health, would enjoy speaking with you. Her phone number is 414-337-7798
Doritos Crash The Super Bowl ad finalists prove you can't go wrong with kids, dogs and slapstick.
My dog snores louder than anyone I've ever met. For such a tiny pup, she sure makes a lot of noise.
Did you leave for another insurance co? If so, can I ask you who you went with? Looking around myself.
Next week I'm NYC & Philly Tues/Wed. End of week works best!
Control. Control it gyal. Control it gyal
thanks for the RT. And seriously, keep up the great work.
Boys basketball: Wilsonville's to sign his letter of intent to play for Regis University in Denver, a D-II school.
Mitt Romney's like a walking time capsule.
yes, I spent lots of money at whole foods & am enjoying the results of that splurge.
miss you!
Very powerful steak at hugo's in chicago. i put it on your tab.
What the fuck.
Attempting to rapidly finish cooking for Sabbath.
Please try out my new Chicago-based app, Cash back rewards & donations to charity on every swipe! No coupons, printouts or cards!
#MentionYourCrush my better half the only half to complete me :) <3
I'm bored
Big dreams is my shit
$1 bowling nite! While im on the clock lol
Traded up to get Ronnie Hillman. Can be mad as a and fan!
Any way we could do 4 or 4:30? I have someplace to be at 6. Or... Thursday's open.
#deadisland is one beast of a game
Confidence is what you had before you knew better – Mark Twain
It's okay there is no deadline for such a great piece.
My guess since they're cut from the same cloth, Obam/Rom are both cordially invited to Bilderberg this month.
Any song in a Dell commercial should be sung with an Indian accent
dinner at maders N old world 3rd st later? GERMAN FOOD
Last period..
i had a good day was at the bustop with my girls GG, ,and then when i got home my bf came over was soo happy
U don't love me u just love my reverse cowgirl!
"Digital Natives? Digitizing & Decolonizing Indigenous Cultures": DeLucia says, "we're located today on Nipmuc land."
Happy 32nd Birthday. Hope you have a beautiful day.
Some people have to climb up from below the surface to make it to the top...
oh crap, somebody better go and, make sure Joey O. doesn't do anything drastic...
": #1DCuteFact: In the "One Thing" video , Harry and Louis are wearing the same shoes."
and... played us back-to-back along w/ Great Company - DC's own. What a blessing!
#HappyHumpDay !!! Hope you are having a superb day.
oh sweet
Haters gonna hate, some people at our school are childish haha
New year. New beer.
V.Lambardi The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but a lack of will.
Tuesday afternoon?
Thanks for the RT--thrilling for me to be read by more than a few dozen people!
"Think about what it means for a young Latina girl who sees a Secretary of Labor who looks just like her." Obama on Solis at
I think my fave is Shady. But it changes every 2 seconds.
There's something about doing laundry that always makes me add clothes to the 'to-swap' pile...
done having this never ending war with you.
Not putting up today's #husbandmorningshower song in worries of revenge.
Nice day on the set of game over The kids had a great time Thanks Guys It was Awesome
Definitely! I won't be there too long but I'm going to try to catch everyone.
Great news! McNally's Tavern, home of the Schmitter, donating a Schmitter season long package to our auction March 3 at !
Rest. When you are struggling with your mind the most important remedy is increased rest
Lots of good reading on Twitter but have to practice. At least I have my hymnal marked for tomorrow. Getting music organized 1/2 the battle.
": An you have , the sexiest WR in the league ;)" he is a babe isn't he haha
Plans 4 the evening simple have a nice quiet evening with my lady. #GrownManBusiness#
You've also been silent on city atty not required to live in CV. Jentz's Prop C still doesn't fix that. U don't seem to mind
Guru, yes; professor, no.
all i can say is that it was enchanting to meet you<3
Hey why dont U wanna go see the Rund? are you too tired from all that AWESOME Detroit Kid Rock music? or r you saving for ICP?
I'm not hanging with u next week now
I know he probably wont see this... but can u please follow me???
Appreciate the folo...see you at the movies!
Barnacle Buds: Laid back atmosphere, great patio, cheap drinks and food specials. Pig roast on Satudays!
If you wanna see who your real friends are, f*ck up and see who's still there.
TLanez! I need your email bro! Need to send you some beats!!
Can't shake the feeling I forgot a meeting Friday, even though there's nothing in my calendars, phone, email, etc. Like a seed in my teeth.
Just got done watching Machine Gun Preacher. The movie is kind of similar to that Kony situation. Make you wonder outside United States
Cool commercial! WOW
You can't talk about guns, drugs, and killing, then be all like: "not guilty!!"
This project blowing me. -____-"
haha its not its stupid:)
naw idc about nothing can't make nobody mad who don't care about shit thank lashaun for that
BigUps to #LobCity on their game 7 win!!! Watching this Heat vs Pacers matchup .... Pretty damn even between these teams
Behold the power of twitter. is really nobody decided to tweet an inappropriate comment. Now everyone is talking about him.
A co-worker was nice enough to share a bag of Hibiscus Coconut Tea with me. This is what summer smells like!
DODGERS WIN!!!!!! You already know though
Is your marketing plan #effective?
Easy on the rain, Madame Nature. We have kickball tomorrow.
How many ET's have a Twitter account? How many of you are ET's that are disguised as Earth humans? Many ET's are very peaceful.
ctfu hell yes
Gig last night was amazing, thanks for the chat! (To refresh your memory, I'm the cake decorator that loves TesseracT, haha.)
email sent
Congrats to Jamie Moyer!
5.. Im Sure You Made That Up 😏
let me cater to you baby
Anyone in Richmond ever use a mobile mechanic service that comes to your house to fix your car? Reviews?
Working on my album. Summer project should be done by September.
And finally, we have a more diverse and multi-generational workforce in place requiring a new look to how work is accomplished.
Off to school to show off my new SEXAY smile!!!!
10:50pm on the treadmill at the gym, crying over a marriage proposal on the reality show I'm watching
The Cubs are bunting again.
looking forward to the night
S/o at my new followers n
Nothing is going to change. Deep down, you know that. You are wasting your time.
We hope you enjoyed this week’s Nostalgicon post. Who would you like to see next?
wait, jk, I love tweeting it's impossible to stop
I'm sure I'll get a text later sayin' "Omg, I totally just saw that you sent me this..."
that airport should be abandoned immediately!
Happy Hump Day everyone. Hope its as productive and gratifying as mine will be!
yay for you! that was an important selling point for me when changing jobs (that is, can i please keep some time on the desk…)
Who is the best Classical Music Composer ever?
Monday night! on #AmericasGotTalent!
me too! Cept there more kinda just really prints vs cool retro cuts. Blackmilk.com
Did you attend the Rock Hall's induction ceremony? What did you think?
they seem strong at that position already. maybe they have another area of need?
Lets start a WorldwideTrend -----------> #ThingsIBoughtForADollar Lets make it
I missed my Manson hoodie SO much. (:
looking for experienced Inside Sales reps for one of my clients in the Florham Park, NJ area (both in business development/account manageme…
I got so much money I should start a bank.
When you have to sneeze AND pee...bit the best feeling in the world...
100% agree. Although I can't stand either of them!
You may be a #highered researcher if you're excited that IPEDS released 2011 conferral data & that the BLS is will have new labor projs soon
Not much. Just living. How are you, old friend?
Sex pistol
Spring party? I dunno lol
you and kiana are only gunna be 3. Hours away from me and maia =)
Just woke up!
that would
wink wink
Ok, just finished watching Pastor Joel Preach about the kingdom. That was an ontime word, if i needed it!!! Thank you lawd!!! :)
The new PLO #PAD is fantastic!!! really gives you inside look at how pros analyze PLO hands. Love the line up. Superb action.
Thanks for letting us know!
lmao we have a purple people eater stuffed animal that sings, and it makes him scream, cry, and run haha
TREAT people the way YOU want to be treated! TALK to people the way YOU want to be talked to! RESPECT is earned NOT given !!
please keep live tweeting your Downton Abbey viewing. You say the things I keep to myself ( for lack of fellow viewers).
Take that, rewind it back, The Phantom's got the voice that make ya booty go *clap*! hah!
Fuck religious extremists. Suck my liberal cock.
To say this has been an ugly first period would be a bit of an understatement
A morning prayer: May your path lead you to peace and understanding, may your path cross mine so that we may share both with each other.
I'm tryna get tatted tonight!!! Who's down?????
Wuts the purpose of indie artist paying $35 per hr for studio time for 1 or 2 songs, put 18songs on a mixtape an then act to cool 2 sell it?
: I love anytime Moonstone and Songbird go at each other. They're two of the most underappreciated Marvel female characters.
WHERE U @ CUZZO?
I graduate May 30th a RT or ShoutOut from would be amazing!!
really?! so, who's strapping a microwave to their bike and providing the new lunch hotspot for downtowners?
can't get myself to get used to google calendar's new spartan look. the old one was much better
Love that the lady with the "hit it here"sign st the game just put up Kruk and Kuip on her sign!
The 3rd Foundation: Personal Concecration: consists of 3. attending weekly worship services
I wish you'd like me.
Really enjoyed 's Q&A chat today. Now intrigued by asteroid mining.
Don’t let the current economy slow you down. Start making plans for a brighter tomorrow by taking action today.
I want to go home & sleep. Lol my drunkness is going away & we want some tacos.
“Seattle City Light’s low-cost, reliable electricity is...one of the biggest reasons businesses choose to locate in Seattle." -Mayor McGinn
Awe. Thank you!!! :) ": You're gorgeous and so sweet I admire you. ♥”
Wait Nicolette tweeted me...
I hate people who use chainsaws next door when I'm trying to frickin' sleep..
haha yeah... guess it wasnt a big priority
Purchase any items from these 3 websites and 15% of ALL profits will go towards supporting The Weekend Edition of NM News & Views
and beer and a cheesesteak didn't really help. I just need to go to bed.
Oh shut your face. goodnight everybody!
I know what she want
here's my twitter so follow me maybe
We change for two reasons; either we learn enough that we want to or we've been hurt enough to have to.
Looking forward to it!
too many interesting projects going on. need to focus on my own.
Can it get worse? It can get a whole lot worse. If we blow it and elect Mitt Romney, we'll see just how bad it can really get.
yes, it is. good morning!!
report card??!?
AFFFredericksburg:Getting ready for our 1st nutrition seminar! Before pictures are ready to be picked up and bracelets are here
I have been working in field for 20+ yrs. I am starting my own HCBS agency. As a parent what qualities r most important to you?
The need 4 structure, routine, & control are considered positive attributes and strategies for people w/ASD. Funny: I like those 2.
All you're giving me is fiction, I'm a sorry sucker and this happens all the time.
stupid, immature, lack of respect, and a whole host of other ways to describe their actions. Again, fans really ones harmed.
Hell, just driving up Cantrell hill is hard!
The only way to reduce medical negligence is not by limiting the rights of those harmed--it's by reducing medical negligence.
I hate when lil queens bitch about stupid shit... Man up, dude!
or u don't wanna
I just followed back
#COSIGN! RT: Cotto gave a good fight
My requests actually shot up after I made that crack, so now I don't know what to do.
Congratulations to the USA Today's new publisher, Larry Kramer. Bought my 1st paper in Oct. 1982. Right journalist for future.
Happy mothers day too all of the moms in the world. Jaja
I WILL PAY YOU 50$ TO COME CUDDLE WITH ME PLEASE
hahahaha our life storied
Back to Oahu??
Dreams, ideas and plans are not only an escape, they give me purpose.
I'm gonna make you girl a hump day treat
How's everyone's #Friday morning going!? Hope you all have a nice and #productive day.
enjoy " Not a single Big Ten player taken yet. SEC seemingly every other pick."
I know everyone's watching the NFL draft but I know someone saw the clip of Pepa of Salt-N-Pepa performing at halftime of an NBA game
I love you <333 :)
It's my second time today.
Thanks for the like, Philip Bardi!! It's about time! :)
Hi Angie. I'm so sorry to hear about your experience here at METRO. I am hoping we can chat in more detail about it.
that and the resale of stolen batteries and razor blades, but the news is the raid, not the sales
i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you.....
New reality television show idea: The Dysfunctional Divorce Drama of Deion Sanders.
...and the winner is Dawn Geary from Mediaura! Congratulations Dawn, enjoy your prize!
hope there are more ups than downs Things are good for me heading to hawaii next month two finally finish shooting my project
Can anyone recommend a front-end contractor? I'm looking for help on a personal project.
Gummy worms are almost non existent in seoul korea airport! What the hell!
So the Heat are everything but a shoe-in for the Finals. And the West is going to have to fight almost every round just to have a chance...
what's up? How are you hun?(:
you say you text me back then you never do
A redesign might appear around 2012 for both the Navigator and the Ford Expedition, but don't bet on that just yet
Wow, I feel so flattered. AND both followed me on Pinterest. Pressure's on to deliver!
She sings amazing :)
Man I hate fireworks. I want to bite them but they are to damn fast
#Heartattack Violence Against Women Can Take Lifelong Toll : Study Title: Violence Against Women Can Take Lifelong Toll : Study Category: H
Three twenty two aye em
Message here "students do what's inspected, not what's expected" would not sit well with
lol I'm not worried your like a brother to me trust ya with my life haha I will bring it by tonight or tomorrow??
#Np Mateo- say it so
I know it's something that is often discussed but nothing is ever done about it. Here is another one of those instances. The drinking age..
I wish would go on twitter rampages all the time.
Where the fuck are my parentheses?
Mr. Don Kay himself of has nicknamed me "Smily"...I'll take it :)
& is proud to announce that will be our special guest on next weeks show! MORE INFO SOON.
I miss you too!!! Tell your mom happy mothers day!
Where to Download Free iMovie for Windows to Make a Home Movie
Exactly Ben! NY gave away too much to just cast away DeRo for Dax- DC is inferior overall but DC svc & wing play is better
I <3 my #GTD context-based Next Actions list. Just knocked out 9 phone calls in a row Woo Hoo!
thank you for joining us, did you try the new menu items?
Im feeling freaky right nw.
Anyone who says they love spring has never suffered from allergies
this one time at bandcamp
Great symposium on exec ed today at KSU, thanks and Dr. Janice Barrow, honored to be a part of the day.
The Things That Need Doing: A Memoir by Sean Manning
texted you!
Need to study late for finals? Thompson Library is open til 2 am March 12-16. SEL Library is open 24/7
Thanks for the #FF mention! come visit #SanDiego winecountry
Thx for the RT! Hope to see you this week in Boston @
gd these commentators suck fmj cock
I know people feel salty when no one replies to their tweets....
S/O to shootin the fair one! Am I right?
Union station, for all those who missed us on Monday, don't let the cold stand between you and a delicious taco, or better yet some soup
I miss licking it, I miss sucking it, I miss slurping the sticky wet juices off it. DAMN IT!! I wish I didn't drop my popsicle!!!
I demand Ecto Cooler
I love that place. I'm in desperate need of a nail appointment-can no longer do it myself! Have fun!
Gym sesh with 💪
Think Globally... Act locally...
I think Herman Cain can't take nein nein nein for an answer.
Ooh wow can't wait for the Avengers, looks great... So happy they are giving these characters the justice they deserve. DC please take note.
thanks Joel! We love you.
Grilling up some burgers then recording a few guitar tracks. Going to Thayer later. Couldn't be a better Sunday.
no prob! If you do the "Stag n Drag" let me know if you would like a DJ and we could work something out!
RT : lmao me and gon be clowning lol<<<wat i miss? <3 u guys too b.t.w
hush up
Keepin it Ras in Austin! Today we play at El Leon's Bar, 1910 E Cesar Chavez St
So ..?? Need some reasons buddy or is that an inside joke ?? “: Why do I hate so much?”
i can't wait to go to palmetto 😃
congrats on your move to the Jets! Good luck!
Ready to go - hosting Florida Roundup at 12noon on WLRN 91.3 Streaming live WLRN.org Thx , now go have another vacation beer!
Fun thing to do on May the Fourth: piss off shorts guys by asking them: 'aren't you a little short for a storm trooper?'
Why we love : RT : I just accidentally talked about taxidermied fetuses on live radio. BUCKET LIST.
We're open to any/all.
Missing my little Zoesters.
is rockin' the digital humanities hipster #thatcampva t-shirt today.
Yes sir! RT : what real talk
I just saw videos of and a can on a date and I realized ill never meet him :'(
Please follow me !
Thank you! I'm always more comfortable in a place once I know a bit of the ecological and geological context.
So I just found out that they are making a movie about Jeff Buckley!! >>> #Excited!!!
And what a beautiful it was
go home drama free is da way to be!
I've thought that more than once when catching a segment I wanted to hear on your show :)
I am a former Boston girl now living in northeast CT
It's amazing what people can do with old episode clips, music and a really good video editing program.
i got to see my boyfriend yesterday as well. :) and i can't since I'm in class! D:
Whoa. Don't hurt yourself.
@ that good Greystone Manor wit my guys and bout to make a movie in this thing! U hear me!
i guess someone took my second to the last tweet the wrong way...? lol
I am confident that Marlee Matlin will grasp quantum superposition by the end of this film.
Thank you to everyone who came out to the show Thursday night. It was beyond amazing! I was in heaven. Big hugs to you all.
: That's what I'm talking about!
sure thing my man! check out the songs and hit us back (:
oh, exciting...where did you find that?
Me and the recorder go way back
Carrot Cake?
I follow - very interested in seeing that doc!
Life isn't easy..
i made the mistake of sitting down at the computer before making coffee and then just got sucked in.
Don't make me hurt you.
#prsun will be at the St. Patrick's Day Parade tomorrow in NYC.
you're always logged in on my phone. Why? I don't know.
When it comes to tweeting, Bold Universe has developed quite an affinity for MyTweeple, CoTweet, TweetMeme and HootSuite
not much
Dude...just say no. It is TOTALLY worth the 6 year old meltdown at Target.
Come get your 'late night snack on' at w/ !
Oh, ok
what I'm in your dreams. I knew you liked me
texted me C;
Deven Hester don't pass drug tests. He returns that for a touchdown! Then, kicks the extra point, plus pisses in the cup like Noah!
She speaks the truth!!
I had many, many tweets and now they're all gone. Anyone know where they went and how to fix it? #twitter #tweet count
Soft Kitty, Warm Kitty, little ball of Jenny.
oh yea, I could eat four bags of sour gummy worms or sour patch kids in a sitting easily
Lunchtime panel on southern foods, small farms, organic cakes, and cookbooks.
Congrats on a new book. It's a great feeling.
This is going to be fun!! We can't wait to see you wearing the Captain's Hat :)
oh my god. How did I not know?!
What's the definition of an accountant?Someone who solves a problem you didn't know you had in a way you don't understand.
So True RT : How do you scale online courses that don't stink? Uninspired lectures posted online are still uninspired
saw another person leave the work bathroom with toilet paper stuck to their shoe. made sure not to tell them because I'm evil like that LOL
After staying in a motel in Kanab for two days I am praising the Lord that I can sleep in my own bed tonight.
damn nigga are you trying to claim blood?
RT : Anyone interested in subleasing my house this summer in Muncie let me know! Great house, great location. Ask for more ...
“: #napo2012 spending time with my "species" :)”lol species..love it!
Apparently homos have nest where we lay eggs in microwaves.
Bonamour CEO Nathan Halsey will be in Irvine, CA June 30th, don't miss opportunity to see him speak on Bonamour at Hyatt.
I was gonna go to a shoot then i got high... just playin'. I don't smoke. was a hilarious tune but peeps didn't like
Well played on making Ankiel into an adjective!
": Greek business leaders launch ads including "www.greeceischanging.com" website. Only thing on it so far: "Coming soon.""
#FF she's a Ram fan and likes the Office! She was on the bad girls club but head slapped one of the girls and got kicked off
Is it true? Wolfgangs Vault has a 1968 Newport Folk festival performance of...Tim Buckley? YES!! To be released this Tuesday! Get in line!
Anyone know of any potential funding for starting a private practice?
Good for you! That's legit. It's tough but after the first 3 days you've eliminated 85% of the challenge
Only gods knows
Thanks to Bonnie North and for the chat about #SexyResults this morning. Looking forward to hearing it on the air next week!
U.S. Geothermal Provides Corporate Update
you gay really or is it a April fool joke? 😨
baby steps. no pun intended.
Learning tips on maximizing LinkedIn from David Fisher (D. Fish). Some good stuff...
Corp that support charities, esp those that help families in need, THANK YOU #SWANK n
Brewers win it! Milwaukee's about to explode!
They're playing Bad Medicine...we lost Swift to the zombie-state-inducing lead guitar licks....damn it.
We'll miss you--next month!!
Damn what a day! I'm definitely being put to the test but I got this!
Just rode a camel with , that ish cray.
"One's first step in wisdom is to question everything - and one's last is to come to terms with everything." Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
Since when did people start referring to their bodyguards as "boyfriends"?
RT : The Great ID Challenge has begun! Starvine 10
man a full 2 chapters b4 a made it 2 that pic
My twitter is being dumb
So do you actually get on here, or do you have other people do it...?
That's my coffee mug! And I'm about to go there to get supplies for the next project (painting).
oy - sorry it took forever to get back to you - we work with voice-over artists from all over the world, depending on demand
yea u can...download the album->move to folder->then play the songs and theyll open in ur iTunes..then jus draggem to ur iPod
you have to cuz everybody ain't who they portray to be
Cache or storage tier, where is the disruptive technology.... it all looks like what we have been doing in storage forever.
what up wwe champion you going beat albertio del rio on monday night raw
who wants to help me build a newletter for emarketing?
oh my god, them girls were JAMMING to Brittany Spears lmfao
I am Twitter official with Glen now. Just sayin.
Wining and dining in So. Tampa tonight.... Wearing trendy socks ya dig!
My goals are:finalize my target list & ROCK my auditions for & so I'll be known by my target list!
Yes....on Palladia it's a Gorillaz par-tey!!!
Fork remains upside down the majority of the time
My white neighbors looked confused when I moved in, If they ask I'm say I play for the Giants or Jets just cuz lol
Q: What did the blonde say when asked what the last two words of the national anthem are? A. Play ball.
I love living next to train tracks, Idk how but the sound of the train passing helps me go to sleep. It's not as loud as you would think.
Hangin' out with a spontaneous and truthfully sincere girl a
I forgot how much I HATE Art Model.
will be right there.
dont know of another way to do it!! :-)
We are producing new book: Science Ink by Einstein, Darwin, math, dinos, space. Can we send you an advance copy?
two sweet, smart and funny friends; and
it was, but left with a ton of sauce.
Wynonna is in the house! Pops fans, what are you most looking forward to about tonight's concert?
Thank you for your support!
Thanks for following. I now look forward to your Tweets!
praying all is well.
NBA commissioner David Stern recently indicated that "flopping" is a big concern bc it's designed to deceive the refs. May implement a fine.
Obstacles are essential for success because victory arrives only after many struggles and numerous defeats.
does an impromptu acapella cover of Viva Las Vegas. And the crowd goes wild. U don't get this !
On to the next one...": Out with old, in with new. Colts removed the giant Peyton Manning banner from Lucas Oil Stadium today."
Come on!
May 16 is Wear Purple 4 Peace Day. We’ll clean 1 purple garment/FAM free when u drop off Wed. Just mention to CSR. No suede/leather.
Tryna change my ways
Next 10 people to follow gets a personally shout from me .
The Biebs is up next:)
no school today :D
Any of them :)
cool, up at 5 am.....this would be a great hour to start everyday except I know that i'll be sleepy again in an hour...grrrr
Pardon our dust! Stop back in 12 weeks and you will be shocked at how ridiculously amazing looks!
I would destroy
A dirty book is rarely dusty. ~Author Unknown
hi sexy(; LOOL!
Starting off Sunday morning with some fat rips of Super Oasis OG. Irie!!!
Girl I know ur tired bc you've been running through my mind all day
: RT : My personal backstage #beauty will involve
wow you put the government name on here?
PS--the lake creature is a local, giant public art piece that travels from lake to lake in Mpls--Boundary Waters aren't far away.
#goodideasforcities 6 mid-size cities get the program. Cincy's 1 of them.
You're too kind! I hope the study inspires fishing managers to rethink their guidelines.
1925-The #Warner Bros. Moving Picture company merge with Vitagraph and begin experimenting with fixing #sound on to
Sophia Loren - she's still so fierce and beautiful at 77!
"Professionals SORT, amateurs SELL"
Go natural
#Vizzda tracked ~$2B of #CRE in #Maricopa County in Q1. Interested? Follow for #timely, #comprehensive & #verified data!
I want to see Demi Lovato this summer but I don't know who I would go with:(
MF Global...Why isn't John Corzine (the CEO) in jail? They smuggled over $1B in customer funds out of the US.
Merry Christmas to my wife
