What to do when you’re wrong: a) admit you’re wrong, b) make adjustments, c) move along. |
Finally watching Sherlock: A Scandal in Belgravia on PBS! I freaking love this series.
Really? Chicago feed?
Bright perfect!
also I'm not the other
I enjoy that show as well. O you got ur pickle. :-)
that was funny
what do you think about this Joe Paterno situation?
>when the lady in line at hollister spends $300 & doesnt understand english...
that's so true. Just a little push on the comfort zone makes a big difference. That discomfort must be the change zone ;-)
Miss ethiopia didn't get her visa so she won't be competing for #missworld 2011!
Have you ever loved someone so much you would do anything for them in life? I love someone this much
We like to showcase creative teaching: Alexandra discussing her service-learning QR code proj w/ the 5th grade. Used to get others involved!
Uh, I failed tonight's lesson in pain management. Only beer can flush the lactic acid out of my legs.
That should be game right there.
blah blah blah
Christian Bale, you're laying on the accent pretty thick. Can't you just act American, like, always?
well good for you!(:
aren't i jus behind in updates. busy, busy, busy!! but... doing very well, today is a GREAT DAY... Visit http:/www.pinkpages2go.com Today!
you have cat to be kitten me right meow -_-
Boy, you my temporary high.
No twitter from work allowed
still hungover from friday....ugh!!!
Nice costumes #Chargers, I almost thought you were football players for Halloween.
On 3/14 (10% off day), from 9 am to 3 pm, Borlind's Gloria Frankie will be at the Co-op for skin care consulations. Plus, all Borlind...
Seahawks got a win!!
#NP In the Morning by J. Cole ft. Drake
yeah yeah I'm comin
P.S......bring granny with you LOL
Thank you ! We miss you in Chicago!
well..it makez me sorta sad that i <3 him so much and i sent him my link to check it out and he didnt even look at it ..):
If the #Bills really want to sign a Vince, they'd be better off with the Sham-Wow guy.
Happy Fathers Day to all the Dads out there! I'm going to dinner with my oldest son and his lady tonight! Chicago has SO many restaurants!
hey can u dm me ur # pls need some things from u
Trust.... is like a piece of paper... Once it's crushed, it cant be perfect again.
ha! It's warm enough to run suga!! LOL I am soo glad you are at Community Covenant! Pastor Luke is amped about that!
you rock Kevin!
I know this is odd but... can everyone that sees this take a second and pray for my bff Liz's mom who is having surgery on May 18th...
Fells point ghost tour - scary!
Thinking of starting a blog documenting suspicious movement/displacements of abandoned plastic baby stroller outside. That's just spooky..
"Ben Handelman followed you." Wise choice.
Favorite beauty secret is drinking enough water. Keeping yourself hydrated inside and out keeps you looking and feeling young.
WOO!! ima be on channel 15 news!! but thts cuz i passed by the cam as they were recording.lmao :P
Thank you both! We're working on setting up some shows, so keep an eye out. Details coming soon.
False. Mayo free.
Joseph Graham from American Chemical Society Publications, just introduced grid view to mimic browsing print pubs
Sounds delicious RT : My favorite summer recipe is Chips w/ Quacamole, Salsa & Camarones (Shrimp) ceviche
Now its going to be a long week.
yeah!! Well my parents lived there & that's where they met & my brother was born there too. :)
Except chess.
thank you Butch!
A bad combination. Sounds like pregnancy symptoms.
I hope you get feeling better soon. You sounded terrible on
amen! I'm counting down the hours, too! Can't wait for some sunshine ad warm weather!
Thank you so much! Don't get sick of it :P
I love my music scene - jamming to if you don't live in Portland, you are really missing out.
Thanks 2 everybody that support my music, I really appreciate yal I wiill keep it coming an, I also will keep yal up on all the latest music
I'm asking what am I doing here here here
Three words: Constant Growing Audience
CAL offered to play EVERY year at Lucas Oil... 50,000 fans 50/50 How is that not great? Large venues =
It is amazing to me to come from Park City, Utah w sub freezing temps to California where I camped out last 2 nights in redwoods & Mount Tam
Night Club Singer and Recording Artist (Frank Tony style) send you some free recordings mp3. just message me your e mail address. ENJOY J
Such a pleasure meeting F2F in Charlottesville at today's World Peace screening
The worst part about being lied to is knowing you weren't worth the truth at all to that person.
You will count my toilet over my cold, dead ass cheeks!
the AB Causeway and I now have a love/hate relationship.
Nice to meet you, Kirk.
My sister just went into labor!! Can't wait to meet my nephew.. come on justin william!! I'm going to be an auntie!! :p
Well, that was a huge improvement; I thought I had bricked this server. At least it's back to failing more successfully.
The Abelisaurus, glancing up from its bloody meal toward the massive incoming meteor, roared might'ly to the skies: TENURE.
Thank you for the RT
Thanks for the follow Sara. If you want any promotional help (such as an interview) let me know.
so your vote is for duo?
hard haha mmhmm we go exercise
Everybody Yeah Rock your body Yeah Everybody Rock your body right Backstreet's back, alright Alright
Saw and Barry working out on the Lakeshore trail over the lunch hour. Made me excited for Big Ten Football this weekend!
Now I know why. #Ihatewinniethepooh RT : "He has poor worth ethic" -Will about Winnie the Pooh
Finally found a jicama!
Dont give me a hug if I dont know you, makes me uncomfortable.
Movie recommendation is Irene Cara in "Fame"
dunnoo, been a while since I used it :c
Sally Ferreira receiving business cards from GSEA Group - she's currently a contestant on Model Latina :)
but shit man its been a LOT o' shit goin on ima hit you up tomorrow to fill you in completely
I'm not a Literalist, I believe the story has a deeper meaning to complex to discuss here, but in the end..cont
i wish i could finish everything with eh?
o, that's a tough one! I err on the keep side because I have a small inclination toward hoarding. So don't listen to me.
Any other day I would be highly upset that its 6 and I'm up but nope that rain does wonders had the best sleep
This Movie<<<<<
no, this wasn't about you. it was about almost everyone, in general.
Tina Fey SNL verdict: better than avg SNL, but wasn't very Tina-centric at all. There was Tina-riffic bit in Weekend Update though.
Aw. my poor auzzie. Whats up? Well you know its good and then its good. so. no complaints.
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act. ~ Truman Capote
... my Tweetdeck columns and start over, so I resist. :-) Did you catch any of the USA P C Challenge?
Thanks for sharing your near death experience with me, from now on you should listen to my advice about the ghetto.
i honestly love you to death! you are like my twin & bestfriend! i couldn't do this without you qirly! you're amazinq! <3
Another 9am start again tomorrow. Let's just open already LoL
Instead of kicking ass and taking names it's "I want some soup" any other pathetic idiots too?
There is some action in our November issue - they are hot off the press, we will head over this afternoon with some copies!
no its not.
Did you try the link and were you able to go directly to the funny part?
love Restoration Hardware- you're the sweetest! Thanks for sharing!
She gets the guys I like, she gets the part I want in shows, she gets into choirs I don't get into, and she can go fuck herself.
Just tapped, Black Diamond Brewing Jagged Edge IPA (replaces Single Wide IPA)
So proud of you ! First show of many more to come! Can't wait to see you in New York!
i only just finished setting up the bed... Looks like this is going to be a long night.
Why don't sheep shrink when it rains?
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 30
Dear God, please help me to recognize the truth about myself, no matter how beautiful it is. ~Alan Cohen
#schoolmemories the balloon hat guy and MySpace . Only will understand
And if you love the song, make sure to stop by our stickam tonight at 5:30 for an exclusive acoustic performance!
The award for Most Amazing Eyebrows goes to Jean Dujardin!
Bball Team Camp Registration is going strong! Over 150 teams and 11 states currently represented!
From THE genius of advertising, Fairfax Cone, "Advertising is what you do when you can't go see someone."
Wish I were able to do that more often.
He's Spiderman.
Thank You! <3 RT : Follow , and , they are awesome and I'll give you a shout-out!!
#ThingsEminemTaughtMe that I'm not alone, and I can holla if I feel like I've been down the same ROAD c':
My life is never dull. I'm actually living my dreams tho. I wish this for everyone. We're meant to live like this.......maybe
Reading The Hunger Games series. Definitely lives up to the hype.
#Awkward when someone right infront of you is walking the same speed, and going the same way. =O
good maybe just feeling sick idk if i'm really sick or something else
& poof your gone! Where did u go?
thanks for the follow :) hope you are well!
Eating a delicious birthday cupcake from Swedish Bakery - thanks TK!
Time to spend those new Raven Dollars. How about warming up with a Andes Mountain Hot Chocolate? Hurry before it's gone!
yep, the thing rips out and drags behind you for miles while you wonder 'what the hell is that noise'
Heh. Me too. First lawn I've mowed in years. Actually, I taught Sarah how to mow. Good skill for a 12-year-old. :-)
whoo hoo, good deal! I was late turning the game on, rewarded with scoring instead of free beers.
Can't stop laughing
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho lie, steal, act like assholes after 1 drink and generally suck. I know far too many o these ppl
And seriously, Kuechly top ten? Everything else is just icing
Cute Kid(s) Alert! Kingston & Zuma Rossdale Have Family Fun Day at the Zoo (PHOTOS) Instead of visiting Santa, the Stefani-Rossdale famil
<3 Chinese Room. Inspiration to all gamers and designers who aren't impressed with the current status quo of games.
A lot of articles about Python on ycombinator lately. That's encouraging.
much better.
LOL. I know what you mean. I'm fairly private online when it comes to my deep thoughts, but this needed to be written
'Austin is a 16 year old singer who lives in Miami' Thats going to take a while for getting used to <3
Saw the new pictures and you look very stunning! :)
You can just go ahead and count on me tweeting exclusively about cheese curds for the rest of the day.
Promoters, I'm currently taking bookings for November & December in TX, NM & CO. Still free for New Year's Eve, get at me!
Thanks Craig. Wild Cards are coupons in the Bucky Book. Pg 561 if you have one.
The lawyer n Florida who "won" a $500,000 settlement from the irs was NOT subjected to gun threats or check forgery, we were, we got nothing
Never forget 9.11.2001. Remember all those who died. Innocent people
wait your 44 too?
they were so good..
Gregory Issacs or DIE!!!
Agreed. Nothing goes better with food than Winos RT : I think and should join forces.
My first mothers day wuss the best.! Thank you two everyone who called n text me today I appreciate it.! :)
The Derby? Watched but didn't bet!
Can't wait to be a travelling employee just when I start to hate people, I get to leave
Why do you type like that...?
#Team Follow Back !! Follow my Cousin Dezzie-Muslim-Swaqq
go away.
No shave November
survived AWP. now to survive the transition back into reality where asking "are you a poet?" is somehow an insult.
Having one of those weird days where literally everyone I look at seems familiar
The breath you inhaled to speak the words that broke my heart; is the same breath when you exhaled God used to mend it. >truevoice
Just got 6 seasons of LOST explained to me in 5 min. You people got screwed.
When did you get on here?! Work is cool. How's everything? Miss you amigo!!!
I will take on the new week with a smile on my face and a great attitude!!!!!!!!!
grateful to announce my client, West End Press, has a new homepage (shock! awe!) 2-year-old content now vaporized http//www.westendpress.org
Minimum wage for servers in MO is $3.63/hr, not $7.25... Tips pay the bills...
If the implication is that he didn't look like he was headed to a job, it may well have been LenDale White.
Only in Tennessee can you find goats behind a BBQ restaurant.
Did you ever imagine what it would be like if your cooling system allow you to control temperature and air quality? Check out our website
Yep! Love it. That .one is Sundays
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height
This is wicked exciting guys....now I gotta do my hair
just ate. Had friend in town from MN. what looks good this week?
Going to sleep state test in the morning wish me luck goodnight
What is all this about the UK running out of petrol?
Writing about in a paper on #SacredHarp singing and the folk revival.
can I get a follow back?
thats for sure!!
Plan school not school planning
Chick asks me if I could move/change places for her study group ....
... the money you spent on KS projects wasn't going to go into savings or the landfill otherwise. It changed how you decided.
is signing timesheets.
RT : A star wants to see himself rise to the top. A leader wants to see those around him rise to the top. - Simon Sinek
just turned it on, thanks for the reminder.
Cincinnati bound. My first time there. Can't wait!
I think the world is just jealous of google because they are smarter than everyone
Los Angeles - DowntownMajor law firm; 3 to 6 years.
oh yeah I'm a balla at football!
side note look at the pic I was tagged on fb.... #shade! It's me first years in drag!!!! Lmao!
Bennett just sympathized w the board's decision to hire back 300 teachers: vosd.org/pVIV1J As policy decision, that risk maybe worth it
RT : 2 seperate issues, In the US, a book title, for example, isn't protected; perhaps it is diff. elsewhere, but I hope not.
“ "opponents of #MadisonPrep will clearly consider last night a victory." I'm an opponent&don't think it a victory. No one won.”
No! Bought the beautiful leather cafe bag back in stock & on sale. told it was delivered, days later told it's not in stock. :(
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
Yum, their woodfired pizza sounds really good. :)
LMAO nobody noticed either huh???
#Oomf She only gave me notes on some lessons in precalculus not all of them, she is really trying to grind my gears
Tomorrow! Watch for updates from guest tweeter Shaun Smith, our Tournament Mgr & arbiter of the G-STAR RAW Chess Challenge! rwcc.g-star.com
: It's #MondayMood check in time. What does your "b" t-shirt say today? Mine: b clear.
preview of 3m cloud library set to roll out in 3/12. Sign up early for 3 yr commitment and get discount off $15k base price. Hm ..
cause they are innovators, game changers. I want to be them one day. I would want to be like Justin but I don't have the looks.
Yes, w/ good injury luck. Tho also depends on whether/how Utd/City/Chel strengthen.
Who wants to hangout downtown Portland tomorrow?
DIET: Add spice to your food. Spice helps us eat less.
Justin is always off when we trend something about him...
awesome! Im watching Downton. Totally in love with Matthew. :) Can't want for next season.
: chilling in yo lobby waiting to get this tech on...
I'm so weird.
Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold.
I'M SO READY.
Yup I'm gonna get old now :(
"Get that Chrysler off my lawn!"
I knew us say that! 😉
It's so nice our today!
Showers throughout the night, good for my garden. Cool cloudy morning. . . a very different summer this year. . .
please don't...
Thx! Give our meat & veggies a try--u might be surprised. Our produce ratings help u find the best of what's in season right now
t-__- RT“: Even when in dead serious, I make people laugh. That's my life. A joke.”
I'm sleepy but I can't sleep... Wtf?!
WTF are you talking about? You have 3 followers?
Cleaning up room ready for vlogging soon
Haha! For those who are friends with my on Facebook, please keep in mind that Nate doesn't hold back.
Listening to Oak Hills Schools talk about their BYOD eLearning initiative at the FSN K-12 Education Seminar
The home plate in a baseball game is 17 inches wide!
When I experience lack in my life, it is because I am giving my attention to the absence of what I want. Today, I focus on finding my joy.
that was two pretty evenly matched teams. Nice year.
Johnny Griffin, "Live in Cologne 1973" w/ Kenny Drew and Art Taylor. First time on CD. Where are they findings these gems? ?
AJ suited all in, guy waits till 1 sec left on clock to call with 10's it's only 5% of his stack...asshole! flop 7 9 J and of course 8 comes
Just borrowed that from my stepmom today. not too excited to read it anymore.
EMAIL HEADSHOTS AND RESUMES ONLINE INSTEAD OF WAITING UNTIL JULY 11TH. EMAIL TO: attn: casting dept.
hi Austin. How are you?<3
Thank you. I am folowing you.
Watching HBO movie "To Big to Fail" about the banking crisis ... really well done IMO
LEARNING SHOULD BE SOMETHING THAT OUR KIDS ARE ADDICTED TO: If they dread education then we are to blame not them
Man my left top of my wrist is all scarred. Eh
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa Weekend Special. Call NOW
i'm going to forward you precise lastest joint "shot's fired" off of the shots fired soundtrack.
"You can marry a turtle." -Bill O'Reilly
When coach says meet at the track, something dies inside me
remember like yesterday when that anon told me i'm too annoying to you and i should shut up and i just laughed for five minutes
Ahh! I love House Hunters and guessing which house they picked haha
oh okay:)
People must start feeding the poor hungry Walmart parking lot birds.
So much fresh music for #HurricaneOReillys tonight..one of the best Bar Scenes in #Boston.. - you already know
Keratin Straightening Treatment starting at $150 in October!!!!
In digital age, Reptar puts live show first - Online Athens
thanks for the retweet! have a great weekend
THANK YOU. I didn't recall seeing that there before.
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePricelessInMyLife my best friends!
Back on my feet after being knocked out by the flu. Need to take better care of my health, apparently.
Never know when Google will crawl resources - this can be an issue if you switch link resolver providers - Herrera
I doooont know.. ill have to ask my father.
Time to do the easiest thing in the world, a 500 word essay On why I wanna go to a college class(:
I am 6.. my mom runs my page... LOL.. Thanks so much.. I really appreciate it!!!
Crazy travel day but wonderful day.
didnt even know you were on til I saw your tweets on LinkedIn.
kinda wish Harris English's tee shot had hit that volunteer in the family jewels so I could've made the obligatory Al Czervik joke
let the hatters hate!!! Stay strong!!!
We'll be serving Pinkberry poolside at Franco's in #Mandeville today for Ladies Day Out!
The White Stripes on a good way to start a cold morning
that sucks, hope he's ok
Well I'm finally here
what's up Boogie? Watching that game today?
Alright. I gotta go now. I'll talk to you later. Love you. (:
I always knew Adele was gorgeous, but I had no idea she was silly and hilarious! Haha, you learn something new everyday. :D
it was awful
peaches & cream from
thanks for the followback! Check out my Tats in the future :D
-I never been so alone in my life...where did everyone go? :(
YOU MAKE THE CALL! Boston Celtics in the Playoffs 2012?
I got shampoo in my eye -_o
I'm scrapping everything I've been working on. Back to the drawing board for me!
More than you
Need new people to hang with
Expecting a bigger crowd for the FREE BINGO tomorrow -- the more the merrier -- excellent prizes plus community-based fun & games.
Crying at everything. Obama's speech, cheering people in Chicago, McCain's speech... everything.
Already following :¬) Go video!
I had a lot of texts when I woke up. I feel loved a little. :)
Coming together is a beginning.Keeping together is progress.Working together is success. - Henry Ford
#FF and there are donuts in the office. Jackpot! Enjoy your weekend!
Are you going to make time for a Yankees game or Rangers playoff game??
hahaha I will! How much y'all running?
#Imagine A was listening to bedrock. Austin:"I would make (ur name)'s bed rock anyday ;)" Michele:"WHAT?" Austin: "Err..ur hairs pretty."
Soon my sweet Billy. :) And we need to record together!
follow back? c:
switched to chrome a few months ago. Great browser. I have a list of some good extensions. Maybe a #dc407 talk.
Haha I WISH! I have a midterm in 22 fenway from 2-4... Cool. YOU have fun! haha
15 EMS units are in service in Cleveland.
If BF & CD go through, think we'll see CD's a little more challenged by reg pattern in Nov election. You going on record? ;)
Apologies, our website is currently down due to routine maintenance. We should be up and running soon. Thank You for your patience.
"Guns don't kill people. People with mustaches do."
There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds
Dentist appts. Are never fun =\
And it should be nice and cool in SLC! RT : the conference looks really interesting.
Remember, there is no argument that cannot be won by screaming "Socialism!"
Value the people who sacrifice their something for you, because maybe that something was their everything..
Just implemented our cross Canada shipping for rentals with FedEx. New toll free number now available 1-866-GOLF(4653)-231.
please have one sooner, your parties are too much fun to wait till next yr. Rms in my 1938 house too tiny for our gang! HNY
is offering free shipping this week on their egg-, dairy- and nut-free baked goods!
Yes. I heard they were always late to the set in that Hitchcock film.
I follow both u two lovely ladies..
If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I.
Lmao who remembers that club GRHAMS by hanks that shit was tight!!
still no #11nb 8:32 Fleet/Boston, please report
while relevant, not sure "365 things to do in Seattle before you die" is the most appropriate ad on a memorial Facebook page
RT : Looking forward to launch of Dell's Social Media Listening Command Center today at HQ. Thx to our SM team and
The #Flyers changed their line literally two seconds into the game, but it didn't work. We'll see if the #Pens have learned anything.
it's here via How are you my friend? So wonderful to follow your good work. namaste.
booth = #1503 demos on 1) value benefits of #HANA from Dell & 2) services 4 SAP environ transformation to the cloud
Playing the "will I need this in the field" game
it's a frisco thing.
Last time was not an attempt! It was a perfectly executed gastronomic masterpiece! And don't forget chocolaty
thanks... I'll check him out.
More work to put in.
For some reason, your RSS feed for SUACI is giving me unprocessed markdown rather than HTML. Also it's stripping line breaks.
i want u to take over control take take over control lock it in an turn me on
it's weird how often I dream that I'm in Family Guy.
3.2. From The Hard Collection –(vol. I).
your family rocks! Where the hell were you? ;)
Anybody need wine storage? I might know a guy...
I hate when I get comfortable in my bed then all of sudden I have to use the bathroom lol
I'm working on your mothers day gift right now! :)
good look bro bro
Teachers = heroes making a positive impact every day! Tell us the name of a teacher that inspired you!
#Chulavista council agrees there's no need to reactivate the city's Economic Development Commission.
Merciiiiiiii bien chere Rachel! I've just taken a look at "Carnival Stranger". Very nice!! Love the song!
Reading Stephen Hawkins's biography....awesome
SYSIT (signs your story's in trouble): You get back from assignment, your notes are gibberish and you can't remember anything significant.
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” ― Oscar Wilde
Stacks of deliverables going out the door...meetings scheduled....and yes #TopSecretProject is closer to being announced.
Live not to see through each other but to see each other through...
this maybe one of the stupidest games I've ever seen. win or lose they should be ashamed of themselves
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont black high nike socks with sandals...
Don't sit here & say I don't text you when everytime we start texting you stop replying ! Just saying.
when we talk about ourselves parts of brain light up - same parts that light up when we eat.
Ion forget nudan
I had so much fun whit the family today and tonight we all had fun plus I went swimming that was fun I am blessed ..
what's up with this Noel guy. Enlighten us sports knowledge moderates
of course i'm referring to shoes.
RT ➞➞ #TEAMINSTANTFOLLOW RETWEET THIS TWEET FOR LOADS MORE FOLLOWERS x
Ice cube in coors light commercial... #Howlowdoyougo #wtf #really?
I'm right up front, third row. Young crowd than most CHF events I'd say.
im in the studio mixing my new mixtape. i dont sleep...
dude I want food cuz I'm fat
It's Friday and you know what that means.... Farragut square!!!!!! come get your tacos. Al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan potato and barbacoa
KickAss hithirl rescue made me better at cod i am like playing and now i think of strobe lightgo to robins revenge Yeh
Arnold is an idiot!!
it's in mine too :D or my best friends!
RT : I saw children in a Fort Atkinson community-based 4K program enjoy story time & learn more about their public...
I'll break your heart,like I break the laws.
Look for San Diego in Michael Bay's Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen!
Great program about the Titanic currently airing on the History Channel.
Ridiculous. We play by the rules and the RNC whines.Romney team cheats and we hear crickets
lmfao I am good Hun how bout you? Where u from?
i feel like shit, thanks to you.
I need some major dick right now
Said it before, I'll say it again - you are BEYOND awesome, dude. Give Alice my home number. :)
GCLL is paying the money. Let's see if it works out.
Completed a draft marketing plan for review by Hidden Garden Steps organizing committee members at their next meeting;
Its the last day of the #sweetauburnfest after the festival shuts down party continues Come 2 #palsloungeatl 4 a drink!
finally done with WHAP stuff...
Storms are hitting a line from Menomonee Falls to Brookfield to Muskego right now.
I wish #oomf was w me right now
unhappily i must brave the grocery store, again. for the sake of hummus and Grolsch beer for my dad. but, i get to drive my mom's car!
did you go to gym. I forgot
I'm taking a sommelier class--started this past week with the Wine Academy in Crystal City--already familiar with AOC but learning ITALY!!!!
I still think Eminem came up with YOLO in Bad Influence.. lol
hey, one of my aunts in the Philippines had an extension built onto her house for her husband since divorce isn't legal there.
Being a "Sender" 2day..Hooked my unsaved friend up with a church in FT. Myers FL..Praying 4 a Christmas Salvation!
That's probably a good working theory.
Just stop & respect my relationship already . -.-
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich. ~ Muhammad Ali
Thanks to for the RT
hey bill what's going on? long time no see.
there r child labor laws! Is dante geettin one for his bday?
After a long fun weekend reality sets in.
I try to open to the forum or approach that is most useful for them. I've answered emails, posts at the Ning, Google Doc invites.
I'm so glad the mall has WiFi :))
Brandon Phillips sucks too.
Enjoying the feeling of a great #acting class followed by a great #audition, on a gorgeous day in one of my favorite parks.
Another day, another fellowship application. Washington State writers, the Artist Trust Literary Arts Fellowship App. is due Feb. 29th.
Give me a shockabra
EVERYBODY on my TL'S battery is dying ... Lol NOT MINE THO
Shut up Bachmann!
Where's my daaddy ? Im hungryy ;(
Yes actually it is... It is against the TOS which is very clear on the subject. You should delete any requests for clicks
if i get to go to the beach again Sunday I'm gonna shit
nothing like an RFP to school you on roman numerals.
Np find a place I love him so much giving us this wonderful music
Great talk on Spatial Epidemiology by UIUC's Marilyn Ruiz here at
The race toward smartphone sale supremacy is such an intriguing contest. Reports broke last week that Apple took the lead from Nokia in Jun…
do you have an instagram? I'm posting pics up there
Heaven! I love Corn Pops!
most entertaining #ignitedmc of the day -- way to bring it home! # pdxdmc
although my use case is really simple, redis is working out to be a great solution
Circles, we're going in circles Dizzy's all it makes us We know where it takes us We've been before Aw such a great song 😍
At a mexican party...damm this ppl do love to dance!
“: You rarely get a convincing lecture on "playing to your strength" from a bald guy with a ponytail.”
don't say things like that. There's always hope
So, seriously this past two years in Miami, I have learned a hell of alot.
Mom is dangerously depressed. Dad is in ICU from a surgery went wrong. Brothers don't even talk to me anymore. Damn...
finish it! Lol #WalkingDead so much to talk about!!
That looks like just another day of practice for us!
Philadelphia Eagles Add Some Promising Undrafted Free Agents: A Fan's Take - Yahoo! Sports
close the deal today.....
No, thank you. I had a good time & you cats came to play! RT : thanks for coming by last week !
Gossip Girl TONIGHT!
Walk into Front Page randomly w friends from Athens and decide to play trivia on a whim. Win. Awesome night
Hey did you get my request for Words With Friends?
We would love to. So far we have Germany and Italy in June but would love to play in the UK.
I Wonder If She Maybe Is Just Taking A Break From The Internet?
I'll be sure to do that. Thanks for your FB link. :)
Too much pride to say sorry !
It's still gorgeous!!!! A bunch of us went for the new "lob" and already want extensions! It looks gorgeous and healthy;)
Thank You for a great race day!! You were such a rock star!
Chewing on a cup full of ice. I'm turing into you, !
Congrats on discrimination NC : BREAKING: NC voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman
wtf how cute you bitch! :P
you're so sweet :). Show your friends!!
I could use a little vitamin C in my life... The actual vitamin not the artist. However, I haven't heard that graduation song in a minute
I told you i had to go to church lol
Oh wait. New iPhone comes out this summer? So 4S will be even cheaper? Wonder how much the 5 will cost?
I want it to snow MORE so badly!! I want lots of snow!!
I'd thank you for the RT, but it goes without saying. ;-)
How many of you were an hour early for whatever it was you were doing today?
so how was ur days
Still writing this song about you. I need verses and a bridge...really like how it's going. Thanks for the influence. :)
Nah, dude. We'll be away for the ThanksTakin'. You in town?
Lol at the sixth graders who think they're better than everyone else.
Cindy using a case study on change to demonstrate how participants can maintain engagement thru the use of polling & chatting
can't wait for this week to be over; only gonna take five 5 minute breaks for the rest of the night then goin to sleep at 2 am
spotify is a gift from god
Lots of new likes in the past few days. Thank you to the Lionesses of LinkedIn! :)
Heading home after a great weekend and successful leadership training.
you have an awesome sister! She is such an inspiration to me i love #teamcaitlin forever!
Yes!! Iced Vanilla Soy Latte! cheers my friend :) Iced Coffee? Latte?
Thank you - we will get on it right away!
Who likes Inna? She's pretty good!
Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first...Stop in @ Firehook Bakery and Coffee House!!
I would like to present to you a break through in technology, "3D Without Glasses"You have to see it to believe it! Darren
Good morning.
You weigh as much as I do fatty looks like someone needs to stop benching..
Death by shark or death by Courtney? Same thing.
We do. They've been getting a lot of good attention. You should check them out. : )
you better feed that man and treat him right tonight cause he was clutch & put on for the city.
that's all we can do.
Anyone know of a local printer (Carmel, Fishers, Noblesville) that can do a 24 hr turn around?
First day one this thing, still trying to figure it out. Lousy day out, don't want to work later, still working on school stuff.
10 Best Inanimate Objects on Twitter
Im your last resort
your book is making my life really happy.
MT You live 7 years longer (on average) if you live with a strong sense of purpose.
Yep she def does cause she was just bitching at me for losing so much in poker lately.
I need to step my tweetin game up
Sorry Cubbies, not your day.
your profile is creeping me out.
I love
People w/ stress or depression are prone to gum disease & inflection. Get superior oral care & take charge of your health. www.closys.com
Leaving the house in my dad's Monterey jazz fest sweatshirt, raggedy yoga pants, chucks w/ crazy hippie hair = major stares in Bev Hills
Legs are stiff ass hell to Damn big fa da seat
Best quote today "does Newt Gingrich suddenly have an electability argument to make?" - made me laugh.
that is a HUGE #citesFail. too bad that level of fail is also totally unsurprising...
Okay girl. I think you figured it out. A family is about love and forgiveness. Way to be
I'd love to hear the story behind that one. How close are we to taking some new field trips??
Well im not really watching it, just listening
He will never love u, ur in denial , u were dumped, please move on!! Lol
: Adams' Hallelujah Junction?
haha quite a late response. I was all about updating. Haven't noticed a difference yet
amazing cool bags & stuff. must check them out. support local rochester creatives
she always wins
i love......... #TheyKnowWhoTheyAre ....it's only 2 of dem <3
Also new right now is the Lemon Caramel Truffle, lots of melty caramel with a suprising real lemon burst.
Can't think of a better place to be on St. Patrick's Day than Boston! Happy St. Patrick's Day.. Be safe.
YEAH BUDDY! haha
Watch this end up like Gifboom. Cool for a day or two.
Hope this day gets better .
first night at 680.
Not just any slippers, stylish ones with like diamonds and shit on them <3
Is today like sub teacher day?
thanks for the mention. The bread ninja is not on twitter. She is just that underground.
if you still like Frank S, Tony B NatK And dean type music Say yes!
Dang our electricity went out
that is terrible!!!
: Yes, I made a wish
We have just over a month till the March screening!
Watching New York Undercover.
RT - Suicide is never the answer. Never, ever, ever.
oh my god is that an reference
That awkward moment when a guy is blasting 'Boyfriend' in his truck...
The "Job Opportunities" board = 1980s Craigslist.
Stoked about "Ramp It Up" exhibit opening. First EVER traveling exhibit about
HATE is such a strong word. Ugh
I guess that makes us even since you made mine. Great post! You should be tweeting the heck out of it.
what do your rates look like man? We are looking at recording a two song demo soon.
Awesome~ keep releasing & allow our father 2 elevate u :) #Godsgotu!!!
yes I do
Happy Friday Fans! Post some pics of your gigs this weekend to win a Snark tuner next week! Details on Monday... See ya on the flip side!
*shakes head*
#ILTA11 has been another fantastic event. Thanks to all the team for all the hard work that goes into it.
GAH! My hype for #Avengers is so high right now. I can't wait 8 more days. :(
I'll try my best not to. I just can't take it at times. Thanks<3
Thank you!!
Cool man!
Next ArtSounds performance: 7:30 p.m. Feb. 14 in Epperson Auditorium. David Overholt, Tyler Galloway, Andrew Cole in "Absence and Presence."
Dear whoever you might be...I'm still waiting patiently-The Civil Wars
Just had a great conversation with about Interactive Books for the iPad. This lady is a leader in this field.
Wow! 4,200 Thanks! We love you little rockstars!
hahaha, no im not.
S/O to for holding that tattoo ish down...
Or -8..I'm bad at math.
dang. Was hoping I was wrong :) back to the drawing board I go. Thank you!
nice! thanks! do they hand motions to songs? bc that's my favorite part of church camp
Just watched Michelle Williams's "Blue Valentine"
dear hugo. it felt right.
Aww, thanks love! RT Great pics! Looked all the different looks :) xx
about to Frozen Waffle so hard
thanks mama!
Just made some chocolate Chip pancakes
I need more followers
I should try that next year. Running long indoors on a treadmill is boring like hell. This sounds much better
EVOs are shit. There I said it. Sue me.
Happy Holidays from the staff at Cycle City Promotions....
Wake up, wake up, wake up it's the 1st of the month To get up, get up, get up so cash your checks and get up U DAm RiGht!
and that "I Am The Man" joint by Spade is great!
Focus and empower your actions with your thoughts.
you did some good ballin with that bat!
Agreed. Those were pretty much the greatest 10 minutes of my life. He was so on that day!
sad I'll miss it, post pics!!
WELCOME to the Karma Cafe. There are no menus you get served what you deserve.
mine too. Hey, what does posh totty mean? I know a few of your words like "wanker" and "skint" but not that.
He's Able
ooh, watch I Am Sam. The movie. Not Sam aka who is now out of incarceration.
Shoot I hear thunder
well, that's another option! Bastards!
What's with all the empty seats at Bristol!!
I just picked up BETWEEN THE ACTS the other day to locate a quote and I couldn't put it down. Magnetizing.
amen and AMEN.
Lapse of judgement: went to a shopping mall today. Still in recovery.
i work to hard to let it effect my glory the lord has a plan for me!
Didn't make it into the "Wish the VAN would drive itself session"? Come see us at 2 in Room C for our social organizing discussion
So often time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key
Thank you for RTs and mentions!
WHY IS EVERYONE OBSESSED WITH COUNTRY?
I'm a Cal fan because I have no idea what a 'buckeye' is or where you might find one. Cleveland?
pussy cats?
“: u #googleballin yet?” Lmao! No not yet!
i dont think u ever called at my work
mr.stewart marked me tardy for goin to the bathroom <<<<<
Just got back the CD cover for my new EP, "Temporary Sanity". Pretty cool, eh? Thanks so much to Misisipi Mike for his fab job. I'll...
#usbankarena i remember that concert for ever
lol a few still holdin on lol I'm here in el paso til April or may of next year so yay
Hanging out with the tonight. Love what God is doing in this ministry!
can u tell us what you're doing? i haven't worked with teens in many years and i often miss it!
Smoky! Let's bar b cue!
Thank you! RT : Follow ! Best local ale!
Violence at a dice game in DC. Three people shot including a teen. reports on News4
pretty much. And they grabbed some nuts and bolts from the hardware store to fasten them down.
Please talk about how Viola Davis acted circles around you in 'Doubt'--please.
It was great! Now I'm looking for details on putting together a budget for an accessibility initiative that includes travel!
I need to do a vocal warm up before ordering at chipotle.
hahaha I know someone who says that!! Now u know that look I always give her. Hahaha
didnt finish a big project due today in 1st period...im fucked t('-'t)
thanks, apparently I need to be invited to be a part of the cool crowd making it less likely that will even use + to begin with :)
RT : Gorgeous! MT : Check out the artistry behind Bellevue shop, Amore Chocolates...
wait! I'm coming with. But... we can't leave the E THAT empty over here
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay "Hahaha" Umm what are you laughing at? Nothing? So stupid.
thanks for following any friend of the Blazers is a friend of ours.
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage. - Ambrose Bierce
Holy shit my salon is playing Robbie William's Angels right now. I feel like I'm a senior in high school right now singing along to it.
Ha “: Born ready RT Beyonce will be on today. Not entirely certain is ready for this jelly.
NBC: The plane is a Cessna 421, a small twin-engine propeller aircraft.
That is only the beginning. Next up, "Create Hero" repeatedly resulting in Error 300008.
kind of feels weird saying im single : since iv'e been in a relationship since 2009
follow to dig then build
YEAH BITCH! YEAH BITCH ! CALL ME STEVE-O !
in need of reggae beats...
Looking forward to the first Gone Fishing' of the #NBA postseason.
OMG THE ICE CREAM MAN JUST DROVE BY !
m...peach moonshine, I wish! Just headingtp Maxon for meetings tmrw.
Never Say Never
you don't love someone because they're perfect you love them in spite of the fact that they're not ♥ xx
The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy - Jim Rohn
Kickball season and iPad announcement all in one day. This must be how Andy Dufresne felt...
Just watched a special on a group of 4 kids that killed a homeless guy and got 35 years. Idiots!
good morning
Aw I love ya back mamaz:)! I'll be back... let's go!
Surgery went well. Hoping to be back on my feet in a few days.
great music shoes inside is prolly my fav- but great textures on all of them!
yeah, if they stayed together 3 yrs, they could go deep into the NBA playoffs.
Thanks for the mic. Much better. Kudos for
I'm spreading the word homie! Everyone I show loves yer music. It is incredible, all around! God bless brother
You are most welcome!!
Matt Cooke got the gate for not going Marty McSorley all over Wayne Simmonds.
Do any music shows produce breakout talent anymore?
love you :)
I love that new song by Wale, Jeremih and Rick Ross "That Way" it has a nice groove to it. I should have been in that video with Jeremih
Love listening to black people argue about soccer when they know nothing about it. Things you hear at IUPUI
Bunch of Italians poolside at ocean manor
As far as I'm concerned if my wife doesn't participate in her Mother's Day planning she shouldn't be disappointed when nothing happens!
Yes tonight i do
Power outage in Back Bay.
My favorite part of Beauty and the Beast was when Bella was impressed with the Beast library. I knew a girl like that once.
Tropical smoothie with
RT : #Innovation #news Kapta Systems Selected as One of the Five Innovative HR/Recruiting Technology ...: Boulder, CO......
I guess I'm supposed to go to church *sigh*
Top of the mornin to all you early bird listeners... You're here with Jackie and Carolyn bright and early, call us with any requests!
The reality is if you don’t water your trees now, you could be giving us a call for removal this winter or next spring.
hell yeah son we're only getting better me n you are gonna wreck shit next year bro just wait!!:)
Can't blame the BCS for this lame rematch.
The nastyest thing i ever heard was deep fried butter .
did not go unnoticed in Castle Kay-Skull
Are you having fun on your day off?
In the end, it was the iPhone that saved me
OMG 20 MILLION STRONG!
Logic Pro 9 and a small midi keyboard
“: Everything happens for a reason, or it's because your stupid & your decisions are just terrible.”
Tonight and every Weds night we have #allyoucaneatwings 6-9 and #bartrivia starting at 7.
Let us prove our love for Him by doing what is right, what is holy, doing something which Jesus Himself might do if He were here....
Hello from the Advanced Web Design class at the #IAJGS Conference on #Jewish #Genealogy!
That's only the start. A new ordinance in the CITY of SD will close down every collective and be a de facto ban on them reopening!
in about two weeks, hopefully! :)
IS NOT dropping any bands from the tour (yet)! this is a rumor , grow up children.
tweet!(: hi twitter.
U Welcome ;)
Getting to hear the heart of while interviews him
Good morning!
You know, once you get a little #lacquered up, the #paint job will look great!
Blah well that sucks, >.> they are jerks JS
We hope so too! RT So excited to be heading to the #CNARelaunch !!! Hope to see you there!
where's the bottom of this damn twitter page? can't...stop...scrolling...down......why...won't...it...end?
Also, pick up a brochure on the building at the Info Desk in Suzzallo/Allen. And let us know if you have other questions!
(Director, Writer, & Producer)
when I hold you I hold it all: )
don't worry about it
Testing all this week :/
Ate taquitos with guacamole for lunch. It's a great way to eat gluten and diary free in a Mexican restaurant!
I hope everyone is enjoying their weekend! It is our wish to see our community flourish and grow stronger. Vote for CHANGE!” – Monestime...
Kid makes me not even wanna text or talk to any other guy anymore. Mad weird.
RT : David Day, 's Tech Director: Graduate school is a great training ground to be an entrepreneur.
Gotta love ppl's #youtube comments. Guess they get some kind of pleasure being a keyboard thug in their mom's basement. #losers,
Trying to google Annie Lennox's “No More I Love You's” is really tricky when all you know is the beginning.
Waiting for Mike Sanford press conference to begin
Sitting at home singing kumbaya.
BEST. COMEDY NIGHT DONE RIGHT. EVER.
thats why. fuckin state patrol is a bunch of goons
Who is that ketchup bottle ?
uploading youtube vid, please stay seated
Can't get enough of the fresh cut grass smell.
Thanks for the Altzheimer's RT!
Happy Easter from CPMG! We hope you're enjoying this beautiful San Diego day!
where r u at
Psyched to take some stuff to "Treasure Hunters Roadshow" tomorrow to see what it's worth$$$ Visit Comfort Inn-Monticello. Details CBS19
Lot of programs showing interest in former W. Michigan Bronco Matt Stainbrook - phone has been blowing up with coaches - great player!
Josh Hamilton is a monster! #Rangers what a great story, one of the best performances in #MLB history.
had a great night at church with Shelby &
Watching the Christmas morning sunrise on my way to Washington DC. Merry Christmas everyone! May you all have a blessed, funfilled day.
Mine cancelled. So happy...lol“: I got lazy: scheduled a mtg at the same time as champion's league matches! Oof! #bushleague”
less insectee that way.
On Sat. asked if they sell alcohol on Sun. They do. I bought some. They responded on Tues.
My turn ass.
Swear ion want her to say nun 2 me !
like ships in the night <3
2011 was a year like no other for Diverse Mobile. We created , , and the . More to come in 2012!
I was cleaning my room and I found you YEARBOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Going to bed on that NOTE -ImaPrettyThuq)
Retin-A? Did u know that it takes down your PH balance leaving your skin vulnerable to the environment Use DNA’s all natural Super Vitamin A
at least you had your back up!
got an invite early on.. Didn't use it. Now I'm waiting to sign up again
I will do that, thanks
Yep, Joe Biden wrote the original bill.
A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest. ~Irish Proverb
no but really, what am I supposed to be doing on this?
This isn't even half of my dreams.
Shouldn't have taken a nap smh
had to turn the nerds off
Senior sunrise is like 6 hours ! Excited !
truesay. Too bad my Revolution doesn't have ICS...
Where are you subbing? Can you play hangman with them!? lmao
Thank you so much for watching my rap! Keep reading my blog at letsclaireify.blogspot.com --Claire!!
I have to take my little guy to the doctor today and early Wed morning for tests with specialists. Please pray for him. Thanks.
And yes we caught the typo in "alter ego."
I crack myself up!!!
Take the AYS poll question, follow us on Twitter , and find out how to become involved! Your support is
“: Sluts are like bubble gum to boys. They chew a piece and when it loses its flavor, they get a new one.”
I love that kind of people to ! And you are one of them(;
RT “: Its going down tonight drinks specials sexy ladies no cover charge what so ever!!!!!!!!1”
Haha, that's great, except that doesn't explain me. Mine="grew up in a town of 600 ppl & not used to locking her door"
planning a night of poorly-disciplined writing, pataphysics, and strolling in the splendor of the void
This episode of #Jeopardy is really depressing. Are we getting that dumb as a society?
Congrats to our trustees Mitchell black and James smith on being named patriot league all academic team
Heads-up, bball fans! “: In case you...missed it...the NBA tentatively reached a labor deal - es.pn/vrYolV”
I am weak in the presence of a coconut cake donut :)
The fact that I can't get to at 9 am yet is driving me nuts. Could you folks host a tweetup or something? Please?
So....what is MAN ON A LEDGE about, exactly?
we stopped on m is for manatees..it's leeman's turn I'm gonna remember this
Hey Gloo <3 how can i put the same logo of your icon? :)
Explain To Me Whats Your "Fair Share" Of My Money?
Hm, I'm following 93 people and only have 23 followers what's up with that?
The best relationships are the ones that start off as friendships.
You #also know its a good night when you forget to wash your hands after that teeth-brush & then get toothpaste in your eyes.
does Spotify allow us to do that? I have no idea how if yes.
TGIF followers come out and join island frydays for some great food thats good for the soul
hi Denny--- how are you tonight? and you're welcome- happy twitter tuesday! :)
Had a fabulous day at #lakshmi salon! Models , clients and extension!
Oh Boy! Oh Boy! The Season Finale of
hey man that's a good word...the children should not have 2 pay for their own bread
We will contact you on 12/7 if we have any problems with your mailing address confirmation and you are selected as a winner!
YES! My favorite :)
Off to breakfast...
Bruce Raynor of kicks off
"she isn't that pretty" haha c:
Did u unfollow me?
thanks for the follow... Then upon #fb u unfollow.. Smh..
Guess what...? We're all naked underneath our clothes;)
into the realm of educated guess. someone may post a guess and note it as such and someone else will pick it up as fact.
A woman's guess is much more accurate than a man's certainty. - Rudyard Kipling
We have an entire office (albeit a small one) of folks ready to jump ship from AT&T to Verizon, so yes, AT&T should be very afraid.
A big congratulations to our raffle winners from the Women's Expo this weekend! Jule & Barb each won an iPod Shuffle!!
A great morning in sunny California. Agricultural activities all day.
This dude. #bitter RT Are you also outraged Buzz Williams cut another player to make room for a transfer?
Come on Marquette, let's finish this, just need TO knock down free throws
Suggestion: Include video in first-year seminar and faces and diversity training at orientation
Also I didnt win ur entry to main event but it was very col ya did that man.. God luck and I hope I get to deal to ya.no mistakes lol
I get so emotional when i see justin on t.v
If golf was easy you wouldn't need 14 clubs, a dozen balls, and 3 other people to see where the hell your ball goes-Anonymous
The Next 8 People That Follow Meh Will Get A S/O ! :)
....What are we doing tonight?
We should hang out. Just saying. LOVE YOUU
No I just started following though. Not sure why it took me so long. "Where My Girls At" is brillant
You mean he isn't already? :)
ArtistWorks Drum Academy Looks bad ass. Can't wait to check it out.
Everyone follow !!!!!
good luck at Indy!!!!
more to see
not in the fucking mood. leave me alone. bye!
A Fan's Notes is up there with End Zone (if anything is).
Just got invited to a meeting to discuss putting street cars on Colfax Ave. in Denver. Interesting! Meeting is tomorrow, fyi.
Damn this whole time ive been watching the game and half sleeping i forgot to do my algebra homework
have a fabgear time in NOLA! i'll think of YOU!
When I was doing trademark originally my atty knew about this and assured me mine is a different situation - time will tell ;) !
RT : Silence is a sign of great strength.
We find out on Monday if we made it to the #edgefest cross your fingers
But country just came on after my Gotti fucked me ALL THEE way up 😂😂
I'm coming- just not speaking...
let them know that chi town pizza is no where near ny pizza ny pizza is king
In three words, describe your spirituality.
Saturday shouldn't feel this much like a marathon.
...and nope, none of the the arrested by was a banker. So, careful, #raza, you are still in risk.
Greetings! Actually, just started the daily swimming routine this month (water took a while to warm up after a long 'spring')
You win a lifetime supply of Depends adult undergarments
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)8
What are some things you just CAN'T do without during the week? Coffee is top on our list + cell phone is a very close 2nd.
Just make sure you leave my heart how you found it...
The only thing I can't stand more than people who dislike are liars.
I thnk a mosquito just bit me on my ass
Man oh man oh man do I love him! mi amor por mi esposo!
nope someone has to hold down the fort at home so the good luck charm will be watching from afar! =) R u & there?
Perfect love casts out fear...
#PSU thirsty Thursday was 2 Hurricane 40oz. Now it's all Diet Coke and turkey meatballs.
I'd like to revisit what I tweeted earlier about not being able to fill the void in your soul with stuff. It's true... UNLESS it's food. :D
Hooray! I'm glad you enjoyed it!
Why you should eat apples: bc they are delicious!! 🍎
happy birthday. Cheers!!
Same2U! I am very flattered by your mention &amp; RT my dear friend, have a nice day and a happy &amp; exciting weekend!
Missing these people today
I'm not gonna do that "OMG HE'LL GET YOU 900 FOLLOWS" and not follow through, but follow my bro
MJ Immortal World Tour...#frickingamazing! Thank you!
Hahaha yes! RT : the funny thing about work happy hour outings is you find out how much everyone hates their job. o_O
Parks and Rec IS the best comedy on network television right now. Last night's episode...brilliant!
so great! How are you brother? Ran into another Jimbo Wood fan last weekend at a Kids B-Day party. She grew up outside HuntsVegas
The worst way to leave someone is without an explanation. -- TheseDamnQuote™ ()
ED's #TitleIX letter has #highered seeking prevention tools. NACUA & VirtualSeminar on Sexual Misconduct Risk Mgmt is tomrrw!
Thanks, i hope your dad is doing well.
they are a Texas team. And I absolutely cannot stand LeBron James.
Can't wait to look at that Pinterest!
i cnt hold grudges....i can be mad at ppl for so long.....at a point u will miss someone dats very close to ur heart wen ur mad at them
#randomtweet: I'm in the cooking/#baking mood today, thinking i should try new #recipes tonight, recommendations? Main ingredient,
Not immediately but it would be very cool.
#WAPA Protest calls for solar -- we are here to help 1.888.462.5005 located on St. Thomas
Great Coaching Event at AFTRA tonight! Highlights: "It's always now, it's never too late"
I kinda love getting "fan mail" from people who find me on the internet and want to know how to take care of their books and documents.
Nookies on Brwn Mawr has a back room they'll let you reserve. Not sure how many it will hold, but they've been great to me.
I'm came on his balls.
shoot I can't wait till tomorrow Adam Lamberts new album comes out an I pre-ordered it :P
Social Studies Teachers: stop by booth 649 to visit the C-SPAN Digital Bus at #NCSS for lesson ideas and other free resources..
mixtape #HatersMotivation releases April 8, 2012 . Be sure to check it out .
was talking about an app on iphone that goes crazy when there's a warning. Get that! $10
My hubby has never seen my real hair before. I'm transitioning, with frizzy twistouts, he thinks it's beautiful!
Proof people are good and decent...got my wallet back with $19 in cash still in it!!!! Sweet!
Just met & prayed 4 a girl I saw crying in the food court. Found out she was asking God to show her He loved her. God's ministry is 24-7.
Thunder are gonna sweep the Lakers
thanks for letting me borrow your jeans, you life saver :D.
I'm blowing up the interstate to make it back home tomorrow after my class. For real.
hmm. He sounds like an ass.
Thank you!
I'll try to pop in...computer updates right now! Ugh
Do you have recommendations for guidelines/best practices for digitization of historic #maps? Thanks! cc
"But the other two pilots... they're just fine. They're at the controls flying the plane... free to pursue a life of religious fulfillment."
I knew I was forgetting something.
haha see now aren't you counting your blessings that you got a season ticket before you ran into this problem!?
Now to scarf some food & then dash off to the Tech Expo!
Stay Tuned:: #scavengerhunt for a #freesextoy today at 3-4PM CST the early bird gets the worm, possibly literally
I am guessing where is Fiesta? S conkling and Fleet!
Big shout out to my new friends. Yes, my twitter name is my office line that forwards to my cell, don't hesitate to use it!
Justin bieber on
On Caltrain. 6'2, hefty black guy just ran down the aisle wearing a red nylon jacket, gold chain, earrings, and a fro-hawk. Mr. T? Is it ...
with the best person ever!!!! love u <3
Repeat after me: threadbare leggings are NOT workout appropriate pants.
10 sets of 25 dips, 25 pull ups, and 25 push ups... Damn I love the burn.
ah, i like LOVED his longer hair:(
Note to self: "You look like a softball player” isn't an appropriate response to a girl saying “I used to be a softball player.”
A mouse once chewed its way through a pair of my pants, got stuck & died. Thankfully I was not wearing the pants at that time.
your cool.
Just had a wonderful casting! Gives hope for the future!
RT A big "Thank you" for the #follow You can also follow my other feed #Thanks again!
Janett's comin to get me at 2 which means I have to start getting ready at 1. She's cutting into my Maury time. 😠
hey, does the cast album have a release date yet?
Funny, it's like these guys don't know yet!
this is not real life. I repeat this is not real life!
The premiere of 's doulespeak--every emotion all at once.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely
thanks Herman!
Great day in Owensboro--Church Alive a.m. Fountain Downtown p.m. Moonlight BarBQ for lunch--family throughout the day--I am very blessed!
last season the finale was on my birthday May 17 this season WAY earlier what's up with that?
Ladies, in need of a dress for that big event this weekend? Check out for great deals on dress rentals. 25% off on Thursdays!
Striving to be a better me each and everyday. Good night, folks!
#libmade will be archived! And follow the hashtag for some amazing convos!
Driving my moms yukon! I feel like I'm driving a trailer!
Is #cancelrush a thing yet? Cuz....its about to be.
I've been carrying the 1GB model for a couple of years now. Really comes in handy!
I need a good night sleep before this weekend..... I'm so sleep deprived
Hate when a mf tell me what I can do !
If you are working on something exciting that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you ~Steve Jobs
RT : I've found that the best way to reduce time wasted in meetings is to keep conference room temperatures below freezing.
thank God! Kill Fuck Marry? Cee-Lo, Carrot Top or Mr. T?
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL YOU #HOMEBREWERS AND #CRAFTBEER DRINKERS!!! What kind of #beer are you drinking tonight?
was it my hipster doppelgänger?
you ians dad?
I'm so bored! Nothing to do tonight! :(
Got a toothbrush from the 99¢ store, but I got a million dollar smile.. That shit don't make sense, doe.
Diablo Valley College wants to link the pockets of equity that are succeeding.
ya it's true. We lost Phil Jackson, Derek fisher, Lamar odom. We have no point gaurd, man Kobe can't do it all
Lmao": When a #Leo gets ignored... smh... you dont want to know what happens."
So tired! Been NON-STOP and traveling for 3 weeks now! It is so nice to be home and sleeping in my own bed! #justonethingmissing :/
hey love yes I'm here! And I want to see you before I leave
boyfriend?!?! Spill the beans young lady?!?
Jub Jub thinks she's queen.
Recovering from the Hyattsville Arts Fest. Thanks to everyone who came out! So happy the rain held off until last night/today!
Human Centipede is the SICKEST movie ever.! My tummy turning upside down.!
My bad out weight my good
bahaha can someone say blackmail???
Woof Gang Bakery and
When do we find out whether #Parenthood has been renewed?
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how your mascara holds up.
I would have rather chosen Southwest, but the lack of non-stops to SFO sent me to United.
Q2: What's the best-kept local secret site that should be better known?
It definitely takes time & effort. Social media plan/ calendar + scheduling ahead helps.
We all know that you are a good girl !!!!!
3 minute Mac & cheese, what would I do without you.
Awake? So are we. Serving our full menu 24/7 as always. Come join us for some awesome late night food, convo, wifi, tv, what have you...
Exactly...the real 85
Gotta stay on my p's & q's
BOLD STATEMENT SIR.
Rhapsody would be my best guess
Team dress up day(:
Ugh what a frustrating morning so far, mimosa and roof top please...
Girl you dont need to be stressin over nothing... keep ya head up
1. She's way too pretty to be an actual human...
Nope - me too. Conflicted. "Am I the only person that is ambivalent about #arena? #JustWatchingForTheDrama "
your addicted and have a problem with these things
Thanks, fellow archivists, for sharing interesting points of the talks for those of us who can't be at the conference!
not as happy as I am my dear!!! Love u so much. I don't have much time :( but we can talk for a Short while and it's +
of course that is the biggest waste of my limited brain space but, I don't care. Soy un pedador
Why can't I be from England so I can put those "xx" at the end of things without getting the typical "wtf is this" response
Wendy's Frosties>>>
:) you right but I'm right aha
Good point. Likely not?
. Your twitter picture needs updating!
#Blackparentsquotes "GO GET ME A SWITCH OFF DA TREE SO I CAN BEAT YO ASS NIGGA!!" and they be foreal too
not me. And i know he definitely is...
16 years old and I've been watching some Mexican 4yr old travel more places than me today.
Thanks for following
Well I found an article about it on Facebook n thot it was intersting n I thot about Fate.So I thot I'd let criss kno
Flippin, you're next....and King and maybe even
And for anyone who wondered if the Celtics can challenge the Bulls should they reach Round 2, the answer after today is an emphatic yes.
Vegan place by work offers "native bacon", neither bacon nor native. Appeals to recent/hopeful vegans, I'd imagine. Effective strategy?
You're right. I'm tired of reading about someone eating a bagel. Rather, give me some real insight I can use!
Jennifer Lopez Married in Mexico to Casper Smart – Photo
OH! YES!
IM SICK OF FEMALES TELLING ME THEY DNT DO RED DUDES CUZ THEY STUCK UP... ESPECIALLY WEN IM NOT STOCK UP IM REAL COOL
Having a love/hate relationship with #giltgroup. Love when the box arrives, hate when the bill arrives.
Get er done
i am gonna have to get use to writing the date differently :) 2012:)
great stuff! Food always. Company definitely. Thanks for both of you taking some time in our amazing schedules!!
like to thank our starting 17 followers. if you want your videos get more views, we need more followers.
NFL Pittsburgh steelers versus Truman Posted because of Saints ...
Accident blocking a lane on the Charleston on-ramp to southbound I-15. Add a minute or two to access the freeway here
YOU R AMAZING!!!
Do you work for a living? Or just trade time for $$$$
finally the sounds of snow plows again! Was worried its was time to start biking again!
well for supporting indie games :)
Actin like a WHORE, who me? No never
baby ur so handsome y do u always use that damn filter that makes the picture look dirty! lol love u the original 1 is better!
I don't play stupid little games.
My #RaspberryPi order got pushed back two weeks. Better late than never, I guess. :(
Intel&#39;s first server chips with 3D transistors coming this quarter ...
biscuit coffee! yeah
Hole shit I haven't gone shopping in months 
Is there any dates where I can fit in.
awww wow! does it look like i give a shit? :)))) xoxo
Stop looking at what you don't have and start being thankful for what you do have. #I Need Money
I'd be up for some good debate. Anyone up for a debate? You pick the topic...
theres gonna be a paranormal activity 4 geez why so may!!!
wishing you a wonderful birthday!
Nothing beats a father dancing with his daughter @ her wedding.
is in the building for the 3 year anniversary of Closet Sundays! Place is packed.
Going through old photos. P:
I was more fascinated by the core dump as hairball metaphor.
RT : Love wildflowers? The US Forest Service put together a great online resource called Celebrating Wildflowers. Check it out..
sorry for your loss your family is in my prayers!
A1 Done this a few times. I'm honest, but not brutally, about why it's not working. It's tough, but I feel I've always left on good terms.
Watching the sitter :)
I LOVE PEOPLE MAGAZINE.
Kick off your 4th of July weekend with great jazz at 1st & Hope: Friday, July 1st
ha.yeah i hear u.how u doin
RT Missing you for all the wrong reasons... ;)
": haha then quit running your mouth to loni (: &, i see you cant.reply on fb ha
We SHOULD room together in Pasadena. Lunch, yes. :) Out upcoming weekend and 1st April weekend, but work Sat/Sun otherwise.
"Marge, it's the golden rule: treat others the way they mess with you."- Homer
No prob boys, Scotty insisted on writing to you guys when I told him about your Nana. He's a real class act
Alr I'm really going to sleep now lol goodnight!
What do you think of spring football Nighthawk fans?
That's it! Vengeance is over! I guess John Cena nor Alberto del Rio can wrAstle.
ok im new so whats a shout out?
I think she will too! Mini lit musings - hehe :)
oh I didnt even kno it was snowing
You are so Special with your adorable smile! :)
Hella pissed my dad just got my sister a black on black range rover as her graduation gift. But this nigga won't get me my Lamborghini.
THAT SOUNDS LIKE THE BEST IDEA I EVER DID SEE!! We can go to ur shabeen on the vern afterwards to celebrate and get all hipster.
really? I would have assumed you were into bubs
its crazy...if married couples are cheating on one another...what makes you think your boyfriend/girlfriend is faithful?
S/o To my New Follower
5/13/1776->W. Gordon:It is but too common for Men under accusation to endeavour to exculpate themselves by charging others
Do U luv all the fresh prepared foods ? Good news the Carmel Winter Market will open Saturday Nov 19th thru May at the New City Center
Some douchebags at school -.- That would be lovely <3
Yup. I'm definitely sore. I feel like laying down & crying. x
Oh, good question. Love to know what people rec to you!
Final day for Blue Chip Award applications. Good luck to everyone who has applied so far!
Don't give up guys!
I told you like you told me
Happy late mothers day!
one wine glass is NOT enough for this class.
Thanks for the compliment! We also have extremely talented alums.
*Sliding into the car after * I see.*Pulling the door shut*
Last day at one of my part-time jobs. Looking forward to entering the world of full-time employment on Wednesday. Exciting times!
I wonder who they get to manage some of these chain restaurants... Well corner bar for me, they will smoke in front of you
#2010memories truth in art became more obsolete with the continuing rise of corporate sponsored exhibitions
I hope the next video is unforgivable blackness
I was absent from school last week because I was bitten by a snake and died, but luckily I was reincarnated this morning.
My twitter keeps making me unfollow people!! Ughh
at least its a way to give away phones to tecchies without just dropping prices to zero (which people would say was being desperate)
if youre still home get mine...i doubt you are tho
mangoritas and bombay clay oven lunch with family, patio coffee, talking bout dosa, mycology, martin scorcese, grandmas, farms..happy day!
Looks like Josh Hamilton ate his wheaties today. 4 home runs? Isn't that illegal? Damn. lol
I JUST got back.
Listening to put some really great marketing lessons into really plain English. Very inspiring.
who run the world?! GAYS!
The choir set it off at both services...it was crazy! Maybe I need to go away and come back more often...LOL
That's a great one! Thanks for sharing!
College career day(: got to get out of class for a little bit plus I got free stuff so I'm happy lol.
Mean Mr. Bernazard
wth is that?
Tell me how you did!
Enjoying the smooth tunes of
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 9
We've been forced into a triumphant return to the social networks under penalty of The Judas Cradle! So Let's do this. Lots to talk about.
lol, just an awesome store.. So there a lot!
That doesn't sound like you...
Not as annoying as the one where you have a great idea while trying to sleep, but forget it upon waking up.
Lol, when u send a dm saying ur gonna get married. I regret nothing;p haha oh gosh<3
what up
Be Your Own Bank: Bitcoin Wallet for Apple
#SinceWeBeingHonest I only put up with you because u pretty much don't have any real friends that are honest n reliable
WE NEED TO BUILD MORE STEREOTYPES FOR BLACK PEOPLE.
At cracker barrel with the family (:
yeah that too
wow. Patenting fail
Linking Twitter to facebook so we can actually start using this page!
Just saw
Isn't that the best feeling? It's what makes music so awesome.
awh poor Alex :( take some Excedrin that might help i have a bad headache to..hmm mayb a nap will do? Feel Better Alex ily.
Wow! Was that 40K live, or 40K on a stream? (combined?)
Anyone up for DMing ?
Love it!! What a great site :D you 2 seem to b very passionate about your subject matter.. <3 it!
Idk what to eat and im hungry as fuck!.
I got a "somewhat ambivalent score," but am not discouraged.
indeed it does
So on a scale of 1 to Rebecca Black how pumped are you that it's Friday?
TOMORROW ONLY! on Friday, 11/11/11, gift cards are 10% off!
Summer session of #libraryschool starts tomorrow. I wanted to accomplish so much more in my 10 day break.
the border
I don't care how crappy my morning has been... Coming in and seeing those spotted faces makes everything better.
I did have fun calling him a dipshit though...wow his logic is convoluted..
I saw the first two episode kerri washington plays one badass female
