hey jake!
Have a great day!
However I did have a good laugh when I arrived in Midland, lol!
planning a valentine meal...
Mike Brown doin' work!
I know right.... I want a weave just like hers.
Grindin.... You so far behind it
your welcome :) uh huh super great! :}
HAPPY THURSDAY!!! WOO HOO!!
literally hate
The video conferencing services have provided the business professionals to communicate with their clients through this online service.
omg How the fuck can u not know what day it is??? fucking loser...
Learn more about the 2010 Dublin Program run through the School of Communications and Theater. TODAY 12:00 pm Room 5 Annenberg Hall
Bill Watts would return as the Midnight Rider, a gimmick Dusty Rhodes would also run into the ground.
Pretty weak, if true. RT Heard on Jersey radio Devils fans being told to throw rats on ice to get power play.
I'll just focus on finishing this song... that'll make me happy :)
Thanks Carolyn - you too!!!
Also, why does Ralphie's mom have such a terrible haircut?
it's I really want this job.
That's my nijer....
P.O.D. And HEAD tonight in Ashland, KY....Free at the river park...be there!!!!
Happy mothers day to all good mothers
I don't care about history. English beers are garbage. I can't think of one English brewer that I would consider great
Can anyone give me a shout out ? Please (; Il lovee youu forever <3 Il doo one back ? (:
about mastering call us 678-646-8965 ask for Dia or Mario
Every morning we start our Parkinson's group with the Pledge of Allegiance & a loud #GoSpursGo after!
Sometimes I wonder what the hell my family is going to do when I'm gone haha.
Thanks! Will you be at #joyce2011?
I better be seeing you at Zumba Toning tonight, ! It's been too long!
YouTube videos for book trailers, author interviews, tips on writing, share secrets about your characters
cant wait to party with this weekend gonna talk success and !
i would like a follow please XD
“: Whoa. is following me. Whoa.” Thanks for the follow=)
Not my fault heaux...
140 characters isn't even a start at expressng my complete contempt for Rush Limbaugh & the ugliness of his mind & thinking.
Feeling the creative vibe co-working at Green Spaces Denver!
I just learned what TCBY stood for. My mind is blown.
why do I love nicole carman so much:*
do you get my messages?
me too! packed house.
Alsdkfjs. Well, maybe you could come someday! ;D
I'm a mother fucking princess.
I feel so sick.
That's a lie. Liar, liar pants on fire.
Spotify keeps crashing when I try to play Coldplay. I think that's a message.
Hey fans, yes you. We love you!!
Superheroes and wrestling DVDs
Valley family adopts five more on National Adoption Day - KPHO Phoenix
Justice is Divine because it is based on the image Of God in every human being. Justice is inherent because Justice is Divine & ontological
ha.. even the one thing we have in common is different.. I keep my ipad horizontal ;)
I ordered one yesterday but I want a red one too!
do that lol
Baby I could really get to know you....
that should be interesting. But don't forget Yao Ming.
Back to bed
Aw fuck, I forgot my French homework... Not like I was going to do it anyway
Watching and jimmy play NCAA and got papa johns in route...
Avoid hangovers. Stay drunk.
Cowboys and Aliens was... something. To say the least.
Imma coke boii hello hello hello !
lol where you from?
goodnight/goodmorning to you :DD I hope you have a great day curly! Much love x
I already created the brochures in Vistaprint. Problem is you can't print them.
super sleepy
Few feelings match the panic felt after you wake up way too late for class
Dinner tonite: Chicken lasagna, garlic veggies, & butter croissants. #M - delicious & nutritious.
Mom "Pink Colored pills make me want to vomit." Me:"lol"
good luck, Rick and !
Goodnight noises everywhere.
ATTENTION UNITED STATES RESIDENTS! We will be selecting individuals to join our "R3Pin CR3W" though out the United States!
okc for the sweep !
Rise and shine - time for brunch! It's nice out and it's time for some champagne (and food). Sunday funday? Maybe!!
is it gay of me as a man if I accidently screamed when followed me?
Haha yeah I'm fine. Just tired from work.
it's WEDS! aka: HUMP DAY!! GET TO THE SMILING MOOSE FOR LUNCH!(11am-3pm) DELICIOUS SPECIALS AWAIT YOU!!
Wishing I had a real smartphone so I could play Etta James "At Last", has never heard it.
i've reach a #followlimit. will follow back as soon as I can ppl
#Knicks how about a win..did we forget what that is..lets go!
girl make that money!!!
"We've invited these kids to a high school that's rigged with hidden cameras."
Happy day, my friend! Wish you were here.
I need a nap tho
OMG! Hail the size of golf balls on my porch!
BrennanNewberry qualified 14th for the race today! Live on SPEED Channel at 3:30 West Coast Time! Who's watching?
Thanks for the RT. How you doing?!
ha nah not really actually i just don't ever go out anymore
Pam, did you experience connectivity issues during the game?
Off vacation and heading out Wed!! Grand Velvet, Orange Drops and Pecan Pie along with all ur favorites!
Honestly? Unsure. I see the savings leaf occasionally. But my hours in and out are so random as well as the weather lately.
Watching the cubs/cards game on the jumbotron at miller park...Go cubs go!
Dear anyone who is currently pregnant,I'm fixing to buy you all this baby texas a&m stuff at once upon a child.Its so cute c:
Shout out to go follow!:)
Im out, to tired to finish the game.
Street fighter bitches, this the up cutter Nunchucka', no time to ducka' sign of the cross, cause this is her last suppa.
I expect nothing but....
A young medical student just came in and asked me one million questions about my piercing.
Spelling? #AintNobodyGotTimeForDat RT : I'm so
Awesome job Rangers!!!
Javy Guerra gives up a run. Cubs tie the game. 3-3 we are headed into extra innings
We're always glad to see students in the galleries! :D
Only because #BOYFRIEND comes out tmrw all #Beliebers should have no school. This is like a holiday to us!
were playing at 9:30, the bar is called Paddy Mac's it's on Pulaski just N of Irving Park!
shit just workin for the mans
Happy holidays, everyone! See you in 2012!
I ain't never been no bitch Haha
I am going to East Texas this weekend! I couldn't be more thrilled!
So much for curling my hair so nicely.
ahh you did? lucky!! were you on the floor or something? i heard security was tight so i needa know how u got that close
I haven't been there in a long time, but remember everything being all out of order. Glad you found something. No hating...lol.
Who was the hottest on screen duo Neve Campell and Denise Richards in Wild things or Gina Gershon and Jennifer Tilly in Bound
Tina Chen is inspiring #RaganMSFT! If you want to create change, you MUST tell a story.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! I LOVE YOU (;
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing. Bernard Shaw
I LOVE YOU! XOXOXOXOXO MARRY ME?
It's pretty bad when the girl u think is cute thinks ur older brother is hotter lol :/
Ughh Feel Like Trowing Up . Dont Feel Good D;
Thank's!
Take a day off. Have six beers. Eat a meat-lovers pizza.
At Georgetown Univ. teaching class on Investor Fundraising tonight.
what about Woodbridge Pub or if in the mood for Mexican, Nuestra Familia?
Awwwhhhhhhhh :) I concur!
man im going back to sleep to much s*it gos on and i never get enough sleep ....NITE
BEST SHOW OF MY ENTIRE LIFE OK HAHAHAHA
Thanks for letting me know about the Moo sale! I just ordered a new set of Minicards! (^-^)
Wake and bake gotta get shit out my head
On air 6-7 tonight at 90.7 FM and it's the 70th birthday of #LouReed so I'll have to turn in my dj badge if I don't play him
I like the green and yellow ones better ;)
We are really looking forward to announcing the venue, dates, and director for AN APOLOGY... Check back soon!
If she LAUGHS when u pull out ur PENIS..then gets DRESSED & LEAVES..still LAUGHING
nook by barnes & noble is a superior product. I am a manager at the santa monica store. Come by for a free demonstration.
My eardrums will eventually give out if I keep listening to my ipod on full blast WHILE mowing.
Marcus Boyd Realer Than Most Ready For Whatever Miami New York Atlanta Los Angelas Dallas The Whole Ohio Detroit Chicago we DO IT BIG
Do youhave a loved one w/a end of life disease and need hospice or on it and need a GREAT handbook to walk the journey with??
More for
How's everyone tonight? X
Stop by booth #117 and learn how you can give your business a competitive edge by customizing your SugarCRM
How will you enjoy this gift of great weather? Come see us for a yoga class tonight before starting your weekend.
Tropical Shakeology coming later this year! I love working for this amazing company.
I bought one megamillions ticket today. The first thing I'll do if/when I win is hire a financial advisor.
Make sure you stop by Southern Ivy before you head home to take advantage of our awesome deals going on!
#ILovePoetry Thanks for the Love!
You're the best! thank you!
my fav writer once said, "sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation... the other eight are unimportant" -Henry Miller
Soon it will be ¥1=$1 and my favorite 定食 will cost me only US$800!
Oh u heard right 😉 Bad bitches follow RT : rofl please do lol, so I've heard your the leader?
It's easy to say halo but it's hard to say goodby to love ones
Wish I could be there for #NYFW, but excited to be helping rep during Atlanta's Fashion night out!
Euchre in someone else's star = priceless
haha... yeah, I've heard. I don't think I'll mind though. It's just kinda weird having people pay so much attention to your bod!
Yo I am lovin all the Fresh new OBEY gear up in here...
I am alive! Week 1 of teaching 10th graders done.
and what might that be my love
... And i think I have seen 200 donut shops within a mile. But NO WalMarts or Targets?
oh, how nice :)
Someone should visit me at Ballydoyle. And also buy me food 🐷
hey;))I love u and my birthday is tomarrow and I want u to make a private call to me.812-679-1479
": #icriedwhen co-cheese died"<I can't even get through that scene! :'(
It's Trevor Time!! Hell's Bells, baby!!
Happy birthday! Looking forward to celebrating tomorrow!
duh!! Multiple times! Haha :)
nd glad I inspire her mayb she will pay attention n stop selling trash..
Thankful today for all the love that has been added to my life in response to the love that has consumed my life.
Could my hands be more unladylike? How did they get so rough? And the color of the Earth, just won't go away.............
Spoken words can never be recalled.
U guys got your slingshot and stone? RT : get to the Merrell center tonight! Kpark vs Yates at 7:30!
and sunscreen! welcome home!
Im doing great Nice yepper it the weekend time to relax in chills
Hi WVUM Team! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Tks!
Attending a play tonight: Woodshed Collective Presents "The Tenant." Should be good!
To the two girls literally belting out and I am telling you in the holding room....please calm down -_-
The first USF student to put 15 books on our advantage program today will win a PS3, Wii, or XBOX 360!
what can i say, im not perfect and i will never be..i wont give up on us though, us is something worth keeping thats something we agree on
Some days the most I'm gonna accomplish is making the cats purr.
Lunch time Come for some hot soup and delicious sandwiches
Woo LOBOS win!!! Bring your coupon and ticket to redeem your Lobo cupcake from 4-6 on Monday!!! What a sweet taste of victory!
heyheyhey i never promised!
Would you ever say that my friend, can see him on my icon,is Tim Gerst's twin?!Believe me,you would!
Somebody get these inchworms off of me.
this could be fun.
Sometimes I am so old school..is there a printable program of concurrent sessions for #aasl11? I just like to ponder it all in print..
Lacrosse boys .
Is it possible to be
do you have any time for an old Irishman from New York? I'm coming to San Diego for the 4th!
TBS DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO GET OFF STICKAM OH MY GOD I'M YELLING
Yay for Derby weekend! No school for this girl tomorrow!
gone tweet!
are you doing the Ice Age 50k?
#Illbehonest I'm scared to talk to certain people because I'm scared they'll tell me the truth of what someone lied to me about.
RT : Finalizing details for fundraiser. Thanks for food donation! (my fav. kind of donation) yum!
"Sometimes it takes balls to be a woman/standing up to the test/while wearing a party dress/sometimes looks can be deceiving...."
lmfao, why was there a sheriff at your house!
dont forget me, sometimes it hurts instead :(
though i bet they have one for MLS, which should start soon
So you mad bro?
You mean flwor-ing right? :)
Hello there! Hows England? :-)
Oh Dang AllKpop giving away Music Wave tickets, that's nice of them. Specially to ask only those that don't have tix to enter
it's also in my folder called "what do you do with a bs in graphic design" lol
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Scrapbooking News , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Overheard: "You know you in the hood when somebody tries to offer you two 6 month old pitbull puppies at 9 in the morning."
I kinda did just now. RT : Nobody seems to vomit a little in their mouth anymore.
im good and u?
Will do!
Dude I was just thinking about your highschool day's today haha!
Welcome to twitter! it takes a while to get accustomed but eventually you'll love it
oh, good to know. Thanks!
so thankful I had acupuncture after that epic FAIL of an eye specialist appt.
I wanna die young, but as late as possible.
Shrine tonight??? RT : You know how we do!!! RT : Too old to drink like I did last night. Today is a bitch lol
I think most participants in #dayofhighered will treat their tweets as public utterances.
I don't know how long you've had that profile picture, but it's perfect.
RT : He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has. ~Epictetus
no thanks! He was still wearing his hospital armband. 2 days old
Barring a turnover, that's the game! ...
I <3 my Mexicans! Happy Cinco De Mayo--practice Mexican foreplay and have some tequila!!! :D
we have not seen any lately.
It's days like today where I have no desire to be at work. All I got is draft on the brain. Along with an Ice cold Brewski
I'm in this bitch posted wit all my niggggas
What da fudge??? I keep losing followers
good call. in the realm of possibly insane NBA players, Javale is much more current than Deshawn.
#TheWorstFeeling Losing someone you love <|3
On a final note a good ab workout plus gassy food is really uncomfortable...
I wanna see pics of this fabulous new haircut, missy!!
I am loving the new DCU.
Justin Latz makes great bacon.
AA County Councilman Jerry Walker asked how Chief Teare can continue to serve effectively after a "no confidence" vote by police union
Special person sighting in the halls of ! I hope we gave his GB t-shirt!
Here come them Nuggets!!!
how r u
Not even we are thinking about wine at 8:30 a.m. on Sunday. But thanks for reading this anyway.
Gail Kerr: If nothing else, Constance Gee&#39;s story needs to be heard
Informal learning process instruction starts with a formal learning program
your girl is like a motion picture, she gonna be cumming soon.
thank you :)
welcome to the Twitter world!
Pretty sure Hawk comes before Merk and Robin. RT : Power structure at the Cell: 1. Kenny, 2. Sale, 3. Cooper, 4. Merk, 5. Robin.
DED organises awareness sessions for businesses with repeat fines - AME Info
Maharaja would like to support our local breweries by selling locally brewed beers! So the question is..what's you're favorite craft beer?!
Rösti sounds like latkes, which are yummy. And wine/cream was from the place that suggests adding icing to NYC cheese cake. ugh.
A male co-worker is chronically tan. I think he overdid it as today he's looking carrot-ish.
...You don't create through action; you create through vibration. And then, your vibration calls action from you. Abraham I say vibe up!!
Dude, it's Tuesday.
- It was awesome to get to meet you! Loved the wine too :)
I love him
fucking ratchets ghetto ass guys
that's awesome!
Heading to NYC.
Awesome! I'm getting another tattoo as a graduation present to myself
My pleasure, Doug!
Aw Panks, thanks but absolutely not relevant for us. Good luck!
#FF Have a great weekend!! :)
do youu like the ICONic Boyz?!?!?!
Haha this made me think of camp when I first met you and Bri!
it only shows up on my website feed if i favorite it. If someone can tell me another way, I'll listen.
RT Library Journal launches www.losinglibraries.org to track library closures, cuts, reduced hours, etc.
Cant wait to see 30 minutes or less
Looking for those super Hot indie music artist for Break That Single. A music show dedicated to breaking new music.
Finished makin some hits now Ima bout to head to the gym
you got it my man
Drunk lady just told me I had really good hair
why are you always fuckin me up..
well if your listening it you think youd at least be able to get the words right.
Check out our songs! And tell us what you think at reverbnation.com/withoutdelay
hard. heard. head. heart. hurt. heat. hurled.
That last tweet was incorrect. The show on the 17th has been canceled. Sorry to disappoint. I know you all were very excited.
gearing up for season 2! anywhere we need to have on the list?
I'm thinking pop-up book. Why don't they make a book adaptation of My Dinner with Andre?
wuts up my g
Who wants to wear some PC Threads in 2012?!?
On day 11 of 14 work days in a row... NYC move around the corner!
6th Friday of Lent
Marry me,
someones bitter... gotta rep my
it's time to fix what's been broken to long , time to make right what has been wrong
Wife is 8 months pregnant.The baby now has all 5 senses, while everything she sees, smells, hears, tastes, or touches makes her cry or puke
HEY EVERY BODY FOLLOW AND ILL FOLLOW BACK
No problem ! i'm excited :)
Kobe if not more
Alternately trying to host The Hopkins Review site on Godaddy and banging my head against my desk. Any help, ? Or is it just me.
I thought this Kim Jong Un dead rumor was Kim Jong Undead and that Kim Jong Sr. was back from beyond the grave. No such luck.
Dam Team Sicki Garbaj is steady on 's time line!!
im a little disappointed in the 9 and 11 start for the #Brewers..i understand its early but i dont like the inconsistacy do far
If you can help nurse me back from my foot injury to 100%, that would be ideal! I'll be using your service ASAP
Glad to hear it! See you in September!
Weather feels great! Time to just kick it.
I hope your day is full of beautiful surprises and your day is as wonderful as you are. "Happy Valentine’s Day"
Damn niggas keep buying us rounds of drinks...Ha
About all you can do in life is be who you are. - Rita Mae Brown
We want Tacos!
- hope you guys are having an AMAZING weekend!!!! Xo
I can't tell you how proud I am of my Dad for giving up drinking That being said it sucks that there's never any liquor at my parent's house
You Sure about that Homeboy? Thats Rock with an R right?
Check your car license plate stickers if you park by the Southport stop- cops are cruising the neighborhood, looking to write people up.
My mom just told me to f**king tweet it, just f**king tweet it kara.. Thought that was so awesome i forgot what I was actually gonna say
We're looking forward to it!
's new song is the free single of the week on ! Thursday made.
Many customer ideas from MyStarbucks have been implemented. Digital ideas boxes means faster implementation - great engagement
Hey I have a personal twitter account - TCM, herbs, acupuncture, martial arts and more. Feel free to follow.
did #chi11 plan to bring facebook down today so that we don't procrastinate from our papers?
I love a good Zumba
tell me about it haha
Twitter is such a bizarre combo of wonderful and awful. Just like everything else I guess
blacklatern says his brother is getting two removed today ouch! Ouch!
If it's any consolation, "I actually read it."
That is AWESOME. I haven't heard that term since the Intro to Meteorology course I took a few years ago.
Dang! 13 year old dog is stuck under the recliner, bit the Teenage Wonder when he tried to pull her out!
idk city you're in but the club sucks in Chicago tonight...These girls aren't leavin with much..
Happy Birthday to Professor Jones today!
"I'm gonna throw up in your purse"
woohoo! you made my day.
whoa! Did u just refer to me as a fermented cabbage vocal amplification device? Im not German and you mean mick
Got it DVR'd don't worry about us fans back here in Cinci, you know we're watchin, just kick a$$ big man!
Piers Anthony?
watching the news - lots of it
Top Reasons to live at PremierLofts: #10 FREE valet service with dry cleaners!
what's that crazy special sandwich they make at the deli near you? Carl ordered it for me and it was awesome.
Great weather
Its only two things u can wen faced with a cheating spouse...u can either stay or go but u cant play the fence
who to follow.... hm
Nag, nag, bitch STFU
Dam I really hope I get this promotion at my job. :/... I'm ready to boss some bitch ass niggas around. They can take that shit too.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand LIES LIES LIES
hey so wanna come save me from my bordum of working in my parents jewelry shop???
Should have gone to Whole Foods. I can't believe I think that but they're more chill and no credit card minimum
Sounds like #mla12 is not up to do a #fundrun. Woulda thought they'd go for that. Tis the season and all, eh?
It's just funny how the old lady is criticizing free food.
ok you can tell me on a need to know basis. LOL
It's called selfcontrol. haha People want us to fail. They invented awesome freakin technology that distracts us from school.
Last time I heard, you were an amazing teacher, student and leader RT : My life is a joke
Toronto FC, I mean really!!!!!!
'We do befriend the people on our television' Jane Lynch on #Maddow Yes, yes we do ;)
On our way back to Milwaukee from Chicago
Ponchos! Why the ponchos. Isnt that for if it raining. They should tell you to bring a parka!
The #American captain James Lawrence, coined the term during an 1813 battle with the British after being mortally wounded.
:) haha ya what u said.
I've deleted about 10 people off Facebook within the past 3 days.
Sorry ! Couldn't resist: RT : Retweet if you feel more confident with smooth, radiant #legs!
papastevesbars, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Soundchecked @ 3:30pm now it's go time in Annapolis. Time to get this party started. 2morrow I See Herman Burney with Wycliffe Gordon!!
And the whole Napoli thing would be funny-if he wasn't famous and didn't have so many followers. That makes it mean-whether he thinks (cont)
Good to hear! I wish you nothing but success!
I think daily practices may vary, but ppl will respond to same things ultimately; honesty, personal connections, etc
Curious sculpture at Schoenberg’s grave in Vienna: cube touching square.12 sides = 12 tone music!
I have an overwhelming urge to go for a run. Like right now at 4am.
Last night's "URBAN FIRE SHOWCASE" @ Karma Lounge, NYC was "CRAZY". Great crowd, great energy, and incredible talent!!!
Johnny Short
Awesome one of the band members said i look awesome in video n it should be out soon
And by "moron," I don't mean "disagrees with me." I mean "moron," regardless of positions.
?The way to happiness: Keep your heart free from hate, your mind from worry
Good times!
I hate the way you make me love you
RT : At the height of #OBL death announcement, Twitter was moving 250 times faster than a hummingbird's wings. -
Today is a good day.
I don't know why though. What's jealousy going to fix? Not one thing if you ask me.
hell yeah, that shit was hot. I hope the improved alot on prototype 2
It'll just revive as a more bitchy tuesday...
that's a fun place. Never been on a Friday, but bet its cool. Great night for it too.
I shouldn't be up this early...I shouldn't be up this early...I shouldn't be up this early...I shouldn't be up this early...
Preparing for tomorrow night.. Cant wait to hear everyone's sets
Wow tomorrow is my last full day of high school left man time goes fast.
I might play on my best friends softball team!
it may be 2:00 before I get to my hotel.
I would rather wake up to zombies than all of this snow.
Todd requests incident at Wrigley Field.
it's a keyboard/synth ..just wanted to know if it was worth buying. how was the movie? sorry i didn't make it out there :/
my surveymonkey is being stubborn. it doesn't want to be done. Frustrating...
Why do I feel like you're teasing me?
Dude walking ahead of me just tidal waved by a car. Poor guy
lol ijs. If i cant have the one i want i rather not have nan and do wht men do to women.lol
why hello there mr. attractive
Got lost in cooking last nite—started out making chicken stew & ended up with cauliflower /bacon & cheddar soup...
Overheard from "I'm trying to get circumcision banned in the US"
We know you drive smart. Now pick smart. Choose She really wants an R8.
Thanks for the follow, Darwin.
Thanks for your stream of typographic tidbits, artsparrow!
I know he's all spiritual an shit now but I mean football hits can easily give concussions
Part of being community manager is knowing when & how to use your role. Sometimes better to sit back, let community hash it out
on your profile,"bad bitch, talk shit" etc
Just flew directly over Charleston Harbor in the early morning light.
#SHOUTOUT to my Girls I LOVE you girls <3
hahaahahahahah u right!
Almost 1OO followers babys ! Follow me !Follow me !Follow me !
watching The Outlaw Josey Wales all on my own..my man would be so proud.
RT Yes my white chocolate I'm here lol// good u gotta come meet Stoni!!
Thanks for the follow! Look forward to sharing my work with you.
My dogs make it nearly impossible to take a nap longer than 10 min
This Thai Tea is too good.
i just wanna be 21. i DONT want to drink i just want to be able to get into good concerts.
ha! that's what Danny said. he made me look for her on here already.
On that early grind...got the "home" set up together... just gotta connect it all, then put up the soundproofing
Pizza bread is, well, pizza bread. But the sweetly sauced version I had at Cucina Bianchi in Elk Grove Village last night was a step up.
Thanks Michael! Keep it up and I'm sure you'll get there sooner than you think.
You can't win missing free throws. 12 down with under 6 to play and it looks like it's time turn off the lights.. #finalfour dance is over
What's that? You just do J Mart's bidding now? He's too good to tweet? dm sent btw
Help local kids by participating in Extra Life, a 24 hour GAMING MARATHON on October 15th. SIGN UP TODAY! www.extra-life.org
Thoughts and prayers with the Uecker family.
Family Guy >
iight take your word for it then lol
If you put your tongue in your friend's ear, you should expect your friend's tongue in your ear.
haha yeah dude i was talking to alec, and two kids joined yesterday who dont even know how to. and we need players
Chris Meister challenges Renear on intentionality: the problem seems to be time & identity, not intentionality #kodm // I tend to agree
that we should go on the hunt! Or get to hit bham
I ♥ NEW YOURK
Walking in Purpose
I less than 3 you
Bless your soul. I don't even mind that my phone kept going off for a tweet like that
the Heat both the refs and the Mavs tonight. And this with Bosh only having one eye. 2-1!
You're welcome! I had the Monday blues but feel much better now. I think I need a few weeks off. Not just 2 days. ;)
Great to hear that you will be pouring for I am stopping by Sun. & look forward to trying. Hear great things.
The faster my followers catch up to my following,the quicker deals will appear.
Run into a store, ask what year it is. When someone answers you, yell "it worked!" Then run out
what time did you go? Lol what's her name?
Sorry. I was at a dinner last night. Mikimoto has a 99¢ dine-in special on their fresh sushi, but you have to ask about it.
we look at Google Analytics reports to gauge success.
The TB Lightning had a nice win last night in OT after being down. Ryan Malone has been on fire!
Photographers need to be listening to on Kelby TV's The Grid
Does Civility differ from politesse?
dam #rain ruined my day -_-
Thanks for the follows! and and and and and ! Have a great day!
We are investigating this as we saw them also
Its sad that getting an F on a test is a bigger deal then 13 year old having sex with a 20 year old
": #ows This is epic. Protesters in Tahrir tmrw march 2 the US embassy 2 protest violent crackdown of #occupyoakland."
what u got rocking tonight?
Yes he does sometimes.
I will have to confront someone today who sent me a nast e-mail. IMHO, that is very cowardly
Oh I really hate using tables and spacers! Right now I'm using our old template but will optimize when I can breath again.
“Dear Bestfriend, please stay in my life forever because you're one of the best things to ever happen to me. Love, me.” some1 say this 2 me
Sorry I'm not on face book.
RT I am apart of the 2012 bocce ball champs team
LOL...I just couldn't turn away.
Weed needs to be legalized ASAP.....
If ur renouncing your membership in the #Beyhive, u can be her bff, otherwise, NO. RT lol! I can't even RT her?
#bbworld10 presenting Cont Sys in 9.1 w/ a Project Runway theme. Awesome!
Tor where you at
"It's all about translations" - Lucinda Martinez, VP of Multicultural Marketing at #HBO at #HPNG #Latino #Leaders #Networking Event.
lol nothing you?
hey babygirl happy mothers day how is your day going
Putin Pregnant With Gossip
Have a Fun & Safe Weekend = tener un fin de semana seguro y divertido.
I need to chill because I need to raise $4000 for an event by next Tuesday!
Good luck to at the P.I.T this week/weekend. I see nothing but success in his future. #Humble&Hungry
woke up, and is still moving to New Orleans. Yay!
Looks like there will be 8 Laps Left at the green flag.
Cami just said, "Don't harsh my mellow." I've taught 80s lingo so well. PROUD MAMA!!!
Cannot get the "Liberty Bell" out of my head....why did I ever choose to conduct that piece with the high schoolers???
Knew you were huge bonner “: I should have been part of the AV club in middle school, but I played the trombone instead.
Well come on!! Its gonna be
I don't want to believe it's true if I also have to believe the descriptions of his junk are true.
back atcha! We're looking forward to checking out the relaunch - take care :)
I need to work on my attitude towards my nigga but you BITCHES and bitch niggas do deserve the rath of Natasha
You're such a trendsetter. :)
Awake. Post ride shots turned into nearly half a pint. Slightly foggy. Force feeding self and tryin to make it out tonight.
#NewFeds practice interviewing with someone who is not a librarian.
Posting pics of underage drinking on Facebook with your boobs hanging out really shows me where your #cumdumpster is
bring the data! let us know if you need some more geocoding API help.
I know right #fml so stressed. About to move to logans square
2011 was full of amazing memories and adventures and 2012 will be full of even GREATER experiences :)
“: Been sampling some fantastic beers here in Portland. Hopworks brewery, bikes & beer, carbon neutral &very nice IPA.”
For some ladies out there, change your bad attitude and watch your bad relationship change.
She looks crusty lol
your avi made my heart sink! Your veryy luckyy!
yo what's good
Forced to watch 15 minutes previews on DVD
My sweet tooth is having my usual cravings for cake, ice cream, cookies etc too bad i have none grrrr. .
that's funny
On a park bench with but dont worry, there's a backpack between us.
you trying to get some Black Thunder!
You're beautiful, its true.
How much of a network is it if when you contact them they say "Now, how do I know you?"
Never underestimate the power of the 40+ lesbian. RT : One sentence reads, "who would expect forty-year-old lesbian spies?"
NYC B&H Electronics caters to Portugese Speaking Brasilian Clients and Their Special Needs
thank you for voting on our online proctoring poll!
": Niggas with no followers act like followers isn't everything Bitch you wasnt with me TWEETING AT THE CRIB"
Wow... the best review on natural breast enlargement produtcs - Photoshop CS6
o ok that makes sense. Thanks :)
This morning was like the opening number of a musical - beautiful day and everyone in my neighborhood saying hi to me.
Then it keep going! Lol STOP!!
When 1D plays on the radio at track practice and the temperature is 72 degrees, you kinda forget about the stress in your life.
Sweet ! Will throw in some other goodies for you too. How've you been? Loving your stuff. xo
The Main Library will be closed on Sunday, May 13th for Mother's Day.
%age of Adolescents w/Type 2 Diabetes=45%. To the youth, there ain't no tomorrow if you don't control this today. Get Healthy, Eat Healthy.
Why u be trippen?!
keep pissing off and ridiculing your customer base and in 30 years you can be Jerry Tipton!
i think i may name him Trigger. Dont know yet but hes my dog buddy so back off!!!
687k to end the day. doubled up getting lucky vs darren elias then doubled a short 5k/10k tomorrow 16 left
Yes. my pen name is Pete Beast.
heading over to the for the second half.. I'll be wearing the Laker home jersey with "Gonzales" on the back.. come say hi
omg that was so funny that face that u gave me I wonder where my dads at
Congrats on the internship! I know you were looking forward to it! Look into taking it as gen study instead of com.
Tomorrow, perhaps?
RT : “: Who y'all think I should drop a record with from MEMPHIS??” Yung Swagg
LOL! Just heard someone complaining...Sometimes it seems like God has returned and taken all of the NICE people...WAIT! I am still here!
#grateful for the air I breathe
Dear girl who has been arguing into a cell phone (on speaker) for the last 10 minutes in the women's restroom down the hall, WHY?
Black,Caucasian,Hispanic,Asian,Middle Eastern etc. are all welcomed at
it was my birthday when it happened!
Appalled at how old the papers at the bottom of my inbox actually are.
Agreed..... and deffinately not a time for a victory lap.
bout time
Second gym session went well now work than training than gym again and than eat than one more !
When the robots take over, I hope umpires are the first to go.
The world is filled with awe, and if we remain mindful in our search for it, we shall be, too. ~Erin Waddle
Oh God, and then I spelled "still" wrong. I give up.
Protect Our Kids Act would establish a commission to develop a national standard for reporting #ChildAbuse fatalities.
Well goodnight fuck heads :-)
i'm gonna be famous
i don't get it. Explain.
Maybe you should become a professor and work in academia!?
so you are boy belieber
These some of the ugliest strippers I've ever seen though. My eyes hurt.
If I could go back and make it happen faster don't ya know baby I would ❤
All of us here at Montaño Acura wishing everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving!
What is the secret to finding a good relationship?...or does it all Kum with
“: positive thinking takes you much further.”
Surely, it is God who saves me; I will trust in him and not be afraid. (Is 12) /RT
Haha me either! Its okay!
BTW... if anyone is interested in the outcome of the game against Mary, it's 6-0, 6-0 (Mary won)... even though the game is tomorrow :-)
If you put an order in with us already, it will be ready this week!
me too but mine just came back
almost done packing... will be Ontario, Ca airport at 2:30pm
June 7, its been rumored.
there are few as genius as you Randall
So Happy Followed Back! :D..Well GoodNight Hopefully When I Wake Up Has Followed Me ;) #mahomie <3
Me the music & a Margarita
Thanks for the listing!!
I know! Thought for sure he was going to bite it on the road. Or hit the car!
I bet it stands out from all of the pretty pink houses.
FRIGGIN SNOW IN WASHINGTON STATE?!
Lml, right... They wud look at me like I'm crazii but oh well. Ha-ha.
Sure u can vote more than once but not just repeatedly =]
Where did "change project to tag" go?
Musicians, keep your listeners wanting more: end your song on the tritone, minor second or major seventh. That's how Thelonius Monk did it.
there are still a few drive-in theaters in #indiana, but they're disappearing like most other places too.
Good Morning. I have woke from my slumber and I am preparing for todays tattoo appointments. Need Coffffeeeeeeee
it's not stealing when it's you, my twin! LOL go for it! send me the link and I'll add it!
The Ellen degeneres show >>>
Put derrick rose back in
Hey! Congrats on joining Edelman!
babies just sleep- you have time-
I quite Android. DroidX was a fail for me. Moved to iPhone.
way to tickle that post out to the internet Plush!
All this Polo on I got Horse Power!!
Skill is the unified force of experience, intellect and passion in their operation
When you can't decide what to do or which way to go, Trust God! Best decision you'll ever make!
I have my business and you have yours so stay out of mine and we'll be alright.
Yum! Sounds great. We will definitely have to try
Max McGee
Oh lol I just noticed that. But don't feel creepy haha.
Love the seamless integration of "virtual experts" in the opening session
my labor was easy and quick. I slept almost the whole time I was in labor haha
Fasho I got you. Can you email me some samples of your music.
are you awake? want to work out? I need motivation
touched nicely
what does everyone think about Bank of Americas directions tomorrow?
Really wish I had new tennies for the race Tom
I want a Spotted Cow. Like, right now.
Half day at work! Headed out on the boat.
Can't tonight. Maybe sometime this weekend.
What is the Neo4j team doing in Chicago?
You ready Duke's? Were gonna bring our country thunder hard to y'all this Friday night!!
Black Wednesday: Turkeys stuff Santa and pair with Elfberry gravy in a liberating role reversal.
I will be in China for 36 days beginning April 8th. I hope to bring you some interesting insights into the Chinese housing market
When one of my followers tweets some shxt I know is false ...
if your rap name consist of the word "swag" in anyway, you're a clown and you suck.
Another day of great weather, another day closer to Opening Day! RT if you're as excited as we are!
Life is not a spectator sport ~ Jackie Robinson
try the unwich next time!! So good!!
we'll be there well bring it!!!!
<3 thanks for the shows! you are awesome.
Its all about hair conditioner today!
my goodness, your followers then were 530, now 17,381 wow.=)
In the championship in all 3 yahoo fantasy leagues & playing for 3rd in my $100 league where I'm guaranteed $150 even with a loss next wk.
It's been coming. Now it's here. Let's make what it's fighting for disappear. Support #KONY2012!!!
Lions vs Raiders... Broncos vs Patriots... Season finale of Dexter... It's safe to say I'll be in front of my Tv all day.
A heart is like a piñata if you put it in the wrong persons reach it'll break
"Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success."
Kive and microplace. I love them!
TURE that! RT : "It's practically impossible to live here and not be a #foodie" #SFoodie #SanFrancisco #San Fran
Tune into Emily G on 1067KISSFM RIGHT NOW! Tweet her
i don't know about you but it's hard to work without my hypem mix playing in the background!
N.J. father records teacher, aide mocking autistic son
we r done. We should of traded Douglas for Flynn at least Flynn know he can't shoot.
I don't care what they say in their commercial, I know those Leinenkugel people are Brewers fans.
Marquette v Arrowhead @ Kettle Morraine,7pm, this Sat. Get ur pre-sale tix @ MUHS, wear blue/gold. Cheer Topper Football to VICTORY!!
Omg never leaving my trainer for more than three days in a row. She was just waiting for me to come back to unleash the fury
too cool for the hipsters
Cure for Pain is coming along well. I've been able to work on it every night this week.
OK, it's a challenge: Who shall claim ? Or some underscored version of that?
I want you girl, and I need your body right here.
so true haha
You make beautiful things out of crust.
packin up for the show tonight @ Under the Couch at GA Tech.
Disappear! Never that! How's the day going?
Completely agree about engagement, but its hard in most venues to allocate twt seats that dont disturb others.
hi man !
lakers gonna get swept
Omg .. these niggas right here dawg !
Thanks for checking-in, ! What did you enjoy at Sebastian Joe's?
*looks around* my bad!!!
love mistletoe please follow me
Why is this week going by so slow???
What's the name of the anime where a kid goes around catching pokemon and uses them to battle other pokemon to become a pokemon master?
Not completely satisfied with the breakfast Maurice made.. wish he told us what he was cookin last night
I love it when military men call me ma'am.:)
dude no shut up(: haha so who you going to ask to be you're Valentine's??
Invited 2 MSfundraiser last night by Byron Allen, hob nob with top tier of fundraisers they raised $1,000,000 ANAZING. Night
Word from Thomas is that it works but needs more testing. Powerpoint will be available soon!
8k goes our to my bestest friend ever :) I'm glad I get to spend spring break with you
We can look into the shipping rates and see if it is still cost effective for your trip. If not, Check out Tep Wireless.
Glad I'll soon be a member of
She could be on the other side of the fence
Chris "Pervman" Andersen has been dismissed from all team activities.
LOL. Funniest segment ever.
ANNUAL IRELAND TRIP GIVEAWAY! We are having a big party on Friday, March 16th! We will be giving away a trip for TWO to Ireland & a tour...
I think were busy.....
well love u all so bye and thatks for all of the followers kk trying to get up to 500 kk love u bye
My bus this morning smells like Acton snooker rooms
Hello Metroplex !! Even though it's Wednesday , Mambocafe Dallas it's like Friday and that's how we want you to feel !!
super advice!!!!
"No one to talk with, I'm by myself. No one to walk with cuz I'm happy on the shelf. Aint misbehavin, I'm saving my love for you!
Home Sweet Home. Had fun
i just got accepted to the college of my dreams, this is so amazing! im so happy that i'm crying :')
We LOVE the BEST pizza in town! Camos Brothers Pizza, the most authentic NY Pizza you'll find in the South! 7321 Six Forks Rd
How can we help you and your business?
Which Summer Fairs/Festivals are you going to attend this year? Any special attractions that you plan to take in?
When I first moved to America, I thought half-and-half was half-skim, half-regular milk. I was ordering those fat lattes for like, 6 months.
kind of wish I was there too, but on the other hand I hiked, played soccer, hit a library, made pizza, and read a book today!
Date nite with hubby...dinner and paranormal activity....romantic LMBO
happy birthday! 🎉🎁
We have a gray owl stalking prey in our backyard. That got my husband and I wondering why they got the label "wise." Hmm...
Have a safe and fun Halloween tonight! What is everyone dressing up as?!
The advanced production list is up SF State! Go to the 4th floor and check it out! You won't be disappointed.
Ok - is on any time minute now ... Me & are freaking!!
So believes that I'm influential in unicorns. I thought you'd appreciate that.
I gave you the tools to figure it out for yourself.
Thx for the follow!
..like a sadness is there, kinda like Keanu, only deeper..something he might not even KNOW he has, or needs healing for..any good
'Somebody That I Used to Know,' Gotye continue remarkable rise - WJLA
You Right :-)
Thanks, very much appreciated the opportunity. You can always come back sooner than the next AFW13!
Thanks for the #FF! I hope you have an awesome Friday + weekend!!
nice! Ya, I was torn on what party/theme I wanted to attend... let's connect soon. Enjoy this BEAUTIFUL weather.
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now ... I�m marrying my dreams
Green isn't my color lol plus I don't have anything green
Break depression by focusing only on the moment. Be in the now.
Banner is better than Thor d: so is Loki.
Whew. The cute kid managed to get onto the car in time. Would've been tragic to see him not make it.
it feels like someone just stabbed me in the chest. holy crap.
Many weeks after Basel and my feet are finally starting to feel normal again...
U r shameless as always but gotta give it 2 u 4 pointing out what's not journalism since u r n expert in paddling filth & lies ;)
Updating my twitter account, something new to play with .. LMAO
we dont have a facebook but we do have a facebook like page. Its called "Red Company [RED Co]"
owner will be on #flexxfmradio doing a interview involving DV > !! NY .ATL.NJ.MIAMI.CONN. PEEPS TUNE IN ! #NEXT SATURDAY !!
Heads up 7-up?
The team is currently preparing something special for our guests.
Thrilled! They are selling Hard Candy brand cosmetics at Walmart. How fabulous!
Vanilla Ice is a sexy ass white boy!!!!
2012. I'm ready for you.
Sweet! Thanks
Just trying to do me. That's all anyone can ever really do...
insecure in a different, not literal way,,that is :)
Thanks, for having time/temp/sponsor logos on screen throughout coverage of tonight's fireworks display!
I know linkin was huge now I'm like were did they go?
Enjoy your choice of beer, expired condiments, or that 4 year old can of meat sodium in tomato sauce.
RT : Tomorrow (8/5) ONLY - Jack's Pizza Spectacular Midway rides ONLY $1! What a deal! (Select rides may be excluded)
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina Who's Afraid of Vagina Woolf?
we need make a indoor track it be so so cool but i know that won't happen but if be too much gas and smoke coming out car
u ready for game 1 Sunday
i'm cool with that haha
i made typos n shit thats how mad i am
Common complaint re Silverlight. Haven't heard the UI complaint. But have you seen 's example of mobile clients?
So far, candidates r doing a good job of telling us what's needed, little lean on HOW they r going to get us there. There isn't a person...
Mysterious as the dark side of the moon
really, the #Bogusky show is charming, bizarre, and somehow impossible to stop watching...
oh dear haha!! where you from ?? :)
How can we be SURE that Weeden will be better than Colt? That is what bothers me.
Journalist on their reporting. Teachers and curriculum. Citizens on legislative testimony. Judges. Candidates. Appointees.
Filling out #LawSchool apps ... & yes I know I'm a little late :)
you that mad?? this nigga is ticked off. RT : Nigga stop RT'n me lmao
I feel like there is magic in this world! Magic in everything... And I'm learning that you can actually see it when your patient!
yesterday I saw a poutine gravy truck. if I hadn't Binged on 7-11 food earlier, I would SO take gravy fries
WISH I was ONE of those FISH! LOL! :)~
Havent ate a thing today and still have no appetite
how can we order up some apparel for our team members? It is great watching the bucks please follow &
Is that a good thing or a bad thing? :)
Twitter is being obnoxiously slow.
Which sauce are you putting on your burger this May? National Hamburger Month is in full swing!
Both Dari/Pahsto is taught (40-60hrs) on program called Rapport. Plus we have talented 'terps' (interpreters). :)
I think he did fabulous being injured, he hates to admit, &the defense kept sacking him over & over. No 1 person carries team
Tammron Hall sure controlled the show .She didn't suck up or run when the interviewee would not answer.The press is supposed to ask
no bolt?
Lmao. Right. A red rocket is a dog's wiener. RT : They really shouldn't call him the Red Rocket...
thanks ! Good times ....
you should probably follow me back on instagram since I followed you !! #justsayin (:
If people winked in real life as much as they do in texts, the world would be a really creepy place.
Merry Christmas!
would love to see this but I got an error clicking through
Hey Real Estate Agents. Wine makes a great houswarming gift / client thank you. Come buy & save at Wine & Roses Charity Tasting & Sale 6/10
In honor of daylight savings time, come take advantage of all night $5 happy hour at the bar!
Santorum support for RL is one that will back fire on him. I thought he was smarter than that!!!
Chicago ----> San Francisco
are you talking about "Bob?"
Cool! Why were you on epr?
and the guy couldn't get to the top of the stairs before getting grabbed and hauled away
oh my goodness. SOMEONE PLEASE BANG THIS KIDS HEAD INTO A WALL
I don't know how to feel. I never wanted my own brother to go through the same shiz as me. Ill be there for you
Could dark matter simply be made of yet unknown particles or elements?
My recent experiences are limited to adults, so I am only speaking about post-secondary - I respect your point-of-view.
I DOUBT anyone's giving us ANYTHING for M.R. But I don't want to rush a kid to the majors. I dunno if B.R. is EVER coming back.
Starting a 5 WK class tonight on the knowledge of God. Its so vital because Ideas have consequences. Ideas about God have the most.
Trying to win the #dodgers fight in Co. I've been there. Tough road to travel in this town as a Dodger, Lakers and Raider guy.
Twitter is suggesting I follow the Pivert. After 2 run in's with him....
I text you. You don't text back. I feel stupid. Therefore, I won't be texting you again.
just saw you "reading" with ur kids on Been reading ur blog since u were pregnant with first child. Congrats!
Thx for following and ! Let us know if can provide you with IT solutions!
btw u have an iPad right?
We will do our best. ;)
RT : Supernatural is the best show there is. ??
almost Friday!
you should eat some prunes young grasshopper!
Carl DeMaio went to Texas and is now broadcasting to the world how much better Austin is to do business than SD. That's helpful...TO AUSTIN!
that'd be great! Look forward to hearing from you! Thanks
At least it is Star Wars Day.
Made it back downtown and it's barely raining here. I swear I wasn't being dramatic!
What are you wearing?! My eyes and head hurt.
Thanks to all for the Rts/mentions! Feliz Tuesday to all!
I use the TCM app to watch vicariously. Lots of great clips too! Would happily pay for a streaming service.
Take me off your buddy-list bitch you fake hope you and your computer catch a virus lol
I like how he talks and how he is idk lol he makes you be interested imo.
Mixtape n progress promise it will best u ever heard
Congrats! #TEAMPUGILIST #BOXING >RT : A!!!!! I brought that big W home for #TeamPugilist n #GMBfightTeam baby
I'm traveling to Germany from Feb 23 to Feb 27 with
oh that's Wasup!
Green is my favorite color!
just make sure you stay away from names like "Destiny" & you should be ok
thank u but I really want to follow back
Omg listening to magical mystry tour all the way through omg this is amazing baby I'm a rich man
A humorist is a person who feels bad, but who feels good about it
I've got the "turning beer into pee" routine perfected. Now if I can figure out how to reverse the process then I'll be rich!
lol in that order
Yep! But only after you get "white privilege!" Oops! I know...but you deserve that...right? LOL!
Have you ever tried aromatherapy to relieve everyday stress?
when u rollin bacc out the A loco?
Take care of the earth and she will take care of you..
Wink if You Want it...... What do you want?
How about this snow east tennessee?
You can only be responsible for yourself and for your own thoughts, attitudes, actions and behaviors.
Someone dropped six Social Security cards in the men's room toilet.
We went to a car show! Had fun sitting in new concept cars and cutting up together. We've been married now for 19 years.
Agree, we see that ALL the time RT : Bror Saxberg says giving students control of learning pace is proven to work.
you know shit was spectacular, when a nigga uses the word spectacular
Thanks for following! @ + others!
Coach Rudy creepin on you when you would run
Pretty sure Chen just saved his own life.
Pretty pissed I won't be at the Garden tonight, but , & , as always, have the #dotcomination covered.
Wasn't in a mirror, was it? :) When I left WWDC last year, jackets followed me to the airport.
U are welcome
Baby grow, er yes.
very exciting man!!
can you please give me a shout out?? Thankks(:
This statement will possibly shock those who know me well: I think I wanna go to this year! Who's in?
Food coma 😌
Thats it tomorrow im having a picnic.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain. How sad!
I'm learning YouTube tips w/ , & SeanMalarkey #social truth
you've been practicing for this moment for years!
What are you doing for mother's day? I know what I'm doing!
I cant wait till comes on tomorrow
NOT a GOD DAYUM PERSON
Happy happy BK!! RT : happy Friday Coach!
Words to live by!!
so whatcha wearing?
#Foodallergy~ your ears must have been ringing from the all the love from us! LOL!
thank you for posting this
Teenagers abound! Guessing high school football Field? Skateboards, pom-poms, & pop hits OH MY!
i already list you but unlist me and list plz :D
DYK? Garrett Morgan, Inventor of the Traffic Signal was a member of A Phi A
have u lived in any other part of GA? I think we chatted before a while ago... I'm good at faces.
aw your welcome :)
Haylen grey , shane grey
0A1.1. General rule. If your description and display standards need explaining to users, you're doing something wrong.
at school...having a horrible time
So if Jack doesn't play live then who does? Some magical copy who looks and acts exactly like him? Think it through asshole.
So close to summer... :(
Hey Jose, it's that Asian kid from In N Out!
I caucused for Ron Paul. I'm a Barry Goldwater conservative. Look up any of this and view their policies.
I get tired of people who have no common sense -__-
The day you realize you are NOT the only one in this world is the day you are really living in a GOOD DAY. <3
My New Joints Are Coming Soon... keep You Posted.....
I think I'm addicted to the client list.
I like Ramiro Pena, but his numbers are generally flat. Yet, Yanks continue calling him up. They know something we don't C yet?
I love how real and happy you are all the time! You truly are an amazing gift!!!
If InDesign is smart enough to have auto-save, why can't all the other programs do the same? They're all Adobe!!
I'm just saying what I feel & the truth if u don't like than adios
you mean in terms of dreads right?
Send us your questions for tonights show!!
the closer we get to the house, the more anxious and excited i get!
no, Ethan is fired. Lmao
John "Wolf". Is that a "Jewish" name?
Come in for a free cup of coffee...African coffee is presumed to increase your mental powers by at least 20%
Follow me on
I went on tour with them
A true love story never has an ending............
Hello Monday morning. We meet again.
I still love you
nice!! My hometown
I swear "they're" trying to kill us with this chemicalized tap water. I know there's worse water out there, but jeez.
We love hearing from you!
Bout to a bad a** shower
You know it's going to be a good day when you wake up 20 min late, and then attempt to put your leg in the wrong pantshole for 5 whole min.
no are u?
back at you!
Don't you wish you could just google anything? Such as "Where's Austin mahone?" Google: "Under your bed"
Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something
Menu for Tuesday Egg White Omelete with Sage Chicken Sausage, Spinach and Roasted Potatoes . Turkey Lettuce Wraps
OMG love Graeters. My good friend (and BU grad) is the manager of 2 So. Ind. stores.
If I got paid for training games, the world would be a better place
Not one of all the LORD's good promises to the house of Israel failed; every one was fulfilled. Joshua 21:45
I adore u! U make me smile inside and out. God bless pretty lady!
Ryan's overview of magic & charlatanry included many intriguing & humorous tales & vignettes--esp astrology, prognostication, & alchemy.
The Farmer's Fair this week and the Navy Bean Fall Festival next week.. you can sure sure tell that it's Autumn in Indiana!
thank u so much. Just trying to hang tough. Lol.. got a bunch of pictures to find. Tears n all but gotta do it. Twugs
Everyone is talking about #ripiau, is still retweeting shit and posting boobs on twitter...that doesn't seem very dead to me
I'd feel bad for Selena too if he left it up.. awh #theywerecutethough :( x
kids just off to HungerGames midnight premier- I'm finishing up Girl with Dragon Tatoo-
Welcome to Twitter, you're gonna have a blast!
I have to go BRB
Thanks to Doc Quinn for the 1st edition of "The Day Lincoln Was Shot". Thinking what have we learned since then.
Life's problems wouldn't be called "hurdles" if there wasn't a way to get over them. ~Author Unknown
im jus kiddin ! If I cud id give to u a hug right now (:
aww, thats my show. & i missed it /:
Head over and check out our good friends The Last Troubadour and Eat The Rich we will be playing with them April 8th.
#Spoiler On this week's Mad Men, Pete joins W.A.S.T.E.
#furchat who's the co-host?
When I am standing in front of God on judgement day, I want him to look at my name and smile.Be proud in serving him! Godizluv. Peace!
Thanks! I hope it makes things easier for everyone!
If u have to go to bed at 9:30 p.m follow me RT it and mention me wen ur done!!!!!! :-)
- no more 2 Tortilla Rolls combo? que pasa?
People all around you are branding you. Good or bad, you’ve got an image to the rest of the world, whether you intended it or not.
I think uncle lennie and ya!
speaking of bachelor parties - when is yours?
I did
last night together 4 season bring us good luck sir!
IEPPal will be exhibiting in the ASHA National Show in November in San Diego - please plan to stop by and meet our team there if you attend
haha, mark hates small dogs too, they can get annoying with their barking..u guys should visit lucille here soon
drink a blackout stout today. fuck sopa!
almost party fouled!!! Somebody cut her off!!!
Classes delayed for 2 and a half hours? ... You know what that means! Sleepy time and ramen. Oh and #TGIF !
I hope they at least get a touchdown or a goal
Oh what a night! Met one of my BFFs 1/2 way between city/burbs to shop (Shoes + hair goodies!), eat (Maggianos) & chat. Spontaneous fun!
ran out of space. Blogger... is nice & easy, so I'd say a 5. Willing to please, but lacking in features.
Thank you Paul Mitchell salon in Phoenix for providing makeovers to my Dress for Success ladies so they look #redhaute for interviews!
It's funny seeing people who don't know how to use #hashtags correctly in their tweets. #
Plays posted so far from 100 cappers and one consensus and more to come...Last night the consensus on FSU hits as they pounded BC
I'll Share Anything. But Not You. ;]
RT : has approved relief $$ for Ulster, Orange & Oneida counties due to Tropical Storms #Irene & Lee.
Mixing & mastering some soundtrack music for a DVD today (doing the authoring as well).
RT : You might see some Katies on WCCO at 6 - many gave "Silent Shout" w/ #deaf hip-hop artist Signmark!
Switzerland is beautiful.
That could've been so much worse. Hope everything turns out ok...
hello lovely lady! i miss you terribly!
Bro, Ashley's Here
People who drink #beer in moderation tend to report fewer instances of ill health than those who don't drink! Pint anyone?
Lmao...Ok ok ok it has been a while lol": DIDNT KNOW THAT WAS U! LOL"
Fam, "Came From The Bottom" track is hot! You have to let your boy come to studio with you one day and let me see how u get down!
65% of the rough cut is done! Another great day at the studio :)
I'm seriously so glad no one saw. Just between me and him. Haha. It hurt!!
how do I get my company affiliated with your company ?
Russell Wilson over Nick Foles??? What are you doing NFL teams. Your all messing up.
!!!!! ": Juventus have gone unbeaten through out this season! That's amazing!"
Looks so delicious!
Now listening to "Lucky Night"
Camp Rock 2 is on now!
Thanks for the follow ! We're always glad to have Girl Scouts come out to visit our 1890s farm!
Ok it team grizz time!!
Finished the James study 2day w/my YMCA fellow-sojourners/now my walk, a little housework and a new book The Swiss Courier by
I teared up not gonna lie
Yep. As part of the initial hiring documents, that might make sense.
whats the number???
Sen. Hansen declares recall victory.
Four cups of coffee with lots of sugar, still sleepy!! What the hell is wrong with me!
Marshall Sylver @ www.getrichradio.com will be signing On in just a minute! Listen now to have a chance in winning the $1000 CASH prize!
#JoeyDiamondFact joeys goal is to be a positive role model for young teenagers... does that explain the Joey Diamond speaks?
Pat Smear on stage with Dave Grohl & co. to accept the Grammy (just wanted to tweet #PatSmear-!)
Man who up !
Stfu about austin not being single!!! First Keyra git hate, and now Austin is getting mean comments about Taylor! Shutup! You girls have no
cool! what did you do?
(john Q adams) where was the media then?
#chocolate added to that mix makes a good snuggle session great.
Thanks - Please send some harissa to make it better! :)
Now that I'm home I'm probably going back to sleep
not if I get shit for Boston from pacers fans
Brian Williams special on obama white house- refreshing, hopeful, classy- things we have been missing
Today just keeps getting better 😝
Who saw Don Kelly's great grab in the stands in RF last night to seal the Tigers' 6-4 win at Seattle?
I've done Sxsw since I was 17 & I'm missing it this year.... Sad sad day! So all you peeps checking n on 4sq, u r not my friends right now!
#YouKnowItsRealWhen when I bring you around my BFF. To bad you messed it up.
Quit putting in a show it's annoying
I'm blown away by the community of home #beer brewers that has developed on YouTube. Learning lots just reading comments left by others.
haha. Oh well your still lucky!(: you got to talk to him, & he has your twitter now (:
- Hey, it's Monday. All good revolutions start on a Monday.
umm when was the peace?
JULY 28TH! 2013! SEATTLE. SO EXCITED!!! and ARE COMING TO TOWN. :D
Mandatory Evacuation of AC. No beach or shopping for me today. I hate you Irene!
May I do my part in both areas.
that's interesting.. Sounds dope
lind. Just find some for me n let me know the prices. Get my # from Ken. Thx
Can't wait until we open at 4 today. Looking forward to some great Bowl Games this weekend!
Bout to blast some music & write this Mo'Fo essay -_-
#Lakers fans usually are filled with love for our own. So is the case for the Fish ovation.
I already hava a box of Coors Light, don't need more commercials telling me to buy more PUT THE GAME ON!
apparently.... i leave a hell of an impression!!!!
S/o To My Nigga
oh...don't tempt me. I would totally love rent a puppy!!
Samsung S-Voice is a Siri rival for Galaxy S I - Android Community
Listen to our music or the kitten DIES.
Thanks for the TotD!
I'm dilating @ 1cm & Teagan is doing 1000% though So i won't complain this will be over in no time !
I see. Is it because I made that Alabama joke that one time? Lol
#NW Tropic Thunder
Facebook just spent a billion dollars on a patina filter.
Making a pit stop and an old man just informed me, "watch out boy...there ain't no crapper paper in there!"
Good Burger is on omg my life
that actually only makes 9 for Bama. They lie about the others.
did you get your dvds yet? are you gettin' sexy?
Congrats for your feature on Kickin' it with Kenny. Awesome location, awesome wears! Good job guys.
Watched an absolutely fascinating piece on beavers. I want a pet beaver.
The ratio of men to women who now watch the superbowl is 3 to 2. Women are coming around to the NFL in droves.
if your a beautiful freak then light the place up
Nine In The Afternoon - Panic! At The Disco. :D I'm loving this, so much good music! :D <3 haha
Thanks! Take a look at #11 :)
I got that bitch by the mind...Her mind is what the fuck i got, she can't stop thinking about me day or night..Mind control on these bitches
I get the best feeling in the world when you say hi or even smile at me because I know, even just for a second, that I've crossed your mind.
Welcome back to reality, where there are only 20 more work days of the year. What are we going to accomplish?
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
crap just stepped on and popped my ice pack..are you allowed to touch that stuff... its everywhere :(
We Will Never Let Justin Go <333
I need to do something soon that doesn't make me feel like an adult and doesn't happen in a nightclub.
Aww thanks Beautiful!!!
Thanks for keeping us informed. I think that was the saddest email this morning.
NDSA voted to ratify the organizing documents. Interested organizations can go to: www.digitalpreservation.gov/ndsaform
You got to turn up the radio
. You guys slayed Flammable last night! Kyle that percussion you were bringin. Fire! A & J, grooves 4 days!
me! someone should bring them back.
New GPG/SMUGs member perk: 15% off all (including Viveza2)! Check your perks page for the code.
I loved it too, over 100 animators.... Crazy
Ann....now just brutal.
one more follower and i donate now $60!!! to the breast canser foundation
Why on earth would you follow me? Have you lost your mind or are you simply masochistic? I deball RWNJ trolls for sport.
I saw "Bully" today. Take your kids to see it and if you don't have kids, see it anyway. Come on people, can we all get along?
your just fine
physics.....more like dhysics
not asking you to do anything. It came off as 'look at the freak' more than 'omg' to me, that's all. Thank you for clarifying.
When Princeton talks to Christmas With MY Girl >>>>>>>
Looking for #glutenfree dining in #DC? LiLLiES in #WoodleyPark offers a wide array of gluten free menu items to accommodate your every need!
Katy Perry wants to go country. You should do a duet with her. Instead of twang you'll have 'tune.
Oh, "The Amazing Spiderman" looks delicious and highly entertaining!
Amen, Chris. RT : "It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believe in myself." ~Muhammad Ali
Pray for abused and neglected children. Psalm 127:3. Children are a gift from the Lord; they are a reward from him.
<----- my idol aka the vocal master
Anybody going to see the ziggy stardust at the music box on thurs? Thinking about it.
trying to keep from getting distracted
My album sounds beautiful. I am so happy about it. And I had a rockin photo shoot so I'm feelin' good. Tired but good. So tired. So good.
you. are. the. man. Graduation May 12th, then a lot of things to figure out. Can't thank you enough for having my back this much
Haha! Sorry, Rick. #NoMoBigEast. At least u wont have to play Providence again. ": ESPN says UofL looking to move to Big12 or ACC.”
the variety of things you can do as an actor is amazing. Its gonna be so much fun. From drama to action, to comedy, to horror
thanks man. Saw CP3 for first time last night. Amazing.
Let's get this straight.. It annoys me when people hit me up on FB chat and log off without saying goodbye.
Ep 2, even better! Thought about diff segments? Maybe a "this day in music"? Or artist birthday? Or something cooler?
Enjoyed the article!
Fool<3 Did you use the Combined Gas Law for all the problems? Well, most?
awh it's okay B :)
u didn't bring the unigrowler?
JAIIII! FOLLOW P L E A S E!
Wow its been a longg day
5 more days and I'll be a starry-eyed Southern girl in the big NYC. Any more recommendations for a first time New York visitor?
Tonight's special: Hey Sloppy Joes! Vegan-friendly, served w/ potato salad & chips. Just $6!
RT : Santorum mentions "bottom" twice. Please keep your private life to yourself, Rick.
They just advertised KSR on WQMF.
What happened when the cannibal bit off a missionary's ear? He had his first taste of Christianity!
none of my followers know who he is when he followed me and TWEETED that he did they were like who that. Sad
haha omg xD and I think its totally cute & adorable that you Love Cats and kittens <3
your legs should be really fresh then - right? good luck and have fun. i'll be cheering for you.
Please pray for our show.
would love to see a copy of the ephemera paper; please share when you're ready.
I may look OK, but i am not. I might say i don't care, but i really do. I might say i don't love you, but that's not true <3
can I get one please
I'm not touching you!!
I'm so good with this, I remind you I'm so hood with this.
Got it! Welcome to Twitter! QT : Biggs - tell me if you get this.
shut up haha lol I see u right now science class sucks ughh im bored
looks more like a monkey...
I'll be here tho. Don't worry. RT : I have a new fear, fear of loosing you.
hey follow me please thk ;)
Spencer and Emily is trending...WOW
About to head to bed. Got some crap on my mind. Made a new video to on my main channel if you wanna check it out! :)
Everyone go follow please! She needs more followers! Thanks(:
It has just now set in...
wishes the most talented rhymers would all work together so we can all be rich and successful.
48 Hrs Mystery tonite...hoping they preview our show that will air next week...getting so excited!
