RT : Today I received the endorsement of HOSPAC, the state political action committee of the Texas Hospital......
M&A Tip of the Day- Make sure your post closing transition is carefully planned. Many issues can come up so to plan is crucial...
One of the best things about working at GW is that the gourmet food trucks park in the street behind the English Dept! Asian tacos FTlunchW!
Great run in the
Catching up on #Californication and Moody just said
Women's 'no' in most cases means "ask me again")))
"The way to happiness: Forget self, think of others. Try this for a week and you will be surprised."~Norman Vincent Peale
I can not wait for #BOYFRIEND music video! Ah *screams* its gonna be #swaggie &&
i thought ur white when i first saw yu lmao
Who are Lexington's most powerful tweeters? I've heard mentioned several times. Who else? I need suggestions.
Just spent a small fortune at Sephora to counter how manly all this training is making me feel. Don't know what primer is, but I bought it!
darn, it works for me, but it's just a FB post, so it may require being friends w/ him. i've shared it on my FB page too.
": #TeamBlackBerry I'm back #BBM pin:33091B99" FELLAZ. ADD MY SISTER. SHE IS A NEW YORK PORN STAR TURNED MODEL. 321E399F
I know you probably won't see this, but it's worth a try; it would absolutely make my day if you followed mee ♥
better bring that with you tonight little girl!!!
HOW FUN!! I have relatives like that.
Standing tall for all the educated brothers with tattoos and an insatiable appetitie for knowledge.
I wish i could do that
As misshapen as we feel ourselves to be, attention from another reminds us of our true shape in God: Greg Boyle, Tattoos on the Heart
I gotta go somebody ask Trey to follow me please I need help
We had a wonderful time yesterday. We hope all of you at the parade did too!
Richmond National Battlefield Park Ribbon Cutting Ceremony will take place on Sept 10th
DONE!!! when is tg doing another show?!?!?!
great Denise! And you? How goes life?
#MadeUpSexualPositions The Crabby Patty :~: you know you want it Haha
Time to hit the gym before my classes start. BRB.
The joys of tipton county...
If u live in Austin look north. Round rock is getting hammered
YOU DON'T KNOW OH OH YOU DON'T KNOW YOUR BEAUTIFUL!
Y every body gotta be mad at me! ~I'm so unknow bout this info <is there another Kayla I dnt know about saying stuff 0.0 -_- <.>
Ponyboy was sexy as hell(;
I think that is called "Media Malpractice"!
ditto, thanks to I've made it my mission in life to stalk La Jolla until I find out who he is.
Handlebar Mustache
I went down with the ship....LOL. Will fly my house flag proudly. Gonna stay off Twitter to avoid the Flower bashing.
EVEN IF IM NOT FROM SWITZERLAND
I think I need a happy hour...
ooh yours sounds better than mine I want one of them one's
Just witnessed history- Gay Men's Chorus sang National Anthem at the Wizards game- an NBA first I am told! Thanks to the Wizards 4 ho ...
Should I get 2 iPads and sell one?
witnessed a heated argument between a dutch journalist and a russian technologist. 'u don't know shit' was tossed about
Got a cramp in my leg!! Hurts like hell!
What do you think is the best song to play on piano?
So, I grabbed my umbrella on a whim this morning. Best whim ever.
Great crowd at the waiting for Hadag Nahash to take the stage. As soon as we clear the Will-Call line folks. Savlanut!
do you mean the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge or is this something else?
Lol! Yup, it is
I think digg is a very useful tool on the internet
I can't wait to hear Austin's new songs.
Pac12 ROY, Pac12 Coach of Year, Regular Season Champ ... Apparently doesn't mean much now.
Q: Are we too dependent on our subscribed systems in an age that calls for flexibility, versatility, and DIY?
we should catch up soon on AIM/GTalk/whatever works-I suspect our interests may be even more parallel than they were back in the day!
♫♫~ Im Making a Taylor Swift Fan Video. Who wants to be in it? It will be sent to her tweet me! ~♫♫
Freedom of conscience for me, but not for thee.
In china the KFC slogan finger lickin good translates to eat your fingers off
#np I need that- Vixen ENT :)
...famous last words
Shane Mosley is punch drunk. Golden Boy should retire him before he gets hurt
LMAO, what do you want, madam?
Apparently, having a 7 year old daughter has turned me into a 13 year old girl.....#teamseddie!!!
Aww I love Dogs so much!!! They rock!!!!
See you tonight?!
like histrionics, but historical. e.g., "I tried to push him on the issue of listenership, but he just slipped into historics.
So I went to high school with your new basketball coach. He was a year older than me.
According to WWD Anthropologie plans to open its first accessories-only store and has several other new concepts .
Holmes hires former Shelby Valley head coach, Jason Booher
I got a problem,... I like to fuck
hey! Crazy busy day yesterday! My suggestion is to add a vitamin and/or electrolytes too. Let me know if you need any thing else.
Celebrate Jazz Tonight 7pm-10pm @ Washington Convention Center (Ballroom A) JAZZ CONCERT & ISSUE FORUM
I had to come in and shut shit down, which I did! ;)
A world where the likes of Josh Morgan, Jason Campbell & Eddie Royal are trending on isn't a world a sports fan wants to be part of
indeed, it's a powerful one!
good back to school today :) I love U <3
I see bro. This what they been waitin for.......
"Remember when you were a kid waiting all year for summer vacation? Life has a way of passing by faster than any old summer vacation."
I wake her up everyday to take me.
Resisting reading Fish on MLA titles. Been there. Done that.
glad you both had fun! We have to get together soon ;) XOXO cc
so u second PB?
: RT if you agree employers should NOT be able to ask you for your passwords to Facebook/private online accounts
Fatal-- pedestrian vs. vehicle accident on 212 and Reform. More info coming up at 7:30 on
gotta head to work tweethearts!!! later days!
Do you or david still have acess to a super 8, ?
#YouRaiseCeeLoUp so he can see in mirrors.
The Bucks will battle it out against the Cleveland Cavaliers tonight at 7:30 p.m.
Linear Actuators and Control Boxes -Progressive Automations
Yes, they are. Nice shot.
Thanks for making it happen - great event! RT : Thx for participating tonight! Really enjoyed your perspective.
I wish I still weren't attracted to you 😔
Elections years always force me to remind myself that I shouldn't change my friendship with someone purely b/c of their political ideology.
Keep rewinding the tv so I can watch 's video for Wanted over and over.
At Philly in Week 2 will be tough for #Ravens. Michael Vick should be healthy early in the season, matchup nightmare when 100 percent
mother daughter breakfast. im modeling....yay... at least my twinny is doing it too (;
Lmfao ! That just made my week !!!! :D hahahaha lololol
'Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and life to everything.'
He happened to break Peyton Manning's record for winningest QB in NCAAF history
has an oversensitive nose xD I hope the holidays don't kill her!
There are rules for late submission of evidence that qualifies for consideration, Clerk's file.
I'm in yankton until I move next week! Gone for this weekend though as of tomorrow. Back on Sunday - Wednesday
lmmfao at the way you said that tho!
There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up. -John Andrew Holme
My (almost) 5 month old cocker spaniel has the energy of a boxer puppy. It's scary.
Thanks for following.
I'm guessing republicans can't find a hole big enough to hide in right about now! But democrats will probably save them!
Stuck late at the office? We're open till 8 pm! Come by & we'll give you a big stress-relieving hug!
16 time Grammy winner.
Complete with diagrams and ratings? Oh, my, the head reels at the possibilities.
Three new interfaces this month means we can now connect with about 75% of pharmacies in the country. ECP eMAR and EMR is on.
#TheReasonWhyILoveBasketball 🏀🏀🏀 It helps me clear my mind and not stress about anything...
I think I developed an allergy to coffee smh
omg there was so much mindfuckery in that tweet
Mavs clinch another playoff berth
Thanks, Mark! I added you to the class list.
If you think O-hole is bad wait till the real Antichrist arrives.
there's room! I'm headed to happy hour pals. xo
Why the Efficient Markets Hypothesis Is a &quot;Half-Truth&quot;
Q9 - I'm running a 5K in June!
Great morning with Democrats. The Party is waiting to endorse in #AD79 but I'm proud to have won the most votes from delegates today.
#FF my new followers if you aren't already.. Missed some:(
In the end, it is the person you become, not the things you have achieved, that is the most important.
Waiting for the all-clear from , but processing service appears to be back up, at least for the moment.
Hello! What kind of clinic do you work in?
that's cause you got the CAT SCRATCH FEVER. Rimshot.
Some n00b is texting me lols.
If. I can't outwit a bunny rabbit, I may as well pack my things and go home.
RT : It's better to go slowly in the right direction than go speeding off in the wrong direction.
my parents are coming in2 town for my bday this weekend if u want 2 join 4 din?
has all the Lolz today
Yes, I noticed this a long, long time ago. Are you just noticing now, or did 'mac point this out to you?
downloaded trial of CS5
Thanks to Jon W Foland for "liking" us today
Health issues!! Yikes!! RT : #teamVirgo what's your biggest fear?
FUCK YEAH WE'RE GONNA PARTY TONIGHT!
PRAISE THIS AMAZING WEATHER!
impossible to say only one, serious horror, comedy horror or cult?
Just listened to the best anti-censorship song ever... "Should I See" by Frozen Ghost. (BTW, follow the PackerPage!) Call me!
Thanks for including us in the Rebound Lovers Daily! It's SUCH a good daily, people - READ it!
Really needs to work on the basketball game review but cuddling with my son is so much more relaxing!
I mean of course it's raining too.
Thanks it really works. I needed help organizing story ideas. Using a structure map makes the ideas start to click into place.
": Then Some Chips & Ice Cream #HerDAUGHTER" you need to eat some veggies, ur still growing..
Good Morning World!!! Currently at 10:55am in Atlanta, GA it is 37 degrees. High: 54* Low: 30*
"Get to know each other cause you never know when their going to be gone"
My first album is gonna be called saxual healing and every purchase gets a love potion.
March 30-April1: Visit ACRL Booth 215 (ATLA) for a free gift and a chance to win some cool prizes, like Sennheiser headphones.
Another day, more stress. What else is new... Stupid insomnia.
I hear you
Louie Oosthuizen double eagles hole 2 at #Augusta for the first time in Masters history.
Yes, yes, I'm sure you know my needs better than I do.
Since it is a beautiful day and I'm not letting anything ruin my mood, I will let the fact that you are an absolute idiot slide.
Hey Auto Show goers! Clue: We have soul, and that's still fun, but this little car, is an EPIC one! Tweet us a picture of the car and win!
Unknown artist? Unload your music for sell...www.whoorli.com
R.I.P. Maurice Sendak - I owe you much for my childhood inspiration to read and dream.
Cold pizza and green tea? Okay den.
I'm always going to have the inch of doubt becuase of this.
I need something to do.
LMFAOOO. boys are disgusting. omg
Stopping home for the first time in awhile..#seeyaconshy 
hellhole rat race
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else
Tips for Designing Website /GUI , silverlight , HTML , Flash, CSS ...
I love that shit!!!!!
ya'll gonna make me act a fool up in here up in here..
Any nursing alumni out there? In honor of Nurses Week, UOPX is offering a complimentary continuing education course and four...
brb pulling my amazing iphone outta my ass you gotta wait till tomorrow den xo
I was in a couple of writers groups that had McKeeheads spouting rules. I think they want to be right about something, anything.
Athena got some new sexy lingerie for tonight and oh man...whoa....toc bar baby with myself in the mix and athena hosting the night.
oh ok. Well, still cool. I like Lindy's stuff, too. Keep up the good work
Atleast I can get on twitter and not get weather updates...
College Planning Workshop tonight at Rancho San Diego Library. Should be a great turnout with tons of information.
goodnight bad bitch ;D
just a thought but it would be interesting if you did vintage pin up girl tutorial. both hair and make up.
Another tip 4 the Chinese New Year is 2 use these last 2 days to finish any old business so you can go into the New Year with a fresh start!
I'm trying to avoid using proper nouns. I purchased the magnetic folding one.
Thanks to everyone who came to the show!
thx for the rides today and for your energy at the #fairshareoxy action. You are awesome!
McDonald's sweet tea! (:
My new fav commercial: "What are *you* doing in your yard!?"
Our 2011 DC debut has been confirmed: Wednesday 4/13, DC9. Now exhale...
RT : The art history dept at Pratt misses you! | Thank you! So nice to hear, I miss the department and especially the students!
Happy birthday! And thank you, this looks pretty cool.
Mark Jackson just coined the "Jordin Sparks" defense -- giving Z-Bo "no air." SMH
In a society That has destroyed all adventure, the only adventure is to destroy that society
You are most welcome. Thank you for writing yet another brilliant book. I always look forward to your titles. :)
me too. But I can't ask a guy to risk his champion $ to "put on a show for the fans." It's a shame. But the answer is more talent
Got the day off for Columbus day? Naughton's is open to help you w/ those home plumbing, heating & cooling projects you've been working on.
oh god. yeah ride that stripper pole for gus.
sending prayers up bro.
The only guy who will forever have my heart . ♥
Last day of break hello school :(
Ball don't lie. That was an awful foul call.
In light of the bigger problems at stake, the fact that the article is paywalled-off just seems so perfectly appropriate somehow.
#bestconsultsever Super nice social work student wonders if I do this as an assistantship while in school. Full time librarian here.
What is your favorite eBay tool?
Papa Murphy's Classic Italian. Only the finest! ;)
excellent choice of beer my friend
You need to be ready to act quickly with social media. Allow PR to drive key messages.
they're both cute but I like the three piercing one better ( :
Small island nations commit to new steps at UN forum to reduce fossil fuel use
Blue light Curtain just took the stage at Highline, still lots of time to get here and see amazing music.
ITs PAY DAY and tonight its on at WET NIGHTCLUB with POWER 102 9-2a, Drink specials, Power Mixers & more! 915-449-2066
Correction today paintball
thank you. I'm much better.
haha see you there 👍
"Strawberry Fields Forever, was inspired by a Salvation Army house near Lennon's childhood home
Boarding the plane to go back to missouri.
That'll be great ill be there in 40 min
absolutely. call or come by the gallery. have a great weekend.
RT Sugar Shane will fall soon! So will Big Ben too! Welcome to Raven Nation brother. Next man up-Shaw!
Fill in the blank! Everything I needed to know about #compensation I learned from ____.
Witnessing directorial genius of with animator/creator
Lol well keep that in mind I got you
Uh, I hate that too. Viscerally.
Hi , what service do you require?
I am from the city where where the hoes at means what's up
"I was not disappointed. I met brothers&sisters I never knew I had. I danced & sang & prayed, my heart was at home." -MWills (Zimbabwe 2011)
Listening to old J Hood from like 2004-05
Lol ya now because of me, my mom is dreaming about u as well. Funny...lol
that depends: did you play the drums on all your records?
at the Casco Bay Inn in Freeport, Maine! just bought so much stuff! time for dinner! :]
Me too!
Getting new headshots with Jon Simpson this Thursday.
Day 1 of captain's school today!
YEAH FIELDER
everyone's welcome to #HackingEdu Happy Hour on Thursday, if there are any tix left is managing RSVP's
Hey I dm'd u not sure if u got it.. we want to put some videos of yours on our site.. which one would u like us to put on? :)
COCKTAIL SPECIAL TODAY $20 for a tan plus a spray tan! Get ready for the weekend wooohooooo
question: how do we make this content discoverable? the stuff is in discrete containers all over out web spaces.
haha I just got mine after I got done with finals (my other one was school loaned) so I know how you feel about being obsessed.
hell yahh giants!!
For those who attended Federated Identity Essentials in Norway 3/22 - I have updated materials link for you, go get it!
yes, I am at my daughter's school. Such fun. :)
Girl you look good when you back that ass up!
Gonna go see #MaMainBitch after this showaaaaa
21 Days Left until Summer! gotta finish strong. #yesyesyesyesyesyesyeah 
Just woke up from a dream that I was feeding a horse apples with an outstretched palm & it tried to bite my finger off. What does that mean?
Hey look at me, I'm tweeting for the first time... oh wait, you can't see me... only my tweet. I still need to upload my picture.
Mary Gaitskill. Michael Cunningham. Eileen Myles.
there are some projects a few blocks from Chubby's and Mile High Stadium.
Last hour of ALL the Hours approaches and I'm actually nervous -- how will Mike pull it all together??
now you know better. It's high school, showing up and doing the work is 85% of the battle.
was it your gameplay?? I haven't watched it yet
Ministers & clergy have said nothing about president Obama's embracing of non-traditional marriage. I think this is hypocritical. TBR
I will give you the best trick and treat; u had ever :) just hit me up?!
fantastic! Great idea to come early
I've always used Little Photo, not Instagram.
maybe knows...
R.I.P E Kennedy!
Wow, just won 2 free airline tickets at game for naming their bench "NY Underground" Thanks and #knicks !
Yorkshire tea ahh!
oh and here come the excuses folks. take it like a man mintz.
Thx, Delayed flight from CMH = missed flight at IAD. Sorry but I'll be late to JFK!
Oh no no it's ok I clean
Q: Would you like to go abroad? #Pollock "No. I don't see why the problems of #Modern painting can't be solved as well here as elsewhere"
This sub is a Nazi.
Oh hai GM commercial about how Detroit is hard working and resilient! 2011 much?
"We All Have A Really Short Friend" no I AM the short friend.
Liking the way Greinke is throwing tonight. 1 hit through 5 innings, not bad. Go Crew.
here and ready :)
Ukuk, member " yea in ma white tee " lml :o
its truth be told now or its meet your demise ;D
FRIDAY: All 2011 tees will be $10, plus we'll have a bin of designs ready for $5 while-you-wait tees! Stop by 5440 Penn Ave
Just signed up for the Google BigQuery service.
Hey there!
multiple reasons for Xmas-treeing bubble sheets. Exams should only count for grades where tied to curriculum (EOC)
Twitter is hella not my thing .. lmao bye guys
Haha! You have a really good memory! I want to come see you & booza soon! :)) I think we should make come with!
Get it out of there, Kansas.
All I wanna do is spend money , laugh, eat & have fun.!!
Wake up Williamsburg! Come get yer #breakfast burritos! Taco Chulo style!
ah shown on #Enews twice today.. Not used to this, looking good ;)
Punching fire extinguishers: that's that shit I don't Ike
just made a fan happy with her hug me sign.
Day 2 of the Dupuy/Allen workshop on pedagogy and multiliteracy. We'll be tweeting comments, insights, etc. Not from an iPhone this time!
You should ask..
Gameday! Make sure to come on down to the MCSC and check out all the action tonight. Cheapest entertainment in town.
Join us next week for BridgeTEFL Tweetchat! Enjoy your weekend everyone...
We must change in order to survive. -Pearl Bailey
At Reagan going N on yellow line. Woman who's driving has outstanding comm skills - love riding with her.
FWI I go to church
Help pay the bills! Keep job til this doubles income then go FT! 27 yr old company does $800 million last yr! 360-217-7967
Listening to #stateradio on a bright sunny Monday.
Being brave is being afraid and still moving forward...
Thanks for sharing our blog post!
Teens seem to be getting prego or married. O_o
I hate when someone important to me disappoints me, especially for something that's supposed to be "a thing of the past"
Thanks for following us, we appreciate it! :) ^SZ
I miss my nigga no homo lol
Tweet! Tweet! I too am tweeting at you. I mostly just retweet Jose Canseco tweets. :)
This is my first twitter message! Cool!
I see a office space copier reenactment.
I didn't buy a lottery ticket but I did bang a rich old man. Here's to hoping he'll die soon!
“: is telling random boys on the bus to lickety that she works out 3 times a week..” lies
people complain about the game not the maps. At least that's what I have noticed. Haven't played the game for about 2 wks feels gdd
Words I'm planning to live by...via Leslie Visser..."Sports are the ultimate passport!"
Okay, Tigers! Here We Come!
This could constitute an unfollow #WomanBeater but, will let it slide to get to know u
Hmu, my album's coming out real soon, doe! Hmu!
just wrote you on Facebook
CEO Kelly Brough has a simple message on behalf of Colorado's kids "help us". Support house bill 1238
ahit you and ya family lol
The shows of Tv more jeniales are and
okay and ill bring starbursts too
will you be at the #Madden NFL cover announcement tomorrow? If so, would love to connect at some point.. Best of luck!
Great to hear that Wisconsin's unemployment rate continues to fall (7.3% in Nov).Our neighbor,Illinois (10%),Our Country (8.6%).
Congrats! I will have to make the next one.
hour. Love you!
his show is a mess today not only one but two, I'm kind of nervous about the third one
Agreed. Not exactly what league wants to hear. Thought interview was still a brutally honest depiction of the sport though.
Always think of your meals in this order: protein, fat, carbs. Amount of carbs should always be determined by amount of activity.
CALLING ALL FELLAS!Who can do it better?Who can go hard till the end and never let up?♥
I don't want to go to school...
“: u still #tardyforthaweddin?”>>> I am
I'm an NPC in the game of my life.
Funny cause it is..
"Carlos Boozer a one man wrecking machine here in the second half." Interesting word choice.
You've crossed too far over the line at the point when people burn down a church simply over the matter of race. Unacceptable.
Of course! Thank you!
hahahaha favorite word ❤ but when will you be in Muncie again boyfriend.
Great trailers for devil times five, jaguar lives, enter the ninja and tons more opened scifi spectacular 6
Everyone is a friend, until they prove otherwise. -
Sodas are bad, mmmmkay. RT A recent study shows consumption of diet drinks may actually increase waist size: weil.ws/oNkTEg
*Intro to Restaurant Customer Service* has partnered w/ us with this 8-week course! the lovely Instructor!
Dear #YouTube, why did you block my movie clips...but I can find those same clips all over YouTube?
#Tonight was really nice that's all I can say. c:
Ok, I'll run out and buy one right now. :) (Hey there, stranger!)
Why am I hearing trains at 11:47 pm?
I am revising a WIP this morning, having turned from England/Florence 1850 to London 1601! My latest novel has just been sent to my agent..
RT : Phaedra what did u see??? "Dirt and grass" LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! ~ I am crying laughing! 😂
While pushing their 34 dollar t-shirts on you in the concession stand lobby -
I like that real sexy and juicy
I believe Terry. The same thing just happened to Metta WorldPeace.
I'm still-- and always-- 100% pro hug. It's the rest of the world that has conditions.
I'm willing to engage in conversations no matter what your opinion is, but if you're hateful or a name caller, the key word then is "block."
When you think you said something Slick and nobody retweet! Dam! Let alone Follow!
Benny's adorable, so I'm not even mad.
ZillyDilly creator will be at #IRA2012 tomorrow! Let us know if you're attending and let's meet up!
I was saying that Sunday. And thus evident that his hot wife CLEARLY married him for his money.
I need to get a lawyer......... to write my political science 300 briefs.
Hitler destroyed the German university with design; we destroyed ours without
very cool...
Jam lead at halftime 66-53. Butch with 17 points, making five 3 pointers
Endless Possibilites when you find the Right Plan that lets you set aside a small amount for your Retirement. Share it for Huge Returns!!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 16
well it's a star inside of a star and i wanted to either get it on my wrist or my hip, pelvis area
The reason a dog has so many friends is that he wags his tail instead of his tongue. ~Author Unknown
if you talk about something after it airs, it's not a 'spoiler.' Spoilers come from sneak previews and such.
We are obsessed with PLLs too! Love that show - especially the creepy end bit!
The joys of being the golf caddy. :/
I love how in the Niggas In Paris video they have a clip from Blades Of Glory 
When I'd go to clubs, I spent half the time texting people who weren't there. Eventually I realized I could just send those texts from home.
Feast your ears on the #SundayJazzLounge tonight at Bohemian Caverns 8-11 Featured soloist Tedd Baker!!
NYC is super fun. You'll love it.
happy birthday man!
I'm gonna punch SO HARD WHEN I SEE HER
I need a side job... I wanna do too many things
What I love about teaching: Gone two days and the other 1400 kids and teachers in our school plow on. Gotta get back on that horse and go!
Swim Good..Frank Ocean an everyday all day song ii listen to. Lol
Sports Bar
Cue sleep-deprivation and lots of writers all in one place, plus perusing lots of journals. Any writers festa coming up?
TONITE! Are you struggling, always working to get new customers? Turn current ones into your best sales team! www.CantSucceedWithoutIt.com!
When the only person you want to text takes forever to reply<
Once again i was the only guy with a wild camo jacket at the meeting lol
Deal of the Day: Girder & Panel Deluxe 300 pc Construction Kit for $48.95 (over $50 off!) Awesome gift for builders.
lol I see.
Home from work, going to bed, getting up in less than five hours. The things I do for the #Brewers ...
powered up computer and smelt magic smoke....never a good sign...
yep...don't have one of those here in Austin. :(
thanks for a great session!
Oh that would be nifty! and I are going together but that's all I know of!
Hey! Yes Im all moved in, well mostly,ha ha, no internet in the place yet. There is an apt open if you are interested :)
did anyone get a picture of the reserved seats for tea party in jfc? Headline: "these seats were paid for by..."
I put my life on it u won't score on me if I didn't want u 2 moma
Yea u get attention from stayin in a dudes face but that let's them know your easy ITS NOT CUTE!!
go head get yo drink on!
Tell me that u trust i will continue to soar w the wind. #dissertating w a
Well how would you use it?
I've just come back from the beauty parlour. Pity it was closed!
Thanks Dee!!!
girl she probably scared of her too! Lol and you know Tami on twitter saying she's being bullied on the Internet now?!
Youngest wants me to make her choc from scratch. Keeps asking where we can get cacao! (This after bringing home lib. book)
So ready although this is the first video that is really un-scripted or planned. OEM Storage..GO :)
Soo tired! Lazy sunday for me I think
The quite car on the train does not excuse people from expressing common courtesy i.e. excuse me, pardon me, good morning...
As we ready to start a new week, remember how God will guide us through the coming week and God's spirit will be with us.
This movie is so intense!!!.
Takes a couple of idiots to ruin the whole thing
Botched an audition, but later got a call that I'm back on the gig that canceled last week. God always has a blessing in store!
that was a major gaffe!
“: Ke$ha's single "Tik-Tok" sold more copies than any single from The Beatles.”😒😒😒
If consistently writing than I'd say it's time for an official response. Point by point, respectful and professional.
hey! Happy whatever you celebrate!! Congrats on all the bookings!!
sorta kind of.. How you been?
I sure am!
Kick off at 6:26 come save your seat!'
Tweet something.
#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb lol no who ever wasted their time coming up with this trend is dumb...you dont even know the fanbase's name-.-idiots.
Unfair, cheating and scary- take on "Fantasy changes the way you watch the game."
we out to Pacha Saturday
Jenna tweeted about it, too.
Sheryl Crow just brought Brad Paisley onstage at
I wanted to come Tonight but they were completely sold out :( another day though!!!
Yo man...where you been?? Holla at me.
k, thanks! I'll call you all soon!
*sigh* I want to resort to illegally downloading music but I'm too big of a music enthusiast to do it.
Ok twitter, teach me your ways.
if u need hook-up @ UltraBar Thursdays TXT me names for list: 703-407-3810
it was adrian but no one is gaining weight over here
It's called the fastlane #idiot:)
so much for the revenge.
IMO it's generall folks that don't want to invest effort in having a timely blog but don't want that to be obvious
what time is umami done serving?
Wishing u and ur family a merry Christmas! I hope Santa was good to ur boys! :-)
Already ordered my #Kony2012 bracelet.. Have you??
Having to watch the Caps game off of the Boston TV feed is awful.
RT : RT : I don't get why same sex marriage is such a problem. If you don't like it, don't marry the same sex ...
yes when.. We need to laugh. Miss u!
now I know who and when you were talking about We were at Landmark with Megan I did this because I think about you ALL THE TIME!!
Of course you did! She's got a smile on her face!
Rainy days are good for oil changes!
Made 's chocolate pudding last night and we're all hooked! So rich and delicious. I keep sneaking spoonfuls!
Did you move back or just visiting? I'm looking for a roommate :)
WTF is up with my twitter is not letting me follow or follow back
Liberty University is aptly named since there you have the liberty to ban the College Democrats from campus.
Read about dinner at Sylvia's and how you wanted more tweets. That is too cool. I would text with you!!
..but under NO circumstances, should you take THIS SHIT, savy? What, does she have a spell on you, literally?
Slight Work :)
Naturita motto reinforces partnership emphasis: "we accomplish nothing alone"--
Its all good Bruce. Keep doing the do!
yup. That's my lil daughter chick. She is my world. :)
Most frustrating day ever
Isn't "farther" for physical distance and "further" for degree? (I always mix 'em up!)
I want to meet a guy named Art. I'd take him to a museum, hang him on the wall, criticize him, and leave.
RT : R.I.P. Steve Jobs. I hope the iPhone works in heaven.
On Thursday we open for submissions to The Orphanage Writer's Residency!
The words I use in my stories can be found in the dictionary it's just a matter of arranging them into the right sentences.
Omg I'm starving
So sorry I missed Gabriel's b'day! Say do you have the link to his upcoming film All Things To All Men? Thanks Stella!
- here we go again! Another day of class - I know you'll wow me!
did you get the email I forwarded to you today?
So call me maybe
haha thanks girl!! Love you:) thanks for coming!!
Bitches be trippin on twitter, like chick ur 2. Go to ur room!
Sweet baby Jesus I am so ready to go!
I live near Orlando,(4 hour drive) but who's Cody Simpson?
Women make the world go round
Unix, DOS and Windows...the good, the bad and the ugly. - Shahazad
Getting my nails done and this lady is making me bleed so much -_-
OMG I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.. i want to see you in concert but i live in America... :(
I heard Raven came out the closet....How in the fuck did Raven Symone fit in a closet any way?
We are launching a new product that is a vinyl adhesive nail wrap, sure to not chip...ever! Would a black design interest you?
only if hes related to Bernie, Linda, &amp; Jeanna! lol
Any time today is good for me Steve. Look forward to it!
hm. I may just do that! Any Specials tonight or just the some ole GREAT Food
I grew up in Chicago on Lake Michigan and lived in Houston, 50 miles from the Gulf and Galveston. I miss that beach!
can u please talk to me LAWWWWWWWL ?
Is it just me but Howard Stern would make a better judge on #Idol than Steven or Randy; he's articulate, coherent and he's not creepy at all
yooooooo did ya get the email?????
Its been a while twitter haha, havnt really had time to visit :) busy day today and work later! X
Birthday Weekend has Officially started!!! Gonna go crazy!!
Happy New Year Bro!!!
…sisters who like to steal my iPad and hijack my twitter account.
Yayyyy! Thank u!
“Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.” Paulo Coelho
Exactly. If people keep paying to see crap while ignoring great unique films, that is what they will continue to get.
LMAO!!!!!! SHEEN!!!!!!! He was freakin weird, but I love the connection all these years later, you're hilarious Belle!!!
Thinking if I sleep in my workout clothes, I will be more likely to get up to go to the gym in the morning? Wishful thinking?
oh for sure. I don't know off the top of my head but I can find out!
it wasn't a group! It was just me -flips hair-
before? nah
At Langsam. The place where I bump classical music.
Birthday Cake may be our most popular flavor, but Ginger is one of our most unique! Stop by and try both today!
They always say the hottest love has the coldest end.
Too early!
Join us this evening for cocktail reception E&O Trading www.eotrading.com/ 7:30-9:30pm (via )
Welcome to The Spot Have a great time!
All tied up 3-3, down to the final match against Utah for
Headed back to the studio soon!
New Video: Penn State Student section converges between goal posts to distract kicker, one of the most amazing things I've ever been a part
I would never do that to you
I'm single because I'm perfect and no one can live up to my expectations.
I hate when people beg for spillit or whatever it is comments... WRITE TO YOURSELF which I'm sure you do anyway....
is layin down more drum tracks today. Few more sessions, & then... GUITARS! Oh yea!
Let's get a cheering squad out there 8am Sun #LaJollaHalfMarathon Corner of Del Mar Heights and Camino Del Mar
Jeremy Lin is for real!!
It makes ur ppl wanna shout!
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. ~ Buddha
the network would gain so many viewers by giving her own show. My friends and I are obsessed with her!
Morning. It's Friday!:) gotta get matt outta bed and head to the gym. Have a great day!
steak fajita and eggs :) oh with black beans and salvadorean cream to go with the beans... Delishhhh
sometimes it blows my mind lol
Agreed. We are complacent, curriculum dull, & the teaching skills are lackluster at best. There, I said it.
#HH is almost here guys, where are you going to get your drink on? Stop by a #Bartab venue and get your $1 drink on!
Gearing up for ! If you're in the big apple come show some FUSION love Saturday and see "Hiding from Adults"
Watching my favorite show EVER!!!!
#Loex2012 lunch of grilled veggie wraps & soft drinks were good but wrap had disgusting mayonnaise....chips were not vegan (unfortunately)
great game both teams played hard
Must begin convering YA contemp. manuscript to YA magic realism manuscript. Signing up for Twitter was easier.
Daughter and her friends safe and catching up on sleep after tsunami's gentle hit on waikiki..
im paying video games lalala and i have to tll you something josh ill pm you
were you recording, writing, or just hanging out in Nashvegas? Did you write or co-write most or all of your next record?
Thanks for the kind words! Hit us up with any feedback you have about the app!
Leaf- "Yo what was that bot/baht song you guys kept singing?" Me- "Oh we made that up" hahaha
It'd be funny if Browns took Richardson, Bengals Kirkpatrick, and Steelers Hightower. Which Alabama player will Ravens take?
The countdown to Tuesday has begun! 5 days and counting! Make sure to put it on your calendar. 11.1.11 FREE BEER!
That's cool fam..
We need to trash the old commercials, DZ!
o! How about a hint?
Finished my second session Wow--never would have thought breathing would be so challenging!
Maybe try a little two-step? slow-slow-quick-quick
Same hairstyle and pose but that guy looks nothing like Justy <3
Ah, gotcha. That would be ridiculously late.
John Wells, Leesburg Town Manager reported in last night's council meeting, we've bought our first hybrid for the town fleet, a Ford Escape
Go Pack!
Rats.I'll be back in SLO by then. Should be back here in a couple of weeks; will contact you before.
When it comes to women I can be the most patient person in the world but bitches needs to hurry the fuck up.
Leland Stanford finally opened his ridiculous new university... the Baltimore incident, amply demonstrating the savagery of Chile...
Please have author Sam Kimball on your show. His book is The Infanticidal Logic of Evolution and Culture.
chillin with ben and carson!
NEVER, Jason! Always the TRUTH!
send thaCW your music, but only if u want the real on it, I can def feel the passion it took even if it aint for me
why are there people on top of the arch?
#MUSICREVIEWS Feeder - Generation Freakshow - Big Teeth Music
I meant, do I stink? :/
A friend is finding disturbing trends in his startup's direction.
Alex Gonzalez torn acl --3rd big injury for #Brewers, along with Gamel and Narveson. Not repeating in NL Central.
Shout out to my hubby for getting toilet paper
Now I'm dying from all these smokers fml
super impressed with the email I rcvd from Bishop #Rogness of the Happy to be a part of a church that takes a stand!
Happy Friday all! RT : Grt tweets
Sweet! Well if I decide not to compete I will still come up to the show & cheer u on, count on that fo sho :]
Rained in Fairbanks yesterday -- they actually got thunder, which is unusual. Beautiful sunshine here today!
I think I understand. Actually, that might hit on it---the mind seems to be trying to "pull" objects from 3D in to 4D space.
This morning's Professor Farnsworth moment: I invented an ending to my paper in a dream. And I forgot it in another dream. Alas.
I really am over thinking
what is the official hash tag for the weekend
any time on wednesday available for us to come on? We have a free break for listeners
Marlins bullpen so shitty
Glad to passed the audit.
It was great! Excellent speaker - we should bring her up north to talk to the rest of the class!
i like it like that
Come out for #geekswhodrink and stuff...
“: Me vs bourbon street round 5....series tied 2-2 let's go!” I left tied 2-2
I just want a place to sit with my laptop. I promise to consume a coffee or scone on the hour every hour.
#ThisWeeksThemeSongIs Make It Nasty.
Congrats Linnaea Saunders - #artservicesguild paintings conservator gave talk at LA City Hall yesterday re conservation of 9 SoCal murals
That really sucks, how much longer will any drag strips be around at this rate?
but of course, that's just an opinion ;-)
Watchin the voice,celo look like a rapist midget villan from an 80s sexploitation film. Like an isaac hayes mini me.
GO TRINITY SHAMROCKS # 1 high school team in the nation!!! That's the way to bring pride to football in the Bluegrass
I know! I wish I'd never looked...
you like it
We pushed out a 2.0.2 update yesterday that fixes this. If you can, update the app & let us know if you're still seeing this
my band www.myspace.com/bentutensil
excited for next week!
Feels like Christmas morning
Biodegradable Pod Garden Makes Planting Fresh Herbs a Snap ...
Why is there SNOW in the forecast?!?!
Day off after bubbling nightly 65. Played great but card dead. DC for the day with
I heard your lookin for a gentleman is it okay if he's
It's Mardis Gras!! That means Lent starts tomorrow.. what are you giving up this year?
had some cheesecake and thought about #CHEESECAKE!!!!!
Saturday we a VAP kb but Friday I ain't on shit
A little? I'm pretty sure you just cried A LOT. It's meant to be a comedy! How cute can you get?
You buy one? I saw them at CES… unbelievably cool.
My comedy is different every time I do it. I don't know what the hell I'm doing. -Adam Sandler
Just because you're in a relationship, it doesn't always mean you're happy.
Will do!
Using Supercritical Water Oxidation to Treat Hydrolysate from VX Neutralization (Compass Series) – Committee on Review and Evaluation
haha seems sarcastic...
Merry Christmas:)
well I hope you clean yourself up afterwards
no D; my brother took my laptop is iT good ? :D
Big show this SATURDAY NIGHT 8pm! W/ !! Guest list ne1?
That was a foul. Refs have to call it. Stop your whining, Celts fans.
ya your funny to
Where the fuck you be?lol RT : I miss you more sis
God School was boring :( -__-
Andrew Shaw was the Beatles inspiration
One of the main things I've learned so far. Don't let people fool you. Actions speak louder than words.
Man Ion Giva fuhhhhhh #MoneyTeam all day! All I gotta say.
XOXO ;) RT : Couch. Gossip girl. Ice cream WITH COOKIES ON TOP. Oh yeah.
You are six years old, weak and helpless! You cannot hurt me!
John Durante is back in Seattle before going back on the road on October 8th. Lots of time open for anyone wanting a piercing tonight! : )
Our R u interested in a Big Role in our Compton Based Hood Movie 2 STAR n Other Known Name Talent? Email pl
How can you not go to a Power game with games like that
if you want anotha follower 1 follow me 2 i follow back
haha Thanks Michael!
I need a budweiser
and if im not mistaken Bubba signed w/ Jets that year
meh at least this one didn't hit as hard. saw the demise of this year's team coming just not in round 1
SmartGamers are on our way to the Oregon Game Project Challenge (OGPC) in Salem, OR.
thank you, as always! submitted.
Planning for our new saturday nights at VICTOR HOTEL! Comp Cover all night!
How's college??
I have no idea why I am up this early... Time to crank up some fresh coffee.
Oh have fun!!!!
Studying Chemistry..
Jus hoping shit gets better for us :/
If I need a crash pad at your place, it's because I've spent too long at the Mineshaft. In that case, I won't be picky at all.
Happy Birthday to Account Manager and Marketing's !
I'd share if I could! I ate them both, lol, now I'm ready for a nap
It's so sad to think that. SMDH I would value love over sex anyday! damn
sure thing! :*
are you going to play?
hey girl happy super Saturday
i cant join cuz it wont work sorrz i really want to but it wont work :(
I have to finish them up. Sorry for the delay.
Michael Russell tops Mardy Fish in U.S. Men's Clay Court Michael Russell overcame ailing top seed Mardy Fish in the second round of the U
Year of the pitcher continues. Congrats jared weaver
Loved the movie think like a man!
The #ONE and #ONLY Kyle Still is on Twitter! Follow for #AMAZING content!
15 MORE HRS. TILL THE WINNER WILL BE ANOUNCED LETS MAKE THE MONEY PIMP ME AT THE MOST MENTIONS WILL WIN 4 FREE TICKETS WITH HEFF
Defending champion Regis Jesuit is seeded sixth.
omg yes!!! When cooter was like who's gonna love you now, and she said me, I was like OMG YES YES YOU GO GIRL
I'm not racist but there is one race that pisses me off on a daily. The human race.
Our generations Edison. For sure.
USA prime credit, I am Peggy I help you?
That foul call wasn't really necessary
Tried on wedding dresses last weekend...so fun! But how do you choose just ONE?!? I could spend our entire budget on gowns....
Cointreau party at Side Bar in FLL with DJ was a huge success. Thanks to all who came out.
coping with my first orthodontia. i feel like i should be in 5th grade.
no it'll go for a week or so. Sometimes it will start to smell
Free HIV testing at the North Park Walgreens tomorrow from 9:00am to 4:00pm. Spread the word!
I have like 9 hanging with friends games going with all of people I know.
You wouldn't say that if you were the one walking next to a clown while super Hot guys were ROFLing.
OMG IM OBSESSED WITH THAT SONG!!!! <3
Happy International Women's Day!
RT : Happy #dday to all the students. Please have a great time for all the alums out there!
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself
Why is it when I'm downloading music I cant think of anythingg! Ahaha
Nope, is a new one to me. Golden Compass?
Congrats! What year was the Horn Dog?
Not always an MLB-ready player at position of need. RT : Isn't that exactly why there's a three-tiered farm system? Next one up.
Sun is shining, air is to get warmer, it's hopefully going to be a sunny & smooth sailing day in the office for all... #SunMakesUsHappy?
See you soon! RT Heading over to Llylewyn's Pub - Webster for RCP Happy Hour w/ Stop in and say hi!
Headed to tonight for a work event.
What's up with doing interviews on other medias than Fox? Pandering to the Libs, Mitt? Trying to be all "Obama" on Oreilly?
Stick with your entree and get over your sides...!!!!!!!!!
that's a good choice. "Exit through the Gift Shop" is superior.
Enjoy your weekend! RT : It is most definitely wine thirty.
I share it
Lovely things happening 2night, Combat with Sarah, my 2 little cousins looking pretty & handsome at their senior formals & babysitting Kourt
Home is Miami. We love our city. We do it for y'all.
I need the exact link for the video. Shoot it to me
Lots of personal attacks on Iowa State today. From too much booing to basketball dumb fans and ugly girls. Can KU and Iowa become friends?
Hey Twist I'm Lillian i order the Twist Magazines i still didn't receive the April Issues 2011 Mag when it going to be here.
Great times last night. Thanks for your hospitality.
Off to the doctor! Be back soon!!
I feel you 100%. That is why I have one thing on my walls and many things to hang.
thanks!! :) imma DM you my number text me
Someone hasn't been on Skype for a while and I am holding it against them secretly because I have something to tell them.
ahahaha I KNOW :D
I love how your sticking up for your friends:')
Snow this week in Pittsburgh! CRAZY.
Always remember you're unique - just like everyone else.
And congratulations. : ) Hope you have fun there.
Looking forward to it! RT : Thanks for mention! Can't wait to feature you on Chit Chat Cafe Live...
getting ready for my team the to play.
Tastes like being alive
I hate my 7th period. I have no clue what my teacher is talking about.
Who's got two thumbs and forgot her luggage at the place she was eating in #LGA? This girl. Fortunately remembered while boarding.
OK 😁☝picture momentarily!!!!
Hello, nice to meet you...
#SaySomethin has been on replay for the past hour. best song on earth.
"Macarena", #nowplaying in Leavey 424. To a 5 year old, this song was akin to cultural revolution.
I love that these junior high girls are cussing up a storm and pointing and making fun of the ppl around them. #thisisourfuture ??
Just gonna let it flow and ride it with it
& partnering for the #iH3 party!!!!! #sxswi is gonna be great!!!!!!!!
Happy Hour starts at 4pm! 1/2 price sushi & sushi
Homework + no motivation = bad combination
trying a La Sirena robust on the back porch. Very nice stick especially for the money. Have they taken off at all?
I don't like people;
i hope it does
Awesome do you have a directory of guard services you market to
#Walkoff win for the
Happy Fat Tuesday. Our specials tonight: Cajun fried whole chicken breast with bayou beans and rice, jalapeño corn bread and Brussels.
So many crazy things happened today! Too much to even tweet. Is this real life? Am I dreaming?
Any bars/restaurants/retailers in the Baltimore area want to participate in the Mo' Movement next month? DM us! We'd love to have you!
Shout out to for giving Christina some play time... .
that was pretty gross
Shouldn't we expect to be a tiny bit smarter about higher ed?
lmao i think they're excited for the gym class tonight that's y!! But we're ALL ampted for Vegas!!! Woohoo!
I hate people who pretend they are Mahomies! :O
#5bestsmells new car smell, babies always smell good, cookies baking, fresh cut grass and fresh rain
Home bound. Can't wait to see Carlos!!!
I was sort of wondering when someone would make this argument...
Just entered the Start Small, Go Big contest. Hey, you never know.
my son agrees
Newly Added to NYC Printing 123 is Same Day Plastic Business Card Printing. Think out of the box when it comes to business.
One rule to live by is to take local's advice regarding eating & drinking establishments. Hence, 5 of us are lunching at Four's in Boston
I think it's pretty cool 2 live in a city where u can have Sarah Palin pig followed by magic mole
Sir, you are awesome!
Oh, I didn't even think about the DIY option. Dispatch is on the way, though.
The show airs tonight! Unusual...I know! But....you should still watch! :-)
Also huge relief and laughter of recognition at, "there's nothing wrong with you!" That one is a game-changer.
14,738 announced attendance for the first Sunday afternoon game. We'll chalk it up to the Easter holiday..
Hoping I can find some time to slay and/or chase some dragons w/ and later this week.
Its a foolish dog who dark at flying bird-Robert Nester Marley
pretty sure eyebrows r twins my friend. Born same time same time same place same DNA Hahaha.
#amwriting at the library. Why does every library in ATL have at least one loudly buzzing fluorescent light?
#c4l12 - RESTful - Can support both resource- and action-oriented worldviews. Confusing for developers.
50 maybe 60 people trying to incite madness while chanting "peaceful protest".
go gay and you'll be happy forever
#smash is making me way to karoaoke SO FREAKIN BAD.
I make it happen when I know the waist line increases by the day or after seeing @ Robin Roberts with her great body.
yeee buddy!! so excited for 's Ustream! you are so dedicated to your fans! I love you! :)
#MyWeakeness Vision, Ambition & Accomplishments
Programming note: The world-famous, often-imitated, never-duplicated #sbchat will start tonight at 9:30 pm. ET. Get ready for sports biz.
lmao I don't even eat subway :p try again
We all have problems. Just some of them do not advertise
don't talk, frampton is talk-boxing
all we can say is wow!!! Beautiful!
Sister, you are so loved! xx
cant wait for austin on wednesday
Daily quote.. “He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.” – Thomas Jefferson
Already going to conferences, huh? Sweet!
Oh well. Guess CM Punk IS drunk. So much for the alphabet backwards.
Who has th best PIZZA?
Jason McIntyre mock draft is terrible!!!! no way either of the jones go in the 20s!
you're the only one, cause i don't trust these bitches. they might catch me slipping.
love you too darlin! (: thank you very much!
I've contacted customer service multiple times no luck ! My shipment missing half of the items and I was charge full
The Great Commission can only effectively be done through those that are pursuing and practicing the Great Commandment.
Good luck Corey!
Clear pee is good pee, as every singer will say.
Melvin Gordon and Derek Watt were easily the most impressive players on their reparative sides of the ball during Saturdays scrimmage.
im done wit you! you've broken my heart for the last time now brittney smith!!
crayons... all I can say is crayons. There is no rationalization, just crayons. CRAYONS!!! That is all
damn, they really fucked up your morning. Good going McDs!
Thanks for retweeting
Also, very true! RT : And more importantly, they like
I look like a second grade teacher today.
alright cool. Me too:) sorry for missing your calls though,
Go check out our updated facebook page!!!
Every heart sings a song incomplete, until another heart whispers back. -Plato
Comen up to the skoo to get my homework
well I'm going to new jersey, Florida, and San Diego. w
Focus on what is important...
Looking forward to Neil Peart's new book and drumming DVD.
what is the d-word?
Whittling down revolving debt will do a lot more for your credit score than erasing installment loans
aw donna i hope your grandpa gets better <3 love you
Sorry, won't listen to anything #Gergen says on #hcr, he talked over Louise Slaughter on CNN. The POTUS heard Rep Slaughter, he didn't
Who decided what cuss words are cuss words?! From now on, sprinkles means fuck.
Watching THE preacher's Kid..... :D
T-Bone Burnett may be a good musician/producer, but his advice to aspiring artists was as unhealthy as it was senile.
I can't imagine who will not make it into the finals tonight!
I just kind of want to be drunk all of the time
Attracting new business is key.Tomorrow we are talking about how Lobbyists can gain clients....
Don't get your twitter career ended before it begins, oh and by the way
are you indirectly talking about me? (; ahahahah justkidding
Check out my progress report grades I posted on my Instagram (Ritchellemae) it's pretty good lol (;
What the fuck happened to Jake and Ella?!?!
dude what if it was some elaborate plan to kidnap you and sell your organs on the black market!?
I bought one, thanks!
When your place of employment calls your phone do you answer or ignore?
sweet dude. Did you play high school ball at all?
happy bday to you
Why should you delete all your pictures of you with other girls off Facebook?
Hey guise... I fractured wrist during a softball game so I'm out for the rest of the season. :(
ikr its been a while. But I've been good, tryna work on this career of mine. Wanna go back to school.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!',
yeah sweet pic!
hang in there cheering for u :)
I'm in Austin this weekend. Can you recommend any photo ops?
Absolutely! The lottery is a great tool transforming other people's greed into your financial gain! Start one today!
#nowwatching "Weird Science" I hecka love this movie ;)
I want a new phone even tho i havent had this phone that long
hit me up
Hmm.. You know what, I bet you are right!
So proud to be a Hawks fan. Last night's game was inspiring and humbling. No quit in our young men. On to the next round
Like July?
Update: now accepting boyfriend applications. Please include name, age, height, occupation, aspirations and whatever else may help you
Anybody else gettin' into the new Beavis & Butthead episodes? Uh?
occupy lanes : Hey 5 Borough Bikers, its cute you like to ride your ten speeds around but please stay out of the adults' way
perhaps, but that's a slender thread on which to justify an #e20 deployment.
let me know if that works
Hello, world.
I am all about plaid right now.
SHRM.ORG - many e-learning courses for $40 and less per employee
Nope! Wouldn't drop my price. Thought 18.00 for a walkman and some Eddie Rabbit tapes was reasonable
Thought I had a headache from being dehydrated, turns out my ponytail was too tight...
Watching Piers Morgan. Russell brand is such a G!.
the search for a #Harley will start tonight
I send love 2 each of u n hope that ur night is well..Good night and Sweetdreams everyone :)
RT : #coworkingday party at Gasworks is 1 hour away! Heading out from Cap Hill? Meet at 2:30 for carpool w/
Alright alright, for real though... I need to eat better. -.- No more ramen.
"Never let your memories be greater than your dreams." ~Doug Ivester via
Thank you! "RT : - I love buying from these guys, and so should you. <3"
from you're gay for not tagging Jordan
Thanks for the follow. Enjoy your posts and your wines. Hopefully last few weeks of rain topped up the h2o table. Cheers!
It's so hot in my room,I want to get naked D;
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger. Proverbs 15:1 Feel free to...
What's your plan for Black Friday? Let us Gals know!
That frightening moment when you realize you have to somehow locate a cocktail dress in Santiago........
Revamping the Facebook, make sure to check them out!
Went to Milwaukee Public Museum couple weeks ago. They have cases to show how nat history has been displayed in past. Very cool!
That Black OPS comertial is SCARING ME...
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic "TROUBLE IN PANTS"! "Uno, dos, here we go!"
hey terry, we just posted a reply. thanks for the heads-up!
My mentions are dead someone tweet me!!!!! Tweet tweet tweet!! Plzzz
Homophobia is so gay.
greatest idea ever. I plan my naps around those movies.
You've got a way with words, you got me smiling even when it hurts
....I'm hoping she had to ask that for the nurses sake..... just kind of felt icky about it
You know you're really in love when you smile at every message he sends you. This is how I feel about him Brandon):
#ala11 presenters should add their materials directly to their sessions in the Scheduler. We're retiring the wiki
LMFAOOOOOOOOO! OF COURSE DID HE SAY ANYTHING BACK?
If you can't find your favorite show on MPTV 10, try checking out 36. We've moved some viewer favorites there during the GREAT TV AUCTION.
Just go have fun
Cool show in Montreal tonight. Some great local players! One more tomorrow then back home Sunday.
Having an amazing week! Two great broker events and Park, OC tomorrow mrng, & a resident dinner tmrw Park!
Sometimes I wonder.... Sometimes I know... Sometimes.
At this point, #gospursgo are still the only Western Conference team to have clinched a playoff spot. Nice win in Houston to get win
I'm having second thoughts about my decision 💔
I might cry.
yeah she's Mexican
Omfg. Shut up you bully people all the time. You're no better than anyone else.
RT : SAG-AFTRA Co-NED David P. White: "We have always had and will always will have a robust democracy."
Titti boi got his name cause he was breast fed up until he was 17 1/2 lol
The truth is I don't stand a chance, it's something that you're born into and I just don't belong.
you are welcome since i handed this game to you by benching Big Ben
lol right on ;)
Know what your audience wants
I find tattoos extremely attractive.
Hey, happy May Day!
Having brunch at Big Jones tomorrow. Anyone been? Suggestions?
I wonder if music isn't more social when you're younger. More about trying to fit in and identify.
Best of luck to you David!! Thanks for using ShowClix :)
Loving these Memphis unis
if i remember correctly, i paid around $300 for a ticket to see him at the Bowery Ballroom in NYC which is TINY! so amazing
you got it man!
It's funny how adding extra x's to words containing an x make it so much more sexual like fox or tax
Bless your heart. Xo
Just got out from work , tierd as hell nd non to do for tonight, wats up wit that!
go look at the
Smak Tak is awesome. Killer perogi, white borscht, and hungarian pancake (potato pancake folded over goulash w/ sour cream)
this is dope. he looks so happy.
Woohoo! James harden!
Fuck, I wish I could sing like my dad. :(
My grand son scratched my table is there anyone can fix this at my home? My dog like chewing my furniture legs!
I love giraffes 
I can name 30 people mentioned in D Row. here goes:
no. Southampton have to beat Reading because of the goal difference.
Thanks man! Waiting for to get on it...
Any educators using opensource OS or apps in school?
The power of yellow paint! (I worked in elect. store in '84. Ppl paid extra for yellow, believing they were tougher).
Check out today's blog post about the Austin Bar Association!
The simplest ideas are the best ones.
Of course!! What size? We will find you tomorrow.
Ah, okay. It doesn't seem like a big deal, unless you have long hair. ; ) Sending good vibes either way - long or short.
ACLS Annual Meeting starts tomorrow in Philly. Follow #ACLS2012 for updates.
[ ]Single [ ]Taken [✔] I'm in love with myself
respect, bless.
-GOODMORNING EVERYONE=)! Im Thankinq My Father Above For Allowing The Movements Of My Son To Wake Me Up This Morning! #BLESSED&'ndGRATEFUL!
Playing poker in their Quonset hut on Tinian, killing the last hours of the preatomic age - Peter Goldman
ohmygod just go away
The best way to figure a woman out is to simply listen to her - Steve Dorsey
OMG. You got a respond from that would make my life! Your so lucky :/
my check list: crack Jay up *check* xD
that's a good defn of job market as well...
Well, shit. This was an even matchup. Won't be with Gordon out. Very very bad for the Lobos.
Wall St gains on earnings, economy; Egypt fears ease
Oh you spend your entire day smoking weed? Oh man you must be real fucking cool.
It's ok, I said it for you. Papa John's Pizza,
the days of kickball on mission hill to 10k followers!
s/o to my new follower she cute
Reading with a headache sucks.
Hi. I am honored that you would like to read my novel. Please provide either Kindle address or email address and I'll send.
Let's hope you changed SOME things!
In case you missed it, not a banner night for Nunez. MT : Matusz had thrown six straight balls. Nunez pops up next pitch.
My car smelled like smoke this morning. I saw that stray cat hanging around it. Man they can pick up bad habits.
a big congrats. WOW!
You have a batter chance of scratchin a bobcats ass and not gettin' bit.- cody southern nights
Looks like the Amazing Acro-Cats have sold out their final two performances!!
Actually Yah... That's Probably True!(X Lol SO!? Weird Is Cool :3
Good morning Twitterverse. The weekend is finally here. Hope all had a great week full of God's blessings.
Awesome, how are you?
“: Met my goal a week & 4 days ahead of schedule! 22 lbs since starting bootcamp" #PrideConditioning get results!!!
hey Chris thanks for follow, which way to go? I say whichever makes your life better.
Aw, adorable!
your welcome lol
Is every song the boyz danced to gonna be played
i cant wait until tomorrow!!!! im going to 's show!!!! please support ... shes a down-to-earth girl <3 i love u
I think the 50 Shades of Grey book is making me aggressive.
Great news, good story for soccer (and its fan) RT "Fabrice Muamba takes the field at the Reebok to a thunderous ovation."
Woke up sick, I called it!
great episode tonight! Loving the story and can't wait for more!
Great defense by Bledsoe. Was hoping he'd bother Parker. (Don't want to go to twitter jail, who are these announcers?)
“You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.”
whats your favourite?? im still eating them even though they are warm and soft ;) xx
do they know i can get all there text? and urs? i know she never said anything so who did?
Currents in Electronic Literacy is still soliciting submissions for the 2011 issue. The due date for submissions is February 10th, 2011.
lol porno stars are quick W/ dat block button..they try to be regular on twitter *SMH* hoes
Off to the #cajundanceparty concert. I should have worn something warmer.
Greetings Twitter Family! It's been a while, hope everyone is having a spectacular day
oops! Should have read comments before replying.
hey now
PTAs? ;) dunno. apple edu foundation for such things would be nice.
RT if you are drinking caffeine as you read this --- what's in your cup today?
Getting closer to #CoolCreekConcerts at Can't wait to C the
Im so happy lil boosie was found not guilty
Seriously there's nothing to do at work tonight, and I'm alone ..... fuck
Hope you still enjoyed it!
I'm calling the Thunder-Grizzlies series the best of the second round...any complaints??
you make me smile girl
That's some butler bullshit
GIRLS: Is it just more, or when your bf always talks about having sex, does it make you not want to have it as much? or am I just an idiot.
Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it
I'm thinking American flag overall-cut-offs this year, thoughts?
For #Intel's , if issue on Twitter for a few hours, no crisis. If on Twitter 24h+, what's your crisis comm plan?
no ur mom
Like it! RT Goal #5 for today: Use 'game changer' in a story or headline. #WeAllNeed goals
Oh god... What did I do..
yup. Hit me in inbox
TONIGHT!! Open Bar 6-9pm! Rock out to the ! At the newest hotspot
rum diaries requires a bottle of rum on the side. One shot for every 5 mins :)
RT : yea great convio w about the DCcodeathon - I hadn't thought of govt internal usage of until Tcamp2010
everyone saw Ariana Grande's new music video Put Your Hearts Up right? You didn't? Check it out!
No. You can't market your small business like a Fortune 500 company. I'm sorry.
Im kicking the cold turkey.....
guess were drinking tonight
Just not our week for cars. Ticket for parking "over the lines" on a spot. Looked "on" the line. So much for saving $ at authentic Mex mrkt.
its still boring down there
Getting ready then out.. Who would think?
I'm just enjoying the scenery - Storm Darrow
I don't ever want to play the 'mean girl' games with people. I want to be the kind of lady that brings people together.
A big Hello & Thank you from the "Boys". Share the Biscuits!
RT If anyone else wants a shout out just RT this.
Nice to live in a state with bright colors all the way down.
my hair hurts
NIGHT ALL
what are you talking about??i never give your number out....
got it. for some reason, I thought it was WP. Nice, clean layout. :)
Zaxbys for lunch
Awkward moment when no ones bee on this for like ever.
Hey I just caught up on your blog and thought you Sarah Palin blog was fair and unique, yes i agree, enough about the BC
“: Just printed 31 pages for a teacher "doesn't like to waste paper"”LMFAO come over today!
My husband lets me have all the craft supplies (whatever) I can hide!
Aw shucks lady! Thanks for the props. Can't wait to hang out more.
Cause you gota past &I do too, we're perfect for each other
Volunteers Desperately Needed - Sat., May 12th! 100 needed at post offices in shifts (2 p-8p). Tweet us your email and we'll contact you.
Photo Exam is almost done thank God cant wait til Wednesday
#NP Velvet Revolver : Slither. is wailing.
aw, thanks for checking out my blog! =)
iphonic & One Days Notice tomorrow night at the Grog Shop!!!
New favorite bumper sticker 'Anybody but Bobby'.
and #Gaylord announced new water and snow theme park in
PULL TABS.
Finally made up my mind and just ordered my new running shoes.
the walking dead drinking game = sips per zombie & shots for each time the characters look at each other sadly without speaking.
Ever have a moment when you realize you're the smartest person in the room? Today, that is not me.
what's up?
FF my coo peeps
Maybe the first time that pregnancy #insomnia has served me well... it's SNOWING! All the news crews are all celebrating their predictions.
Don't think I disagree with you - as long as there's a back-up plan in place. Agree?
RT : Wines inspired by the spirit of rock 'n roll - pretty cool concept by and reasonably priced....
your Cubs fan pain + my Indians = we need a Cubs / Indians World Series
Those who talk about it... Aren't doing it! #whoUfoolin?
You guys are draining me right now lol
Scott and I will make you a gift. We'll need some paper, macaroni and sparkles. ;)
When things arent the same with someone:/
This lunch line is to long #hungry #pissed with
aw bout time lol
Left work, saw the sun. Phew.
I hate my hair.
Q: How many Virgos does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Approximately 1.000000 with an error of +/- 1 millionth.
Happy Birthday Keith Haring #GoogleDoodle - love it!
you are my favorite porn star ever!!!
RIght call by Tomlin going on 4th there.
awh! I love you!
get working lol
thanks Chad!!! I'm super stoked to finally have the new site/home for my tees. Even more stoked that the release isnt over yet...
I ask you a question I already know the answer to just to see if you'll lie to me.
TY! Need Nice GF recipes! : I do have more, will have to look for them and then send you the links! X
thanks, I'll drop you a note!
Crazy busy day at work & run to a figment meeting w no time for dinner. But the pizza guy made me laugh. I heart the Lower East Side - 4 ...
We're glad you were able to stop by! Looking forward to what the future will bring!
Lately ive just been in the greatest mood(:
This is...interesting...
Just touched down in Hartford. Nothing but bad memories of this place from my time in the BE. Good thing we're leaving it immediately.
Who do y'all want to win the #SuperBowl? #Giants or #Patriots?
omg realyy?? ahh i wanna hear it!
thank you! We think so too ;)
Will the interview be posted on your site for fans all over the world? Thanks
Can't make some one talk to u
lol it was everyone's idea but you're welcome :)
oh yeah? I heard he has a really hot girlfriend ;)
Keep your words short and sweet, because you never know which ones you will have to eat. lol
Strawberry waffles. >>>>
Im running low on cash cigarettes and patience. I propose a house party tour... Any takers?
Spring semester ends today. Wrapping up my 18th year of #teaching, high school & higher ed combined. Love it more than ever.
I believe in giving 2nd chances. You got me fucked up with that 3rd, 4th, 5th shit you be wanting. Psh.!
Why is Dirk so well protected? Everytime he gets into a scuffle, he has secret service protection the rest of the night.
Some girls should NOT be wearing leggings....
Yes, yes it does. I was doing a webinar when I posted that :)
I'm suppressing rage & enjoying the view of this deer's ass.
what's good with the Format? Never heard of em. Will get that next.
What did the Ocean say to the other Ocean?...Nothing they just Waved...Did you Sea what I did there?...I'm Shore you did, Beach
