This is a shocker. 60% of 8 year olds have smart phones. I don't believe it.
Waiting at the oral surgeon to see me. Just learned he is out of network.
the standing O for the 3rd kid was undeserved. just lobbed it up.. no threw the legs, behind the back????
nope lol we start Saturday lol
heyy u should come back to wwe they need u but how was ur day?
Great retreat with my Vistage group. Golf and learning all in one!
Krav Maga Academy's New State of the Art Location is Now OPEN. 5000 sqf of full time Krav Maga Training in NYC. www.KravMagaSolutions.com
those tattoos made me very hungry indeed.
Said exactly what I was thinking.
I will. MTRTechNews is just a lose blog that won't have very many posts.
2 people have already named their kid after me 👍
Next time I have tea, I'll try just lemon. I like turbinado, but its still sugar.
omfg! if this little girl doesnt stfu im going to beat the living shit out of her. i dont fuck care if she is seven!!!!!!!!!
That is stupid.
Baba Ram Dass~ The quieter you become the more you can hear.
so glad to have found the K man on twitter!
Opened LONG $NZDUSD @ .7595; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 67% SHORT
RT : Do you really need another vacation, or is it time to design a life you don't need to run from?
Just when I thought I learned my lesson, there I go again-__-
We are back underway here in the 2nd half. Beautiful day in San Antonio. Horns up 1-0.
Cheaters make me sick.
I knew that :). Just checking on you. Getting ready for work; if out on tollways let me know!! Lol
Grandpa gets kicked out of the nursing home for being too grumpy on tonight's episode of The Simpsons! Watch with us at 5!
"Mama had 2 jobs I know that she was working for me.Ten years later, I got her working for me.."
...so call me maybe
U bettr Rt: : I did so wat u talk bout im doin my job
Idk man packing tonight seems too fast! Hannah if i do go tell everyone ima miss em!!! To much for me! maybe i will give up my dream?!?
Haha, I'd blame the Canucks, but I heard it most recently on Shark Tank. But yeah, don't even get me started on Canadian speak ;)
RT : 's Eric Ferraro speaks on funding in the music tech space at SF Music Tech X - product and value matter....
No thirty year old man I will not go to the casino with you after I get off work.
THUG LIFE *-*
it is. I'll tell u another day. It's a person who is completely selfish...really disrespected me...no its not Andy.
at Starbucks I'm in love with these Dark Chocolate Brownies
You and would be like the PERFECT couple! She is in your icon and so am I
#jaxsummit Welcome to Twitter!
Glad to have met 2 groups of #UPEIAN105 today and 1 group of #UPEILC today! You'll get used to my brand of weird, maybe even like it.
Ensure The Success of Your Blog Before You Even Build It
Is the design of app important, when you consider to buy it? :)
YOU HELLA DUMB GIRL
you're right. I love you more :)
Do you walk the walk or do you just talk the talk?
#Happy ! Going to get my braces on Thursday, and im off to Disney that same day. And when I get back ,Im gonna hang with my friends from NJ!
Happy New Year! Everyone be safe tonight.
Just got on the air...giving away the new Black Eyed Peas CD all day! And taking new web photos! Hell yeah bitches!
Who's following #theNBAplayoffs?
I definitely think so. Teens mights even open up more on this platform.
“ Best words of advice: Everything happens for a reason.”
You have many supporters. Good luck!
Speaking of E, Get this: actually knew Prisilla before he did. She was a neighbor in Texas before moving to Germany. Nah, she don't remember
My iPhone Just Adds To My Ignorance, I Screen Shot & Put Yo Ass On Blast
Over 400 views in less than 10 hours, not bad. It's because it is hilarious...check out the teaser for our new show....
Valley Center woman accused of killing 89 year-old Rancho Bernardo man and stealing more than $500,000 from his estate.
is trying to comfort his tired wife.
Yeah, that's it -- yeah, I KNOW. (shrugs) I haven't figured it out either.
Need sum thing 2 smoke 2 start da day off right
Fred Hammond......major statement!
I've learned some of the most amazing things when I couldn't take the path I wanted & was forced down another!
Seriously. You. Check out the moon.
Happy Thanksgiving!
#NP so sick by ne-yo , reminds me of Niall :)
Tzedek day & we just returned from volunteering for SPCA at d/town Macy's persuading others to adopt. Only problem now is I want a pet.
fan fic again?
CHILLIN HERE IN DENVER...WAITING FOR THE TO KIKK SOME FAKER ASS.
I know I'm Alive because the pain of twenty 100 yard sprints is Feeln 4REAL <3
....and the winner is MINDY IRISH! Please call Tina at the salon to schedule your free Holiday Blow out!
Hi Guys Love <3 I miss you , how are you ?? :) Follow me please !
awesome thanks! we are rolling out at my school and I may need advice/support from a veteran :)
how? What's it about
Gorgeous! I dropped my most beloved ring last night and will have to have it re-set (simple fix). This is cheering me right up.
good luck with rehab Ovie. We in the #RavensNation wish you the best during your recovery.
66- we had a convo about hot cheetos with jay haha good times your really funny and pretty :)
Yeah..leave in ur ghetto car
Hi Evan, we saw your tweet and would like to invite you back for a complimentary meal. plz email w contct info
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish, and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
Detroit......it's a crazy hell whole place.....but it's my hometown so yea
Got the first 3 things on my to do list done. Somehow, procrastination popped up as Number 4. Now, where's that eraser?
Going to opry mills!
Raise your sail one foot and you get ten feet of wind. -Chinese Proverb
#thought - Is the declining crime rate to blame for the lack of good gangsta rap?
this is a train beer kind of day
My niece needs a hug.
I quit a long time ago
you know it :)
You win the prize for best ironic retweet of the day. Soak it up.
go argentina!! that is so happy! futbol.. <3
Rebelution Indianapolis! Will you be there?
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Potato Leek and Carrot Ginger. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Did Blake Griffin give Allen a little extra shove into the scorer's table on that loose ball?
Aww. Thanks Boney! Now if only I could be back where that picture was taken. Man I miss Costa Rica!!
I've never hated & loved someone like I do Gertrude Stein.
You're a "Winner, winner, chicken dinner"! Blessings to you, DeJuan!
are we supposed to vote todaY?
people throw rocks at things that shine
Ok he just asked me what I wanted to eat but not moving.. like why??
How old is "too old" when sipping brews at the Dirty Bird???
Asians arent smart; we just work hard.
Is Danks that bad or the #Tigers offense that good.
I dominated JV basketball in my senior year..
Which in we call Lei Day in #Hawaii! It's a huge day filled with hula dancing and fun!
I love my co hosts chito and !!!!! :) yeah babayyy
Looking to make Easter brunch reservations in SD. I know it's late but any recommendations?
thank you :)
The possibilities of a new day are endless!
"Astragalus is top three herbs in the world!" one of my faves!
Tech stuff is hard 4 me, my friend said "You can learn anything, it just takes more time." Thank god for outsourcing! Fiverr, elance & odesk
In retrospect, certainly, no argument here. RT : RC never deserved to be fired imho.
Nice work, brother! RT : I get to share my work with the CEO of Memorial Sloan Kettering today.
answer your freaking phone
Loved listening to on the podcast. Nice to know that one of the country's best is working up the street from my office.
#TheLittleBlackTruck is back at it! Come find us at 15th and Q. Next to Fremont Park, R15 Naked Coffee and Shady Lady!
It is a cool, easy way for companies to engage customers in social media
Tell us your New Years Resolution! The best answer wins a gift bag loaded with goodies from ABP!
2 days with no Internet or fax service for my business. sucks!
I hate that I have to work. I wish I could just take a chill pill this summer.
So much shit going through my head
What u watching?
Not to mention that everyone who is overweight or deranged has exactly the same
playing tonight at Roulette Brooklyn with Adam Rudolph's Organic Orchestra. beautiful new space at atlantic and 3rd ave
Not allowed to say YOLO on Twitter anymore :(
I wonder how tha Universe REALLY Began?
Shouldn't I be running the marathon?
I'm thoroughly enjoying this lazy day
Coach Crum & Siva need to spend the day together watching Kimba Walker playing in last years tournament in coach's theatre.
who is ? did you mean ?
qJDJD LIKE PLEASE
YW! And many thanks for following--much appreciated!
Who ever thought that AC Slater would become the most successful celebrity out of all the kids on Saved By The Bell?
hey thanks for the follow. We have a great bottle opener Tshirt that you would find amazing
. on #Smash: "Why is Leonard Nimoy in that wig?"
im so happy you won !!! i so voted for you !!! love u
if you make it to Ft Wayne IN area give me a shout
A lot of people hate on , but he's a Celebrity Journalist. Blaming him for a top story of leaked nude pics is your own fault.
It's amazing how the instant I smell even the hint of a bon fire, I am flooded with some of the best memories of my life. <3
Escape the heat come to the library where it is cool and read.
P.S. she is stupid...it's been a month and she still asks the same stupid questions!
smh gotta go through this shit again
LADIES COME CHECK OUT THE NEW SANDALS AND ADIDAS WE HAVE IN!!!!!
hi. Dakheet? I hope you like my website! <3
good twitter discussion going on the side, but let's add the #mw2012 tag. why or why not CC0?
then he needs more friends. It's part of a well rounded friends group.
folding is overrated. It's done :)
RT: Love hurts. Boys lie. Friends cry. People die. Parents yell. You always try. You're never good enough & you don't know why.
You're on my bad list again!! I need you next Saturday afternoon.
wow that's crazy! Ate they strict with the kids too cuz I've seen some girls in crazy shit its sad
watching it noww!!! lets discuss tonight!
<-- off the market.
Fun fact: our Owner owned & operated 2 Subway franchises, real estate invst co & a Best Buy like co. in europe & he's under 40yrs old
happy writing today!
If I was in charge I would paint the debt ceiling. The same color as the walls cause I like that Martha Stewart look.
I hope the team managers won't announce their pitchers before the game. It would be good to switch them and kind of confuse gamblers. [1945]
"The robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief." - William Shakespeare, from "Othello"'
Happy Holidays to you as well and your inspiring tweets have provided much warmth through the year :)
I was excited to get a 2 hr. meter in DC. However, I received 7.5 minutes for each quarter. Who walks around with 16 quarters on hand?
I Need YOU to be apart of the Atlanta Underground Music Awards July 14, 2012 Great Networking Event
Asians<3 That's me (;
Nick, we met once in Chongqing when Peking Duck's Richard was visiting. Do you remember? How's life?
#PromiseMe you will always #Love me
I've got the biggest girl crush on
a job well done! Great rally #uawow #dcunitewomen very engaging speakers and cool crowd fired up and ready to fight!
If you haven't already checkout the New "SNOCLOTHING" Wristband's. Only $3 and we are donating to Cancer Research!!! SNOCLOTHING.com
Caracas (pop. about 4.5 million) has close to 100 homicides every week end.
Loiter Squad ^.^
": Normal Person Flirting: "Hey, babe(: what's goin on?" ... Me Flirting: "Your face. I like that."" I'm so using this line!!
only my mom..
OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHH No he didnt......Jimmy Kimmel is a fool.
Remember to vote! Free horn ensemble performance 8PM (IUP/Cogswell); free pool at Boomies; karaoke at Ironwood with Jammin' Jim. No comment.
I love twitter, I love Justin, I love Selena, I love all Justin's fans. I love my life, as long as Justin Bieber is alive! ♥ Please follow
Also "Kongens Fald" by JV Jensen on ipad (v. sexy epub file) but getting cross-eyed.
El Gallito has the best grilled jalapeños in LA. This cannot be denied.
Everything started to collapse in the same 5 months. What happened to being happy and STAYING happy? Now I'm just hoping for a real smile.
what was my excuse then?
“: usage limit :( no” lol shoulda got unlimited from AT&T
We're to hear abt steps to tackle homelessness in Silver Lake with
Because anyone is better then me and always will be.
please report it.
Car not functioning.... fml
Wow. Hope that's not it for Shanny. He's an all-time great and favorite of mine.
The thoughts running through my head right now need to stop...lol
is coming/not sleepover over! <3 i want now to come/sleep over! then i would be the happiest ever.
My Golden Rule: Never EVER wear khaki pants and a blue shirt to Walmart unless u like to send the idiots down the wrong isles.
Ima miss Wizards of Waverly Place, curse you disney channel for getting rid of the best show they have left/:
good to meet you in peson today - thanks for letting me pick your brain
TEXT-S&P ratings - Belarusian National Reinsurance Organization
Analysis: Sarkozy&#39;s miracle is nowhere to be seen
APD's CSI investigators at Eklutna Lake, looking into reports of human remains found there.
Mike Ganley smashed a PH double over the LF's head for the Pioneers' 17th hit of the game. Offense has it rolling.
You kids are CRAZY! Why did you leave so late?
...and you think...maybe it IS relevant, but just hasn't had room to grow up and evolve?
First straight set win ever!!!!
The Lion King <3
Well that just ruined my day.. #awesome 😒
Come tan your Monday blues away! $5 upgrades all day!!
let's go caps! I can't wait to watch the game tonight!
Niceville to get a damn book 😒
You're the coolest lol
RT : #uwebc- html5 and the impact that will have on social media, especially as an alternative for Apple b/c of Flash access.
mine too! Its delicious!!!!!!!!
I never saw you tweet.....oh well...plus I was on private chats anyway....
I'm so sick of name aiden. It sounds weird and wimpy. Ryan and Brian have always been faves of mine.
hello new followers ! thanks for following ! make sure you like us on facebook as well and follow us personally ,thank you ,with love er
Seems like I will be working all this summer....but I'm enjoying every moment of it.
It better not rain this weekend, I'm going fishing!
2011.09.10 #Phillies 3 #Brewers 2 | At least this was close / but post-season talk can stop / until this skid ends
I took riley for her ice cream soon as she got home now she knocked out :)
Anyone going to the Chicago show?
EXACTLY! i'm trying to trap people! lol make there be less forever alones out there and make the world a better place! :P
Right, and questions that come up, what year so and so happened, for instance, are answered in a moment.
Honey 2 Im so done.....
: friend or foe? It's only a matter of time before we have to battle his legless space progeny for the fate of humanity.
man I missed it!!
Want To Know How (Not) To Pitch Your Startup? Look No Further.
I can have all that though haha 
The loud drunkenly loitering patrons have been out of hand lately. I expect to hear people but it's still residential folks!
Emailed you his info. (Thanks, !)
Come hang out tonight at Club Motor!! We're playing with Bobaflex, Royal Bliss, and Oceans Divide! Doors at 6:30 show starts at 7
Loves her new iPhone 4s!!! :)
ok what u do for example if ur trying to say shit it will correct it but if u delete the last letter n put the last letter back
Don't let it happen, make it happen
What's for dinner? Mushroom fettucine Alfredo, of course. And Part 2 of Masterpice Theatre Birdsong. Anyone else been watching?
I saw a pic of one of these a couple days ago. So sick! But I do still love the Cayenne. Next on my list is a G Class
oh Yea
hahah its ok it will turn into a tan by tomorrow(: and thanks!
Tweet me something you want me to have Cody say in a tweet to you. I will photoshop it & you can fool your friends! (:
It's Official I got my AFTRA card today!!!!!!!!!!!
I've had my fair share of typography jokes getting crickets :)
I wasn't trying to bum any one out, I watched this on TV about India & it pissed me off.
Tip #206: When you are faithful with what GOD has GIVEN to you, He is inclined to give you more.
haha he's alive!!!!!
Hey Kelly! Miss ya too!" Please soon :) : We love seeing you happy! Let's reconnect soon... Miss Ya! Cc' "
So, these guys at my bus stop are talking about masturbating to dogs and quantum theory.
Thanks to all the fans The Troma Channel on Comcast had passed 1.5 million views last month!
Why my little cousin told me I look like Iman Shumpert lol
Oh man, did I get a selection.
Thanks so much for listening! Your bro was awesome
: Amen. Let's get to it! (commences email thread) lol YAY!!!
on a journey to self-improvement doing 30 stories in 30 days started last Friday going well.
Hello everyone!
Well, I was thinking of an organized event in March, but disorganized meetings beforehand are a great idea!
Threw up at work so I went home..lost a 5 hour shift..
Ready to be in someone studio
Our girlfriend made me follow you so you have 100 followers
Happy Easter to you, too!
"I reaaallly have to talkn to the doctor about those meddddss..... " if it doesn't feel right it's probably not right meds.? .
Did anyone see the aurora in the skys last night? If not keep your eyes peeled tonight, they are a fetching shade of Travail green...AWESOME
#blessed to be alive April 1st
no problem :) thanks again for the interview, we'll let you know when it's posted :)
Black bandana, sweet Louisiana
It's all been great so far. I can't wait to get to A Face To Call Home
well ima drink straight rum, whiskey, and maybe some scotch.
you are so on top of everything!
Great 21-5 win by over #France in the Bowl quarterfinals at the
Fluke. Although the last time I experienced it was a January in the '80s, so it may be significant as a cosmic event.
Woohoo, happy Friday!
top line = lyrics! everything else = track! :)
RT : Any producers want to place a beat on the next project? Email . Few spots left.
Come On #Idaho caucus #RonPaul!
Congrats to and Nicole on their wedding day!
RT : you just won a follower! Thank you! ^NB I really appreciate it!
Payday is upon us--scheming how to go through another paycheck! Getting ready for another work roadtrip this week, to stunning Winchester!
Simplicity is one goal of reform. Others: fairness, efficiency of incentives, revenue.
you too sweetheart!! Do you have Skype?
“ girl blow it out ya ass!”lol....i luv u2 sis
Weight Watchers signed Jessica Simpson for $3 mil? Hope she's OK with being second best looking spokesperson in a dress behind Sir Charles.
: #thingsidoduringsex Call the girl a b*tch that way I never mess up and call her by the wrong name.
Oh my captain, my captain. Thy will be done. Ơ̴̴͡.̮Ơ̴̴̴͡
Zip. Zilch. Nada. Obama Budget. Get my drift?
lol right and nuthing we on spring break
It's the end of the year mad rush on projects and planning. How's everyone holding up?
I KNOW THAT IF I GIVE UP THERES NO CHANCE OF FOLLOWING ME BUT IF I DONT HE STILL WONT FOLLOW WHATS IT TAKE 4 HIM 2FOLLOW A GUY
It does get better. My kids are 17 and 12. No more accidents!
SEPTA alert: The 513 to Malvern is running a new train this morning.
Come on now.
Laughter - the most civilized music in the world
One cinnamon chip muffin is not enough for this day...
Allergies apparently can develop later in life, get worse each year and pounce without warning.
It's pretty close. The goal is to have this page be pretty neutral and to have each exhibit specifically designed for content.
Did they?
: thanks wish I had a place to wear them if I could even buy them
you don't like parasites with your soy sauce?
Great image! You've reminded me not to mail godson's present till tomorrow.
Windmills going up on the roof!
haha. Man I have an Employee Handbook from my previous employer telling people to use perfume and fresh clothes.
"In Transcend mediation, we don't command, we propose. We prefer it not in the subjunctive mood. English is a very bad mediation language."
"Speak only when it improves the silence" - best quote of the day
Colleges Increasingly Offer Four-Year Guarantees: Some colleges are offering '4-year Guarantees' that... dlvr.it/mKsLF
Love Alex Goot 💚
I figured just an honest mistake or maybe ..........they know..... Haha
Okay, Internet. You're on your own for the next week. Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
Happy Monday! Remember #UWM faculty, staff & students get reduced rates on all classes, except the FREE ones ;)
aww you're so sweet! thank you!!!
Oh perfect :)
Thanks for following. Happy Monday!
Great idea. I remember seeing that on TV when I was a kid...
Working with my special needs students today.. My favorite group to work with. Puts things in perspective..
there has been talk about adding ee2 to core, but its very debatable and is also very much in the hot path.
u not the only one ha
That's not feedback you hear on the #oscars - its an alien invasion signal. Where's ?
right?!? It's right here in our back yard and, yet, we seem to forget that...they ARE hosting an event for #ypweek tho
Feelin the love on Twitter this morning....So Happy Valentines Day! - especially to each of you who have @/msg'd me this past year:)
Pollen can kiss my ass ^___^
yap. But my sleep!!!
Steelers baby know about it
nina nesbitt and ed sheeran are amazing wahhh why couldn't i be in europe when they were touring together
: can I get a follow back? And i agree about megan fox
You rock, Thank you for holding a hearing on
do you think you and PCFH should tour together?
So how did an 8 year old end up at my Christmas dinner? On a related note, where's the wine? And the Xanax?
Homegirl shows up to #BikramYoga with a full face of make-up on. That's the last thing you want when you're sweating like a whore in church!
in class online! i am not 100% sure if she;s guilty, but I think shes sketch as hell! I think she should get
WAKE UP!
must've been some nice shootin'!
looks amazeballs, that sounds like a perfect plan
-Lunch?! What's that!! Enjoy doll! XOX
Do it! “: Debating whether it would be unfair me to ask Sark about decision to try 61 yd FG in lieu of going for 1st
Headed to set 4 a long night of filming.... 10pm till 6am.... Ill be tweet'n tonight....
Lunch at Del Taco...now you're livin'!
I am so exicited about the Hairologie debut!
Guys, girls only say there's nothing wrong to hide the ugly truth
OMG, I've seen exactly 2 minutes with15 seconds of LadyGaga performing at the BTW ball, she's the most amazing & beautiful performer EVER!
U can't listen to what everybody says to u bc they can't hear what God is speaking to u! PREACH!! "Knowing God's Voice"
read your dm and just come right back to mentions
Anyone have a favorite WI cheese wholesaler??
Yankees just came back from 9 to 0 against red sox
One day I was walking by with a Walkman on..
Thank you! RT : Happy #FF! The sun is finally shining. Thank you to
#OnlyLightSkinDudes say "Light skin is the new style" Lol
wait where are you moving?
Home alone, it's quiet, I'm warm, it's making me sleepy.
yes boss
"Love Is Always A Bitch" - From Paris With Love
Life has just begun, don't throw it all away...
2 more followers and I'll have 2000.... how did that happen?
lol dude if they ever make a game with team deathmatch on horses it's automatically the best game ever invented. period.
That means you need friends.
Just Picked up my mom mothers day gift! Hope she likes it! Thank u so much ! :)
Welcome 2 #anchorage !!!
Our guitarist just made a twitter follow him!
Should I Drop an Instrumental tonight?
Hey Tim Thomas, Obama sends his condolences...Beyotch! Go Caps! (Yes, I've somehow become a #hockey fan.)
Looking forward to this day ending. I work Friday and Saturday!
I love grilling out in the winter
Thanks will keep in mind,MAX
Getting ready to unclog someone's toilet. Whoopie!!!
Bitches Brew and some summer cleaning. What up, #Stockholm in a month!
Pretty cool, hope to make it back to LA soon, we should hang out!!!!
I just want to start over with everyone.
Do you have a button authors can embed on their sites (like Goodreads, Facebook, Twitter) so viewers can connect directly?
My Goals for graduation 1, finish my degree with A's in every biology class 2. Graduate suma kumlade 3. Get accepted into med school
Of course, lol.
just found out my fed tax refund is getting direct deposited tomorrow - soo clutch.
Am loving new #Avi What a sexy sexy man! Even in art form! If I were a painter I would paint u next 2 me Oh wait I am a painter
yeah I think he's egging you on lol
Anheuser-Busch buys Oklahoma City distributorship Premium Beers of Oklahoma for $182 million, giving them 90% control of AB sales in OK.
The thing that bothers me is, these fans in Pittsburgh did not see the guy play so they have no business calling him out
I had a dream about u & DJ Paul came home to Memphis to party w/ us at our place like we're best friends. It was funny :)
That was hilarious. I love when he gets pissed off. I like Bowa doing it better.
Nope, you're not alone..HaHa...I wish he even talked more, he's so funny also, I totally crack up! :)
My darling daughters back to school wardrobe now includes a lego batman shirt
You got it!
oh gosh...im dead
Life's always a little better when there's a special someone to share the wonderful things with.
?????RT : Follow and I'll follow you back
Sitting at McDonald's observing my granddaughter playing and watching how nothing else matters to her but right NOW! Simply amazing!
no sir, no reebok, sorry
Crazy official post-NAMM day at the NOTION Music office. Everyone moving really slowly and red lights blinking on all phones.
you're support means so much!
"is that a.. OUTSIDE bird?!"
who do I look like? ??
No Spurs game on Sunday. Grizzlies beat Clippers 90-88. That series goes to a Game 7.
More than 2500 left handed people are killed every year from using right handed products
No problem, and you too :D
haha yah girl! & dang that sucks haha hope u get better :)
French toast and spiral ham for daaaayyyyz.
let it hurt, even more than i deserve. let it come down on mee. let it rain.
Abby thanks for checking us out :) xoxo
I got my iPhone from Sprint a couple of months ago. Super awesome.
Twas the night before his NBA debut: How Blazer rookie Nolan Smith plans to spend 1st Christmas in Portland. Watch at 11
The #weekend is almost here! What's your plan?
right on..one angry bills fan here
Why is it that all the perfect job opportunities have to come up so close to graduation but close 2-3 weeks beforehand?
Everyone is complaining about the Polish taking jobs. What about the lesbians taking our women?
I have never made but one prayer to God, a very short one: "O Lord, make my enemies ridiculous." And God granted it.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life insurance policy
President Barack Obama makes history once again by becoming the first U.S. President to back same-sex marriage!
Gm World!!!
you got to listen to Packer Face by C.W.A.
My Zen Thought for the Day: Time may be a great healer, but its a lousy beautician.
Thanks Jeff, I will check it out! I just flew into Chicago and boy are my arms tired! Har har har.
We are still waiting in the upstairs gym for another 45 minutes. Should have packed a lunch.
I don't know why, but I expect the market manipulators to perform some magic after lunch and at least moderate the market move.
I do this shit for a living, ain't no fucking way a average hooper hanging with me if I got serious
Be sure to pace yourself. You have the whole day ahead.
yes,opening for the Doobies. He can still shred-although he almost blew the speakers when he hit the wah wah pedal
Never tripping off of what aint mine
Sometimes yelling. RT There's a point in a spreadsheet day where you realize you are addressing excel by name as well as out loud.
Just got home-did Driver dance yet?
Well, 's use of "fuck it" is pretty spot on and much needed addition to the
OMG, I seriously want some pancakes from IHOP. Who wants to go?
hi! Yes I made it for Haverford...should be out next week, I'll tweet a link when. How is everything? Are you in Philly?
Sucks that the political reality dictates we argue "Who wins" instead of celebrating the "combined victory"of two Admins. with a common goal
I am not coming home till after work & you are at soccer. Mom is going to be home after her meeting.
that's about the extent of it. Throw God in there and its complete!
Go Go! Last day of the series and the last day for our #HomestandCombo - Fried Chicken & Beer for $10!
NAW DROPPING THE KIDS OFF AT SCHOOL
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho noone can stand, even their own family don't like em
sure I just have to find all the links lol
: #abqtalk. RE: Want to throw in how grateful I am for all the help gives to NPOs || We'll second that!
We gotta song out off r new record!! Tell us u love it, if yer fingers r crossed, keep em behind yer back. ;)
LOL Drew Brees in Seattle? Now THAT is a dynasty!!!!!
Things described as "fun for the whole family" just affirm my decision to never start one
do you really wanna love me forever, oh oh ohh or is it just a hit and run?
THIS x 1000! RT Let the magic happen. I'm tired of this 'must have the right pedigree' garbage. I want heart and attitude.
I can't wait to read a bunch of dumb fake things on the internet tomorrow
To love another person is to see the face of God. Les Miserables
If you're gonna be in Arizona on March 31st, come check out Bubble Bobble 4! PLEASE!? xD It'll be amazing!
Cool picture!
6 more tweets before I make it to 200 well now its 5 Lol :)
Two great days in Korea anncing our equity w #ShoutWaggenerEdstrom. Now London to meet w the EMEA customer advisory board and UK colleagues.
Happy Birthday to my brother !!!! I love you big head!!! :)
They was gud but Dm ur number so I can txt yu
Sometimes I wonder where.would I be at.if.I didn't change
Congrats on the Bill and Mary Diederich Scolarship!
professor has mixed reviews on rate my professor. i'm a little nervous, pressure's on. oh and I still can't believe he's my neighbor lol
if I were to buy a movie off itunes what movie would I buy...?
WANT MY PICTURE HMMP!
that's funny u say that cuz I wanna watch ball on you fools sunday
lmfao! Yeahh. That was just the mistake of the wrong street
song is catchy
Working hard to get some new ideas and some great foundations to add to our initiative! #
Join us @ our 2nd Tweet-up April 27th @ the Balloon Museum! Starts @ 5pm w/cocktails & and speaker J.D. Huss on Aviation in ABQ.
When a customer tells me i can keep the change and its a couple pennies i wanna punch them in the fuckin face
I think your guardian angel is Betty Boop!
no thanks
but it has been the subject of many articles and discussions. could also be that marketing efforts & team success haven't aligned
We are planting seeds that will all bring fruit eventually. Be patient with yourself.
Good morning! Thanks for the retweets!
facejacker then on the road jack.
If you RT anything from into my timeline, and you aren't pointing out how ridiculous they are,
ditto on the contract
not a joke, i'm just kinda giving up and unless something magical happens in like two hours im deleting it.
Bats game just started no score yet
Don't HOW I found you on here, but am STOKED that you're on here!! Never would've thought!
Understatement of the day "I'm quite embarrassed about the result" Neil Warnock, Leeds United boss
Congrats to Dominguez Insurance Services for hiring MAM5ive Creativegroup to launch and build their new marketing brand: brand ID developme…
it was so good lol! How are you friend?
ha, thanks Beth. Much appreciated.
#TurnToYou..I just cried hearing it.:( the most beautiful and touching song I've ever heard, gonna go show my mom it iloveyou♥
getting better today :)
Here we go! UK vs. KU Monday night. If it is as exciting as these two games have been, I might need more bourbon. (-:
I have the attention span of a 3 year old.
Happy Birthday Eddie!
Have you picked up the 4xLP reissue on Mississippi Records yet?
you know when you go crazy, cause you start histericaly laughing in the middle of your geometry class :P
Boston loves you and the whole team!! Keep up the good work and think positive!! #BruinPride #BostonOnTheRun #Follow?
it's all over my timeline everyone is freaking out about this Lexi girl that Austin supposedly likes.
Enjoy your trip. My bro helps run that airport there. They have special guests in this week & they better treat u all well.
I am! I have some experience with Val and her work, & I can say that she is graceful and perceptive. I hope you will do it.
finally got a twitter. How grand.
Might be cause Berad is boring...
I think about her all the time. Even now, when I’m sitting here, I think about her. There could never have been another.
no problem :)
thanks so much the follow! I <3 Voss but don't treat myself to it enough :) Yay for social/environmental responsibility projects!
Anyone need tickets to shellac tonight?
Thot u was sick RT : Watching the sandlot this is one of my favorite movies forreal
Love it! I just sent out a constant contact message today!
Happy National sibling day! I have the best sibs! Jeremy, Tara, Tanji, Thristian and Tori!
U r welCUM!
Seriously thinking I have pink eye. Kinda makes me feel like I'm in grade school again. LOL!
:Happy Thursday all :)
where u at?
Thanks, girlfriend!
Really?! Was I the lifeguard? lol
As much as you love Zuck, forget him. Your real love is Ryan Holmes, or maybe Jack Dorsey. What will hubby Paul think? cc
The last few have been fascinating, the Amish continues excellent TV on I can make it to
Got a light switch, AND, got a mattress
There's packin heat, then there's packing heat with style. A new fashion trend in N. Texas. Check it out on CW33 News at 9.
How long will the #catnap be between #thevoice seasons?
thanks for tweeting about the Coach's Show! You Rock.
I dont know where my phone is. I NEED TO CHECK IN TO HEATHERS LAIR!
Seriously though, any speakers or topics you'd like to hear at an upcoming Rise+Design event? Let us know!
% of Americans who've heard of France's new president Francois Hollande = 3; % of Americans who've heard of Nicolas Sarkozy = 4.
the length of your URLs scare me
your album isn't available on amazon...unlike the rest of america im android. God ain't let itunes manifest in my life yet lol
all he does is link empty jargon to western science. Evidence for his claims? ZERO.
This is great! Is your carto online anywhere? I'd love to take a look.
#tk11 if you say people need to 'learn to learn' now what have they been doing their whole lives til now?
Ok #happyhour fans, what is your favorite Irish #toast?
I told you this alright, but i love you. iLove you in the morning, and in the after noon. iLove you, iLove you, i love you.
Thanks for the follow and thank God for the Flaming Lips!
Is thankful for all of the cool gear that we get to play with every day. What are you thankful for?
You fail Niall. But this is why we love you -AliPaige
Making Crepes & Nutella drinking Coffee <3
RT New Mexico: Facility focus: TV News: State's stage count spikes w/ addition of Santa Fe Studios -- State's sta... bit.ly/ona4hK
Why did call me last might?
Why do you like the 35 1.4 for the C300? Just curious. I have both. The 35 would look about like a 50 on the C300, right?
bro is earl free yet like some real shit
A new museum that makes science rock - GMA News
have you called him ? and i will il tell him , and where is that at ? i was gonna go 2 cameo
now i know i'm late, but Louisville didn't surprise me against Cincinnati. nor against Syracus, because thats how we played all year long.
I had a pretty great weekend. all I can say is Ily girl. Lol =p
that's gorgeous! Have fun in California. I will watch episodes of the OC in your honor.
Today is May the 3rd of year 2012 and I am on top of the world!! Thanks be to God, my family, and my man!
It's #humpday, do you know where your work week has gone?
The only race you have to win is the race against yourself.. So look within and push your own personal boundaries
Pentax is still a company?
But on a good note NO bad dreams, just sleep 😌
watching Adventure Time all Day till I decide to get a life&Go outside C:
damn he said we gotta be there Monday instead of Tuesday wtf i needed a day of rest
as they say in Japanese アンニのおかげで...thanks to Anne (^_−)−☆ (don't ask me to translate japanese emoticons. I just guess)
maybe as a coach but as a player he wont. His min. salary is to much for the steelers cap room.
later this month sometime. We actually won't be able to come back for it.... Our schedules don't allow for it :(
Have you tried our any of our new teas such as: Holy Detox, African Summer, Cherry Tisane, Irish Breakfast or Phoenix?
Almost completely installed, all the Marimekko pieces are bright and lovely!
#SomeWhereOutThere is dude that's about to lose his virginity to the girl of his dreams...problem is, she'll forget all about him tomorrow
If Harry and Lily are really dating I doubt that their relationship would really last
RT : Congrats and good luck to all our #ARathletes in the #NFLdraft! We're proud of you, #Overdogs!
no not dis year its the pats an giants
I just read an short article on coaching mistakes and I completely agree. I never pull a kid out for making a mistake or 2.
you too Brandon !
- nah! he'll switch around a bit. just letting it flow
Enjoying a Spurs Game on this last night of my vacation. Two weeks of relaxation to end the year was pretty awesome. Now let's get a win!
Fantastic point. I'm thinking Jack, though.
Yes. Internt is back on, I can have a life again and fangirl! (:
Um everybody just ain't gon like u
Yes! I have actually been here a while, but not doing the Belltown thing. This is way more fun!
*promoted tweet* RT : the show is fantastic ma'am. Ppl bid on forfeited storage units. Don't judge a show by its title!!!
<< Exactly! Don't blink!
That's hotter than the green stuff...really-BH
" An ego hinders your ability to influence more than anything else under your control." — Michael McKinney... #check-it-at-the-door#
Are Georgetown and Lexington in the clear?
Making peanut butter better. 2 U-of-Oregon students create "Wild Squirrel Nut Butter",a fave of Next
told you Uncle Dave has connections!!!!
Very true Carl. Kudos to Carmelo and the Knicks on a huge game.
Scrubbing floors at the new Pine City Fire Department today. Happy to be busy this week.
Uh, yep, my first tweet : )
No question.
"Happy Birthday Kurt Cobain" If only you were still alive, then the crappy, weak, limp, unoriginal, over-rated Foo Fighters would be dead.
My life has been compromised by negativity,battered,beaten,stolen,erased,and emotionally I'm hurt but everyday I'm glad to be the smart one
Look what this Boy sent to his Grandma instead of his Girlfriend
thanks missy! I love female gaymers too
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders. -Jewish proverb
I have changed the channel dude
The institution where I artistically grew
Over 50% of men by age 50 have male pattern hair loss.
The Pacers will win Game 1.
Thanks for everyone who came to our event in #Buffalo today with Very informative event!
so bored
where yo friend house at ? N on the 91 freeway
Hope mine drops by Dunkin' Donuts too RT : BREAKING: American Airlines Flight Makes Unscheduled Stop at ATM
or maybe a night of margaritas with the McMillins?
We are looking for .net developers! Email
I hope we're speaking of the same event, and that it didn't happen twice. I read about it last week.
Sent from my Verizon Wireless 4G LTE Smartphone. Dbl rainbow Middleton
bentwood wolfgang till we die if u hatin then go suck on a dick
: I could have came and got you on my motorcycle.... I got boots..
On my way to #aam2012 early in the a.m. See y'all there!
Lakers have a player on the team who will start a riot in a minute & he calls himself worldpeace -,- WTF is wrong with tht man?
I'd take a good old-fashioned snowstorm over this sweltering heat any day.
so glad it is finally friday!
I have the most amazing soulmate who is so incredibly good to me. Thanks for every kindness Michael. I love you.
This new deal sweeter den peach Ciroc.
90s wage growth meant you could 2x income in 30 years. With today's #wagegrowth, it would take 300 years. Janice Eberly
RT : I'm thinking we hit up for lunch. I'm not afraid to #WienerUp in the middle of the day.
u just happen to choose the 3 best players in the world lol.. But in 3v3 I do agree
Followed! to follow shortly as well! #GoBuckeyes nice INT yesterday, Howard.
Web Tip of the Day: Social media is useless if you have nothing to say.
Christmas lights bonus for Westbrook kids - The Daily Post Christmas lights bonus for Westbrook kids The Daily Post Westbrook School will
Just met at the Falls Church Farmers Market today, and seriously considering an Alaskan salmon share for Sept 2012.
it should be clear now that Bynum doesn't want to be here. Pau no longer is fighting to stay either.
You cant imagine how much fun Im not having
A phone with no camera is just a tragedy
Hello baby
Show tonight at RockBar in Nashville, TN!! Come kick it with us!!!
We are so pumped to have follow us.
Im surprised i don't take pills in my sleep😳
I want Justin bieber in the middle of the cove not stupid one direction
Sundays have been our wedding workday for the last year and a half... what are we to do in 19 more days? :)
I hate u
Tomorrow is gonna be hell.
House Environmental Matters votes out amended form of Senate's ethics bill.
Obama visits Los Angeles 20 cookbooks we should free after Obama in recession as Chinese airport hires
What a blast of a concert last night given by in Panama City, FL! Standing ovation!
Repo: the Genetic Opera... Rocky Horror-style! Also, Anthony Stewart Head is here...awesomeness.
ya u do if u didnt u wouldnt bee defendin ''u dont care''
I hate that I can fall asleep easy everywhere but my bed .
I miss Victoria 's tweets man!!!! :(
hey it looks awesome!
I love LA, but I fucking hate burbank.
what's ye pin
ICM crowd: have a copy of 's book , please check the signatures. If it is made out to me, I would LOVE to get it back.
Loved seeing you on Bill Maher this week!
Richard Brinsley Sheridan~ He is indebted to his memory for his jests and to his imagination for his facts.
cheer up don't worry about drama yolo!
Hungry aafpg!!!(as a fat pregnant girl)
I just looked over my left shoulder and saw Kim Granatell going to .
Thank you, kind friend of mine!!
Did #sopablackout start early? I wondered. psyche -- just more chrome dns failure
when are you going live? or if are you going live for the challenge?
Hollywood Alley tomorrow, come by for a drink and welcome back Mark to his first show since becoming a Daddy, show starts at 9, early...
talk to you more ;) and its fun! lol
Thank you for following as well!
The SECRET CONFERENCE MEETING went well, but Larry Scott lost a contact, leading to several hilarious misunderstandings.
You seriously dont understand anythingg...it doesnt have anything to do with you
Just got done having a mud fight. Cant believe im as girly as i am and had a mud war with the besties!!!
royal plush!!!!
sweet have a great show!!
Nice.. Wanna come on pds? XD
Live right, save sight! - Plan time for exercise during the holidays.
Wait . so the ICONic Boyz & Vinny are coming to Chicago in September & august?
uh its saturday....uh because nuccas aint real....uh shit, just because
The charity photo shoot I do today with Michael was really great
JMFJ!!!!!!! Announcing to the crowd at Michigan/Wacker that USA won
LOVE IT!!! You are truly living "Your Life..Your Purpose!"
i dont think i ever been this angry in my life jus pure hatred!! dont like the feeling @ all
Labor almost always able2 drastically reduce 4crisis,not perm. Corps stopped givng a fk.
& he still hasnt texted me since, no type of explaination.
where have you been. 0_o
MT : 2 F-16s intercepted general-aviation plane that violated airspace restrictions as President Obama left LA this morning
and I thought my friday night was going to be boring. So excited for
you're welcome!
Lol thats what i think too!!:) whats the point of twitter?
#IfIWasPresident march 1st would be a national holiday and beliebers would all get off school for that & all other bieber related functions
Thank you for letting us know! Luckily, we are currently offering free shipping at www.Clear2O.com!
i flip that middle finger up and the index finger follow. duecez. ✌
Thanks for confirming I'm not crazy. Glad I'm not the only one!
this could be interesting
Remember you are blessed.Some have it way worse than you do.Peace Love Respect . Enjoy life.
Day TWO of Joe's ride to raise funds from Creative Arts Camp! Thanks, Joe!
haha I love you Trace!!
I just got tickled by my 5 year old cousine!
1 more hour
My Name Has A Meaning.,!
aw shit im at.wrk ima get up wit u next time
Missed you too Mikey!
So is it a bad sign that I watched the saxeT spring game to "scout" for OU/TX in 7 mos?
Say, where do those steps lead to?
Argee pretending to give birth > LOL
it's scary how fast this year went .
Why would you name a group Travis Porter when it sounds like only one person is in it? That ain't right. -.-
In Cape, tired. Don't really feel like dealing with my family today.
RT Loyalty is all I know..
Everything is up and running at today's "Church Choral Music Reading Session" and our "Organist Only" reading session. M...Doughnuts?
40th & 8th ill meet you at the corner then
S/O to my new follower #TeamFollowBack!
Cant my phone is broken. Its 9193496597
Think I'm shutting off the phone and getting sum much needed rest....
Sitting in my car outside U of I's shadiest apartments with the music on loud. Yeah, I'm THAT person.
What makes you think you can get this girl& all of a sudden get naughty. u should have to touch her heart& mind 1st before u touch her body.
sounds like fun! And for a great cause
Totally, I'm super down to go!! Hopefully HOB SD will happen soon...sigh...why jackson! I coulda been your baby momma...why...lmao
make two dreams come true but following me nd 44
Yay trip done and home for weekend!!!
Tip 3: Wealth - Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
thanks for following me Drake!!
hahahaha sadly no not today maybe friday tho!
My mom is well my daughters well so that means I am well, I'm back to tweeting bitches
aye dont forget my ipod hoe!
FYI World: is and will be more successful than you can understand. If you know him, consider yourself lucky.
Just had an amazing meeting!!!! #can'twait !!!! So many great things happening in the next few months!
Will do! What did you think of the film?
I need a haircut!
Have a good show, lady!
OPB radio coverage is no more. American roots my a**
Thanks, Michael. I enjoyed your piece on how you became MR Editor. Take care, and hope your work is going equally swimmingly.
Dont stand me up just ...tell me you dont wanna go with me anymore....
Two men, one rash.
ight imma check It out thanks
I've never been to the Tour de France but I did see a crackhead on a 10 speed crash into a tree at 20 Mph in Tompkins Square Park.
RT "Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still." Dorothea Lange
The Zohar book is a powerful tool for protection from physical illness and danger in all forms.
i geuss ;P
Happy Holidays to you as well!
agreed - more inspired and feeling supported than I have in so long!
Thank you for sharing our posts!
Fabulous dinner last night ! Bone marrow app was a hit w/our marrow newbie peeps. Night cap after #AdamCarolla was perfect!
so got any tips on getting my golfer boyfriend interested in yoga? my teacher is awesome, helped other golfers. but BF just scoffs
thanks for the follow
pretty good! :) I just woke up hahah :)) what are you up to?
This is what we had to wear for the skit.... Yes. I am sponge bob and i am proud of it. ://t.co/KBMv4gIX
#GiambattistaVico #MarcelDanesi it gets kinda tedious...
I can relate to #turntoyou so much. it's definitely bringing tears to my eyes<3
Lots of great local design information & inspiration from you and your daily online #DCDesign paper. TY & Cheers! :)
Tech & Soc Wk 5: 12% of Medicare payments pay for services during the last month of an average patient's life.
It WON'T STOP RAINING
Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Me !! I Will Follow Back
Horchata, leave it to the Mexican's to invent leftover Cinnamon Toast Crunch milk before Cinnamon Toast Crunch existed.
If you take my tweets seriously, I feel sorry for you.
Today is the most frustrating day I've had in a long time. So glad I'm not full of rage anymore, or this could be bad.
excited to have you in our space!!!!
Oops. Forgot you were 20 now. Whatevs.
But Toby is still top of the list right?
": I saw a fat lady with a "M.O.B." tattoo on her arm. I asked "money over b*tches?" She said "No, McDonalds over Burger King.""
Happy New Year Twitter family Want cheaper bills each month,and money back for paying those bill?Then you must! http:/www.5linx.net/L480387
It just came to me that I get to go to Amoeba this week! Yes!
When im on my knees... It is not to pray.
man the punk ass police fuck up 55 day
Dave- watched your call of that game at least 10 times! You are now a permanent resident of Cooperstown!
Good night people in the east of America sweet dreams =D
RT : Please introduce yourself and tell us what Chapter you're from!
Seriously. Loosing that hour feels like i lost an entire week..of sleep
If A female is alreadi mad..den u bash her...Do u think her Attitude is bout to change?
The 1st step: acknowledging truth. Flip flops aren't real shoes. Lol
Heaven is a hashpipe
just finishing; Lewis explains well the idiocy and dishonesty behind the catastrophe
LORD?! looks like a PRINCE HAHA! get it
0% of Waukesha County is reporting...I am shocked
i don't follow, are you stating less is more? 12 columns or go home?
"Always do something interesting and engaging, and they'll talk" - of
Christans, stop hiding behind the Word of God! Come out and show your face and embrace! Its your heart that will show them Jesus
HAHAHA. sweat lady? oh my.
Happy birthday Khudobin!
Had a wonderful time at today's Annie's List luncheon, and am now out blockwalking before visiting the Irving NAACP meeting.
Happy Birthday to Princess_Booker, Jah Bless!
Just spent 30mins playing deer hunter on my ipad... I blame you
Worked with prom..
lmao and u just had to put this on twitter
granted, that's very pie in the sky, but whatever. they'll still do fine.
my mom didnt wake me up!!!! now im late for school!!!
#cardcont - Level of detail = bias by the back door, driven by economics and the evil market -
Well spoken
Would you be interested in doing a short write-up on the 9th District race & the recent forums for our blog?
Interesting to watch Keith Olbermann trying really hard not to be a dick on "This Week."
will be my 4th (or 5th cant recall) highedweb come october. Finally submitted a proposal. Interesting topic be sure to see url
Ratatat is such a chill band
we love.
oh thanks that explains a lot lol -_-
Hope to have any of your group that wants to come out and spread the love of Ultimate!
u can tweet but not photoshop?
Want a #nudist discount vacation 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
I miss you too!!! I'm guessing your not going to the Chicago show on Wednesday ?
Against my better advice, you've gone and elected me to the ALCTS CMS Executive Committee. Or that's what my email says.
OR Eddie The Greek-Shaved Strip loin, Lettuce, Tomato, Feta Cheese, Kalamata Olives and Tzatziki Sauce Wrapped in Naan Bread
done with day 2 of standing desk….harder than day 1
Yes, Planning is underway for #webdev12. And you are invited.
God morning my beautiful bab
woooot RT : Starting homework at midnight. Spent the day playing #Fifa12 with my boys. So worth it haha
Ahaha! I love it! :]
wonderful #IoT infographic! I'll be presenting on market frameworks for the Internet of Things at #TPRC this year :).
IT'S GOING DWN TNGHT @ FAST EDDIES EMBASSY OAKS, W/DJ TRINI B. 10-2 $5 COVER W/FREE POOL, $1 WELLS, $2 CALLS, $3 PREMIUMS, ALL NIGHT LONG!!!
It's worth trying again. There are new, more developer-friendly people in charge of rubygems since this summer.
The Hunger Games is so much better the second time around.
Yeap and rumor has it he ate the Light Weight Title!
Don't know a ton about OEM at the moment, but I will scare up some resources.
Party bus anyone for Brad? 25 bucks! Need like ten more people!
awesome! How bout you? What time is it there?
Look, is it just me or Jelena always "break up" before award shows? Let's just wait till Sunday. Maybe they're still together.
TY so much for the shout-out! :)
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning!
im going through it right now. hardest thing ever.
Working on the top films of 2011 list. Which is your favorite of the year?
Finally, something goes right! It's a sign!
No! Was it Stuart Smalley-esque? RT : Did you see my message on your mirror in the dressing room?
Hypocritical much?..
Doug Kalitta and Ron Capps opened the 2009 Full Throttle Drag Racing Series season with wins in Funny Car...
Just spoke to Vince Sweeney from the UW. He says he wasn't suprised that people defended Chadima in this latest report.
I usually listen to Chelsea Grin on occasion, but Lilith sounds like something i'd wanna listen to everyday!
I Drunk Better when I text!
“: Holiday Bowl: The Longhorns athletic dept budget ($136.8M) is more than twice that of Cal ($64.3M).” yep
how much shit does a person need
Who is this Matt Moore kid?!
I'm pro-Booze at Baby Showers. Shots? No. Full Bar? No. Wine and/or Mimosas - good for mama-to-be and her pals :)
My honore Thank you
I’m not the only one who can’t tell the difference between the Path and Pinterest logos, right?
i dont know
repeat RT: Dear God, plz protect my liver, life savings, & dignity this wknd. Also, plz help me not die. Amen.
SNAP (Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program) and WIC (Women, Infants, and Children) programs. Adressing Food Insecurity in the US.
The fact that we have hot chocolate in the kitchen now means I will absolutely be making DIY Dunkaccinos every morning.
Epsom soak, hot tub and ice cold pool. Step 1 of my daily prep for #brewersfantasycamp is complete. Off to the stadium.
Can't say I know of any other published sources...
noo i wrote alot of it during study hall i only have to finish writing part of my 4th body paragraph and the conclusion
I agree -- AK is spectacular in the summer months. All that daylight, teeming with beauty and wildlife.
Ready for #Bedlam baseball tonight at #GoPokes!!!
#EPIC #FAIL RT We took new guy to magic market. He embarrassed us by asking for a diet coke and then ordering a water...
Turn my bones to sand.
You got out pretty fast lol.
Just finished my concert in Marciac,France,with Kirk Lightsey,Dwayne Burno and Victor Lewis-BIG fun!!
I used to favor big, clunky shoes hoping people would notice them and not my big, clunky feet.
Everything I've said in the past 24 hours has been unintentionally horrifying/hilarious. Wordsmith, y'all.
can u follow me plzz
This sunday! Relive all of the magical moments of CMA fest right from the comfort of your own couch "Country's Night To Rock" on ABC!!!!
TIL i have a japanese geert hofstede power distance. time to get austrian up in here.
If you get that burning/warm feeling in your stomach when you think about success in a certain realm, its your passion. Never ignore it.
Damn Bettimet would have scored...
Doritos ad could be 1 of this year's best. If you need an ad expert 4 pre or post-game review, consider talking w/ again
Setting' the tent up at the entrance to Frontiere Field today.. say hi on your way in!!
LIFE WOULD B LIFE IF DER WASN'T OBSTACLES
Definitely! Hope all is well with you. How 'bout we chat later this week? DM me a few times that work for u. :)
If you aren't watching The Announcement on ESPN, make sure you catch replay.
my dad always tags me in pictures of my baby sister on facebook. like why..
sideways it sorta looks like a fish :-)
YES!! It’s Friday. Need we say more?
starting 3rd place today man i hope you win go kenny go get em
you coming to the gold coast film fest saturday?
valentine's week - are you heart ready? Tip: find a brighton store near you -
would definitely be the same warranty... As far as the apple store goes, not sure. But definitely get a Mac!! You will love it
Obama: "Can I mention again that I got Bin Laden? Because I totally did. Just, you know, FYI."
my Mom put as her staus " i'm Watching my Son-in-Law on ABDC Nick" i was like *Fangirling* :)ILYShawty<3
#bandsilove System Of A Down.
Giving Thanks for the RTs!
Bro you a bum
Obama makes jokes about eating dog, about Romney's wealth, about Romney's dog, about a secret 2nd-term agenda (win war on Christmas).
Thank you Emma Silverman!! You rock sister! Thank you for your love and support!
Thank you for the mention! Have a great weekend!
This weekend was a good one. And to end it I'm watching my fav housewives! #RHONJ Jacqueline, & Kathy : )
Looks like I'm cooking pot roast on Tuesday according to my older brother. All are welcome.
Throwing Candy for 's avatar
how have u been
Your favorite fish fry location in #MKE: or ?
At TIA waiting to board plane to ATL. Triple mocha doesn't balance getting up at 4:45am. *yawn*
"There's a great power in words, if you don't hitch too many of them together."
Black funk. One of those weekends where I made a horse's ass out of myself so many times I should have just dressed up as one.
I love the super bowl! It's like thanksgiving. The house is starting to smell of great food! What are you doing today?
Thanks much for the RTs
There's only been like five episodes out, i've only missed one.. thanks to my dang DVR. :( but you must see them!
#YouGettinPunchedIf take my headphones off.
Not really, except for the statuses.
Looking forward to tasting the new menu items at 's happy hour tomorrow night!
Madonna is 'not a person you warm to', says Hugo Vickers, the historian who advised on her film, W.E. 10 Jun 2011......
Trying to figure out how to shoot video on my Canon Rebel. Tonight, it's join down...and all in the name of
Good lift ta day ma arms feel great #NO SLEEP
Good morning! I need lots of coffee today!!
Five points to Gryffindor. “: Indiana Farm Bureau Insurance?”
Guess I'm not going over there to watch the game
The Dickies and Fear.
I find it strange that we go to great efforts to track and categorize approved runtime env. @ work, but then ignore the web browsers.
innovation is meeting a need based on the tools in front of you. Great example of soccer ball - one's trash another's recycling
❤ Happy Valentines Day ! ❤ ﭢ
Trunk Show- Saturday, October 22- Joseph Abboud Apparel & Daniel Dolce dress shirts and cuff links
More on mystery aircraft? Hurrah!
help me out and spread the word!
thanks for your support girl! Us Beliebers have to stick together :)
“Success is not a destination thing, it’s a daily thing.”– John Maxwell
Chris Tomlin performing live on 268generation. Singing world Great is our God!!
#imagine Liam: i don't want you to go. you: i need to. Liam: but what if i never let you go ? you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
Thanks for the follow!!
I look like a moron in my picture... BUT it makes me laugh soo 😄
hey... This girl does
I absolutely love it, but its like being on the opposite schedule of when I was in school. Now my summers are the busy time.
RT : So excited to be on your show this morning with
Congratulations and good luck finishing up!
Things are good. I escaped the monkey cage I've been recently and am now a recovering ambitious Admiral ;) Coming north soon!
-- so tired today. Need to go grocery shopping. Blah
We Republicans need to defeat the celebrity candidate Obama. Let's all pledge to go out and win one for the Gipper.
please follow back??:)
I'm dedicated to my family, Friends, Music and the creation of the
TM #Tip: Stop interrupting yourself! Think about it - how often are your work days self-interrupted?
Library (and other) web folks. We want to use CMS for our site. We're looking into WordPress, Drupal and Joomla. What do you use/recommend?
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
please call me, let em ease ya mind
That's also exactly what I do when I'm procrastinating writing anything.
One year anniversary arriving in the Emerald City.
Oh no! I hope you're feeling better.
Good night gorgeous people!!!!! :*
School will bore u if u have 2 much work
"Mom, I got you & my sister a great christmas present!" "Perri, it better not have ears and a wagging tail"... Guess a puppy is out this yr
Just got a great call from thanks for the love and for the words of wisdom.
I've never smelled a fart I didn't like.
I'm glad nothing else happened. Did some one hit u
"others are not responsible for your happiness, you are"
Don't forget to "Like" us on Facebook this week for a chance to win 2 tix to 3/29 SD Lady Gaga concert! We’ll be drawing a winner on Monday.
thanks for following! I see we have a lot in common. I work for shoes too!
Yal can say what yal want, but the Music on those Pokemon video games back in the day was AMAZING!!!
Your outer world is a direct reflection of ur inner world. A tree is always known by its fruit.
Fun times are coming!
I am not justifying their business model. I am complaining about an article steeped in that sense if entitlement.
for reals! I assumed it was a skate shop b/c it looks extreme.
mother's day is over. you may now request sandwhiches again. :)
Woo hoo -- it's Festival of Lights, baby! Tonight 6-9pm in downtown GSO. www.festivaloflightsgso.org. Be there or be square!
Avengers was dope by the way... But I wouldn't spend the extra money on 3D though.
Ironman or Hulk? Who cares they both suck
Nice game! RT :
IMMATURE: a word boring people use to describe fun people. ~daily quote by Childish
took your boy to some classy places tonight
Excuss me while I go cry into my pillow until I fall asleep.
RT : This is the Madame Tussaud preview of the new Beach Boys exhibit, right?
It doesn't burn anymore~! #vodkasavestheday # tattoo
#np Oxford Comma-Vampire Weekend.
Forgot how much I love cream cheese crackers.
Me too RT": Im fuking sick"
want to keep up with everything going down at Cannes? Check out cannescentrale.com or download the iPhone app.
ChristI - this time she blogged prudent puerile
lol its all good. and thats pretty cool, i never heard about them and I wouldnt mind winning 2 houses :)
Today at our event we're learning about building your platform w/ (social media maven) &
Cool. I hope he gets his payday.
Nice.. looks good buddy....
EXACTLY!!! Weaves are for every race tho.
I did. Trying to figure out how to write about it
Thanks for following !
Thank you. i have no idea what I'd do without you. <3
And my hands hate me.
I feel bad cuz I'm not getting on twitter as much. [•_•]
We are all halves looking to be whole
Dis dike bitch tricia just called me a PM head
won't load. What did people do before ?
Is it too much to ask to hold off the UVa football stories until after the UVa bball season?
I'm tweeting that I need someone to love
i hate the new youtube :[
Happy Monday! Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com Connect.Discover.Share with others!
Thanks for coming out! Hope you had fun!
Sounds like my Cinco de Mayo :)
it won't let me watch!
run down the street like a mad person and if anyone asks claim your lindsay lohan.. thats what i'd do anyways
Happier Hour Soon!
On #MothersDay pause to say a prayer for all those who would be #mothers but for the horror of
I guess the bike thief spoke too soon. (In regards to being caught.)
Tonight we are listening to the original Orson Welles radio broadcast of WAR OF THE WORLDS. Thoughts to come at
rolled into Clark street ale house and dead milkmen came on. Philly in the house
Cool. This week is a little crazy. It mad shows and events I gotta hit. Next week should be better
Sydney Harris~ When I hear somebody sigh Life is hard I am always tempted to ask Compared to what
oh sorry haha I meant her .
google+ pages are a great tool for bloggers: circle sharing, seo, photos, videos, Hangouts, ripples, etc.
If you love someone you better prove it Because love is not a noun to be defind But a verb to be acted upon♥
Ive had about 10 accounts not order today. Funny thing is, they ALL asked me to bring them something. Neons, Coasters,Shirts,Cups etc.
:: tying flies w/ a waning fever for Del. trip...sickness will not stop me, but flies look rather ill.
2007 Microsoft buys Avenue A for $6 Billion 2009 Publicis buys Razorfish (the heart of Avenue A) from Microsoft for $.5 Billion
Keenly interested in their "amazing simplicity."
"No is not an answer. Its a challenge to your perseverance!"—Delano Johnson (Talented&Broke NOV26)
i got my ib shirt on. im READY (:
Social media has changed the world.. Significantly..,
me too...its like a month since ive seen you and thats not fair!
#GreatestAlbumsOfAlltime Whitney Houston (self-titled) 1985 💙
They're gypsies. Really.
hermit week for sure
Some people always gonna be stuck in their same old ways that set them back..
Once was enough for me!
I like that one too, not seen it in while either
that would be great!
A great summer read is Pearl of China esp if you have read The Good Earth! Recomm'd by NPR also.
no more rum... but y the rum
Romney + Obama should debate using the universal language of music via that contraption Dick Van Dyke wore in Mary Poppins
You were missed on Tuesday. Hope all is well with you.
cause you have too much swag for
I haven't watched yet! Edit your tweets carefully. E.
oh. OK. I thought perhaps they endorsed Beelzebub for the GOP.
Browns players who call it the "dog pound" instead of the "dawg pound" piss me off. kno and respect the tradition god damn it
shit at this NIGGA Jeff crib wit P bout to turn up n grab this bottle u slidin ova here tonight ?
Im tellin ya. Girls night. Next weekend. Ill be in ATL this weekend :(
Zimmerman's lawyer and friends are starting to trash Trayvon Martin now. We've landed into "blame the victim" territory.
Big thanks to for teaching me am entire trig unit in 15 minutes <3
We apologize for not getting with you sooner.
what a gaylord
Sounds good! Where you at?
come back desperate house wives imy!
is gay! he went for a reach around! o:
What fantastic ideas for differentiating prof learning. I'd love to learn more about each. Consider writing about it on #educoach blog
At Startup grind meetup with
WOW terrible hacking from me. Thanks for your warning. taken steps not sure it's enough.
No problem
let all that i am praise the Lord; with my whole heart i will praise His holy name -psalm 103:1
I'll love you like no other guy can. I'll treat you like a princess. I'll show you off to the world. I'll hold you close. You'll be mine.
Fountain of youth is in....
I don't say it enough.... my family is awesome....
I feel like it should just be "Pedi" so when ppl ask "is it a Pedicab co or a Pedicure Co you'd be like, both!" And then: gasp.
He done the heart x
You and a bunch of other fans/experts
that you sir, just wanted to say hello because I always will recall ur name around my house as a child ! Good talking with you!!!
You have what it takes.
then I need to be concerned too - but I do it in front of the models. Eep!
i bet! i was so mad i missed it
RT : Also: GOP Rep. Gottwalt, who sits in back of House chamber near crowd, brought ear plugs for today's session.
LEAVE ME ALONE. I'M ONLINE SHOPPING!!!!
Hold on to your heart now honey, don't think for second that you've figured me out.
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity
I wish I came out the closet when I was in high school so I still wouldn't to have see the surprise on ppls faces as an adult..
Hey! I had an in your honor! haha RT : 1. Thanks for the invite 2. ENJOY! 3. THANKS FOR THE INVITE ;)
Ok then ill ask(:
thanks for the shout!
Oops according to the interwebs and the twitterverse I was wrong in my last tweet - Coca Cola has not bought GTs Kombucha yet
no those are Amish people and they don't watch it cause they don't have a tv
but there is nothing to go half on.. like the car? She never said she needed help, she always said she got it & didn't care
whats good twit game? anyone wanna pregame tonight for tomorrow? after all its almost
You can invest in the Stock Market and gamble or you can "Invest in Yourself" and control your Return! It pays dividends the rest of your l…
re: redline train holding at Dupont for train behind us (?!) pls use real minutes to estimate when we'll be moving. Not "momentarily"
Welcome to #cni12s! Registration opens at 11, Chesapeake Gallery. First time @ CNI? Come to Cliff's orientation @ 11:30, Harborview BR
Twitter is like an eating flesh. Once started it will eat you alive at the end, like the Chagrin skin. Can you oppose this? It worth it!
Happy New Years!
thanks darling :) ugh this stuff is so confusing! 😖
What are you looking forward to this week?
Lucky #400 is ! Congratulations, you win this tweet.
Fagin: Must adopt high degree of skepticism but low degree of cynicism and realign relationship with audience.
That's allowed, right??
gonna be a crazy day!
Happy New Year to you, too!
Way late reply, but I have it.
then she is clearly missing out!
Just pre-ordered the Uncle Tupelo vinyl reissues, 7" box set & a t-shirt.
RT : I had the best massage ever tonight .. shout out to Jackie in GSO .. amazing
is that every clouds dream?
I don't like pvps much .. bet you couldn't guess.. lol
Real niggas who put they dick in without a condom YOLO :)
We love asses! RT Alright yall, tonight's the last show of the Spring! Get your asses to ! 930 pm.
my page is dead. i need follows
Just got back from the hair salon My hair feels so soft
haha witch one?!
pretty interesting talk don't you think? I'm at daystage now
i should really do my hw
your answer is yes I'm working on twitters new reality TV show produced by FMG TV I see your work was that all done in Spain?
getting all riled up for a summertime tour
hhaha u just got Arianafied! Good One!
hope your crew is having a great holiday weekend! :)
