Yeah, not so much. :/
"HARD WORK WILL PAY OFF LATER. LAZINESS PAYS OFF NOW!"
Afternoon baseball & evening NCAA hockey? What a glorious day of sports we have on tap.
COOL MORNING! Learn it. Love it. Trend it! :D
Miami Heat, Orlando Magic, Utah Jazz, Tampa Bay Lightining, Oklahoma City Thunder
Steve Jobs, thank you for changing our world forever...we will miss u
I think 's helicopters are buzzing over my apartment right now. Kinda bugs. Since he's pro #gaymarriage now, I'll let it slide.
for the new 2013 dates, how do we get access to the one direction presale?
Just a night at home with a bottle of wine.
She's 20 but acts younger. She's smart, but doesn't know what she's doing. I don't think she'd had sex other than rape
I cant disappoint people! If I do I melt down.
Gota used coffee table
Thanks for the wonderful meeting alderman Foulkes. Looking forward to to implementing some amazing new initiatives together!
definitely - some networks broadcast 16:9 HD and crop to 4:3 for SD. Overscan ruins lives, etc.
:+D RT : You never know what people are going through. A simple smile and a few words could completely change someone's day.
I want to see a television drama about a warm-blooded killer
Defend the #StanleyCup ! Let's go, Bruins!
hard to tell.
Cross between the Go go's concert and twitter: We got the tweet, we got the tweet, yeeeaaa, we got it! Everyone knows the tune, sing along!
Music isn’t just learning notes and playing them, You learn notes to play to the music of your soul. – Katie Greenwood
and the other one.
76 % of domestic violence shelters (three out of four) indicate their funding has decreased the most from governmental organizations
He still a stupid bitch tho #AtTheEndOfTheDay *Shrugs*
that's called payper view
We gonna party all night !!! No sleep! !!
RT : I AM SO CONCERNED ABOUT MY PRIVACY *continues to publish shit all over the internet anyway, is also retarded*
Where is President's leadership? Libya? High oil prices and foreign depedence? Hige deficits? Inflated dollar? Porous borders? No jobs?
Need ideas for holiday or bday gifts? #giveaway toy consultation www.knowledgesafari.com click blog from
have you showered yet?
you could be one! Just sayin again;)lol
Watching Coming to America
lol ikr ...get ya ass back on ps3
"Stop expecting the fight to be fair."
Stand up by Everyday Sunday
d(^_^)b {{Single & I'm So Fucken Rocking It}} Boyfriend WHAT, HUH, WHO, Hahaha U Wish U Had Me
Can school end like NOW!!
I thank my God every time I remember you. In all my prayers for all of you, I always pray with joy. - Philippians 1:3-4
ya know I forgot to say: I got the flu and set the table and went up to bed before my guests arrived!
getting better, but still some issues at times. I have tomorrow off, so resting. Thanks for checking in :-)
it's wonderful, sadly underrated I thought.
hey Lisa! Sorry to hear about your Colts player. :(
Just for one day so we could meet up with E's to fly to Panama. We'll be back Aug. 4th...you luv some India :-)
Paying attention to Lanham
still a Nissan...
LOL. you know me too well! ;P
The icebergs of this world may try to sink us,but we shall stay afloat!!
This is such a non-diehard fan thing to say but I just can't understand how teams don't come out ready to play in the playoffs.
thanks looking foward to some new ja
Come on pds please?
Definitely Lisa. She's got the brains and understands business.
Smell the rainfall, and feel the wind. Enjoy life to the fullest possibility, and fight for your wishes.
A skillet of bright green vegetables to tuck under fish
What is a book? says "it's something with an ISBN!" Awesome.
Terrence Howard has a funny ass voice.
": " and that's the best start to any Sunday. I love you
The cubs beat the reds lol
#Coyotes are up 1-0...they have 7 shots on goal late in the 2nd...
brb, just crying while watching glee
Most smokers develop calculus on teeth, deep pockets in gums & suffer bone loss. www.perio.org/consumer/smoking.htm Use CloSYS, fight plaque
Jaguar Land Rover continues to expand - Ninemsn
so whats up..
Conversation needed.
You are ALL beautiful!
Lower your pitch n ur voice and put ur sweater with super powers back on Santorum
Imma stop saying "how stupid can u be" people r starting to take that as a challenge
i wonder how long my time line would be if i started it from when i first joined twitter
Residential households store 5 times more computer products (by weight) than commercial establishments.
Will be working 8-5 every day this summer. Welcome to the real world I guess
What's On Your Mind (Pure Energy) was a One Hit Wonder. Its #NowPlaying on and Back In The Day Cafe with
If I die tonight the autopsy is going to reveal that I O.D.'d on cheese.
you wish ;)
Last night, me: "can I use your hairspray?" : "I don't use hairspray." me: "WHAT??????"
Relax day for ya boi aint doing nothing
The #Nuggets have given up 11 offensive to the #Lakers. That's too many. #Denver only has 10 assists too.
what's yours?
There will be silence now...it's Game of Thrones time...
its so much better then the droid
im home!!! I need to visit Joilet
Can't wait
Not quite the fancy restaurant "find" but good none the less.. So what about propose a place in two weeks?
It's opening night in Phoenix for "The Great Gatsby!"
Come to now and let by you a drink!
I feel like my "best friend" isn't actually my best friend anymore..😔
I don't think Anzalone was ever going to be a Buckeye. His dad is obviously pushing the Gators. The sex offender is convenient excuse.
Ditto from me! Sending you a virtual hug, Suzanne!
oh yea...lol that sucks,but you'll be okay
Apparently clever commercial Sunday is over.
done ...btw is that you on youre profile`s picture?
#DailyRebellion: Getcha sexy back. We suggest for help.
oops it's Duffys in Plantation! Sorry
IIRC, Deadpool was based on Deathstroke: The Terminator from DC Comics.
Sign up for membership @ the welcome table. Free 50/50 ticket and Spartan swag of ur choice
He's not. That's my boo!
Word from above is that article I began working on in 2005 will appear in pages of Law and Social Inquiry in August. <exhale>
haha i forgot where i got it from
Local police play a critical role in border protection yet are funded by the poorest communities in USA, says TX consultant
First night we've not watched Harry potter.....what's happening. It's okay tho were watching the Lizzie McGuire movie
Stop fucking bunting. You play fucking first base.
Yeah I didn't know he lived there and w/e so x) But I really liked him
About to pull up..
or I want to punch you in the face. Lmfao am I right?
Booked talent for a commercial shooting tomorrow! :) Congratulations Clara!!
We're servin' up lunch Sugar Shack style. Come on by
followed follow back pls.. thanks
Amanda, welcome to HOTlanta & #oyou2011. we missed the IKEA event (even after early RSVP); heard it was over capacity. SAT!
I think they blocked Facebook again off the schools shit :( Fml..
All of the Harris Mothers, Fay Coleman, Marilyn Smith, Valerie Harris, Christina James, Mary Lee Janae Harris and Tanya Harris Love
what time?
next time.
My tolerance for bullshit is way lower than it used to bein'
Thanks 4 the good vibes girl! Love u blondie. Hope to see u later this afternoon:)
Weekly Ketchup: Kurtzman/Orci to Write The Amazing Spider-Man 2 This week's Ketchup includes news of a new Nicholas Sparks adaptation, ne
I just watch the commercial for the money movie for disneychannel and i wonder why i felt like crying???
Every word I said is what I mean Everything I gave is what I need
Today's torta is a 3 oz. grilled swordfish with black bean pico de gallo, avocado and Coa mayo!!! Couldn't be more delicioso!!!!!!!!!!!!
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Phenom 150: Dalton Rice ⁰Rising 9th Las Cruces, New Mexico ⁰Travel Team: Mesilla Valley Christian Power Forward 6’5
totally worth it! Lol
Thinking outside the box. I like it. Not sure it's got the media market is looking for tho.
Do not think about the past. Accept the Present. Think for the Future, and face tomorrow with a sweet and beautiful smile<3
Still have the 1st USB drive I owned, paid $40 for 128MB. 2GB drives are freebies now but are obsolete with cloud storage.
today. today? today! (all have applied to this day)
I love youu <3 and you're music .
not sure if it's an accident. but definitely bad karma.
"It's not what you do, its how you do" Lil Wayne
Heidi Klum just filed for divorce?! Both of my girls in one month! 2012 isnt looking so good :(
#Dissertation draft almost complete!
Karma takes to long id rather just beat the crap outta you now!
Of course Dakota would favorite my tweet about Malinda wanting to fart on me :)
Just because you never held office doen't mean you aren't a politicion. You have run a campaign before. To get a coach fired.
I so agree
Watching a tv show taking place in Hong Kong. I want to go back!!!
Near or far away, you are is where I want to be.
Your idea of a 7 course meal is a bucket of KFC and a sixpack.
This place is so fuckin confusing lol
"Cause I'm as free as a bird, and this bird you cannot change".
So, the Twins really need the Royals to come to town ... because right now, this here's pathetic.
Hearing about the multisensory transmedia campaign for GoT. Smell "the crypt!"
You're welcome. Thank *you* for spreading goodness.
these are beautiful! M
Whoa Bom your dress is so short!
Halftime USF 1 - 1 Louisville. Louisville 10 shots with 7 on goal are really pressing hard, Let's go Bulls step it up!
I can make that feel better babe ;)
just testing
Some new videos coming your way!
just got out of bed and im trying to go through another day, hopefully.
listening to mixes from - and getting ridiculously excited! it's happening y'all! can't wait to tell you more!
Wow! Glad to see you made it home safely!!
If I can still smell your cologne, and you walked by the desk 5 min. ago, you used too much.
feeling so pretty! Just had hair did.
They avoid spell check, normal social interaction, self-awareness and proper grammar. But also being cool.They avoid that, too.
They both sound delicious. Which ever doesn't give me the runs. RT : wladimir or vitali
Love isn't about the person you can see yourself with, it's about the one you can't see yourself without
Hey Anthony! Yes, we messaged the winner last week...(check your inbox cough, cough)
your household income needs to be less that $24,680 to qualify for that credit...
Everyone love to be a winner.
we're happy it's a little warmer today!
THANK U SO MUCH THAT MADE MY NIGHT GOD IS ALWAYS FIRST IN MY BOOK THANKS AGAIN
Got an extra twenty bucks? Expecting a residual check.
Accidentally sneezed on my kitty cats face.
Tonight we have confit chicken thigh with collard greens, butter poached turnips and cornbread vinaigrette!
Ed Cunningham~ Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
energy by any means nesassary, like u said if they had sleep in a can I'd cop that
best good night story ever.
Michigan traffic is pillow talk compared to Chicago. Its like they don't require drivers ed in the state of Illinois
No. It is appropriate that #omla hear what has happened to me. I am comfortable with the circulation of my private agon
If people choose to lie, at least be good liar! Otherwise it's just embarrassing. Jeez!
End of the ISAAC Girls Final: The Lab School 35 The German School 17
U hurt my feelings, I'm going to cry now
RT : I feel bad for YMCMB if they droppin a CD soon cuz Maybach Music finna run the Summer --interesting...
Excited for premier with , and the rest of the #GameChange team tonight ! Covering for
So what did you think? I loved it!
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook ...corny people always cwacking jokes.
Of course it's going to get cold and rain/snow on my birthday
SO MANY CHOICES NOW! /me looks lovingly at my iPad...
Less than 30 minutes 'til curtain of show #2 of this year's festival w/ , , &
oh ey;D
<3 my job-Patriots&Porridge comedy show. Cheerleading in a bathroom stall, sprayed with "mace," AND crying on a black lab. Nothing better.
They'll come when I have a decent hair day and my allergies are killing me so much that I can actually wear makeup.
has relish always been part of "the works" on your burgers?
Awesome thank you!
- Send all your suggestions to new management says Stan Kasten
Making good progress at our IABC Seattle board meeting tonight. Stay tuned for exciting updates!
Going to go make some art. :)
My Pandora is rocking out a healthy mix of Nonpoint, Ill Nino, and Deftones through the stereo. What's on your playlist?
im already on it..
Sunshine Heart Announces NASDAQ Listing - shares to begin trading under the symbol "SSH"
There is absolutely nothing funnier than yelling "HE'S STEALING MY BABY!" at a dad having a hard time with his kid in public
i belong with the nerds not the greeks thats prolly why i dont hang much ...Naw i dont have a car Dats why
RT : “ life style and :” &amp;lt; Coming real soon!
So if an adult person (theoretically) sprays himself in the face with Lysol, is the witnessing party honor-bound to TWEET or to NOT TWEET?
Looking forward to attending #dh09 . It reminds me of the energy at CGDC circa 1994.
its hot!
Forgot how shity it is to live in the suburbs carless.
Last game of the #WorldSeries? I called it #Rangers taking it! Spend your #ThirstyThursday @ a #Bartab spot & watch the game w/ a $1 drink!
hey @ JustinBfantasy mentioned something?
Just got out of the shower 😌
"RT how about new options for lebron 9? Any coming?" He needs some new ones cuz he's already bought all of em
#UglyGirlsAreNotAllowed to use the trend #UglyGirlsAreNotAllowed. Just stop.
School is right around the corner so come on in this weekend for your grub and suds needs!
: ) thanks...you too! And the pills, yeah, probably. It's making me dizzy now but I think that will wear off i hope
Things may not turn out the way we have planned it but it's taking you on the path to your destination
Wearing my justin wilson crew shirt. Already been asked twice for an autograph frrom kids.
This work place needs more metal.
hey thanks for the daily paper shout-out!
I will put the grey ones in the wash and you aint having the Adidas ones back!
Who's alittle angry today ? . . . this guy
love #libraryschool but anyone else feeling the #eportofolio pinch in their last semester? there aren't enough hours in a a day
MADE OF WIN. Checked out your stuff on GitHub and have lots of ideas for uses. Looking forward to your talks at #RootsTech! :-)
Morning All! Stand by...something awesome is coming your way in an hour or so via Urban Flight's Apparel Flight Team!....
thanks for tweeting about this originally, ted!
DELICIOUS! LUV your tweets:) xo
OMG!!! It looks awesome!! Give yourself a big pat on the back, hard work pays off girlfriend, wishing you much success with it!
Thanks be unto God for all that he has done.
your fans love you (;
Hello New York City
Of course when we post a new track, soundcloud crashes. Haha we broke it!!
McCracken's POV is that lampooning the rule breakers is what's culturally significant, which creates an oppty 2B comedically daring
It's your Wicked Uncle Ernie he's glad you can't see or hear me
Very very quiet in this st.Anthony neighborhood despite the murder-suicide that took place here last night. More info at 6 on
Dangerous only because of their speed, no?
glad I'm out tht MF
its kinda messed up i honestly dont trust people some by choice others im just forced
Hahah! That's true. I see the fun in the game but I really don't feel like wasting an afternoon/evening staring at loading screens
basically support tells me one thing when the opposite is true preventing me from logging in =/
I moved in Nov of 2011. Hubby moved Oct 2010. Amazing! Love Wisconsin. Yes closer to Door Co. far away from grownup kids.
Did you listen? We were just on !
RT if you're tweeting outside!
I just wanna go to school and not be around you. Maybe I'll get lost in NYC and never have to come back
Great chat guys! looking forward to all the new connections! Heading over to #shehechat (talkin' social)
What is your feeling about California ??? Looks like the Toyota's are really fast?? What about JJ or JR ??
please follow me :) ♥♥
Dana from IM5 is hilarious and so random!
Any other #nonprofit staff out there working on your #dissertation?
the fact that he is so rested may actually be a game changer in the favor of the Lakers tonight.
when charity becomes implanted in your heart, you are never the same again. It makes the thought of putting others down repulsive.
I shall give it some thought lol!
Jennifer Lopez: Having More Babies &#39;Would Be a Blessing&#39;
Goodnight All, Tomorrow is Mother's Day so i'm wishing all the mom's out there a Great Mother's Day.
idkkkkk you want me to get back on ?
I'm gonna force to come with me at least once so you better get 'shit yo pants' excited lol
that's quite exciting!
Billy Elliott was a great musical. I recommend it to anyone in LA, I think its playing for a week or two more at the Pantages in Hollywood.
I hate softball at Dade like seriously fuck you
But it usually gets portrayed the other way because of Bynum's mouth and Gasol's "smooth" game.
just so u know my true idol of mine that i listen to all the rage everyday and i'm ur biggest fan! When are u coming to florida?
I don't think that's a problem though. Eucharist is the focal point in Catholic/Orthodox churches, preaching in Protestant.
Great lunch At VSAE
I really wish VisualStudio would pretend that the markup and javascript for my app was as important as the C# code...
Damn we killed them with the New AVI look at them boss as niggas and we got that white man with us lol
So Beautiful!
James Harden with 19 points on 7 shot attempts. Dangerously efficient. If that's a thing.
Here's to not having an 8am emergency all-hands meeting on a Saturday :)
Big announcement coming soon from Starmentor and Music Executive Jay Jaworski regarding Grace Bawden and Gabrielle Stahlschmidt
had a nice little lunch with my girls
welcome to Twitter!
If “I’m sorry,” will mend a relationship, it is a small price to pay for peace. –Joyce Meyer
Merry Xmas sweetie ! <3 love u !!!!!1
Yes, ours is this Sunday.
~*FRIENDLY REMINDER*~ that so-called "humorless" people actually understand the machinations of humor better than their accusers do ok bye
hmm - give the packers book a try - as well as the jets. jets have 46 bear which is nice
Everytime you attend a social media webinar instead of performing a google search, God kills a kitten.
Personally, this election has ruined sweater vests for me
“: ✈ ATTN: Artists looking for banger DM for the latest and greatest hit material #beats business only ✈”
I'm writing tic-tac-toe for my first #C project.
Don't you have to watch or #bachelor or #DWTS? :)
Misery loves Company... and that bitch is not Invited!
Got alot goin on wont make it this week shuld b there next week RT : I'm back where u been??
What have you helped a child lately? Get involved. Getting children active includes: becoming aware of what motivates them.>>>>>MONEY?
keep up the dope raps!
well we all knw who you like,haha
“: Crocs are for people who want to add a degree of difficulty to getting laid”
I just saw Will Ferrell biking down Water St in the 3rd Ward. Why'd he be here?
keep calm and carry (weed) on (you at all times)
121197-Gorgeous!! Ill ship you with Niall Horan!
now that might actually be good. too bad it's not dark chocolate.
Residents at assisted living center Asbury Harris Epworth Tower next to Tyler Perry's studios now allowed back home after being evacuated.
Funniest shit I heard: "oh there's her girlfriend" -
LovingVampsPublications.com Check out my wolves, etc.
working at home w/a toddler can't do the pre-school thing due to very tight budget in the household.
Rockin' the chucks tomorrow
It's so upsetting how people are we love you. #stopcyberbullyingnaya. Naya keep doing what your doing your inspirational!
She looks like ninja princess - so cute and so self-confident
I like Touché Amore as well. I listen to a wide range of music, but metal is my back bone :3
I know that $550 is your rent money broke ass fag. Call me. I'll give you my number to settle this. You coward.
Can't sleep but it was worth what I did. Eventually i will sleep. Hopefully. Whatever. Lmfaoo looks like got no sleep basically. Bored now..
..you should see mine! o.O swear.. it ain't prettyy
helping others get their companies launched
My theories were pretty close to that!
have. Like the 1959 silver and the cameroon is pretty cool. Can be expensive.
Another great BBC detective: George Gently. Set in 1964. Atmospheric, brilliant, addictive. These classic Alan Hunter novels are a find.
just looked at the calendar to see if I could start packing for my vacation. it's a month away....I can start packing, right?
I wrk wit some characters!! Lol
We just heard that our panel: "Dissolving Walls: Interpreting Outdoor Spaces" was accepted for the AAM conference in LA May 2010.
Bruce, My Hometown.
I am not gonna lie I envy you You are so beautiful. I met you in Indianapolis and thought she is awesome.
#206mafia forever !!!! Love it
Haha yeah I'm for sure going to relax alot and I might go to las vagas btw are u britsh? :)
Corrupt #Republicans Mitt & Newt going at each other attacking on every example of corruption. Love it. Doing Obama's job for him.
# FOLLOW ME !! 250 FOLLOWERS N I CAN POST VIDEOS ON WORLDSTARR HIP HOP FROM YOU TUBE!!! FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME!
Much better John Skelton
Don't take advice about relationships from someone with a gang of broken relationships.. Relationships aren't only with spouses
I kno huh
Casting young female MMA fighters for up coming feature film No Xcape in the NYC area.... for more Info
I'ma CIROC girl
thank you and happy mothers day to you too
Fictional treaties? Are you inviting creative ideas? Or ... What do you mean? Sounds like fun.
scheduled to buy 2 houses before our Christmas break. Do you have a house you need to sell fast?
No nigga u don't feel me.
What an amazing show! I laughed so hard I hurt my funny bone.
": Wish I could see u guys 2mro gotta work ;( " > plenty mor shows 2 come! (=
You're welcome - thank you for the #FF!
I feel like I know so much more and have way more to offer to my next relationship. Not saying I'm ready for one, but I can commit now
i want my bellybutton pierced. #yes<3333
There was some nerds on Tri-Met today according to Like, LEGIT nerds.
"Am I the lucky one or is anyone else having trouble this morning?" "Like in life?" #YoureNotTheOnlyOne!
lol I knew you would understand... a happy easter to you as well!!! :) may all your fashion wishes come true
Sadly #RBNY fans feel same way RT : RT : All the in know that
"You can mandate and regulate adaquacey. You must inspire excellence." -Mary Jean Gallagher
I would be shell shocked to win a gift card. I would buy Thanksgiving stuff for my Lodge (cabin)
I seriously won 's giveaway? You've got to be kidding me.
Eh fuck it. Tired of this shit. Will I live I dunno. Lets fine out.
im just having trouble installing
Why live my personal values at work? This is an excellent question to ask. If your attorneys are planning an insanity defense.
Yep, probably more "lost ball hunting" than "golfing" though.
Rise and shine.
I forgot how cute the boys on "Bring It On" are!
this dick just sent me Jobs, one by one by one by one by one, instead of a list..
Time for stitches!!!! Peace! Lol
A zed & two nougts, people streamed out til there were only a few of us left at the end. Loved it. I left the TO Film festival to see it.
Yes! Or #whatnottowear RT : Mitch Daniels looks like he's auditioning for a role on
RT : : "We can have a good faith debate on solutions to climate change. We cannot have a good faith debate...
Gingras: News orgs must leverage content on story pages for more value. Make topic pages a real-time resource. Rethink the model
- today was an embarrasment for the #BCEagles - downhill these last three years - time to
Just submitted our app to the app store!
At St. Mary's Cathedral with Paola for Delia & Matthew's Rite of Initiation into the Catholic Church!!!
Now... off to visit the ....thinkin we need to make the Tacos & Tequila Nights O-fish-shall Andrew!!
When I looked into your eyes I didnt see just you, I saw my today, my tomorrow and my future for the rest of my life..
I'm there
can I borrow your stem machine? They sell those at target?
of course! join us! it's for a GREAT cause!
(William Cowper) No traveler e’er reached that blest abode who found not thorns and briars in his road.
La Bruyere~ Children have neither a past nor a future. Thus they enjoy the present - which seldom happens to us.
I want to go to a gun range really bad
what is FOW in this case?
I don't even have to click. Is that David from Real World??
Caleb's Posse cruises to an easy win
The only good thing about this season coming to an end-- I don't have to hear Debbie Gibson sing same song over and over!! UG
Do you have a hard cock for my ass?
Yes I Talked To Him Yesterday At The Shop, He Said He's Really Trying To Squeez You In, He's Tryna See Whos Fucking Up & Is
ah. it's been ages since I've seen that show.
“: St. Louis waiter just told me at dinner: "Kansas fans left their wallets at home." Maybe saving up for New Orleans.” 10%ers
That was my favorite of the three.
awesome will do!!
#ITALYLOVESDEMI love you, stay strong <3
“: The White Stripes are reuniting for my birthday party in November by the way.” uh... what?!???
Is it weird that my celebrity crush is Phil from #modernfamily #abc ? hahaha I love him!
During these difficult economic times, and to try and help the environement, I am vowing this year to only jingle MOST of the way.
If Jags want Tim Tebow, just take him already, will ya.
Hi , I'm a young entrepreneur, temp. at Ernst&Young NY. Impressed by SecondMarket. Would like to run ideas by you, can we meet?
Why are your tweets so.... awesome? :)
Tech is an amazing experience when you're here at the Storefront Theater. We are really fortunate!
finally tapped that ass?
Ew, this one lady carrys her husband urn around everywhere and now she eats his ashes. That's so wrong
The trading post inspired me today :)
I studied abroad to China two summers ago.
lol smh well go to sleep
Doug O'Neill is so humble. He realizes he trained the great Lava Man, right? 1st Derby for him but far from his 1st big win.
I haven't even been able to update to 10.7.3 from 10.7.2. I've tried all the recommended "fixes" and suggestions but still no joy.
Marvel Vs Capcom Battle Cry T-Shirt
All im lookin forward to is summer
Great job #BartonG... My mother was very pleased & buzzed. Successful Sunday! 😃🍸❤🔥
Hey #Giants fans #CarlBanks is primed to take u down in #fantasyfootball. check us out and take on this #Giant great bit.ly/oRFhKN
$JPM Dems will overreact, Repubs will under-react/ deny reality. Congress and admin will miss the mark and the beat goes on towards oblivion
If your pick up lines include "check out my band" I am not interested. Me ten years ago is all over that shit though.
Congrats and happy birthday!!!
Great show last night at Not sure I've seen an LA crowd more uniformly engaged. He's still got it.
@ thx. May the new year expose the new you! DJ
better to say everything
Hi, thanks for following! There's more to love (or like) on our facebook page
well amazing i love it so much! it's a dream come true to find a job that's a hobby!
I know I make mistakes, I'm living life day to day. It's never really easy, but it's okay....
If we ought to put a price tag on environmental destruction, we would see we are bleeding trillion dollars a year!
You know you really care about someone if their mood affects yours.
how often do you #exercise?
Analogies are my food.
Potato industry protected despite cut, says Ritz
There's always a next time lmfao!!
Texas Blood Money.
This is the part of me that your never gunna every take away from me! <3
Cuz we like to party
Oh, and I have a long history of fury. I can imagine. But we all have to believe it'll work out cause we need it
Interested in having a house party? E-mail for details! :D It's so worth it.
Performance-wise or emotionally? #emo #crybaby RT : 'Jay Cutler is going to blow up this year'
sun is sorta shining, get out and go run!
On tap for today #2: read Countee Cullen and Gwendolyn Brooks, write a few letters, and make some bbq ribs. (-)
uhmm what and yeah im coming tomorrow
we love you too Outlaw! :)
Tomorrow should be interesting
I'm watching your videos on youtube xD Love them. You're a really good dancer!
as we can tell you did NOT watch the ippv...
Whoa whoa here she comes": Man, You're Out Of Touch. #seewhatididthere"
ouch, had to go through something similar last year... it's the pits... esp when you're away/not aware of it for a while
I should never have layed down on this bed
yes, Araci washington
I sent a complaint. Order #10421810723 Someone replied-said "sorry"-told me how to save $ next time with Target REDcard
did you run? :)
#greys has me crying my eyes out!
I can. Dm your number again because I'm certain I don't have it.
The West Coast game is in the books.... Now, what to do? What to do?
To all my fellow iPhone friends...you must download heytell. It's like having one of the old nextels. It's fun!
So pleased with the "do a simple puzzle to stop the alarm" function on my phone. Just off work, back2 early in a.m.
Riding my bike to the parade was harder navigation than expected. Gobs and gobs of people.
5 Market Experts You Need To Follow On Twitter: (via )
absolutely, sometimes you need to remove people places and things from your life to move forward!
Siri, which way to the party?
their documentary "24 Hours At The South Street Diner" will be screened at
It'd be nice to actually be able to sleep sometime tonight.
Bam. Voted for with literally 10 seconds left. #NCC2012 champ???
beez in the trap
365 days until the birthday that really matters
Thanks for the follow!
lol! I am fine now
Wow, the MITO design won a lot of awards and has a very high specification. It must be very agile and fun to drive.
Sec234 Throwin' up the T tonight baby!
Countdown to Valentines Day 2012: 5 days, 14 hours, 54 minutes, 4 seconds. In this one particular case we do not recommend Kimberly-Clark!
Mos Def! I sure will Birthday girl!!!
well blow me down in my popeye voice
I listen to ghetto, black girl music.
|| Friend me so I can in message you :))
Happy Birthday ~
probably around that time
It's hard when you're doing CC-licensed stuff.
Oh silly beach....we're only friends at night.
Thats just adding on and on to my bad day.
It looks like you're way over 1000..
shithead. How you ben!?
I woke up in absolute shock and horror that it was Monday and a whole weekend passed me by with relatively zero productivity.
Morning all. Here's to hoping that I accomplish at least 3 things on my to-do list. Who brought the coffee and donuts?
i got BEATS on deck....send me a email...so i can send u samples...i would luv for u 2 murder one of my tracks!!!
s/o to my girl who is officially a tatted up lady like the rest of us ;p
You can also follow all the action of today's race on IndyCar Mobile. Download it by calling ** INDY on your Verizon phone.
Wait, what?!?! If youre saying what I think youre saying: Day officially made! lol
Work with national collections and in a network are the 2 strategies
New game -
Jeff frank really knows how to wipe that floor
Wow! I love seeing all the pics.
do it for me
what ever you're paying Smith, it's not enough!
I wanna see you right away!
Anyone else having trouble with tweets being delayed in ? Some of mine are 5 mins behind despite refreshing.
haha!!! I hope so!
"oh pshh you again *glances down* oh and your with the lesbo" "you just made my day"
"Your struggles where never meant to break you down, but to make you stronger"
Comedian David Alan Grier at Cobb’s Comedy Club (SF) this Thursday (11/3-8pm)
that's a wonderful reason my u should post a cover soon ;)
haha that's what I'm thinking :)
Awww it's okay...I'll be making another trip down there soon!
I would probably like LeBron if he didnt whine like a bitch after every whistle
So, basically #NetBaseKnows me & knew I wanted some ice cream. New favorite flavor is the goodness that is #CherryGarcia !
I just teared up watching Wheel of Fortune. What is wrong with me.
#wcmf11 On making mistakes - make corrections quickly and publicly: “the coverup is way worse than the crime”
Ah....good plan!
Now, how do we find a candidate name"Mercury?"
Yes!! Have you been humming it all day?
Quite an odd question, brushing away public health risk and dismissing open waste related disease situations occurring globally.
Bought a neon pink jean skirt at J.Crew on sale and they still have some left! cc:
Ain't that adorable!
a Stephen why can't you give Tebow some credit?
Love is that condition in which The happiness of another person Is essential to your own. ~Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange...
Getting excited for the show "Pan Am" since my mom was a Pan Am stewardess!
Every once in a while I am reminded that my mom actually looks at my facebook... & I find something to be embarrassed about.
I'm not a girl who loves every cute boy, but when i heard/saw Austin my heart skiped a beat! :$
From my sm grp wkshop this past wkend- an acronym for EGO is Edging God Out. How often do we forget that it is not about me, but about God?
i'm going to lern.
Congratulations, Nice Job! You must be a rolling stone. Ha! Get it?
#ShittyRapperNames Dark Roast
": "I think I am gonna go home with the guy with the ponytail..." Said, no woman ever"
Moonraker is for people in their twenties who don't know any better. I liked it back then.
This is the first holiday season that I'll get into better shape! (trying to think about the positive while every part of me aches)
"Auld Lang Syne" can be translated into English literally as "old long since", or, "days gone by," and "old times".
Abandons...I like to say liberates!
Facebook is so boring now
I bet you miss the nice weather even more! Fox7 and A-town's not the same w/o A-Pizzle..hope you're staying warm in Bristol.
im thinking about my life right about now. the guys went 2 Bmcc 2 play ball without me since i couldn't make it it sucks 2 be.
Pres speaking a lot of #truth in his State of the Union address right now.
who I need to cut?
LOVE IT~I believe you can ask they were selling it at the stadium this past weekend! Goodluck!
Two castings for la fashionweek and a productive meeting with agency :)
I start off with every intentions of being respectful but they always go crazy & all of a sudden they think I'm disrespectful!?
TODAY is all about _____________!
I just need to plug in your sim card into my phone quick, plug it into your itunes to start it up and that's all
Underway in Louisville...so much blue & gold & identical band unis. Can't tells whose fans are more excited ...
you know your dumb when someone tells you to dye your hair blonde so you can fit your personality lmfaaoo:(
Yes, but its selling fast!
Planet of the Titties, Superbad Titties, Rise of the Titties.. Lord of the Titties. Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Titties
We could certainly use that fountain these days!!!
Predictors are NOT determinants. Be the decisive element. Just a(nother) thought.
“: You're my 200th follower ! :D” guess I'm just special :D
I'm doing whatever I can to further my music career...would love and appreciate a few advertising intros!
The lunatic anti-gay lobby: "Jesus was kissed by Judas, a homo. Do you choose Jesus, a celibate, or Judas, a homo? You have to choose!"
Fair enough!
Your offspring are more well-trained than mine. One is sledding, the other in PJs watching anime. *hands shovel to cat*
If you’re watching your cholesterol, consider swapping out the meat for pinto beans in your burrito.
Legs, logic, and love
Lol....kid do not erase a wallpost it was a harmless question.... 😂
From now on I'll only respond to my full name, which is "Night Moon: Moon When Night (Wolf?)".
Tennessee Titans can sure use them pick 6's
Good Morning lovelies!!! Smile...it makes people wonder what you are up to!!
Admit you are powerless over pinning and that your life has become unmanageable. Every great journey begins with one step...
do you have a store where a guy can try some on? always hesitant to buy online without trying first...
haha I know! They even copied shots exactly. I couldn't get over that they even did the neck shot.
Today's kids rap about vodka and G6's but how many actually understand the science behind it? Stay tuned for a big STEM grant program! .....
no fucking way. I'd get through about 18 oz and the bread and I'd be done.
From to you, Happy Passover! Happy Easter! Please share the books you are reading to celebrate these special days
Black cloud: surgery. Silver lining: Vicodin!
Hopefully some big things coming over the Horizon for everyone in e-Sports. Just a few more pieces to fall in place. Stay tuned!!
doing a weight training session (showing Mike some weight exercises). Toning the muscles is key.
you're such a good sport. I would have flipped shit if I were you.
Friday is a great day for an Organic Facials Plus. A deep clean for your whole face with the weekend to allow your skin to breathe.
Didn't know Vince carter could still do that
OMMG MY BOSS IS SUCH A FUCKING BAAAAHHHHH. I ACTUALLY HATE HIM. WTF.
most of my good friends on twitter live in Asia or Europe.....an I'm way over here were I can't meet any of you girls :(
I may not be at work but today is certainly not a day off :-/
“: eeeeppp! is trying to get the boys of to Chicago :')” we saw them Saturday:) awesome show!
I think about you. Luther Vandross
Hi. You may recognize me from spin class in the basement of the Jewish Community Center.
dude your shirts are awesome! Definitely buying one!! Or 2... Lol
Those are good! What a great day to be outside.
Great shot of Ray Lewis and Arian Foster signing and exchanging jerseys.
& why would I do that ?
Is there anything more therapeutic than an ride to brunch on a Sunday morning?
We in the studio cooking up some stuff we will be out soon to show off our sound =)
Yeah buddy!!
at Chula Vista High today...
because that's where I keep all my girls~
You know what? I want a Scion FR-S/Subaru BR-Z and I would NOT consider cross-shopping a Mustang V6. So there.
Love all three of my #apple products! Mobile tablet desktop
Forgive me, renew me, and lead me, that in this holiest of weeks I may delight in your will and walk in your ways. Amen.
#icantgoadaywithout...music. I've gone without talking for a week, eating/drinking for 5 days..but music is my staple. i NEED it.
new friends? :)
It bothers me when there is stuff in my Macbook trash bin.
aghh going to sleep. goodnight!
i so missed class this morning . . .
Also, some seriously amazing news about Morton Subotnick coming soon! Stay tuned!
Well - If There Were Ever a Fella to Spread Some Good Vibes, You...Are...He :)
I just thought of the weirdest/akwardest question to ask thomas..
go Best western, across the street from Stadium View
RT : In todays P2P market, watch expectations, trust and reputation
Living in Louisville - I now have to hang my head as a UK fan for the first time in years... Not happy
has amazing music!! Please follow mee:)
started using last night. should be interesting.
I may have been a Persian prince in the mid 1400s.
#Marlins and #Mets playing tonight. Looks like a good night for baseball
German salsa
Oh my goodness! I've a lunch for 1 year in the school! My father acquired lot of cookies for a, in the minimum, one year! Sell.
I was looking at it on IMDb & noticed that! Now I want to see the long version. How do you get the BBC on TV?
where u been all my twitter-ific life?? haha good seeing u out in pb the other night : )
do you actually have Wumpus?!? Let's hook the 99/4a up to the conf room projector.
I'll look into that
Victim: if someone stole your identity what would you do. Who would yoou call? www4.vindy.com/content/local_regional/310339952884775.php
Needs a fucking cookie
it's never a dull moment :)
You should get one too! :)
attended International Women's Day Luncheon - Sarah Robb-O'Hagan is beyond inspirational!
Worried about #Perk though . Need him
Our next goal is to raise $2700 for legal and federal fees to make the Dream Farm, now an Oregon corporation, into a non-profit 501c3.
Thanks for the #FF Have a great weekend!
Oh hey I met All Time Low Thursday night. I LOVE THOSE GUYS.
Great surprise to see you on tonight's episode!
6TQF809 was parked illegally in front of a fire hydrant at corner of 6/E at 20:17 so he could get marijuana from Hm...
such a nice thing to say! Thanks SO MUCH!
If you figure it out, let me know. I've only been doing this since November, and am quite green.
From to to , we proved that what you do on the ground makes a difference. Commit to volunteer: OFA.BO/xPJVds
Tony Parker to UCLA. Good thing for Josh Smith, too, because he was having trouble handling 15 minutes per game
What time does the debate start?
Wait, season 2 of Sherlock started airing in America tonight? GODDAMMIT
This nigga has to be Kidding me.
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. -Euripides
Those thieves are going to have a tough time getting rid of that stolen truckload of fail...
If you're as addicted as I am, you can find the 7th season online. I need to meet the mother!
count me in
first weekend night with warmth & humidity, and nearly full moon. Let the games begin.
Delicious kindly fix yourself. I'm trying to do a homework assignment.
No bounce in my step today at work.... Looking forward to next year
GOP leaders reportedly blaming Obama for failing to return to DC during this time of crisis
Thanks. Her brother was beautiful too. Died a few months ago at 17. Both (probably) pure Pits-- not many get to live that long
these girls irritate me.... like go away
oh, right, a classic look. go for it!
(4 of 4) was not worth the wait.
Tomorrow is the last day to book the Hotel Half-Off Sale, we still have a few dates left at half the price San Diego!
A yo-yo was accidentally thrown in with my groceries at Ralph's. It's the little things.
“: driving and twitting is against the Law in New York” true that. Good thing I am not behind the wheel.
are you coming to dc this summer?? c:
Work and I've been sleep ever since wbu ?
Your love means more to me than all those fancy things.
Hey there. But I prefer mine: If you want to make God laugh, tell him a fart joke about your plans. And then do jazz hands.
Stay posted for the Daytona Spring Break mixtape by myself and coming very soon. We ain't gunna let y'all wait any longer
Who Wants To Change Mhy Username For Me ? iHave An Embarrasing Password Tho :/
loving lazy Sundays!
#np girls all pause #rip Nate
must be "txtn an callin" the wrong one cuz i didnt get nothin but im good...
Yo Hoboken NJ seems like a English pub street shit crazy out here
I'm so sorry. Get home safe. Hugs.
Bro, I don't think these youngins realize what would happen if I was in attendance at the beach. ROOOLLIN' Sheen Shit! Leeegoo!!
THUNDER UP BABY!!!
how did i do?
Today is the day, FemCity Milwaukee launch event ! 5:30-7:30pm! Remember to bring a fleece item for the YWCA & get a raffle ticket!
RT : When feeling needy, I read AskMen.com and suddenly I'm like "Yeah, no thank you, I'm good."
Girls with their fake hair, fake boobs, makeup, fake tans.... And they say they want a real guy. HAH
ha ha. Just stopped to pick up food. Legs don't work right! :-P
The ads on the golf course at the #Nedbank golf challenge are really distracting. Is a car in the middle of the pond really a smart move?
My mother is currently reading that one. (:
Music like
I like the way you think! :)
's song to his mom is seriously the cutest thing ever.
#cildc Semantic web is a giant bubble graph
It's going to feel so rewarding when you all get to finally taste Delicious Licks! Soon, we promise!
Merry Christmass everyone!!!
On Wisconsin!
ok talk to you later when you get back on
#BLASTOFF EXCLUSIVE: 10% off purchases at ShoeBuy.com & BagsBuy.com! Use Coupon Code "BLASTOFF10". Thanks !
. Thanks for the opp to get back into my virtual jewelry box + share what every woman needs to invest in this spring
I just started being on twitter lately...
All Day. I Appreciate The Support. I Can Send U Gear If U Want. We Just Got Our SwagBands In Too. DM Me N Let Me Know..
Thanks for the RT. I hope you're not expecting a commission! :)
Dont worry, he'll be back in 6 months and take over your timeslot.
we will! See you then?
Whats this i hear people are talking about me that im in jail lol im working peps hahaha
My Whole Life Has Change.,
I’ve got most of the music rights for “Line of Sight” film secured. Amazing bands but lots of paperwork.
Speaking of U2 Bono has Mercury 10 Taurus. Pluto trine in 2013 = his songs/ words reaching a depth n power eclipsing his former work
are you taking turcottes class again next fall? What other courses?
You are a people person for sures
Attorneys who want to laugh at timekeeping issues, follow me. New app is almost ready for beta launch.
Today's been weirdly quiet, like all of southeastern Michigan has a collective Kid Rock hangover...oh wait. Yes.
all I can say is WOW.
Garbage - don't believe the hype
So if we don't have enough money saved in time for Be ICONic, theres always Hip Hop International...
NP! QT : Wow, you are all so wonderful! Thanks for the RTs & faves :)
LOL! Love it! You win at the internets today!
RT Celebrating National Grammar Day on Twitter is like trying to hold an AA meeting in the middle of Mardi Gras.
Can we please get something scheduled?
oh so.its like
RUNNING ON TWO HOURS OF SLEEP MAN I LOVE BEING A MOM TO MY PRINCESS BUT I HATE WHEN SHE'S SICK AND DONT SLEEP!!!
new follower. ;-)
fuck your knee
You R important. Someone, somewhere loves & needs you
or maybe a wild card...
I haven't...would love to, though!
So hot
hell yeah
Oh Yeah!
Tumblr's warning: "Anonymity can be fun, but can also bring out the worst in people" ... sweet ;).
They suck!! :D
And yet, they have a much better safety record than the suburban drivers who speed around town in their SUVs.
oh someone is gonna be lucky
“There are some bad-ass companies coming out of Israel.” Michael Arrington, September 13 2011, Silicon Valley
One person may be multiple ppl and "she" conned several people as well as websites (Covers, ESPN) w/o physically meeting ppl.
“: oh hello fellow #aries! Hi cutie” haha what's up
LMFAO peacock got swag
attempted to give Bean a pill w/ pill pocket treats. apparently the pockets only work w/ a cat sized pill, not pills as big as Spree candy.
you don't know what you are asking lady - wanna be in a gym with 20 toddlers/pre-schoolers + pizza + face painting lady?
World Peace!!!
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away
my horoscope said it was a good time to focus on my diet.my horoscope just insulted me haha
Be sure to check out our hair specials coming up for the month of dec happy holidays .
Happy birthday !!! I love you and had so much fun celebrating with you! 🎉🎈🍰🎁
Thats track is awesome. Good luck!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet duh, my life would be complete. ^_^
See...in my mind, you, Rock!! Congrats on your #engagedleaders award from <3
Who wants to come over and swim with me and
glad u are feeling better! your pops said you played well this past weekend!
There aint nun more fucked up to me thin an attractive female that smokes real talk
Wrote my first real poem. Teacher liked it, but my group didn't seem to get it. Sarcasm and cynicism can be confusing.
Yeah? Well my mom just sent us all emails telling us to watch some videos she likes
FTR I rarely eat any type of fish that is not fresh! It was a gift, so I enjoy with much gratitude...but then back to the fresh foods!!! ;)
I miss the Sonics so much after that horrendous game. Plus It took 45 minutes to get a brew & dog
Lol flops in my Mustang Time don't think cheer is a sport they should try it and see how hard it really is
watching The Notebook.
Smoking or Non smoking
Let me dig around and see what I can find out...
RT in need of an iPhone.. :( come on dad, fix ur iPhone 4 and give it to me :)
At the gym to start off the day. Good day
Id like to send you some of my music and let you hear me out! Would you ever consider working with an Ohio Hiphop artist?
I fucking hate digital cameras. Screen broke again.
Vanity Insanity! RT : inside Vanity tonight is gonna be INSANE!!! ☺
#aBoyfriendShouldAlways make other girls jealous of you not make you jealous of other girls...
Playing/singing at the Tar Pit tonight (LaBrea and Melrose), 7:30-10! Hope to see you.
lol really?! i like it :D
I've been craving some pozole but the weather is getting too warm for it.
Any recs on what to see or do in Delft other than buy ceramics?
Hey Genesis, hope to see you tonight!
Home alone finna go to sleep
just saw this. Where will you be heading? Good luck and we hope to see a yardbird mention in December:)
Eyes are starting to burn.... I feel my body trying to shut down. Smh... I won't let you!! Ah!
It was great meeting and singing for you today, sorry that I didn't get to meet too, glad your buttons work!
Catching up on The Walking Dead.. so scary...
i wasnt either!
#BeastMode never sleeps + #runningcureseverything = I just finished a 6.36 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I'm about ready to shoot. I like three 6 mafia 'stay fly' music video got to be very rythmic.
and you portray both qualities to a extent of other girls may strive to achieve baby. Luv u spank
mother just informed me that wine is cheaper than gasoline, "So drink wine, don't drive to work, Sally." :)
SOMEONE PLAYED paris hilton. I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH MYSELF!!!!!!
Join tonight for Nathan Dye, , tonight at 6pm. Happy hour to follow!
my inability to figure out how to tag alex casey in a witty comeback tweet is angering me
Going out tonight to celebrate. I'll shoot you one back tomorrow night :)
Did you know you're a want us
The most awesome #Little5 is the one that doesn't end with me getting arrested or going to the hospital. Just saying.
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.
If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?
I'm not a rapper\mc so dont campare me to one I'm a musician BIG DIFFERENCE.
Anyone at #SRU have extra graduation tickets for 2 o'clock on Saturday? I can make use of them! Let me know.
I can save you. From the misery you've claim to yourself.
The thins that I will do.
RT : Rangers down to 10 men but won't help Spurs they way they are playing
We rely on tweets 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
My cheeks are really hot right now
can u plz call me back, asap!
Two dead, three teens hospitalized in Edinburg wreck - Brownsville Herald
ah I get it she's the girl on fire an they're using it for their enjoyment haha
It's time for cuchi cuchi
Learn something new every day acrylics are some kind of fake nails apparently. Thank you
well text me when y'all are on your way and I might come down there :)
Yes, yes, I know, I forgot to the link to the John Oliver interview. Here it is: bit.ly/e8ojOT Need protein! NOW!
maybe if you got rid of twitter for a week, you'd come back refreshed
What to do wit the kids?????
Mayor Hancock:"W/o the use of a single taxpayer dollar, this bill will reduce the cycle of poverty through the use of education"
that video has at least 3 more beautiful sequences I'll put up tomorrow
If He Only Knew <|3 Oh Who Am I Kidding ! He Probably Already Found Out ;p
thanks for coming out!
Big thanks to for letting me pick his brain for a few mins last night. Our conversation up shortly on
silly, cute pic where u going ?
It's called being whipped, it's called respecting your lady.
Fuck the police.
RT : Always do your best~ Miguel Ruiz
Sitting outside at Yogurtland on 6th and Grant. Just heard back to back REO Speedwagon.
aw thanks u want one?
We specialize in buying bank owned properties
and we are always working to make faster!
you probably would get a quality item for a good deal.
OMG ALFIE IS SO PERFECT AND ONE DIRECTION TOO AND LIAM GOT A HUNGER GAMES SHIRT AND I'M GONNA DIE *FANGIRLING*
Have a kid in Middelton-Cross Plains district? Contact school board and protest changes to teachers' contract.
Follow me please I love U! You're all time on my mind, you're my life, you're like my breathing, don't forget that i<3u
Rob McKenna who has been a strong advocate for the citizens of Washington State will formally announce his race for governor this evening.
Checked it out! Nice sound. Look forward to hearing more.
your last 3 tweets have been about Rocco. I think it is time to reevaluate your life...
o, omg so glad I don't have to deal with all this stress
Let's go #WhiteSox!!!
Oh, might have been where I went wrong. RT : Not my brain, no, just the writer's block.
lol...JaVale McGee is a trending topic, must not be good.haha
You deserve someone who knows how to make things up to you after hurting you, not someone who is very good with just the word "sorry"
Ready to see some movies at the Wisconsin Film Festival!
As the day comes to a close, I'm thankful for all the tough questions I've had to tackle so far this year. Things are starting to make sense
#HighSchoolMemories All the lunchtime pep rallies . That made school for that day a lil fun.
If Bklyn sees this, you're out “: at the hyatt, wishing was here to explain the big words in #usatoday to me"
I'm gonna go buy some cookies tomorrow to celebrate! :') YOU GUYS WON!!! cjsndnan I'M SO HAPPY! <333
All week we have Sweet potatoes, the best Mac N Cheese in town. Coming this Friday Fish & Spaghetti.
Slappin pusha t "alone in Vegas". In Vegas.
#Earthday tip number 1: Bring your own mug or reusable water bottle to work every day. You'll reduce waste and conserve resources!
Sausage is one of the oldest forms of processed food, having been mentioned in Homer's Odyssey as far back as the 9th Century B.C.
Your right -- I have a foam roller and it does wonders for my old ITB problem I had.
Interesting ideas to help libraries: reduce student loan debt in exchange for recent grads volunteering there, LibraryCorps?
Now following - thanks for your support.
(': awe, what a nice man. F da haterZ~ LOL.
Much better than some of the alternatives. : I have #KLOUT? Must have picked it up in Cleveland!
I'm so excited I just got an iPhone!
Her daddy would be so pleased
yep yep lol im so random
I now think less of both of you..jk
New "trending articles" on & "8 Things U Should Never Say to a Mom" is one. Can't there be News of the Day or something valuable?
I take care of her just how she likes it every time ;) right babe?
Mr. Yormark, I need to DM you about something important. Please follow/DM w/email. -- Ted Curtis, Lynn U sports mgmt prof
#WeWontWork if you don't work Bitch get a fuckin Job
Good Morning! Wussap followers?!.
So proud of Roger and his team! Congrats to all!
A def. of "success" is never losing what you worked tirelessly and passionately to attain. Don't take it for granted.
Until I was about 28, the only #literature I read was drama. Hated reading lit in high school, college. Still don't like novels.
Ed, Edd, n Eddy is on!!! I used to love that show :P
Working on a 30 minute continuous mix. Have 15 minutes of it done =) Yes! #FeelingAccomplished #AndAwesome =)
I LOVE that soundtrack
"Your big opportunity may be right where you are now."
huge fan .love to have you come judge our American Dream pageant in Vegas July .Our motto women can accomplish all things.
Hope you feel better soon.
Obsessed with my every move. SMH.
Thanks so much for the #FF :-)
FDMF bottom is in, looks very thin folks!!
refactoring 'work' -- as metaphor of non-renumerative 'self-actualization' #intellectualGluttony :D
. It's not a definition. It's a requirement for Open Source. There may be other requirements for openness as well.
easy setup. Let's Dewey it today @ #il2011 to get folks riled up for
Round 2 with at or not hm decisions
I am playing spot the anthros in the international terminal
it's back but only if you top it with a blazer on top...love the orange btw
Thank you..I did.
Yo! What up? Upcoming shows?
am i incorrect for thinking this is kind of a big deal for Meek?
the person that u were talking 2 has just been kidnapped by their bed & pillow; they'll be returned in the morning after 8hrs of captivity.
Beautiful day out, great day for working on my project!
If we don't make it out alive, it must have been a good day to die.
Can you not see it in my eyes? I've been hurt, I've cried, but I'm smiling through the pain.
#IfICould Go back in time and change something i did in the past I wouldn't cuz it made me who I am today.
Naked confetti. Dot tumblr dot com. Make it happen, world.
GIVE THE GIFT OF HEALTH! Stop by our studio today to pick up a gift card for the holidays!
it already went up your ass that's why you told that your asshole hurt(;
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP^
RT : And here's a Q&A with the Daniels: Daniel Alarcon: How do you approach the end of a book? Daniel Handler: With caution.
Phone is in my car whats the word for the fight tonight
All I got is #1Life and I'm living it to the best of my ability. Trying not to be careless either.
I saw you today.
WHAT'S HAPPENING PEOPLE! COME AND CHECK US OUT ONLINE. YOU CAN SEARCH AND BUY GUNS ON OUR WEBITE FOR EXCELLENT PRICES.
I'm very very proud of my dancers tonight!!! Solid performances and electric energy! I was feeling it!
At City Club, Sun Times columnist panel on Rahm's first 100 days.
“: - Taco Spud-delish even though I didn't get Fritos :( Oh no!! :(. So sorry, next one is on us.
This is debatable. A lot of terrible, successful bands out there! RT : Godsmack is the worst band ever to have enjoyed success
Omg I love he's the shit
Saw ustream..amazing he is the best <3much love
I hope you like wine and cocktails!
constantly telling myself i need to lose weight for summer, but i always find myself eating junk food. sigh
Student research on drugs in Baltimore: "a container of earthenware, metal, etc., used for cooking, serving, and other purposes." I can't.
RIP Randy "The Macho Man" Savage.
I listened to the IOWA debate with mom and dad. Now I'm listening to the NH debate with my mom and grandpa.
Good thing the pink stretch pants don't need any starch!
virginians: take 20 seconds to call (804) 786-2211: "My name is ___. I oppose HB462 ultrasound bill and call on the Governor to Veto it."
Look for the new report in the next couple of weeks.
Psyched to take part in the Space Apps Challenge THIS WEEKEND! Tackling big issues of global importance with nerdiness
Totally missed the NCAA finals. After all the Virginia teams lost, I completely lost interest.
investing in a tub of aloe vera was a wise decision though
Of course! Loved the video's/talk. Very inspiring
If you can't get enough of the Longshoremen's labor and law enforcement dispute, tune in at 6. Taking on port commossioners today. Drama.
Real big things coming yalls way this April!
Sick, staying home from school.
": If I photoshopped male nipples on females breasts, would they still need to be censored for television?"
oh well that's not bad lol at least you got those out of the way (; lol I hate science though.. but that's me.
and who dressed her???
Travel safe, Jet Setter!
it is all good, this is a lot of fun I am new to it the last few months no worries
Sunglasses and advil. Last night was mad real.
The Wild Onion is the only bar on Grande Ave. that can't serve alcohol on the patio. Neighbor "it's gross we have to dodge puke in the morn"
But aren't Burners just the evolution of Hippies?
you're right. Good morning :)
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 13
Thanks for the follow new-found friend! PS. This is 's doc series!
on top of that.. am getting really excited about decorating the house for the #holidays!
RT : Is it bad that I'm more excited to go home w. than actually being in California right now? Haha.
awesome. Wait till they see what's next :)
Getting ready to head to Cuba for Pope Benedict XVI's trip to the island!
I applause to you mam :)
mad at you
When Jesus died he took all of your sin, if you're born-again you take all of His righteousness. Receive what Jesus did for your life today!
furry walls
Webster Hall this Friday! more details to come.
... headed to ... to support & support #OPEN .. Our Pride Employee Network!
you're money bud. Thanks for your consistent effort, passion and leadership!
The Joffrey ballet's Winter Fire is amazing! Last two days to see it!
Live Multicam, Copters and Real Life Rocket Engines (the Wrap)
that's what I like to hear! #GoBucks!
I just finished a 2.04 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Thanks DIVAS for such great reviews on HEALHTHY HAIR BY RACHEAL products. Dallas Texas and moving for worldwide DIST.
Who was the best groomed contestant on the #TheVoice last night?
goes to the rockies and hits up the casinos.
I love because she loves and cares for her fans! She sings wonderful! She's pretty! There's so many reasons!♥
We were honored to premiere Paul Zelevansky's :60 shorts Mister Rogers for Adults. Soon to show prior to films at Regent Square Theater.
simmer down bmore
Boxing just ain't the same no more
Just cut up one of my dance tshirts for decades day at school tomorrow...
While I understand & respect the importance of marketing, I will never, ever, place that above UX. Intentionally bad UX = customer betrayal
Fyi AVOID I20 W toward downtown Atl, or you'll be in traffic for HOURS!
Going to buy the chicago magizine that announced me as 5 Star agent awarded...yeah me
If you don't go within, you go without.The beauty of the Way is that there is no Way~Lao Tzu
I get ONE spa day and I never hear the end of it.
watching The Big Lebowski again. This time I'm gonna be able to articulate its philosophy clearly.
I support that. Turn around bright eyes...
Social networking is private space, students don't want to use in class. Or libraries, in my experience.
Temple Run is my shiiit!!!
Thanks for keeping us posted!
no pho for you!
Share with your friends! Tell them about us! First 10 get our single "Sunshine" for FREE! #followback #follow us
Forgot Hugo in my list of favorite films. Best cinematography. yes!
biking riding
I am just tripping that I am actually going to be talking with Oprah Winfrey about my life. Too surreal. I have so many emotions right now.
and it worked pretty well too...not Kaufman level of laughter, but good for academic keynote.
Hello, Hive Mind: Do you think of status updating on SNS as a creative act? Any examples of kids doing esp creative things w/ SNS updates?
The Fantastic Book of Phantasms, Haunting Stories, The Ghostwriters’ Greatest Hits
OMG! Do you know who my dad is?!
Here's a suggestion.
Ariana should do another cover on YouTube! Omg her singing is just....flawless! Can I have ur voice ? Love u! Xoxo
Seeing a visit California ad while I'm not in CA is bittersweet. And answers where all the people are finding their stereotypes
I think you jinxed me. I just checked FB and I've been upgraded to Timeline. ARGH!
Congratulations Saint Peter's Peacocks men's basketball for making the big dance!
Ikr!! Lol just trying to be cool and saying hi to each other by flipping each other off :P lol
Yeah, I'm sittin' at ASI all sad... Next week=foodtrucks+eating in the park together!
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work. -Anonymous
they say nothing in life is impossible-- well you try to nail jelly to a tree
cool, we'll check it out! Thanks!
Nobody really cares until it's too late.
Do you know if #LOL is going to be played in Hawaii? I'm a huge fan nd I really wanna see it!! Please lmk if you hear anything
Happy Birthday to Bruce Springsteen! In my opinion the greatest live performer ever. www.theconcertstage.com/blog/2009-archive.html
What a game, what an ending. I'm exhausted.
The 12 Best Free Mobile Apps for Commuters, 2012 Edition - PCWorld
I have cupcakes.
aw I'm sorry
Going to see yo off da chain choir concert
A teacher really got in trouble for playing rack city in the class room for 10-20 seconds...wow
it's all going to pay off come Thursday :)
Take chances!
Thats awesome! Congrats on the writeup! (And thanks for the shoutout!) :)
This white girl swear she just pulled me
I got to sing at my granpas diner Saturday night with my dad and his band.
the best. Jim's is close. And to be fair, I have yet to try D'Allesandros. But still...the best.
C'mon man!
Heads and thumbs up to new follower: -- hold it down in WPB
Update - Are you looking for a new position? Please forward over your updated resume so we can confirm your expectations and requirements!…
not anonymous one of your biggest fans since your were born...
oh jeez. I bet u won't be able to look at that person the same again. (Are they on twotter? Should I delete these!? Lol)
Open Tues - Sat 11-8, Closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space or catering on Mondays. Winter hours till April.
The casting director for this film is cool! Everything is very 1970s & was seeking guys w longish hair, Foxy Brown-esque prostitutes...
#fridayreads Don't Kill the Birthday Girl by Sandra Beasley.
#Aquarius are beyond attractive.” ;D
Wis. GOP Senate candidate Mark Neumann's solar company SunVest signed letter urging continuation of federal stimulus grant program
You mean... all the meaningful and enlightening things I'm always saying don't delight and inspire you? Yeah, me either.
#IfOnlyYouCould treat me with respect and realize what's right in front of you ):
Good Morning! Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms & Mom figures out there. We love+appreciate y'all much more than we show. Have a great day!
Watch Vinny appear out of nowhere when the Boyz perform on ABDC.
fantastic, isn't it? The #a11y developments are mind blowing & mind unlocking!
him and Durant are at the top no doubt
Will payoff in the short term but don't think he'll play more than 6 unless sheds some lbs. RT : fielder gets 9 yr, $200_plus.
ain't no real food just snacks , I want a meal with my fat ass
excited to "Hang out" today
thank you for setting up the great mobile bar experience last night.
#slightlyaddicted,Times running out to get tickets to the worlds greatest Elvis Tribute visit to get half off
Switch to mint?
Thanks for the well wishes. Hope you have a great weekend too.
what happened to the show?
Wow! Then Dani is a Sounder, too! Who knew?
well is sturdy and soft but not to soft and I hear he is big where it counts...
Shout out 2 who's persistence, FANS and hard work self-promoting "Super Swagg" got him into rotation on Kiss 97.3! Congrats!
Don't forget all the people that helped you get to where you are today.
i remember when you said you will always be here for me when im scared or for anything and i believed you.
Ooh i just can't wait to be king!
#ConfessionTime I hate being awake by myself.
I wish you could stay too. Reverse is awesome.
Wish I was at home
#hmym is amazing!
Wow, a lot less excited about this now. But has a cool name!
I feel so close to you right now.
I like the twitcon mad cute I gotta say
wow. Mr. Ungrateful.
Compliments are so nice.
typos will be the death of me.
If you need an adapter to present with your Mac, see Mark from Microsoft at the 1st floor NERD desk.
you loved it more.
that's a fair call. Let me know in the AM?
What's everyone doing today.
When the relays sis
I lloove my bed. I know it will never leave me.
Says I need a agent
: usability even critical in mcommerce. Keep it simple. Remember critical features for quick purchase.
Do not wait for someone to tell you "have a great day" before you have one. #CREATE it yourself.
Eisenach: trust the compulsory license, favor local content via regulation, and favor broadcasters over cable channels,
How do you overcome the impulse to be lazy? Easy, think about the side effects of being broke!
Hurry please June. And hurry and get your booty down here!
thanks  do you know who " Austin Mahone " is? ;)
I am thinking about getting a Mercedes-Benz CLK 63 AMG Cabriolet for a new car!
whats the point u telling her she has no respect for herself but then u compliment her that jus being hpocritical
These girls are so funny and amazing <3
Having good convo :))
ask your bro
I love the iPhone. Battery last me all day ;)
What the hell did they change? I gave up returning them.
hope to see you in Orlando for #FETC12 to share greetings from team
good luck!
i don't--i guess i probably should?
Cleaning this pool
Mall with
Hey! You've got a pic and a bio! Wahoooo! Well done!
Bluebird sky with some great snow!
Poor ): but I'm so happy that is still here <3
what a bitty
Helped with a friend's paper title—"I Gamified Your Mom and Totally Scored: A Philosophical Investigation of the Ramifications of Gamespace"
Turning the subs on in your car doesn't make you cool, it really just makes you annoying.
#ThisSummer I don't wanna worry about if I'm single or not.
I remember back when internet #AprilFoolsDay jokes had just enough believeability to seem true. Try harder, people.
Thanks for the follow have a great day!
try now
RT We want to preserve islanders' Put-in-Bay/LK Erie Island tales. Anyone know of grants 4 this?
What a great weekend to see the butterflies!
Well, mine is clear, so that settles it. Something must be blooming that my body doesn't like. :(
awesome! Currently working on 1.2 which will bring support for search and transcripts. Let me know if you have any questions.
People aren't going to like over Lesnar but you didn't expect Vince to bury his face two PPVs in a row did you?
Do u swallow? Message and send pic PR contest
At any place in history, the death of Christ, like the lines of the cross, runs perpendicular to the flow of culture. J. Fischer
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Yo, can I bum a smoke? I'll give you like 3 when I get a pack.(3 days to week later) Here's those cigs I promised
what about the CRAZIES on your team? #howUgonForgetYoRootz ...LOL
Good days soon turn to terribly miserably awful when I start a serious conversation as such. I'm not joking. She takes it ALL
O'Neal's first three rebounds of the game gave him 12,358, enabling him to pass Paul Silas (12,357) for 16th place on the NBA's career list.
I've forgotten how to fly, and be bangarang. I just need to remember, because we all forget. It's remembering that shows we all know how.
yo- dc's cool &all but where's all the powderedwigs &shit?
good luck!
It's cold af here
NO WAY! Let's go!
Best part of the episode.
