Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: State Restaurant & Cafe - Sports Bar (live updates)
aye what's good with it
POWER NAP.
Hahahaha my life.
in community, "you have an opportunity to have #kohails do the crazy stuff you want" ... leading to "shared insanity"
The best part about Friday is when you find out it's actually Thursday
ball so hard
Steve is at brothers lounge tonight judging a comedy contest. Starts at 9.
I love how the second day I get my license my car has to go to the shop.
Most often, people generally enjoy those who they attend religious services with. The relationships they build there can be good.
I just had a wonderful conversation with <3333333 love you
i truly love scones
So excited to see you back, ... !!
Sleep time(:
absolutely no problem:)
Lots of limos around town, Presidential choppers flew over my house on the way to Clooney's place.
Truth! So #Focus on what you want & Go For It w Everything!:D RT You can do anything, but not everything. ~ David Allen
Ready to learn more about flexible classroom design
All signs are pointing to I should of stayed home safely in bed with my teddy bear today.
Just wanted to say that you did a phenomenal job as The Hulk. I love how even CGI Hulk looks like you haha. Bravo!
09 Joseph Phelps #Syrah #Napa. Undeveloped nose. Hard tannins attack the tongue. Some plum, cherry, meat. Needs much time. 86 pts
alright fam . Thanks , Will do
the only consequence is hearing that god awful band on the radio tho why would anyone do that to themselves
All adverse and depressing influences can be overcome, not by fighting, by rising above them. -Charles Caleb Colton
It's Special Format Friday! Tonight's 10pm format: Red Rover! All the joy (and pain) of the classic schoolyard game, now improvised.
We are stoked for the season!
wait, one tweet is we as in Iowa football. Next tweet is we ad in wisco ball. WTF?????????
get it together ma 25 is a great age 2 have FUN..
I'm not a Pete Carroll fan, but he might want to get that resume in order - because I bet they are gonna deep six that guy after this week!
...it's a big leap from Duke & Miles not liking the word to where you stand on it. & as you know evidence from the old days (ctd)
Going bowling!
IKR, I STILL NEED 4 MORE!
Not one to talk politics,but the selection of candidates is embarrassing! I'm writing in Kenny Rogers for Pres 12' Who would you write in?
Chill out jev
Femfessionals is! We support and connect biz women. We just launched our Minneapolis chapter!
followed:D
it's all a mystery. warping through time on wayne coyne's wings.
Oh goody. Love flying on the tiny planes.
U sound really good!!!!! I would love to work with you,can u send me ur email??
welcome ma dude
Buffalo Sabres owner Tom Golisano has reached an agreement to sell the team and its related companies to billionaire Terry Pegula.
THANKS and hopefully coming to a theater near you in the fall!
Hey, what's up girl(:
Please help me make my bff's dreams come true. Follow me and I'll tell you my secret plan. Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top.
I don't think it's even illegal. It just refers to sens/reps working to get sweet deals for their home states/districts.
~ Your B day is still a week away...
Another interactive touchscreen anniversary Mirasol in La Costa Greens - fabulous sales office; great location!
JUSTIN HURRY UP jgfilsdhgsiudlhglfdgsfdgsdf
Rest and relaxation for the weekend to defeat this pneumonia once n' for all.
Arrested for DUI in San Diego county? Call us today at 619.338.9500 for a free consultation! We offer affordable rates and experience!
Yes I have a laptop and yes I will be able to play while on my dialysis treatment. I will out there killing Sith as a JK lol
Didn't realize my designs were such that someone could recognize me as the designer without having seen it before.
"Being a 501c3 is a tax status, not a business model" and #nonprofits need to be able to fully cover the costs of operating. Imagine...
plzzz follow me
Students! Final rehearsal for Student show is this Saturday!!!! Let me know if you need a private lesson before then! ☺
just learned I can save albums i like in #pandora right to #diigo by clicking on them... cool!
To love is nothing, to be loved is something but to love and be loved; thats everything.
#FF shows with @
Go to bed nigga!!!
dreams R music&pornagraphy.Preferably music gota tounge that dosnt quit&niether dose my dick.why not make use of it hope u notice this shit!
I dread Mondays -_-...
#truthis I'll chase my dreams,though my parents would rather I didnt.Being poor I'll deal with..but unhappy?Never.
Correction Wine lol
too bed? Hm.
DC: Police Chief Grooms hands out answers to test questions to senior officers. SO that's how you move up the ranks in the DC MPD!!
Aw!! Yes the feeling is!! :) So know we are finishing each other's sentences?! lol
: bet it was fun.... :) wishing you an amazing weekend! :)
Listening to "be somebody" ...
Tony Parker used to, and still can on the odd occasion, do both.
If you ever feel trapped just realize there are plenty of people out there who do help^^
nope! Just a little update and some light brown ombré at the ends. Happiest I've ever left a salon!! Will tweet pics!
I finish the video editing on Friday, just have to set it to render. Finishing photos from yesterday lax for the client
Com'on Hawks. Quota for upsets has been met for the night. Its ok to win
I think mumford and sons is one of the most lyrically talented music groups of our time. I really love them.
Hungry, bro.
+1. RT : Reading through a fascinating thesis paper about Cixi and photography. History Symp this year is going to be excellent.
This white dude just educated me on comedian Dick Gregory
You rock for letting me use your extra pair of socks to keep my feet warm while I cover the Occupy The Courts protesters.
It's only a matter of time :o)
Sick...5 min till dinner break..built back up to $36K w no shwdwns..actv kid r utg...sense strength. Just call btn w QQ. Flp762hhh. He cbets
lmaooo...I thought about it but it's some Asian dude who isn't very conversational...
Hi, guys! Sorry I haven't been on in a few weeks, just been so busy. What's up, every1? Hope you're having a lovely day! Xo ~ 💗Cat
Looking forward to the opening party thursday night 8pm at Sole Repair in Seattle for APRIL - a celebration of indie literature.
At the hospital, waiting for pappaw to get his tests done.
Are you going to attend Decorex in London? And So To Bed will be the center marque for the Design Fair. All the Best! Larry
Now it rains. Where was it when I was roasting.
S/O to follow her
That's awesome! I would say it depends on where he goes in the draft. I miss college baseball....
Screeing of #WRATHOFTHETITANS tonight ... Hoping it's better than Clash of the Titans!
The lion king? Really? What the fuck.
No apple store? Where can I buy a mac air power adapter on Kona?
It would be great if Apple opened SIRI to knowledge bases from Educational Institutions. Do you think it will happen?
um hm
#Blushes How Sweet
chillen at da crib viben rite now think i mite go wit my boi tomorrow nite
let me get his straight. Paid up AFTA people will no have to pay????
Very cool. I didn't know you were from Dayton.
He who allows himself to be insulted, deserves to be.
welcome back to the Crew!
Had a great time tonight! ☺
I can run the mile faster than the Facebook iPhone app loads content these days! Seriously, what gives
went to the studio to meet her & she brought the wonder woman full outfit. I asked why she wasn't wearing it on the radio
Great game on now! #1Florida vs #8South Carolina tied at 3. doing a great job with
Cee lo look like he choking on his outfit
I call you to hear your voice i guess you're just busy.
All the TechStars cloud companies are nailing it! So much energy in the room
Happy Friday! We hope you all had a great work week! Enjoy your weekend!
HECK YES!!! haha ;p
Check in at RCS to be entered in a drawing for a FREE laptop! Got heem?
Hey guys!
since u have moved to ga u have gotten lil rowdy. Thats the good ol south
RT : Jeff Bradach If you are interested in public health, you should be working with the Y
I'd love to see a #Tweetup of the people who comment on online #news stories. That would be one weird and awkward time.
Proud sponsor of Miss Duncanville! Miss East Texas! and Miss Northeast Texas!
Long Live Youppi
Glad you like the podcast!
: Though it is depressing that folks don't have enough community to organize their own more fun games.
He's great because he can dig in and find great deals. It's late, what can I say? They can't all be comedy gold. lol
down the street to this Vietnamese restaurant that we eat at all the time
Did you say that old librarians are practically dead? They seem to be making too many decisions.
Love the film, Leopold's land ethic has driven my decisions as a biologist and filmmaker.
been trying to get ahold of your PR for months with no response. Best email address?
what I still dont know what state you live in
I got a thing for #oomf -__-
Pick up only. No deliveries for clearance items
Do you mix it with ice cream? :-)
Was at bestbuy and in the dark started playing !! I started singing it in front of everybody!!
Foster the People Pumped up Kicks!
whenever you want I'm down :)
+1 RT : I have a whole new respect for #designers... Photoshop & illustrator are not for the faint of heart.
Savvy Shopper: Rachel Hardy thanks her mother for work ethic: I spent a lot of time in and around her office causing mischief and bei...
Oh Friends you always make me laugh! Makes me think of the summer of CK2
Tonight is the Cre3SoL mixer. Its a FREE event, with music, artist, food, visioning, and a Raffle with really dope prizes ie studio time
big game for tonight. wish i were going! salt lake is for real. hoping for some or magic.
never realized how cute frankie jonas is. hes gonna have killer looks when hes older!
#maroon5 is always catchy.
"too fake" by big Sean and chiddy bang... That's it for now
Plant seedlings in a paper egg carton. When ready, cut to seperate each seedling and just plant in the ground.
Wanna be the taste-tester/sampler for us?! :-D
It's the playoffs. Rub some dirt on it. Signed, -Jay Cutler
Party with tonight as we toast to our owner Joel on becoming a daddy at Katacombs 1909 N Lincoln...we will be given away drinks
GET IN MAH BELLY! RT Brrr... Soup: Jamaican Black Bean + Yam, Samich: Black Forest Ham + Brie on croissant
I hate having a stomach ache:/
2nd advisory council meeting happening now. Can't wait to hear all of their ideas/suggestions to make this year's conference great!
I left my leftover's ugghhhh
I would like to thank everyone who has visited my blog. If you haven't yet, click the link. Http://dmgartstudio.blogspot.com
yes. It is.
I Am Looking At Two WebSite's. So Far Thier Pretty Good, One Is Not Completely Done
Hi, and thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the vote! And we definitely have a native app on the road map =)
Someone bring me food at the hospital I havent eaten since 9:30 this morning =/
Just found out , i got another sister ?
RT - Fausto Carmona leaving the Indians-Reds game for Cleveland after he tripped and fell facefirst while running to 1st...
what? He's hot and yeah I take self defense classes lol no jk I'm a natural badass
sometimes you have to hope for the best and prepare for the worst
Happy Mothers day tweeps.
Nope. That comparison won't work. Distinct difference is that black americans did not come as immigrants seeking opportunity...
One year ago today I asked her to marry me... I love my wife!
Roller Derby was mega fun PLUS it kicked my butt 2day. Rebuilding my energy now :). Fun hangin last night!
#AskPayton Do you always write back to your letters you get from fans?
Finished my verse lastnite.. im too pumped for studio.
GOOD MORNING!!! Can this plz be the day u will notice me???
I'm sorry but if you wear sparkly toms I lose respect.
yeah stupid ass wind!
And sleeping drunk is actually not so relaxing for your body. You're fucked. Lol
"I bowed at failure and it granted me success"~F.Opaleye~ NEVER GIVE UP!!
twitter - #bowdrix to enter headband giveaway contest
ugh stupid myspace im is out rite wen i was chattin with my mommy and yes i was chattin with her u gots a problem???? lol jk
it was quite a sight, I think someone was actually licking icing on the dance floor at one point... idk it's kind of hazy
thx hope you had a very merry christmas!!
y'all should turn it into movie
Pill heads pop everyday kid
It definitely has some impressive traction. It's just that I don't yet get to use it frequently enough for it to normalize.
#Doesntlookgoodwhen you're in foreclosure, that's why you should call us :)
RAY RAY is my hero.
TWC 16, now they are talking about cheese though.
Is Ray J there? Isn't he a self-proclaimed member of the money team?
hey mama wutz good???
Choir concert went well tonight. One more day of school and the wisdom teeth.
well im sorry for asuming it was something else and i just feel bad that im on my phone while im hanging with my friend
Should I offer custom gaming tokens as a premium with the custom card sleeve Kickstarter?
Bullpen, take a lap!
a combo of cardio, strength & stretching not only burns more calories, it also tones your muscles & protects your body from injury
Yup yup were STILL UP CANT SLEEP 1:26am
is looking forward to getting this long weekend started!
that's my goal and to send stuff home with my brother when he goes to Thailand with me for Spring Break
10 days until Christmas
Megan Fox is having Brian Austin Green's baby, which is as close as we are going to get to Michael Bay directing an episode of 90210.
not gonna jinx anything... :p
oh gee -__-
Portland medical examiner releases name of Monday's shooting victim as Jack Dale Collins, 58.
used to not no more y wats up
The BMW2002 is one of the most amazing sports cars ever produced. I had a '73 and it was mint green.
Voting for Seattle Weekly web awards. Oh decisions decisions...
#TeamFollowBack Go Follow Now!!!!! Gain A #Follow For the 1st FIVE to
Maybe it was a bad thing to apply my makeup before watching my soaps. Don't make me cry, Jack!~
We've been workign with on his concert series & tonight he has Edward Sharpe. Our poster for the event in the shop tomorrow!
RT : Why don't YOUR photos sell for $4.3MM at a Christie's auction? Because you, my friend, aren't making images like this:...
... ROFL yea I saw that. As if anyone gives a flying fuck about the pathetic fucking piece of shit A's.
Bye bye hair!
Q: What's in your stockings?
#SetDesigner urgently needed! Will pay! Contact us for details!!
Terminated, Let Go, Laid Off, Released, Fired!, Canned!
put Wonder by RJ Palacio on it.
yea thats more money to spend that i dont have...one day tho
5 hours and a half to be exact *super twitch* >.<
so myfrand brakesup wit my otherfrand&he gets mad her ME Im lik wat did i do.i didnt brakeup wit u.RT if u agree with me
Thanks Larry !! RT :
It won't. It can only help you. :
great watching you and working with you! Look forward to seeing a lot more of you on the TV and big screen!
Last day of staycation...boo!
Man, Harden's beard>>>>>Brian Wilson of the San Francisco Giants
I would vote yes. The first colonial Americans left the old world to escape religious mandates, to have liberty & pursue happiness
I got on for biz, and still mostly focus there, but social side is addictive/amazing. Still a noob, tho.
My god..maybe you can sing, but your vocabulary need some tuning up!
I hate wanting you but Kant have you ! But at the end of the day I can't help wat I want. Right??
Find something you love to do and you'll never have to work a day in your life. ~Harvey Mackay
west, l.a. , east, n.y., mid west, kansas, north east Detroit, mid south nashville
I'll give you best prices ever. What do you need? White home button? 6$. What else? Tell me...
Good morning all!!.. Have a great good Friday!!
Can you please come home and love us?
If i can put chocolate sprinkles on them, I'm there.
I'm sitting here rackin my brain on how does the profit split between doritos and taco bell go for the
Any singers in the house????
you thought extremely right my friend :)
RT #Pisces will cry you a river, but you will never see us shed a tear!
RT : about to announce winner of Dell Scooter ...excited to see who wins #dellsxsw #sxswi >I wish we could have entered!
Hmm. Have had assignment for 2 weeks and am starting it the day before it's due.
RT : I love using morningstar farms meal starters in tacos, or as a stir fry with veggies yum!
New campus challenge: Bank of America announces global commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 15% between 2010 and 2015.
ew no thats nasty.that happened in final destination...if you're gunna kill her just drown her in the pool...its less painful.
Thats why he is one of our presenters 4 #tedxyouth RT : Who doesn't love a good hug?
why am I awake this early, and I don't have school or work...
How about this weather!
I am finally, after over 12 years, losing patience with [one department in] our IT office.
OK we look fwd to seeing it.
Wearing a suit on the first date is a great way to remind her "I'll always make more money than you".
looks worse on tv.
"don't let me text him tonight"
It requires mad patience.May even require isolation from family & friends. You will have to focus on potential customers.
I forgot to get a pic of you with Robin! Will do that next time when you purchase a custom banjo from him...
. and citing Kepner Tregoe decision-making model for finding new software (works for other things, too)
& you know how they have those cars that they sells & stuff, well Alex decides to be a rebel & break into on and we (c)
Elon Musk says the US will remain the most innovative country in the world but minimize the tax and regulatory burden on small companies.
Happy birthday S/O to my lovely
Bookinaday is the only student run book publishing workshop in the country. At school #44 today in VA
I tweet my OWN thoughts, asshole.And I don't need U to talk to me. So FUCK OFF, dumbass LIBERAL motherfucker !
My Royals shirt is mad at me. He's been talking to my Chiefs shirt about his trip to Western KS. My Royals shirt wants to go. LOL
Props to all involved for putting the "c" back in weekly TV comedy!
dodgeball fight is tomorrow! should we do guys vs girls or mix it up?
why do people not open doors for others?
Just got home from a Chinese Christmas Eve dinner with Lynne Lerner, Bob Kulick, and Stella Stevens.
I haven't ever heard any music by One Direction, so I won't pass judgement on them. But considering their fan base...perhaps I'll pass.
I use Android TweetDeck with text size 16!
it wasn't bad when i looked at it.. 14 miles or less.. that's easy on a bike. :)
Lol, doing the most!.
Did we just become best friends!
Yes! "US Culture in the Age of Experts," with Tim Melley, Rebecca Lemov, me, and Priscilla Wald as commentator, is on the program for
To win the battle for Israel’s survival, every child of God must fight this battle in prayer-a spirit battle led by Satan himself...
RT : Maybe I'm the only one who rarely listens to the broadcasters... Hard when we got a Hall of Camera like Uecker!!
Riesling! German vs Alsace vs Austria! Ok. I need an idea for Saturday's wine class at Fuel Ready? Go
why do you hate Wisconsin.
Congratulations on the shout out from Bono! Amazing tribute to our country.
I just have to tell the world... Our staff is pretty wonderful.
Thanks to everyone for the smorgasbord yesterday. I'm hungry! Nd
Pack snacks with you at all times: when you're shopping, etc., you'll be able to satisfy your hunger without sacrificing good nutrition.
Limited connectivity this week. Send an email if you're looking for me...
Did the Heat just give us the least helpful update of all time?
Dinner w/the gang & Trent. Good food/cool vibe!
oh yu so copied me lol :b
Hey now!!! LOL Things are pretty busy here, just how I like it. I am way more productive when I'm busy. Ready for the weekend?
Redeye to Tampa, Florida for some sunshine and bermuda grass greens. Any good recs for courses?
I go into the office early on Tues and Thurs so my bro and I may have a 15 min script study/discussion when he drives into work. I love it!
No problem. Some ribs will make the shame go away ;-)
So sorry about that. I do know the feeling.
In 1965, LBJ invoked "we shall overcome" before Congress. Don't tell me it's just words Obama is using.
thats a lucky as bitch !!!
Need To Find Something To Do.
The Easter Bunny hops in to GCM at 6pm today! Join us for a festive Easter story with the Bunny. Don’t forget your camera for pictures!
Your attitude is often the only difference between a crappy day and a great day.
always have a great time with
That uncomfortable feeling you get when you are watching a disaster that you are powerless to prevent.
aww my friend has a westie named Callie - so sweet. I am a sucker for dogs!
Cliff Harris! “: Where's our secondary help!?! NOO RT : With the 23rd pick Lions have drafted OT Riley Reiff
Had a great meeting of the minds with ! We both agree there are much healthier ways to medicate than smoking. Edibles & Vape!
I think those shoes are fine... Though I'm a pretty crappy girl too... I say rock 'em.
The warehouse sale Huntley Road, Bldg D, Columbus (Worthington area) also starts Friday. We've moved in contents from 2 new estates.
excellent 09 Pinot. Awesome rose. I've been going with old standbys the last year. Need to brush up!
Nothing says breakfast like a gigis cupcake
Winner! Bet animal kingdom 4 ky derby since my son wants 2 go there! So much 4 stats! Who's takin home the cash!
Your are right! We should not be making a profit off student loans when banks pay almost 0% money
I wish i has my world
Let this just be a lesson sometimes a man can just slow u down.
Enjoy the Christmas weekend everyone!
Technically looks up to everyone. #shortjoke Regardless, congrats and well-earned hotpanini2
Is that what happened??
Has been a from the day i saw his vid of him singing and playing the drums..from that day on i promise to be his fan forever!!
lol me too that's why I got excited
be abusing d fuq oudda twitter.
like ships in the night, querido. Great paper last weekend, btw!
There were 34 players in today's noon $140 buy in tournament. The top 5 places get paid, first is over $1300. Next tournament is at 7 pm.
People who don't floss their teeth or keep their gumline clean<<<<
Considering how small my apartment is, the fact that I can never find my baseball is baffling.
I hate travel baseball. Screws with my plans.
just had a beer while getting a haircut at fellowship of barber surgeons in SD!
BREAKING NEWS: Dublin Police confirms Avery Rd at Brand is closed due to a serious injury accident.
Love the attitudes of the DB's on this team! Puttin' in the work with special results ahead #BCS #hookem#
Buying my mom coffee for Mother's Day bacause I can't afford anything else. God I'm a good kid.
“: Noam Chomsky doesn't like them too much” || Oh I get it you're joking and not serious, I've fallen for a classic prank. Bazinga.
Thx for the follow! Enjoy and Share 15% off medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout! Custom Dry Erase is the new trend!
ha!! Sure you right!
YES, exactly what my mom says ! ha !
Gulp. Reading complain-y posts about #HAWMC prompts makes me :( a good lesson to remind myself not to take it personally.
whoohooo! New NoodleTools!! I'm excited but that sdtrk for that promo video needs to go. Had to mute it. Too distracting.
Happy New Year! Last night was awesome. Jumped in the Ocean this morning. Now, packing for Oklahoma. Army bound tomorrow. Peace.
lol what part of Tennessee are you moving too?
I trusted you. For a long time I even thought you were my best friend. You're fake, awful, sneaky and right now, I hate you.
I'm back. I promise I will not fly another airline.
Finally!! eating some good ice cream to end my great day!
Flight booked
It is going! Busy, Busy! Did you happen to watch commencement?
I fucking hate this I just wanna scream and #runaway :(
We wanna blog about short sales, stay tuned! Debt forgiveness, good prices, short turn times, not one lost! The mission, avoid foreclosure!
already am lol
On my way to Minneapolis for #flashbelt conference. Excited/extremely curious to gauge the temperature of the Flash community these days
One time I do believe Romney is when talks about how good it is that he's super rich.
Thoughts? RT : Looks like Stewart Downing has got his 1st assist of the season. Getting Kenny Dalglish the sack.
Hey, We are at HELLAS in Hope Mills, NC tonight .... We start at 9pm-12am...
Follow Fridays.... Add/like/love
Mom: I was explaining to dad the other day that someone was snuggling drugs into the country
Quality is not made up, it's a way of life <3
Hahaha mia's tweets make me laugh
We need to put this in the OU commercials, right after the scientists. RT : Why can't dogs catch their breath very easily?
Coalition building is essential to working well with organizations who may be working towards the same goal
Clippers can have the highlights, we'll take the W.
was where anthro, socio, philo, psycho studies, linguistics, & lit theory together created a coherent research program. [+]
ok I'll disregard yours ..lol hi tiffany :)
Sherlock Holmes is awesome! and the MLG news is awesome! keep up the awesome work!
The exchange is interesting with Thanks!
i had an amazing #thanksgiving and awesome new clothes
Other than the fact that I'm not a sassy coed, then yes.
My boys!! Weaver throws a no-no tonight! I think the #Angels are turning the corner!
RT : The trouble with leadership is that anyone who wants it shouldn't be trusted with it.
love you :)
6 potential playoff games though!!!? there is a conspiracy against the lakers
Im honored to b a part of wrkn out of & #Earsgear&atmosphere
“: #success is the best revenge!”---- completely agreed!!
Bitches know our name thats rite #BigBang. 1D got noting aganist VIP's. You just jealous of our fame
mine would be another 6 wks, can't wait! let me know how it is.
MT “: It's official: Modernist Versions Project wins BIG grant in support of partnerships w #mjp, #NINES, #islandora #EMiC #fdu”
#crowdsourcing Have people been having trouble in #googledocs? For about a month, I've been getting "trying to reach google" every few mins
ignored!!! dont feel like doing anything! -not wanted- !!
We won the series by soccer rules RT At least we salvaged a split #100%realjuice
About to have some serious retail therapy tomorrow 👙👠👗👒👜 pumped
thinking ...'mytweetspace' is in need of a 'spell-check'
I will be proud to once again vote for . We need more statesmanship and bipartisanship not less
awesome. well whats your email address? (you can private message it if you'd prefer)..
Obviously you have to wear skinny jeans to attend Asbury.
Remind your clients that local elections in CA are tomorrow. Post the bilingual hotline for assistance: 1-888-vey-y-vota
has the other one come through yet?
Oh, you poor dear! I am sorry you could not come : ( I hope you feel better soon!
Negotiations... Gonna be a long night - come on brinkmanship!
If you want a song tweet me a request and an MP3 will bee on it's way.
If you die today...how will you be remembered?
I love you, not for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you.
#Goodnight twitter.
are you from new jersey?
I'm always burning myself >.< wtf
my man. We gonna have to make that happen, I'm always down for a nice Chi town get away.
TOO FUNNY  !
Ah bummer. Yeah things are well. I was just hoping to see you before you got super crazy shooting your pilot!
RT : Good times with as usual! <-- We appreciate you Megs!!!
April Fool's + Palm Sunday = Face Palm Sunday. (thanks )
I've met you in person, you're a very beautiful girl & yet on all your pictures on facebook you seem slightly retarded. Explain yourself.
good for you
WHEN I GET MY LISCENSE IMMA RUN YO ASS OVER 
This is a good movie
Wait, what? Whose account is getting shut down? Honestly haven't a clue what you mean. Do tell!
o that's def what's up! Pick a good neighborhood!!! Ain't trying to get shot up at a session LOL!!!
People that don't text back <<<<
If Leslie takes this job in Houston, I think I'll legally be able to purchase machine guns and bazookas.
Why does my bed always decide when I sleep or get up?
Fab photo of U, ! Honored to be followed & added to your actor list. You're kick'n awesome. Have a great week.
Out in the Gaslamp, at McFaddens! Where should we go next?
well I'm just glad you associate me with Kelly Rowland lookalikes. ☺
well ya got me there, but still you get the point!
You're there?
R.i.p to the girl I use to be 8'
Windex is from Jesus.
In the morning home run, going, late, saw the cat and let the whole world wait ... how can a mil do not cuddle:)
Everybody follow the REAL , not a fake one.
When you put your arm around me .
If you don't know much about tort reform, a nicely done short video to help bring you up to speed...
No Rose, no Noah, but also no reason to lose tonight. #Bulls had the win in their hands. No excuse to lose tonight
Well, maybe I would have posted it on G+. The migration over to there is still kinda slow
well I haven't really told anybody yet. I was gon wait till the weekend to start telling folks.
make it a game
No one can replace Aubrey :] you will always occupy a place in my heart just not in my apartment :[
Morning Twitter. :)
I always be slipping and shi when im by my self..lol!
Grandma: somebody's telephone is going off...
If bibliography of suggested (existing) digital resources is needed, librarian, faculty, inst. technologists submit ideas
You should try www.bypasslane.com at the Coyotes game! Order concessions from the comfort of your seat!
Students and community allies: Follow the ! Get updates and suggest ideas for YOUR representative body!
A. Athlete in the jersey creates value for the seller. Otherwise Oregon wouldn't have pulled Blount jerseys after the punch.
HEY PEOPLE! COME CHECK US OUT ONLINE. WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.COM
Rihanna flew her hairdresser from U.S. to London b/c she was having a bad hair day.
halftime. my circulatory system gets a short break
3 reasons I had to turn down working at The Voice: poetry, art, and music class :(
Okay, maybe these are your Mothers Clippers.
how you pull that one?
Regime change. Man City beats Man U 6-1.
Irish Stew, anyone? Stop by during lunch today and enjoy the savory flavors in our homemade soups!
all day errrday.
Be careful dont get kidnapped
thanks for the re-tweet-thanks for sharing
Seems everyone is getting 5+ copies of everything from ALM. Hopefully they are not using this to measure ROI.
So crazy. #Harmacy was a new song at one point. Now we're playing again!!
Today's thought: "Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs." —Henry Ford
Bars in baltimore may be staying open till 3am!!!
7th career playoff triple-double for Rajon Rondo!
Nobodys perfect, but your perfect for me.
So ready for this dinner to be done!
lol Alberto Del Rio just got told by #TripleH on #Raw #SuperShow and then Sheamus dominated xP
Of course pop out...ground out...smh
and - loved your call today! I'm signed up and look forward to getting started in February with you both. :)
please please follow me !!! :)
I needed some reminiscing ;) I'm glad you're doing so well!
what you runnin your mouth about son?
We appreciate the FF love!
definitely haha ride or die!!!! Haha
Still deciding whether or not I like Eat Pray Love.
But, who gets to decide and when and why? has some data that is not open and for good reasons. That's not bad.
LOL sorry Tara! We gotta spread the word & get some tix sold! We'll hopefully have them 4 u thru the end of the year at least!
Screams tommorrow! Should have a teaser up soon :)
Wait, what? What is that doing?
What was your halloween costume?
Playing Gruene Hall tomorrow from 12:30-4pm. Hope to see a bunch of ya there!!
hah, no worries. glad you made it back safe (albeit sans sleep!)
Very proud of our team and our friends at We R working our buns off for the 4/14/12
Roughly where do you put him on the post-draft Bloom 100? Won't hold you to it, just figuring if I should trade up to 1.7
Guess who got out of cermaics an hour early
RT everybody who opposes Gay Marriage should have to look Neil Patrick Harris in the eye and tell him he doesn't deserve love
Thank you for checking in with us on foursquare - what dish did you most enjoy this evening?
Test. Only an avatar test.
lol who knows.. your off?
I understand the physics now.
-blushes- TY. I'll share my ropes with you!
Sweet! Glad to hear it! What was your script about? Was the feedback valuable to help with further drafts of your script?
+1 “: Yes! RT Thinking abt offering classes on buying, cutting, preparing, cooking Gulf fish. Any interest?”
MFoucault: "The principle of maximum/minimum replaces the notion of equitable equilibrium" (BoBiopol 17). Compare to:...
You've been dating for a month? you must be so in love. -- Condescending Wonka ()
So many "out of office" auto replies this month from people who are on vacation... getting jealous that I don't have a summer trip planned.
Getting ready for a class chat on copyright issues in distance education.
This ----> RT : Portland should interview for the GM job!
I'm kidding! Lol no I'm underage!
I'm waiting for 1D....in my bed
I just spit out my tea laughing so hard at your nickname for Harris Teeter #theTeet I'm dying that is so funny!
You too! We enjoyed it as well.
Thanks. Wish I had the green vinyl though.
Junk Food (:
Dear Directioners, Its quiet on twitter... A little bit TOO quiet...
Happy 16th Birthday! I hope you have a great day! I love you!! <3
Thanks, Alison for the RT! Hope you are doing great!!
#BoyfriendWillWinGrammys of course it will cuz its going to be the #BEST song ever so why wouldnt it win a
Haha. It is, isn't it?
haha yeah I miss that whole house. So many ridiculous memories. And sexual ones..
Gabriela got cut by a thorn of a plant ! D:
no it's awesome I'm happy someone likes them :)
thoughts flow so freely late at night
lol, yea I was like wdf is this niqka talking bout but then I saw wat I put.
Wishing All A Fantastic Easter!
A new found clothing website + a sleepless night + me = bad news
Operation slow down 465 is in full effect! Cops are everywhere around the big circle. No more 75 in a 55 peeps.
Have fun guys. I am going to stop by for a second.
when do we get off break?
Sometimes I just give up on life and stop caring.
Im Hot! With no AC :/
Kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve. ~ Jacqueline Schiff
Uninspired by #SOTU. Where was the call-out of Democratic sad-sacks? Where was the pimp-slap of Joe Lieberman? I'm Canadian from now on
agree; and sharing that aggregated/curated page is ok, but not each post as added (which I've done, sadly)
So excited to spend this special weekend with ! Been talking about it since I was 14 👫
If you're not a fan of the Beastie Boys don't go to a bar or club this weekend because Djs will be paying tribute to MCA...
Okay!! I will be waiting!!!
Thanks for the follow ... so far you have brightened the days at the office :)
RT : A3 Nah. If anything, it sends a message that a jury of 18 can't have a good critical conversation about books.
I rep that West
happening vs 20 yrs ago they had no treatments at all.
She takes it anyway except personal
i wish you were here with me.
#48dc INSIDE SCOOP: Most unpopular genres: Silent Movie and Musical or Western. Films I most enjoy: Silent Movie and Musical or Western.
let us know if you have any questions or if you need some assistance! xox
You know. He wants to avenge his brother's death and he turns around & Robin plays dead.
#Callback for #National #Comcast #Commercial... wootwoooo!
You obviously have a wonderful daughter and I imagine it is going to be an amazing journey watching her grow. Enjoy!
....shouts 2 u handsome
Read a great article a few days ago about paperless teaching. Here's to hoping I can encourage the kids I tutor to start blogging!
WOW.....thx for the reminder :)
Drake > everyone else
gahaha there's plenty more realer than me. But I'll swing on someone talking about my boys!
KOALADANCEBOTS RUN THE WORLD!:)
go to sleep, it's past your bedtime lil boy (:
yup. At least if your gonna call one sided do it for the home team wtf
Watching Elf and eating subway. M :)
my mom was home alone and a black guy came to their house and he was trying to sell glass cleaner and he sprayed it on the-
Many agree that Rotary has changed their life. those who don't want to settle for an ordinary life and seek extrordinary things should join
High Vaultage Get Your Ugly Mug In HIGH VAULTAGE COMPETITION Starts 17th of March at 12PM PST 2000 GMT1 Fart your way to the stars amp be
what you got on schedule so far?
#nowfollowing !!=] howdy do!!!
Visel: On the net, our interactions are low-impact. How do you get people to care? We've solved the quantity problem, not the quantity one
Bieber to switch on Westfield Christmas lights - UNLIMITED CMU LondonNet Bieber to switch on Westfield Christmas lights UNLIMITED CMU It
Shot several pictures in Texas & got to tell you a lot of not so nice people. I am sure there are but...
Gladstone is so shocked by the terrible carnage of the American Civil War that he feels Great Britain must act to end it
Empty net soon by CAPS...... Get ready
not today bro
Things girls want from guys: 1. Good morning/goodnight calls. 2. Pictures taken together. 3. Surprises, especially little ones.
Today 1953:Milwaukee Braves make their official debut at the newly built County Stadium, beating the St. Louis Cardinals 3-2 in 10 innings.
By the way, regarding that last tweet about music: I never thought I'd find something to replace iTunes, but Spotify rules
& u kno its true
There's a Hy-Vee Hall? Is there a friendly smile in every aisle there?
#Oscars Is it really true that Gary Oldman hasn't been nominated before? What a crime!!
I love watching
We pretty much made that couch look good tonight. Real good.
I think yes. if one had to choose where to spend resources...apps dev v. mobile web. choice is easy given advancements of devices
Kiss me im contagious :)
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's. Will Rogers
MOS WANTED CREW ALL THE WAY DOE
For every talent that poverty has stimulated it has blighted a hundred. John W. Gardner
she is so cute!!
Hey gurl didnt get ready in time today either eh ;P
I Hate Ppl Who Think Dey Can Run Me
Gameday March Madness style! Sporting KC takes on FC Dallas at 6pm, and watch the Kansas-North Carolina NCAA game at 4pm throughout #LSP!
The HR generalist in our hospital orientation just mentioned Meyers-Briggs.
Going through a hard time, its all my fault, men if you love your woman think real hard before you break her heart... I love my woman!
arrivial time please?
absolutely gorgeous! Ill sext you!
WOW has 175 NEW followers in 96 hrs since my #job #interview #SEO. #Age #Discrimination is a crime #CEO !!
Starbucks is selling beer and wine now!!!! so i gotta get Carded for a Mocha !!!!!!! LOL LOL
:/ I know but ill tell you everything inaf
After losing my $AMZN Kindle last week I am debating a replacement Kindle or new a $BN/$MSFT Nook... any recommendations?
I'm not ashamed to admit that I touch the television screen whenever Angelina's face appears...
I love them dontjudgeme but i only go to ones OT RT : I never been to a strip club I wanna go
When somebody makes you laugh so much you have tears coming out of your eyes >>>
no -- it's reliable -- just a minor case of automotive ADD.
#96barstofreedom TURN UP
she seh she feal d sweetest pain
Lol Do You Really Wanna Know.
It came out!? Tf
holy heck! I don't think a well worded apology note will cut the mustard on this one! Sheesh!
Step dad just lost all respect
i cant see emojis but ok thanks
Carpool bitches, I have no use for you. Thanks.
Like ALL my posts! -Alexis-
signed up team "I'd Rather Be At Marges" for kickball tonight for the summer sessions!!!
thanks! Is it rude to move if u accidentally choose the seat next to the one person who hasn't showered?
WHATS GO BE THE WEATHER TODAY.
You sound so sexy when your not talking ;)
ok say thereadysetfan4 or gabby said hi and she loves you :D please?
RT “: Good to c u at the Tribe game!”
I wish that I could have this moment for life-nah-id rather make more better than this one.
Sure thing!
Your needs will be met when you may find a way of projecting energy and fulfilling someone else's need.
Hahaha I'll make him pay for it ;)
exactly....you have no reason st all
It is. My bad. I meant that towards absolutepunk circa 2004.
when I miss two days of school in a row that's when you know I'm actually sick
Sweet! Got Mingus in Europe V. 1 with some free Amazon MP3 Credits I had! I am loving this extended rendition of Fables of Faubus
Bikram tonight was awesome. Decided that trying to figure out factors that contribute to best class is useless.
Bedtime. I have to be up early tomorrow!
#schoolmemories cursing everybody out in school lol it was fun
Hibernation time for me
Oh sure, forgot my fake wedding ring only to get trapped talking to some random
That heart broken feeling 😨you get when you find out something you didn't want to know.
(: I knoww!!! Haha. How did u know it was her? & Whatdid u say? & i asked her to buy them(:
You're on fire! Keep up the great work.
One day I hope for things to be different and change for the better <3
Let's have sex in the rain(;<
yeah I agree! Cricket's great. That'd be totally awesome if they brought her back in the Life With Archie Series! Do you read that?
HOW MUCH are you donating to the Trayvon Martin case?
Plus, Hank Pym comes out as an atheist - I don't know if that was well established before, but still, makes me happy - DvL
Don't you think that's underachieving? Melo was compared to 'Bron initially but is proving to be more like Joe Johnson.. overpaid
Saw an old flame today. It's funny how things you feel are perfect for you in the present aren't always what's best for you in the future.
Safe travels!
did i mention the undersecretary of Mideast affairs just ordered sliders?
even if it's not good or it's good but does not find an audience, it still will be worth making.
Read the article - food for thought! Considering your experience, is this approach realistic?
Haha I know. I've never done a "that guy" tweet until today. And right, I forgot that you must smell of rainbows and sunshine.
leaving off Claiborne
club life gets me through the day.
School is just so bitting right now
yeee she did and she told her friend too.
I should've recorded this movie;
RT : Thanks for the mention, :) I appreciate the support! Always!! Hope you had a great week Jamie! ♥ Aoede ♪♫
You are my fantasy football team's savior. <3
Tall, beautiful, AND my sense of humor! :) hahaha! Thanks for including it! Made me smile!
Beale Street Music Fest + Megadeth=Reign In Mud! (or just rain & mud)
LOved the CD you sent. Pat
Yes! Way to go Wildcats!!!
yes, we are real. :)
Caucus claims to be united but will not guarantee a no vote from all members on lines
Has anyone on twitter ever thought about owning there own fitness business!
Whoa, MommyJacking, Whoa.
- Family Guy re-runs > NHL Playoffs > NBA Playoffs
I wish to be a fat woman on the Mad Men.
So Ive heard
There is never any food in my house on Sundays :/
Hold a true friend with both hands. - Proverb
moving past my past & embracing the opportunities of my future
it's on the calendar!
Red Velvet Hot Cocoa makes mall shopping better.
It's a wonderful time of the year: RT Tax time makes me hate almost everything about almost everything.
...three weeks left > back in school the first week in June.
The Brewers play the Athletics in Oakland today with a scheduled start time of 2:00 PM CT.
If I tweet u more then once and u dont reply im Unfollowing you.
Yoga Sculpt class. All I can say is: WOW.
Phoebe just tried to order us shots of ever clear
Many crucial events in your life have been connected to puking, haven't they Steve?
Gotta see my big Sis fa I leave the A
what why not:o
I nominate for #poetry #author because of his talented wordsmithery and outreach to
Pre rehearsal hike at Runyon with
The first printed reference to Christmas trees appeared in Germany in 1531.
Heard cheeky rumour the #StoneRoses are playing at #RaptureNYE Can you confirm?!!
well thanks !! So glad I could help
me either(:
": Sport of Kings #falconry" Derek!!
the bottle was dusty but the liquor was clean
Yea my crib there but im not
Packing it up for tomorrow
Of course I am! Let's go #Caps!!!
Definitely a dubious distinction. Probably a first class passenger.
This #ohiostate vs #Kansas game is Fantastic!! This is why I love #MarchMadness #NCAA Go #Jayhawks!
": As a #Scorpio you are at your most beautiful when you channel your sly charm to energize those around you."
Na, but I did tell him he needs to stay off the crack man! :) (lol)
Interesting Tweet! I will be curious to know what kind of responses you receive!
That's no moon, it's a duck!
Having my mom in town puts me in the best mood. Even when I'm working al day
Thanks for slipper suggestions and
Earth, no one can say what you are.
"Self-control grows out of an environment of love and trust between the Lord and us."
your welcome ^_^
What God do I need to make a sacrifice to? I'm open minded.
I hate my life ... cause it sucks ... 2morrow is my B-Day nd bet it gonna be the worst everybody 4gets to say Happy B-Day 2 me
Does anyone else remember "You'll hit them harder with your heart exposed"? lol
You good yo?
yeah so people take over board and tweet non stop
and I see your face with each note, your smile with every crescendo. Wish you could be here rocking out with me! Xx
In a post-rock state of mind.
#Shorewood police say they have no confirmed vehicle accidents today from the lake effect snow. (Great news)
Congratulations!! :) I can't wait until you become super big, and I can act hipster 'cause I was an early fan.
haha i guess i cant argue with that!
Compress,EQ, print, reverse, compress, EQ, print, mix, repeat as desired
nigga so ready for you to come bck!
we going to todo this mag?
Gotta love #CollegeBaseball: Liberty is off to 16-1 start
that must be it
#Modeling is exhausting! Hv U tried sucking it in,sticking it out,trying to keep straight, #ThinkThin & #sexy all at once?
thanks for the mention!
I love tyrese's new song ... Mm mm mm
Super Bowl Prediction: TIE
Laying in bed at a 90 degree angle, not the best thing for one's back.
you should follow LOLz
HI do you want to come to our Library?
Mom distraught after boy's rugby death - News24
Nobody talk about Gossip Girl please! I haven't seen it yet.
On my way to school!
#HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful moms out there!
that's a shame. Both he and sister Gladys had a ROUGH childhood, very itinerant with an ill father. If people would do >>
Good morning everyone!
Damn I'm an asshole
mines to yo ! lmao pero the salon dont be washing my hair right though :/
anyway, enjoyed that ravishing French context
Allen West knows all about intolerance
Food Fact of the Day:March 27, 1923 Sir James Dewar died. He invented the 'Dewar Flask,' the original 'thermos bottle'.
You're welcome.
Can't sleep. Sniffing my hair and it smells like heaven.
haha soon, just want to get it the best we can
"Restore to me the joy of your salvation" psalm 51
U lost not once but twice. You obv underest. me, don't make the same mistake again or you'll be flaunting those thighs!
because he doesn't have to throw. I think Davis will get the day off tomorrow. He's been struggling since that W he got
So, what you're saying is, you're never out of luck on a trip to , because that doughnut is always in stock.
This is a sloppy showing KU.
#thesitter and a fire with Caiti and Addie. A perfect way to end the day.
Snowing here tonight. Not as soothing to sleep by as rain, but makes everything quieter and cozier (if you're indoors!).
Q3 2010 Results Presentation Speech Speech by Paul Polman, Chief Executive Officer, and Jean-Marc Huet, Chief Financial Officer, on Q3 2010
you and the rest of the Internet! :/
For real? Hooligan style?
I'm on my 6th and final book of the series
Yes.. I'm so totally excited about
oh well i can , but if u cant thats alroight
Not if there's no interest.
BAHA! Loves it. Our hair is no joke. :-( RT ha, i have #jewishgirlproblems- it gets super frizzy/wavy
I guess I'm the 3rd wheel tonight lol.
Hi Eric, you can use the Pence Library materials when on-site, but you cannot check books out.
Gotye is actually a really good artist.
Today I consumed: x2, $5 worth of Fro-yo, A pizza and a Gyro with fries....not good.
is that what Bynum said?
Don't remind me. And a month ago, we "thought" we would have arrived.
u bang wit mac miller 2
it's fine thanks i know my pic is awesome lol
I put you in my bio
Smoking pipe makers #Continental and #Alibaba i have and idea for you. Talk to me about an idea for a modern novel pipe invention. 13112
I am not, nor will I ever be a Walrus
Wow! I haven't seen a face blow up my #fb feed like #kony has since 's mug was all over it! Great work
The term I use now is 'archetype' - less loaded than 'cliche' RT I think ur point was cliches are there for a reason.
Is it Thursday yet?? RT : See u next week on your journey!!!
I've never seen my name and "respectful" used in the same breath.
everybody is a genius. but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing it is stupid.
Wish I could Keep You Much Longer I know You gotta Go cuz you got things to do
Great day to have the top off my . I love summertime in PDX
TMZ is never around when you need them!
When Governor Walker wins the GOP primary tonight, will his challenger tip his hat? And if so, will the Gettysburg address fall out of it?
Agree. He's got a lot more raw power than he shows in games. With his patience, he should be a stud.
I'm keeping quiet. My bf will kill me if he finds out. But you know how yall dreads are. Lol.
Go Bucks!
Thank you, good people.
A much needed dinner with my Ma and crazy Aunt
What do you think about FB replacing the fan button with a 'like' button?
Retweet: if you forgave someone who didn't deserve it.
thanks again for the espresso and the time. Enjoyable and insightful as expected!
Iwish you would follow me :( it'll always be a dream of mine ,iwont give up #NEVERSAYNEVER My Motto <3
Dim sum then the Strand
Look at me now
An officer can arrest a suspect for failing to show id during a valid Terry stop,
Will do
Now, my biggest concern is the severity of Tramon Williams' injury.
Hoping to get a Happy Birthday from It would make my day 845x better. <3
"Work complete" ("Job's done!")
Kudos for excellent customer service at AT&T and Flickr!
Nice to meet you Brent. WE followed back. Thanks for the follow.
We're going to pick up a few pieces with UNDERGROUND characters to crossover and then I'll wrap post and turn over to Image.
Thanks to our MD U.S. Reps for making time yesterday to hear about the impact of arts!
RT : Thank you Justin Timberlake and Janet Jackson for ruining the Super Bowl halftime show forever #dinosaur music
That's why it's called a Remix you idiot.
on rapid iterative design at publishers meeting.
I love the fact that is still close with his friends from australia
ha that's awesome! I gotta call muhmuh soon
I want to finish grading, honest, I do. But this new Sookie Stackhouse book must be read.
phones make me mad. Hows the school there?
my dad aaid he would pay me $15 if you reaponded to me saying you love me(: worth a shot!
or split-infinitives, etc
Big weekend first goes music by on fri then sat !! Come Bounce with us all weekend :)
is awesome
It's like no matter how far I get, it never ever matters.
“: Gmorning people!have a blessed day”and you as well.
- Don't forget the little guy. I called to say congrats as well homie.
Chinese second-hand car market revs up - Financial Times
Adele's performances only get better and better!
The worst part about Los Angeles is having to think about parking. Leaving the Coffee Shop so I can find parking in my hood
2 can play that game.
I'll leave a stressn Find ya wife dead on da floor up in the kitchen Wonderin where ya kids at I gott'em all wit me
I wouldn't assume that up front. BTW, how well do you know Latin?
imma pass out in first period...
5 AP classes next year ? Challenge accepted (y)
#EMAC RT : Due to student request, just finished converting degree plan into a writable PDF.
Could be a long season for the #Falcons-- a lot of teams will be watching the video of this game. Hats off to the #Bears D!
Rick is awesome!
"Look at me I'm so mature! I'm doing laundry!" - my older brother
cheese fries please? with arsenal cheese curds?
HAHA YOU SAID FART!! RT : Have to be eligible to be drafted before FA RT: : what is stopping Pryor from...
My husband met Brad & Angelina last week. I should have told him to tell her not to wear that dress :)
Never will you miss Etta James more than when you hear sing 'At Last' at her funeral. Why you gotta go & try 2 ruin that song.
Still up doe
i love ballet so much it makes me want to cry.
Did you know that YouTube has a basic video editor now? Learning lots on 's webinar today!
All I ever wanted was someone by my side <3
yeah you iz! & type normal!!!
“: nice! would you wanna download our CD for free?” I would love to
Follow she got some interesting tweets + she follows back and will get you more followers
Switch up the usual routine--grab your friends and head to Landmark Lanes for some bowling!
Casting Call for “Burn Notice”
Fast paced, furious, love 's new show #ROME upgraded my U-Verse just for this channel/show the wait is finally over!
RT : #SCIP2012 "Reputation gives you access" - How good is your personal brand management?
You would be awesome. ": I wonder how i would be if i stayed at eks nd went to eastwood :0"
Juss let me live my life.
I chose to be single.
Apple&#39;s North Carolina Data Center Will Feature Biogas Generators ...
#2ThingsIAppreciate sleeping and waking up
thanks! Cheese-lovers unite!
I have a bad habit of hitting low blows. Because If you piss me off I'm going to HIT A LOW BLOW.
In this world, if you have & take the time to write a column lambasting Mark Zuckerberg's wardrobe, don't write.
oh okay! #bdubs after! 😊
Remember, Scottsville Farmers Market is open tomorrow (Saturday 9/3) from 8:30 am to 12:30 pm. Get what's best, what's fresh & grown at...
Dash down Greenville 5k and parade today!! Come join us!
ok, it's official, I have seen the first Godfather movie.
thanks for the #ff - think I am starting to understand this stuff a little better! Have a great weekend.
Overwhelmed by stupid shit.
We're so honored to be a finalist at #ETIS12 Innovation Incubator #SIIA So exciting! The finals are today.
Childhood Memories.. I miss Viva La Bam
I know that lol
I have a gig today! Wassup with you
I hope I sleep good tonight. Less stress.
What a lovely Wisconsin morning
can we pretend that airplaines in the nite sky like shooting stars
If you need any photo advice, , and I are practically experts now thanks o 's class.
I watch Charlie and the Vlogbrothers and whatever else I feel like watching. :D But those two, mostly. #NERDFIGHTER!
That's the whole idea of #WaukeshaWatch. Many someones keeping tabs on Kathy Nickolaus.
Mike miller should know not never put the ball on the floor
At least Dodgers' fans can take solace in the fact that the better player won MVP.
Good morning Washington! It's 65 and sunny! Wow! It's not too soon to start planning your outdoor gardens and living spaces!
dang. I was going to bring mine.
naturally i'm watching the new episode of RHONJ at 10 because that level of intelligence is all that i can register right now
See thats the shit im talking about a sledge hammer ya fuckin PUSSY!!!!!!!!!
is getting their ProTools sessions in order to send off for mixing!
And <3 ": #WhatAWomanNeeds a guy like "
I guess you're right...😔 But since you did compliment my ass the other day, I'll let this one slide 😊😃
Thank you everyone who's been buying the cd! I appreciate the support and I'm going to keep the videos and music coming!!!
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life. It goes on.
What up
love those books. They still get me like that
nice...good hunting...
ILL SPAM THE CRAP OUT OF HADOUKENS TO TEAM TEKKEN!!!!!!!!!!
I can't wait until elections are over. i HATE the attack campaigns.
McGwire hits a drive to left. That ball is long gone, folks. Wow, that guy can mash. 2-run homer, 4-2 Brewers in the 2nd.
Poets do it / Nothing to it / They intuit / and with words, glue it
Just rode with my dad and I still get car sick from his driving!
Follow me & check your mentions:) cos i follow back!
So it supposed to snow tomorrow.. So excited :) I want tons of snow for Xmas
Yeah... I'm gonna have no voice tmrw
What a coincidence that #espn has the marlins game tommorow
In childhood, I use to put a little bouquet in a handmade basket on neighbors' doors, ring the doorbell, and run to celebrate May Day.
In 2014, you shall RT : wish I was going!!! Thankfully the sun will be back out tomorrow!! :-)
Girl you live with your mother!!! And you still broke!!Wtf?
film for Kellogg foundation
"are you the guy from ziggy hidedust and the hiders from mars?" omg Portlandia
FISHER/FAVRE - same person? Holding teams hostage waiting on decision!
Who all is from Portsmouth, Ohio or around that area?
i sent a picture. But your phone sucks so you probably didn't receive it.
#DPLAwest tech breakout session going down the rat hole of building the shiny thing
sry if im spamming
After two and a half hours at the salon my hair is finally complete :D v
Would love to connect with you tomorrow for a few minutes at #BlissDom before I head out! Are you free between 11am-1pm by chance?
#ThingsThatICantStand 1. People chewing with their mouth open 2. When people talk too loud 3. Slow drivers 4. People who complain a lot
Congrats!!! Nick & Phyllis
...come to the city that never sleeps of corse...nyc!
How are things Milwaukee? Did you get some rest this weekend? Back at it…but first things first. Karaoke tonight in the Garage!
Be sure to tune in to NBC4 tonight 7 pm for The Autism Puzzle to see Special Learning’s co-founder Michele LaMarche!
Watching Rango. This is weirdly good. Goodly weird. Feel like I'm watching an animal version of Fallout.
My new approach to realizing I still don't even make minimum wage at my org is to cut my hours so I'm at least making that.
FYI, James, when you add that dash, you interrupted the link. It's really
Free Lunch Today!!! Provided by the best cooks in the LBK WolforthUMC
They straight played me on this SAT test
The under lying bias of new media is exactly the same as those that Marshal McLuhen expounded regarding early analog media
how can people say justin is untalented? say that and you're automatically invalid and irrelevant.
#Boston Worst hits 500 followers! My work is not done. I know at least 500 scumbags that I need to tweet!! You don't want to be
would you like to write a brief forward to a revolutionary marketing booklet?! I like you're style!
Lmao. World Peace is going off
Is this business plan for the cloud processing you have been doing?
Auditioning for the summer fest gonna be a big bash!!!!!
Thanks to for battling runners and epic traffic to hang out with a bunch of actors on this beautiful day at
well, we love what you do!!!
Great fall evening planned - Boyd & Blair Hour followed by an oyster roast. Yum!
Agreed - great article. Chart is spot on. But what can millenials do to get senior staff to see the bigger picture?
just told me I have a cute sniff
I bought another piece of art last night. Can one develop an art addiction? I get the feeling my bank account is gonna take some hits.
Something to think about as you start your week. If your presence doesn't make an impact then your absence won't make a difference
don't disrespect the gays son. I'm one and cheered for you. Cal screwed the Tigers and Memphis. Hope his ass loses. Karma
Happy Finals Week, Wabash!
#fridayreads Finished Last Stand by Philbrick & learned lots. Just Started Good Graces by Lesley Kagen.
I hate going to garage sales but that would be worth it. Tonight's dinner is a crockpot of beans and cornbread. True
For the Most Advanced, Best built, Smallest, and Quietest automated Phoroptor available, visit Reichert booth
Casa Morada is an upscale 16 suite hotel with the informal character of the Caribbean combining dining and activities in the Florida Keys!
That heart attack moment when you put the password and it says wrong password.
The bots are attacking me. Help
"In the most difficult situations, when it seems that God does not hear, we must not fear to entrust to him our overburdened hearts”.
Tony Siragusa is the BEST
and no, i don't believe i have
Yay! Tomorrow is the start of my writers' retreat! 3 days of ZERO interruptions!
"I have amazing friends" is such an understatement.
Dinner at the #sushi while watching the #miamiheat followed by at Sounds Good?
so excited for May 12th
yeah, on second glance all the way through that story, maybe not. is there a kafka story about doing satisfying, awesome work?
Being a douche must be a job requirement at ESPN.
Happy Easter to all as well. Went to Sunrise Mass (Laura cantered). Then Easter dinner at Damian & Kathy's that started around 1.
When do you work this week other than yesterday? Or do you not know yet?
HELP | Looking to interview someone who moved into a rental in San Diego County any time this year - for a rental story. Please RT.
Focusing on happiness in this happy baby pose
Timbers vs Montreal Spanish broadcast life in Estrella TV: canal 8.3, Comcast 307, Wave Broadband 365, Charter 285.
The #Roots in concert last night, now watching #Clueless on E! ... I heart the 90s!
its impossible to find hockey in Peru..keep updating
Hitting the mat for some Power Flow
RT : Next Tuesday :: Webinar :: How Nonprofits Can Successfully Use Mobile Technology and Social Media [on a small budget! ...
!!!!! When your famous and touring the WORLD pleasee come to Minnesota!!!!!! Make my life?? :) <3
And people just make life better at BU =)
Thats great..... why are you telling me this?
lol I was waiting for your Revenge tweet.. I can't believe it's almost over!
I just got a cocktail for a gift!
Had to be a group of young republicans.
Going to with beatle bob so stoked!!!
I cleaned my room, and now I can't find anything.
hahaha I wish I would have met Alli too :(
happy for Zach and Zajac
thanks for the recommendation! We'd love to see you both!
Yep , not Fun
Matt Cooke ejected for being Matt Cooke.
AH! Freaking out right now!!!! #SOEXITED #Swaggie <3 I LOVE YOU!!! follow?? <3333
Fellow , Emily rocking the volunteer orientation right now.
my pleasure! RT : Thanks for the shout out! Anyone can #movetheearth! Let's work together to #get2million!
Putting lmao, lol, rofl, and knowing damn well you're sitting there with less expression than a brick.
I'll get it this weekend!
I can seriously not get enough of #danceagain by #jlo 💘
#sdmayornp Filner not answering question either. Q was "After 4 years as mayor, what will have been done?"
Liverpool 3 - Man U 1......you'll never walk alone...
On call for project go-live and resting up for the Autism Walk tomorrow morning.
omg...u have a twitter..
Just stepped in gum.
Palmer beat Doherty last night in hockey. I also got to hang out with him. :) <3
Watching Miss Universe Pageant 2011!!!!!!
Watching Glory for the second time today... Sometimes being a ta sucks.
Ted Abernathy of Southern Growth Policies Board is speaking on regional collaborations and economic development.
This concept of people being 'out of your league' is ludicrous- life isn't baseball or bowling. Fuck who you want. Life's too short.
Not my day.
Yeah Vegas! RT : They have an Art Institute in Las Vegas and Los Angelos! YES starting on my applications
Driving through Austin, listening to NPR, drinking peace tea, wearing tevas
T.E.A.M. =Together-Everyone-Acquires-Money
Come on don't let these guys step on us!! This is ur home not theirs!!
hopefully the furnace doesn't go out again!
RT : On my way to at the Schott. So Excited. Yay!!!!!!
She went last year too. We moved and she almost didn't get accepted this year for overcapacity.
Also, Happy Mothers' Day to the best mother in the world! My mother has held that distinction for over 17 years in a row!
pick up yo phone when i call cracker
Watchin Big Momma House like father like son
Just saw two people light saber battling in the middle of Erickson field
nice - how far along?
#Stanford 5 coaches today. With 2 OK State, 4 Oregon, old 5 OK & 7 Clemson all losing, Stanford's national championship dream staying alive.
I have made theater and art memberships a priority in these past few years. I love it!
Well shit, that sucked.
I wanna delete
MT : RIP Junior Seau. Suicide is never the answer...call Suicide Prevention Hotline if you're upset/confused: 1-800-273-8255
Anyone know a good method of cheating calluses? I have to play a wedding tomorrow and nature isn't working fast enough.
..finals. I know you'll do a good job! :)
Life is full of ups & downs. I try to handle them all. Today I tackle my ups & downs with weights on the workout bench & against the wall.
Starting 2morrow you can get our apple fritters, cinnamon sugar donut holes, raspberry-filled donuts & cinnamon cardamom rolls!
It did look fantastic. We just unloaded our copy into the kitchen desk drawer. ;)
I'm glad I finally listened to them, good stuff! I'll probably be strummin it on my new Uke tonight.
a genre of art consisting solely of work made while on the clock at a 9-to-5
the solid rock that isn't seen.
This ride is must be seen to be believed - Be first on #XFlight - your passes at 8:12pm tonight w/
"oh yea...I see his hair" good times at the concert
Well that is a great choice if money is tight. You get the same education. Personally, I liked CC a lot.
There is a guy doing the Cwalk to dubstep
@ them! Save the world! RT : So #oomf Has Herpes
Where is your fave place to eat here in Abq. and what do you order there?
I'm not sure a wiscy TO would have helped last possession. Took them 20 secs & 5 passes to get near the 3 pt line most times
then I ate the purple grapes
i'm not like everybody else, so lets not compare me to the people that say things JUST to say it. i actually MEAN what i say.
hey! I was the guy thankful for not getting eaten. Hope to.see you again soon!
RT : I really don't feel comfortable picking courses for a 9th grader! These calls are becoming common. / Wow.
I can't wait till I can drive.
What a great idea! RT Journaling - part of my work as an #actor. And tonight - #BoardwalkEmpire season 2! :)
the crushing defeat!
Lolololol the fruit snacks :P
RT MUST squeeze in some exercise before I go completely mad.
I'm scared that you didn't get my twitlonger for the contest for NYC tickets, did you get it? Jw. D:
Go to #bizhomework.com Take the business test to know what #business you should start.
Dreams can get you in trouble.
Thanks for coming!Wish I hadn't been so busy so we could have chatted.Next time!RT Thanks for posting those pictures of #MNEarthDay!
I hate seeing my mom cry :(
A good Facebook friend is hard to find. Thanks for 'liking' us!
How just how can you wake up in the morning knowing you are over 25 and still fighting like a middle schooler #Basketballwives Smh
+1 Team Julia 4 lyfe “: I miss Dixie Carter so much.”
#RaeLynn fell apart was on POINT!
Anyone else find the #drpepper10 #drpepperten campaign highly #offensive ?!!!
OMG! why does nicki minaj gotta delete her twitter! ):
Today's Goal: Share your plans for this week with someone.
What a amazing day...Alec Bradley prensado. The best.
Hope you try out our service! Let us know if we can answer any questions for you.
Six Flags tomorrow with !!
Abraham Lincoln to the people: "Shall the Union, shall the liberties of this country, be preserved to the latest generations?"
As a kid 2012 sounded impossibly futuristic. Turns out it's just another monday. via
Just finished listening to a telemarketer leave a long message on my v-mail... Still have no idea what he is trying to sell me
Kinda wanna know !
I hope y'all kick butt!! Go Hebron :)
Back in PA for a few days... At the gym and pretty surprised to see more than a handful of people in Steelers gear after last night! Haha
RT Remember.. The more mistakes you make, the more likely you are to become stronger. - Kay-Ann
now where are u in the cosmopolitan? just saw you with pizza!
The conference is in a week and a half! Are you ready? We'll be there...
watch Volquez walk in 2 runs.
Sorry I've been so quiet. Having a hard time juggling lesson plans, other responsibilities, and webmastering. Yes, I just made that word up.
With all this snow - there's nothing better to warm your bones than chili! Can't wait to see you!
IGN Article Prometheus: Now With More Alien! - IGN via
How is I know about 45 people doing the home brew thing. When did this become popular? Everyone heading down to the local speakeasy too?
true! The only thing I don't like in ableton is multi recording. One channel at a time sucks or I'm just not hipped to it
just joined the grouply site,seeing whats up there?
RT : Beck: Mom, whenever you need to toot I can pull your finger.
Join, "The $1 Million Facebook Experiment" on Facebook. Log on to Facebook and join today!
Brunch Brunch Brunch, try the Italian version of eggs Benedict "enrico" with a 3 cheese basil polenta instead of an english muffin.
No. It's just a cause of it.
As hard to find as their Wins!
audience - need to work with other departments to become partners, need to be multidisciplinary
Have a new number, for anyone with my old # :D has my old #, ask 4 my new one if u have my old 1 :D
Yeah, it does. Other airports, take note! “: and SEA-TAC free wifi rules”
Hey Dodgers lineup? HIT IT TO LEFT FIELD.
Come out to tonite to benefit another great org who hates poverty, , at See you there!
Hello Twitter :)
Any chance my wonderful friend is awake?? We need to talk ASAP!! And maybe eat Chinese too, LOL!
Tannehill is 1st QB Dolphins have chosen in 1st Rd since Marino. The guy who played ahead of Tannehill is 5th on #Steelers QB depth chart.
Haha, you're making me blush, thank you!
Definition of a politician- A person that creates a problem and then campaigns against it
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected. - Charles Lamb
