Woo!! Rockn out 2 kings of Leon!!
Hello again
Me and In the studio rehearsing for our show in B-More Brass Monkey this Saturday, May 19th
Thanks for trying out #YouAreWhoYouFollow!
Good call
We are so excited to be going. Soon I'll try to wrap my head around it and I'll keep your expertise in mind. Thanks!
I stepped in dog shit today, it must mean good fortune.
you good
Thanks guys!
My influencers work in 3 distinct ways. Most inform my discoveries, some influence me to to think/challenge, a very few to act.
Glad to see going well for you :)
"Whatever is true, honorable, just, pure, lovely, whatever is commendable...if there is anything worthy of praise, think on these things."
Found a shirt and saw mall :)
Freaking mad my effing dog stepped all over the shirt and messed it up.. Well maybe next time
Momma didnt raise a fool. Thats why the joke is alwys on you
follow back
#thingsisayatayankeegame: hey that guys from maine!
I'm glad everybody is having fun
That awkward moment when the teacher is yelling at your friend & the class is all serious & you're about to burst out laughing.
En route to New Orleans
“: So aware of the behind the scenes "reality" of reality shows it makes it difficult for me to watch TV" do tell?!?!
Dissanayake: Art is a strategy necessary for human survival.
O yeah RT : Ooh! Everyone Head to Old Town for BOO & Brews tonight, party time! RT : beer beer an
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Have fun. Fall in love. Regret nothing, and don't let people bring you down.”
RT The "DJ" at era tonight was furiously turning knobs and hittin buttons on an APC40 that was not plugged in to his laptop.
Well now you're one step closer to getting access... sneaky sneaky.
These past couple days have made me happy, all because of him :p
follow back?
Dark chocolate with caramel and sea salt. So good.
Looks like Chrome 20 (dev) will simplify edges in canvas if it reaches a certain complexity. Chrome 18 just chokes.
According to the Bible, Moses was 80 years old when he led the Jews out of Egypt.
I hope u have a meet and greet or another concert in NY
should I even go to sleep :O
Whew! just woke up from my nap. now it's time to get ready for tonight.
Meeting tonight at 7pm at Birdie's Cafe - as always, anyone interested is welcome to attend!
post the picture thats your background on twitter! (:
I've heard Moodle is a very open platform, but difficult to set up. Do you have any resources on exploring and working with Moodle?
I'm glad to see Ivette and Nikki still here
I am a dope now I get it! Lol! I think I hit my head on tramp with the little boy. Lol
I need a job! Wheres a good place i can go to get one!?!?
one of my favorite summers ever.
Nf .. Follow back .
oh, I take you seriously. I just have been busy w/ theory that I remembered I need to reread Berryman to remind me whats pretty
thanks our pleasure to serve you, glad you were happy with the job.
There are some crazy ass noises going on in my house. Trying to figure out .if it's neighbors blasting music or the cat snoring.
am i the only one who doesnt understand math???
I apologize for the rude comments people have sent. They do not represent all of the #BBN good luck at whichever school u choose
Register for INFO 320 Fall 2011 and learn to create a database, develop research strategies, and understand information policy.
yep, lots of cushion right there
Mothers day brunch excited to try and review for kickSprout food blog
i have loved and i have lost
I cringe when people put soy sauce in rice. I'm sorry but that is just gross.
Wanting a flashing toothbrush.
Bowling w. the babes (:
Great lunch w today. He uses big words that I don't understand. I probably use small ones that he doesn't.
Improve Customer Service: Scanning reduces delays and strain on both staff & customers by providing instant access to docs online.
after how much i've done for you, this is what you do to me? woah.
Kentucky won!!! What now?! Lol
Don't have any thoughts right now. Don't have any feelings. Is this normal. Is it the new me?
Happy Mardi Gras festivities!!! What will you be doing today?
Thanks, I do my best!
Watchin Days Of Our Lives...gonna turn it to ICarly
IDGAF about most people. Blame Tyrone
BiPolarMoment: Wondering if when I get Alzheimer's I'll forget to be so depressed.
They stole one in the 2nd. “: With the 35th pick of the 2012 NFL Draft the Ravens select Courtney Upshaw.Had they kept their..
Hi Joan All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
God didn't make me to fit in he made me to stand out
that was the worst one I've seen out of all these
shes the the girl who sing the annoying song "friday"
I need change. Routine gets boring so quickly.
I'd love to go but i have to b St work n da early am. Man
Sigh lost by 16 points in darts, game 1 of Game of Games
True spirituality is not an absence of suffering. It is an honoring of it, being present to it, instead of pretending to be immune to it.
I hope my sleep deprived brain can remember all the songs.
#mmj caregiver patients don't forget it's preroll Friday and Sat! We've got some good stuff in house today. Just our way of saying Thanks!
Wow! Today is such an incredible day! Maybe that ridiculously dull dream reset something in my head, I feel like a billion bucks!
ThunderUp!! RT Mike Brown on OKC's home crowd: "Off the top of my head, it's definitely a top three building."
book your USA 7-21 day small group adventure and get 20% off for the month April!
Plaeasant House Bakery opening up for a fish fry dinner tomorrow, 964 W. 31st, Bridgeport
His technique was incredible for handling nose tackles, but if the two sides are that far apart it shouldn't happen. Cya Scott
LCSH: Dungeons and Dragons : Social Aspects
MT we all have common interests in improving & protecting our kids; much agreement re:class size, testing etc
I wake up to another blessed day in California, but it's not the place you are at. It's the place you are going. My journey has just begun
what uni's for tomorrow?
College: Mississippi State freshman Hood will transfer Mississippi State freshman Rodney Hood is leaving the program, new coach Rick Ray
yes i have learned the hard way that i need to listen to your intuition
ATTENTION GIRLS!!!: CHECK OUT THIS WEEK POST AT IT’S ALL ABOUT MAKEUP!!
Good for you for telling it like it is. I'm sure you've given him or her a great deal to think about.
I sleep like a baby and feel beyond rested in the morning. So nightie night!
Yep, that happened to me earlier today
Oh I've done that too! #edumooc2 (Blame it on the Auditory Learning type? Not sure if Learning style/type still accepted)
“: Yes, I imagine the Spring Arcade becoming LA's version of SF's Ferry Building #DTLA”
Don't you just love when your friends make plans and you're not invited, I know I do.
Get outta there you. I find myself saying this at least 6 times a day.
If in 2012 anybody notices me not using the term "anal blast" please remind me of my New Year resolution.
I hope Kyle Wiltjer crashes the Kentucky press conference and announces his departure to the NBA
Funny to hear "I Just Had Sex" playing at a major clothing store. "A woman let me put my penis inside of her" at the Gap or Walmart? Never!
Our flag is symbolic of our taxes. We get red when we talk about them, white when we get our tax bills, and blue after we pay them.
What will each candidate do to help small businesses obtain desperately needed capital? Will they direct increased $ for loans?
YOU STARING TO HARD.......DONT GET BAPPED!!!!!!
Dead hungry
Ready to see which school has the best American history program.
I don't think I can pick just one fave, it was all awesome!
I hope you stay forever alone.
Tough to win a Stanley Cup and a Super Bowl within 7 months or so, but Boston will give it a try
Potato chips for breakfast......
#Sportsbiz #sbchat RT : Follow It will be tweeting out relevant sports agent info during the
Feeling like complete crap but I guess I've got to make the best of it.
My iPod sits on my desk. I just use iTunes when I listen to music. The headphones I bought for my iPod speed up the songs :/
Gee, wonder where I can go on Sunday to escape all the #SuperBowl hoopla? Really-I couldn't care less.
On the bus going to Hollywood bowl :D.
Prior to you could really start setting financial goals, you have to determine where you stand financially.
Thank you for the mention, have a great week!
I spy at green room!
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 15
Nah! Fridays make me psychic.:-))
I don't know how I haven't watched Celebrity Apprentice this whole time, they chose the nastiest women ever for this show, it is awesome.
I love you baby!!!
I want strait A's this quarter so I guess I'm about to study? sheesh.
he's just so much better in emarosa
Baltimore bound
gotta be hard up there since its cold
At the lighthouse! Yay for booze!
TGIF and Bourbon Hour at (with Arielle)
bo if I can ever figure this stuff out I'll post it on urs.. It is beyond cute..(it has to do with beagles)
We'd love to see a few more folks Following one of our favorite actors << please show him love.
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown. - Jim Morrison
This girl is wearing black shoes and white socks. I just want to throw up on her. Not a lot, but enough so she'll go home and change.
Also turns out my agency backed 2 loans for Taylor Gourmet until they were established enough for private lenders to take a chance on :)
haha, you are right! LA is treating me well, but i am so excited to go back to Chicago for a few days during the holidays.
Hey <3 i love you
Saw #woostergroup 's & 's prod. of The Early O'Neill plays -At long last an entire ensemble in the same world onstage.
Ever since Ariana was a little girl, she's accomplished many, from gettin leads in plays and performing. She still accomplishes more &more♥
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet TREND IT! (: :D
How are ya doing today?
#hbo cancelled #howtomakeitinamerica and #boredtodeath?! Keeps enlightened?! Looks like #showtime will continue to dominate
been so long... what's been going on lol found a tight venue here in #vegas!
My wish too #NYthenNC RT : NY Senate passes gay marriage!!! Wish North Carolina could kick into gear for equality.
Milan, Lake Como, Venice, Verona for total of 2 weeks. Already thinking about how to get a teaching job there :)
I'm getting off for the night :)
I wish there was a way to quantify desperation because the #Pens would be on top easily!
See what the DL Lowry team created for Lawrence Central prom students, at 7:45 am today on Fox59.
haven't slept in 3 days, so now its about that time to watch sheep jump over the moon or was it cows? oh well, i'll watch the moon :)
I read the books during our trip to Africa. They were amazing & the movie was almost as good ;)
I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more <3
In #Whitewater with Robert Young, exec dir of the Whitewater University Research Park, a great leader for a remarkable facility.
That's weird, all these diehard Kansas fans popping up on my TL have louisville profile pics.
I am considering being late next time too! Happy valentines day girl
Cat ladies get on my nerves!
part 2 is on point. Thanks for sharing.
You just now realized this? RT : Okay... Note to self, dresses weaken men
What NOT to do when you're bored: Color your hair.
Going to be real with ya'll, Rickey Rubio can play basketball. Suddenly, the Minnesota Timberwolves are balling.
Some people feel that way about poker. But, those of us that understand the art behind the game appreciate it.
that's nice and I'm happy for you, now get your ass to Wisconsin!!
I wonder what Maurice Sendak really thought of the pile of garbage that was Jonze's take on Wild Things.
just became a member and a Facebook friend of PRX and now connected on twitter. Glad to be on board.
thanks! i'm going to see if i can get away with the free account
Happy Friday, everyone! Do you know what a YAG laser is and what it can do for you?
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead oh god! I'm leaving town
magic is everywhere...even in the smallest things :)
I ate my weight in oysters, shrimp, and champagne. Mother's Day was a success! Hope you all had a fabulous one!
Wishing everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving! I am thankful to be living in America's Finest City.
Thinking about taking a space at a Music Festival in Colorado Springs next month....
RT : Just boarded on my way back to Vegas for
": OMG what a first half, but I know what is coming up in the second.... #SpursDomination" hell yea #GoSpursGo!!!
#getrich 1) Follow Your Passion 2) Don't Be Afraid to Fail (they all did) and then 3) Give Back - I wish I would have tivo'd that one
Great tour of the ASMO facility today in Greenville, NC - Thank you to Terry Olson and his team!
RT : Gov. #TomRidge: If you want a safer, more prosperous world we must invest in #ForeignAssistance. - #USGLC Conference
Good morning, Twitter. I'm locked in that age-old battle: Firefly-Star Wars mashup tee or Skullkitty tee?
At planet fitness
haha u lookin hot girl haha like i have been ready for like 30 min
3 reviews for your delectation/condemnation:
Wise folk speak for themselves and make their own decisions. Shallow folk are slaves to the opinions of others and act accordingly.
Seersucker strapless minidress at a wedding breaks so many of my rules.
Come over right now.
in honor of #AgDay and #NutritionMonth do you have any great #leanbeef #recipes to share with us?
Shout out to all the pretty girls who love DICK
its cause were awesome.
Ugh Betty Draper is back
Well it's #SportingKC gameday...that means I'm back to doing my gameday rituals
How terrible it is to love something that death can touch
Do you have a favorite inspiring video on You Tube? I'd love some recommendations.
Milwaukee!! 1:00 a.m. Saturday near Water and Holton streets.Pedestrian Injured After Being Hit By Vehicle. Watchout people !!!!!
your a guy.. you don't have boobs.
"Have mercy on me, have mercy on my soul, don't let my heart turn cold"
RT : God has blessed so much to the point there is no way I could not pray for my enemies/strangers/friends/family.
Think you can’t have fast and fresh? Think again. Taco Time’s veggies are chopped fresh and delivered daily.
and should we choose a topic ahead of time?
then you will be in for a treat this summer! Lol.
i was happy and then i got in the car with you.
where u been niga
Go Arkansas State!! represent the A State in a Beast way!!!
I do.
What a hater! Go IU!
Im gunna try and tweet more i promise! :) ~24days<3x~
first game of the year...do we still go into #beastmode? I really need to know before I get beasty in front of my wife's coworkers
. Even worse: seen the latest one with the raucous boat party? Got a few non-white faces there, but partying instead of serving.
Burying Luck acoustic is pretty goddamn genius.
Guess who won €267?? Which is the same as $300!!!
I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
lol where u at
stupid geography teacher, why couldn't you tell us what we were supposed to study for our test tomorrow?
Come home from hooping to see my lakers getting blow off the planet 😭😭
thanks to all who came and rocked out to Easton Ashe! great time!!! big thanks to SkinnyJeans
GRIND BOLD flavor is Sulawesi Toraja.
Second block who class im Finna go to
got a macbook tablet [;
#ThanksToMyEx I know how to treat a woman right
goodnight twitter!
congrats! Have you found an apartment yet?
Did I just see a Scientology commercial during the Grammys wtf?
i don't have an attitude problem- it's supposed to be that way
someone said my band is a wannabe ... I'd disagree, but I'll take that. Yes, yes I would like to be Four Year Strong haha.
maybe we should record 's ring for you, so you can always remember us.
All the way until the last out of that game tonight, I was pretty sure Bill Hall was going to do something to beat the
Madden fans, TryOuts is hosting a tornament w/a grand prize of $1000!!! Call 210-558-6558 or go2 www.tryoutssanantonio.com 4 info
LOVE the profile pic! Love ur a #Cowboys fan too!
Waiting on my phone call.!!!! The suspense is killing me.!! #cheerLEADER.!!
Welp, with Frank gone and Lefebvre's TV roll reduced, looks like I'll be watching #Royals games on mute with the radio feed cranked.
Spend Sum'n !
RT Hey it's Monday. Smile and bat your eyelashes at a stranger. Also maybe have a dance party or something.
Okay, I get out of class at 8. But I will come! :)
Observer-Mobitel Cricket Contest will further strengthen cricketers ability
Gm sweetheart u having a good week xx
Tell us your New Year's Business Resolutions on social media! We plan to continue to stress to our clients the importance of social media!
Sounds good! Were having a mini college reunion so my schedule is in the hands of my friends, but hopefully we can meet up!
Buy a $100 model of a giant ship and spend the next four weeks putting it together and that will never happen again.
YES. Where they go, we'll follow... Even if only in spirit
Several #Chicago bars get noms for Outstanding Bar Program: The Aviary, Bar Agricole, Pegu Club, PDT, The Violet Hour
Come on, kid. Push back the Barleycorn's stop bc of the presser so that I can stop by after class.
Wish you the best wherever you end up. Wish it were with Pads.
how embarrassing. 😁
yikes! Dam well i need to hurry my ass up! Lol
Chocolate makes everything better. Except obesity
yeah buddy! Registrations should be up and running very soon - we'll have the big fixed shortly...thanks for your patience!
If you're tweeting you must not be dancing. At least dance a cumbia for me.
and hopefully the next 4 or 5...
I used to follow him on twitter...always tweeted a bunch of nonsense. Quit following...
Kenny Powers and Eastbound and Down: so epically awesome!
Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
The moon has a nice "not-that-much-bigger-than-usual" look to it tonight.
2.5 hours, 3 stores, & 3 completely CLUELESS sales associates later, I have my PSP. Great price...Not sure it was worth the hassle
have a tumblr my kid does for me can't remember!!
Happy Birthday, Shakespeare!
hahah I got u!
I don't like feeling forced to do something. Everything has changed. I'm sorry my man is more important than our fucked up friendship.
it is fun learning to do more than one thing well. .
The 10th annual Wing-Fest in Buffalo this weekend for those that are looking for a last minute mini-vacation before school starts!
Amazing new
Congrats on new position!!
Some people believe that officers and prosecutors can be reasoned with, without the help or advice of an attorney. BIG MISTAKE!!
Mom, Dad, and Terry Kisses!
I don't understand. What is the point of being a secretary if you're not going to help the people who call your business?!
Nothing quite like getting my ass handed to me to wrap up this Friday.
If politicians would simply do their inner work, work through their insecurities, fears and egos, they'd work together for the Greater Good.
Is happy to announce the launch of our new Traditional Indian Wedding Package- Call (405)879-7015 and book your consultation today.
Happens to me all the time. But I just find her with her laugh. It's really loud. Haha!
What's up my people.... I'm Drinking Cisco I'm Drinking Cisco....LOL
#knitting in the car :D I have to finish this hat! (no worries someone else is driving....) ;)
Got my summer calculus homework today
We want to say congrats to - for helping spread the word, you won a $50 Sephora GC! (cc )
I'm so glad that Zynga has added "spam Facebook" to their list of "annoying things we have done."
SHUT UP! That's where I went to undergrad (and where I saw for the first time)!!! SO FUN!
can't wait to see Manny in the ring...
o tough one but i choose chillin with Austin shirtless.....yum
Thanks for the follow Jon! I'm looking forward to your tweets. Cheers!
great product. You need one for every room in the apt.
Good after noon twitter friends! !!
THNX But we couldn't do it without you!
???? You talking bout AO...yea he there...
go to target!
w/ management booking shows for the summer, where should i perform @?
Buffalo Chicken Wing Pizza.
Ikr y'all need to find out wen everybody gon b free...yu kno how y'all females b lbs
crack is a hell of a drug lol
shit All of you are #banging :)
Yay I just found five dollars in my pant pocket. Happy 
In training for Power School Studio Edition
#EmailMarketing Tip 16: watch frequency. Don’t overload the in-box, top reason for unsubscribes. Offer frequency choices....
Keep your game sharp by "putting it on the blade". Right ???
Houston Hoops finish Nike #EYBL regular season w/12-3 record after loss to B-More Elite (47-42). Still #1 in Division & Peach Jam Bound!
son my friend
its chill dummy :p jk haha no problem
Its funny how wen u really want sumone they don't b on dat..but soon as u ova them thats wen they show all this interest
twitter is telling me who to follow..........it is showing mitt romney's twitter account. um, no thanks.
everyone been saying that
Show 's new publishing house some love and follow , por favor!
Working on a #skydiving movie right now #timelapses #air and #love from the light. Beautiful behind the camera watching the sun go down.
There is no need of any competition with anybody. U R yourself, and as U R, U R perfectly good. Accept urself" — Osho
MFME stands for my favoirte movie ever
Amazing concert! So tired..
It sucks when you're ignored by the person who's attention is the only thing you want in the world.
Nice article, Tom. Thanks!
Might have to fire up the generator
I Know , Thank God
on the recording stage NOW!!- STAINS OF NEWARK
I actually know someone who was on that ship. They'll be on GMA tomorrow morning.
Thanks for the RT! Have a happy Tuesday!
1550 steps toward the goal
RT : no problem just seen the newest eposide, show needed to be a hr! <<We're working on that for next...
hey mama! I figure that you're not getting my texts because I ain't gettin no reply, but let's hangout today!
check out 2020 cycle, they have a good used collection
Love you too Andrea :) Have an amazing day. Don't forget to meet BTW I got tweeted from her. ;)
Thank you very much bradjar, all the support we can get is much appreciated!
: Cute as shit! If u wasnt on dat phone i woulda went smack...
I knew it was you sitting down there! I was there too, on the right side. I got some good pics as well. Micci
from the dirty to shoreline blvd,get ya mind rite my flow ice cold im pimpin blonde dikes,my niga tunrned 1 n 2 ,3 its called strechin the d
I'm really tired
I don't believe I have, sir. lol
there not as cheap as the other ones but trust me well worth it
RT : Starting Thursday if u park at a #DC parking meter that has a red top you will be ticketed or towed
OMG. My house swayed.
AMEN sister! My pick too.
Thank you. :)
where r u playin?
Goodnight! When I wake up I will be in VACATION MODE
Hunger Games, all the way
Fuck Everyone! Including YOU :)
I am liton. I want to Developed My Carrier by the Financial Marketing Site. now i am Working in odesk.
RT TheOzPrinciple: What you are getting is what you create accountability for.
as Long as I been on here ain Neva seen tweet such harsh shit like this I hope yhu feel betta boo ♥ :)
Sweet Sixteen again! Congrats to Buzz and the #mubb boys
You are WAY to kind! Good Tweeting w/ you, LOmAX! ;)
But you know I just want you to take care of yourself.
Hey can u follow me plz
Good morning! Writing day will kick off in an hour. How is parenthood treating you?
I turned old, friend.
the president comes to town today. hes probably waiting in line to check in for his flight right now. i wonder if they waive his bag fees?
Heeeyy. I just followed : )
Setting up Twitter account with help from crew! Thanks &
I love bossing people into reading books! :D
if you have xboxlive, please try Bloodycheckers indie game for 80 ms points !!
Shocking... #not RT : UK's Davis, Kidd-Gilchrist, Teague, Jones & Lamb will all enter NBA Draft
You're a gold star student!
the brain! Haha
A fantastic rehearsal tonight for Alive. Some scary shit, people. Now, I come out to a clearing, moonlit night that smells of autumn.
has the best twitter wallpaper ever. End of story.
Answers to Groupon Questions: Yep, everyone is welcome to buy it! Old and new clients alike. Cheers!
Koral is a breath of fresh air for Bellevue foodies!! :) dig it.
no I am definitely lucky! Good to meet you!
Definitely give user #24 tickets.
i love the game you all played today it was lovely and i knew you was go kick they arr
Oh you better get ready because they are coming!
"We seem to have a Solon or Lycurgus in every second or third town and district." --Boston Committee of Correspondence, 1773
I don't think that tools need to be simple per se but I am all for investment and high payoff. What else but R?
gotta keep trying never gonna stop til i reach my goa;
see u around then..
haha all done in one night #Stressed but atleast we didn't have like paper numbers :P
-Twitcon is pretty ;)
RT featured in today's article giving the inside scoop and practical tips on commercial auditions http ...
I don't find that funny
Yo Gary!! The Bike Line, in Indianapolis is a Top 50 Gary Fisher dealer!! Woot Woot!
Heyheyhey. Come to y friends soccer game with me and my bestfriend kat tomorrow and I'll love u forever
yes i know. But one of the sides is called a madonna. The right. As the lady who pierces me said so.
Hmm. Stab my eyes with a screwdriver or read the comments section of the Journal Sentinel Scott Walker "God has a plan for us" article?
RT : Im so excited to be on the list! I can't wait to come perform for teenhoot fans! meet you guys (:
Reverbnation actually, ain't no rock like midwest rock. And congrats on the number one! Check us out our links in our bio!
Thank you everyone for all the new follows this week! Together we can make a difference to drive social change
in our newsroom this a.m.
I don't understand twitter.
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you. -Will Rogers
If you think dogs can't count, try putting 3 dog biscuits in your pocket and then giving Fido only 2 of them. ~Phil Pastoret
and a wordpress..what, they have updated the back too with these slick jquery effects.
"nobody" wants "somebody" that's been with "everybody"
Anyone who thinks that brilliant academics cannot be kind should meet Jim Faubion. His graciousness never ceases to impress me.
RT Who wants a free Nick Lowe LP? Shoot us a tweet with #istillbuyrecords. We'll pick one winner at 5pmE.
Government information is of use to people and the reverse is true - paraphrasing Malamud at
U're in IL? 90 min from my house! Dude, next time plan your trip better! lol
his name was Rodney "Quills" Jenkins. LMAO
gum balls yum
Once upon a time your mother was a whore...then you were born. The end.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Yet another congrats to RE their $9 Mil round. Sam, Beth and team are great. A must have app for biz travelers.
shut up
I love them
Muuuaaah hah hah... RT It's Monday. You're already at least halfway to the Dark Side. Admit it.
i'd say that's a good guess
Cool! and won tickets to #wcreno courtesy of WooThemes! @ reply with your Woo-powered site to win yours
It is in my pasta as we speak, increasing the deliciousness 12-fold. I am listening to as well.
topanga? #Americanting lol can't stop saying gOod luck!!! The chem exam will go well♥
Jazz is main course: trumpet, flugle horn, percussion: but been away awhile. Writing books direction now with counseling.
Treat her exactly how she deserves to be treated or watch someone else do it..
I mean the obnoxious generic beat they put on it
Aztecs vs Bruins at Wooden Classic just got really interesting with Shabazz Mohammed announcement.
Congrats to Tina and Alex Byland!! :)
and we are in your basement
Jello and rainbows seem to be the theme on Pinterest today...anyone else seeing this?
Launching 2 websites this week. Looking for a new client that is looking for a new website or a
Finish off this sunny Seattle day with a cocktail at The Upstairs! Bartenders choice (it rotates) is just $5 at happy hour, 5-8pm.
Aint life grand today. I sure wish people would give Obama a chance and stop expecting miracles.
Today Is Gaga's Day Sweet 26 Mother Monster Happy Birthday Lady Gaga!
ok follow me back then
what for reals! Seriously I wanna go. Which 24 do you go to? I just got back from the gym and I'm all sore.
Tweet dreams! Say your prayers!
I guess it's time to go back to being closed off again.
There are a handful of people whom money won't spoil, and we count ourselves among them
RT Tomorrow is my son Bday...he gonna be nine:) .....awww that's the age of my son. ...
NHS funds dental study on alternative caries treatment
Thanks to (Dan Christopherson), (adam bjaranson) for an unforgettable eating contest!
dont worry chey, I got your back.
fuck this day and everyone in it
omg so cnt wait to hear it.. plzzz notice me :(
Brawny Paper Towels are
Today's BTU inspiration: "Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress." ~Mahatma Gandhi
Letting the original speaker have the voice rather than placing interpretation on it allows other stories to come through as well.
8 mile run
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something. F D.R
if i roofied you id have raped you. That didnt happen so you didnt get roofied.
“: I swear phones should have breathalyzers... #seriously”. So damn true
Spelling sliders with a 'z', as in sliderz, does not make me want to eat fish from a gas station. #justsayin'
I have always hated notre dame, and this just adds to it.
YOU DIDN'T NOTICE? No, not my new hairdo (business in the front/party in the back) you didn't notice our sweet new home page WWW.IRS.GOV
jones should be a nice addition and losing suggs do hurt but it doesn't make or break the team anything can happen
I wish they would make a coffee maker that wouldn't start until I had my cup under it. Not like I had my coffee yet.
I know dats rite bout wat u tweeted
I dont believe what Miley believes hun and there is one God and then heaven and hell.
I don't know what the future may hold, but I know who holds the future. ~ Ralph Abernathy
sounds like an uninformed opinion since you do not know what was presented in his hearing. Facts could be on Braun's side.
Guess I'll be getting Corner Bakery or something from the cafeteria for lunch. I'm not going out there fucking w/that rain...
has been a tremendous help organizing for April 26th
I'm not sure if the Reds are a bad team - I don't think they're BAD - but they sure are playing awful baseball right now. Let's go Redlegs!
Our resident glass artist brought in new cast & fused glass pendants. Lots of bright colors for you.
Ok so i asked a guy out to the movies and he said yes, but it wasn't just any guy, i like him (:
maybe they're testing to see if we're over the $10k Perry bet fiasco.
So Garnett just push a ref's hand away and only get a technical???
Can we make that image the icon for the Stand-Up skype chat?
,not surprised.
then go to sleep
Melbourne clinic closing down during 40 Days for Life - 361 babies ...
Some people need to remember family comes first before anything else. Dont get it twisted!
We should all want a smarter more effective government. When we act together there's nothing the US cant achieve - President Obama
Thanks for the link. Any improvement to student experience is a plus. I'll keep an eye on developments.
tweeted ur sister, she's probably trying to figure out who it is. Ask how u & Xander r! Hope u r doing well. Give Xander a hug!
I second that RT Good job last night #TeamRockBox with 2 sold out shows for
good im winning the poke wars on fb lol
Bring unwanted craft supplies to #ducf2011. will accept 'em at her my marigold table. Small Craft will resell 'em at a future event.
Thanks for the reminder; I bout SAGA last week but couldn't download it until today. I loved it!
43% off at the COSMOPOLITAN in ! 2 Night Stay Nov 25-27 + TWO Club admissions...Whose ready to party it up in ?!
Gotta love a Tuesday night slump buster!!
Uniqueness is definitely part of why I like outsider art. Maybe it's just personal taste and defies easy articulation?
One of the most effective methods to attain resources to manage your company is receivables factoring
it was way to close for comfort!
I really hope it snows in Atlanta tonight. No work, no school means I can relax!
thanks jenna. could be Rocky workout music too. ": love your bio"
why u trippin
hahahaha. We are the apocalypse
Did anyone know #gunsnroses is releasing a new album? When will #Axel stop?
8 days left of school
Basketball tickets for next Saturday's game sold out in about an hour! So crazy. Loving this school spirit
We are getting ready for a host of tune-up shows before we make our apollo show in Sept. we got something new on youtube.
fight me.
Something about Eminem is so hot
we're missing you! We brought tomato juice especially for you...
Key Note Speakers Include: Barbara Poppe, Executive Director, U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness
Had Carmina Burana tickets but got dumped & now listening to a bunch of lonely monks whine about not getting any doesn't sound fun. :-(
Of customers surveyed, how many were handed a prototype? The customer is not wrong, it's how the data was collected that's wrong.
no. hahahah. but my dad is gonna teach me soon!
Next opportunities for speakers: Saturday at 9 a.m. at the LCPS Administration Building in Ashburn.
Animated fruit frighten me.
T shirts gradually became the favorite garment of every generation, from toddlers to teenagers to pot bellies.
A marine was discharged for writing on Facebook "I will not follow all orders from [Obama]" (among other things about the president.)
glad to be following <3
Wouldn't feel like NYC without someone singing Grease Every night around midnight in the apt above me.
thank you again for a very informative hour!
I just finished 4 seasons of Babylon 5. While a fun show, the most memorable parts were the curled bangs.
Hey, idk if I should do a broadcast right now. You want me to?
TY so much!
Do you think the media is making too big a deal of the Rex Ryan situation? #Jets. He didn't do anything wrong here.
What time do the Heat have to get those unis back to the shuffleboard squad at the retirement home? Go #Cavs!
Anxious for some #Redskins football!!
Just booked 2 nites @ hotel in Erie for my 'writer getaway wknd' that cost less (combined) than designer jeans I will wear all said weekend.
": SONGWRITERS ARE THE REAL SUPERSTARS!!!! #WRITINGSESSIONSAMERICA” where's the email??
I'm going to Arlington to see Kelly Willis in concert on Sat. Bring back any memories from your Austin days?
added you. do you play scramble with friends?
GREAT DECISION! By Rip….
def got some copies of the port side flying around here at the honnold cafe...
Watching That 70's Show!
#follow us for information about economic #consulting, #marketing, #graphic #design, and #small business
thanks for RT all of a sudden I have these BroScience tweeps following me. What is broscience?
I regret waisting all this money on a shity band that didn't even go ANYWHERE! Fuck it tho... this is the last time I form a band together.
Tigers/Sox too? I know just the place 4 TAILGATE
Thank you.
A4. contd. Supportive and concurrent therapy can help begin, strengthen recovery and evaluate the effectiveness/interaction of meds.
hahahaha u silly what's up lol
On our way to Orlaaaanndddo! :)
I'm at a loss why a change was even needed. I liked the old logo just fine.
Rev. Stuart: "this discriminatory law does not reflect our values"
NVM. I get it now
I Love ONE TREE HILL!! :D
Carlos Guillen provided some great memories: walk-off vs NYY at 2:30 AM, Jared Weaver, and countless other big hits
so happy for you man!! Can't wait to see some pics of the rings!!
I've come to realize that tattoos hurt more after than they do during LOL
I just watch fight videos like skate park fights and skateboarders fighting with security guards those r funny
You KNOW I'm down for a hoops game. I got two words why the Pols don't want none of the UT in football: Billy Ray.
No one knows how to use the four way stop or roundabouts anymore. They are all "good drivers" though.
Much thanks!
God CBS announcers are terrible at getting players names right, sheard and taylor are two totally different names!
Ha! Better your head than your heart
#modevux I think we'll be hearing the word "fork" often today.
Super Customer Experience: Leaders, Are You Attitude Ready? by <my comments added>
Parents are in town. Headed to the Old Fashioned for a fish fry. If they ask nice, I might even let them buy.
love what you all are doing ! we'd loved to feature you in our new mag. Premiere issue coming soon
We kicking it tomorrow after bro.
ha matt mesigue!!
I'm not here to live a mediocre life.
calling a douche bag a stupid hoe
thanks keeping us all posted the past few days! Let's hope this WHS is a step in the right direction!
are you coming to boston anytime soon ?
Oops. I ment Klaus and Rebecca. Im hoping Elijah will team up with the salvadors; they better watch out for Bonnie's mom
Thank you so much! :)
That would fall into the category of “The Generic Fallacy.”
It's #snowing still," said Eeyore gloomily. "So it is." "And freezing." "Is it?" "Yes," said Eeyore.
Thanks to , the Kernochan Center and June Besek for the wonderful program today with Paul Aiken of
Day 2 #MayDaze. Trying to catch and co. today.
music or tuna - always a difficult choice.
Saved By The Bell!
All I have consumed today are donuts and tofu
Hillary Clinton Faces Heckler During Speech, visit www.tncnews.com click on Video News
Let's hope for a cooler day manana!
MT LOVE the tech how-to's section. lots of my coworkers don't do #flannelfriday because the tech overwhelms them-this is helpful!
you bust girls and your friends are too cool!
Awe, I miss you too. Wanna stop by class tomorrow and see you and the new place!
I know - it's so true!
Remember when the Saints turned the ball over 3 times and the 49ers went up 17-0 on way to a blow out? That was cool, it lasted 6 minutes.
i'm tweeting you the whole show
is hollywood as hell. You missed 30 free throws, tried to be a hero an smoked dame smh
Big day at work today!
Remember when you almost pushed him over? Lmao good times
hahah woahhh! they must be so alike! hahah totally!
Off to work
Playing tonight at Sundy's. Come check it out around 9 pm. Hope to see you there!
Working on the web site and admin stuff....where are the parties at this weekend?
Dawg I wanna goto them beach -.-
Dont be insecure your heart is pure
Bad news for Carlos Marmol owners RT : Sveum finally considering a change at closer. Names Russell and Dolis as his options.
But what up doe
COMING SOON: A downloadable version of our User's Guide - learn all about Fonts HD! Also coming: 2009 Fonts Inventory - see what we got!
#Dance tonight to the sounds of last night was crazy lets do it again tonight!
It happens. If the Pack weren't in the playoffs, I'd be rooting for the Falcons.
cause you need to lol
juan has it
Dear , please forgive me.... Drawing a tweed jacket at #drawsomething was harder than I thought it would be, I cheated
:-) what's the other part
take a ice bath
QUROSS' B-DAY CELEBRATION AT PO' BOYZ IN FOLSOM WITH CONFLICT MINERALS AND MARCH INTO PARIS. DON'T B E SQUARE YOU FOLKERS!!!! -CONXMIN-
classic “: "Oil Spill Turns up Trove of Indian Relics". Indian? Really? What year is your copywriter still living in?”
Moving up in the weight room is one of the greatest feelings ever. Still haven't turned any heads yet, so back to the weight room tomorrow.
in Austin we're up in the middle of the night watching a storm; in Tahrir Square 1 year anniversary #jan25 may the storms pass peacefully
RT : Let's go to the place on the corner.
Maybe I'll get lucky & American Horror Story will be on Demand and/or on Hulu at some point. Or maybe for free on iTunes? (crosses fingers)
Remember that sweet more calories. It is natural that we have cravings for sweet things especially chocolates and other confectionary
lol thank you . Hows your son doing ?
This Beachboy Addition lol Follow us spread the word
u okay??? “ Neither time nor alcohol helps how unhappy I am here. I tweet so I remember exactly how miserable I am in Tampa.”
haha, you must ;) what part of PA?
what? you are crazy. Howard the Duck is amazingly 80s. Wouldn't be bad if it was redone as an animated movie kids-type movie though
": The time you take worrying about the next man should be the time you use to better yourself"
I have 100 standup shows under my belt, I'm entry-level, I find myself being more appreciative of comedians, it's a tough grind
I realized that I’m more inclined towards the calm and personal approach
tonight giving out tix for KISS THE SUMMER HELLO 2012 and backstage with
Sorry can't take a picture of my awesome Easter meal, because it's in me belly!
Driving back to DC now. Went 0/2 in tourneys but did well in the cash games. Won a 7k pot today at 5/10.
Thank you for another successful morning at - we'll see you this Thursday for another round. :)
Definitely trapped inside one of those "is this my life" moments...
Will be running at Lapham Peak in the morning. Will be nice with the rain.
Dora been killing the game with the muffin top and the killer bangs for a minute...
I can't wait till u come back 2 Chicago 
Peter now you can DM her and ask her out like we've been talking about! Allie, leave the helmet at home please
okay girl :D
everybody is talking but not really saying much because they just wanna hear their own voices.
Keep your paws off my longneck. (yes)
lol there's always something getting in the way in my dreams. Once I dreamed I was gonna do it but the guy had no butthole. Scary.
This is exciting news! Partners in the Fight for Immigration Reform that Moves America Forward « NAFSA: Association of International...
Uptown Saturday Night
oh, can't wait to see that.
Winding up an idyllic weekend in Quogue-- swimming, croquet & kadima, plus lots of grilling & eating. Now with added thesis work!
Next week, right?
Cool! I haven't drank in a long time... Tonight is Tequila and beer. WOO HOO
Sheesh, thanks Idaho senate for mandating ridiculousness, um, it's 2012...women vote.
I got the last one lol the other two was that sister2sister cuz Trey was in it :)
Yes, but Buffet's secretary didn't declare the $50M bonus she got in Dairy Queen gift cards from Warren, did she?
Kidnapped - Extremely well done, well acted, and well written up until the final two minutes. Then it's gratuitous for gratuity's sake.
gahhhh I threw up
I use to cut up oranges and put them on my desk while I did HW because I read the citrus scent keeps you awake and alert :)
RT : Josh Hamilton has 17 home runs. The Cubs have 19.
BainCapital is the bane of my existence. They own Clear Channel who spouts the vile crap of Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Glenn Beck, etc.
please follow me i have an important question about joining your fathers broadcast, Impact network.
"Pink Lady is a superior apple." -- My brain, in the voice of Larry King, when I open the vegetable crisper
ahh, a quiet house today, hoping to get lots accomplished! Garden, errands, photos, art, and nice dinner...
Really don't wanna go to Mrs Clark
I want it all back
Thanks for the follow!
ok an yu styled
I like eating breakfast while watching Hey Arnold it's becoming a habit
Palmetto Bay council may be soon taxing parking in the FT&I district - Parking meters on the street side parking.
ya I remember u were working with some scary ass ghetto kids before.
tomorrow starts work on wigs for a production of #senseandsensibility. a little more #janeausten in my life can't hurt!
Hey there! Are you around tomorrow morning by any chance? I need some help with something--if you're game ;)
this building is going to be really happy that its kwhr usage dropped by 40893% last year
get mintzplasse to follow me please bro can you tell him for me when you get this ok
BUFFALO CHICKEN DIP<3
So did I!! Whoops, I blame the drinks. RT : #shehechat sorry forgot my hashtag
if u carry all that bass, quarters etc then you are a bad bitvh then
apparently. I think he would have done better picking anyone else. I don't like Quaresma.
I've always wondered if other people get that feeling! Why do we feel this way? I most recently got it after reading The Passage.
Puto, the fuck u at?! That crackerjack phone die? Lolol. Stop with that prepay shit papi. Call me at the crib
I have someone here who was hurt at one of your locations by one of your employees. You have a responsibility to your customers.
Thanks to the 100's of people who stopped by our booth at the Expo West to sample our desserts & sip espresso. Which was your favorite?
glad to help!
I'm incorporating so many long words into my essay.. Gosh, I feel smart. :P
#NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe 3
- BIG MISTAKE - HUGE!
“: Tried to follow you, but damn, you are gross! #NotFiestasFault” hahahaha for real? Hahahaha
it is on the list for sure!
Oh man, FLA ties it up
$NFLX Hastings: Surpassing Bittorent in unique visitors 'huge,' given worldwide piracy concerns.
never a dull landing at the burbank airport
2-time defending national champion Augusta State men's golf team playing close to home, 8th seed in Athens, GA Regional (via )
you can have him :)
:D Iam very sorry your wasting ur time on me
ok I will :) tell him I say hi even though i don't know him :P
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
I had that image posted since 2 days ago ! xD I thought you saw it :P
This old man I met once sends 100s of forwards. I ask to be taken off his list. He refuses, ccs my uncle, calls me mentally unbalanced. ...
Ok guys still having computer worked on. I will be working on website later tonight hopefully and shipping calendar orders by morning
They got and done. 3 more to come!
are you tweeting and playing softball?
Why are people afraid to fail? Loosen up a little , failure changes your direction towards success.
I'm with y'all. I dropped out of so-called support groups a long time ago.
lol I just saw this!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY NINJA!!!!
Once ppl realize what they let go was good, why do they think it's so easy to get it back in a blink of an eye??
The Biblical symbol of the presence of God is not a cross but a fire.
Congratulations to the 15-2 #Packers on a great season. Hopefully this means I'll get more quality time with
Black conservatives would not be able to sip at a public fountain or have their mainstream voice had it not been for civil rights struggle
it's straight. Wby?
I'm not sure what you're tweeting about!
are you the father of kane???
they know not what they speak of
I would, but I ordered bbq
Thanks to all of our supporters. Enjoy your holiday! From, A Whale of a Tale
Sorry for the delay. Personally, I haven't eaten there, but I know a boss who loves NOLA, so perhaps. What was your fav?
I'M GOING AND I GETTING V.I.P
today is sucky
you will not be sorry. have fun.
I'm way to stubborn.
Colabing with From West Africa! On I.C.E Squad Records!
some music videos are so weird, how do they even think of them.
fun fact of the day: the powerpuff girls used to be..."the whoopass girls"! (courtesy of OMG facts)
“: I feel reckless, stupid. I WANNA PARTY.” I'm getting the feeling maegan wants to get fucked up. (: and wants to PARTAAAY.
Nothing's better than than jogging a mile. Everybody should do it.
I want a boy who cares for me and treats me with respect but I know that that boy hasn't shown up yet Mood = lonely *(-.-)*
Agh. So octopi is wrong because it mixes Greek and Latin roots. I knew it sounded funny!!
How are all of you zendaya fans doing out there :)
Bout to take it 2 head 💨🔥
"The most stressful thing you can do is try and stay where you are and hold on to what you've got." Think multiply not stagnate. Sullivan
I shouldn't let it bother me, but when Nate Shelman calls it the Democrat Party, I question his maturity and his intellect.
Drop it RT : Might drop this little remix I just did.. What y'all think?
on my way to my football game. gettin excited for football season!
fuck larry hahhahahaha floyd was dominating n e way so i rather see a nigga get dropped than floyd win in 12 hahahah
Can you follow me??????
I think so....I don't feel like I should personally remember items that are in a museum...at least not at my age.
You live in your own social prison.
please follow me <3 I love yoou
iPads are on the way for my teachers; any recommendations on must have apps?
Ditto. I posted it about 30 min ago. So far, so good. :)
I hate that u did not get to come with us
Have a bruise? Here is a natural remedy; use a cold compress of witch hazel, follow with a cold compress of fennel or lavender.
and makeup! guilty!
how's the ear look?
Don't worry - Cooper will save you. Oh, wait...
i like your background!!
Other things may change us, but we start and end with family. - Anthony Brandt
Woke up and did easter hunting! .... Oh what funn ;p
#SpringBreak I MISS YOU!!!! ):
is looking forward to running in the LA Rock & Roll Marathon with my wife, Eileen Prudhont, tomorrow
Congratulations to for the great write up in the !!
It's so hot, I can't even sleep.
You're right.. (hangs head in shame)
it's pretty depressing to think that you don't notice or follow me. </3 #FollowMeAustinMahone!?
I know... It wasn't very bunny at all.
hehe u welcome!! let's get started!!!! woot woot!!
good shit I liked our draft if those rookie WR do work and shaub stays healthy, afc championship at least
idgaf he's sexier okay
Just made 4 copies of my bachelors degree for relatives. Its funny how we work so many years for one sheet of paper
hey every one
thanks! Are you a lynch lover or hater?
we got front row!
On Celebrity Apprentice Lisa Lampanelli claims that Lou Ferrigno is a bully. Lisa is even more foul mouth and vicious than Lou!
Pretend. Release. The Close.
u stay in raleigh
Aw, thanks! Better late than never!
The sub in this class is stupid :p
They're just "links". All links are hot!
Why do The Thunder have to play the night before finals start. Finals or Thunder game or finals or Thunder game?
TY for the 63 Moldovan Cab/Saparavi blind tasting wish I brought my phone to dinner to snap a pic!
IT'S AIR CONDITIONED!!! But, is there an on-board restroom?
AIR HUG
Looks great. Can’t wait to see more.
yeah no winner here!!$
Campin this weekend with Dad
leaving San Antonio?
love it!! And I feel is true for me too.
i know but hell never cme here
Why must I always have a Friday final
oh yeah!
love shakespeare but not this late at night. Good luck studying!
happy friday!
Not sure what makes me more nervous tonight, Martin Brodeur or Time Warner's reliability.
I should be sleeping rn, but no I'm packing-__- ...so mad.
plz follow me
Are you at the Carrier Dome? That's biger than Rupp.
vs. game is set for 11/19 this year. In honor of the game we're giving away a copy of Harvard Beats Yale 29-29. RT to win!
That's what I said when I was 17 and graduated high school there. hahaha.
Yeah Im Filipino =) and You?
We are finding lots of Cool Websites Today! In Particular FB Wedding sites. See our Likes if you are Knotting it Up with someone!
Social Media Marketing is not about creating more noise, but the delivery of useful, relevant information to people when they need it most.
Loved failure series, keep thinking ab it. Makes me think that reg guests don't rly know why they succeed. Bring it back?
this week is taking forever to end .
It's a great day to be a window repair man
I never let a woman fall in love with me unless we're the same blood type. You never know when you might need a kidney.
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving weekend! :)
My mom is home:) going out to dinner. God i missed her<3
Ok! What corner?
Hi! How are you?
I think maybe just 'grumpy old guy'
C brown
I finally like one Bieber's song - Boyfriend. Perhaps it's due to the fact that his voice has finally showed some kind of bass.
I'm really starting to get upset. I don't want to leave Calvetica, but it just is so slow! What's the progress on the 4.4?
Great news. Let us know the details.
im going to bed and if u want to know my xbox live gamertag its: rockster2000
This episode of #smash is so intense..
OMG! I'd not allow you to say that about ur legs! BTW thanks for the compliment- right back at ya !
Goodnight Tweeps, I needs my Sleep before I get Hungry at 3:OO am like I always Do, Damn Routine or should I say feeding schedule xD LMAO.
Hey , where’s that fancy schmancy reflector dish technology from last year? #2c saves characters for meaningful conversation!
just submitted to for first time with a #TwinPeaks inspired design … may be too minimalist for them to sell, but fingers crossed
Yup! She will also bring you bread.
This semi trucks drivers are a disgrace to society.
anyone know any spectacular graphic designers?
Need a cuddle buddy?
Ok kids are in bed I need a live webcam of an Irish bar so I can live vicariously though the internets. I have Guinness and Irish cheese.
How I love getting searched for drugs -__-
Happy to cross post 5c infographic. also u can embed onto your blog as is - just copy code from embed tag on LHS.
Sometimes you're the bug and sometimes you're the windshield... No seriously this windshield is dirty as fuck!
thanks for the tweet! how can we help you? message us anytime!
#WebGreekTip - Easily create, edit & collaborate on chapter docs inside your cloud, no need to download/upload anything! Please ReTweet
On the air now at 99.9 FM V100 or www.V100.fm. Will enjoy going thru the Friday Workday with you!
dont forget we have a quidditch match tomorrow against griffendor
And there is nothing in life so meaningless as the score at halftime.
Great mind clearing workout or as my lindita says "inflation session" hahaha she is to funny lolz peace n love ya'll
I think Barbara is gone!
Iron Lion Zion
":I hope you wake up and it suddenly hits you;that there will never be anyone, who will love you as much as I have loved you."
what's better than following you on twitter, ernie halter's mom following you!!! :)
The sudden and terrifying realization that if you don't get in the shower RIGHT NOW, someone else will.
I hate when I get a call from the Red Cross that there is a blood shortage and then need my blood. I arrive and there's an hour wait. :(
Torrid is the way to go then! But girl....you haven't seen my junk haha
officially shrinkage season in NY
did ya ever ponder...WHAT'S NEXT FOR ME? I am pondering...right now!
Check out the new schedule tab on www.southeastinstitute.org
Ladies.. Hoes will NEVER admit they Hoes unless they Girlfriends tell her she a Hoe. Otherwise she gone think she just fine!
youtube on some fuck shit they blocked my movie depression
I do not want to wake up! Pushed my Alarm twice
Buenos Dias :) I hope you have a lovely Monday <3 xoxoxoxo
BBQ Is The Best Smell Ever!!!
I'm junderwood25 on DrawSomething if anyone wants to play.
In the 18th century in Prussia, if you had a stutter you may have been treated by having the tip of your tongue cut off!
You guys were absolutely AMAZING tonight! Thanks so much for coming out to ETSU! Come back to JC soon! :)
": DID KEIFFAH JUST QUESTION HOW I RAISED ? WHO RAISED HIM? HIS FRIGGIN' GREEN HOODIE?”
At Steph's MRI appointment to see whether or not she needs knee surgery.
I will be on the office all day today & tomorrow. Stop in for a one on one 2820 Jones
I will blow up Facebook/Twitter with photos LOL.
Music is the soul of life...
RT : One of the hardest parts of #parenting is knowing when to stay quite. via <- Especially with teenagers!
#Capricorn are often actors that become directors & producers. Most respected, their presence is formidable. They r timeless, unforgettable
« « I'm no longer getting my hopes up.»»
Oh yeah, can lick my balls.
I bumped into walking around the city at lunchtime, I wish I had radar so I could find good developers all the time.
Yup! You'll be entered by liking our page and submitting an entry via our For Fans app! Unfortunately, not available via mobile.
Guess what? I have school tomorrow. lol.
yes! It's technically San Diego.
Been going gluten-lite the past few days. Quinoa pasta: major win. Wheat-free waffles: no idea why these even exist.
Overheard at dogs against Romney: "what did Romney say about dogs?!?"
we will miss you this weekend.
Did you really think it was going to be all hearts and flowers today from the likes of Hellfire Publishing? Well you were wrong…dead wrong!
Happy mothers day to all you beautifil mothers out thurr!!!
RT : Need To Wish My Friend A Happy Birthday . She Loves Him . Mention( ) Her Star .
Sandag staff makes case for why agency should restart merit raises for employees, saying staff does "more than just laying down cement"
I focused on exercise and staying healthy in order to get back out on the ice
LoL RT : The new is great. Its like , except for people with brains.
De Graaf: GDP is a post-Depression measure for how "well being," but it doesn't measure happiness.
What wonderful company to be in!
thanks man. Just to let you know that's not one of our products.
yup i did i had 2 i luv yall so much lol
Robert has that nice post-gig glow going on.
Got an ASYRA test done to find allergies & imbalances. Strongly recommend. NO NEEDLES! W.mosthelpfulhour.com
Thanks for the RTs!
Dont let anyone tell you that you're too young to do something. A baby shark is still a shark.
Studies at Anderson Labs, international experts report that mice have dropped dead after breathing some new carpet fumes.
Seeing The Hunger Games for a second time. :D
wow that's rude well she is missing out on fun, sweetness, and loads of laughter for ignoring you so don't stress over it
Carlton Banks is now working at McDonald's. Who knew!
umm. Not kelly ahah its too far away from me. How bout... 2 streets efore that at 7:30..?
Ask the many who have my social security number...
On my way to #Applebees w/the b-day girl to celebrate & watch #UL v
"Gene Simmons wanted to change the band's name to "Daddy Longlegs", but the band stuck with Van Halen."
we'll know the end is near when *my* grandma joins facebook. (she's been dead for 15+ years.)
Readicide was a great book that helped me understand importance of authentic reading.
Nervous & idk why . .
"She might as well put in big letters DESPERATE on her head" -my mom.
#BestHolidayMovies A Christmas Story ... FUUDDGE ... Except he didn't say fudge!!!!
watching some ESPN. aha lagaurette blount gotta love the beginning of college football.
": Rise & Grind! Thanking God 4 allowing me 2 see another day." Dont allow the bungles to see Joe, smoke dem fools!
i think i might just give this account to helen for... reasons. lol idk though i have attachment issues so idkkk!
no the whole class was there bro
Last Laptop repair in Pittsburgh: Virus Removal and Internet Access issue on Acer Aspire
awesome! looking fwd to hearing the new stuff. Thanks for the reply
Niggas stay running they mouth like a lil bitch I just sit back in b ready for whateva.
lol i meant like just whenever. Not this sec. Ha but i feel u.
Ya just gotta wait for someone who deserves you :D
I am so excited abt this wknd !!! We are going to have a blast. It will be good to see and
I love you so much!!
I just wanna see you strip.. #GoshDarnYouSexy 😉
Heading into the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
Beet roesti? Did you make them?
I'm sick of people telling me to do what i want, but then they won't let me.
wanna see it when its done?
never skip thigh highs
Can't wait for Saturday! Come out to St. Pete for the Beer Fest and Food Truck Rally. Lush Confections will be on Sale!
valerie brunson is the coolest person in the world.
let us know of any brilliance displayed!
You know it too,that's why u laughing hard lmao
Good call, , this fella is # 2 legendary physicist, behind Lenczewski of course.
nice and breezy day in baltimore for once this is my type of weather not too hot and not too cold
wanna go to the movies
Cody's instagram profile picture is flawless!! I want it. If anyone ha it can you send it to me?
love our Filson bags and hats.
Truth is by nature self-evident. As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it, it shines clear. -Gandhi
i know, but dont be mad im already savanahh and rachels man
G'nite everyone God Bless
The HOPE Is a dream that doesn't sleep
Baking weekly boxes today. We love that people have started to use for #glutenfree weekly box delivery.
#lookoutjoe daily special: $.25 off any size Iced & Blended Mocha all day today! come get a drink and see what we're roasting!
Ben:"I feel I could spend the rest of my life w/this woman." After I threw up in my mouth, I wished 4the helicopter to blow her off a cliff.
really?? how does this work?? i'm proficient in French
google search for dispoable muffin tins, saw my photo and clicked.
There should be a comedy channel with his plays haha RT Javale puts me in tears when he plays
"OH, that doesn't work fa ya, huh? Kiss my fuckin asshole lips" Throw down some dice in the next podcast
Huh? Who is rated a 62? Who is rated an 85? Whose numbers are these?
Today it was sunny, and its called sunday.,Oscars Tonight!,#ToastRedCarpet,3pm/PST
we are in Dallas on Thanksgiving?
It's not your fault I'm so much smarter than you - at least you're pretty
The feeling that you are getting ignored <<<<
thank you.
#equifunk was awesome! Breaking my foot, not so much...
I think Black Ops 2 looks dumb. And it will probably kill the Call of Duty series.
Thanks Kate! Have a great one. RT
In case you were wondering, you are blocked from buying IL lottery tickets online if you are physically out of the state.
Portland weather is temperate. Mild winters & mild summers. It's also relatively dark most of the year.
you already know bro. These nuggets ain't ready!
you are the coolest person on FB ... Ha
no kidding he's come a hell of a long way
What a day.
NO, I'm AVERAGE (:
thank u for being a beacon of sanity & justice in a crazy world. Don't know how u navigate Washington but I'm grateful u do
hey josh wanna follow my other best friend (: your awesome k bye !
With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders,The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world! Slllliimmmm Shaddddyyyyyyyyyyy
I'm trying to determine how many people are gunna get hit with the pepper ball gun tomorrow downtown!?
My parents are leaving me tonight to go to the ESPN party -_-
Yes, you are! It's supposed to be hot this weekend! So excited
wow a jax almost had that...grandie man 8th homer
my dad needs to get OUT
Great job Way to set that party off with a fantastic National Anthem rendition. Now watch the ponies run!
O love the LORD, all ye his saints: for the LORD preserveth the faithful, and plentifully rewardeth the proud doer. Psalms 31:23. Have...
That is because Girardi sucks!!!!
can I use leaflet.js to connect to Geoserver? Just started playing with leaflet today and am liking it.
Yeah so just let me know when u coming out
If facebook did have a dislike button, there would be a lot of hurt feelings.
Call 1 877 UNICORN. Lots of hot, local Unicorns who want to chat with YOU!
The guy behind you, what is HE having tattooed?
Travel hacking: abuse of system or strategic planning?
Don't ever say that... I love you.
Whoa, sunny and steady hailing on North Cap Hill!
I'm just gonna wait until Cody says something then I can go back to screaming at my dog.
you fail for putting a dorky face on a sarcastic remark! Lololol :(
“: I deserve someone fantastic like you. I finally have you.. I won't let you slip away this time. #iloveyou <3”
Portland Police say man killed in officer-involved shooting was armed and threatened suicide. SmartPark at 4th and Alder remains closed.
Destin for the night
Wow I need to get to Austin! Madison could be Austin if we lowered corporate taxes!
That is tough to miss. Good luck to your team!
Made my day XD
The thing is you have to look into whats ahead of you instead of looking back, it just hurts you more.
Phones dieing.....sign that maybe I should go to bed....
I'm aright and I highly doubt that
In my Pot of Gold today I'm sharing part of my heart, "Buy 3 Ped pal foot scrubbys and get a "Kiss my Blarney Stone Ped pal FREE
#Mahomies soon will be trending and Austin will see it(:
Crying </3 I miss my dad soo much. Wish he could be here to see me grow up, I hope I've made him proud...
Lol Uh that wasnt me but thanksRT : So glad I got to see tonight!!He gives the BEST "lift -me-off-my-feet" hugs ;-)
wow! 285 for Crawford? Can he play 5-technique in 3-4? Really like his game, but I thought he'd be 15 lbs lighter.
No. Most come over as 16 year olds from third world countries. Most US guys who go play in Japan don't speak Japanese.
We'll be giving away a pair of #Brewers tix every Wed starting Apr 4! RT this for a chance to win tix to the Apr 8 game vs the Cardinals!
i wish would wake up n pay attention to this project
Congrats on your baby :)) can't even tell you are preg on y &r
i am just not jayz
I hate the shit you do, but I still text you back and say I miss you too.
YOU SAID YOUD FOLLOW ME. YOU LIED. ALL THESE LIES. I CANT HANDLE IT
I guess I should get off tournament tomorrow. Wish me luck!!(:
They want that mama love! xD
RT : RT if you agree … 2 bring about institutional #change, change must be institutionalized
just went to the gas station. Sticker shock!
Check out www.hedonismanniversary.com
Virginia: Proof that first is the best. Ya done good, John Smith.
missed you at world series club last night!! Wanted 2 meet u in the flesh n get a signed ball for my nephew
10% off oversized printing orders till Friday at 3 PM pacific time! Mention twitter to receive 10% off your entire order.
Jesus. I bet you know a lot of douchebags.
oh me
RESPECT! CHEK US OUT...
Where's the eraser at?!
Lowes told me they don't ad on his show. Do local or general clear channel advertisers slip in and are on his show?
thinks mondays feel like hangovers...
hey do you remember the choreography to booty work?
The AL is much tougher these days. I can't wait to see how the additional wild card plays into consideration.
Gabbie he looked amazing!!!!!
that ain't me. I'm rocking navy blue with maroon
or send 'm my way so i can throw a pool party this summer and bobbi can work the bill out. cool? cool.
"Dont walk when the sign says not to and dont talk when black folks about too" the roots black thought
One charge dropped against man who stripped naked at PDX to protest TSA. John Brennan now faces one count Indecent Exposure.
JPalfrey on problems DPLA is solving: coordinating collective action; supporting users & use; mass digitization
Deligful Pastries has added new menu items! Check out their new Chocolate Jam Bars and Cayenne Brownies.
Hi my internet is off for a while so this may be my only tweet for a while peace peoples, love very day,on" on and on and on blah blah bye!
RT I love girls
SALE SALE SALE come in and get 20% off red tagged clothes and shoes tomorrow only here at City Gear
Dear broken hearted girls, hold your head up high and your middle finger higher. Let him know what hes missing
Holy cow was that a Chris Carter sighting? He is an enormous dude, looked like he used his bulk on that play
Cliffy told me he warned you about that!
Everything has come in the mail except the main things I need. I am so disappointed. Im trying to guess how long from Texas to Oakland.
Up and ready to go! We didn't offend the wake-up guy...
beautiful as hell
I dont feel like moving Saturday. I've only been in this house for 8 months, how did I accumulate all this stuff ha.
I am getting major jet ski fever. Gotta get on the lake ASAP
Gym with bro.
bye titi oh tally have ur number so I'll txt u
Just got home from dinner at Miller Park. Great food, awesome view and amazing service!
Other than Cribs and Brooks - not many other players got stickers.
heh heh. Thanks, Colleen. Noticed your location changed... spent a few years up in the north country at Drum myself. Good luck!
pretty good how is atl peaches going
I get distracted so easily!
Saw The Town. I'd recommend it to Bostonians. Great casting ofJeremy Renner. He was scary and i felt like I'd seen him before in Charlestown
Off to Wushu training. /flexes muscles
thank you love! I really appreciate it :) I hope you do too
That one had me DYING of laughter. We should have watched together!
he's singing to me on the phone. shut da' fuck up.
i just laughed uncontrollably
What can we do about this: Give everyone an ORCID ID and tell them to start using it
Haha. Yes. RT . Does that mean he could just like, show up at my house? (looks out window)
thank you :)
jajaja. Quisiera guey... Pero no! Im bout to start dancing in a min...I can't sleep -__- I thought hennessey would help
Omg hawks lost again in OT... #:'(
Most people need the spotlight to feel notice or important. However, true light illuminates from within.
Lamest term ever: "Tweeps." Feel free to unfollow me if I ever use it.
How about a snacket?
got to do all this work :(
Back at work after 4 days in St. Louis. My boss is back after her maternity leave. There is banana crepe cake. All is well.
my job is allowing you to wear jeans to work now as long as you donate $5 per day to help raise awareness for autism, smart
Who's already seen Avengers? Who is excited to death TO see it?
cool,cool
$5 bloody mary's $4 mimosa for morning specials. kitchen open
Me and brenden both think we just saw something in my house. Dis be creepy
After a year of hard work - playffnow.com is up and running. The ultimate Football Party Game - Give us a try!
Are the Inkdryer wallpapers from a local guy? Lots of Reds.
14th Colony Art Exhibit To Open at Noble Horizons - Litchfield County Times
At the pharmacy, I said 50 condoms please. 2 girls behind me started to giggle. I turned and looked them in the eyes and said "Make it 52."
Most writers regard truth as their most valuable possession, and therefore are most economical in its use. -Mark Twain
A Walk to Remember is on TV. I may have to watch chick flicks all night.
lol those shoes cray. Try em on at least first. & i would never forget!! 
have fun for me! Me and PauPau are gonna have fun here on twitter ;)
Reminder: The Rub will NOT be happening tomorrow night. The next one will be on March 16th at The Bell House. Please RT
Gracias, my friend! Very excited.
If he does, can you think of a less shitty nickname for him? "Can Curious George do it two nights in a row for #Brewers?"
#ThinnestSportsBooks "Number of games Jagr hasn't pulled a Groin" i thought the library promised not to sale this!?
you guys are crazy ... Shane I gots ya $monet
Sounds interesting! Our co-director just presented on the same topic at
want work
RT : New blog post by iOS Tutorial Team member : How to Make a Turn-Based Strategy Game - Part 1...
There are certain people I'm so close to that when I get a text from them, I can hear their voice reading it to me.
bc I'm searching for as many people as possible
Cause in this moment I feel so alive
I have a very good source that CJ is on for 4 more! Maybe that is out but I have very good source.
Awesome, . It's t - 16 days for my son and me. We're doing our 1st #GrandCanyon R2R. Where are you headed?
obvious tourist stops of broadway/2nd are musts. Midtown is a good area as well. We'll be out & about Sun if u want to say hi!
Goodmorning beautiful<3 I love you
This Ryan dude on the Pauly D project is a DOUCHEBAG
This Saturday is Cinco de Mayo. Cinco de Mayo commemorates the victory of the Mexican army over France in 1862. Celebrate Safely!!
Ceramic Chicken.
parents flying for over 20hrs missed flight from DFW to AUS. - speak little English. Now on standby on AA1824. Can u help?
Someone come over tonight.
Rad shows coming up soon, in the meantime Check out our purevolume and soundcloud pages!
Same here Barb. Always great to see you.
Have you ever tried riding your bike up a mountain? I encourage you to challenge yourself! Try Blood Mountain the ride back down is awesome!
Welcome 1Ls and welcome back returning students! Gewirtz residents: each apt now has a composting bin for leftover foodstuffs.
