go tweetdeck for iPhone, my personal recommendation
so because there were a bunch of senior pranks today, the police were just like walking around the school. i was just like WUT.
haha you don't seem stuck up at all.
Just introduced an archive neophyte to our Henry Miller holdings. His eyes got big as saucers as he realized what he was in for.
Happy 16th Birthday Make it the best. Y.O.L.O.
Opened LONG $AUDUSD @ .99328; 12% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 93% SHORT
Sorry i missed you bro. I love you and cant wait til you come to the Chi! RT : Hardly home but always reppin
thanks for th hit!
BIG things happening! Team #nosleep this week! Cant stop, wont stop! Very fortunate 2 have AMAZING ppl in life helping me reach my dreams!
did you know that today is National Bike to School Day?
How much longer will you be able to dress Cub as a monkey? Relish it while you still can!
For a good time call 555-
I will love this semester. :)
Still watching the bucks?
i have been awake for far too long...friday 8ams?
Acheived my goal today. Played 18 holes in under 90 minutes at at the #speedgolf Challenge
The work does with Yao Ming is incredible The caliber of publication they have him in, in retirement, is so impressive.
Reguardless of what u might believe, these Bud Light Lime-a-rita things are not for the unexperienced drinker.... Lol
Who wanna be Mrs Myers ?
Who voted for #SoMeT12 to be in Milwaukee yesterday? Well we made it to the Elite 8 and now we face our rival St. Louis.
What a gorgeous day in Chicago
Exactly but I hope they develop a killer mentality to try and finish teams off early
okay then never mind :/
I love bitching
Are we having fun yet? I think we know how you feel... stressed!
I hope you had an amazing birthday, you deserve it <33
Totally NOT surprised.... RT : Theaters are already sold out for The Avengers!!!!
was curious if it had anything to do w/ Investing or Real Estate?
Pickup Line: You've got all the curves, and I got all the angles
I am insatiably giggly right now, I am not going to say why but you probably know already.
interview w Mo's says ~7,000 for St.Pattys attendance Saturday, what a great time!
Thank you for sharing your photo with us! Did you enjoy Mother's Day?
nice pics sexy as always
You suck at singing seriously why do you even try.
The FBI wants to monitor social media? They have been, this is just the nice way of getting it out there.
will be the cutest drummer at #bamboozle this weekend so go look out for him and see his band ;)
Sat and listened to some of Fridah's voice recordings on my iPhone today. I miss that little Diva!!
#LoveourSupporters!! RT : Each woman is a success story: she has gone from unemployment to independence cc.
Shoutout to or their username being so awesomee! go follow them if you like the wanted!
Every time I watch Shark Tank, I find myself screaming TAKE THE DEAL! 35% of millions > than 100% of nothing.
": Anybody or anything negative this year i don't fuk wit"if we keep a positive vibe we gonna keep having this positive time-S
ON/OFF charliesheen.
Awaiting the strong storm. Rain starting in East.
#ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout that ur the best Pussy eater..it's like #really and ppl can do what with that info!?!
and what's that store called?
#OTGTIPS STOP JUDGING PEOPLE OFF OF WHAT THEY SAY, WATCH WHAT THEY DO!
LOL(:(: that happened to me today!! i was soo embaressed:P
that was my showww when i was 4. Lol.
GO #GRIZZLIES! Join us after they battle the Clippers - the Official After Party starts after the game! Will we be seeing you there?
Reading twenty two chapters of a book to a five year old is all I have accomplished so far this evening..
I can't go through the Ed Sheeran twitter feed without feeling a bit gutted. :(
lol why do u say that
Lmao. Okay. “ Shut up RT : Go back to sleep. “ Goodmorning””
haha yeah that's not the one im talking about :P
Weighing my money-making options for the spring. Willing to do anything that pays well, and have about 20 hrs/week.
Videshoots &Photoshoots for the low email
you need to go to bed youre hallucinating.
I fucking hate you
just work just got off
Tonight's Desire 2011 SC Meet-N-Greet chat on Yahoo starts at 8pm CST. Don't be late, as I can't add any invites after 8:30pm.
nobody feels bad for north Carolina. Nobody.
I think at that time most Southerners went armed most of the time.
btw today is superbowl. the other american holiday.
you're just a couple of blocks up the street from us & the family & friends who've stayed there have liked you very much!
That's nonsense. Without taxes, you don't have government, and without that, you don't have stable society.
cause apparently you're a real nigga and I appear to have not gotten the memo
Biesecker of Staunton only golfer to break 70 on first day of Fox Puss
Alright, I was ready for this segment to end. And I still am. But I'm glad to get the scoop on the Hamlin family diapers.
I just wish my springbreak was the whole school year and only one day of regular school!!
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." - John Quincy Adams
Cardinals!!!!! Stl all the way! Lets get it!!!!!!!
Hey , what are the chances of a shirt sponsor announcement this year?
Good morning world
Now that they have a rookie wage scale they have to blow there money somewhere
good luck ateh...!!!
Dear Tummy, JUST FUCKING STOP IT, ALREADY. Sincerely, Lauren, awake in bed again
Ok UK peeps, I just bought a bottle of Pimms. Now what's the best way to drink it?
Where are my Berkeley Graduates?
I used 2 think that FunkyTown was the sh*it until I discovered FunkyVille!!!!
Make it a fabulous Monday!!!! Remember, it is what you make it!!!
Being productive=deleting 200 old email messages.
Remember, there's a reason why #Brewers is usually printed in large, friendly letters.
Just deleted this entry from my dissertation's works cited page: “BEST GHETTO BLASTER AND KARAOKE MACHINE!!!!!” Sad to see it go.
Thats what I should of done
Lollollol! U said u lost the plastic thingie that goes on ur earplug. Check ur ear because it might have come off n there.
so many beautiful people around me
This has been #DeepSchwagThoughts, by Nehemiah Rodriguez
Fantastic way to start the day
I just got out of bed to feed my cat because she was criticizing my facilities management.
How hard is it to b straight up now a days??
Working on a new song called "Smoke and No Mirrors". Will bring it to the guys for the first time tonight.
Happy Thanksgiving, tweeters! (:
Part of the reason that men seem so much less loving than women is that men's behavior is measured with a feminine ruler.
Enjoy yours as well! I liked the tips. Though I already eat my veggies it's good to have strategy.
What do you think it means?
You're awesome! One of my faves too!! “: Favorite song today? - Sprawl II (check it out yo!)”
FREE.AT.LAST.
Camilla, are you an actor and a commercial model? Aaron
can you follow me? i just bought ONE LESS LONELY GIRL (and i love it) and ONE TIME (:
Wha? "Do you like spicy food" isn't a legit interview question?
It's not that bad
At the Paramount Theatre for Mamma Mia. How long will I end up having ABBA songs stuck in my head....
Is there a magic exit button on an #emotionalrollercoaster? #Idon'tlikethisride
you're putting together our setlist, right?
Few isolates: not a "brand"; multiple cores, all RWJF accnts: led by the Foundation not supporters; mostly follows not replies.
your so cute! follow back?(:
We are not anti-boomers but we pro--Gen Xers
Witnessing Art. Period.
yeah wicked night- we'll do it again :) i suggest hittin the lanes for some bowling
marry me? I love your videos, most inspire me. Your amazing! :)
Great! Yes, but I'll be finished with my MA program in a few months and plan to move back to Indy. Can't wait!
What I learned yesterday: railroad ties really heavy; day labor pretty cheap.
got a job out of Nai or what's up with that status
Yes and I can't wait
- Boomer who?
Step Ahead Services currently offers service in beautiful Ultra Stretch Lincoln Town Cars QVM Certified for your safety
great morning!
your beautiful! harry or liam! x
is willing to do wateva to make my dreams come true
Susan Reverby makes biography and social history speak to one another in a talk on two "great(ly famous)" doctors.
Keep at it my brotha...you have a new fan...
RT : Whit Diffie defends online anonymity: can pay cash on Main St; shouldn't need ID online. 19th c ID wasn't absolute
We stand together side by side, heart by heart, covered in purple, we are Beliebers.💜
Avengers was good, also HULKSMASHHULKSMASHHULKSMASH.
#AskBieber what's your restaurant to eat at?
#robertsbad come on guys!! I wanna hear the story haha
Absolutely loving the comparison of music composition to brand identity composition using Beethoven and M83.
did you really date Justin Bieber? Like everyone says youu did!
Prediction: the open land directly north of will be the site of a new arena.
#UVa defense has been 1970s level horrible this quarter.
Yes, you are VERY rude. Thank you. I blocked you. After I blocked you, you tweeted me four times. JUST STAHHHP.
#idol - Colton gone??? That's nuts. He should have been in the finals, period.
Catch us at the Chamber Early Bird Breakfast Fri. 715am Above&Beyond 513 W.Pontaluna!
Follow her okay ! She's awesome! I love her! FOLLOW HER PLEASE! She's new to twitter.
oh my good luck!
cool let's do friday, i'm pretty open. skype?
Is that your REAL hair?
And the Afghan children killed as they slept & the ones killed in drone attacks...whose names we may never know. I will remember.
Awe! we just had VBS at our church.... the kids had a gr8 time!!
Tune in to PTL today to meet Ellen DeGeneres' talent manager, Eric Gold, here to discuss Pittsburgh's emerging "Hollywood" movie scene!
Finished work for the week. Got another case of Stella... To much beer. 4 day weekend coming up! Yes!!!
As the quarter comes to an end - are you a closer? Someone that can take on an assignment and complete it successfully!
I haven't been to one of those in years
take it! take another little piece now baby.
#Be_A_Renegade with Chen who has a guest star on David E Kelly's, "Harry's Law," starring, Kathy Bates!
Okay you're cool!
had to reset my lexis advance beta password already--need to remember to use my password manager ( ) more often
scraps knows no better reason 2 squeeze an extra nap into the middle of the day.
loving you its like the earth that i breath it comes to me so naturally its easier then 123 :)
I'm such a loner,Nobody wanted to walk with me today,so me and went to play the piano...:/
Here :D
the pont is that charters have no real effect...anecdotes aside, they are an
Tell them we're a package deal. I think this might work.
I'm buying it tonight
Sorry the B's got knocked out in the first round
Im so sleepy.
lol @ Louis. 'Theirs 7 of us, and 8 of them, so its not gonna work out.' omg <3
What's the difference between frozen rain and snow? Isn't snow just rain that is frozen to a different form? And do the 2 look the same?
I wonder how much money Southerland has taken from the insurance lobbyists?
Trying to convince your parents to buy you a car? Remind them that sometimes taking the rebate is cheaper than the teaser loan. Lend with us
5 minutes to curtain!
Student poetry reading tonight at 6pm in our East Rotunda! Refreshments served. Sponsored by UCLA's Journal of the Arts, Westwind.
At least it was a day of shabbes menicha...
I wear sunglasses inside.
get one
My dog stole my Popsicle and buried the stick in the couch.
When I paint my nails, I get nail polish EVERYWHERE but my nails..
Trying to figure out if there's a #Preakness angle to our commencement.
80+% of today's "crimes" would not be a crime under a libertarian govt. But direct harm or fraud would be.
RT RT“: Tomorrow is 4/20 *golf clap* A national holiday for people who live in mom and dads basement.” Lmao
Anything else ?? ♥
I love STP. Saw them open for Chili Peppers a few years back.
Océ VarioPrint 135 Digital Press Receives Buyers Laboratory Pro Award
follow back?? (:
Okc game is packed wit thunder fans
S/o to all the dummie dirty bitches that leave tracks nd dirt rings in the tub !
Heal up before playoffs! RT : #Nuggets SG Arron Afflalo is a game-time decision due to his ankle sprain
Does Melvin's promotion have any significance beyond the new title and (presumably) more money?
Some days all the crazies call the store just to talk to me.
‎[Campus Bulletin] Please do not call this Hell Week. Use the official title, "Week Preceding the Week Preceding Final Examinations."
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 40
guilty as tweeted! and I never learn!
i seems like i can feel the pain 2
no not at all lol
Tomorrow, The Avengers opens in the US. I've been geeking out over it since it was first announced...
Remember my friends there are two sides to every story and neither one is true.
Happy Friday, San Diego! Celebrate surviving another week at Dobson's for lunch, drinks or dinner. www.DobsonsRestaurant.com
Seems like they should hire someone who actually WANTS to lead. I've seen job ads for department chairs before.
I hate you, Comcast. Seriously,you get worse and worse.
Hello Miami..the countdown to Cuba has begun..
OMG wonderful shot, so emotional for sure. You girls are quite the pair!!
Thanks Sara!
Saw the latest DRUMBEATS newsletter, filming field courses could premise a new reality show. Love it!
#lollalive what the hell youtube?1 i wanted to see FTP!
Know of any good cover bands?Send your links and demos NOW!!! WE NEED YOU, MARCH 4th!!!!
singing in the shower >
Did a check with my 21y/o niece... She said leave the p_$$¥ songs to Wayne and drake. You go back to 1-you a dream come true.
I can't imagine NHL players going to the MET ball during an important playoff series....right?
#everyonehasthat1familymemberwho doesn't stop talking at family gatherings
come to the school and we will watch it!!
So what's gonna make YOUR weekend a special one?
Writing about Lake Pointe Medical Center in Rockwall, Texas.
thanks for the follow :)
Casa Escencia Friday Nights at Hotel Albuquerque definitely the place to be!! How much more glamorous could this get?
Fair enough. Quality control is def. an issue in new Indian publishing. But I'm optimistic about Aleph (mentioned in article).
I'm pretty sure got slipped a copy of The Odyssey in his mailbox at the station...hope it's not lost in a pile somewhere. lol
Another plus for showers.
Thanks to all of wonderful patients for another great day.
ima gangsta grandpa and I'm proud of it
You follow RADEK SIKORSKI? I've met him. Nice guy.
Just started playing with Pinterest this weekend...I think I'm going to like it.
NLD will have a booth at #NSTA conference next week and #ACS conference the following week! Look forward to seeing some of you there!
Welp now I'm not going to answer your calls for a while.
#Mavs need the #Rangers ALCS crowd. Unfortunately, they have the same crowd that sat on their hands during the World Series.
UKartist has amazing screened Amy portrait shirts for sale.Want 2 donateproceeds to you now
So much school. Hopefully going to doa cover or write a new song soon.
you'll be blasting somethine else later
Great time at ! Let's go USA!!
Teacher : Why are you talking during my lesson? Student : Why are you teaching during my conversation ?
thanks!! Honored.
I grew up in PA, about 90 miles north of Philly. I love PA...
Enjoyed the Panzi Conference on Tuesday night..... A lot of work to be done still.....excited and hopeful!!!!!
I may or may not still be a little bitter you never gave me the recipe for those ribs 😒 lol
word that
i love you too.
anyone in my network work in graphic design ?
Did you know that locbit can send its content to your screens not only in HTML but also in URL, RSS, FLASH or XML API? find out more...
Yay so now I can't go anywhere
#Los told me he say nigga never short yourself you see it you want go get it you only live once❕that dude always had something good to say
Thx was fun! RT to was a pleasure for us at to have your keynote talk today at
They put Brian McKnight in 939?!?!!? Who thought that was a good idea?!?!!?? Smh
I'm starting to wonder what I was thinking with essay final exams on top of final research papers. Ambition in syllabus creation!
Damn you fine
Thanks Bro! RT Ain't nothing too it but too do it!
Yes! They are an amazing group of people. Their dedication to service and commitment to completing the project are special.
The Chicago Bulls the best team in the NBA regular season.... And that's about it!! What a joke!!
snow + bicycle + #wiwo rehearsal = Adventure!
Review: I found the contrast between mystery and complexity of real life with Spirituality of a vegetarian Buddhist monk captivating.
I am starting the Insanity workout in the morning
RT #Capricorn's hate show offs... Fastest way to turn us off, you just look like a fool to us
Hey - #mcdm meetup in north Seattle. , , & representing.
yup. What are you doing?
or throw it in traffic ;-)
Posted a new song:
I like your avi its cute
Sometimes you just have to ask yourself, if there is a full moon, fog, and a glowing light, then don't go in to the cemetery!
what's the topic?
Waking up but I just want to lay down again.
and so we all create a song called crazy with frustration and won the battle of the bands ...
I wish I may, I wish I might, wish away the fat tonight. Doesn't work that way. Oh well…back to celery, carrots, cucumbers & the treadmill!
with the sale of the Jags coming soon, is there any talk of new owner considering LA move with new stadium in the works??
In the dying evening ~ there is ~ but one path
Haha yes! We're very excited. But don't worry, another Columbia College student is holding a Zumbathon for us on April 27!
RT : Does Obama support marrying open bottles at the end of the night?
You know what mice? You can just have the basement. Do your little mouse laundry. But if you step foot in my kitchen, I'm the farmer's wife.
Aldon Smith gets busted for DUI at 9:30 AM, that dude was going hard that night...
RT #Brewers GM Doug Melvin confirms Mat Gamel has torn ACL. Probably season ending.
Hope to see you downtown tonight at the Official After Party! THe #Grizz Girls will be here, and so will cocktails and delicious munchies!
- well, it all depends. If he's drinking that much Dr. Pepper, it's probably hurting more than gin would.
Please do! RT : Will hv to come back for dessert another time. Tres leches so tempting.
I call BS! lol
One word texts.
I totally want pickles now.
“: , & & Michael Capponi Thank you all for your dedication to
I have to say, I've had more fun watching the NBA with this Spurs team (and Thunder as well) than I have since MJ retired
Thanks! I already set up an appt for later this week!
NYC misses u boys already!
Good lookin' out!
In a world where we're always connected, are we forgetting how to enjoy solitude? If we can't be happy alone, we will always feel lonely.
“: Deep fried mac n cheese balls about to go down!! 🙏 the baby Jesus”
#NeverApologizeFor not being sorry.
At work til noon. Day started at 3am! ” And it don't stop...”! lol
I am freezing! This weather is shit.
#ThoseThreeWords I miss you
Just had Aries Spears in-studio and he told us about DMX cornering him and pulling a RAZOR BLADE OUT OF HIS MOUTH. holy crap. show up soon!
(Nice) James Taylor aka
How would you label your personality?
Home. Happily made it home before the skies opened up. Listening to the booming thunder and my cat screaming at me.
PLAY SANTA: What would YOU get a 13-year-old-girl for the Holidays?
Do you know how fast your company can grow w/o outside capital? It's not rocket science. It's basic math.
Plz keep a special lady...Joan n ur thoughts & prayers...she has had heart attack & a blood clot after stint surgery. Thank u <3
DNT LIE N JUST SAY SHE AINT NONE BUT A FUCK!
yes yes I do
like that evo do you?
see late again, i get distracted :o , i love you delano <3
what are you guys doing though?
Tweets like this help slow down the gradually faster ticking of my biological clock.
I'll see you then. Are you staying at my crib? My Skype is Damiko.L.DeBraine I thk. Try D.L.DeBraine. It will be easy to find.
Right now my math teacher is being so mean to us, I feel like walking out, but I don't want to get in trouble:(
True or False... You can start developing anti-aging habits too early.
an i dam sure dont wanna no u i wouldnt fuck u if u was da last guy on earth dats how ugly i thank ur
If you have never been to the ICI gourmet dinners,you should! You are supporting the people who will be the future of cooking.
Humans, The REAL #zoo. #watch em.
Been at work for 10 hours. And it's dead. I wanna go home -_____-
I just saw that movie the other night. Great movie!
More dill pickle chips, more innertube around waist
com/culture, watch the full segment above, or view the video on the WGBH website
My shoes need to come in :(
Weird. What link did you try to share? From where?
Im sorry.
Dear Mario, I wasted all my childhood trying to save your girlfriend. Now You owe me big.
Wow it's been a while...Hey ya'll glad to be back online
#SKCvRSL Velasquez looks like he's wearing a coonskin cap on his head.
If you are following National #Nurses United's massive actions today, get updates by searching
Support your local theater. Saw a great show last night at the Hillberry in #Detroit called "The Cripple of Inishmaan."
Yeah me too.
Art is dead...and so is streetwear
How are things goin' over at the Cap Times? I've been enjoying your articles.
you're dead to me.
That awkward moment when your in class and you are trying to pull a book out of your bag and your underwear falls out.
You forgot about the Braun stop sign last year.
Whoa what r the chances of running into one of my drill sgts from basic training at work. So crazy
I wish the pool at The Settlement was opeeeennnnnn!
To all of my #Badgers friends in exam mode right now, good luck and stay strong! You got this!
Breaking News: UNA (North Alabama D-II school) has a player drafted before Auburn.
lmao my Internet started fucking up too !! So I said fuck it and got drunk. :)
#c4l12 convo on how to evolve totally reminds me of burning man camp discussions on similar themes
my bro said I did a good job updating my profile pic. Then i forgot the @ in my response to him. I failed.
Then stopped at the #park before heading home.
Thanks for adding the block feature! Would be helpful if we could have some kind of indicator in activity log.
I miss you!
lol send me some
Ima have one of those 'idk what happened last night moments'
yummy carrot cakes! do it. www.courtskitchen.wordpress.com
Prada is here setting up now, going to be an epic show, be here tonight or be lame!
“: Still trying to decide who I should vote No. 1 on my AP ballot tonight. Any suggestions?” Yes, Syracuse
wear one!!! I'll bring you a pink one!
I believe the PCL, LCL and quadriceps tendon were spared but yikes that's awful
Global Laboratory Automation Industry
The Bare Wires are so good! They're playing this Thursday with Plexi 3 at Franks!! Check em out on Myspace!
I have him on my lineup too and this is twice he don't play. idk wat Girardy is thinkin
Yes Brenly, we are very very aware of the Miller Park shadows.
Way too gone my theme song
Jamerica Caribbean Restaurant has great Jerk Chicken & Jambalaya. Best part is, order @ www.S2YD.com and we'll deliver it for you!!
I need to pee but I'm far to comfortable to get up. #FirstWorld Problems
Why??..sometimes I feel that way too though RT : Don't really like talking to people anymore.
which one is it for you is the question
maybe thats why the oscars sucked so badly last night
Movie, movie! While doing my hw for tomorrow.
Hi Robert, great playing before you and hanging out in Prague on November 5th... Loved your show! Happy holidays! Best Karel
The ineffable joy of forgiving and being forgiven forms an ecstasy that might well arouse the envy of the gods
It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves - in finding themselves. - Andre Gide
Therr's buncha old men in old tymey baseball uniforms playing softball
You are #SEXY because you're a boy directioner.
Stewards of our environment, the US Dept of the Interior, adds its voice to the #ItGetsBetter campaign: bit.ly/nSihFT
I See Retweeted And Following To Them. Just Hope One Day That Fan We Be Me.
oh my goodness he's so cute I wish I could have made it :(
Manta Diablo, my boys are loving The Black Pearl by Scott O'Dell.
Stubbs grounds out then shouts,"Fast!" Yes, Drew,you are.
you might as well tell me that i can't have friends, music, or any social life whatsoever.
Today is an Amazing day. I will stick to my goals and begin my new Chapter! Make urself the best person u can be!!!
fire his ass
Bar/internet cafe . Bathroom just before the kitchen ;-)
thats fun! ah i need money too but i cant get a job anywhere obviously! haha i hope you find one!
Thanks! I'm "in the know" AND "good peeps?" Well guess what, so are you! Mwuah.
prostitution? wait can i join? hold up. i know a store that sells strip poles
The sun is out in Scottsdale!
Just had a great video shoot!
Not being in class and being in a random one with is fun bet u wish u were here
Lol : You hate drama? Please continue to dramatically complain about it.
Gotta see my #Panthers bring it home tonight!! Let's go!!
A janitor in a US school gets more respect than a teacher. I think I'll start cleaning bathrooms :)
So proud of #POTUS today! Equality for everyone is what founding America was all about!
When was the last time I showered? Hmm...
THE VBB are in Dallas this weekend for a private event. For our fans and friends in Austin, go check out our friend Sara Overall tonight!
Doesn't feel like it in the US. Do we have stats to back this up?
How far can I go without stopping? Pee in the cup game
Of course :)!
Thank god for twitter! You're wondeful jessie! it's a pleasure to follow you ;) if you're ever in new york...CATCH! UP! love x
I have to admit, and make a very good tag team.
I need to dry my hair for 30 minutes, do homework, write a paper and im on twitter... gonna be
I have to be honest, I've never studied raw veganism. Are you trying it?
Thanks also! : Happy
follow us we will follow you. This year gone be a great year, we not worried about the haters the haters should be worried about us
Thanks! I'll keep you informed.
damn straight!
Blog is up and running... Check it out at www.indigo12west.com!
just kidding.
RT : In the mood to suck dick, where can I get one!?
am thinking of a sparkling rose for Tday this year. any suggestions?
Thanks for the danish!
in your dreams kiittyy
Omg are obsessed with Italian biffing it during the sausage race!
dude he's like about to hit her
what channel is trutv??
Awww! likes to munch on his Sophie giraffe and then trot it along while making "clop! clop!" noises with his tongue :)
as a female, I had plenty taken from me by dudes who feel more deserving
To change one's life: Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly. No exceptions. ~ William James
#Subwayfitchat Do you know if tea really does boost your metabolism? What are your favorite beverages to drink?
Love that idea! Great for every season, huh? You will definitely see rum soon. Thanks for your input!!
2:1 odds that first Super Bowl in new Vikings stadium will be won by the Packers.
*dies* I love your background photo!!! Your main pic is so adorable!
I love you from the bottom of my pencil case. I love you in the songs I write and sing.
no problem man. I know how it is
": ": New York is live tonight (:" Where are you!?" East Village (:
I'll be there
I'm on #Googleplus and #linkedin...let's connect!
a little. He's a streaky goalie and he did that in phx in regular season b4. I only look at playoff performances when it count
Practice presentations today in
Apparently one of first flights back into UK due to Icelandic Volcano is from..............Iceland - how bizarre!
i should jst let go of tht dream of me & u being together but again i dont kno if i can
We text 24/7, but when we meet, it's so awkward
thanks for the articles on menacing cloud. great stuff.
taiwan news
Rock on indeed!
-Class tournaments :)
Happy Birthday to the sweets of ATL
Seen in the local health food store parking lot: "Real Women Don't Drink Light Beer." Well, of course …
agreed, but it's so much neater than the traditional forum layout.
Wingharts was a success today - thank you all for coming out!!
Million dolla swag.
You left your phone.
Sorry, that preacher owns the trademark on that phrase.
"the internet is handheld democracy" - Egyptian blogger via #ideation12 Leveling the playing field
congrats to you! We're celebrating our 4th anniversary of meeting in W. Mass at the singing where we met :)
RT : "Home Front Holiday Radio Show" Sat. at Bemis Library. Hilarious romp thru 40s airwaves with Reveille 3. Fun for all!
How did you manage with little sleep? I enjoyed you on ustream! I had a blast.
"All the particles of the Standard Model have been observed, with the exception of the Higgs boson." What does "observed" mean here?
Ah missing my baby
Lol humored.. Hah life has been busy!! And fun!!! Except for today.. Way to dreary!!
Congrats Tebow. You now get to play the Steelers. Good Luck.
Much lower..
what are the two bright stars to the south west tonight?
which ones are you listening to? I can do a bunch of different ones
you beat me to it with your last tweet hahah
- I'm just learning the Twitter thing myself, I got a book to help me learn more.
is the website down right now?
Don't call it the "post-Lin" era yet. His greatness might still rise again, like Jesus :p
Yes, we are pouring HopSlam tonight. Hopefully this will stem the tide of voicemails we are receiving. It's going to go quick!
Reminder - have a white paper you would like published? As a YourHRPortal follower, publish it for FREE on HRResourcePortal.Com. Ask how!
needs a nap.
I HATE FLYS!
How about the newest recruiting class?
Have we not learned anything about football?! ALL teams are beatable!
I need a good photographer to shoot this next shoot. High Fashion all the way!!!!!
So happy for my colleagues on their way to #Orlando to accept #AP awards. Excellent work this year.
Oh wow tony Parker #GoSpursGo!!!
New topic - 3x e system lenses on ebay
you can still recycle and compost, you know...
We've got a great view at the #Spurs vs. Rockets Game! Feels like home.
I love money.
Wrong again.
:-) Hope your family is having a blast with her!!
Peter Gammons knows a lot of information, imagine having a conversation with him? It would be a thing to remember
OH GAWD. I DON'T KNOW HOW TO SPELL.
To the people who live in Antarctica, what the fuck is wrong with you?
I know. It was gross.
It's not too late to RSVP for the 'Sew Very Easy' party tonight! Lots of swag to take home. Msg me!!!
oh is it really? I think i sense a double anniversary date in the future.
Had to watch America's Got Talent tonight strictly because of and he didn't disappoint. The guy is electric in whatever he does
hibernating buddies woohoo! :) and Friday I won't either because I'll be at my friends
This old woman in front of me had a scratchoff & I saw that she won 50 dollars but she didn't see so she ripped it up :O I shoulda told her
justin biebers rap is terrible
#KnowWhatImSayin and #KnowWhatImTalkinBout should stop when PEOPLE CAN'T UNDERSTAND A FU--IN WORD YOUR SAYIN.
Can't get my phone to stand still for one sec. What a day.
I gotta give the game ball to Mathieu's haircut, so
Most hipster girl I've ever seen. Fun
Woman claims husband was shot n killed by mexican pirates n recreational lake between US n Mexico. No body has been found, sounds suspect.
sweet video! Thanks for sharing!
I've been waiting for this day all my life app
I'm geeked! You'll have to text me so I can get your number. I got a new phone so I don't have your number anymore :(
Lol I'm so lame! Shake it off Angelica
Were you there when they crucified my Lord?
i like the ones with singular subject, "pusher woman", "welcome home flowers", +"unscared" (but i'm a sucker for protagonists)
RT : RT : Loving your posts lately! Can't wait to see what you do with clutches!
Ahh I wish I had dogs :(
haha okay...... btw i didnt say i wanted to honk at him... and u told him that.... :*
Woo hoo for you!
RT Come join us for dinner tonight poolside. Serving only the freshest ingredients from 5-10pm.
Head to www.uplate-tv.com to see updates we've made! Added video from our filmings and pictures.
Hugs & kisses to my valentine. Making a beeline for the clothesline. Gotta choose the right design, so I can look mighty fine! Luv ya, baby!
9:30 a.m.: I realize today is Saturday- not Monday. 10:15 am: I remember that the library opens at 10:00 (not 12:00) on Saturdays. o_O
We're super excited to host a workshop with on January 28th. facebook.com/events/1496444… for more info.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 13
All is good good...I got a kick out of that link in your twitter feed! I think I had that car radio in my '72 camaro.
I am hungry, what should I get to eat in E.Lansing???
can't wait.
take time each day to feel the glorious sensation of your voice vibrating through you!
Watching the lakers game, live, but on a washed out 25" tube tv. Looks like this game is from 1985. Love airport bars.
finishing leg 25. Everyone except has one leg left to run.
We'll be in Vegas 02/14!! Be sure to come get some gear from us. Special prices just for that day!
Weirdest person but super awesome follow him!!:)
They do look flammin
I better not get punked again today...nobody better tell me it's Thursday & i missed
12 hour drive in the rain? Let's hope not.
Got up at 8 to finish this project.
I'm at prairie view
waiting the Tickets 4 your concert ..
The intricacies of citations are very annoying
so is pop up video jersey shore addition. I just learned Ronnie is 5'5" and weighs 220 lbs.
Chris Brogan runs the Inbound Marketing Summit events, is President of New Marketing Labs, and blogs extensively at [chrisbrogan
Having somebody that has your back! >
you aaaaaint lying.
No female should ever feel insecure about how they look, your beautiful the way you are
no you working tomorrow? I predict there will be an amazing deal for me tomorrow.
Looking for someone in Dublin to be a local representative for my wall graphics.
ahaha its true though. how aree you?
Only a few more days till opening day! Hooray for baseball season!
blah not sure what to do im now 5 ranks again to prestiging for my first time on my new account on mw3 should i do it? or no i went to 3
Kathy Lee, are you imitating Lucille Ball in her "show girl" episode? Funny!
saturday tmrw, doing nothing :P hanging with samantha after 9/11 mass on sunday <3
i wanna move far away from here more than anything.
Follow Me???
Does anyone ELSE know about #KiwiGardner? :o
Beyonce dated, married, THEN had a baby. Young ladies take note.
Tonight's research reveals: i'm still mediocre at MW3 multiplayer
Unfinished business means next year we beat usc
The voice
Thanks for letting me know. It should be fixed now.
Thanks for the Retweet!
Thats what I love to hear
i hate this weather. #yucky :(
Happy birthday to me!(: 14 years old
amen. Do you not know about my inner teen?
The "wow" items at my HEB check out line consist of Hershey's candy bars and toothbrushes. Um ... Wow.
:: One VT'd show down and three to go. This may take longer than I expected but not bad after a two-day laryngitis layoff.
Often, they will be from closing time, get a prescription and an appointment to come back the next morning
My last tweet was kinda sad and fucked up...
": cheers to the freakin weekend" I'll drink to that
purple swag
Never look back.
*spits out drink* LMFAO RT : So Twitter Says is Similar To Me...Idk How I Feel Bout That
right now I'm living in Louisiana. Im moving next year because of my mom's job. Not sure yet though. Where have u visited?:)
I always dreamt of being a basketball player. A dream that only I believed in. David Duchovny
yes i did, thank you. You should be getting a call today to straighten this out.
Everyone that I followed better fucking follow back because I'm ghetto fabluzz~!11!
Where did you travel so far to get coffee from? If it is that good I need to try it...
Burgandy, & mauve for highlights & teal for the stem.
“: To change the world you'll need a pen.” or a keyboard with Internet connection.
Do What You Love! MT Creative jobs in DC amount to more than 10% of the employment base and generates 5 billion dollars in income.
omg what's going on with everyone tonight
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome. -Isaac Asimov
The normal amount for his charges is closer to $45,000
Just as fast as budget cuts sweep the nation, kids fight for their education. Watch our NEW SHOW this Sunday 9p ET/PT on
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether me&Zach (;
Dear Reckless Youth:
i feel like ur NEVER gonna say "Hey sammy Wats up" Oh well im grateful that ur following me!! :]
more Google mobile stats: currently serving over 30 million daily impressions in the top mobile applications in 300 x 20 ad units
yeah your computer... sure. Don't be ashamed you miss me. I'll miss you too.
What she said! > RT Dear , we NEED a Season 2 of #Scandal! -- signed everyone
Tomorrow-April 27 Earth Week: Bring any reusable bag to the Bookstore & get 20% off your general merchandise (excluding electronics&food).
Fans of Broadway should know about these:
would be more impressed if this tweet had been a haiku. LIBRARY HAIKUS I FUCKING WON THAT SHIT, MAN. IF THIRD MEANS WINNING.
love it!
There's an AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR THEATRE RESEARCH & a #THEATRE #LIBRARY ASSOCIATION?! w/Journals & Conferences? Where have I been?!
“: swingbyte is by far the best training device when not on a robot” TBG Robot pretty darn awesome!
I don't like guys that smoke.
": Bra I didn't see this til just now -____-" that sucks tryna burn last night shoulsa came through.
GOP, your candidates stink. Just saying. You better hope Huckabee rides in on a white horse in January.
Tried to get a savings account at #bankofamerica and they want to charge me $5 a month when I turn 18
Never give up, never let go
Happy New Year all!! New updates and exciting things coming very soon!!!!
'Two' has to be one of the oddest spelled words in the english language.
Had a fantastic time last night speaking about branding your art business at the University of Central Florida.
I'm crossing my fingers my eraser brains and t-shirt (two separate reasons for MLA) come before I leave.
Wow. RT : Dr. Brian Cole estimates 8-12 months for DRose recovery.
Writing in the studio this week for artists whose names I can't say publicly... with any luck, you'll know soon enough!
Awww that's soo cute(: I'm glad we're both happy! ✌😁🎉 let's hope it stays this way haha
I do like turtlenecks.
Stephanie roughs on repeat. Helping me forget/enjoy how sleepy I am.
Turning off my phone (:
I don't wanna clean my room.
..... preparing American diplomats and other professionals to advance U.S. foreign affairs interests overseas and in Washington.
Lima beans and sweet corn! Succotash!
The worst April fools day joke was telling me you still love me. *WhereIComeFrom*
Warning no accidental while dancing, please ,we're not the ,and this sounds good:
Crews race to extract oil from a leaking ship stranded on a reef off New Zealand, ahead of gale-force winds and swells forecast for Monday
8 months later...
we at studios.
your feet; wear whatever you want to.
Ahh back home for vacation so nice
y d g
Thanks for helping me set up my accounts!
Whats confusing about twitter? Then again... i have been on twitter for like 3 years with multiple accounts....lol.
"lmfao: "Wit my nuts in your tonsils". Snoop Dogg. Sat old school hip hop radio. Spiritual experience"
I am so glad its friday. Ready to get this weekend started. My bestest bestest friend in the world part is 2morrow, 2 hyped
Watching this DEA show d-boys don't play
Just got done messing around in rain wit my lil bro! Gotta love thunderstroms!?!
My mother was mad at me because I didn't care about some details. I never understood needing that level of control
not quite what i had been thinking :-)
Is that a typo? 70 seniors?
I'm so excited for our future plans, classmate ;)
bitch ass
Correction - da low end (bass), bahn-ho (whatever)
golf today?
If Spring had a motto it'd be "out with the old, and in with the new". Challenge each other to spring clean & donate the old. Then take...
You just brought me to tears with your performance of "Faithfully" just now... Simply beautiful.
Looking forward to you sharing some of what is working best w/ your company
Looks a lot cleaner and loads somewhat faster, but I still resent the demise of the text-only option.
Thanks so much for the #FF!!
Good morning everyone, on my way to Mosport today we have 2 practices !
Oh boulder I don't miss you. At all. Nor do I miss your freak traffic.
Make that 21 in a row for the #gospursgo how many teams can score 33 for 2 middle quarters and still get the win? Way 2 go Ginobili!
that's true no matter who's talking about who. you know that!
thanks for the shoutout! We are super stoked about the show :) new songs will be played!
Reply to the feed to keep it at the top of the list on
:D RT : The word "bootylicious" was added to the Oxford Dictionary due to the immense popularity of the Destiny's Child song.
+1 RT : "I can't wait to see my friends' drunken blurry cell phone photo of the Supermoon!" -- Nobody
I really need to start going out besides just getting drinks after work.. I see so many people that have been missing because i'm a grandma
In my bag right now! I just finished this record......Maaannn all i can say is ... "And the Winner Is!"
you aint tlk to me in a min --__--
Each half-day event will be capped off with terrific networking and cocktails
“Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness…” Mark Twain
Aaron Rodgers, you're a bad man, but step aside for the Eli Manning vs Tom Brady debate
Ur welcome:) hey I need 2 talk 2 u
Thank you, but it was insensitive and the saying is "once is a joke".
Thx for the follow! Proud of my friend 4 volunteering 4 public service. Wish more people like him did!
It's totally normal for Madonna to release a song titled Gang Bang at age 53 right? Right?
#TeamInsomniac Another sleepless night of hard work. The grind never stops.
"Excel 2010: Advanced" and "Access 2010: Advanced" start next week in addition to our "PowerPoint 2010" series. www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
joins the show right now.
"Great movies remain themselves over the generations; they retain a serene sense of their own identity...
If your show is on Thursday, let me know and I'll update the twitter for you!
RT Born and Bred in Brooklyn, U.S.A., they call him Adam Yauch, but he's M.C.A. RIP Adam.
Great I'm sick. >___<
Haha yeah, and luckly the teacher took away the toy dinosaur at the right moment or that boy would've had it in his back xD
- hope all is well! Hoping to do a couple events for expansion re-grand opening. Sure I'll see you before then.
Dear New Wave, I hear way too much "The Cure" when I'm here.
60/40 split - new songs/old songs - tonight at BAM. By new I mean like written 2 days ago.
that's not my sis
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-13
's bird by bird, an annual most read!
Indy drew 13,000+ to a Monday afternoon game today. That's unreal. Guarantee if Bucs played home day game today they wouldn't get that.
Great Showcase for the kids last Saturday. Agents from Bobby Ball and Mavrick Artists. Kids did great!
this bitch is practically sitting on top of me in the waiting booth ..
that and you should NEVER support a #republicrat whether he pretends he's red or blue...
money over everything, money on my mind.
RT #helc12 Really looking forward to the Networking through Social Media presentation - tweet please! Had 2 make choice btwn 2!
good work Tim! Doing me some turkey hunting this weekend!
You work near me... I was on my way to the truck now.
Lmao at people who complain over and over,
#Twitter #expert... How can I get a feed of a particular #hashtag on my computer? Like watch scrolling #tweets? #support #help #NFL #RSS?
I guess I'll have to learn to speak it if I want to keep up. I've been so absent the last 6 months
Listening to new music and drinking a #coke could I be any more boring. Wanna join me?!
Conner I'm not high. Please take a joke. 😔
On your phone or on your computer www.ustream.tv/channel/djjohnnyd
you have been to so many places. Awesome
Is it in more cities than Austin?
Come on boys don't get sloppy!
me n her jus b mellow n tryna have fun I dnt b on drama that stopped b4 I turned 18
Um...Mr. Leo sir....um...the song is called, um, "Info Freako"....sir.
Much love ": I fucks wit , he with #fightermusic"
Thank you very much for the mentions! Check out our new stress management prescription for law enforcement on www.CopsAlive.com
Just like we all predicted.
Totes. Text me the details, id love to see you!
Life has it's ups and downs. You will never fully appreciate the ups unless you have some downs.
Haha, your back and forth is cracking me up.
What do you guys think of how the season ended?
Really want my own laptop..
I love #missing because turns into a total hard ass.
Hey you guys ! I'm almost out of Florida ! Can't wait to see my family !
You did a fantastic job! Glad you enjoyed the trip (and the train ride back). I agree, 100%.
I'm getting lonely feelings a lot more than I used to. Even with a prospective, I'm still like blah. Nothing feels genuine.
Happy Birthday To My Girl Go Way Back Like For Flats Muahh Enjoy
Sqeee! Looks like the man crush goes both ways. RT : you are amazing.
Seriously don't feel like going to a baseball game this morning... But I probably don't have to go anyways... (:
nope. it's just a crazy pig nose.
Swift has food poisoning.... But I've just sung the highest note I've ever sung!.....Swift regergetates, I re-harmonate. Done.
The new bridge on highway 76 is now open in
Wakin up... third day in NYC. Well at least i didnt have to wake up at 530am like yesterday. Hands up for Z's. :)
thank u
thanks for the quick response
Promising to be a busy week: Cornerstone Veranza installing their new touchscreen system -- with hot spots illustrating their geat location!
Marking which keys go to which cabinets in my office with Lisa Frank stickers.
Fuck you, Fuck Our Past, Fuck Our Present, Fuck Our Future, I am just done...
BORN THIS WAY.
Not only is Christine one of my best friends, but she's also one of the most talented Artists I ever met! Follow her on here
Let my soul live that it may praise You! Psalm 119:175
looks good! Good job :)
Nap time.
we is twins
it was a good meeting at we talked organizational planning -crazy fun stuff coming up!
dude I need to ask you a very important question about california.
mkaaaaaaaaaaaay. wait. Why not tomorrow? O: we get out of 2:02.
we were already following each other
My terror twin and I let's take over the world
Beautiful day in San Diego today ... ocean lovely .. lots of surfers
You're really feeling it tonight, aren't you? Bravo. Never question if you've done enough when you've done so much more than most.
RT - Dear Jacksonville Jaguars, if you want to move to California just tell us fans because we're cheering harder th...
My pleasure! I agree that is a powerful contact because he pays it forward & helps others.
Green Bay inactive vs. Minnesota: Quinn Johnson, Brady Poppinga, Maurce Simpkins, Mark Tauscher, Mike Neal, Mike Montgomery
#NP Heart of a City (Ain't No Love) by Jay-Z
My uncles sarcasm is the best. 💗
Mark Cuban wants to put ads on NBA players' jerseys. yeh or neh?
Bro its a fake account
. notes lots of "shitty service" resulting from destruction of old institutions.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 44
Tonight's the night! #DCDrinkUp at King Street Blues in Crystal City starting at 6:30P! Who's excited!
history of marketing is my favorite!
ok :) I hope I get it! How long are the shifts?
Nobody said it would be easy but you're way too valuable to be wasting your energy on someone who doesn't deserve you!
u feel me tho bra... if I see dude. I'm swinging
hey these for the hope you become a singer message I really love singing reply please... :-)
So bored ... Got An ear infection
i'm so happy i don't have to go back to jail until monday.
I am so happy you do this! It became a good habit for me. Thinking to do a 100-day gratitude next ;-)
- it's a conspiracy! But one was done with love and the other through tax dollars! :-)
Why does it feel like time is living at slug pace I'm ready to leave
thanks lovely! Can't wait for our date!
“: Up early on a saturday morn no holidays no days off when striving to make your dreams reality #hustlehard” I hear that!
Garlic. RT : Q5 What is your favorite smell when first walking into a restaurant?
whats up steven!! how are you?? :-)
Ok. Go Pack. I have no rebuttal. Let's just move on from this whole ordeal ...
Got second place in the battle of the bands at Altar Bar!!!!!!
Sometimes smiling doesn't mean I'm happy & Laughing doesn't mean I don't cry.
The pranks Romney pulled in high school are hysterical At least he wasn't committing felonies like BHO. btw Barry did bully a student a girl
Clear skies tonight with a low of 30. Tomorrow's forecast will mimic todays.
Hi ToshyRT : My closest friends call me Toshy, people who know me well call me Si and everyone else calls me Simon...Which are you?
Furman 6 / Citadel 0 . . .all running, no passing YET!
I hate not having money :/
I'm sure that they are doing it because Tim cook told them they have to if they want to get iPhone 5.
it might. I'll keep my fingers crossed for you, but rain might not end until well after midnight.
ME:I got punched Marina: on purpose;o Me;it was an accedent Marina: you should of made him buy nachos,chips or something since he hit you xD
On the radio www.99thejoynt.com Listen, Listen, Listen
Thoughts on #brogramming - "If I diminish you, I diminish myself." — Desmond Tutu
Get TAN! *Specials* (From 9a-12n) 40% off BOTTLES of LOTION (ALL DAY) Buy 2 Instants for $39! MEMBERSHIPS and TANNING PACKAGES on SALE TOO!
breaking bad
You know me so well!! RT : ridin through west hollywood blasting "call me maybe" laughing at the minorities
Their parents need to know and embrace their roots in order to pay it forward. That is not always the case.
In study hall! (:
Happy Mother's Day. I hope y'all have a great day!! :-)
Foster the penis
Hoping to play at Mardi Gras Utica! Post on their wall to request Water District.
Tonight there is an episode of the expert with Justin , who is jel ? (:
Mammoth caves were pretty awesome (:
I really love anime.
Skinny jeans, peroxide blond hair, punk shirts - Mark Lewis says he went through midlife crisis after losing job.
Going to a movie soon wit my bestest friend rebecca cant wait!!!!
set ur shit up so we can get r music going lol
we'll try to keep the standards up. saw Guardian misspelled yesterday on a linkedout item on site that will remain nameless
Haven't been on in a long time but I'm back:)
Need to refrain from browsing instagram w/my left thumb, causing me to like EVERY photo. In reality I do, but don't want you to know.
looking good! Glad u were able to stay covered a bit.
“The only thing that is keeping the emotion alive is your own thoughts".
I liked it but was disappointed that magic turned out to be real. Seemed contrived.
(Prosthetic hand Morgan Freeman)
I wish this worked as well on dudes as it does on cats
It seemed very cathartic. Your writing has a very nice authentic "voice" to it.
thank you, sir.
RT I miss my Walkman. Remember those?! You could quicky pop in a new cd without having to put em all in your computer. Easy.
You don't know the limits of your anger, sadness, and #Love for your child until you find out he or she is being
yah! Monday works for me!
Did you see that video we just showed online of the bumpy plane ride into Denver this week? Good thing that type of thing is rare.
omg you're so hot. I've always had a huve crush on you
I hope everyone's had a safe holiday yesterday... <3 you all!
Both LA teams got killed the 1st game but the #Lakers are bouncing back Wednesday
I love the reaction I get when I tell people how old I am. They just never believe me!
Could we get a third day in a row of summerlike temperatures? How about 70 and sunny?? Check out the forecast today at 5 and 6!!
I miss you guys!!!! RT : “: I am so excited to do absolutely nothing this weekend!!!” ditto wedam!
Happy Hour next week at Double Wide?
I'm sleepy...
love ♥ love ♥ love
Sweet! Glad you like our multilingual functionality.
Finished #vivoifest12 with lots to think about and try out when I get home. Now to do some exploring.
No place like home lol
Back at ya.
I see is part of the Article Level Metrics tech advisory group :)
I used to skateboard and skate aggressive inline to Ill Communication for summers on end. "Sure shot" always got me going.
YES! Totally agree.
Only Steve Harvey is allowed to wear a Steve Harvey suit
ACA Orals were another example where we liberals keep expecting that right-wing will be reasonable, when it is clear they won't
Jamming to One Direction. 399 days baby.
Over half the awkward moments on Facebook aren't even awkward, that's the awkward part
Yes, it's the little things in life. See you're a pro golfer ... great sport!
Come over, I'll entertain you! :)
Can't wait to see you either! Miss you both!!
When do you predict a trip to the tourney for this crew of bball guys?
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.
They tell me there's songs reserved for angels Would you sing me one,a stranger Just to prove your love-Dave Barnes
I have championed lots positive things about Africa for years but with #Gaddafi demise, biggest loser in this could be African Union
I want to go to Michigan just because Tim Allen is the voice in the Michigan commercials
thought u might have got at "set". Haha
Dislocated my knee this morning, got some bad news this afternoon &now I'm soaking in a hot tub cuz I got mad charlie horses! Ugh.
I think the idea is for the people with eduknowledge, partner with coders...
That lil nigga on house arrest RT : I might fuck around and run into Chief Keef within the next couple weeks.
papa-paparazzi :33
I left my Magic Trackpad at home on my desk. The Apple Store is closer than home.
beautiful work
Drinking sprite with cherry jolly ranchers at the bottom and a missing key ingredient because won't let me :-(
oh interesting
after grading hell ends (after Sunday) I'll give Ferris a call and get a sense of availability and planning.
your a may baby too??? Awesome! Mines the 19th!
I tend to agree RT : "Engage" appears to mean "sign-in," which is not equal to "use" Google+ Hits 90M Users, 60% Engage Daily
DAVE LETTERMAN ON HIS SHOW TONIGHT SAID "FOR THOSE KEEPING SCORE, PROTESTERS ARRESTED 70 AND WALL STREET EXECUTIVES ZERO. WAKE UP PEOPLE!
Aww miss you too Sis, been way too long ... AND I think you owe me an IHOP date RT I miss
Carmelo is one of the only SFs in the NBA big enough to take LeBron in the post. Why has it taken him so long when nothing else is working?
I take nothing for granted. I now have only good days, or great days. -Lance Armstrong
It is definitely a Arcade Fire kind of day.
By this time next week, you'll all be recovering from the 2009 HF-Twestival.
That's cold. Stay strong!
Which brand will have the most talked about spot across social media tomorrow? Which hashtag will win?
are you at the office?
ill throw cash on that one
If you don't count the night Dick Cheney was born, tonight will be the darkest night of the past 500 years. [solstice+eclipse].
RT : Shoutout to Souljaboy for passing me his Mixtape. I threw it out my car window and said "they loving it in the streets".
Tweet us UR entries in2 our #ENTOURAGE photo contest of your crew living it up - Last day 2submit is Nov26
Just arrived in Taos, unfortunately I am skiing in Angel Fire tomorrow. With
ugh!!! Hope you start healing soon!
I know you too, how is everything?
So sweet of you for retweeting. Thank you, dearest!
Newsflash: having kids before youre ready is more often than not a fucking terrible idea
it's fixed now, thank you.....
Thanks for the FF.
is pissed off!
i say all this to say, you better have some goddamn stories when i see you bwah
having the same problem, waiting on the 5, let me know which one you go with.
I heard she wasnt gone neva cheat nd neva make no moves
Congrat! To my son Marco Brent graduation from Memphis Melrose High School. Home of the Golden Wildcats!!
are you really getting a hog? i've been wanting to get one for so long
They're doing it again?
Interesting question
Can't wait to see what is in store!
That's probably fair. He'd be inheriting a nice team though. Too bad markets play such a big role.
When should you slow the game down? 1) When playing an opponent who is better than you 2) When ur opponent struggles with their half court O
Wait, what happened to Clay Rapada?
America's most wanted vs march madness...tough
Okay, okay, we got a little traction. I'm rubbing the cotton swab on the #DCPS injection site for some critical pedagogy.
Great you?
Finally learned how to make myself throw up. What new adventures shall arise?
Joel Anthony playing like a animal
Why would people ever fear someone who rules with an iron fist? What, are they going to neatly press your clothes with it? I'd welcome that.
whenever he needs anotha #1 hit ya girl got some songwriting skills & some classics just for him
Just raced a kid to the bus stop and won! Yes I was driving and he was running and I'm a grown-up. So what?!
“: I ain't go say nun!!!”we gotta lot of homework to do.
HOWDY HOW ARE YOU?
that's the truth. Saw him open for Moe Pope, you and Lif at Lifmas at Church a couple winters back.
HA. Yes, let's work on that please!
with the pick 6! always plays big on Sunday night!
I'm staying off carbonation too, it caused me to faint #truestory Now it hurts my throat Ice Tea helps. A lot. Good luck!
Ribs are ready to be eaten! Come by the Shack at 24th and San Antonio St.
It's a great weekend to buy a new Lennar Home! Who's out home shopping today??
Life is like Facebook. People will like your problems & comment, but no one will solve them because everyone is busy updating theirs.”
maybe we can go on a little cupcake outing over the holidays?? sounds yummy!
All the world is a stage and I want to be off-stage!
Do you ever sleep? ;)
I don't wanna go to skool tomorrow I have a stupid español test. NO ME GUSTA!!!!!!
hey there! actually it was not my research. the link i shared was had info i found which i thought might be of general interest
I got soo much respect I can loan you some! _Nussie
SEUL neighborhood assoc. rep says her volunteers are tired & frustrated that CompPlan must be completed in 18 mos.
A "racist" is either one of those 11 dudes, or a Black person who says that racism is a major problem.
Well, that was a horrible way to start off the day. Let's see how well I can improve it.
I miss you all so much. Follow the account i use now, or.
who me?
Who was the first Major League Baseball player to be drafted into service during #WWII?
um duh! <3
As if.
That's easy. The one from Naked Gun.
I'm so bad at tweeting now
haha yeah wasn't much better than bays gym
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
ever been weighed by your supervisor?
I don't know you tell me boo
At the end of your day, are you really happy with what you've done with that day that you can't get back?
sounds like an interesting class
Everyone is like a butterfly, they start out ugly and awkward and then morph into beautiful graceful butterflies that everyone loves.
shit man juss chillin been in the hospital getting surgery but cant wait till im healed so i can get back to rappin. you?
The city of Memphis is on suicide watch
Sometimes it's just nice to know that there are nice people in this bad world.
Based on personal experience...no win situation...look for another position elsewhere
hey bro
Town Hall Meeting tonight for Langston/Carver neighborhoods 7:15 pm to 8:30 pm, @ DC Family Health and Birthing Center, 801 17th Street, NE.
I keep my fingers crossed for you, from the other side of the ocean!
Unfortunate problem with pre-press for Volume 17 and 18 is causing a delay :( We are emailing latest update now!
is back from minneapolis. is better for the company i kept.
Hello Sheena, im also nu 2 NAPW in Central Florida..& a chid of da most high GOD.love 2 connect...Blessings!!
whoops well think I'm in love with
breaking in the new spot tomorrow - time to suit up
Yippy! NO MORE WIND. I'm not scared to go outside and poo anymore! X
depends on when you go! Doing anything for #sxsw?
Chris Brown part in "Think Like A Man" gone be short as hell
- in the mean time i need to be working on getting my license.
Well I tried to submit! I'm somewhat skeptical about my linkup button but I refuse to try do anything else on my phone tonite!
MT "..our work isnt done until POC's, low income, and immigrants have other ways than joining the army"-Rea Carey
why am I the only one taking advantage of the free unlimited mimosas???
"...We're here to broadcast messages with the device."
Crossroads in Fredericksburg tomorrow night @ 9pm! Then the Benefit @ Nutty Brown Cafe on Sunday! (my set time has changed to 7:50-8:25)
"it's hard to drink with a mustache" -
Act like a lady, think like a man. Yeah, I'm going to read this, again. I need a refresher.
Had self-titled, Emotions & #1s. Also like Obsessed single; I Wanna Know... is ok. haven't heard rest of Memoirs tho.
this tweet mean i have 32 followers
where u be hooping?
Good one..
It's time for me to step up and win this $640 million lottery once and for all!
Karaoke tonight! Don't want to miss it!
Ready for these fights !
Just threw away all of the junk food in my house. Back on the healthy train tomorrow. I apologize in advance for any bitchy comments.
Every tub must stand on its own bottom
Its what he does best!! RT : seriously, you don't know when to stop pushing do you?
One thousand miles away and your still a jerk #lolols #mylife #typical #whatevs 👌 👋
Nope. Chances are you'll be back in the states before she's here!
we did better this year without those 2 players, no one is bigger than the team, however RVP is not leaving
Ready for Liquid this summer? You can see me there during the day and The Bank at night
so wht you trying to say ?
Excellent. Guess we'll always stay in touch, weirdo.
The sweetness of victory is magnified by the effort it took to achieve it.
Yo Ravens Nation! Go follow my Fav New Raven..!! He's on and we gotta support him!
Nope, sorry. Laptop hard drive incident. Next year we'll just livestream the whole thing.
#RIPPaulaCarasig well always love you <3
Right now I'm writing my third novel. Love this!
Thanks to UMN_IT for the follow. We really appreciated the collegiality and expertise that you brings as partners in the CIC
If locations run out, they should be contacting us for more. Which locations did you visit?
Philosophy teaches us how to be precise in the use of language. Philosophy and Twitter teach us how not to be verbose.
hahah well just look up what it means, that's enough to curve your curiousness.
The privye seale shall be affixed anew to protect from the stynking sulphurous death and flaming destruction of Sakhr and his Armies of Fyer
Good Afternoon everyone... Today is National Fire Day, put out your fire with a Ice Cold Stinky Gringo Margarita at Sobelmans Pub and Grill
I have contacted 15 venues about booking this am... Results in ONE gig il be happy
hey #12ntcradio, what about setting up a #12ntc radio list?
What is your favorite music genre?
Baby you ain't had no freaky shit like this (;
you're insecure, don't know what for. you turning heads when you walk through the door.
QUOTES: "Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today." - James Dean
#ThatDepressingMoment when Doesn't even notice you :'(
There has to be a paradigm shift within you first before you can attempt to help others
The girl with the dragon tattoo is the bourne identity for feminists
Contest: Follow & RT for chances to win a $100 Starbucks Card. Great 4 on the road or around the block
looks like you are into the nature photography. nice - I'm not sure I'd do well in that environment ...
lol they actually poppin in the streets tho look up alley boy or trouble
OHMYGOOD! just sub to me on youtube!
What is the past tense of "glide" ??? Anyone?
Hey miss your face! Come to Madison again and I'll buy you a drink.
Portland public high students had the idea of giving teacher evaluations to each teacher in the district. How do you think that went over?
Really, really impressed with so far. Easy interface, accurate story suggestions. A big help when browsing time is limited.
#rant people who have macbook pros and only use them for facebook
Whatever happened to whole hearted, honest #marketing like Ms. Cleo the telephone psychic with the fake #Jamaican accent?
Attractive woman + bad attitude= ugly woman.
Don't worry, Me, , and will be there soon.
thanks! Stay tuned to the site or here for more info as we get closer to launch
When I create a lot of my art, I like to have a movie on in the room. This time it was Adaptation starring Nicholas Cage. His best
It's a beautiful day in the mile high city.
The vanished politician affair « Dhaka Courier
will you get a profile picture already?
Listening to s song #Boyfriend on the Radio! !!!♥
We all borrow from each other, that's just art!!!
Warm, uplifting event last night at Herbst Theatre for Community Housing Partnership. Everyone rocked!
hahahhahahah pretty obvious that something like that would happen lol :P you and your friends are crazy hahahaha
I've been waiting here for 8 hours to get a Happy Birthday from you! -__-
reading somebody's tweets and realizing how much you screw up with that person. it sucks. :(
#confession I'm a follower of God!
I love not being taken seriously.
Aww shucks! Thanks! But I have to say you, , and made the delicious goodness. You guys are
and btw...Ill spread the word about how awful you guys are! Nurses mocking an injured patient...classy!
bowl-UW 82 degrees at kick-off is 6th warmest for a Rose Bowl
I am really kind of sad today! But for every sad day life can always get better so here is to better days!
MERRY CHRISTMAS
It's never a good idea to fall asleep on the bus. #yearbookpictures :/
Off to Ponchos for some tequila tasting. First time I'll be trying an añejo.
DeLeo notes that Reps. Moran and Michlewitz are on hand as well ... "Not that I take attendance."
" No matter what happens, you will always overcome it."
": There's no slowing me down. Three more shows added to my 50th Anniversary Tour. The Silver Legacy, NV you rock sylvia....
eww why so much make up is this real
You dont talk to me at all anymore, yet you expect me to just say hi? Right
Lakers extends their winning streak to 3 with a victory over the hornets! NY at LA on Sunday! The rest test for the show!
I made it up
Bad girls should support too!!!
Def!! We have happy hour 5-9pm, 2 for 1 cocktails and its going to be rockin all night long!
Folks, if you DM'd me in the past week, I don't know how to respond. Twitter has redesigned and hidden that feature. Send me an email.
thank you my sister!! We are so excited!
Tonight's chat w/Joyce #Maynard no exception: moving, inspiring, fun.
Hope! Always remember to hope and dream.
Cool rainy day at home turkey in the oven and put the Christmas train around the tree.
True, but instagram is so pseudo-hipster I can't handle it. I didn't get on this bandwagon soon enough to find it worthwhile.
Ha ha ha! Exactly!
Fellas yall better stop talkin bout #LebronHairline cuz urs will be next! I love my locs so Im not makin any jokes
thanks man. We have our line drills and valve shut down drills rolling smooth. You rock amigo that was a blast today
U Welcome & Thanks
family time is like no other time...different personalities and insiders:)if only I could see them everyday:)I am blessed that they <3 me
I can't keep up with your turning tables Under your thumb, I can't breathe... So I won't let you close enough to hurt me No, I won't
i feel u my babe will pick
& are doing a good job on the coverage at The River - Cheers!
New tunes are sounding great and we can't wait to play them for you at our next show. Stay tuned for more info coming soon!
keeping it real is the path to die hard respect.
why so violent after lunch today Monica? 👊💢
Yo show today S/O MMG!
If sheriff's looked like your avi...folks would speed and get drunk just to get pulled over LOL!!
It is someone's Qualities that draw us 2 them.....but it's their Flaws we fall in love with.....
The Ville was a BLAST Saturday night! We had so many fans and new friends there! Getting ready for my show on the 10th .
thank you girl!!!!!! I hope I see you very soon :)
We pay cash for cars... Call us now at (770)873-3676 or Toll-Free at 855-587-CASH(2274) The average pickup time is between 24-48 hours...
Bernay's legendary holiday cookies cookies are here! I brought green bean casserole infused with bacon for our our Thanksgiving lunch. -CH
#Artfact- The Statue of Liberty is the largest hammered copper statue in the world.
I appreciated Jeff Reichert's piece on "Anything Else" but completely disagree - I thought it was hilarious and brilliant!
Each #Thanksgiving, Americans eat some 700 million pounds of turkey, or almost 50 million turkeys.
Been there, thats the worst dude. I think trying to get over it is the best way around that, it's just really hard.
Lmao wow this page is only gone be following famous ppl
Oh Christina what is wrong with you.
Fruit pad charging and synced. Ian is testing usability of the phone app on the tablet.
The Guto is a self-made man who worships his creator.
man, dont remind me. gonna hate watching him leave because #NOLA will be a battle ground for recruits
Only item I own from a MLB player is Anthony Bass's AFL Jersey. Everything else is prospect stuff.
The word "bed" looks like a bed.
Austin has no idea how much of an impact he has made on my life <3
Eugene! I miss the boyz
I believe it could be either. It's a great way to maintain flexibility and try out different practice locations.
The amount of respect I have for some people...... lol.
research is awesome. Especially when you are pinning monkeys to pinterest boards.
loll right.
Busy Week.Only 5 weeks til school is out
Thank you so much
Ready for 2012, but not ready to go back to reality or work tomorrow...LOL
has some of the best tweets,
