Hunger Games was good last night ~ XD
You rock!!! Thank you I give you all the credit! : Congrats!!!!
they were tight
Daily Quote~ ”Good things come to those who wait… greater things come to those who are willing to work for it”
RT : seriously, is just completely stealing our GSA vids without credit.
just got off work and to the Village!
Sorry. I'm quite bitter tonight.
Yay! RT Yesterday I got eggplant curry at Monsoon. I may find myself wandering by there again today.
I wouldn't test that theory “: I think I'd do very well for myself in prison.”
Starting tomorrow every Tuesday: Firefighters, Police Officers, Military, & EMT 10% off all Hardware Store Purchases, Excl Power Tools
it's really great that my server was hacked and now my website is gone #not :(
what!? No aroma...
that works...now we need to find an investor (DJ? Eddie? Petey!)
#TCHAT Nice - similar to the adage 'focus on being interested not interesting'.
#JessicaSanchez is the next Whitney Houston. #justsayin. I'm like a proud mom when I watch her :)
Im hungry I wonder what ill eat tonight
I'd just like to thank the people who are selling tickets as the same prices they bought them for or at a reasonable price.
I could watch I.D. Discovery all day.
Fuck you #newtgingrich you're too old to steal music.
Party At Whore Hey Crib! Straight Bitches!
You got it!
Our Traminette is back for purchase at the winery just in time for your Thanksgiving feast. Great wines are meant to be shared.
at my sister house, about to leave. 2 more days out this week...who hooo.!!!
French embassy party now rockin the convertible hair
Group Reformer and PULSE are coming up at 5:30!
Don't sell your hair to a wig shop! Get !
Congrats Ben Summerton! You won an #RIT hub buddy. Go to the RIT Alumni table to claim your prize.
Live roller derby, this Saturday!!! Do you have your ticket yet? rocderby.com!
Shake harder! ": What is this sorcery, Gaga? [Shakes fist angrily]"
WATCHING VIDEOS OF CHILDREN REUNITING WITH THEIR PARENTS WHO CAME FROM IRAQ! :'( SAD!!!!!
Do you like reading? Have you read The Mortal Instruments? If you haven't you should it's an amazing series!💗😄 it's like 😲
Good morning world!
I'm sure you'll find someone to go on a date with you. don't be discouraged
RT if you have at least listened to #SaySomethin by: more than 5 times<3 (;
Good morning, sciatica. I would love to make you coffee but I. can't. get. up. O.o
Obesity figures are troubling. New trends need to be countered in some way.
Party bus to appleton
where are the #Nadal #Federer tweets??
: Hi Ivana! That was so nice of you to say hello! Hope you are well too!! :)
Ack. Whatever it is, I'm sorry and sending you good wishes.
Plenty of room in the far side of the room.
African Proverb Tell me who your friends are, so I can tell you who you are.
Anyone having trouble with connectivity on Ubuntu Oneiric? Extremely frustrating.
Met's warehouse book sale includes titles I worked on decades ago. A cautionary tale re: need for better print run calculations--or POD.
Thanks for the shout out Sara!
Tonight playing at Trumpets-NJ with Dean Johnson on bass and Winard Harper-drums Shows at 8 pm and 10
Live update. All my disc 1 saves work but disc 2 says the game needs a update but it can't be found :(
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
wonders is it champagne time yet?
I'm not the only one who refers to the carpool lane as The Nerd Parade right?
Thanks for what you've done, sir.
Wouldn't that be a Kingess?
Dear Jeff Saturday, come to the Packers. I hear and are two of the better-smelling guards in the NFL.
Do you have a Kindle? Do you have a home? I have some great news: Spend 99 cents ONCE and save a fortune on repairs and improvements forever
on my own just lifted right now.
Happy birthday
he hasn't seen it then aw....he doesn't want to see his gordita :'c
Hey, Sam. My wife is from there, so we're in town pretty often. Way more vegan options, for sure. Real foodie paradise, overall.
thank you so much <3 !
thanx for stopping in!
I need a new workout playlist.
lol have fun:)
kernel panic while my IDE accesses virtual memory scares me a bit .. backing up and committing my code soon.
Always! Of course. ;)
speaking of this, we just enabled 64-bit support on m1.small and c1.medium instances (literally last night) ;)
cool, will do
text me and we can figure something out! ;-)
Beautiful day in MKE. Perfect for a long run while listening to A Tribe Called Quest's Midnight Marauders album.
Looking at the book this week … bit.ly/roTwAx … What kind of "animal skills" do you bring to your job hunt?
Morning tweeps!! Happy mothers day!!
. it's all good (though a shirt would be cool). :-) thx for having a while back. long live daytrotter!
Engine failure? Again? Two months before my wedding? Awesome. VW, I HATE YOU.
I've spent the last hr hanging my jewelry w/my dresses for our cruise. I have issues-at least I've aknowledged it ;)
yeah we might I'm not real sure. Haha. Try it thoughh
lmfao the second "y" doesn't mean that and oh
haha yeah random black kid
Overgrown landscaping can be inviting for potential thieves. Trim large bushes and hedges so thieves don’t have a place to hide!
Wanna send a shout out to for blessing us and letting us come Into their church. Amazing people!!!
Thanks for recommending on #Spotify. Good tunes.
Ripped off by Service Magic? Drop me a note!
Turned to love.
My dad is for real asking to be punched in the face tonight.
We extend our deepest sympathies to his family, friends and teammates during this difficult time
When u wake up tomorrow you have no reason to not make it a day to always remember because it deserves that kind of attention!
Just folded and did a keg stand. Omg that was fun.
i forgot to mention she let me know it wasnt her on the web over 3 years ago so just fuck off
if you don't want an enemy don't fuck with my life
Thank you for following us!
Blockbuster Online quick to jump at Netflix fee increase -- did you get your postcard in the mail?
Dear Chevron Board of Directors, please remove your dicks from my ass. You despicable greedy fucking swine bastards. Warmly, JP
Thanks for the follow! Sorry I missed your shoot at the Next time!
Maybe I should spill all my guts, or write a letter then tear it up.
#liber2011 Paul Ayris, UCL and President of LIBER, launching the opening plenary session.
try adding "but don't worry, it wasn't a sex dream this time"
RT : GOING TO CRABBY BILLS. #whatwhaaaaaaaaat. ~LOVE! Enjoy it!
Idon Got Yo Number No Mo ... SEND IT TO MY DM
Every rose has it's thorn 🌹
So cute! Hope you have a great Easter!
good, ill be in yhu class monday, what block do yhu have mayes?
Format evolution requires new infrastructure. Ebook session. Porter
good afternoon julia
Thank you! I look forward to following you. Tell Mozh hello! Small world - and I hope to soon be working with King & Spalding!
Aww, thank you! I'm really looking forward to it. Already piping the tween music through my earbuds.
i guess he went to sleep -_-
Anna Berkes now speaking about Marie Kimball - first curator of Monticello. Go, Anna!
Please don't click any link from me via twitter if it says something about a "bad rumor". It's spam. Sorry!
Then you still have time to me Mr. Right-now in the LIRR bathrooms... ;-)
I think #Clippers enjoy these trail from behind early starts
Thanks for the #FF!
Door knocking in Aliante tomorrow...who needs to sell their home?
is glad Monday is over......what a freaking day!!
Bummed that I couldn't make it to #strataconf this year. I'll just have to wait and watch the full video compilation in my underwear.
Good morning!! I'm about to go jogging!! I enjoy it much!! :)
#ImMadAsHellBecause we pay for PLENTY of government as it is. I am unalterably opposed to pay for more.
LAST MINUTE GIFT IDEA: Give the gift of Future Waffles via a Sweet Iron Gift Card! M...future waffles...
QR codes are rapidly #growing in popularity.. they're easy to implement and offer excellent connectivity with your customers
Have you lost a tooth recently? We can certainly help...Cosmetic Surgery is our specialty! Call us for an appointment today 858-352-7890
Green eyes look good on everyone else except me go away eyes please
Awesome! I can't wait!
Nothing better than spending time with the one you love & who loves you back
RT Gronk'd spiked that puck tonight into 4 pieces!
MY GUESS: It's NOT Duckie.
I know you!! Thanks so much for the RT! :) More to come, I hope!
About to hear some Chopin Mazurkas played on a fortepiano. Private show.
My mom forever gotta stop and do something as soon as we about to walk out the door smh
. She doesn't suck, and DOES sing in at least three songs on album "Five Days in JULY" Maybe she's human and made a mistake.
Love Summerland. Great town.
Some people are so rude..
Barney Frank PP: The House under Republican rule is 1/2 Michele Bachmanns and 1/2 those afraid of losing a primary to people like Bachmann.
Pathetic to get nothing in the 2nd there, Caps dominated the puck. It seemed like they were on PP.
want to use too. i like it better than mw3
Headed out this morning for NY - seeing an old friend, doing a show in NY and then services and concert in MA - going to be a fun weekend!
not really Taylor and antonia are crazy AF! And ur mean to ricky
Oh I didn't see your previous tweets. Glad they are on the way!
will it be legit if he credits Will and Grace for his #evolution as Biden did? How about Glee?
sign koppen and please trade for asante samuel!! havent heard anymore talks about samuel
is intrigued by idea that a game can teach ppl how to use auseum. Me too.
Been off of twitter for 24hr and the ish hit the fan on 's TL. Folks are cray.
Hi back at you
playing for the first time with Orchestre de Samba tonight.
Congrats to on winning Best Major Market Morning Radio Show at the #WBAAwards! So proud of the crew!
anyone can win! RT : is this contest 4 the People who live in the US only or its available 4 countries around the world
Thanks for sharing it! <3
Hahah! I Love It! (:
It's worth the wait! RT : I'm so excited to see First Date. I'm not sure I can wait til Thurs.
Sunday Brunch + You!
Good first day at NA. There are 7 baritone players! That's so many!
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising up every time we fall.”
RT : Keeping them crossed for that the weather gets cold & we can go skiing/snowboarding!
You are building another Ranch? But this time it is made from butter and/or cheese? :-)
Happy birthday Keanu Reeves, I like your name and I think you're cool.
#Imagine Harry hugs you and let's go, watching your eyes with a proud look on his face. Harry:"You're everything I ever hoped for.''
Be thankful for what u have, you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what u don't have, you'll never ever have enough. - Oprah
I'm embarrassed for Fergie
I love my post workout shake and bagel on heavy training days!
Bad girls club :)
": Bout to light some." "Some"
it's true
Awwwwh is looking good in his new avi!!! ;)
leaving soon to go get new vans :)
have a good one!
. Happy Birthday, Jenna!
I love Anne, Jay, Karen, Maura and Patricia. RT if you do, too. <3
can you tell this is awkward moment tweeting? lalalaaaa i'm listening to Hit The Lights :)
Box Office Guru Wrapup: The Avengers Stays On Top Still grossing far more than all other movies combined in its second weekend, the might
RT : Don't forget tomorrow is another great $5 Friday at mobba. Be sure to go here: www.bit.ly/aWtll8 tomorrow at 9 am PT.
We bake our cakes with great passion everyday because many people celebrate birthdays with our cakes. Happy Birthdays to all!
Wow new desktop twitter is awesome haha!! Woo
What do you call and alligator with a vest on?
i added you on facebook yesterday or the day before that im Devon Ralph Lauren Jones
She didn't like the song but she likes Gaga. Don't be delusional about the situation.
I work for #'s 281 and 21. Of course Brown is top 25. It's for wikkid smaht guys like
Is it wrong that I'm ready to go home already? Bars are so not my scene. *sigh*
We're going to Orlando soon I can't wait!:)
Well, I'll play: I'll Fall With Your Knife by Peter Murphy
Thanks for the mention.
- LOVE Stop Staring dresses, classy n' sexy...
I know, but this loss stung. Staples Center was going insane after the 1st period! Can't believe Sharks came back w/6 goals!
Give a man a fish, feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, feed him for a lifetime. -Lao Tzu
omg dats not good hope u feel better soon remember dat a we are a family I will always luv u no matter wat happens!!
He's done after this season. The new Illini AD will want to put his stamp on the program by picking the new head coach.
Aw, - right back at ya!!
Happy birthday!!! Sorry about the Lexus...
tonight was a full yellow moon with lights hitting sky. I felt fearless as I stared at it outside. Umm weird..but tonight is
Do you have Warm Radiant Floor Heating? We can help you stay warm! www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Jan newsletter available
Soo tired. Going to bed z. Was with my baybeeee all day :)
When she asks for more! #ThirstyBitch haha freakn and got me into this thirsty bitch shizz ;p
Mcgwire hit 49 home runs in 1987 as a rookie.
will you be there before the event? Kind of want to hangout before the shit get real
Nothing like having your last bit of hope squashed
Ouch! Shouldn't have made her angry then :P
Might have taken me almost 5 months to realize that you are the one i want to spend my life with, but thats ok. <3 i love you babe.
Google docs has spoiled me. Didn't recently save in my Word doc and accidentally lost the work from the last 45 minutes. F.
That's pretty dang amazing! Way to go! RT : #WeighEveryday says 182 lbs / 24.8%. First 12 lbs were easy; next 12 harder.
Did you read "Starcatchers"?
Good ? and advice.
I Always Cry At The End Of 'Shottas' =/
DIMELO~ Im out the loop right now mane. I'll be back end of the month tho and I'ma be
Thanks for the #FF! Back at ya!
Finn's speech just made me vom in my mouth
Thanks so much for the heads up, Chris! Also, it was great to meet you in person finally!
keep hangin' in there cause one day its gonna get better ~WordsOftheParentz
makes fun of me bc I watch over and over
i want my braces off already omg
Usher isn't really dead hush
cool... I look like a turtle
"Remember God would never take something away from you without the intention of replacing it with something much better."
Melo with great D under the rim!
Have you heard news-Bpt CT superintendent is also consulting for Illinois and looking to replace counselors with volunteers?
Looking for a prom dress today was a FAIL.
Don't get sued over that tweet RT Joey Crawford calls non-shooting foul. Joey admits, "To be honest with you, I don't know"
Finish strong!
lol yeah, ridiculous right?
Math and science
Who's got whooping cough? Or had it. Or knows someone who does? Hit me back!
are you here??! How about Coyotes?!
It's Friday that's the motto playa yolo
oh gosh. "call me maybe".
I think the Academy didn't even see Tree of Life.
Looking forward to your performance at Friday's TEEN NIGHT : an event planned by TEENS for TEENS!
hm this is true! I like the way I think Bonnie!! Hahah
Bouta go party wit me white boys tonight!
I love you and one day i'll tell u in person and i'll hug ou too and i'd never let u go. haha
you need more potassium. Eat a banana today!
thank you! I'm having fun with it already :)
Brweres lost. Cardinals suck yo as
well either way, good luck!! :) i know i couldn't do it so kudos to you, dear!
I Can't Believe It's Not Autism
On my way to Wet Lounge.. Who's going??
Tim Clark of the Buffalo Film Office joins us for the "Made in New York" panel, Sat. 12:30 Curtis
Twitter Tuesdays left with the warm weather. New specials on the way after the new year. We do have happy hour 4-8pm!
Spread the word at #planningness?! We wish we were there, but alas we must campaign.
Wow. The RAPID GENE is first clinical instant genetic test I've heard of - could be a game changer if it's implementable on a larger scale.
Square. It works, but there are a few issues since I take numbers; don't have cards to swipe. I can give a full rundown if you want...
Ran for 44 mins and felt great.
Thor - dug it. Ready for sequel, and Avengers...
i just did the catdaddy now everybody is looking at me lol
PS3 slim supports BraviaLink, and Netflix coming to BraviaLink TV's this fall. Does that mean Netflix on PS3 also?
Nice to see you back on Twitter :)
Where is Johnny Cochrane,now that Kanye can use a lawyer. Oh,yeah,He's dead and O.J. is in jail. Too bad, Kayne, maybe keep your mouth shut!
i was going to tell you not to ever go back on that pole again but god works before i got a chance 2 you had just tweeted it
I miss my baby :-(
what a handsome pup! Of course he is welcome!
I sent your post on Dr. Pepper using our data to Will Feltus & he has an answer to "Why." If you DM your email I can send. Tx
K. O'C.:says look at board to see who is in your area. Alert editors about probable reactions to papers if disagreement in field.
I is happy :)
I here just as many, if not more, bad things being said about our Pres. by the Pro Left as I do the GOP. Somethings wrong here.
To truly understand what is coming at the end of the year you must know "How long it takes a bird to become a bird again"
I think...no I'm sure that you've got yourself a deal there :)
lmaoo, but my dad loves me he's taking me to KFC :3
Sounds delicious.
I'm gonna name my son Henrik
Square box Round pizza Triangle slices im so confused.
Be on the lookout for our new video airing this weekend called Electric Outreach. It's going to be dub-tastic!
isn't it ironic that i don't follow you? Tagging me in tweets sure shows me
shoulda left hi ass along time ago *singing*
Thankyou so much Liz. You are so kind and I am humbled. GBY back!
Its nice out side but its cold out there some b's but I'm Anit mad I still got to go to Work anyways so enjoyed the day
"MOM COmE OVER ITS IMPORTANT" "What happened!" "Can you turn off my light" ;)
Wow! So much support frm fellow Loyals n u.Im definitely takin all ur guys advice n stayin on the+ side.Mom n I r tight again.
Did anyone else notice Schue graze Quinn's ass right there? No? Okay.
what! you quit #wafflehouse? where do you get your steaks from now?!
I'll save you some lol
I"m offering a free CD to anyone that recommends my page to their friends.
will be performing Live tonight!!! at Endless Music with the Twerk Team. Get there Early!
I hate to say it but my cousin Russel Westbrook is goin ham on my Lakers . .
On my way to the Washington Bridal Showcase at The Convention Center in Washington, DC. Stop by and see us at booth # 718.
well she just got back to me...inspection is on the 12th...let's hope it passes...PRAY FOR ME PLEASE =D
Left is Right | NPR Publicizes Students' Campaign Backed By Left Wing Organization - News Busters
The jesus guy is at the union
Best Buy releases list of stores to close this year: Pummeled by e-commerce giant Amazon, the big-box retailer said last month that i...
Oh right the Jon Hamm one. Probably should get better at this Twitter business...
"You can't run without the ball and Ekpe will certainly help with that." Hammond on Udoh.
YES! Greeeaatt Face! Very into character.. Wonderful performance..
hey, quit looking at my truck
If you were a transformer, you'd be octomisFINE. hot damn.
Let's GO RAMS! “: Damn hurry up selection show”
no problem Anna!! And yes, I'm pretty sure dropbox will allow one way submissions, but I'm not entirely sure.
I've learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions and not on our circumstances.
#FF More outstanding members!
yeah that was you
Oh bitch if I was there!!!
The only economy that matters, that can actually put money in your purse, wallet, or the cracks of your sofa, is the economy created by you…
If you don't know your own worth and value, then don't expect someone else to calculate it for you.
it's like you're listening to heart speak, Chopper ...
I wish I could do yoga and write essays at the same time.
he had a fast car...
Thanks for spreading the word!
Candidate for Secretary: Eda Sarac. Platform: involvement, mutual understanding, seeing more and different faces at GSA meeting.
say goodbye, say hello ♥
although that quote doesn't really correspond with the link you sent. Oops.
that n OPI
Thanks for the Shout Out !
...or should i just call you...a rather conflicted individual? Haha
wonder how much lager was consumed that night?
will be up your way tomorrow for --its at Dadeland Marriott. Will you be around?
Christine Bovee~ Doubt whom you will but never yourself.
thanks for the follow, Shaun!
that moment when you with your best friend and they do something stupid and all you can say is "This nigga..." >>>>>>>>>>
wow!! quite an eye opener. confirms why i don't read the national review. ; D
This was not always the case in the US. They were reversed in the 80's/90's and before...
ok, great! Looking forward to see your insights posted there :)
Big Al! I miss ya girl. Are you still a Macys?
Leadership is not rational.
Thanks for the RT's!
i just hate it when ppl judge just because your a #CeNation fan matter what you say i will always be a #CeNation fan
This might srsly eff up my end of the semester productivity. Guess I'll just have to read it really quick!
is the mom of our Mahomie family without her Austin wouldnt be this far,she has encouraged him to keep following his dreams<3
Wow. Thank you! It's amazing so far. More than I could have dreamed of.
RT : Just heard Board Member Eric Lax on talking Woody Allen!
Yes, the year 2031 is officially on notice.
Check your settings, you may have important first. (Look left, click arrow next to inbox, click classic)
I wonder, is it possible to survive falling out of an airplane 10,000 ft in the air
QT : he's kinda hot//like the sun is kinda hot.
Thanks to everyone who is trying to get MAHONE IS AMAZING trending ♥ ♥ ♥
ah, good stuff re: rock and roll hall RT He wasn't. Mike D and Ad-Rock read a letter from MCA though.
I only kiss her when she on it
After 1.5 years, I got a window-by-proxy. Not actually *next* to a window.
Thats a sexy ass.
your deep in the uniqlo color sock game. I'm looking for even more colorful options though.
David Ferriero, National Archivist, wants EVERY PIECE of the archive -billions - digitzed #dpla If it is not online, it doesn't exist.
I got this covered. About half of tree fiddy
“: Yeah except the Redskins movie doesn't end with winning the NFC East / NFC. BOOM!” Why so bitter bruh?
can't get the ambition up to write a few christmas cards... yes, yes. I need to do it. I'll open some wine. red, liquid, motivation!
"Hey I heard you're looking for a gentleman, is it okay if he's Australian too." Actually it will be Wonderful :)
“: How dis you answer? RT : Reed just asked me "do girls take boys money?"” I said, "Only the smart ones"
RT : Where do good ideas go to die? Answer: Good ideas don't die.
Barbara Streisand's sister, Roslyn Kind, joining us in a few minutes on KUSI! Beautiful voice!
Try the Tiny Toon Tippler, made w/ Stoli Orange, half & half, Aloha OJ & triple sec, topped w/ whipped cream & sprinkles! It's a lil' loony!
this memphis-okc game is worth more than the entire lakers-mavs series combined
hope #kidchocolate dominates tonight, he'll be throwing hershey kisses all night!!!
Put some lime in a swisher and twist it all up
idk I told her to leave me alone and she did
I plan on it!! He owes me some dimples!! Lol
it fits right in with most of the other books in the erotica sub-genre as far as the sex goes. In my opinion, of course.
Crushed ;) x
Preppin to go out for brunch. This can always be a little dangerous - will I be ok or will I be in recovery all day?
I have a paragraph left for my project, then I have to fix my paper, journal, and make my visual T.T
Shit eating grins everywhere at Bruce Wow, one of my fave nights ever Now Jimmy at hype hotel
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about. ♥
Companies attending #packexpo cautious, but not freaking out about possibility of double-dip recession.
Category 11-a winner is WMAQ
Thanks to for giving CodeSquare a great platform to support it's growing user base... crucial tool for us!
Yessir! I want my only worry to be "is the tide gonna reach my chair" RT Saul me too! I love their song Knee Deep too
We get in on Friday around 11AM - the Shinding event is Monday at 11AM. I need to check the sched for breakout sessions.
Come on now not 1 member of the #JBC2012 has committed 2 Georgetown or any school in Colorado really guys really...
Cute little Toby is so shy:) Kinda like someone else we know....lol
Hi !!! How about Patrick Jane & Teresa Lisbon on "The Mentalist"? My favorite crime duo on TV right now in my opinion.
thanks man, I appreciate the kind words., it is amazing that something this serious goes unhandled by them isn't it?
I miss those days.....
i hate that i have to wait till tomorrow to workout.
Long monday over with
All of these #loveindy tweets make me love Indy. :)
I got home....ate J.I.B.,,eh its alright
People always think i'm older than I really am. I don't know what it is. Maybe the dress clothes all the time...
Another spanking down! Go Heat!
who directed Lets Do Woop it Again?
's next guest is Maria Semple, The Prospect Finder, to discuss mining your data to reveal relationships
Uncle Jim just got called by groupies! It's so nice spreading good cheer everywhere....
the only thing making me happy at this point : Megatron and the Decepticons in this great movie
I might be going to that date! Is that a gold date? What's the venue called?
I am waiting at the doctor as well. Thankfully not as long as you but still annoying! Hope your day gets better!
GM! We're hard at work sending clients properties. Large townhomes are hot at the moment. What do you prefer? Condo vs. Townhouse?
wut up myspace! its been a minute
“There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.” -Anais Nin
Someday, Someone Will Walk Into Your Life And Make You Realize Why It Never Worked Out With Anyone Else.<3
I'll never tel
I feel so lame-__-
Hi there. Our co-founder is a fellow USC alum. We'll be in SF soon to talk with angels. How can we learn more about Tekton?
Great day at the State Capital yesterday for the annual celebration of the Film & TV industry here in NM!
I've been on WW since January and I keep losing and gaining the same 5 lbs..boo.
Rushing out of work/last table to go to the bar and be THAT annoying last patron to leave
Back to LA, Denver after that, lots of work to do... Big week!
noodles in the cup..
It's like getting into the ring and the only skills your opponent has is the rope-a-dope. #dustbiters .)
so it decided to turn into wintertime on my bike ride home.
Haha RT : I think the game was a sellout too. I'll have to check with to see if I'm wrong about that though.
Moved, played nurse to an ailing sister, held a baby shower for 60 people and now, WE'RE BACK!
#333rd cool thing about Seattle's Ravenna Third Place: their pub serves popcorn with truffle oil and sea salt. #334th: they sell my books:)
crazy fight
close batting 19 points more than you against lefties
you know it :D
+1 RT I have learned that there is NO single role museum folk play. That's what makes talking to one another so great!
My husband gave me a V-card that says: "When I see you tiny cartoon hearts float above my head..." now I remember why I married him. Sweet!
Under the trees of
wtf u talkin bout someone keep tweeting you you jumped in my mentions and keep hopping back in my mentions wtf?
if you live in a free country tweet
oh... i initially thought that read 'oversucked auctions'.
,he is not lebron or wade,dont u see him getting mugged with no calls.i ll be shocked if he attempts 6 ft's all game
"That Shining Night" Hope you all will be joining us next Wednesday 18 3pm Sunshine Cinema for a screening for the Soho Film Festival.
what's wrong? :c
I won't be able to make it there till around 5. Will you folks be at the Ignite Spatial talks?
I LOVE this!!
Agreed - whiteboards need love too.
Why? why? why? why? why?
I can be a lover, a hater, a fighter, a player, a game player but that just ain’t my style. I’m nothing but a mystery with a pretty smile.
Coffee was 39 cents a lb. Sugar was 29 cents for 5 lbs. A big loaf of bread was 19 cents.
good and you
Thompson Library open til 2am for finals Sun-Wed, June 5-8 Good luck everyone on your exams!
Toga toga toga!, road trip this summer with all my people
"We can't keep chocolate in stock (due to popularity)," -- Susan Lyne of
"Share in 3 seconds if you like god" lol because a fb post will make you religious.
I've always wanted to be "the client". Make the logo bigger!
:( Mean postal service, didn't they see FRAGILE written all over?! Hah.
My little Texas tornado is one of my all-time favorites. I can't believe your uncle wrote it! Let's boogie to Nashville.
I've never been this excited for a trip that's over a year away that I have to pay for lol! VEGAS!!!!
attd news alert solid buys coning in fast
Thats it! RT : a2 no, but it should embrace the power of employee brands to enhance the social business.
You must remain focused on your journey to greatness. – Les Brown
haha we have extra free chiddy bang tickets if you wanna come down tonight.
perhaps Watson's red-headed step-child?
Shake the haters off! The rest of us still love ya! Who cares what they say!
"i wasnt drunk" "dude you called my fat brother winnie the pooh cos he was carrying a jar of honey"
Yes! And it was so...nomnom. I think that is the technical term?
just dropped a "DTF" reference in her #techtrends talk. That has to be a first, even for
Hai majide! Go linda - kick some ass one more time!
nor will you. It's not part of the American Dream. Gotta want bigger, better, stronger, faster.
master debating.
And if they look away you are in control.
Thank you!!
Friend:"Here's some gummies, share with everyone." Me:"SHARE?!?!? I don't know the meaning of the word."
you realize the sexual connotation with that right?
I wish I would have met when I was Italy! I can't wait to see the places ur crew was at so I can point and say I was there =]
Slob on my nob like corn on the cob
Do you guys ever get a shooting pain across your body like someone has a voodoo doll of you & they're stabbing it? No? How about now?
no more Sirius?!
Hater!! I bet you've never been to a race, so keep thinking that. #closed minded
Are they really gonna put .3 seconds back on ....
I've got to go to the statue unveiling at 4:20 tomorrow on 4/20, right? got to pay the Red Headed stranger respect.
I still don't even know the zip code here 
Loving Obreht's The Tiger's Wife - thanks for the great recommendation last week as I was browsing.
Can't wait for prom today with my AMAZING girlfriend:)
RIP sportswriter Furman Bisher. He did it all w/out Google search stats/info. It all came out of his head or from extensive research.
Getting all my ducks in a row for a good winter push.
I'm really mad I got this scar right in the middle of my eyebrows
We shall see, you never know!
Much respect to for his Thanksgiving food drive. Thats what being apart of your community looks like
Thanks for the support! :) Makes my day.
down! And lunch !
found out tht the most heart attacks of the year occur when the clocks change a hour ahead
Any of you going to the concert June 2nd? Holla at me with where you're sitting! :D
Fixng up the studio
yay now we can play words with friends
The holiday season is fast approaching! My hubby always gets me wonderful gifts, but what's the worst gift you ever got?
Hey thanks for the follow! Looking forward to seeing some of your films
Born by pain die with pain
Especially if they're named Sully, Boscoe or Roger.
thanks for the RT!
Well, Kemp has a healthy hamstring.
don't do that cuz if I could get there I would..that's just rude lol
Finally off work, haven't left my damn couch. But am going to head out to get a drink and watch this football tonight. Love FB on Thursday
have fun Blaise! You'll be missed around here. See you in a few months!!
Running track
Got a good workout in..... Just made it back to the Loft finna cool for a min
“: Knicks are making stupid fouls man” theres more unnecessary whistles than necessary
Good morning peeps!
I officially can't read any more articles this month. Good thing I only have to make it two more days.
love this, happy sunday! “: Good morning. Remember everyone to thank God for another day of life :) XO”
A hug is like a boomerang....you get it back right away.....
thanks for the suggestions! for some reason never considered a govt site :)
(For the record, I did teach a 2 hour comp class in between troubleshooting & fixing that problem)
Oh god im walking to chipotle
Looking forward to watching~Praying for wondrous miracles to happen today!! God bless you, Karen & your family!!
hes amazing i have been a mahomie for so long it isnt even funny but u know what it is for a good person <3 u austin f&a <3<3!
I seriously enjoy it. Saves me from having to actually watch but allows me to enjoy the highlights. Like shoulder pads.
Thank you! stay tuned..
so sick:(
Giants parade tomorrow Puerto Rico on thursday
No matter what weather, I'm still going to wear sweats and a hoodie. It's just comfy alright...
When you love someone, Don't give up on them without a fight, Because you have to fight for the best things in life.
I'm a single mom of a teenager....No time for groups! But I believe when there's a will there's a way! Thx!
First popped collar sighting of the day! And it's lime green. Excellent.
wait u hate me :'(
At the #KentCounty #Dems meeting. Great to see so many people and speakers! Congressman Brandon Dillon is about to speak.
The reward of a good action is in the very fact of having carried out!!!!!
Oui Oui RT l love your advertising campaign. You should throw a Great Gatsby inspired party in Denver.
don't you think that's because mental illness defines a persons interactions more than a physical illness?
is right, he completes me.
- well then, sounds like I need some friends down there...or maybe I'll stop over with a bag full of money.
Bandwagon O's fans...get outta here. You weren't with us 5 or 10 years ago.
I was for awhile. Back in Florida for 2 days. See you soon!
Sandy Cheeks has a twin brother.
Good job guys on
Just finished a New Logo and Business Cards for Hair & Makeup Artist Joann Boznos! Check her out @ www.joannboznos.com
That says it all. Status quo versus Reform. There's still time. Write Fenty In on 11/2
Haha fuck bitches #sopumped about to be a crazy night
I thank Eric Chavez probably caught a flu bug or something thank God he's not injured at all.
We Haven Da Most Stupidest Argument
Re #caseyanthony, those who don't know still care and those who don't care still know. Colleague not following case:"club pics say it all."
I thought he was Barry Zito's pitching guru.
RT : Early start z. gods kitchen In Kiev tnite!
I like to name my ipod ‘Titanic’ so when it says ‘Syncing Titanic’ i click cancel and it makes me feel like a hero...
That's AFTER I let 47 of them expire last summer. Sigh.
you're the best.
Damn! I hate when I get hilarious phone calls at work and I forget to press record! Ugh!
"A writer should have the precision of a poet and the imagination of a scientist." Vladimir Nabokov, born on this day in 1899.
AJGLEKAJG KOREAN ZOMBIE!!!!!
You can't ask someone to respect you when you don't even respect yourself.
Epic night ahead
I WOOD DIE IF YOU FOLLOWED ME BUT YOU WONT EVEN READ THIS YOU WILL LOOK RIGHT OVER IT :'(
Apologies to my Words w/Friends peeps; I was WAY 2 distracted by it, and promised Miss M I'd delete it. It was delete or a 12 step program.
I love that my best twitter friend right now isn't a person...but a crepe restaurant lol. What a strange life I lead.
Law of attraction.
My biish said she can go eff another n***a. Cuz another biish told her I was effn with her.!
Am actually finding I like Twitter more than FB!!!
Never finding clothes I like..
Coming soon! 's HOW TO GET INTO THE TWIN PALMS (7/12) book trailer - rumor is it contains herring, which I cannot confirm
Who are you?
That's close to superhuman!
Only 117 to go for 1000 let's keep the love flowing instant follow back random shout outs who could ask for more
Deon Jackson had it right way back when... Just ask Billy, Sherry, Bobby, and Marshall and Baby.
I'll make you a nationals fan yet!
FACEBOOK: Where sluts complain about other sluts being sluts.
Thanks LaShea! We need to get you in a video some time!
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.-- Mother Teresa
i'm gonna spin w this sunday Get ready for a crazy night
Congrats you two. I love you both.
iO is putting the sexy in E-Villa tonight.
Chipmunk movie is out-earning a movie from the collective mind of Spielberg and Peter Jackson. There's so much I don't understand.
That's fun , Disney world ? :)
Mike Bibby doesn't make 3's anymore... wow
So, after that last doll I swore to myself... SWORE... there would be no new dolls until after the New Year. Then came Cyber Monday. *sigh*
On my soul
If you listen to constructive criticism,you will be at home among the wise. Proverbs 15:31
Happy Thursday! Closing a bit early at 5, but still lots of time to Drop In & Craft!
Done! She was an easy vote! So cute! Bring her in so we can say hi!
Home stretch. 6 weeks til we go up. Time to get these folks off book!
Broadway Bar was crazy last night!!! Bg ent
Where'd you come from, my man? Meet me in Wichita?
Happy, happy birthday!
Trey songz got sum bangers "Heart Attack" and "Sex Ain't Better Than Love" is the SH*T!!!
HARD to believe; source? "Pollination by honey bees is key in cultivating the crops that produce a full one-third of our food"
might just have to do the half!
When someone who doesnt ever talk about their feelings, Opens up to you. >>>>
Voting for a musician in a poll is a bit like listening to a politician's speech on a high end stereo system.
Apparently MONDO WON, not sure what but twitter is all abuzz.
I'm unfollowing ppl who all they talk about Is sex, like I don't wanna keep reading it everyday And u shouldn't want to talk bout it err day
Where my Carly?
Why put yourself through pain when you feel unloved? I LOVE you and ALWAYS WILL. You guys can always talk to me. I will be here
RT: VYBEnation: VYBE Nation will be in attendance tomorrow night at the #MTMSS!
...just throwing stuff out about Hillary: why wouldn't she stump for Obama even if Bill's better at it? And she's over SOS after this term?
It is the only thing that helps with my wife
i couldn't! get one of em to bring u today! i go into work at 1
Tonight will be the night I fall for you over again...... That explains it<3
It totally cracked me up! I de-veganized my lentil & rice mix with KB's yogurt/chipotle dip from our office Iron Chef. Yum!
My hotel is literally surrounded by sushi bars! Maki Maki is first up!
Craig Sager's suits should be illegal to wear in public.
The Chillow - solving your cold side of the pillow needs.
The Real-Life Ukrainian Barbie Doll | ABC News Blogs - Yahoo ...
Hey let's go play soccer at Garfield elementary :)
So, not to be random, but I really want to do Gymnastics and Dance.
They are describing me as the "life of the party" during my radio interview on WAMU.
The IAP Crafts panel will now take a break for lunch.
Nice photo, Jim.
Hey ... Need a dinner suggestion for the Falls, Germantown area... Thoughts?
Thanks for posting that!
congrats : ) Scholarships are helping my daughter also
Belated fathers day gift: taking the kids for the weekend.
Thanks the RT! Have a great day!
At Beachers with - its a madhouse!
When the best plans get cancelled /:
we dont fuck wit them out west kidds lol n that includes u to bruh
One more hour until i can eat!
I love maryanne Gallagher
sum bout yu boy lol :D
i really miss my parents...i wish i could be happy all the time every second of everyday nope thats too much to ask for
YAY me! I get to do laundry. So excited! I look forward to these moments all the time. Switching loads. Folding clothes. Yeah!
Well done!! don't know how you put up with him! HA HA HA congrats y'all.
Computer questions for us? We are happy to respond, just give us a call 775-636-8378 or send us an ^jl
That's what I've been trying to tell you guys (but with better grammar) RT : wow your a stud
the Eagles played the Giants, Cruz got AS to bite hard on a dbl move and he streaked upfield but Eli overthrew him. That..
RT : #Bono on why he is passionate abt #AIDS: For me, its a justice issue. HIV/AIDS challenged our idea of humanity and...
Be who u are, live fearlessly, more importantly knw who u are & fight for what u know is right. Ppl recognize greatness when they see it! RT
oh life...
west broadway and price lit up tonight with a great fashion party at beautiful gallary in soho:)....outstanding! i will keep you posted;)
Please do not rely on free info for your disability awareness training. Did Wells Fargo Corp. do that and get a $16,000,000 DOJ fine? :(
How others treat me is their path ~ How I respond is mine.
you dont need to say Y.O.L.O. for everything you do :\ smdh
Trouble sleeping? Don't resort to dangerous sleeping pills, when you can try #aromatherapy with a few drops of lavender essential oil!
"He's half man, half bear, half pig." "No, I think he's half man, half bearpig."
tofu and spicy lo mein YES!
Kitten mittens!
I want some shrimp fried rice lol
hahaha high hopes man...
At my sister's basketball game at 10:30 at night
You know you're a creep when you stare at the people behind you by looking at their reflection through your computer screen.
Black shades, I'm fly as hell Two Spanish bitches wid me and they fly as well,-
": My teachers give me so much homework on my busiest nights.  #gonnabealongnight" I know!!!! I'm not reading Frankenstein
Yes, it seems like a really nice country. I've always thought Europe was cool :)
RT look out for the next guy who speaks words of beauty but is butt ugly. #keeper ;) <- I will keep u in mind once that happens.
That's a possibility.
Finding Aptana to do code completion for javascript has sure made this flash developer happy. I should just call myself an Eclipse developer
Ready watch Forest Gump!
seeking sponsors to donate items, gift baskets/cards, coupons, sports items, etc for Georgia house dinner buffet fundraiser
I just saw a lady carrying a pizza box on her head. At fist I was a judgy like, what? Then I realized she was a genius.
Comeback player of the year has to go to the Animated GIF. Those were left for dead at Geocities and came back in a big way.
I love you too!
Consistently is a must factor in anything you do It's not about #Talent it's about
Thank you to all the great #dls15 presenters. I have some exciting action items to follow up on when I get home.
Winter is here so hydrate your skin with our luxury lines of skin care products!
Dunk contest was mild tho....
make your own luck :)
We went to Hollywood together to get our book onto the big screen crossing our fingers!!!
Thank you for saying what we were all thinking.
Finally watching Silent Hill, I want to play all the games as well :'(.
" TELL CONGRESS #SOPA = Suck Our Penis Assholes"
RT : Last U.S. troops out of
RT : Stories about your kids aren't interesting for long. Staying power is in how experience impacts your life.
RT : Truly being respected for what I do >>>>>>
Just got news my man Fatz got locked up on a humble shit is crazy on the streets
cm punk
Trying to get things done...
Lol baby wade! RT : said he bout to go D-wade.....let's see what he does lol
I knew it!!! You couldve at least washed it!
how do you log off or does it stay running
Ashley is the best person/sister EVER!
Went swimming today great workout and showered
Aw man those LMS days. Didn't have a worry in the world.
Now that you're following, let us know when you're in the area or if we can help you out in any way we can with parties and such!
Swear to God she's the reincarnation of Snooki. She's short, she's tan as fuck, she teases her hair and she loves pickles. Love you Jess
Perfect closure system for wine bottles combines the reliability of the screwcap with the oxygen transmission of cork
Hilarious! RT : A 4yr old ballet student of mine marched into class, wagged her finger & said, "No one. Ugly. Allowed!"
Just successfully moved into my newly redesigned office at work. All is organized and ready to go for the new year. ECSTATIC with it!
I think Dean Ambrose might just be my new favorite wrestler. Okay, Austin Aries is still better, but Moxley is money.
I did see some pink paint going on- so lets hope so!
I am not funny and Michael Jackson is dead.
And my mom got pound cake!
you sound like my dad! Haha
Trying to drive through Hollywood on the day of the Oscars was a bad idea
#I Cried When I was bullied everyday at school
great country music with a soul twist give a. Listen.
Good morning everyone!!!
to love and feel without defense or reserve.
I wonder if Samoans feel cheated losing a Friday? Why not skip a Monday?
Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful momma :*
; you guys are too damn cute. (:
Oh my dwam, the things people DM me.
Got this track by the that I did the beat for its gonna b a hit
drinking my coffee ymmm
#REGGAE with LUCIANO in South Florida THIS SUNDAY 5/20/12. ONLY $20 gen'l and $75 VIP WATCH VIDEO INVITE:...
if you do something worth a penalty.. Do you call it on yourself?!?!?
#FF Great Volunteer Tweeps to follow:
Dont ask me about my shirt
My wife and I are thinking of coming in tomorrow, but my wife wants to know if you have a patio and allow dogs?
That's a very inefficient way to clean glasses.
Thank you! :)
Haha Yeaah! And Yes!!! Uh Josh Hutcherson Is So Sexy! But Not As Sexu As Austin ;)
The OpenSpace Christmas party is tomorrow! Come drink some hot apple cider and watch A Charlie Brown Christmas with us!
Ashamed I'm on my 3rd Mountain Dew to stay awake. Disappointed that the bag of Bugles I bought won't accommodate witch fingers.
“A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits
Heading into the office.
didn't see that dogfish before-- love it!
All I see is fiends and dope boys walkin around what happened to everyone!, back in the day it wasn't like this!...fuck the shacks nigga!!!!
Tonight you shall go to for THEESatisfaction album release show w/ OC Notes & Chocolate Chuck.
I am who I am..take it or leave it. I do the best I can and if it is not good enough, BYE!!
"He's not a patient hitter!" -- KNBR caller on Brandon Belt.
#MakeAPromise ...and keep it, for fuck's sake!
Thanks I like what we are doing!
Our faculty summer read - Mojo, How to Get It, How to Keep It, How to Get It Back...by Marshall Goldsmith. Great pick!
Just discovered that Quinoa means "Yankee hippie food," in Quechua. #food joke.
Sorry lady, but wearing pants way too small for you does not look good. Muffin tops are not attractive.
My fortune cookie says "you will soon change your present line of work" good job buddha
In the foreground of that photo was ex Gina Seau- she was taking the picture.
It's Calle Ocho time everyone!! Don't forget to share your pictures with us on our page !!! Have a Great Time and Enjoy !!!
he is and it's not even close, I say all of baseball
I received my peony and the candle. The peony looks 100% real, and the candle smells divine!!
Getting a print ready to ship to AB, Canada....
Never get tired of watching the one man fast break!
Saw Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Benson walking downtown earlier tonight!!! Still kind of freaking out!
In the world have 160 000 0000 people, I just want U only
Great! Have a blast and let us know how it goes :-)
Another trip to #Costco! So much #kosher Solomon's Beef, Amnons Pizza, Brookside chocolate covered fruit. What's ner & kosher at yr #Costco?
One of the 4 Gutsy girls blogging @ stratejoy.com is living the "funemployment" now that her internship is over! Ur not alone!
I love you more!
Great session today. Thanks!
Great seeing you so close to the "anniversary!"
If everyone shits themselves when they die then I haven't given enough credit to my sphincter.
Absolutely! MT : > By marketing yourself, your work, & the company, you're elevating the community.
#libday8 excited it's Friday (ready to sleep in tomorrow), working on lesson plans, course guides, & have call w/ re: #ala12!
"redeeming love" has got to be one of my favorite books!
you NEED to come to NY I would LOVE to see you live or just in general haha luv ya!!
where can I get large backdrop with logos printed?
and i should care why?? if u dont over think it, it can make sense
Quality convo with the Pastor
ALL my life i hade to get it on my own so we going hard or we going home
is on a conference call and totally lost in translation...gotta love the UK jargon!!
"stay. no matter how hard it is to be with me. just stay" <3
That Chick Still Got Mi M'f Dollar
Given my father, I've always hoped it was the mailman.
Hey honey let me just ask you something....Can we possibly share Liam..?:) lol
Is the glass half full or empty?" depends on if you're drinking or pouring" Bill Cosby's Grandma, via ed webcast today.
Gmail Tap: Say Goodbye to the QWERTY Keyboard
and the shotgun shells and years I'll have to do.....lol
Advisory:"Admin busy with regular administrative work in the office" should never be tweeted by an NPS account. It's boring! And, who cares?
I never got the chance to tell you just how much I actually loved you,. </3
yoo , im outta here . first night bck on twitter & i laughed the whole time . aha . Goodnight & GoodMorning ,
Congratulations on your acceptance into the nursing program!
I read Rachel Gibson this weekend too!
It's Friday the 13th. Hmm.
: Hope you made it back in one peace.
speaking of iceburgs, how long before Target, Tom Thumb/Safeway/Randals, Costco, Kroger, et al follow?
What team in the NCAA tournament collects the greatest percentage of total rebounds per game?
Thnx 4 the follow Crystal! WE liked your FB page & followed you on Pinterest. Great resources for #moms ! Check out AgooBiz
How to Be A Bad Ass Cop Episode 1 and 2 were Hilarious!!! :)
Mac gesture right for N..C slide right for dashboard widgets. But yeah apple will figure it better than me
Just focusing on English right now. I can't fail that class.
One thing you don't have to worry about is me hating on you...
this is going to get ugly.
if I made u feel uncomfortable yesterday
bahhahahhaahhaaa! Good riddance...
I'm going to marry a guy named Ian. Ian Harding, Ian Somerholder.. (;
Say hello to Instinct Magazine's Swimsuit issue cover model :-)
At least there is pork at work today.
Jane Austin is amazing! Can't believe I spent my whole life not knowing the wonders of Pride and Prejudice :)
Peabody, Kimble, Lowery and co RT Jeff Fryer reference - now that was a fun ride - loved that Loyola Maramount team
EII bolt this year I was at the Golden Gala in Rome and I saw you run and you have been a bomb!
Royals move up OF prospect Wil Meyers to triple a Omaha
ok im all ood i reset my whole latop an all the probs is fix so i can be on all day :) YAY! I MISSED YOU :'(
Big game tomorrow !
Museum was so boring .. now were getting some #FOOD (;
love being home, the visits are never long enough.
Fucking rocks cracked my fucking phone screen . This is ate up man
Also available in gray! RT : Simon's Fashion Line: Consisting of a wide variety of black & white tshirts. I'd buy it.
Ok, getting ready to pick the winners! We'll have a bunch of them for cool swag from
That is not a good start to the week :-(
Me acting stupid
Parallel parking...this should be interesting.
: sort of watching Rango on an airplane. It's way funnier than I thought.
At Market at the Foodbank charity event serving up chicken meatballs and plum crazy noodles!
Plumbing Plus is licensed, bonded and insured and a member of the Better Business Bureau. 858-486-4070
Getting stoked for The Northwest Metal Fest in CDA Idaho!!!
where are you
Does he mean terroir? RT : "Beware the terror of the subject matter experts" -Uli Rauch at
Crap, I'm following 1925 with 1300 followers. I wonder how many more that gives me in tweet math.
You can't say the right thing to the wrong person, or the wrong thing to the right person.
Thinking about work...
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting the hard battle.
nice job with the PLA campaign! What's next? ALA president, State senate, US senate, US president? :)
“Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.” - Erasmus
The survey Of geForce GT Of zogis the video map intended for the users that want high the end of the map but you do not want :-)
Agreed, should be, but NBC paid so much $$ they want their big event exclusives...also excited, wish I could be in London!
There are some up on Ancestry that come up w/no problem. Of course I don't have any of those locations.
Rockies creeping back, slashing 5-run deficit to two.
Yes, it was good busy! I will be there next week.
UPK's spring 2012 catalogs arrived today! Look for the digital edition in your inbox and on the UPK website soon!
Girl, I made money off that upset :)
we have 2 staff (myself included) who collaborate on grant writing w/program staff input when needed
Nothing greater than spending time focused during worship... praise to the
I just read 99 days without you. Brb crying my eyes out. This is one of the most brilliantly written yet saddest things I have ever read
This music business come wit a lot of bullshit
At work missing the draft :/ I'm hoping da bears take a left tackle, I like the kid out of Stanford
ain't shit..i need to get that link for your cd again when you get a sec..computer been on the fritz, but i'm by a better one now
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you get out of the shower and find random scratches on your back
: "I thought the dad-book was hard but it was a walk in the park in comparison to the mom-book."
Not sure I understand it all, but pretty sure on Girls is really good.
Are you coming to Austin?
I can't believe it's 2011 and we still see that crap on our daughters.
they ain't helping him win either
Car games. And go! #roadtrip #arewethereyet?
Follow Me??(:
The person who coined the notion that vulgarities signify a small vocabulary was a fuckin idiot. Cuss words get points across more swiftly.
justin ALWAYS goes to new york but he hasnt been to boston since november 16,2010. hes just mad cause the Bruins won the cup but still...
Thanks for spreading the word about our work in Eugene!
Anybody who's feelin froggy could leap over to the bus ramps and get me
Tons of writing finished this weekend, feeling all refreshed, can not wait for the next weekend like that! Hope you all are well, we are!!
Apparently the earthquake in Mexico was really strong. Family is OK, trying to get a hold of friends now. Anybody in MX, everything OK?
I really hope and pray that becomes this year's American Idol!
Night :) RT god night , hope u have a good day manana to & sweet dreams :)
The Buff Orpingtons > Athlete's Foot > The Long John Silvers
not uuh, its like a foot and half ha. It says 'Kush' and has a bud leaf on it.
I wish would wish me a happy birthday.. But i know he won't. </3
Its a cracked pitcher that goes longest to the well.
Speed camera vote today! We're live with the video that one group says proves why the cameras are needed
I hope you have an awesome day too loca! :D
RT : Email from AFT communications: "Admit it, Twittering scares you a little. Does it seem complicated? Mysterious?"
see.. #rude #mean #hurtful I take back my love you.
to all my twitter friends, hope u all had a great day, tweeted so I bet everybody did HAHA have a great night, LOVE U ALL
late night kickin it ?
what happened?
The Darkness! On Samsung spot. I LOVE that song.
Weather is gorgeous here in Fairbanks today - was gorgeous in Denali yesterday. Love Alaska this time of year!
Thanks for the #FF, !
I just checked-in at Banner Day School of Milwaukee in MyTown2. no diversity in game?? Has black women on corner in mini shorts??
I forgot that I brought bananas today.
Guess this hangover was worth it though. I had a really good time last night. Weird, but good.
I feel like ima pass out
Bitching mother < Goingout
THE SOUND OF UPTOWN MUSIC: Old Dutch Church clock tower source of daily offerings (video)
Okay, hooray for the Lakers. Now stop acting like a bunch of rabid animals.
Headed out to the parks today? Don't forget your raincoat!
u right by me
MTA to suspend Light Rail service between Convention Center and North Ave from 9p.m., Fri, Feb, 24, through 9 p.m., Sun, Feb 26.
The past can't see you, but the future is listening
Aggregation of information is as important as the propagation of it. Becoming a gatherer can help you contribute to the conversation.
Don't have thanksgiving plans? We'll be opening at 6 so come on down, limited food but plenty of booze.
I get a kick out the #lays chipbag proclaiming new bigger size while no mention new higher price
I liked my AP Government test today.. Now time to take on AP Economics! :D
Bad credit score ? Inbox for details on how to GET ON THE PATH TO obtain a 700+
#Avengers. Might be the best movie I've ever seen.
So in an effort to up this Tweet game, I'm offering FREE passes to the show this week for RT's.
PowerPoint is designed to crash if you break that rule.
inbox at 5
If I have the time, like now, I love nothing more than sitting quietly and watching cookies baking in the oven.
This is the saddest part of shawshank redemption.
Love taking people to places in Jamaica they've never been! Next stop Lover's Leap!
i swear makes my freaking days! if u dont follow him, go follow him NOW he is extreamly funny!!!
Damn, bizzy, bizzy. No time 2 twit. Lots of music. Recordings, gigs, bit of writing. Waiting 4 my new bass. Teaching both schools. Blasting!
Get me to tonight!!
i gave the bear to him(: (i'm biebersbakery. haha)
Yo! TXT 440081 to 22333 and vote HopDrop for People's Choice Award! Contest void where prohibited. Sorry Tennessee!
Kiddo in the OR for hernia repair. That moment when they go to sleep is kind of the worst ever.
Hey Dwight do u think u be back before the playoffs start? cause orlando needs u 2 bad.
(: so how you been?
easy rod
#JackWhite music will cure a common cold
No, but eat cookiesRT Q8: DO U EVER WORKOUT WHILE WATCHING THE BIGGEST LOSER? IF SO, WHAT DO U DO? #BRITACHALLENGE RT PLS
No giant. Just a huge Nazi asshat casually destroying nature w/his effing balloon.
OMG . SO ME AND AUSTY ARE IN NYC! I love being in NYC. I'm all warm and what not. I also might be seeing my BEST FRIENDS. p.s shave me austy
Plaza Singapore=D
feat. Avenged Sevenfold, Three Days Grace, and more. Saturday, October 8th at Ashley Pavilion in Phoenix, AZ. I can't wait!
I ALWAYS TWEET IN CAPS NOW, AND IT STARTED THANKS TO YOU -_-
LMFAO she is so dumb! tweet me on my personal tho doll
My gas tank has turned into an expensive, needy bitch...
Today's Highlight in History: On May 13, 1992, the Falun Gong movement had its beginning as the sect's founder, Li Hongzhi, began publicly
Thx for the new followers! Please RT us so that we are able to reach many more and make a difference in a child's life!
its cool as long as you keep New Albany in your heart
Reading the press kit for #STS-1, research for Somehow #prelingerlibrary got the press kit, though lost it in "Florida" box
errhm. Kinnda. Not a ton but i hav some. Do u?
Wale in stores today ambition
Dear Fr. Darrell Roman, It's been a while since we last met, I hope you & all sweetest heart of mary family are doing great. God Bless. H.Q.
i think i put too much water. the bigger problem is that i need to use better tasting protein.
Too many superb options to choose from! We are looking into offering tea pairings, any suggestions?
Now i am missing my daughter and my man edward
RT : Anna Davis, of #Nebraska, was born at sea in roughly 1872. Imagine being the mom!
Could be the difference between influencing or manipulating...or...empowering or micro-managing...No?
scribble is the goal!
You got it!
Sad to miss #FoodieChats tonight! First night of a summer course! I'll back back next week. Have fun guys!
You can be comfortable, or outstanding, but not both.
A trip to Ikea yielded many awesome fabrics...what to make!?!
Union station today. Come one come all
Siva Kaneswaran you need to follow me
Your born naked... The rest is drag.
77 days till All Time Low <3:)))
ex:Mgr doesn't bet on Mon but bets tue. does he put in his star reliever in the game mon if needed? or save him for Tue?
;( You need to come to the West Coast!! <33
It really trips me out how I get so down and in a dark place, but then can pick myself up & start a new day with fresh perspective & energy
if you ever came to Chicago, my friends and I would die to see you!(:
My heart was broken and then this nice fellow picked the pieces up, but decided to drop it and leave.
not wilson homie?
i dont know, i just think it would be funny because i've never seen them dancing e_e
1800s - The seriousness of the situation has escalated to the point at which it is no longer a laughing matter. 2012- Shit just got real.
Just when you want to do something and your starting too suddenly everything seems to be working against you uhh life what a pain in the @$%
At OU, we pride ourselves on having well-rounded student athletes. RT : I love football and I also love ice skating.
Morning everyone..busy day today. It's survey day, we'll talk baseball with Matt V. and Stephanie Sutton will be in the studio.
Thank you! I haven't -- my e-book ARC expired before I could get to it, but I want to read it v badly.
Who loves orange soda?
Happy birthday to !
Music on. Must focus. So much paperwork to do before I leave for the beach tomorrow. Really don't want to get stuck working from the beach.
Your favorite Midtown park? Mt Vernon Sq Eutaw Pl Sumpter Maple Leaf Historic St Paul Morrison Contee-Pargo Park Ave Sqs Fitzgerald Lion Pk
#Celeboftheyear is ... I just want to steal his voice, then I will be all set.
If you've run out of weird things to watch on , I recommend "Cool Dog".
My pleasure. Thank you for writing it!
what are the chances that you wake n bake in the morning?
I asked because I thought I was going to be able to but I cant
Watching Dance Moms and eating a BBQ chicken salad.
Yes: it's asymptotic.
this goes for everybody: IF U DNT FUCK WIT ME 100% THEN DONT FUCK WIT ME AT ALL...THAT FAKE SHYT IS POINTLESS && N THE FUCKN WAY...
Better than most airlines! ;)
#SignsAPersonCantCook You fucked up food that comes with directions.... *hangs head in shame* Lmao
Spoke with someone today who told me advertising is dying and that no agencies in DC are growing... just a tad bit skeptical on that one
Happy Birthday best wishes to the most beautiful twins in the world. #;) :*
It just was! I can't explain it. NOT THAT IT MATTERS NOW THAT YOU DELETED IT.
remember? You picked that one up back at bob evans
The fact that people are more focused on the weeden pick shows that he is going to be a good qb.
Holy fuck I thought I was the only guy that likes that!
Okie. I need some ice cream. The guy who drives it hates me!!!
“Play nice. Unless one of the other kids wanna fight, then you have to kick the other kid’s butt." –Mushu (Mulan)
Happy almost birthday !!!! ILY!!! Follow me :)
You're a trooper! Looking forward to hanging out and grilling you about #Ico :D haha
Arrived in town at 11 am. today. Little traffic, pleasant commute. Can I come to work that late every day?
Glad to see our badgers can pull out beating #1 Ohio state AGAIN without me there. Beautiful
You live and learn by your mistakes. After a mistake pick yourself up and keep on moving down the road of what's called life!
At 1pm: The Color Wheel, one of the favorites of AF staff.
Sign up online for free. I've been to the show once but I didn't get picked. I now know mainiacs are the only ones called up.
you're such a hater! I know you're a fan at heart tho! #LakerNation :)
or I would trade la for a top 5 pick in this draft and start all the way over if I can't get a second star!! Rebuild ground up
Awesome beer selection at ! Loved the Cocoa Molé!
no he's just gay
muchas gracias my dear! was a good day w/ our families:)
ha! “: So does this mean that we cover Braun going to the Yankees tonight? #insidejoke”
oh yeah! It was a blast :) Def have to go again soon..
Thanks David! How are you today?
It's 's session, so you know it's good.
CHEERS we'll all drink to that!
I've been here for you though everything, what more do you want from me? I mean I give you everything I can...
eventually it does! let me know when you want to talk speech pathology!
RT : "A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." David Brinkley
Kreider looks like he's been playing in the NHL for years
Follow Your BLISS! ♥
Back for TaeKwonDo. Overheard a 14 year old girl complaining about her extensions....umm. What? A little young for that.
Lol get on Animal Jam
RT : Aye..its going down again this sunday inside the Key Club on Sunset 9039 Sunset Blvd..
We're all one in the same.
I know right?
good luck :)
I am more afraid of an army of one hundred sheep led by a lion than an army of one hundred lions led by a sheep. ~Charles Maurice
Really regretting NOT getting tickets to tonights #brewer #cubs game.
wow that's awesome good job
If I had hair I would have a blowout for sure
Who likes #WWE? Tickets for WWE Presents MONDAY NIGHT RAW SUPERSHOW at Pepsi Center go onsale this Saturday at 10am!
No gigs in Memphis this weekend-we're heading to Union City for a wedding. I hope they're ready for us! SNOZ weddings are a sight to behold!
Aggh my knees are still burning!
When we taking that MAP shit?
Dance today(: lots of funn(: <3 'back to the eighties, back ti the fun' (:
Who are you rooting for in the Playoffs to win the Cup? Trick question, I know...
Lamborghini mercy, your chick she so thirsty..
Just tell me when, i always have time for you!:)
Can't trust anyone anymore
Working on an assignment & listening to Chester Bennington scream.
45 min cardio check now of to gym for back,biceps and abs. Then 10 rounds sparing this afternoon . All in days work.
This game!!!
Thank you Thank you Thank you for coming down to The Crafty Underdog show yesterday! Join us again next Sunday at The Mission Theater! XO
On your nose on your ear .
I'm great, how are you?
Feel like ballin all day today
Yay!!!! I'm so excited you get to come celebrate my bday with me!
GoDaddy really needs to stop calling me. Every time I get a call from them I'm convinced it's a phishing attempt until we hang up.
i get soo offended when people call me mean names....
I needed about 30 more characters. =)
kinda like playing the Raiders (for the Chargers!).
why ppl spend more to save?
Getting down and dirty with Set Top Box Audience Viewing Data
Thanks for the RT!
Wanting the Jordan's coming out they already out back home size 4 1/2 anyone lol
AP: A Mega Millions ticket with all six numbers sold in Maryland.
Glad you're excited. We're excited coming to the Bay Area!
weed is a smart drug huh!! lol
Elevator tweeting
Beyond THRILLED to move back to Santa Monica next month. I want to shout it from the K-Town roof tops but the ghetto birds might nab me.
We are excited to pick up our order tonight for our work event. Mini cupcakes yum!
Intelen's next big thing coming up together with cloud Energy and Building Analytics 3.0: upgrade existing AMR and Meter intelligence...
lol ooh..I guess I hvnt really paid attention to his verse
hahaha, great :D I'll tweet you when we're online then! Pretty soon I think :)
Miami people! We're making rounds tonight, selling/delivering tickets for our show on the 7th! Hit us up for deeets!!!
I need to get out of this house already
Think you know your Pasco Co. facts? We're having a Pasco Trivia Challenge at 12 NOON! Winner gets a follow & shoutout from
Stop a Napoleon's on your way home from work for Show Tunes & Cocktails 2.0!
We should all be very clear about one thing, our business is not our life. Our businesses should be supporting our lives.
S/O TO ALL THE INTERS CAN'T FORGET THE BOSSES S/O TO THEM AS WELL FALLOW
#Honey you can't describe, how good it feels inside.  -
Defo click to follow button with this guy right here. He's pretty chill!
It's nice here, but it's bipolar; it will be 40 degrees warmer on Thursday. My allergies and my joints hate me.
there's just something about a guy with pretty eyes
what about you?
and during 08 crisis, they became a fed-backed 'bank', so taxpayers are supporting this...
I absolutely loved it. I love talking to you, I can literally talk to you for hours. I love you <3
lol shit i cant call it.. i cant me a old ass father
Congrats ! Next up: MSU at 1:40pm ET tomorrow. See you at & !
At zoofari. Great event. Great food. Magnetic Springs water available to each vendor!
Been playing MW3 for about six hours now.
Rich Marlene aka Mr. I breaks pussy
gotta hit it one time or maybe three -mc magic
i been so irritated lately
Hey Today is Monday. That means #muffalettamondays is in full effect
Smh.....for who? Oh I heard we not gettin the bonus.
I'm sitting on your couch!
Note: Tweets tagged with "ms" are from PR guy , not jimmy
Mr. Nice Watch your profile alone is one for the books. Thanks for following me today.
keekee is a cheep ass girl.
Fornicators... Bone up!
too easy an answer as a Gunner...clearly its Koscielny
the r going to tour during the summer!!!!
"We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves." - Galileo Galilei This explains the genius of ÆSOP
ew im gonna puke.
hey :) thanks for the follow
OMG THE BOYZ
- say hi to mom! - I am a 3X Cal grad, but love working at Stanford! - all fine here despite working all day Sunday
Thanks for the support and encouragement of my babies and !
I can send a package your way if you direct message me your addie !
Tonight Wright Way Master Classes NYC will be working with the Book Of Mormon Associate Casting Director - Kate Boka!!! Super Excited!
nah but he'll be released or traded
A year ago today..i lost my mother to lung cancer.so today i celebrate life love n laughter..life is 2 short to waist time.
This All Star game finally got interesting
does trump look as old and pale in person?
Thanks to the MAN for wakin an takin care of me an my fam
Oh, should Yu be surprised?
Believe EVERYTHING you read on the internet! :P
Listening to #SaySomethin . Im so pround of my BEST SONG EVER! I love you<3
Breakroom bound to drink beers with Billy, Tommy, Danny & whoever else at the station is interested.
had a great time - see you all next week
The Rockies play here in Colorado against the Padres tonight at 8:40 p.m. ET. Go, Rockies!
TIL all birds of prey are referred to as "raptors"
Lol look at my last tweet (:
"You had me at nitro."
wait. Just coming in on this. #Fringe got renewed? Can I whoop a little?
Las Vegas & Laughlin Nevada Hotel Rooms 30%-50% OFF
Wigs, weaves, and tracks, oh my! <3.
drink drink, drink some water. #watercheck #starting early today
Then im just gonna wear a napkin on my face!!!
