haha thank you! tomorrow, let us know what you think :)
Nice one!
My eating schedule is all fucked up :(
needed to hear that today! Thx
it is also why no season is won or lost after 17 games even when u lose 12 in a row.
Please let my card points be reset so I can actually play!!!
One thing I hate is when people try to make themselves out to be better than everyone else. When they are just as human as you are.
Girl,Nothing Much Youu?
Thanks for the RT!
Just saw the first draft of our new menu...Nom, nom, nom
I need to do some deleting haha
best part is , he is such a nice, cool dude. :-)
that sick! ima share it
RT : Big Ideas, Big Data! #MLW12 May 1-3 Reagan Center,DC. Marklogic thru BBC and Press association will power London Olympics.
Hmm, imma start writing my letter (: i need to suck it up and stop being so nervous (:
good morning ! have a nice day Landon!☺☺
so so sad
what's a peole?
Reading "Say Nice Things About Detroit" by Scott Lasser
I'm going to play chess over the summer. I shall become an expert. The end.
me too!
John - NOT MUCH
Let's go Bulls!
Lets hope so! RT I wonder if there will be Gouda at the senior-faculty banquet tonight....
Oh- already added it. RT : Thanks Jill, feel free to include it in the Blackman Handbook. :)
haha yah, a bullpen and outfield may not be a bad idea either
A holiday tradition for our family.
love one direction!!! Lol i was just converted two days ago!(: Are ya'll gonna come to Houston soon???(: Follow back? <3333
When life brings you lemons. You make lemonade. I make the best strawberry lemonade ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You guys are truly blessed. Beautiful beautiful beautiful. Thx for yesterday.
So blessed. So good seeing you! You looked great!
Osso Clothing is proud to present it's first sponsor, Joe Pulido! Check out the blog for the full story.
I'm sure that is gonna be amazing! You are a brilliant dancer and choreographer as well, and btw great jugde too ;)
yes to the belt loops. So many things here that I thought only happened to me
Atmosphere and clams casino all day erryday
This weather is miserable. Do I even bother drying my hair?
These results include media shared by people you don’t follow
I Woke Up An Hour Ago But Barley Looked At My Phone
yea have terrible headache too
Fair enough.
YOUR BROTHER, YOUR MOTHER, YOUR FATHER, YOUR SISTER.
Yes I am serious! Tom gave them to me bc he and his wife can't go!
Can someone explain why its 'bad' for google to consolidate their #privacy policies? Wouldn't that make it simpler for the user?
Shout out Author Central contributors and writers extraordinaire!
Im so hungry.
sounds like this could be an unofficial #TxLA12 #tweetup in the making!
hey it's good to see someone care about others in your life. -Jessica
RT : Too complicated and off-topic IMO. <- Is it possible CenturyLink friends made it complicated to help kill it?
Excited to host a School of Medicine seminar in MARBL today. They are stopping by to examine some early anatomy books.
Thanks for the applause. May you enjoy many happy tea moments.
Damm I don't know what that means
just realized that could come off bad if read out of context just if u don't know me understand we put more faith in thanksgiving than xmas
Ever been to Montgomery's RedOakDiner ? On MothersDay we had DELICIOUS pancakes! And the atmosphere was friendly! ...BUT...
And I already have extensive bg singing and musical theatre experience.
Know what you shouldn't buy solely on price? Financial Planning.
idk *I Love Aaron*
3 concerts tonight gonna be crazy
thanks, girl!
It's
hi i feel like i never talk to you annymooreee ! stop being a stranger and get your black ass back in my life.
lets turn up
Standing at St. Pete/Clearwater airport waiting on Air Force 2 and the arrival of Vice President Joe Biden.
Go Kings!
I want Kerry Washington's weave. That is all.
I was thoroughly entertained by Melo and LeBron tonight! What an exciting game!!
Tomorrow we travel to #Orlando to shoe shine at a conference!
So I bought this "stag chili" at costco. I knew it would suck. I hate it when I am right.
A deer head in your modern style condo would be quite the statement. I can respect that! :)
if i didn't have school.
Did everyone have a HOPpy Easter weekend?
Well put, brown eyes.
were you on a station here in SD the other night????
can you just stop it ... woman
Forgive me for continuing to talk about my surplus of gunny sacks, but I genuinely do hope that someone will come to my house and take some.
This is far worse than any recruiting violation ever committed. PSU should get the death penalty from the NCAA...period!
can u help me look for agents and stuff for acting im a good actor
I feel it and understand that kindaa .. But it's what you make of it hustle hard then!lol
ESPN first take is always best when Stephen A is on. #TeamDazzy!
Let's have a pacers party..... Gay but apparently so is khaki shorts and tennis shoes
I also like turning to my scriptures, lds conference talks, upflifting music
It's like a wormhole device. Transports the awareness to keg-stands and dip spitting.
so are you like under York, PA? like off of 83?
you slut
omg... Wow.. Thatss to funny!!
Fantastic tweet!! RT : i love cilantro, i always tell the guy at Burrito Beach to "get silly with my cilly" and then we touch tips.
Watching young 8-yr old Ari Grande singing the National Anthem is just amazing. She has such an amazing voice, even at 8. Shes born to sing♥
Ill be glad wen the end comes, no more will I have to worry about bills n slaving at a job I hate, so its all good.
More rain and (hopefully) ideas headed your way :)
That's what I need to do RT ": Keep my mind occupied
I love the infographics on #AmericaRevealed. I'm such a nerd.
Sorry, we are referring to a live cameo by a living, eminent composer, not the Beethoven bust! Look closely.
yea may the best one win >.> cough cough (:
I have to admit, ever since I allowed anonymous comments on my site, I've gotten some interesting ones.
Sometimes you're the cow, sometimes you're the milking machine, sometimes you're the bucket.
just woke up. about to go to sleep
InSideYouUnderStand (InSideYouWill) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
Took my 11 yr old 2 see the Britans @ SS Water Frolics Sun. He's Beatle crazy.They r always good. together 6x longer than beatles
Kickstarter is around the corner...
With 7 multimillion dollar shows and another due to open in April 2013--has Cirque moved the centre of Canadian show business to Las Vegas?
Two great organizations working to help girls excel in STEM fields
Lol RT To those #InSchool right now: May your finals be ever in your favor.
Have fun and help others at the same time! That's great! RT Mardi Gras Partiers Raise 30,000 for Charity
the Lord brutha! seek Him always ;)
#ABQ follow Now Open!
Hollywood would be a strange place to grow up. You'd have to learn to be superficial at an early age to fit in.
If I win the $500 mil lottery I will buy the Orioles. will be the new flag ship station. Nestor - head of marketing/PR.Drew GM.
a giant alien squid monster destroys half of Manhattan.
you should follow me like you promised, please please please?
heres a question I have for u; I have philip rivers n the jets defense which they face eachother who do I bench or play both?
Intermediate #market trends seem to have hit a trough. Time to start #investing, adding #risk, & putting the offense on the field!
no bueno! Cheer up, didn't your children get you something wonderful?
Big thanks to Dr. Sonjia for joining to talk about her best-selling book #SexOnSouthBeach, available now on Amazon.
King Henry!!
Transition from month-o-veganism into day-o-dairy left me with a wrenched stomach. These dietary experiments are no fun.
Bucket list: Kentucky Derby
Q knows Cup!
The 5 bands that this boy just posted that he says is the only 5 bands that is worth going to warped for is wack! yes the boy is wack
Talking and rapping in a Bon Qui Qui voice like Vinny cause you're just that cool.
Weeds are assholes.
Surrey's! 2 locations on Magazine. My kids love the pancakes. They also make all their own juices?
« That 2Pac hologram was insanely one of the best things ever lol» EVER!
Theater Review: x2018;Clybourne Park, x2019; by Bruce Norris, at Walter Kerr Theater Bruce Norris x2019;s x201C;Clybourne Park, x201D; a
Laugh? We'd never do that! RT : Glad to support just don't laugh, first timer!
Not sure of the GDP--good question. Must be part of the reason that food is $$. Housing seems lower. Home $1400 month by beach
working together efficiently is they key
If I buy a ticket for the causeway tomorrow and the launch date is pushed out, how long is the ticket good for?
Do More with Less: Consolidate and Virtualize. Title courtesy of :-)
We are here to lead you to freedom, if we can do it, so can YOU!
In Carson.
OMG i just DL the Remote for #WoW Now i have something 2do on break @ school! #Happy!
So what if i dance like a white girl, i dance to have fun and it makes me happy so FUCK YOU.. with a smiley face =)
I did
First real #bike ride of the season on #chesterland roads; nice day, great scenery, but really out of shape!
Only 8h & 45m left to save $10-$50 w/ the #HIVE11 early bird registration. Register now you don't have to worry about it this weekend!
Night followers!
#20factsaboutme is my favorite & the amount of respect I have for them is infinite.
I AM AT GLAMOUR GIRLS PAGEANT.. COMPETING TOMORROW.. WHOEVER WANTS ME TO WIN FOLLOW MY PAGE. THANKS!!
Da drive was jus hot as hell
Movie recommendation is Quentin Tarrintino in "From Dusk Till Dawn"
“: hey, nice to meet you here, dude. Thanx before. (^_^)”- hey nice to meet u!
Great meeting you as well. Thanks for coming to the mobile panel; hope we entertained you!
Hate 'em & I try to avoid 'em ": Them one sided friendships"
hahah its so cute i thought of u(: and go ahead kick my ass cuz i got u a hello kitty present too
Just when I finally got "Zou Bisou Bisou" out of my head, 30 Rock shoved it right back in.
So today I realized, my earlobes line up with my nipples. Thank you über facts for your solid information about bullshit
We're about to announce a winner of another #MomInspired Gift Bag - get ready!
Rain, Rain Go Away, Come Again Some Other Day!!! Lol
I learned today an easy way to lose followers is by spoiling plot endings. Well, guys, Dumbledore dies...
the real q'n is what drives a woman 2want2 "think like a man"? We were created to be women for a reason. As a wo/man thinketh...
That philliy cheese steak was everything!!!!!:-)
Chillin on it waiting on the fam to get in Wats good wit u
: we had a blast!
#StopOahuRail Is out of touch with Hawaii he should not be sensitive to criticism, he can dish it out but can't take any.
Do you still serve dessert after a meal? As people become more health conscious, I wonder if dessert will become a thing of the past.
I am thankful for the people in my life who remind me of the great things in life and the greatness of my life. Y'all know who you are :-)
RT : Reminder of the great social responsibility of jury duty.
I'll Be Putting One In The Air Tonight.
Whats the best thing to play on a stand up bass? Solitaire.
Whats with all the #porn sites following us today? Is it Pr0n thursday or something?
I think it's time to retire my old BDG shrunken blazer. Maybe I'll take it to a tailor and give it to my little brother ... Maybe.
.....I need and want someone to hug me....i want someones shoulder to cry on :'\ J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
#viewerschoice lick jays armpit
#NSMN panel: can #NFL superstars bringing antitrust suits get public and fan sympathy?
u havnt respond to me & ur the only 1 who didnt send me a pic for the bday video
We have big Texas-size shoes to fill! :) [cc ]
this is why i don't do outdoor activities. my face is fucked up -.-
Shorty got a friend and her friend got A friend too haa.lol shyt is FUEGO ft husband or wife remix video coming soon
Lol I Love That Picture And Im Watching Your USTREAM
he would have left regardless believe that! Least we got something good. if Elway decided to keep him he wouldn't have played
with Herman Cane as the new media-proclaimed darling of tea-partiers, what happens to rhetoric saying the tea party is racist?
your from tha city, i like that
Approximately 24 hours from now, the audience at the Amherst Theatre in Buffalo will be cheering. I know this is so!
What's your addiction?
New footloose not as good as the original.
Been checking out your blog! If you get a minute take a look at some of Bluey Robinson's music, not a rapper but still talented.
and I love both of you. <3
Good question? Why are they late to online class but always on time in-person.
damn! celtics arent doin to good this season! Lets get this going Cs!
hehe....my lil puppy is snoring! Too cute!
hey there ... what magazine do you write for? i'd love to learn more about it :) our media tour is comin up fast! wanna come?
I'm sure it'd be a full house lol
Perseverance , Ambition and Optimism I live by these words !
On this sunny crisp Sunday morning - I'm reminded to look up from my connected gadgets and enjoy the beauty around me - and breath!
a huge thank you to for a tremendous evening. Good laughs w/ you guys... and of course and
in da wilderness.. ):
it feels fucking good outside tho
Today and tonight was just great <333
Mann mad I missed Avatar.
Level 3 Becomes Platinum Sponsor of South Florida Technology Alliance
Take your time Lakers !
is dancing to What Makes You Beatiful on the bus haha(:
Wii bowling with dad
Awesome day can't wait till tomorrow :)
no your just so smart you don't need to study
Lol what kind of books do you read?
me too ;) haha
"The Lord is compassionate and merciful, slow to get angry and filled with unfailing love." Psalm 103:8 #verseoftheday :)
How To Ignore Your Email Without Losing Your Job - PCWorld
hopefully Chris Jericho wins tonight's Fatal Fourway.
Awww :') what did you do for her?
Texas Real Estate Investors: Let us help you get the money for your next investment!
How Koren and I started cracking up during dance and everyone was like wtf >>>
Ron Artest is scary as fuck...
Fact that I have an umbrella with me on my travels right now is leading to some pretty high adult-esteem right now. #grownup!
He'll get in, pee and then get out and sit and wait for it to turn. When it's done, he gets back in again. LOL! We <3 it
sick kitty? What?? Who? Oh my goodness. Sending good thoughts.
“: Our thoughts and words are like the rudder of a ship—they may seem small, but they affect the direction of our lives.”
thanks for including us!
This year's summer heat is gonna be brutal. I just know it is.
Watching Popi! Alan Arkin playing a Puerto Rican is absolutely brilliant!
I'm located in the Lacuna Artists Lofts 2150 S Canalport Ave Suite 3C-11. I'm only open by appt as of now but you can come anytime
Hologram tech needs to evolve like yesterday. Just think of the tasks I could ditch right now if I had a digital me to do them.
better pic to show Detroit today? My suggestions: green roof on top of Dearborn Truck Plant, Detroit riverwalk, Eastern Market.
come here. I'll give you lots of hugs. <3
Amen brother!
I love my mommy.
They called me, too. :(
#nye Miami ! On the beach,Miami water is so clear w - moving here
Watching pick a hat is more depressing than watching the team on the hat play
Dope shit like that.
followed you back , !
#ChrisMathew is on fire!!
Canoeing series popular with all sportspeople
Burberry has a Chief Creative Officer. How cool is that....
In other Percival Everett news, excited to hear of USC event 2/16. but then disappointment: it's the 1 day I have a reading of my own. drat.
Responded to FIRE @ 3250 Broadway, Manhattan, NY . Red Cross auto update.
crap forgot to show the flight simulator
glad to help! Be sure to stay in touch!
Thanks to everyone who came out to support the Consuul Fashion Show last night! Time to get ready for ASR this weekend!
John Mayer kind of day. His voice is magic
thanks for all the Oct votes! Please continue to support Everybody Deserves Music by making a small donation!
If this is snow falling, I'm gonna punch a unicorn square in the tits
follow back
I wonder if would disagree now that he loves avocados. RT : Avocado ruins lots of great sandwiches.
Tryin to get on a feature ASAP!! How do I go about doing so...? This is a serious inquiry
Could we ask ASECS to create a digital resources editor? Other organizations do this.
If I had a dime for every time someone on uses the term "headwinds," I wouldn't need to watch
follow back?
Randall--"learn to trust our bodies...each of us must find a way to trust ourselves" despite the trauma
Don't follow me and then after I follow you back, unfollow me.
i know! Roxy has come a long way since season 1
The KIRO stream is a bit behind the video feed, but oh, well, I get to see it live, and I can crank my stereo volume!
I didnt know my old dance videos wud get me so much attention some I dont need.
Haha, yep. I grew up riding with my dad & I've always wanted to learn, so I'm taking a class in July :D
Welcome ! RT "We are really new and working hard."
Galatians 4:16 NLT Have I now become your enemy because I am telling you the truth?
Happy Saturday! Or as I like to call it, Wear Your Friday Makeup to Work Day.
Drinks and nachos next to the pool? Don't mind if I do
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I wish i had less money.
Love you .
submit your brand at
Join a hackerspace like , they experiment with the tragedy-of-the-couch-commons problem on a regular basis.
Thank you for another GREAT segment on Good Day Austin this morning! and I always have so much fun with you!
The collection I'm processing just taught me that there are red foxes at the Jersey shore. Suddenly I like the beach a lot more.
The Corruption of Cardinal Wuerl in Jpeg Evidence, Stats ...
Actually I'm considering staying off Twitter, I'm finding out everything before it's broadcast. Not as fun.
Attempting a curried salmon tonight. Mustard, cumin seeds in oil, coriander, tumeric, garam masala to a paste then salmon in the pan. Hm
#TeamSexyLadies making men drool since the beginning of time :D
Such a great discussion - Thank you!
Valetine's Day has passed, but out February specials are still around making you feel beautiful. Dark Chocolate Facial? Yes!
iowa has MM. go buy us some, you run like the wind.
heard that. I'm on the road
imma.be.playing.monopoly.
I have four gallons of Boost Juice Boost Cooler. Free. Hit me if your interested. Local to Northern Virginia only.
It's Friday and Late Night Drags kick-off tonight. Let's hope the rain holds off until they're done!
She can't do the Y chromosome tests or find relatives w/o a direct male but can take our Autosomal DNA test 888-806-2588
You have those days where you wish you could just stay home and relax...yea how I wish I could do that. But no I have to work! Spring break?
The cat left a poop on my sketchbook.
I was surprised too when we saw at the first game. Join us for the next one! We'll wear our #Packers gear!
I can't wait to see what God has in store for me over the next couple of days.
i love a good storm
um do I know you?
PI = Pass Interference.
paper.li does the work for me according to my search terms and Twitter followers
Realization>>>Determination>>>Success
The Captain just welcomed us to our flight to Denver, California. Pray for me.
Everyone please follow : ! Thankyouu :* Merry Christmas Eve ! <33 ope you all have a WONDERFUL day :)
My son
She also told me to "stop daydreaming and go fill out a job application." By "daydream" she meant get off Tumblr.
Evenius~ The crowd gives the leader new strength.
damn your right....
No school today...:-)
you think the L.A. Dodgers might have a chance this year.
At this Google Tech talk they are trying very hard to convince themselves they are social.
Good Morning Tiff, thanks for the follow ;-)
Looking for other new product innovation managers in the Baltimore region or really anywhere that I can talk to about work. Any suggestions?
OMG JACOB LATIMORE JUS MADE A PERSONAL FB NO JOKE! AND IM HIS FIRST FRIEND...IM FREAKIN OUT RIGHT NOW!!!
We're meeting up today to tighten up our set and make sure we're perfect for everyone on Saturday. Can't wait.
I fear that humanity is doomed to never reach a higher level of intellect or creativity if all they do is tweet about
thanks for the follow luv
OK, grades done and up on BB. Now to celebrate!
great and you?
let's watch the awards together like last time :)
congrats on the new building. Great for our downtown!
#InMiddleSchool I was chubby with braids
// Thanks for the follow. We hope to see you at one of our events soon.
We haven't heard of it, but we'll have to check it out. Do you have a link you can share?
"Call and see if they'll deliver just this once." when debating whether to drive to Little Caesar's for the three meat treat.
People are stupid, & so are you ✌
Thanks so much Matty!
Who needs Prince Fielder when we have #CoreyHart and his bionic leg:)
It was painful to watch us lose again at home. And not a single goal at home. What is wrong?
i cant dm you because you dont follow me.
thanks you.
put it down tonight! played a hell of a game! :)
A hot night in
WHALE. I LIVE IN NARNIA AND THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN TO ME LOL BUT, SANDF;UIEVDBYLIVDVIBDVDBVIHDBVBVABVJSDBVJBVSDNBSD
Have you told the girls yet?
Wine time.
If I ran as much as my mouth did I'd be in awesome shape! =P
Don't bunt BP don't bunt!!
's mentions are probably BLOWING up.. so I probably won't get him to follow us, but it's worth a shot(:
note for bio: "war between the states"
hey what's up
yes u can! RT so lets me book my taxi rides online. Very pleased. wonder if I can do this from My Iphone as well?
fuck the free world.
made me a happy camper today
Ok, once again, I need a rife to Band Practice! =(
What is success to me? Kids that are
Your Vet will also advise you on the dental care that can be performed at home every day.
Missed out on some theatre events this weekend. Not sure why. Just happens that way sometimes. Nice trip to Naperville today though.
RT After months of the Kindle Fire's alarm tied to Pandora not working, today it randomly worked. I was like "where is that...
Life back on track
Only six more days 'till opening night!! Getting close!
My #mom #can #cook like #bettycrocker :) PrincessCiera
Thank you for the follow and back atcha!
Anno Domine => In the year of our Lord, usually abbreviated A.D.
agree 100% with your critique of this...
Why does everyone want a relationship ever heard of being INDEPENDENT !?
Man-hating is believing that change is impossible or unnecessary. Not feminism.
If someone would kindly give me a ride to Sprint that would be awesome...
lol @ people complaining about jordan's voice being auto tuned
I was a fan, You are a moron freakin DBAG!
LOL you must be kidding. How did you turn "poor race relations" into "all whites are racist"?
Hi Aaron, can I please send you a draft of my #PBL project overview for your feedback?
Oh, I forgot to tell you all the important announcement: I smell like peppermint and vaseline. Just thought you needed to know.
In Utah, it is illegal to swear in front of a dead person.
The beauty of digital archives: looking at U.S. African "diplomacy" on the eve of WWII. Economic interests indeed.
Shredding party for your block, plan one today!!! (832)545-3949
I would take him! hahahaha
I dont get it.. if all the other boys are trying to chase her.. then why does she care if he calls her or not...?
who is it
My eyes are screaming for more sleep. Why, does it have to be school already.
ill email it to u when i do ok i like different music not in a box lol but fwm
oh. Ok jw
Girls always be sayin I got a big booty (;
Oh my! Flyers simply getting taken to the woodshed. Philly Goaltenders wishing for cheesesteak and a tall one... Or two... Or nine! Lol
write me!
How many write in campaigns for Governor are there? So far I've counted three- Byrne, McLaughlin, and Other.
u have to at least tag me in the tweet if ur gonna say it...
my fav superhero as a kid was Gambit from X-Men!
Shit, I DON'T remember taking CST's last year.
Fuck you, traffic, always making my life impossible.
good to hear you on air again. Listening online from the road.
got my beer ready :-)
awe thats the sweetest post ever!!! =D my bad day turned upside down at 11:59PM
is this the right translation for sexpig = El Cerdo del SEXO!
An otherwise normal photo that has been ruined or spoiled by someone who was not supposed to be in the photograph. :D lol
i i love u like a love song baby i i love u like a love song baby i i love u like a love song baby and i keep hittin reaptpepepep
And Gregg wonders why he gets called a player lol
Hello people
ru going on the field trip tomorrow
I'll bring him down, I'll bring him down-down. A King Crown, a King with no Crown.
Thanks, brutha. I love you more!
YOu should check out The Bellmen for sure. We play several times during
= Dean Bowser "Coach I think I broke my hand"
Its been a lazy day.
We're wrapping up mixing the new record tonight and tomorrow. It's gonna be great. Can't wait for you all to hear it.
GRIND BOLD flavor >>> Union GRIND : Dark Sumatra, Library GRIND : New Guinea, Cambridge GRIND : Breakfast Blend.
Thanks for the follow! Gotta get back over there and get my breakfast for lunch. :-)
Did yr Service Desk get many iPhone calls over the holidays? Our last call 11.46pm on NYE was user trying to connect iPhone to the network.
Do I wear my uniform tomorrow? Or..
Had a nice visit from MS :)
yep... do tell!
all da damn time makes no sense for what i say
family guy is terriblee
How's the project going? You up and running yet?
Ok... I'm clueless when it comes to social network symbols and need your help. What does this # in front of words or statements???
I'm sad. So, I can go buy a chocolate croissant, yes?
She's right next to me. RT : Cause Tikky never texted back. THNXS, MAYNE.
will you tell everyone that i think their beautiful . (oh and handsome ) and i hope everyone has a great day tomorrow lol <3
that got a brand new dance you gotta move your muscles
There appears to be a clone of Arthur Darvill riding the Red Line today. On his way to the BidenFest?
haha girl problems I tell you.
Got my mind on this money all need is a bad bitch to have fun & spend this cash with
haha #GoodSign when you have so many people visiting the site at once hoping to help lil Wyatt and the rest I the world!
has the sickest music
Good luck, LaMichael!!
depends where they are in relation to the hoops but similar tickets were ~$1000+ for Chicago Miami. No real jump in prices
Sadly, can't send you a DM bcse you're not following me. What dates will you be here?
Lol my friends are awesome xD
Thank god for my iPod charger!!! I totally forgot it can fit iPhones too.
Know why I like Stacy London and Clinton Kelly on "What Not to Wear"? Both came out of print journalism.
Rock with us Saturday night at Radio Radio...
Thanks so much, Kate & right back atcha! We had a blast & are so happy you did too.
Thanks for the RT!
awwwe , roberts got a broken heart </3
Hi :) I need to play a concert near you! Where are you at? :)
Big time #NFL star coming in for a photo shoot with AP Images this Friday, looking forward to it.
Yay!! Just got a part in a spy thriller to be shot in August... I get to be a little like my girl Nikita... Holla!!
Cheese and crackers...best part of this show
YAY! :D HOW HAVE YOU BEEN?
Faith, to my mind, is a stiffening process, a sort of mental starch.
the car i just looked at. boy. :)
: I would love to see as a guest performer on the #xfactor.”
So excited for San Diego!
"Is the Book of Mormon bible fan fiction?" Paranormal teen romance.
"Obama host traveling circus" Shouldn't he be hosting another vacation?
End of Month special on Jigsaw contacts. Hit us up for great deals on contact credits.
Um...no...lol I don't know, everyone has different opinions on #hot. I know people who say Jolie isn't hot!
God damn it RT Flying to New Jersey in a few hours. This weekend will be an intense one for me. Wanna know what's in store?
you were a total winner of best night ever. I was in bed by 9 last night, day drinking got the best of me. Whoops
THAT'S RIGHT FUCKERS!!
Want details of the day. Go
Canadian tweeps: when you make fun of American accents, are you all like "I'm a-BAHWT to go AHWT-side"?
Thanks! Our Wednesday event was a huge success - such a fun morning! Great to see everyone.
Do u know of a GOOD subdivision map for OC?
Got you added to the last newsletter - thanks for the RT
Going to do some #FF later today. DM me if you want one.
#MikeyIsOurHero thats what's happening twitter.
Here's to new followers!! l
Wheres a man when u need one?!!?! #scaredouttamymind #hatespiders! :'(
woow!! the remix i did for lady gaga marry the night thank yu alcohol:)
At #kipcamp, is telling us to compose a good tweet to start the day. OK.
#BackWhenIWasAChild My Mom Always Talked 2 Me About The "Private Parts"
#SchoolMemories I was about to whoop dis girl ass FRESHMEN YR. Lmao
Like i just got on. -___-
If I see one more picture with a flash going off in a mirror - it's not sexy. c'mon guys....focus.
HELP ME !!! I wanna to have a lot of Followers :D ♥
My heart goes out to all the animals and ppl in the midwest and esp Texas right now dealing with the Tornados on the ground, God Bless U ...
Happy Easter everyone! don't forget what it's all about.
Comment, Subscribe, Add me !! www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
Agreed. Most introverts would rather eat alone than have to talk to a stranger!
Ugh!!!! Auto- correct!
RT : "The current research represents the first demonstration of alcohol's effect on creative problem solving."...
Absolutely love #chasingthesun Keep up the good work guys
off to present at WLA about #n00brarians and virtual reference!
Yep, tis me. I couldn't resist the Kerrigan and Steinhauer books!
Um. No sir. #Tarheels all the way!
no I got mine last summer but I love it “: do you have the new one?”
hahaha! Yes- exactly
so, would it be weird to have a live band, and break dancers at my funeral?
thank you, darling. How are you?? Xoxo
No problem, anytime
Already got somebody, my friend, but thanks! We should start a catering fantasy baseball league.
I thought he was upset about it earlier...
Made 3 crazy beats in the studio today .
Life with Christ is beautiful
RT : Mothers. We love you. Thanks for making us. Today...is your day!
cucumber, tea bags, dab coffee.
you dont realize it but dont need makeup to look beautiful to me girl
Heard about the WM3! Thoughts? I remember you got ties to one of them.
LiL Bro Do Da Damn Thang.....": Damn 's presale tickects for dallas, tx is already sold out smh ."
Arrived in Austin, TX, headed to
thanks for the follow and support Mr. Jones go bears go cubs! check out
whew... and here I thought I might be missing the mark
lies. You shot a commercial. My print isn't even done haha
Who knows... Domino's could run a sweet Klout promotion and offer you pizza for life...
what happened? Low key crowd?
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways have cardboard boxes ready in case you kick him out.
they'll really be lucky if they were by my bedside lol
Your source for exotic Brazilian Hardwood Flooring
HOLY SHIT TOTAL ECLISE OF THE HEART IS INTENSE
In AZ? Make sure to check out our fundraiser thru for local #specialneeds org. Deets on blog www.knowledgesafari.com
Cauliflower?! Cauliflower blows. It's got to be my least-favorite vegetable.
If you love God...RETWEET
tonight or tomorrow ?
Royal Thai Government stinks.
. Thanks. Appreciate all POVs. Yours is obv. gonna be a prevalent one. And it's a corollary of mine: that this conspiracy is bunk.
can you sing the alphabet backwards?? ;)
you would have 5 cents :)
What , Simon be crazy, those girls are H-O-T!!!!
SHES A BEAST .. U ARE THE TRUTH TOO!
yeah... Its a huge time difference between the US and England
yay! I think we're grabbing a cheap hotel, too, just so we don't have to worry about driving 3 hours to get back that night.
Help us get to 100 followers by tomorrow! only 25 to go!
The reptilian, Harvey Pekar, Muzzy, and Northwestern tonight at It's a Kling Thing in Akron. Come hang out!
So many people wanna go with me, man I dont know who to choose. -.-
Do you have a second to talk over the phone?
you have great parenting skills.
Can I help you sell your home? Chris Lukens
YALL WHOSE CHEKIN OUT THE DEVIL MIDNIGHT SHOWN
New music from Neal Morse & Randy George being recorded at Radiant Studios. Mike Portnoy to join on Sunday. Stay tuned for more info.
I wonder if the #Cubs should market more to international fans, because Wrigley day games are watchable even with a time difference
So much to be thankful for - Gorgeous SD weather, Chargers, beautiful family, awesome friendships. Cheers to a great week!
In my experience if you cut HFCS out of your diet, you can eat almost anything and maintain healthy weight. It's in EVERYTHING.
that moment when you learn that the titanic was filmed in a giant pool...
Almost time for my boy Westbrook play
Sorry the Thursday night league is not on the website yet. Workin out the final deets.
Hey Eric! Just sent you an e-mail about making a fun video for Green Room. Absolutely love your place. Let's chat!
Girls in them Easter dresses >>>>>>
received a client question wondering how Nielsen is able to determine if a TV household is Hispanic
when you back doode?
We should organize some sort of event or do some kind of work together. w/ The Platypus Affiliated Society, that is
'll never forget what my great grandma told me on her death bed "bitches ain't nothin but hoes an tricks"
That last tweet brought to you by my inability to purchase the better-narrated British version of 's GRACELING on Audible.
cool who ya going for?
you are so pretty!!!
ok do u have a myspace account so u can see my profile and i can follow u
#EDU11 we need an "I promise to let people fail" sticker.
I find myself using cash less because it's easier to use my
YW! Thanks for sharing ideas on Twitter about achieving new levels of engagement!
This Saturday June 4th - Work At Home Business Expo in Orange County, CA - I'm speaking at 2:30pm - see you there! www.thehome-office.com
Thanks! I finished them finally tonight, but have no "off" time as I'm also working on another book. It's what I love, tho!
Sick of fucking competing. Becoming a hermit.
oh i've got a scar on my leg and the knuckle in my hand is still messed up.
We have extended our Buy 2, get 1 free through Sunday 4/29! Have a great weekend everyone!
#2011predictions i will find a
ah! Thanks, buddy!
The story develops with a series of vignettes that span my life as a youngster in Baltimore, a “missionary kid” in Colombia to...
8pm sunset? You guys are bringing me down. Can we get some nice baseball weather tonite and tom. to compensate?
Sorry ladies RT : Like my girl low key, no photoshoots, no twitter, no none of dat sh!t...just tune.
'go run out and buy a banana suit and wear it shopping on black friday. while checking out scream queens '
Just heard the most brilliant lyric 'I I I I I I I I I' Thank u Nicki Minaj.
thought you would get that!!
Don't lie to me: You're not recording this for MY protection. It's for covering YOUR ass.
my kids will be up in a couple hours, I'll see ya then! Have a Merry Christmas!
come over so i kan give u a sample den
lol, I keep getting this "someone is saying nasty things about you" on my twitter, I thought it was done doing that.
There are two novels that can change a bookish fourteen-year old's life: The Lord of the Rings and Atlas Shrugged. (+)
Mr. Dick Clark - Thank you sir for all you did.. You kept me safe on new Years Eve, stayed off the streets and waited to watch your show.
S/O to & other #warriorprincesses who recognize the strength, power & favor that comes w/ being Daddy God's baby girl!
My inner documentary-nerd is extremely happy with this week's Ken Burns-esque #Community narrated by Keith David. SO FANTASTIC.
But if you don't win you can always use our website. It will save you time and help you get the scholarship money easier.
Oh yeah! Saw a preview of that a while back. Looked pretty darn interesting. Thanks for the recommendation!
One day I will say I'm over you - and mean it this time<3
Pass legislation that makes the penalties for fraud count. New unit will hold accountable those mtg co that broke the law - Pres Obama
Nothing but liberal drivel anti-religion (really, religion-hating) bullshit!
makes sense
yes. Why are you stalking me?
Tha bros Ryy gonna beat up a nigga cause of this game..!
Xbox: You have a update from Xbox Live. Me: Ok cool. Xbox: Great! Its installed! It activates red ring of death! That'll be a $100.
#labutter Deli Magazine Release @ Best Fish Tacos in Ensenada Saturday 7pm. Did you know?
My mom just gave me her piña colada and didn't realize it had rum omfg its so bitter ew worst thing I ever tasted
Kit Hoover & Billy Bush are fantastic together. Beadle should do nights w/ Mario Lopez & dump horsefaced Aussie
For sure man... I'm doing better everyday! Not as good as you... YET :)
Sub7 and the Undead is slowly rising like a blood moon for the feast .
see you DID score big playing the game! shit shit shit! well, night. and no i'm not pouting. *sticks out lower lip*
Who are my fans???
WEWEWEWW!!! DADDY AND DADA I LOVE YOU BOTH BUT I LOVE DADDY MOST ...
I'm in what time?
thank you for clarifying this in the story
Marianne Williamson Every situation is a lesson in how to respond to life more perfectly.
It's so nice out ! What to do, oh yea nothing cus I'm sick :(
I would love that :) I'll try to make it happen! If not, I'll be home in June- just in time to enjoy the convertible!
its a side effect of that whole evolution thing.
The question is, will it be "Rock and Roll live NYE Countdown with Ryan Seacrest and Dick Clark's Hologram" this year?
today was a long day!..
Hello, please don't be offended -- was quoting info from several articles. You're in Germany, can you tell me real story?
Finally the #ImagineDrangons are getting air play..
Skinny girls look good in clothes.. FIT GIRLS LOOK GOOD NAKED!
Finally a voice of reason!
wondering if you're going to have an injury next season? www.3cpdx.com and Dr. Wong have a test for you! Get evaluated!
Shoutout To Our New Followers - Thank You
wow in the good or bad way???
You know the perfect post-earthquake food? Pizza, What, too soon?
NC State gets a bucket in before the TV timeout to cut the lead to one. Hoyas getting killed rebounding--Wolfpack have 9 offensive boards
- it will be the end of your free time!!!! Lol - hope you're good at it, or it will drive you mad!!!
"JP Morgan Disaster Highlights Obama Failure" #huffpost Actually, I think it highlights JP MORGAN's failure
just tried my life -_-
Learning about online STEM labs at #sloancres.Student benefits include having their "real" data discussed in online forums.
if I SAY I LOVE U say tht shitt back haha LMFAO
RED Decor will be picked up tonight for NOCHE de AMOR 2 | The RED PARTY | at this Friday
Thursday's schedule: 1:45 Equinox. Bring H20, protein, lock, MMA gear. Please tell Zac.
Kobe making young boys look bad lol!
We knew sylina was high for the first time,when she asked if anyone else heard the police sirens. LMAO
3 days till summer
yes follow back
Wow, jwow is the best friend in the world
Its sometimes difficult to balance entrepreneur/family life. You just have to make it happen and work best for you.
Had first non-friend-of-fam student visit to talk about pursuing a career in #museum and/or #archives work. Does this make me an adult? cont
“: The thief on the cross went from guilt, torment, and death, to streets of gold in one act of sincere repentance.”
"Best wide-angle lens? Two steps backward. Look for the 'ah-ha'." -Ernst Haas, 1985
Making spaghetti tacos for dinner. We might be brainwashed from watching too many #iCarly episodes.
We'll be for lunch tomorrow. Hopefully it'll be a nice day on the waterfront. Otherwise the tamales will make up for it!
#NP Soundgarden "Burden in My Hand"
This NHL Free Agent Frenzy makes me wonder why the NHL locked out in the first place. These contracts are ridiculous.
Nobody plays Whitney Houston's music for over a decade now everyone is distraught and doing tributes. Give me a break.
Everyone gets a big #hug today...Cuz I said so.
Games with the Er-lockers :-D
100th tweet :)!!! It's my birthday woke up 16!!!
Good today man
Hopefully ill get my hair braided this thursday
Yet another #RainDodgers day!
I own EVERY one of her albums,... tonight I sleep with a heavy heart. She is singing with the angels
PLEASE check out our site and follow us at www.facebook.com/SunsetIslandMusic Thanks
i was just thinking about the time and i had a water balloon fight!
Terrible pick by the Dolphins. Tannehill is NOT an NFL 1st rounder. Best of luck to him though, can't hate too much on a Texan.
Okay I really want OSX Mountian Lion now…
send us the link for the game! PLZ
March 2 is Dr. Seuss Day! What is your favorite Dr. Seuss book?
Awesome! Pint and Slice is exactly what Angola needs! If you need a local artist to show work for the opening, I know a guy!
R.O.M. = range of motion. The better the ROM during an exercise, the more benefit you get from that exercise. So DON'T cheat yourself!
OH NO! JACKIE BONAY IS HAVING HEART CONFARCTIONS!
$0 griff bucks not stopping me from getting my sweet tea
Out of the 86 chapters included in US Code, Title 22, the 2601 section is included in 36, which is entitled Migration and Refugee Assistance
has a house designed for a giant, everything I do requires a step stool.
Winner! --> RT The number of Democrat members of Congress.
1 hour and counting...then
probably so flawless.
Thanks Dirk...and the exciting part is how many more are coming up in our family. What a joy!!!
Up at 8:30 after 3 hours of sleep. Working on art. Listening to Bones Brigade all morning. super limited release afternoon
DONT LEAVE ME IM NOTHING WITHOUT U XD
Count me in! RT : I have the location!
Winners today: Faulconer, DeMaio, Frye, Lightner, Emerald, and Gloria for standing up for what they believe in.
#TrayonMartin is all of us
The podcast / archive should be up soon. ;)
slowly losing hope that I'll ever be noticed..
was I allowed to?
oh $(aspell), you're the only spellcheck I need.
& I see a hater
Thank you so much for following me
Good I aint want the knicks to get swept
Thanks for positive feedback on Guerrilla Usability session - looking 4ward to news on yr adventures in usability
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to be accepted by yourself.
They are like the greatest things eva!!---Brings out my Fratty self hahaha they look great
I'm getting more into it I think.... definitely see the value in organizing house favorites
This discussion of tilt is going on...forever...
Do you have a mirror mirror or American Reunion screening coming up?
Son please! Maybe next week? Haha
ah ok! We'll record it and post soon, then will Tweet at you with a link! :) Thanks so much!!
loving it! You're missing out.. Girls club rocks.
Another good one at the Denver coliseum- Mountain Vista up 27-26 over Highlands Ranch at half.
Have Aceves start and make Beckett the closer.
I will regret having chips and onion dip for lunch very shortly.
At this point Tom Brady has thrown twice as many touchdowns than Tebow has completions.
65 percent of altar-bound men and women live together before getting married
great man heading to the mountains for the weekend hbu?
All graphic design from us, websites to flyers and everything in-between are on sale 30% off. Email
Cena's awesome... but
I sent you a facebook message. How's life & urrthang? Hope you're still kicking ass at kicking ass.
Does all pickled ginger contain aspartame? Really?
Spoke with my dad and other family members I haven't been in contact wit. Found out I lost my cousin. Got the news late but still hits hard.
Been wanting to go on this date since 7th grade:)) #loveyou:)
Grounded!--new page update today!
dayumm, you should rock those DUnkles on Sun at !
yes I don't understand why one of my million or so followers wouldn't reply... if you become the guinea pig please let me know!
Pain and suffering are the soil of strength and courage
thanks for #following!
SIR?? Hahaha! & um it doesn't matter if you know phoenix, you still work right up the street!
#4famouswords Live within Your Means
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU! :)
cool. My family owns three Mitsubishi's with one more on the way!
Counting down the hours until the Rockies game tonight with my shlil' homies
Yeah! You guys are doing a good thing. We appreciate your customer service. Keep up the good work!
It's been three days now since I last checked how much money/equity I've won or lost. Plan is to check my results once a week max.
that's really cool I was flying back to Florida :)
Thanks Hilton! We loved staying at the Hilton Midtown! RT : Hope you had a great birthday in NYC!
went H.A.M today in 7th
we love alex russo !
Guess we can close the book on this one... RT No, trust me. Everyone doesn't hate him.
Thanks for making mention of Crosstown Wish today in the !
so your apart of this clowness too?
Sometimes you pull back, cause you're scared she'll end up being everything you've ever wanted...and you just don't wanna get hurt again
I've got the Mic, If you've got the the Mosh Pit
I'm considering growing out my bangs, for realsies.
It's only 10:30? Holy HELL this is going to be a long day.
I bet I can guess who
Demographics of a 2010 NYC business expo showed 50% owners/senior managers, and 2% lawyers. Confirming my view #lawyers are not networking
got it! You guys are in!
RT Undrafted free agents with no signing bonus like Cruz are usually camp bodies. Cruz came to NFL that way, now an impact player
Question 3...who SHOULD the #Browns select with the fourth pick in the draft and why?
Jeff Fitzgerald describes himself as "an Irish guy who likes a good fight" in speech to GOP leaders at
hope it went well!
It starts with her gorgeous voice, amazing range, beautiful phrasing, wonderful & song choices..Her a voice will move you Marianne Solivan …
3 canned goods at the gates (honor system) and a race to where ever you want to sit...
I hate when people do that..its like wtf you on twitter for if you don't want to talk to people?
yeah, Margo mentioned it in her zumba update. all her classes are cancelled until they figure out the transition
Your emotions are the most present-centred thing you have.
Wish my guy friends had twitters 👍
Thanks - we sympathize. We didn't want to add further cost to onsite #ala11 reg so that's why we offer live reg separately.
lol im not a jerk punk
#raw10 ur Ghetto: when u have money, ur never hungry, buy everything except Food. But be broke is when im Hungry, asking 2 use your EBT card
1D Flawless Homosexuals
City attorney says quorum not needed for study session
Hey - Tracy suggested I ask you; would like to guest post on the working mom blog about my 4 years as a working mom....?
Thank bro! I am pulling for you - I am right here in the Loop!
is gonna be the 15 tomorrow!!:)
you have 20 million beliebers as of today. In case you were wondering or something.
80's in Austin tomorrow and Friday!
the most ironic things happen to me o.o
it's going to be hard to beat the first time..i can't wait either. yummmmmmyyyyyyyyyyy
There Is A Reason Why Ppl Don't Pick Up Their Phone When You Call...
I voted for you on both of my accounts... How about a coffee date this week?
what's ur feeling on tonights game?
To vilify a great man is the readiest way in which a little man can himself attain greatness. Edgar Allan Poe Sounds like Obama
In a desperate attemp i am going to try my HARDEST to get to FOLLOW ME! Please Austin follow me. It would mean the world to me
That moment when someone drops by your office with a chocolate croissant for you.
This crap about unfollowing is b.s.. What a joke.
I know I try and act cool and not spam your timelines w/ Seddie rants, but really I'm just as Seddie-obsessed as the next Seddie fan. lol
Tonight's #Kiski School Basketball Game vs. Summit Academy at 7:30 pm will be broadcast live online on Kiski360.
36 in Blaine. Winter will return. I sure loved the 52 yesterday... I even opened my windows and aired out the house.
Um...corral is not a fruit, Ryan Seacrest.
Yeah. That. RT : Basically, people who seem much older but are actually younger than me are unintentionally making me feel bad.
Just watched life's too short on HBO in demand it's hilarious. The scene with Ricky Gervais Liam Neeson incredible
Sick days suck!
this my b day week
Thanks! It's nice to tackle a project that's technology free every once in a while
I AGREE WITH U!!(:
Goodnight n shit
When you look good, you feel good but you'll be at your best with a Dr. Wiggy's weave, full lace wig, and braiding hair! Call 855-DRWIGGY!
Will bullying stop when we finally create safe school environments?
TONIGHT at we've got and Sputnik! Doors at 8.
"Momma, i'm having a baby!" My little brother shouts as he takes a shit.
If you pretend, then I'll pretend Let's make it seem like we're all we need in the end..
temper tantrums<<<<
Money from strangers is soo funny!
just watched you Comedy Central stand up special from 07...girl..I loved it!!
Wish I had fake boobies so I never have to wear bras
GREAT MATCH GUYS!
and then look into getting tickets for nola.
movie put me to sleep three nights in a row
RT IF YOU LOVE YOUR GIBRALTARIAN FANS!!
Fuckkk him he's a dj, al night long he's got the beat(;
I was just wondering if my clone & I would get along or if we would want to kill each other. 80/20
thanks everyone for coming out tonight---too many of you to thank! the austin social media and entrepreneur community rocks! we <3 you
follow back chump
Thirsty for some Christian Worship? Attend SALT!! June 1st&2nd Greenville, KY. Link to FB event in my last tweet! It is going to be great!!!
beliebers= most perverted fan base that has ever existed lol
That is true, though there are exceptions
a great way to reduce nausea during pregnancy: not getting pregnant, babies are not hot!
It takes 3500 calories to gain 1 pound. So do the math on how many calories a day you should burn a day to lose 1 pound in a week?
If I know you're real with yours I'll cut everyone off for you...
Love is the hidden message within all fear and pain, no matter how horrible they make you feel.
Good morning twitter world, it's time to turn dreams to reality.
yeah, we should!! That would be fun! (:
so so my best friend jennifer denise told me that your birthday is on saturday.
you'll be obsessed with Indian food once you give it a go - IF you can handle it. When are you in Louisville?
fuck video games, neither me or him even like them. we enjoy cold beverages and bad bitches!
Susan, don't encourage him.
FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE HOSTED BY & KITCHEN OPEN 21 + EVENT YOUR SAFETY IS OUR #1 PRIORITY
The only way to love is to risk.
"Teach Only Love" ~ Archangel Michael
please don't be in love with someone else. please don't have somebody waiting on you.
Accusin is never good bcuz if u accuse a man enough times n they innocent then they might as well make it come true bcuz u don't believe em
A few clicks make your wmv videos on your iphone 4. bit.ly/rsb3Rc
what are your thoughts on alternative energy? hit me up
A man's got to have a code.. -Bunk
#ifweedwerelegal i wouldnt give a fuck i smoke alot anyway regardless if its legal or not.
Last year I remember I practiced really hard and didn't make it, this year is my last chance as a senior.
that's my type of Bitch
“: your pretty...behind a wall...in another country...over the ocean...with a mask on...in the dark(:”
Back to work. Office isn't piled too high with work but I doubt I'll be on twitter much until I'm caught up. Will keep y'all posted.
Waiting to get into the band room. Got a new hair cut
Thers something about your tuch and sothing voice that sends a craving of (I want) thru my body
nm. Why you up?
#Idol has no sound on fox... These are amazing musical artists and its too bad that tonight's awesome episode has malfunction issues plz fix
AccuProcess Releases Business Process Modeling Software for Apple Mac OS X
“: Feels like I'm not good enough..” You're the best babe 
After relentless award show disappointment, I'm thoroughly pleased that Arcade Fire won album of the year.
Leadership is knowing the difference between giving tough feedback with compassion and softening it so much that you're lying.
- Got Jamie - will not be there but you are supported and admired - You always "bring it..."
Excited to have you join us in our Digital Organizing course! Let us know if you have any questions in your registration.
RIP Maurice Sendak, the man who brought us, "Where The Wild Things Are." Combined our weirdness, adventure, & childhood all in one!💗
RT : here is still time to show #KYCares. Phone banks are open until 7pm. Call 800-500-1513 to support Red Cross storm relief.t
Not everyone thinks your toddler is adorable.
first time watching some old episodes of the Jack Benny Show...pretty funny i must say
In 74% of the presentations I hear, when the speaker has an awkward pause, they just yell out "uh....social media."
Biggest craving for lemonade.
pick me! pick me! I really wanna go! Please!
2012 SENIORS. I think it's safe to say this is gonna be one of the best summers of our lives
My toys love it. They tell me every day..... They are demanding brushable MonsterKolor now.... and I must comply. :)
Thank you! We feel the same. :) RT : Yay! Thank you! Love you guys and the community you created!
glad you like it, thanks for your feedback
rite on! I'll deff check it out. I love photography. I Do some wicked PhotoShop work here n there... Keep in touch :-)
It would seem only fitting for to follow
Camera Fun Time! It's the last day of National Dog Week. Find a dog & start snappin' away. A vid or 2 would be nice too. Get a good closeup!
I'm meeting my buddies out on wiener tit!
Three small boys with their moms came to the mission with armloads of socks for the homeless!
Okay, you convinced me lol
Thanks to the somber novels of Ernest Hemingway, contemporary artists seem to have the idea that humor is an inferior element of writing.
I know this is off topic than basketball but what is your take on the Flyers Performance so far this season
I'm BACK !... again , so mention me for a follow back :)
Welcome to Twitter! Keep it up :-)
Quiz Night 8pm. We also have NFL ticket for those interested in fantasy. Booze time is here.
Directed a 17 hour shoot and it was all worth it!!!!!!!
"She had memories of being fast as a girl. The speed in her legs went untested & ignored. Back then, there weren’t women doing men’s stuff."
Love it :)
#ireallycantstandwhen people pretend to hate iPhones
Live life a lil damn this your only one...
Everybody has that ONE song that they HAVE to sing when it comes on.
back... and have a new sister :) also witnessed a battle... a wu tang slide battle
Your self-sensing, internalized perception of yourself is radically different from the externalized projection that is your body
A Lothian at #MIGC: queer temporality tells us not just to focus on *product* of vid but *process* of vidding.
Out to PR tomorrow and I haven't packed yet
Life is a long lesson in humility.
NABD Dealer Academy was a success. Join us at booth 719 tomorrow for the main event!
..enjoying some delicious Pad Thai from EE Sane. Absolutely incredible. Go eat there, my MKE friends.
sec 9 row K seat 51:)
Why is mailchimp misbehaving on me?
Augie Garrido is the best coach you've never heard of- look him up...
Only bid submitted at Summer Meetings was by Collegelax, not sure what that means now that it is a non-functioning business
: All you need is Love, Love. Love is All you need. Happy Valentine's Day Love! From me to you x ;-)
well that's gotta be embarrassing haha
Shoutout to for the RT appreciate the support!
Code doesn't get me; stupid browser quirks do. And annoying people. #$%@
's Eric Westendorf and Adrian Fenty back to back?? Best day ever
FUCK this god damn yard sale bullshit!
meat? Really? Can't say I ever tasked that in wine. Smoky yes but not meat. Maybe I need to work on expanding my palette!
we'd love to! Help spread the word :)
I was supposed to grow up to be a star & excel at what I do. It's been a while & I'm not there yet, so God bless me with a breakthrough!?!
Sticky Fingers with the fam. South carolina style BBQ, im in love
She's still my angel without wings
OMG 117 followers!... thts amazing thnk you guys! love you all<3
I hope Vandy is ready because MTSU will be fired up and ready to play. 1:00 p.m. start
lmao love you 💜😘
I think that's what everyone wants. Let's hope TT is on the same page or I will kick his ass! Lol
Oh, that's actually a really good idea. But BLERG on the friend who can't remember people not on FB.
Steak, brats, and burgers. Ron Swanson would be proud.
that's rite lol bro!
sweet- who is it with? CNN? E!TV?
yea that was top of r/Nashville! Not a major subreddit but still.
ok iphone is in a bowl of dry rice...wish me luck
"I wasnt that Drunk", "Dude you were in my pool trying to find Nemo.."
november please be kind and ever so sweet.
For every bad thing that has happened in your life, just know that God has protected you from worse!
One of my clients is opening a great new yoga lab in the HelMel Bike District, LA's east side, on Apr 2
Begrudgingly liked Eng win. New lot not yet primping underachievers..Give them a few years though!
In scripture, Joshua 1:9 strengthens us, "Be strong, have courage. Again, I say have courage." In 2012 and always, Courage Leads.
We are accepting delegates for the 2012 EWI Int'l Pageant. If full entry is paid by Deceber 1, 2011 you will receive a $200 discount.
One of the secrets of life is to make stepping stones out of stumbling blocks.
My sister used to have an imaginary friend named Milan, she lived in Ohio and liked tacos. I mean we all know we had an imaginary friend.
IM DOING SOME NOW!!!! :D
More likely a grainy photo and a paragraph on a wall somewhere.
Do you need a new unit or help w/ parts for an older one? Stop by the "coolest" place in town for great service & value
,I hit followlimit ;(
Mom's in LBK
Message me if you are ever back in the Midwest! Would love to catch up ;)
Just can't make it past a Step Tourney, not going back not going forward just staying still. Had 2 guys dead to rights both suck-outs.
"Finding You Work" tonite @ 10.A Decatur employer is looking to hire 50-75 people. If you don't mind answering phones,this could be for you.
“: #shoutout to my GS and her clothing line :)”
I really need to get in the habit of tweeting on a regular basis again. What to tweet, what to tweet?
headed to the studio. time to make things happen.
Now would be a good time for you to spread the word about Come Home Baltimore. Share our page on your time line today!
Tequila?? YES please!!
Have I damaged my ability to experience romantic love?
I'm kidding!(:
Loiter Squad!
Have u ever been misunderstood, misrepresented, misinterpreted? Jesus is every day. Don't take my word -or anyone else's. Find out yourself!
Should definitely win
I laugh, I love, I hope, I try, I hurt, I need, I fear, I cry. I'm human. Break the rules before the rules break you.
I'm glad you clarified that, Timmy. Oh Dio Mio
Link's broken brotha.
oh good morning btw have a blessed day :-)
Would be great employee volunteer effort: RT : Trained tech volunteers next step in improving disaster workforce
RT #Leadership Thought: Decisions R the catalyst 4 action which R the catalyst 4 results. Is that why decisions are so hard?
Text me people(:
looking to monetize your screen with relevant content? Ask locbit how.
♪A Child And His Lawnmower - Give Me Convenience or Give Me Death
I think its #MambaTime if not im turning dis shit off
she told me our family was royal! what!?
These chicks need some hobbies or something bbw
The difference between before and now is that the dumb people are arroganter. And they don't speak good English. via
That's right , I'm a tweeter. I just blew your mind. x
commercials... "Put on the meat ponchos"... "Sweat is like tasty gravy to a hungry wolf"... So funny!
Welcome! What did you think of explanation of the pork crepinette paired w/ the wee heavy?
Um what?
they're like that in curling too.
Debs m!
second and girl this was supposed to be yo treat
I dont want them to settle...I want them to aim high. This is my dilemma for today.
I got to train with 08' Olympic judo teacher tonight. Really a lot of cool stuff!
RT : Latest twitter stats: 1 billion tweets a week. 140 million tweets a day. Average 460,000 new accounts a day.
Prin told me that the teachers were paid per session
Shout out to our new followers! Help spread the word about IUSUW!
Received a high risk Environmental Risk Summary but don't want to do a Phase I report? Do a Records Search with Risk Assessment!
Fuck it, my eyes keep getting watery I might is well let it out.
Can someone PLEASE tell me why I took a long nap at 6pm?!?!? I don't even know why I did that!
Starting to wonder if someone took my "could we have a shortstop worse than Yuni" tweets last year as a challenge....
I want mighty
Don't let anyone deter you from doing what you love, but it's transparent as hell in the music world.
Google makes all kinds of magical things. Is Google Wave the next big thing? Hm. . .
RT is pricing out what it would take to do our events
I hate you! You're such a copy cat! :p
So if Greyson decides not to get a tan in Asia, he can gladly come to MY house and get a tan by my pool (:
How to Make it in America ... tune in peoples ...
what is #GenVeg?
lol Jesus really is my homeboy! he says so in John 15:15
HEY, MALYNDA!! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!! :)
Pitt basketball:trying hard to live up to the legacy of Panther football game by game; as Dixon does his imitation of Wannstedt
RT : 2011 Pronto: The freshest top-quality authentic Lambrusco in the USA. Come on down & taste it Table
Lol Your Not Having Kids Any Time soon !
- and we also don't have bugs or humidity.
Alright...Steelers - Broncos --- Logic speaks to Pittsburgh but stranger things happen. PITT 24 - Denver 13. You say what?
okay cool.I might be out of town for work part of the weekend. I'll keep you posted.unless you weren't inviting me to meet up :-)
Not me-don't care-season is way too long Honest question: how many people are aware that the MLB season opened today?
How have we just discovered ??? What an amazing site!
maybe he'll need 2 muses hahahaha I knew you'd understand :P
Members Card LA Kings -115 (10 units)
hah and all of the above smh..
Anything for the lovely 😊
Then explain to me, why you and other Republicans protect the rich as opposed to the middle class suffering in this country?
I like that😉
cuba's going 2 start drilling 4 oil? this is not good
I of course support local artists and but that exchange was ridiculous.
FB just announced there'll be branded stories featured on people's feed... Bold move. The pressure is on for brands to put out great content
isnt it funny how I got more followers than the person whi mad my twitter
Things Fall Apart.
How long before he learns about your Tweet and turns around to introduce himself?
What a great concept. This looks awesome!
just got finish eating takis........... really hot need bout two cups of water
What foods are you always in the mood for (especially during the summertime)?
oh hey there gina :D
hahaha no way, I'll have to check it out sometime
So true! homemade meatballs are the best!
Day 83 of 100: I am thankful for seeing that I've been, I am and I'll always be a student in this acting thing
sounds like an interesting workshop.
Celebrate #CharityTuesday with !!
Fantastic. Thank you for speaking out. It's so important to fight the stigma placed on those who w mental illnesses.
#happyfathersday Feeling real blessed 2 b back home with my fam after long 3 weeks on the road! JenoLo #Release 2day...guess we have to C
I need a #ciggaret for #real :) Cereal Bowles
Woot!!! Can't wait...RT : i can already taste that big bottle of "kirkland'sbest" vodka... just have to wait til June 1!!
RT "My english teacher used to staple Burger King applications on failed tests."
Carlos needs to pick em up here!
Damn why people hating on Cher Lloyd?
definitely Pandora
then why did you write into the law that the rates would double? To use it for attack ads against GOP? BINGO!
That's good to hear sweetie, if you ever need me I'm here
RT : Repeat after me: #improudtosay that I support full equality for all humans NO MATTER WHAT!
Thinking of making a big move. If you could live anywhere in #America, where would you live and why?
It's morning and I'm so happy to be on the planet
Mike (without the mechanics)
Big Season ahead #31.get ready to hit anything in Purple with Raven birdies on the helmets
big bang theory .
We in playhouse Hollywood ! Whiz Khalifa, Jermaine Dupri , and Chris Brown came through! Welcome to California !You lovin it yet?
That was tough...
you had great stuff btw. Keep up the good work!
So.So.Horny....
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them. Benjamin Jowett #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
No Vaseline - Ice Cube (1991) #nowplaying Y'all disgrace to C-P-T !!
Wow. The only thing that could make the Grammys more intolerable is having a guest appearance by Mario Manningham and Victor Cruz
you're a twisted motherfucker
Thanks so much for the RTs!
Hoping Mon-Wed goes fast and the week slows down on Thursday...in need of some beach time!
love it too! Thanks for the post :)
RT Have a great time! Savor & enjoy. //Thank you!
congrats on the honors this week! Slice on Magazine or St. Charles for Pizza. u looking for something specific? let me know
do u want the link? I'll see if I can find it again...
we can use 's car as well.
Girls r school so I cut em like seniors..weezy
I was always a big fan of Michigan, particularly the helmets....
Please tell your friends about !!! We're debuting soon and need all of Memphis, the USA, and the World to tweet us! LOVE!!
Can U invoice me the ALLIGATOR SHOES standard lease at thanks.
Schadenfreude Pie sounds DELICIOUS.
"The measure of our success is not determined by how we act during the great times in life but how we respond in our most difficult moments"
Wow, it's December now! I need to get my tree up ASAP. Lots of lights around here. I love holiday F words...Food, football, family, fun!
G.M.N.I.: Praying for my momma.
why didn't anyone in #uwmjmc307 note we forgot to talk about PSA's? We'll finish internet, talk about PSA and then get to Tweetin' :)
If you learn the art of right contact, anything is alright.
If you thought you looked cute when you walked out your house , uhm think again.
if your talking about school im with you
Having a bad day:(
Listening to Gotterdammerung this am... RT I just know SOMEBODY out there is listening to something great!
Things are heating up at #politifest in SD. Local politics, orgs & families. Good times.
I hate to be negative & critical but today everyone is driving horribly. Let's get it together Los Angeles !
Way to go #Dempsey! US men up 1-0 v. Italy
I happily accept.
I'm so excited! You know where I'll be tomorrow! #RobertDowneyJr GET IN MY PANTS!
I'm actually going to have stuff ready tomorrow (not much but a start). One of my friends bought Hippie Dragon =)
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience with Axe Body Spray? Ping back for more info! :-)
Just tapped Alaskan Freeride Pale Ale.
that is so dicusting
You bet! Done.
This thunder is ruining my monday night novelas!!
amazing hosts, superb guests @ great location.. thank you!
Society to hold panel discussion on W&M curriculum w Anne Neal, ACTA President, March 14, 2012 at 4 p.m. in the Great Hall, Wren Building.
Go online, dine and recline above the city skylines. Drink fine wine and Mai Tais. Sit back and F-L-Y. ©2011
kitty is pissed off i haven't gone to bed yet, guess I will
Bring your hearts, the ability to smile and to put one foot in front of another.
The album is amazing Adam<3 Hope to see you on tour soon! xoxo <3
good now I can use iheartradio
RT : I love that so readily adopted the sobriquet #waynebot. // If the shoe fits . . . ;)
minute clinic was closed. lame. but i def have no plans for tonight
I think everybody ought to get prosperous and famous and do everything they ever desired so they may notice that it is not the reply.
Me: Mom, you & dad have the house to your self tonight. Mom: maybe dad can fix my dryer tonight, that would be sexy. Me: bahahahahah
exactly why #entrepreneurs need to be punished for wealth and job creation to sate the mob?
Thanks for the follow, I follow back
forgive me for failing to keep your girls straight. your love life is hard to follow.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. Jim Carrey
Afro Man Kids Space Trivia Quiz: What is a world's strongest metal?
Hahaha hey! That wasn't about you dear. Sheeeesh. Don't shoot
I really can't believe this....RIL Vesta Williams. Sweet Love was the joint! Dang.
WHAP essay about New York city is not exactly the best thing
What's up Twitter
leaving for san fran to see my family in a few hours. so excited i can hardly sit still.
you know i dont sleep #Graveyard Shifts BlackShadeMafia
Good Morning :)!!
Dear God, could you please get rid of my cold?
I have a Sessions Only Pass for sale. Event is sold out! DM if interested.
Not necessarily! There are a million fan-vote competitions that end in weird ways... see EA being named "Worst Company" ;) ^BPS
Look at you with the fabulous Coach Greene! Keep up the good, hard work Dez!
Ahh I'm SO full.
Nariana Smith from Chapel Hill Middle says hello and she is so proud of you DM me so I can send you her number!!!!
Booking requests for private and workshop pageant & performing arts coaching in your area can be sent to
follow me bck :)
The only positive of Berman on US Open is reaction when it comes on the air.
maybe the life before.
shower time :p
Congratulations r March MVP. Nominated by team for her everyday AWESOMENESS in #PR! & a great person to boot
Happy Thanksgiving!!
