Let it snow let it snow let it snow
So confused!!
yay I'm Alex's family:D
thats a cute cat
Hey douches, don't steal a penguins on your drunkin' night out. It isn't funny. You're lucky little Dirk is okay. Douches.
so you think the #NBA has lost it's essence?? What would you change Fam in the NBA?
Yes, that was me shoveling snow today. Don't ask.
Give a chick a fish, she'll eat for a day. Give her your rod, she'll be sharing meals for 18 years. Take the fish, ladies.
Its almost dark...which means, I better get home and fight off the lady bugs I left chilling in my dimly lit 1/2bath.
hit us back bro!
-Pens D need to at Least show up for 1/2 the game-And if Sid and Geno r 2 gether on a line 2 nite, Geno will score- thoughts?
just made my day..
nicely said ;)
Damn I've been in my zone cleaning and packing. So ready to be home!
I agree! See you in a bit :-) P.S. read your resume last night Ms. Book Author!
follow back sucka!
It was $40, kinda expensive :/
Lil Wayne doesn't make sense. His songs don't have any meaning, he just says dumb stuff about how he's so "good".
Probably. The subconscious is sneaky like that. I also have weird dreams if I eat ice cream right before bed 2, so who knows :)
Dreamchaser, keep chasing, grind will turn into your shine be patient.
Bristol Palin is the product of a dumb dingbat and a father who walks behind the dingbat and carries her purse.
#rememberwhen the hardest decision we had to make was what we wanted to watch, wear to school, or where we wanted to eat at.
Why must I be an subscriber to watch shows on the app? Why not offer a day pass/per show price? Waste of a retail opportunity.
whomever gets a text from me is getting em double. im blowing up DBP from at the moment.
Thank you for the tweet! Much appreciated.
#Apple sent me a survey based on my latest experience in the #AppleStore, but survey doesn't work on purchase from said store.
Wearing scrubs.
RT : Spread the word to help us get #alleyshrimp photo permissions? Just send peeps to this link, m'kay. Yer awesome. http:/ ...
SAME OMG BB
Thanks for the follow! Deb in Iowa
Over the next few weeks we will be putting machines into the Hawthorne Theather 1507 SE 39th Ave Portland, OR 97214
yes, enjoy the trip my man, looking forward to some updates!
Happy Birthday time coolest paranormal investigator out there!!!
Biggie's music, Tupac's attitude
haha i know <3 . So sorry im on my phone and internet not really working at the moment :/ . I cant vote :(
I'd like to see moore of them, from you.
#whenimwithyouall.... my problems go away the way u make me smile the way u look at me is so outstanding but who am i talkin bout
Great talking with you guys! Call me for anything anytime! All areas of Music and Business covered! Much Love!
awesome game tonight :)
"Tea and Zombies" might be the title of my autobiography
it's going to KILL me!
Lmao of course Kobe has the ball in every NBA commercial
i finally finished my paper. i really think i have ADD or something
maybe I'll keep it for you then babe ;)
tonight a good night to start. I haven't had the best day. I need to run off some anger.
Honing my musical/photography passion since I can't sleep =D
Lunch on Tues, per favore, before we both head home for the holidays. PS Congrats on completion of your Capstone!
Tnx for favorites & RTs, and ... can you gentlemen explain why I'm working more on spring break? Albeit with wine.
WOW!!! Somebody just in followed me
And did she hide the steak knives Saturday night, 8th and 9th innings?
But I thought Weeden was going to be a soccer player
Hope you are having fun out yonder. Looked like the Aces thing was fun. I'm just #upeditingatoddhours - Hope you are good.
Thanks for much! I just sent the icon. I appreciate the consideration about potentially being added too. :)
Our new apartment is really coming together
you wanna go?
Everything's great, Giulia! New classes next week and baby is wonderful! Can't wait to see you out there teaching & inspiring!
i know omg im yelling
you guys are in my prayers, love you Carla Lynn!
RT : you already know man you family now bruh
thanks for the follow :-)
I do have work to do, , but you should go see 's #Chimpanzee with friends!
I mean, which ones are being taken over by City Schools. Fact sheet lists 6. Tweet said 5.
Felling like you r part of a family.. #bestfeelingever love my friend Joz & her beautiful kids, I even love her big, scary, black husband:)
Going to Indian Head, MD for a presentation today and then wedding rehearsal this evening.
Welcome to my personal twitter account. I also manage accounts for , , , ,
arod has a sexy voice. #worstbostonfanever :(
Patient: The problem is that obesity runs in our family. Doctor: No, the problem is no one runs in your family.
I cant believe i'll be 20 in a couple hours...fml
Ron Paul waxing nostalgic for the good old days of high poverty senior citizens again, saying Medicare and Medicaid weren't needed.
At least my USA hat prevented a head injury
I want her to be a bitch and critique tho. She's too nice, but I know she can be a bitch!!! Lmao
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Florida!
Pacers puttin NAP on the map! They look god right now
We're good just need to step our defense and we'll fine. Not a fan of trading baskets back n forth
Thank you for the RT and helping us spread the word!
#TeamFollowBack >>>>>>> follow her for me.
and here I was, thinking it was me. :P
Special Session time. Good thing and I are breaking out the Four Roses this weekend.
High School -_-
I'm visiting Rochester because I need to pick one college as a backup in case I don't get into George Washington. gahhh
A Girl in China lost her Virginity at the age of 13, She was called "Sum Yung Ho"
I need new people to text. -.-
Make sure to register your 6-12 y/o for Jurassic Conservatory by Feb23!
Enjoying the day off while and Philippe use the studio to record some tracks for an upcoming movie trailer.
im stressed!!!
I feel like a big girl producer today. Txrd, sxsw, and beyond...
Reviewing Resumes - buzzword hell.
is my best friend. ok, guys.
Thanks!! We appreciate your loyalty and support!
Fish always look like they're mocking how people talk when they're breathing, they must get into a lot of unwanted fights that way.
"The difference between fiction and reality is that fiction has to make sense". ~ Tom Clancy via
Why are the Atlanta wine & food festival tix so pricey? Ugh
I still have so much to do -.-
He knew the Swede involved in the Dec. 2010 bombing. The Swede trained with Al Qaida, so terrorism isn't yet ruled out.
BOYS:If your girl puts you after everything, then maybe its time to just give her some space
yeah!! We out here. Mayweather won
what makes her so much better than me?
we will see starting Monday
no 2 3 days ago got up at 6
"Have a dream, make a plan, go for it. You'll get there, I promise." -Zoe Koplowitz, marathon runner who is afflicted with MS & diabetes
Andy Pettitte coming back to the Yankees! What?! Can't wait for this MLB season
Q5 Interns should be paid. Otherwise, they are a volunteer and should have the flexibility of such.
Oh! When is that?
#TAF & I can't goto sleep cause I'm angry and now that I woke up I can't go back to sleep cause I'm sick.
Loser..Loser..Hey! I've heard this call before! I bet you have....
#nwill2011 K used SoftChalk e-learning tool to create interactive web content - it can be shared via web, CMS, etc (inexpensive & easy)
its hot as hell in this house
Happy Mother's Day, world!
Douglas Crockford said it's "Je Son" [french accent] Everyone I know says "Jason"
I love making lists.
Business and conservation groups should be able to "unite behind" revised planning rules for England, says Commu..
My memory has a way of shaping unpleasant events frm the past into wonderful learning experiences. Its never as bad as it seemed then.
Today we safe-guard the world by out-sciencing the scientists
“ her booty so big i can hang my chain from it”
its day 259 At home #Ayn loved to play outside in her backyard, now she spends her days in a basement
Any good food trucks in Farragut Square that people want to recommend? I'm grabbing lunch there and don't know what to get. Thanks!
I go 3-4 times a week and spend usually about an hour. The trick is to maximize your time while you're there :)
D Lamb with 21
Big League Chew and it's not even close.
"Who are we playing today?" #Pistons "What's their record?" Terrible. "Perfect. That's reflective of my mood." Don't eff w/ C today.
Michigan feels the same!
But he's so cute XD OMG LOL very awkward ... OH WELL
S/O to all my followers
Rain on my commute ... What's up with that???
is looking for a #Java #Technical #Lead for a #contract to hire #job with a large retailer in #SF . Interested candidates must have worked …
Anna Paquin and Steven Moyer sitting behind Lil Wayne at the Mayweather Cotto fight. These are the things I notice.
Don't mean to let you down, but it ain't summer yet! I know it felt like it last week though. :)
I just noticed that i'm one cool ahh nigga.
- we wish you could be here too! We will be live-tweeting & blogging, so follow along :)
come on man u really think the royals should never bunt? If Getz can't bunt there when the hell do guys in bottom of order bunt?
RT : Let go of any negative ppl in your life, it is YOU who are letting them hold you down.
RT : following now!! RT : I am working to follow all of you lovely ladies! :) TREH
Oh my darling you're more than welcome. I'm very thoughtful when I'm sober. I had almost two thoughts last week!
why are there so many polish pastry shops? they might look good but we all know they're not good
Friday Night Football: Brighton Bulldogs host Monarch HS at 7:00 pm at BHS Stadium.
I don't care who you're for...that was a GREAT game last night. Hats off the the Cardinals for keeping it alive!!
Just announced! After-party in Atlanta, GA for the show on 11/19. Come watch some music moe.ron's!
Wish I had seen these earlier! I totally could have taken you.
Thanks to Randy of On-site computer solutions for donating their old cell phones, Way to go. Lets keep it up
I just wish people's expectations would align with what they are willing to fund (and pay for). Especially in IT.
Goodbye we will miss you! Best of luck in 1871 :)
Is she wearing her crown too? #TheWire RT : Granny has her Mother's Day Church outfit hanging out already.
#FF You're Welcome My Friend! Thanks for the Shoutout! You're Awesome! Follow here people- One of Twitter's Coolest! Always funny!
Babysitting wears me out :/ but i'm making money #likeaboss :)
Yeah, good luck with that. I'm just shocked they didn't ask him his thoughts on Middlebrooks
Thank you to all our veterans; you are greatly appreciated!
Twitter, stop trying to get me to follow Zooey Deschanel. I don't need your judgment.
Every day there are more than 110,000 patients waiting for a lifesaving organ donation. Have you signed up to be a donor yet?
Why do i always wake up home alone?
One thing I do miss about Tennessee is the friendliness/hospitality...
$$$ This is the week to check your mailbox Colorado! You could have a $100 check in your Valpak envelope!
PLEASE call me next time, I can give you a ride/pick you up!
You Joy is a Babe
Uhm, why does golds close at 7pm on Saturday?
Currently on Yahoo front page: Trayvon Martin, Obamacare...and new bikini rules for Olympic beach volleyball players.
One of my users said of my #salesforce reporting skills, "You are the Ex-Lax of data". A compliment, I think!
Stuck on the 6.
Follow my gorgeous cousin :)
Living in the past positions you to be PASSED over. You can bet if it worked 15 years ago it likely won't work today - embrace change!
So how are things on Uranus?
Nandos!! how could I forget the sauce! South Africa sounds exciting...have you heard Shakira's official worldcup song? WakaWaka
I don't like the new TwellowHood, I can't see the list like I used to be able to so I can follow popular people in my hood.
Def going to see the movie, The Avengers, when it comes out! #toocool!
love it!“: Country singer Vince Gill, season seat holder for Preds, shown on jumbotron with t-shirt "Bertuzzi is a Sissy". #hnic”
There are far too many Condescending Wonka twitter accounts.
Go head with your Charles and Ray Eames self! : D watchin out!! you're full of great surprises!
stop texting and start running lol
I'm proud to say that I have consciously avoided paying attention to Jose Canseco's tweets.
Monday. Big game is over. Long week ahead. Late night Happy Hour starts at 10, $5 Drafts.
If it's for a comedian, you won't need luck. But good luck any way
You guys are way to cute!!! LOVE!!
That moment when your thinking bout OC and who are you gonna shoot with your nerf gun #War lol
thats my favorite game!!!!!
I love how peaceful (and traffic-less) LA is before the sun comes up.
do u have a mall or anything??
that's literally the coolest thing I've ever heard. which languages?
My shoelace came untied. is to blame! What a jerk...
Well icon. Your icon is pretty! (:
What the eff is this Vitamin Water commercial about?
Centralized monitoring & monitoring plan expectations are defined The primary focus is protecting human subjects & maintain data integrity.
WE want to hear your engagement story! Win a FREE Bridal Make-up app! Share with us your story at
Also I hate when people walk super close behind me, I feel like I'm about to get jumped.
Follow a Fringe Artists:
c'mon I love Ozzy and his Santeria practicing ass. We know he's batshit crazy, that's part of his charm
sitting in the presenters lounge with Mr. Jefferson. NO RLY!
After watching Dinosaur Train, Riordan say "I tried to be a pteranodon, but I just don't have a beak"
I wonder if dj back from kansas ?
Everything is going really great. How are you?!
pretty sick..this takes it to that necessary next level to be simple, credible and viral.
Thanks for the shout out!
“: "What? You can get arrested if you're on the football team?" - from contact at #Mifflin” <<-- Wow, MPD is going for the gold.
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness. ~ Julia Roberts
I can literally hear every word these girls say from down the hall.
Talking to my mean strict aunt Hahah .
I have watching the dog all day
Tim Tebow: Charging $160 an autograph is great if ALL the proceeds go to charity not just a portion. Reminder: you are Tim Tebow not Lebron
Im heading back to polling place. This time armed with poll watcher certificate. This ain't over.
RT : A HUGE Praiiiii Pi Chi to my prophyte for winning Greek Woman of the Year! #THETA runs this show!!
happy MALG day to you.
3. The Revelation study has got a hold of me and my little ladies group and we...are...loving'...it!!
was created 3 fugitives on moonshine
Is it really worth going behind my back?
Marshall-ism of the Day: Everything begins in thought and the reality is only our interpretation of the situation.
couldn't be happier with the start :)
The best tool for content and connections
And cue rain forest downpour
We feel so blessed and thankful to do what we love and help people along their journey!!!
that's awesome!!
yeah for sure! That's gonna be a fun game to watch tomorrow
*thinks* No, that's just funny to me. *thinks more* No, that, too.
The market opens at 10am rain or shine!
RT thanks for the #shoutout your the best!
RT : Both of my babies were #borntoosoon Daughter at 30 weeks, son at 35 wks.
Not as crazy as instagramming a pigeon in the first place ! ;P😝
The Flu Season is looking great, everyone!! Buy your 10 dollar tickets for this Thurs-Sun at fluseason.eventbrite.com !
Bad news.... your segment got cancelled from here on out... WEIRD!?!?!?
Did someone say BACON ? Our Special Today is the Maple Candied Pork Belly - House Cured and Smoked !
12 "Marketing Super Powers" #7 The Power of Autonomy - have a goal to create the business of your dreams on your terms which = SUCCESS!
Gave myself amazing bangs today! Thanks to tutorial. Great advice!
I haven't even started!!!!
don't forget to check out in Madison tonight! You're on the guestlist and dinner's on us!
Ah! I changed my password yesterday - sorry, no clue why it's still doing that. I'm getting spam from all over, too. :(
we can ask that at the legal roundtable tomorrow
Long Treat Mom to a Healthy Happy Mothers Day... Buy her a Gift Certificate. Call our Houston office 713-623-0866
should i get drunk and then reply?
400 Followers!! We LUV you TWEEPS - RT and spread the word - Cougars & Cubs Ball this weekend where our 40+ bombshells at?!
Yep! Miami!
Ha, isn't that the truth! RT‏ : Anyone selling raingear today in DT Austin is going to kill it!
I finished the Hunger Games again...Now I need to finish Fifty Shades of Grey and I can move on two the next books
I'm listening to the Radiohead mix that ErinDish made for me about 6 years ago.
Are you hiring? RochesterWorks! has funding available to help businesses to reduce the cost of training and hiring new employees. Contact …
Lol, my mom used to yell at me cuz all i did was twitter, and i used to say that "AT LEAST IM NOT DOING DRUGS OF HAVING SEX"
yes, filming in a few weeks and looking forward to work with the great cast and crew!
Grilled pastrami on rye on now at Lottie's!
Im such a big fan(: I love your voice<3 keep up the god work(:
Excited to meet with some #Northeastern faculty today to talk about our #Health & #Security research strengths and funding opportunities.
Worry about your character & not your reputation, b/c your character is who you are, and your reputation is only what people think of you
I don't want to feel alone, sometimes I wish I had a boyfriend to hug and talk to!
I WILL STEAL YOU AND PRETEND YOU ARE 18
Packers schedule: Seriously tough games right out of the box.
our Batterman Ensemble is competing in the 2012 Charles Mingus High School Jazz Competition in NYC this weekend ♫ best of luck to them!
im trynna...im bout ta fux these simple minded niggaz up....RNS
I completely agree- #LinkedIn is such a useful tool that so many of us forget! Thanks for the tips!
that's about to change on Thursday :) miss you!!
if I'm tweeting less today, I'm saving my voice for tomorrow!!
I never got your survey. What gives?
Just ordered Walking on Water book on Amazon. Hope it will give me inspirations for
burn yourself/ to become dust/ to reach cool wind/ above human masonry
I know you're better than average.
Right before the 4th quarter!
really liking the twitter on my schools computer, it looks better on here then the twitter app on my phone!
What's worse than being #hungover in class?! NOTHING. RT for a free sample of Closing Time Hangover Supplement!
Is only 1 hour away!!!!! Were breathing the same air!!!! :D
Something has been amiss with #Facebook for hours.
I wanna see and U2 on an arena tour together. Seriously amazed to have music this good coming out of South FL. Check them out!
What you know about that? LOL..I thought you were a way up Northerner, lol
Whoa! just blew my mind!
Get 20% off on your first cleaning appointment :D
Congrats to on your season! can't to watch again in the fall!
Lol & my sister was going to get me Sonic since I am deprived and she is nice and some woman hit her car.
I thank God everyday that I still have my big brother! This was a tough year for him, but he pulled threw it! He's my #HERO love him <33 
Woke up quick, at about noon; just thought that i had to be in compton soon.
I love my dickinson swim fam, but softball is SO much more fun .
Cutler is a big douchebag
We can hurry this AA thing up..
RT Great 40-minute power nap in the Now back to work! <--The library is here for you! Good luck with work!
Ugh I don't even want to watch anymore!!
Aw, feel excited! It's prom! Haha. Hope you have a fun time today!
Can we stop having Wars on.. Terror, Drugs, Women, and now Moms oy vey! Over them all Hate BS political stunts designed to incite the masses
You know what would be a fascinating ethnography - contingent labor in political campaigns.
19 goals so far in the Premier League
Just wanted to say how much i love voice <3
hope you are having a Rockin Tuesday! Thx for your great support!
Well Bell's salary was cut so same thing, lol.
Watching TRUE GRIT before my show!
Yes!! You cracked me the hell up. And you are the KING of cheap pops!
#Nonprofit organizations who think in small terms end up getting what they ask donors for, which is very little.
Frank Gross! From Seattle USA Take a listen to my music. www.mevsmyself.net
Shame on me if you fool me once. Shame on me if you fool me twice. You've been a really hard case to crack, should have known better but...
So excited! I weigh myself 1-2X/wk. New update 2 share: lost another 3 pounds!! Total= 33# - Gone!! Means 13# since starting V3!! LOVE! :D
I want to meet you
I think my sister had to put that on the application for her certificate for solemnization. I wonder if they have to match...
get ready for video of me singing So Sick by Ne Yo ! getting posted on YouTube right now !
Fairbanks very popular with trumpeter swans! Saw some in the Chena! BTW: Auto-correct? Stop trying to turn "Chena" into "Chernobyl."
Great catching up. Chat soon!
Nice shoes just like Hermes handbags r nice but spending 200 4 sneakers & 12 grand 4 a handbag means ur priorties r wrong
you did great!
hahaha! So cute!!
i love watching all the guys during half time. #CharlesBarkley is so funny
SO TRUE! RT : Friends are those rare people who ask how we are & then wait to hear the answer ~ Ed Cunningham
when I joined twitter only had 4,000,000 followers and now he's almost going to 22,000,000 ;o <333
Yea we're super heroes they love us
To be in the Shottas TV Series
which speed scarf are rocking at nationals?
How is Martha Stewart single? I would marry her & I am pretty sure my husband would understand!
We are a month away from our major relaunch. Expect a blog post soon on what the new Socialistr is all about - and how we compare to Google+
I know this is random but we need all the help we can get! Back and/or tweet about it plz! :D
listening to Tamia " So Into You" is such an awesome song!!!! Bringing back some feel good memories this afternoon!
this is so cool! Thanks for sharing!
well, I already let them watch Alien...
i travels , i dont like to sit in one place at all .. this is what i do :)
I am so happy about summer beer.
"chicks dig me"
Absolutely enjoy it! I'm having problems with acceptance of Section 508! They're looking for loopholes! but you give me hope!
Congrats SEGD on a fascinating Design of Location Conference yesterday. Happy to have been part of it
'Man becomes what he thinks about.'
Wash: "If my players execute, the chess matches take care of themselves." Throwing people under the bus starts with the manager!
Last week we mentioned Camera Bag which lets you apply awesome effects to the photos you take with your iPhone
THANKS YOU!!!
As long as I don't get vicious gas I'm game....
good night dorkus .... rest well
got your undawareness on today? we've sold them around the world. where are you located?
What's your favorite Twitter client? I just started using Hootsuite after many months with Tweetie and am liking it.
Are you a thief because you just stole my heart;)
Can I get a follow? I want to DM you. Great news re: the summer conference:)
there was a full alert at the fence when a stray dog approached. scraps came charging on 3 wheels. they respected the commitment.
Holy shaatt BRAD is in like one week
Enjoy the heat and sunshine while it lasts.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE? **
With Panetta, GSA, and Secret Service you can't trust the government with your money
planning things out for upcoming shows
To each his own!
#askselena which song is your favourite?
I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it.
The Ratchet. The Ratchet Monster. Born This Ratchet.
I used to go to school at Anna Maria college in Paxton Ma outside of worcester, now I'm near Andover Ma
Opportunities can be "manufactured." You don't have to wait for fate
Hell if I know. I'm old.
Looking for someone in #Chicago who is available for an indexing project. It will be for 4 days only to start in the next couple of weeks, …
": 'unignorable' could be ignorable, unknowable, inexorable, incurable, inexorably or unconquerable."
RT : is next week May 1-2 ILC is providing the lighting and will be there. Let 'em know if you'll be too!
Lunch today Park Avenue for
Why did I just get preached to about UK basketball? I hate RATarded people! INSIGHT doesnt make the schedule!!!
So Tim Thomas is a teabagger now?
I want to sew even more now that my good sewing machine is broken. Guess I'll have to give my Singer a try.
They hire the lowest of the low at this zoo to be keepers: DeJesus, Mike, Sharon, Alex, Hudson.
All's good, had already dropped at daycare. Jerk passed me on right (parking area) + nearly forced me into traffic on my left
We are #Vegas bound! Heading to the desert for the amazing #remaxR4 conference.
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!♡13
Ppl who are the greatest or best at what they do.... Knew it from day one and won't except anything less than the Best...
it was great! Provided great insight on imp of materials based approaches for understanding transatlantic histories of objects.
The Golden Girls getting their own Barbie's.... That's pretty awesome.
“: A high percentage of my #BostonianBradyBabes are married”
Damn I hate how plane tickets cost way more now to fly out anywhere. Guess I got to reconsider on taking a greyhound 2 Spokane next week Smh
My health insurance premiums went up another 2% this year. Blargh.
when something offline is forced online, eg previous tweets, we blame the violators. when online data is spread online, we blame the victims
Flowers remind me that a gentle love still exists.
“: don't need a let down tonight we have to take care of business tonight.”<~~smdh
Heartbreaking that #Fringe is getting worse and worse til the end. Sigh.
Settling in for
Are there any tributes to Adam Yauch still happening in NYC? Info please, if you know of any.
There are no Learning TECHniques classes over #UWM Spring Break, but this is our #300thTweet. Yay!
We will be communicating all members through our new email and if you signed up on ur contact list for org fair you will be added to it now.
Dallas has just stopped making shot in the fourth...
Who's trying to go to country night tomorrow? I'm tryna get creepy
Thats why we create so much. The city is a survivor too. And unpredictable. And gorgeous, nothing else compares.
U17 semifinal MEX v Germany. 3-2 Mexicans advance. What a match!!! Catch the replay. That means you Coach Bob.
no shit huh??? Fn idiot! Still love him tho...
You didn't know this before, but I grew to like you and viewed you as a friend I could talk to if I needed to.
A2: Don't think Eli was marketable nationally yet. Now stepping up with bro on sidelines - will be more recognizable
Finally made a print of that I'm happy with. Only 1 more to finish & hang before 6pm open of Muse
I really enjoy talking on the phone with a recruit who gets it. Great kids make that aspect of this profession much more enjoyable.
video is stupid dope doggy
NCConstitution I.36 The enumeration of rights in this Article shall not be construed to impair or deny others retained by the people
We get more page views now.
No game for me today 
genesis bitches!
Im Spottin Out My Haters, But Now Im Losing Friends...
deal! Cause then I get to see you
Ready to go home ugh!
Frank Catalanotto, the Cat, is now following me on Twitter. That was a fun email to read.
thx for the love ystrday. Archaeologists represent!
WorldCat Local makes resources outside your library more accessible than other discovery layers.
Worse than that it forces society to accept the lowest common denominator...destroys culture, values, and rewards mediocrity!
yup. :-) Have a good nite guys!
Didn't know VIP at the zoo actually existed. But I can't lie, it's a pretty nice setup
85k at 8-1600, lost a cpl pots and folded a pair and flush draw hand on turn when there was heavy action.
Let's stop #Kony now!
I am never letting plan a weekend in Indianapolis ever again. I want Winterfest!
I'll be at work, maybe tomorrow evening? You do realize I'm 33 right? LOL
V interesting presentation of library dashboard tool for monitoring IT services in real time.
Wait... Exception...
cos u r cold vampire:)
Sprained my ankle, because of my "hardcore makeout session" from yesterday. Lmfao, yes it indeed was intense. Like very much.
Shoot one to to join the mailing list and get great deals everyday!
please follow me so I can snd u a message, thanx!
please be careful CC!!!
have fun at work today! Lol
welcome to twitter! this will go to the whole world but will also come directly to me (your other followers can see this)
hey! cheek us out. we're kinda new to Vegas, from Florida. we're a legit band taking it really serious. I hope you like it! :)
Happy President's Day everyone;D Hope you enjoy the day-off.
The one possible positive I could find from today will be a #Cubs win.
Jagimo is currently experiencing technical difficulties. We're working on it. Sorry!
Great seeing you last night at the Rumble ! You got an amazing pop from the fans !! As you should !!!
I haven't missed one in 13 years...I'm gong to try and go on my own.
#irallstars. Billings: IR includes suppl material that didn't fit in the University Press's print monographs.
Kelly did a great job!!!
I hate Mosquitos
aka make em the same thing!!
IDK...ONE DAY....WELL MY SIS MITE GO OVER THERE for her birthday 14 turning 15 and she is only by her self : '(
Sleepy cake time :-[
Ciroc better than Grey Goose?
I've reserved what's left of my compassion for myself. Sheer agony ;)
10. When you buy Someday, tell everyone who tries to touch it, "IT'S MINE. I BOUGHT IT."
I have the best band mates.
say exactly what you want in life. n you'll have it
Oh muuuh gawwww, look how cute he is! He looks... alert! Phone has a nice clear cam btw!
Mari so irritating; this boy get geeked every time I fast forward the tv; lol
"Your Trusted Converting Partners for Over 25 Years!"
We have some exciting things going on at EA- check out it's brand new, and awesome!
I used the recipe you posted, which calls for equal parts juice and rum. o_O Needs more club soda…
Ok yall sorry i didnt do my blog today wasnt feeling to good but i see this #Magic and #Heat game aint going good lol......
Wow, it is. Thanks so much for the invite. I'm exploring it right now... :) It looks terrific!
Best served cold at Angelfire Saturday!!! $40 entry includes lift ticket. Come out and compete!!!
Giving isn't the same as paying taxes
Instagram Co-Founder, Steve Jobs's Widow Among State of the Union Guests -
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions I would buy VIP to #BTR concert and also concerts. Luv , &
And "Horizon is a public school as a matter of Arizona law" p.78
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and maybe Prince Charming just doesn't like whiny bitches?
Looking for a new networking group to visit? Join me tomorrow 3/13 for the DreamTeam Mastermind in Richardson. Hear from 3 experts on Strat…
I promote wellness within my home&community. Have you heard of Le'vive+Body Magic=a successful way to promote the way you look&Feel within.
You'll have to come visit our new office sometime!
oh wow u finally joined the cult lol
An old friend will help you move. A good friend will help you move a dead body. - Jim Hayes
Going to express some of my artistic ability.. wish me luck haha
Happy New Years Eve everyone!!
A creative home for jewelry artists. Meet our exceptional designers and view their collections.
good luck tomorrow at state, boys! you're all gonna do great! :D
thats a great point. Not sure I am experience anxiety... but now that you say it like that I will try to pay more attention
So happy my show victorious won!!!! Proud as ever love u!!!! :* <3
Whitney RIP
haha i know! i like that they were all like "lets just cram all the scary things that happen to people into one episode"
No hangova and im up already ...!.
Fortunately I'm VERY lazy...otherwise, we'd be bankrupt! ;)
Not for his hoodie?
LOL that is funny! Looking forward to working with you.
Need teams + sponsors for Nick Lynch holiday tournament Dec 27-28 at Douglass hs
Even the mentor that hurts your feelings will teach you something if you keep an open mind. Ken Dunn
so much procrastination left to do...but did get client's quilt label embroidered and figured out pay pal invoice-surely bed should follow
Ice!!!! We don't know nobody?! Courtesy of Henessy XO- Black (smiles).
Cellular device is most likely going to die soon. D;
You're a close second to Casey B.
“: Going to the gym in a little with jordy poo, uncle eric, and pootie #excited" yeeeaaahhhh! (;
I like even more after seeing his emotions fly. Not often you see other Tour Players come out to congratulate a champ like that
No way! RT : took you guys to the wrong game. Bombers beat the only undefeated team in the league tonight!!!
Thanks, Ally. Glad you enjoyed your visit to our dealership. We look forward to seeing you again!
Beer Year, now we are talking. I like your style!
Hoping you and yours has an Amazing 2012!
OMG this movie is killin me.... BET be doin the most... its #Trois2 yall smdh
I need this money to switch hands
not referring to anything specific. Just life
Federal Agents Raid South Baltimore Flea Market &amp; Seize Counterfeit Goods - CBS Local
Dodgers sweep Nats!!! “: I am and will always be a #Yankees fan but I have to admit I'm warming up to the #Nats. You can thank
Apple needs to make a camera..
I followed you! Follow back?? ♥Bretana♥
New high school reading standards have redefined success away from literary reading toward technical competence.
Please support Great fundraiser Tuesday night. Details at www.namelesssound.org
!!!!!!!!!!! RT Im a very happy person, unless you're on my shit list && that sucks for you.
Your life, because of who you are, has meaning
Yes it is!! =D RT : what is that i hear?? New merch from sometime soon??? :DD www.hyebyheclothing.com
Awesome. I'm good for now thanks for the offer!
Fish w/ bacon + risotto. Sauteed baby bok choi. Salad greens w/ homemade vinaigrette. Damn, I should have picked up some foie.
Next to , NBA All-Star Weekend biggest brand winner: Beats by Dre. Every fan under 18 had pair (& Lil Wayne courtside).
Well, that certainly would not make me a happy camper.
Bcuz AZ, NM, TX is Mexico?? She's the perfect example of why we need to study AMERICAN history which btw includes the SW
You got water on my bed. We can't be friends.
“You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take" Wayne Gretzy
sorry to miss you--stop by the PVLA office next time and we'll introduce you to the legal services crew.
I sometimes wonder how people don't realize how obnoxious they are when talking on their bluetooth headsets.
OH SHIT SO THEY FINALLY GOT A TOUCHDOWN IN THE FINAL QUARTER WE STILL WON STOP TRYING LMAO Y'ALL FUNNY AS HELL
no they have not moved (yet) I am working between Ireland & San Francisco for now
Come on May! Get here:( already
i'm crying right now because i love yes, deep down i have emotion and i'm a sissy.
E-Tee-Moo-Kla(Peace) Moe! My name is Kofi and am a member of the Yamassee Muskogee Nation. I was wondering if this is an
I'm jealous!
hybrid vigor!
Catching up on my ustreams. Checking this one from Dec. 9 to be exact
Every #soccer team has'em. THE JOGGER: Regardless of score or stage of match, this player never changes speed.
#np 'I'm not going anywhere' Nika and Rory
Our music video is going to make you laugh till you wet yourself!!!! It's up next Thursday!!
We usually think of what was taken from us, more than what was given to us..
Thanks for the RT, Eric
Wtf my boyfriend go make me mad 
just a lil paint knocked off.
I LOVE it! Too funny.
thanks for the shout out ms. courtney! hope you and your foodie friends are ready for some stellar craft beer nov. 5!
Espresso at this time of night? Well, that software ain't gonna write itself.
he saw you. he met you. he wanted you. he liked you. he chased you. he got you. he had you. he loved you. he got bored. he left.
Happy Birthday Bert!
do u ever get ur gurl high?
#IReallyWant , and I to live together :D
& he will kill you *winks* .
Same here! My BFFs for life ! ;)
Can Jeremy tell his brother i said hi.
Yo times square
looking for a westside rideshare this evening from downtown. don't want to pull the motorbike out in the cold n wet. anybody..bueller?
Love them!
not a great piece of theatre, nor great staging or interpretation of history, but i still really liked it: story and message
Mainland here we come!
Rarity it is then! :)
hey desk job, get up and dance!
Well, , it's well past "before 10:30 AM", so can I leave my house now? I assume you'll be wanting that signature as soon as I go?
If anyone wants to make a viral video, let me know.
That bump by Rondo was intentional.
": I had another dream about another one of my followers dying. 😥 what is wrong with me?"// You are the Angel of Death....
....those who don't believe in magic will never find it...
our guys are too good for this pitcher. go #dodgers go!
Lord Dunmore promised freedom if they were willing fight against the Virginia militia.
At least 2 things changed today, 1 for the better, 1 for the worse. Neither really matters unless you fail to understand leverage.
heck I drive or take a cab every where. I am not so good with the CTA
Thanks so much!! Working hard to get my music out there, so I really appreciate it!
I sent it to you directly...I'm sorry maybe if you log out and log in back again..
he's been doing them for at least a week now ...
Our new store in Edgewood is officially open for business. Our Grand Opening party continues Aug 13 & 14 w/ food, drink & prize drawings.
A public vote will decide which five mobile dental clinics will split $100,000 to help grow and support programs that offer critical,...
Thanks ! We think so, too. We're excited to bring it kids all around the country.
Have a great trip. It's a lovely drive (or maybe hike/bike?).
Just remember who was there for you ..
OK MEMPHIS.BETTER REEDEEM URSELVES TONIGHT.
11-1. Bake-off and Bake Sale in Sociology (Turlington, 3rd floor). All proceeds to Kids Cafe! A Kindle and Keurig will be raffled. Join us!
Yes, of course!
Getting breakfast and doing my day right!
I'm sorry MBC but you are making me want to kill myself with this thing dragging on and on!
you make me sweat when you smile :)
Party At My House Hit Me Up. Midnight Mingle.
3680 words later, taking a break. Phew! Going to buy "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" to re-read. My style is a bit similar to Chbosky's.
Shoot when u see me that all I gotta say shot fired like dlo said we ain't fonkin ova a hoe u just fuckin up a rude nigga $$!
where do you play?
but what if he says "yes. In fact here are some VIP passes for you" :)
Reading a book, but I don't even know where it's about HAPPY BIRTHDAY to everyone who is celebrating his B-Day. Be strong, be loud, be proud
Every girl I've ever met at The Chug was a waste of time.
Lol, Yeah I was into those too, who wasnt?!#
Early Info Lit: solutions to probs can be aided by info, knowledge of info sources available is necessary for literacy (1970s def)
This is one totally fucked up movie
This stinks! RT “: IU and Kentucky will not play each other in basketball in the 2012-13 season, Indiana announced today.”
No! Who does that?! You have the busiest workplace, lol
Press Conference: Sen. Udall's message to NM visitors: New Mexico is open for business and most of the state is doing fine.
RT : break down ALL the #SuperBowl events in #indy and you find it takes an entire notebook.This city will rock for 2 weeks!
I'm@ Stuart Cellars in Temecula with Shakespeare in the Vines (Hamlet) ...running all month of July....
see what i said
Working in progress .
Speak louder! Throw the first punch.
I never iron my clothes. Ever.
Special guest posts by Join us at #Juice4Holiday at 9EST
is 5 minutes away from my house.
Today is my birthday! Please Please Please wish me a happy birthday and follow me! It would mean so much. <3
Thanks for the follow bro You got some sick beats and stellar music man Really dug John West Lovely You got talent Best wishes
I want to go to there! “: Mr. has arranged a wonderful evening for friends, and me...”
I cant wait to go to newyork...yh bby...
Mad Men Season 1: completed. Now who wants a scotch and a cigarette?
Horray! Enjoy the snowy northeast!
I like mayday parade, one direction, all time low. Anything that really isn't too mainstream. Bands like those ^^
Everything else is just sprinkles on the sundae
A little Christmas Vacation to wrap up a lovely weekend of baking and celebrating with family and neighbors. Sugar cookies + cupcakes, m.
Honestly I don't think why you did was right, but I don't hate you, And I don't think you deserve the hate that ur getting.
I'm reading two books right now, one paper and the other on the Kindle. I'll have to see if I feel a difference!
I did vote for Doug La Follette in right field for the AL, though.
I would love to chat with ya'll but Baseball is looking fine today. Especially when its in your backyard.
The shows I miss that so raven proud family all that the amanda show kim possible I swear these shows were the shit.:)
Best.quote.ever.!
Firewall problem? Wu-huh?
I wish I could make tots appear merely by force of will
Thanks man only a packer fan would appreciate this
With a butt like a Buick where does get off telling us how to eat? What next How to smoke weed Willie Nelson?
I would normally say how dare you but instead will be doing the same soon.
Your position/ title at some level, matters. But, at the end of the day, what truly matters is results. Success is measured in results. If…
Nat Burton~ Therell be bluebirds over the white cliffs of Dover Tomorrow just you wait and see.
I am so completely over this head cold and the lack of sleep it brings. I really just want to sleep!
Lol! so what are you doing!
Lil bro is going to make the right decision for him!
I see hockey tweets - never got into it. Always wanted 2 go 2 a Thrashers game while they were here & couldnt get hubby to go.
JPS Dictionary word of the week: Chazerai- anything of little value; cheap, worthless trinkets; junk.
good look RT ": I don't drink or smoke."
Texas primaries scheduled for April 3...everyone needs to vote. As long as its for Ron Paul, otherwise u might as well vote for Obama in Nov
my mom just "touched" my iPad... And say "I really like it! I want one." I immediately thought of u. ;)
Happy #RebeccaBlack day!!! It should be celebrated with $1 #drinks from
lol right. Smh we need to xclose are eyes and count sheep.. lol im not tires though
This Wake Up ad campaign by RIM is really the most awful marketing... get Apple users to convert by offending them?
#ElementrySchoolMemories playing hand games !
. You're right about Marketo's acquisition of Crowd Factory & disabusing them of claims to birthing Social Mktg. Automation.
Cool. Thanks!
Why does Samsung think we want to carry around a super advanced giant Zack Morris phone?
I like how my,phone automatically knows LLN
I want in on Mock Fantasy Draft! Btw Congrats on your son!
There's nothing left for us here.
wtf man, I can't afford to lose followers on Tumblr, I'm already a total loser on there.
Just making sure I have the facts. Journal 1 is due monday?
It's true. I said it. “: "Can you tell me what toys you guys have in your mighty kids meal?" #McDs”
Tweet us your Pinkberry Magazine and Mandeville sidewalk chalk artwork! You could win a Pinkberry party!
That's how you do it!
I wish I had my own office. Productivity would spew from the walls #toomanydistractions #whatwasijustthinking?
Andy Rooney: Don't rule out working with your hands. It does not preclude using your head.
Los Psychosis at 2:15. Trinity United Methodist 4001 Speedway,
who that?
post retirement nicknames for #shaq lets hear em....
'cause you're there!
Rest in peace Junior Seau. So young!
watched the AMAs.few notes, shakira u r not beyonce, jay z u r not sinatra. lady gaa looks lke a blonde anne frank on crack, plz go hide too
Our Winter Sale 25% off Websites - eepurl.com/hUHv6
“: was so helpful. I will have the team ready by next week cc ” [glad to hear it!]
I'm following everyone that follow mee guys:)
Dumb and Dumber snowball scene is G.O.A.T. #FunniestMovieScenes !!!
only 35 more days guys.
An honor flight of #WWII vets just arrived at DCA. Crowd at arrivals broke into spontaneous applause. Sniffle.
It's snowing!! (: And I'm up wayy too late.
Breathing a sigh of relief that Astrid is okay...
Was in the middle of working when boss lady bolted into my office to tell me stop working on the Nike project. Well fucksakes.
I applaud that she's showing everyone that she's a real person and that fame isn't as glam as most think it is.
agreed, I know its such a strict standard, but there are ways balance the first amendment with the rights of the soldiers.
I put unneeded toys in a pile, so when I see u it's doggy style
You of course, will have your signature top hat, yes?
Texting once dialogue is open is sometimes OK. However, I still maintain that my cell is personal.
Fire drill at work means earbuds playing music and over-ear closed cans
Crazy. Terrible news RT : RT : BREAKING: Seven dead, three injured in Oakland Christian university shooting -AB
Haha, ok, I'll try to tweet more from it, then. Lol
When we don't say goodnight <
Me, too. So cool! RT : Wearing sunglasses, and snow on my car. I love it!
DAMNN! stephen what the hell am i suppose to do--our group is all coming later than me blahh!! ---We going to chill bro
did that start up tonight? i want to watch it. need to set my dvr
8:26 am.. is finally callin it a nite on this mix.. Be at Vinyl THIS Saturday night.. Gonna be a killer show!
i am looking for some good afro-pop. any suggestions?
If that ever happens to me, I'm sure you'll be that friend for me.
Emergence of K.Love as arguably the most complete PF this season has illuminated Blakes' room to improve. But there's nuance that's missed.
i'm an old ass man. probably good i got out while i could. i can't keep up with this pace.
I do appreciate it, I appreciate everything
sign language we dnt talk at all
nice shit bro
Your Say: Church the scapegoat - Herald Sun
At Zona Latin Nightclub w/ getting ready to wreck da stage
Only 2 more days until Saturday Remix! #Follow Nothing is Impossible with God!
SAT word of the day: jubilant - (adj.) extremely joyful, happy.
is one hungry motherfucker!
ugh at least get cooler looking ones
Have a wonderful week. Almost half way through it.
Aaliyah has always been my idol....especially in dance!
What do you do to beat the Winter Blahs? The story's on Portland's Afternoon News on KXL
Have some great talent looking for a 4 star agency to take them on
physics project done in 15 min. Bringing back that #IEDswag Wednesday!
Watching a play about the Lincoln-Douglas debates makes me miss Camp JTF bad!
your globe just arrived at Source. Ask the Twitterverse and they will answer.
Praying for those in isolation to be brought into fellowship www.organicchurchtoday.com
I can't believe and are already asleep.
Friday the 26th is twice as unlucky as Friday the 13th.
...roll me up one, roll me up one, i need it for the road!
Number 1 Rule Before Bed:Pray 🙏
I had a dream I was drowning in Orange soda. I woke up to realize its was only a fanta sea. I was crushed.
I am afraid you are right about Vilma. I see Ed Reed wants a new contract.
I know the feeling... :\
Getting ready to present at Interaction09 @ Taylor Institute for Direct Marketing Aaron OH
In PD eating dinner now!
zero class, zero style, zero street savvy, zero intelligence and whom I can buy and sell with my petty cash box.
What desserts are you seeing at your holiday parties this year??
You do realize being honored by the Hall of Fame is perceived by virtually everyone as being a epic cool thing?
OK Avon people- who's wearing their classy Christmas sweater on Friday? I'm ready.
-Furness High School ,
Salad, spaghetti & seltzer. Writing, relaxing & keeping it easy
Hooked on HGTV...and now hooked on food network! Destined to be a
thank you(:
In Monroe Hall for a talk by Sen. Mark Warner at
Excited for a stimulating day at
Giving away DMB tickets tonight at JD Oxfords at 8pm. There are going to be a lot of birckenstocks in attendance.
Cam Newton is probably my favorite football player ever
Teachers call it cheating, but we call it teamwork. :)
Ask for forgiveness not permission. But, this is a meaningless bromide you always forgive or never forgive.
totally understand what rachel zoe is saying about delivering her baby. super scary!!!
#ThingsMenShouldntTextEachOther Pictures of their penis.
#amywinehouse - RIP. CLICK ME FOR VALUABLE WEBSITES ON HOW TO EARN FREE CASH!
No. Vanessa Macias. RT : Is Natalie Tejeda doing this PA??
Waking up and then lying in bed for 45 min. M... the best ever.
R.I.P. to my first celebrity crush ever, Whitney Houston. Will hear your voice again in Heaven.
HANDS UP!!! PRAISE JESUS! AMEN! I LOVE JESUS!!..
Does #google really filter the news? test found there's far more filtering going on than thought. owl.li/6jWY8
awww babe! This is exactly how I feel right now! :(... I am having a bad day.
WWOS is dedicated to bringing you the latest on the Michael Vick saga!!
You are all beautiful : in your own indivisual ways
I think that's my favorite dream tweet ever.
So i'm starting my no alcohol,no carbs AT ALL diet. Only apples when im hungry & carrot w/cucumber juice diet. For the film.
It was great to finally get a chance to talk with you!
Feeling so ill today but luckily listening to and watching their music videos makes me feel a bit better ❤☺
I've noticed a lot of my FB friends are changing their profile pics. I just want you to know that you're all going to get smoked come Friday
LETS GET IT!
Got jokes huh?? I got him on my radar tho. He ain't gonna be retired long. He be back by week 4.
we'll see what I think come summer tho...
Had an awesome service at TRGM today.
Why come? To get latest info & policy changes to the country's #transportation & #infrastructure system based on results of the 2010
Its about to be
Ask me questions!! I'll answer the for #HonestyNight :) it can be anything
Will try moving monitors/PC so that my back isn't to people. That or I'm ripping down cubicle wall extensions before I have a heart attack.
I'm in a tweety mood.
To be nicknamed Caballo Blanco, lead an extraordinary life & have your body carried away from your resting place by a white horse is poetry.
Motörhead's "Ace of Spades" on piano in the #Lemmy documentary. Classic!
Sunday fucking drivers
Finally out school
I seriously can't wait! I'm making the fb event for your party TONIGHT so start thinking of people
I need to buy a new suit, too, after I lose some weight. :-)
Forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next!
Daily Special, Mon 04/09/12 - Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
On the way to work 2day : Saw two squirrels copulating in someone's lawn. That was different.
Clear the freeway please, I'm coming thru. Snap, snap.
I have to admit idk any off these dudes drafted besides the qbs
belated thanks for the #FF!
Only 1 more day of classes at ... then #UDgrad11 !!! We will really miss all of our loyal customers that are graduating.
Is it just me or is Joshua's white cowl neck sweater a bit distracting?
We get so busy tending other people's backyard that we forget how messy our yards are.
Commission takes ten minute break. Will resume line drawing at that time.
Do me a favor! and go like on facebook. just search In Audika
I'm NOT a fan of #NCState but #KarlHess and refs on ego trips> fired / retired. Tossing fans because of comments? Bad Ref'ing = BAD Ref'ing
I'm not sure how much more metro disaster I can take. RT Another Metro red line tragedy causes havoc for the afternoon commute.
Lots of people at the Norfolk/Florida game, wonder why
hey , thanks for the follow!
please save me!
#thatcamp #ncph2012 stickers are now available at the #chnm stand in front of 202A. Available for all attendees!
Hitting the beach one last time before we head home!
Invite only am I right?
Just realized there is one more weekend at home and then I have no at home weekends for the rest of... 2010 pretty much.
I think they ship internationally.
Sorry folks, our website will be down for a little bit...Hang tight!
RT : It is not warm.
Still gotta serve 8 yrs. #krushedyourcool ": Aww man Boosie not guilty? Yea"
Let's send our unwanted foodstuffs that we bought unwittingly realizing it contains GMOs, and mail it to Monsanto with a GMO label on it!!:)
DONE can i have a shoutout :)?
SHOUTOUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS.. THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH. I REALLY APPRECIATE IT. I FOLLOW BACK... JUST SEND ME A MESSAGE. HAPPY EASTER
iPod Nano watch??? Such a great idea!
your Facebook overdosed doing cocaine with Charlie sheen
You all are the best! 300 Followers!!!
Today has been pointless.
I miss football...don't u?? Lol Can't wait for next year! Ugh
3rd floor cold, 2nd floor hot as fuck, 1st floor average. Its uncomfortably hot
Real steel is a great movie...we rented it a couple nights ago.
Developers are also using APIs to innovate on ways to visualize data
I hate having a uterus >:|
got u!
Epic Shepherds Pie :-)
Love it when you talk that talk to me..
Almon hits a fly ball to left. Oglivie is there! He's GOT IT and the Brewers win a tight one!
I think Design Taxi posts the worst "design" ever. I stopped following the blog a long time ago. Instagram "real" camera??
Isn't a little early to be cranking the AC? I'm on Metro #feezingcar #4042 haded to Shady Grove.
Illegal to sell, you can have any of my beer whenever you want. That beer was terrible & almost gone, you can have the rest.
Soccer game tonight!!
Thank goodness for such a beautiful day! Come to the Avenue and drop by for one of our delicious burgers!
The difference is Zville is already the highest on the North side. They chased away commercial for a lot of years
Hey It's Whalers!
Bummer. Don't worry, I am sure its not to bad. Let me know if I can help.
you suck foo
Oh No. I confess that I have done this before. Very painful. Sometimes you gotta know when to shut 'er down...and go see a movie!
Just chatted about journalism & storytelling to Careers class at SDHS. Smart Q's & great kids. Inspiring for me too!
[sigh] I just won't give up that easily...and wouldn't enjoy watching if I did...
Twitter can be absurd, but at the same time it can be fun and often it can be useful.
Just figured out I can use the iPhone to do ustream, so I'm going to go live in about 20 minutes. Stay tuned please
Congrats to for winning FeBROary
Word play
sometimes catching up on email is a full time job
We're at the /Toronto Raptors game tonight... in separate sections. There's like 450 people here. Way to
Gotta hit up MilkBoy today for their coffee.
I am loving #Spreecast these days. It's a great way to broadcast live & integrates into Social Media.
all the strength I have, comes from you.
If you leave voicemails you're a faggot
haha yeah that's probably a bad sign....
#IReallyMiss my Daddy.he was the greatest man alive. R.I.P Daddy.i love you and i know you would be proud of the strong woman i have become.
He laughs LOL
Creighton plays at 12:40 on Friday, which means that I need to start begging to get off work on Friday afternoon!
Out with the my boys
Thanks for the #FF honorable mention! That was quite some company to keep. :-D
hopes everyone has a great thanksgiving break! If you have any questions feel free to leave them here! Happy Thanksgiving! :)
TRUTH! re: Don't over-analyze things. You'll end up creating a problem that never existed.
HA I was wrong I thought it would be LIRR they are notorious!
why are u trying to be an asshole..good guys may win slowly but u will have real people who care in the LONG run #GOODgirl advice
Yes! RT Mistake America
that was a good pick
Lol...oops...I meant, happy wednesday!
Northern cal is much no nicer than So cal. I am native californian now in
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEMI! :) have a great day and know that all your fans love you to death!
Really talking shit knowing ima be the first one to save his ass. Smh. lol.
don't have many friends
gonna try to do the same thing before dark tonight. our street is kinda glowy right now.
Just woke up from a nap and I feel dead
First half: Disappointing finishing, but encouraging on the possession.
You needaa stop, your annoying nobody wants to hear you complain about how much you hate So Thnx k bye.
At Eerfest In downtown Charleston! Come by and say hi if you are here. -cw
I only go on Facebook now to check out your amazing music and LIKE your pages because unlike many people, I wanna support YOU (;
what the hell does beez in the trap even mean?
started the day with an email that EOR just received a $1000 donation. We have amazing donors! That $ is going to do big things in Ethiopia
great morning to you!
Finally Got some rest today
i can tweet like no other. :)
Funny how you could hurt me every day and I'll still love you. Stupid or in love? i don't know.
Happy Thanksgiving Mark! Thank You for your Magnificence! I am truly blessed to know you. With Love (as always)
going for a run then relaxing all nigth : )
when he gets famous which I know he will
I just realized that it doesn't matter what I do, I can never make anyone happy.
WOW WHAT A FINISH!!!
Enjoy your weekend! You have earned it!
The only advantage of stress frozen yogurt eating... I think I've put on a lot of muscle. #WIN?
Does existence of DH center make other librarians complacent about developing DH skills? Good point!
You don’t need to know the details or how you are going to manifest what you want. Let your heart and the universe do the work.
If only I can get a follow or a tweet from :( I also adore her as much as I adore Colton.
I'm very happy to report that SALVAGE THE BONES has been scheduled for review at The New York Times Book Review!
Court hears Fitch cuts Nokia to seduce Le Pen voters Iran unlikely to junk, outlook negative.
Thanks Josh!
Fresh off work about to get CoCoLosoWasted!
beef? What about scrap?
“: waking up still a little tipsy from last night <<<” Hahahahaa u would ;)
Oh my Grande! Upload a video and sing it to us!!♡
but who are we kidding, no one votes in Baltimore!
: Yes. They DID.
I am addicted to tweeting
I miss you to LOVE :-)
What recreational sports/activities do you enjoy during summer? A softball league? Kayaking? Hiking? Frisbee golf? Something else?
I thinl kenny is lip singing
why am I awake? it's 4:15am
Take them. Pitchers always have the advantage... until they give it up.
My phone dies WAY too fast
B rose with
At Seatac, Vegas bound!
I had a bad thought. A storm front moves through tonight leaving only Lawrence, KS without power starting at around 8:23pm.
haha I'm with us there...it's so hard to break up w a feed though
call me 4127798323
If it doesn't kill you, it will make you a stronger person.
what do u like about it????
At doc with kimmy
Thank you!!!
Drake Juice Instrumental >>
p.s. agrees about clowney& carolina
We have a new Captain America. Kenny Vaccarro leaps tall buildings, sacks QB with a single bound. Now, do something offense.
you are beginning to sound suspiciously like
If little kids R waiting in freezing temps 4bus that came&left 2quickly people in charge need 2B more responsive not misleading
I'm doing inquiry in a modified way--but I'm also working with high school teachers who are trying it out. Thanks for reading it
#WordPress #Tools Admin Dropdown Menus – Streamline your crowded admin panel menus by turning them into dropdown menus.
Now I know it looks bleak for the Knicks & they probably won't win but I'm a loyal fan & I'm saying Let's Go Knicks until the final horn
It's Christmas Day & I feel your love. Your warm hugs envelop me from up above. Stay w/me this glorious day. Ride w/me in Santa's sleigh.
You have a network, though, and maybe somebody knows an IP lawyer willing to help.
Austins hair, omg.
If you haven't ordered your copy of #JulietAnUnpopular yet, you may well be the only one.
why do the establishment Romney people think that negative attacks trying to make people vote against newt is what we want?
ah yes cause he won the MVS award.. not MVP
That's right, #UK hangs National Championship banners!
Aye how you like me now? Mixtape coming soon hopefully done by end of december!
GOOD GOOD GOOD SUPER GOOD LUCK
THANKS DEE!!!
Participating in Wesleyan's "Do Good" day!
-_- who gives a rats ass about what people want or think. Be happy and have fuun YOLO haha
lucky, my school is just bad.
Today is my bday, but my thoughts are with the millions of men who were sexually abused as children. To them birthdays can be meaningless.
One lovely thing about #Twitter and social media--it encourages interaction, the spread of ideas. And that's a good thing.
It's always cumbia hour in Dallas.
I probably shouldn't have snoozed for the last 2 hours
It's a beautiful day. Oh that I were in Connecticut just for a day, just for a drive to the shore or through the hills.
what happened to Nolan Smith?
Is that Shaka in your picture??
I just took the Science SBA Test!!! I feel like a total loser): I was the last one to finish with like 5 min left out of the 3 hours we had.
Thanks for following!
thanks for tweeting about the project! :)
im so dumb! i couldaa had it! :(
Let's go racing boys!
At all times do I hate using a PC
Just seems like a random thing to host on a HTTP server, but your point is also valid.
update: waiting on just
Ebert's Greenhouse returns to the Westown Farmer's Market today! 10am-3pm, Zeidler Union Square!
Just talk yourself out and tear yourself down.
TEXT ME ASAP
S/o to the dumb mother fucker that called Valentina telling her I was "pregnant". Yep. Definitely. My baby's name is Laquandre. Holla.
- Could this be a sign of his joining Philadelphia Union as the Head Coach?!
Easy to stand out when niggas is clones.
happy about the tender offer? Broncos team and fans need u!
Woke up late :/ heading to school I have 3 before in late
boys are growing bigger every day! U still hairdressing? Maybe I'll come over for a cut : D
where did the weekend go it is like it just flew right by and i mist it
Good meeting you tonight man
Damn - do you know what's a good album? Chill in Brazil The Samba and Bossa Lounge. Off the hook.
Can't wait either!! We'll book tomorrow!
I bid you all a fair night
Wunderbar! RT : Dell to launch Solution Center in Frankfurt/Main enabling customers to prove next gen solutions
switching over to my work Twitter. Nice to see you tweeting w/ And it looks like I was already following you here.
its prolly snowing really good over there huh.
Been a long time but new phone so get ready for some lame tweets to fry your brain on
I'm hungry ^_^
we really do! Call the Manager Darryl please or email us your contact info
you'll get the hang of it... It's easy.
"start selling process." the method and the destination are both important.
Had a gggggrreaaaat day! n0w miSsInG my rUgRaT like cRaZy...!!...
First time I'm smelling burning sage down here. Haven't smelled a lick of weed yet.
radio contests are rigged
Yo mr. Prez. Help trend Bring1DtoB96? Niall loves you. & your daughters live one direction.
Let's Keep It Going
Yes! Putting this in my "ideas to pilfer" files.
Don't holla at me over Facebook or twitter then hid behind yo girl cuz I ain't afraid to hit her XP
You're all that I'd hoped I'd find, in every single way. And everything I would give, is everything you couldn't take.
WE have the WOW for EDU Reforms/Excellence in Undergraduate/K-12 Teaching. We combine learning styles of Socrates/Einstein/Newton.
#SongsIKnowOffByHeart appetite for destruction! Yeah I know, it's an album, you figure it out...
Thanks for the #FF!
awesome! Thanks!
I want some!
where would the world be with out an emotion like #LOVE?
That was extra mean of you to say...
Me: Let's watch a good movie together. Wife: We're watching this, it has Patrick Dempsey in it.
Was at the nail shop and this lady was talking about she worked at a nice job and she loved it Me: oh yeah where do u work Her: Alorica ..😳
I love the way you smile, it makes my day!
#runsinthefamily RT : How i beat my grandma for lunch is beyond me
My bed is so fucking soft right now. I love it
I started following him this morning!
Thank u Dr. Oz 4 ur information about apple juice. I want 2 B informed about all products sold N this country. Keep up the good work.
yeah me either.
Yarmis: Making a distinction between citation recommendation and an assignment.
Do you watch the conversation with on lifetime? It's such a smart and healthy(mentally) program. Be on it PLEASE:-)
the story is no longer linear #mw2012 #musesocial #lurker & what is it about cats?
Funny a few years ago pocket lint didnt even wanna hang...
Ima ace this test tomorrow ^_^
Hey sweetie I need you here tonight and I know you don't wanna be leaving I just feel complete when you're by my side❤
that's Awesome Cuz!!
Are you guys seriously arguing about ASTROLOGY?
yeah, don't you remember?
Today Is national wear red day. Be a rebel and wear purple
- Hope you can make it. We'll play that one for you. :) #pochoslive lospochos.com
Can't Wait ..I Got Some Things On My Mind!
Stop by this weekend to see our newest addition - lambing season has begun at Kline Creek Farm!
how do i put this...... the crematory next to our office building fucked up somehow. video will be up in about 2 hours
tempted to eat dinner now. Just printed tonight's specials #SXSW CHOP> raspbrry chipotle peppercorn pork chop & lobster tail
One of those days where you accidentally break up with someone on Facebook and the wolves come out like crazy.
try reeses chocolate pie :)
Is your internal programming taking you where you want to be? Do your foundational beliefs support you as you go after your dreams and goals
Babe's twitter is too dry for life so i'm takin' over tonight 😏
Im in the High Way To Hell
The battlefield is the mind. Be Blessed!
guys, you made me ink..
ok! no wonder drew loves her.. her whip whip double double is the TEA
Went to the gym. Got a good workout. Someone had their dog there, I got to sneezing and itching so bad - I had to leave. No comment...
Did you know that the Governor signed Del. O'Bannon's PE bill into law?! Learn more about this, and the Center's other legislative...
so when are we going
It's been pretty rough going, but I think I finally beat my crippling addiction to sobriety.
Just a obstacle to over come. Your free time will be valuable, choose who you spend it with wisely.
Panthers take Cam Newton i bet
RT : Ol dude E ain't no tougher than a Teletubbie/ what kinda nigga u know call HIS bitch hubbie????😂😂😂😂
Hello! ♡ Well. Here's my personal account but my other account is so follow both account up!!! ♔
I bet she wore them proudly yesterday! Nothing screams Cinco de Mayo like some Pumas
Yea buddy, I'm not gettin my ass wiped 2dae, yea bitch
I know right?? I saw that and was super glad I took it when they told me to.
I wonder if they're going to play some Petey Pablo for the #shirtoff event on ?
damnit! Party just ended...now at the Sackler
Cable is back.
Have you and ever collaborated on anything? Near-future prescription drug running between SEA and VAN?
Love your logo
hey speaking of that, did you ever see the Burn Notice movie about the fall of Sam Axe?
I'll DM it to you
#murphy for LA lakers is a bitch ctfu
I hate when sluts trick a good man n2 datin her...n then when he fall he find out she a hoe n fuk it up for nonsluts lookin for good men...
can somebody tell me what time the lakers play tonight plzz
We had such a blast last night. Thanks for hosting us and helping us collect some ideas.
Memphis Tennessee here i come!
* That Faithful Moment* When U realize Ur mentors & pillars of the community abuse their Power* ... <---- SMH
I've seen pictures and the turnouts are amazing. What is the atmosphere amongst the people? (hopeful, angry, etc.)
I am one out of a few that are alive. Follow me.
Thanks all!
WHERE WE'RE YOU TODAY!! I MISSED YOU </3
'Yourself or Someone Like You' by Matchbox Twenty continues to influence me as a musician, almost 16 yrs after I first bought it.
What's your favorite local coffee shop?
Looks like the MobileMe Sync menu item. Sys Pref->Mobile Me->Sync and uncheck show status.
It is my birthday!
or a hd w both - where are you tomorrow?
definitely the US one. The UK one was more linear and cinematic, but the US one was so much more intense and mysterious.
#1 what's ur favorite type of shoes? #2 what's ur favorite thing to do besides dance? #3 follow me? <3
agreed. on earth day this year i witnessed someone throw an entire McDonald's value meal out their car window while driving... grr
FOR WHAT FOR WHAT FOR WHAT **Peeta<3**
Fabulous, Harley got to Jasmine. Stay tuned as puppies will probably follow in three months.
Dear Hospital Recruiter, CFO, Supply Chain Manager, CNO, CMO, Practice Manager, Very Important Person Reading This...Do you ever hang up th…
We have over 20 years of personal experience treating customers to the finest luxury sedan transportation at reasonable cost! (248) 971-3100
USE YOUR WORDS DAMMIT
Being an E.Engineer,I'm clear on the formula thing. And like your scientist,who admitted "Recent G.W."know it takes little change.
Recycle for The Paramount event! Sat. July 17 8a-3p Bring all recyclables except tires, trash or furniture. Main St. to 12th St. pk lot
Nice luca ur head really hurts
how's the whole spread hate program working for you?
Not yet - was giving the wine a couple days to settle down. Will probably open one tonight or tomorrow. Looking forward to it!
Poland to impose border controls for Euro 2012
roman abromovich??? “: Hit me with some #doghouse candidates for the show. I know you have some!”
If you see something, say something. If you think a child has been abused, please call 1-800-25-ABUSE
Heart tattoo?? Isn't it a lot easier and safer to get one on your arm or leg?
CFM has apples, cheese, eggs, salsa, flowers, tomatoes, corn, it goes on and on.
Sometimes I get annoyed by the CONSTANT male company at my house. I want to slam my head into a wall. Repeatedly.
Congrats to Djokovic for his Wimbledon title!
Y'all, the brewery in St. Louis still operates. It's just owned by foreign bros.
little help please
my favorite song that you wrote is overboard i can relate to that song and i just ove the lyrics and the way u sing it
Keep the @'s coming Bugs! This is great! We truly want to hear what you want/where you need us!
Woo? Haha.... Seems cool!
the taxi driver we had last night just came to the door with my wallet. didn't notice it was gone. lololol im so smart.
Worse part of being sick is the total loss of any concept of time. It's 4:30 am and it feels like 3pm. more theraflu please.
and I hate you
Sipping iced mocha in deep contemplation, we are playing game of fate and it is now your move.
Garfunkel and Oates will be at Cobb's Comedy Club in San Francisco next Friday!
WAKE THE FUCK UP GIANTS!
The I talked to tonight said, "You're exactly the person I wanted to talk to!" Well played.
these bitches be bipolar
Feels good to be back on my routine again.
Thanks! I look forward to having you join us!
will Cats play in afternoon or evening game on Thurs?
last minute bands needed for slots on March 30th! **
Yup yup! Captain that's me! Lol : hahaa I never knew that was Captain Commando?! ;)
. garry passed away last night on a motorcycle accident... he didn't make it ;( look on my facebook wall
Was expecting to see you. What happened?
$180 last yr 4 a book never used. didn't buy back b/c of a new ed. the class is using it this yr.
Thanks for the follow, Brielle.
