new JADED song up on our facebook now! go under our BandPage and listen to "CLASSIC" hope you enjoy and spread the word if you like it!!!!!
Foul by Omar Arellano (Mexico).
mau mau mau ma ma mu mu mu m m m m m m pu pu pu p p p p literally what happened when I tryed to say mau a bunch of times.
What was the line on first score of the game being a safety? Wow
Great fun w/ good friends. Thx , , , kareemomary and others.
Happy #May1st! What's your #MayWish?
yeah it was good then I almost got a shirt but I'm gonna get something else insted
loolzz! Yes man
“: The NCAA is now working with select reporters to attack certain programs. New territory for NCAA. Disturbing.”anti cal? Smh
Yaaaay Tenn!!! Good job girl!! Ellen and 'all showed out👍🎉
That's handy.
Wonderful! Keep an eye on our social media and our website for updates in the mean time!
you are so cute.
Give me some Kool Aid.
Found your wife's blog via your website--you guys are both crazy talented!
Because of the holiday, our weekly meeting is tomorrow! Same time, same place.
The factor is the go between for the client and the customer who gives the client money and collects money that is due.
That groundhog is a liar
how is the organizing going? What's the latest tube about?
Q3) Then find a way to put what you learned to practical use and learn more by trial and error #lrnchat <put not out!
Just finished my exam and sermon. I received 100% on both! I will graduate from my 2 year ambassador Bible training program in 2 weeks.
Shocker! A calipari coached team cannot shoot free throws, or execute anything resembling a plan on offense. Hope to outathlete opponents.
? More like Bleh_n_inbleh!
Spencer and I just watched it. Hilarious! We love it. We love that we get to use ! Thanks for sharing.
Clippers in the playoff
But only if it was me u were talking bout.. Lol
Really? That's a thing? And I didnt know abt it? RT : Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!
I know summer is coming because I keep spending money on trying to build the perfect sunny soundtrack.
I'm completely underdressed. What happened to the sun?
This weekend I will continue to work on my ish.
TY so much for the RT!
yay I'm so glad your still coming! the weather is perfect
OMG r u kinding me yyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssss i got the job i went for at the WB my frist big project yea me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I would rather stay at home all day and fangirl over One Direction than go to school. That place is torture, man.
amazing job! 25000 followers!
thanks for posting from H!
Lately it seems the only one retiring in America is Retirement itself.
I don't know how to put this, but I'm kind of a big deal. People know me...
It was Mike carrol and the name was Malakai..
yes i do
Will Brees be back with the #Saints?
Bah! Don't like Jello?! :P You're speaking to a gooey dragon! My feelings are hurt! XD *noses*
How was it - I plan on being in Vegas next year :)
Quincy Miller doesn't exist.
82% of people who say they are sexually satisfied also report feeling respected by their partner during sex.
Cream of Mushroom Soup + Italian Bread + Boddington's = Flippin' Delicious
Should really stick to eating healthy...oh Cheez-its, you taste so good!!!!
the things i wish i could say to these stupid ass customers
New android device performance benchmark from coming this week!
white platform flipflops at world trade center
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays everyone!!
Today's challenge: Burpee Pushup + Box Jump! AWESOME! Congrats to Brian Rowe from our 6:30 class for being the current leader!
Im not a huge fan of kids. So when one reaches out to me i always feel like im in a horror film where the kid is trying to tell me something
me too. i remember it haha
If ur 50 and your 20's was the best ten years of your life u did something wrong
yep I am pretty big deal, I have a city in NY following me on twitter. I have no idea why.
Come on ! Time to step it up.
-- Thanks for the FT! Hope you're having a great week Brian.
but hey, hooray for being in a city that supports a carless existence
Large donations from out of state interests?
D1 PowerHouse “Shembechler Hall renovation will announce that you have arrived at Michigan ://t.co/m2W5HfiJ"
PI is now creating, designing and printing your entire billboard campaign.
I love 1D too.. But I just made a new acc not used this.. Cause I still love austin too.. He can't be replaced
Anyways ... Packing for ny
ThMorUKno:The book of Revelation is as much a political statement as religious. (Thru imagery, author takes shots at the Romans.)
Off to Lakewood to see friends play an #Occupy benefit and then Meganne Stepka with at Merry Arts.
dear , please just let me listen to the song i'm craving, empire state of mind, and stop forcing lady gaga and estelle upon me
This job thing ain't for me.
I'm not okay
Im sorry! And then finally at the end of it i have my 8th "continuation" lol then im done!
#NW: The Hard Times Of RJ Berger >>>>>
hello there
The nightly arrested development in bed w android.. That sounds salacious.. But its not
I dare you. I fucking dare you to ignore me you cunt.
I set the coffee pot to brew at 6:00am, so when I get out of bed at 6:15, it's all ready for me :)
drink something then! Lol!
Had a productive day and wish everyone the same on friday.
had a great day of Camp and rehearsal getting ready to rest this weekend!
hahahhah so did we both give it to her???
Indeed, but I hope he keeps the crazytalk flowing.
Me too. *shudder*
No one is too good to be tempted
FEVAH DAWWWWWWWWWWWG! goes through my head at the quietest of moments, like an assault on my synapses.
Getting ready to head off to Florida for rest of the month to film a movie...pics and details to come!
#hth2012 I'm following better now. Vishen showing media, consumerism, and nostalgia prior to armed insurgency in 1989
what if I wanna fuck with you? Will you screw me also?;b
Who is you favorite superhero?
thanks for all the suggestions. It was hard to choose but we went with Lure. Cheers,
Thank you for the follow, Shiroi.
such a lack of info. too many new delicious goodness to document. expect voluminous texts in the next week concerning mostly hoppy things
You're joking, but I bet everyone who is (or was) a female grad student is cringing at just the thought,
I may not have a mom but I wouldn't trade my life for anything #thankful <3
Great class on Saturday at Pierce College in LA...24 people eager and willing to start their own home-based business...yeah! Helene :)
Females think they trendsetters..
killed it yesterday at D'OR. What a great party! The downstairs lair was the perfect solution to yesterday's heatwave.
“: On this date, 150 years ago” ... 3,862 American Casualties at Fort Magruder, Virginia.
Oh yeah. I would also like to thank for all the awkward moments experienced at #SPN #Chicon ....so thank you Misha. Thank you.
I'm appreciative of everyone who has supported me. I love you! We've won the battle and the war continues.
Something tells me you could find a line of guys that would be willing to buy one for you
Ooh, I love this idea! Steve Nordstrom and I discussed in Dallas forming a running club, so this is great!
the pressure is building with time i made it up in my mind i've got excuses for all these things that i've tried in my life
New All American Rejects is blah
Met today :) she was so beautiful and so sweet :)
We Kicked the Show off with signs of love making by Tyrese and have plenty more hits to come.
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Imagination (Gladys Knight & the Pips ) - Midnight Train to Georgia 1973 :)
We lost because my school didn't let us wear Broncos jerseys!
I hate when that one person ruins something great happening for the whole class #Jheeze 😡
RT : 2011 Get Lit! Festival author Kathleen Flenniken has just been named the Washington State Poet Laureate. Hooray!
Without Pain there is no pleasure, with out sadness there is no happiness, and without ignorance there is no wisdom. remember the goodness!
Haha, what's wrong with knee licking?
I really want Sour Punch Straws the strawberry flavored :)) <3
For the ladies, Text Dress to 84444 for your chance to WIN Dresses for a year from www.OneHotDress.com RT to spread the word, thanks!
I haven't received my order in over two weeks and you guys locked me out of he site so I can't check it. call 5129837614
pretending to read and work again?
Why does this kid thinks he's all dat !!!
two words: pumpkin pizza
Good luck tonight, Taylor.
what time?
I don't know dslakjfsdg i'm just in a mood. :(
I think that works! Lemme get into the beginning of next week to make sure. I'll think of a place in the meantime.
RT if you have been near a woman before.
I just want to watch 90's tv shows/cartoons all day!
Who wears Skinny jeans to the gym? This is why the world has so many problems!
thanks so much for the RT - so excited to be part of the event this year :)
Great chat with author this morning about social media!
I feel ya
well.. it wasn't snowing 30 minutes ago.
Had a great evening service, now on a date with my bride.
City Ordinance of the Day: Procuring or giving alcohol to someone underage, FINE: $366
#ASTD2012 budget is the biggest barrier to mobile learning, followed by legacy systems according to ASTD
True! I cringe at the thought...
Note to Andrew Bynum: get on the P.R. wagon asap, apologize for parking in handicapped spaces, and work with some charities for disabled!
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your take on the bean ballet.
Michelle Obama sent me the nicest letter today. Telling me how special I am and how important I am to this nation. Then asked me for money.
Good luck caleb ole buddy!!!
I think I just got an A in my philosophy test!
Hello NC!
Thank you ever so much. YOU ROCK!
please make panclog (abbreves for "pancake blog") a reality. i'll design the background (hint: picture of pancakes)
As it should have been from beginning (or exclude Marquette) too RT : #badgers allow Uthoff to contact any school outside Big 10
Just finishing her hair , who wants to come over ?
Right now I could care less if my music is too loud you can deal. I can barely hear it but people not listening to it can hear it more...
na my house(;
Then twisting of the hair
Packing up to head to Palm Springs to work with of & for Michael's Look Book!
just figured
Sleepy.. I need sumin to do
text me at 818 624 7911 and we'll talk about it
I guess its cardboard and glitter cards this year.
I dont know! there was like a news story that like children above9 that grind their teeth have ADHD. he should..guess what
will u follow me
Beer pong with Just like old times.
Go Wisconsin! RT : I think at 4PM we hit the biggest primary turnout in WI history of 30%
See, I'm the only one that even remotely knows how to dress. My mom wears too much black and my dad wears short sleeve button ups
I liked it. Been there as a boy
Warren Buffett's #Berkshire Hathaway discloses new investments in General Motors and MTV-owner Viacom
You & the boys will be one hour away from me next week & I don't have tickets to the show wa how awful! )': xx
Feeling great!!
Let Mariott know the shuttle schedule? I just asked the front desk and they have no idea. Also, what's the shuttle schedule?
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Had to come all the way to DC to enjoy a MN small brew beer. It's also gluten free!
you said it. golly it's gorgeous.
RT : Hey guys, I’m starting a cool new hashtag:
RT : W the $1.71M winners check, says he won't buy another house but a new car for sure -- Ferrari Enzo.
Really sucks about Nick Collins - definitely going to miss him on the field. Not an injury to mess with though, smart decision.
My followers are growing. That is AWESOME!!
We are working on solutions for both. Also make sure to look down. Many areas have in floor outlets but are often missed.
When will they announce this Yu Darvish posting
The Obama Levin McCain GULAG Bill (AKA the NDAA) self authorization to commit conspiracy against American constitution, punishable by law.
I don't support vegetarianism. Anybody got beef with that?
to avoid a issue with their name i guess
follow me??
Nothing like a rainbow snowcone to cheer me up:)
Life is wasted when you arnt
"What I Did For a Klondike Bar: A True Story"
i wish i was getting plowed right now
what is life
#IADMIT I'm a bitch, not all the time but I sure can be one
One stop shop for any gigging musician. #sanantonio owned & operated. CD/DVD mfg, t-shirts & merch! Hit us.
“: Looks like there's nothin to do tonight #BAF” Xbox. My house? Bring
In love with Austin Mahone, Justin Bieber, There so Cute lol ^_^
My baby godfather is tripping this morning.this man is wearing overalls and a floral suit jacket. Were going to have to discuss this.
Ive been asking this question for years!!! Come to Atlanta and put your skills to the test!!
We only do it in the AM -- FrankMusik
Congrats Iota Pi chapter on the Sorority Scholarship Award & Outstanding Student Program of the Year at !
The statement on the Lin headline is hilariously short. Basically just says "we fired the guy."
way to stay on top of that one rt Cowboys sign CB Brandon Carr to a 5-year, $50.1 million deal.
then go to bed... Goodnight! :)
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited.
Nobody is listening to #Dell at #SMIATL b/c they are wondering if Dell is listening to them.
Up early gotta drop lil man off at school then off to wrk life gettin better n Gods the reason
Hey everyone, please click the link above and like my photo to vote for me in the ABSOLUTE FUEL contest! =)
one page left! I'm going to bed!
I think you guys should do a #CoolMorning3 :)
anyone know if "Howl" is ever playing in Columbus
Embrace your Irish spirit March 16 & 17 w/Corned Beef & Cabbage & Irish whiskey 4 a real !
can u plz do me a shoutout?thanks.(:
92.8 percentile be-ach wanna toast to that?
I would get sick the day before islands
END OF FUN
thanks babe how are you?
Minor tho. RT : And my thanks to for not being too evil in convincing me I made an error. Yeah, I own my mistakes. ;-)
oh I have never heard of that class! good luck finishing it, it's still hard for me to learn vit/min
who told you that?
Ouvindo DJ Earworm Mashup United State of Pop 2011 (World Go Boom) U.U adoro
Exciting! I'm assuming that 'upcoming novel' means 'coming soon'--Congrats either way.
ADP, a company started by senator lautenberg over 40 years ago now has over 45,000 employees.
fuck prom and everyone that makes it such big deal! now they have me stressed!
#Amen to that! <3
last week for ramps at Calvert Farm
thank you. I would love to help. How may I help?
If Kobe Bryant had a Facebook page, his interests would be overcoming obstacles, pressure, proving you wrong, championships, repeat.
see u from break
Ha! Pretty sure my wife and I said the same thing at halftime. (I assume we're talking Ric Renner)
For pizza, yes. The first bite, though...I never know quite how the first bite's gonna go. And so, silver :)
What upcoming shows are you coming too? Let us know!
okay *unfollow* I'm lois
Stay safe.
Be honest, the Caps will lose like they always do. Don't make it harder on yourself.
That would be exogamy
Whelp, didn't get a win from my Wed league for my B-day...The team just couldn't put anything together. I was 2 for 4. Helped a little?
Bell Biv Devoe said it best!!
doubleclick everything moms.
I wrote on some random kids paper and he didn't notice haha
Fav quote in my Interviewing class: My dog hates hippies.
The $Money$ Gone Cum If Not Im Gone Get Id I Gotta Die Wid Money Cuz I Wasnt Born Wid Id!*
“:This describes 98% of bikini/figure coaches btw" True, but it works to get lean. What else works 4 figure??
how does it feel?
You should send me because I love going to the movies and I love gofobo!!!
well can honestly say that I dug my own grave today & totally deserved it!WTF
Happy Friday from LPMR! Coming soon great sale for MD, Chiropractors, Acupuncturist, & Dentist, anyone whom MUST be in compliance for 2013!
the pleasure is all mine :) yes I have a friend in chi-town to visit! Lol
SECRET SHOW w/ begins in about an hour! Head to !
miss ya to!! I'll be in NYC 3.8-3.13 hope to see you if your around!
if ugliness was a brick, you'd be the wall of china
We're back!
well thanks for putting my dirty cleats under my bed. Appreciate it.
You'll see toilets at tomorrow's Park(ing) Day. Why? 14 Indy Parks benefit from bathroom facilities, where before there were none.
tell kimmy blanco keep them tracks coming man!! Teamkim all day!
Sugar sculptures by Amber Eagle at the Menil bookstore--come investigate and check out our holiday goods and books.
u already know what time it is lol RT " MY FAVORITES"
#imaddicted to running!!!
it's possible. Does he fall asleep at 8:30 pm with his mouth open? Then yes
ohh ok cool
have you seen the app called SillySongs ? A speech therapy app focusing on phonology using songs
- He is tearing it up tonight. Still worried that leaving #Allen, #Pierce and #Garnett in New York is going to come back
Dr. Abdalati is my hero: a brilliant man who speaks with passion a/b doing with your life that which energizes you.
have you checked out ?
RT : Congrats Geoffrey Mutai! A New Course Record!
: Please put the 2 bottles of sorrel by the spice shelf in the refrigerator tonight.. The ones at Doug's house blew up :(
Thomas Fuller, M. D.: Zeal without knowledge is fire without light.
when I was little I had a crush on Danny phanton or whatever his name was from that show where like caught ghosts.LOL.
Is there time left for day dreaming?
had so much fun tonight! ugh reminds me of back in pennsylvania, dance yo face off, but is next to you! :)
Wrapping up notes on #HR_Tech. A good conference-balanced mix of vendors, HR pro's and visionaries. Overall #HRtech exceeded expectations.
Thankful Thursday Great ladies:
so inspired to play more Chopin after Pollini's amazing recital at Carnegie yesterday!!! Looking forward to his next recitals in NYC!
Shit happens. Then more shit happens. And then you die.
LA Business Journal won the Gold Medal for Best in Show Large Tabloid at AABP Awards over the weekend. Two years in a row!
So damn hard to get out my my warm cozy bed...especially when you went to sleep so late the night before
#Spam RT : hello, you disgusting. you are not a big freak such as
Sorry Havent Been On :/ but im a tumblr hoe now ;D jkjkjk!
looks pretty today :)
One more 'Like' Until we give away a new pair of jeans... will it be you??
I love you.
I agree
Which should be easy since I only text one on a daily basis.
Awesome Kyle! You're rockin' it! Looking forward to hanging with you all next week.
Just received my issue of Lonestar Perspectives, great piece on Utilizing Social Media to Retain, Grow Membership
i think this week is trying to kill me. teacher training + jet lag + too much studying + very little sleep = is it the weekend yet?
agreed, Johnny never met a dollar he didn't like but Jason, I'm serious. The Refused shows made me feel 17 again. They were godlike
I'ma start checking in there.
Just playing the "how old are you" game with some intoxicated 40 year olds.
American Brew Beer Tasting tonight, I think the head brewer Skip is coming!!!
Chicago making progress but more is needed
great meeting at paramount with - awesome guy and amazing performer!
i'm dancing with :)ILYShawty<3
- So I'm getting yelled at 4 not commin home last nite WOW!
- Derek Ball for Star wars
oh you fancy huh?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
Making chicken & cheddar Bacon cheese fries:)
yup and it was
Zillow syndication debate left out of real estate summit (via )
Dang ": I put in a tampon just to have it in as backup. That's how crazy shit is about to get."
She's standing up to kids who pick on/bully her & not taking their crap, hell yeah!!! Luv my little banana so much :)
The thing is gets juvenile by the day! Media scrambling around like "Mice" looking for cheese! The "Pied Piper"of Politics!
Hope ur getting lots of free food and wine!
Omg I cant stop eating them!!!!!! Askjglkdghalshda
RT : Don't forget to stop by 1500 N. Delaware St. on your way home! Eat, think, drink and talk!
Well lucky for you (or me? ha) I'm in the Seattle area, so we can totally grab a beer-slash-coffee-slash-beverage. :D
“: we can take my jet if you all bring the beer.”--done said he's in
so like; one day umma make terrence j from 106 & park my husband. yeah. it's official i'm marrying him. yup.
... most apps grew up with unpredictable performing IO, what would you do differently if you could depend on perf
son, like i've seen jr writer and a couple other rappers at the tournaments. they ain't shit! jtfo. lmao
Going for a bikeride w/ my husband to recharge. If you feel your energy lagging, move! Amazing how activity produces energy!
Is it too late to get a booth in the medical tent or else where? give me a shout back.
Brooks is here, born today at 6:37pm. 7 pounds, 20 inches. All is well.
so are you guys living together?
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
A parties only as fun as the people who attend
Undefeated ! Great start
I saw the girl at HOB. I think the guys pretend they don't know of the crazies @ M&Gs 2 not cause a scene. Just my opinion though!
I LOVE it! It allows me to consolidate personal social media with social business all in one convenient and easily organized tool!
See you on Opening Day, Cardinals. you win?
ok I got you whit cause you really want your finger shot lol I'll bring you a better one
New workshop announced: "Beyond Wildcards: Fundamentals of Regular Expressions," by
Tip for the social trainer: think "blended learning." Embrace digital and social media to enhance the classroom learning experience!
very true...
Um, first you have to tell me who you're not following. ;)
Oh the joys of getting up at 6 am
Wobble, wobble, wobble, wobble, TWERKKKKK! #SBCDAT !
rock on!
#kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More! at Southern Methodist University, Sat, May 19 9:00a: Love gaming,...
Imma call you when i get out the bathroom lol . RT : can i call u
found some bob marley board shorts i want!
I only share my password with secure platforms that offer personalized deals without the hassle of coupons. And my mom.
my dream chick
#RipTrayvon #hoodies & #Skittles all day today.. i hope #justice is served!
#20ThingsAboutMe 3.) I love someone that's so many miles away </3
Trivia at 8pm tonight at Joe's on Juniper!
Some people never get it. How about a different kind of story in WV. Come to Wheeling WV --art and culture are alive!
ur presence would be appreciated!
Thank You for being supportive of the bio Film Reading @ Aljira on Mon. 27th @ 7pm
it will be loud
Missed Calls: 15 |New Unread Text Messages: 23 |Hours Late To Both: 2 |Reason: Twitter!! \(>_<)/
I love my girlfriend because she just made a Fiddler on the Roof reference in a normal conversation lol.
Honey whiskey = Sweet Fire. :-)
I'm watching #FashionStar. I hope this impresses the uniontown hotties
When I sign a credit card charge slip, I think to myself "that signed piece of paper might be worth something some day."
I must have blocked all memories of fried chicken.
garagiste/Jon Rimmerman - "(los pilares) the most exciting wine I’ve tasted from the Golden State in many years" "Cornelissen meets Copain"
funny but that dude is on another level of crazy! Trina is just a bball ho now! Still can't believe lil Wayne had that ass
Like free music? The Piano Showcase featuring Stritch Piano Performance majors is at 7 p.m. tonight in the Nancy Kendall Theater. It's free!
RT : Once you know how powerful your brain is, you don't let little thingslike not knowing what the heck your doing, keep you...
Via Lohud, Chavez is 100 percent. Has to wait for MLB to evaluate concussion test and give green light. Hopes to be activated tomorrow.
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful?? Your personality! The way you carry yourself! That captivating smile. Those angelic eyes :)
bottle shop, of course.
34 pages ? a chapeter ? fudgecakes , babe . you are damn awesome .
hey! I saw that your a hip hop dancer?!(: I am myself (well a just a dancer, but hip hop is my fav) soo Hmu boiiii(:
Whats going to come after HD recording? Space recording maybe... what do you think?
We did indeed have some fun and funny times back in SF. RT gosh i miss our funny times!
Poetry slam competitions are so inspiring! I'm going to watch some to help me do my hw.
I am getting tired of these things tweeting for me..
April fools dun turned in2 wartime
41 game package. Got seats in section 308.
Big summer plans(:
Don't tempt her!
Grand event last night boys! Bravo!
Youre strange. I like that.
I might give it a try soon in testing - I was considering a vitess backend but this is much easier
I always feel more gay watching ANTM
GET ON TINY CHAT. Purty please, with a fish on top?
West Coast time will catchup with you. lol
never been there it's kool?
I wish you would understand how much you mean to me...
um yeah that would creep me out too
I do that too. It makes no sense. lol
#SAG-AFTRA? Will it help 85% of members who cannot make a living as members of own union get work, tired of seeing same 15% on award shows.
thanks to you guys, I got pranked called by a pirate.. At on am.. Oh boys
Thanks for the follow!
I hear a song on the radio very amazing... sorry I do not know her name. hahaha
Also have to publicly apologize to for sounding like a curmudgeon on his FB page. I can't keep my opinions to myself.
lol....damn it must be good for you guys to be willing to drive that far. I must now try real soon! lol
I just did so much heavy lifting. Done for the year.
Again: phone broke and I lost most of my contacts. Please reply or message me your numbers!
Nothing like the feeling of the Derby buzz on the backside at Churchill #thisismysh*t
: Gia, so excited to have your dad here on twitter.
ladies and gentlemen, the fake account we here at fakeAPD have been praying for: !!
Sometimes you have to remove yourself from the situation to better understand. Emotions can make the most irrational things seem rational.
What are you aiming to do with it? :-)
what?!?! omg you're so lucky! i'm just going to go early and wait for them. have fun though & take pictures with everyone!(:
Waiting for someone to finish brushing their teeth and get into bed... Oh the suspense!
May your life be long and useful like a roll of toilet paper
Sure is! She'll be 4 in July. :)
With listening to 97.5 picking #wisshoops to win tonight. Let's go!
Have a great weekend, everyone.
Doing some shopping with the kids? We've got Kids Meals from $3.99 & Lunch Specials starting at $5.99! Mahi Mahi is our Fresh Catch today.
I love my job! It's very rewarding when my clients tell me they feel #beautiful after a service, whether it's a #facial or a #wax!
lol im quite alive actually! just been busy. whats up?! =]
Getting the iPhone 4s
Dear ABC, y'all had better renew #GCB for a second season.
graduation practice by a nose
DDA as a single solution is a disincentive for publishers -w hat about the rest of the sales they would be making?
lol so what's up :)
Oh gosh, telling my friend how to use twitter. Yeah she isn't good with the web and stuff:) I love you boo!
That's a devil's advocate question, not my position necessarily.
lol it was just lots of like 10' and 12's and shit I don't think we had any walk ins past 1 all ressays
#slcwebinar Make information value higher as you share with others.
SUCH a good Night Strike. And happy birthday to my brother Eric! Big ol 24 :)
I hear you on that...and I'm behind you in the game (no travel plans yet)
no matter how many times I hear that Bo statement, I'm baffled by how he goes "from the trenches" to contracts...
wish I could have that much dedication in keeping in shape! Lol
it's still early! (sarcasm)
Game time... Lets go #CincyStandUp!
I'm almost caught up too! And I just started reading the books, wish I had known about them earlier.
Cheffing it up!!!!
hey u r my fav bad girl in history
that we are!! But we have to get a huge following help us tend on here
Give me a shoutout please!!!!!!!!;D
Please excuse Tommy for being absent yesterday. He had diarrhea and his boots leak.
the language is innate. Speaking isn't. We are all born with the ability, our world slowly diminishes it. Learning is 2nd!
Thirsty Thursday!!!!! Come see and myself at the door prep for SB!
Really tired today...not sure if it's the jet lag or the fact that I had to do something today, but I am wiped out!
thinking and learning about it due to its recent surge in popularity.
love the brunettes!!
They talk behind my b.tch back..they must have seen her a.s then
gotta like the Ms win tonight, good homestand. Hopefully the next roadie goes better than the last!
I wrote it all down, wrote it all down into a song. I'll break your heart in just three minutes now. Look who won.
He'll be good, but he will be elite in the Smoking stat.
I'm goin Fishin early in the mornin. I'm about ready for bed lol
Springsguide is coming along well,.. :-) www.springsnet.net
Let's not lock the door. let's just go out in public on the beach(:
110 6th graders are here to tour Mapping Our Tears exhibit, meet survivors Conrad & Henry, and do an activity w/ leaves of peace. busy day!
Scrub, scrub scrub cleans my data!
Anytime Melissa! We love you too! Thanks for being so awesome! :D
“: A relationship is between two people, not u & all ur friends.” <-- How many people forget this? Smh. Don't worry I'll wait...!
I would totally subscribe to that - I used to run a cruelty-free blog RT : vegan/animal welfare-promoting twitter feed
Day 5 of my 90 day health challenge! Feelin' good! Who wants to eat better, lose weight and get fit with me? EROCK
Find a fabulous fit on Saturday May 5: Shoes in women’s sizes 10.5-13 and men’s sizes 14-16 at 30-50% off regular prices.
last rt omg
In the eternal flickering of the silver screen subconscious memories of my tomorrow, I live in the present moment, today w/ joy & gratitude.
“A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” - Lao Tzu
Haha thanks! And Happy Tuesday to you too!
Mega Million Is over 600 million?.... These nuts.... I don't know what I would do.... (Yes I do...)
Should I use my invisibility to fight crime, or for evil?
#SuperMoon was a-ok. I'm still apartment hunting here in #SanDiego. My big question...who are the best political bloggers in #SanDiego?
well then Flynn must be beat qb in NFL, because no one else put up those numbers either. Get A clue!!
I was glad to see the news, too.
“: i need a protools 9 disc for a mac !”~~~i have protools9 hd but not on disc bro.
Even if it is an interim job, try to use or develop skills you can apply to your target job.
wow that's pretty sad to come from there to a real sport only to retire and go back, what a joke he is
We are proud of our 100% Pure, All Natural, Vegan products. 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed! beautysnatural.com
RT : The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything.
Before you open your mouth make sure you have a mind to back up all the things you say.
mangia special tonight is Lobster lollipos baby!
I ordered the 2011 ? Have you???
Whoa! You can walk and stuff again?
I take my wife everywhere...but she keeps finding her way back.
My momma always told me if I didn't have something nice to say then don't say anything at all! Guess I'm not talking for a few days!!!
Welcome back Nate! #SFGiants It all began with...
Penn State is the only college where you can major in a minor
#Leadership Lesson from the Bobby Petrino scandal.... "Your reputation is your greatest asset"
papo check our gear out DMEcollective.com
A new Advanced Electives course; Accent Reduction Seminar
I hate seeing people take two steps forward and 3 steps back BUT it happens
Do you follow or yet? If not what are you waiting for?! Lots of great show updates in Orlando.
I lived in Nashville for four years and 's Minneapolis concert was probably the most Nashville show I've ever seen. Fantastic.
Bout to go see Switchfoot acoustic live nd upclose!
While watchn Knicks game, step-son asks y won't wear a brim or get some type head-band as a solution. I spit out my water...
Check your email inbox for User Group registration details OR contact to sign up today!
Braving downtown Austin. Wish me luck!
If a singer gets hoarse after singing or it takes too long to recover from a performance,the Vocal technique that is using is not correct.
my bros birthday is today!
i had to get to a coffee this morning quicker than katniss everdeen had to get to a bow in the hunger games. its survival y'all!!
This planning team rocks and you know it! #shiftseries 2012 here we come!
Just discovered our 2-day-old baby is an immigrant. He doesn’t know any English AT ALL! I hope he’s not Al Qaeda. ...
Just got zapped while changing a light bulb. Getting used to the tingles!
Hi I followed you back. Wow you're from South Africa? Thats so cool. I've always wanted to visit there :)
Why are you (or aren't you) searching the #1940Census data? Reply with your story for inclusion in an upcoming #datapub post.
Show some
sitting on my porch enjoying live concert and cookout by my neighbor for entire community by George Oilman and Cold Rice Band.
Happy Birthday to Waterfi!! Come celebrate with us tomorrow with $15 of Shuffles, $20 off Swim Systems and a free gift when you but 2 ipods!
Ah! Good point.
I'm with you! She was great!!
ACS CEO just opened up #poweringthepossible lunch. One of the best things from this program is Dell volunteer support
BECAUSE THEY don't have sense enough to handle money.
im writing my freashmen paper on you and your life. I hope one day somone can dothat about me! #NSN!
Obama tied with Romney in latest CNN poll...considering how batted around and criticized the President has been that's good news for him.
“: Jerry Sandusky raped me. #ShockingNerlensAnnouncement” only becaused you got the idea from Garry
follow back? very excited for the video!
Back from NYC... Painted the town RED!
still sick
Couldnt agree w/you more thanks for stoppn by RT: cold brought it at #barbarella! Thx Eugene!
if i ever find out that and are dating i will walk to where ever they are cuss her out then kill her. MY MAN!
I feel like I am one of those "android users that are ruining Instagram" All I can say is sorry.
I'm storming your castle, milady.
Heard a few old geezers on Streetcar, yapping about Facebook Stock, mentioned a class action lawsuit? FB Employees where happy!
not me
aw, you're one of my favorites too :)
Planning a couple shows! I cant wait to party and play again.
food fest. I wanna I wanna.
Tonight! I will be rocking in Atlantic City. Hosted by -
UGG i Tried to get some sleep no way my mind wont shut down, I'm getting some mojo and getting a early start today. www.eeewebmarket.com
Thx for the RT & the conversation:)
I get my phone back for a day and my mum decides to take it again. Awesome. -_-
nothin at all bro. What's up witchu?
Goodnight, sleep tight.
Focus on the process, not on the result.
Naw. I like some men in beards.
I cant stop sneezing i think my whole family is sick
The french language has always been a hard one for me to learn. Just when you think you got it, it turns out to be the other way around.
when i try to hide 's boobies and fix her shirts :') >>>
Another reason why I love my hotel...they let and I use the driver to take us to the bank and nail salon
The weekend starts now. Strap on your dancin shoes, groin kick those blues and grab a drink. Let's write this book.
miss you more! Can't wait to see you!
Off to make funny voices...
Have a great flight Boney. Rake your rain boots..However, if you r playing at those 2 venues, it will be to hot to rain,
Dear Illustrator, I ALWAYS want you to scale strokes & effects. So, you can quit unchecking it in my preferences every time I quit. Thanks.
I don't know, but I'd totally watch that show to find out. He'd need to get Botox first though, obviously.
Who don't love rugrats....
Funny how things work out
You're so welcome! I'm glad you're enjoying the N40s so much! :)
RT “: Welcome! look who's tweeting!”
Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you.
“: I need one of those... Yes support black businesses”<<send your size & it's yours!
True! Leno held up 's front page 'Here's Drew' on Hastings' mayoral win, says he'll keep getting my Times-Gazette
At the Arclight watching Avatar in 3d. I'm such a boy
Sore! About to leave for church.
awww your the best you think so do you really.
because i am! when are you going to sleep?
Yaaaaaay!!! My life size poster of Tony Danza came in!!!!!!
I imagine Australia as being the total bro-nation
Accessibility testing is not icing, it's not something we do at the end of a production process, says
Im really bad with grocery stores.
I'm loving that song "So Many Girls", play it again
I look forward to stealing TAGFEE (Transparent and Authentic, Generous, Fun, Empathetic, and Exceptional) at future startups.
Ready for basketball? Who do you think will go further Bucky or ? Watch with us today!
LOVE it!
One step closer to a vs. series...
Justin Moore will be coming to the Indiana County Fair on September 1, 2010! Be There!
PickUpLine: Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
I actually have this movie on HDDvd. I'll never forgive WB for jumping ship and dooming the format.
Pissed off at myself ..
I wish I could play the bass that is coming from the cellar right now! If you love dubstep, there is no where else you should b right NOW!!!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!//
Fergie doing "Gimme Shelter" with a guy named Mick, and a little backup band called U2 = not bad
HAHAHA. I went to bed at midnight but I definitely had a proper jam sesh to GA songs before... :D
Miss you too hun!
I'd like to get a copy of Clock of Destiny I & II, anyone in the know have these??? I need to re review some things. Inbox me please. Peace.
Are you still looking for roommates for #alamw12 ? I haven't made a hotel reservation yet and would be interested in sharing.
Ministerial visit to #UN Security Council today re: #Syria. Everything must be done to bring an end to the spiral of violence
Whew! That is good to know :)
it's all good man. How you doing?
OMFG...seriously. <rage rage rage>
Student essay trap: To give a word count or a page count minimum, that is the question. With words, I've seen students count every word...
"For every week you do not go on a date, I will buy you froyo" - I love yummy reward systems; aka bribery
furthermore, many of us are media savvy enough to recognize a shoddy, inflammatory trolling-for-traffic piece...
Filming Pioneer Commercial!!!
I got what my shit so big over sea
Beach Party last night... they had steel drums and dancers for entertainment. It was FANTASTIC!!!
haha i was prob talking to my sis in an accent like i said its a terrible habbit of mine! haha :p id been like "ello mate"
When girls fight over guys <<<<<<<
oh come on, I'm not making this shit up. Ask a girl 25+ about it
have fun :)
RT The Mile High Horror MUSIC SHOWCASE will be held September 27-29. Look for details soon!
Good afternoon from London! It's only me, my sketchbook and Beethoven. Bliss
Hey! Ppl follow me plez I need more ppl plezzzzzzzzz!
I haven't even packed my bags for this weekend dude, I'm slacking gonna pack now
He talk about a situation of Japan Contemporary Art. You can have an opportunity to buy his new book that will be sold in April.
lol. That's what she said she wanted when she was visiting.
Possibly will be living out on the streets soon. Anybody have any side jobs or jobs in general that they know of?
ok, I had to check and make sure this was actually you. I laughed so hard I almost sharted myself! Ha!
I love being ME :-)
so tried yawn yawn ...
Raked two pots and lready up 400bb!
I feel so close to you right now...it's a force field.
Your depressing tweets need to stop.
I've just put up a review of Screenwriting for Dummies. I love the #Dummies books and this one is no exception.
Heading that way..
Subway for lunch? YES.
Van Morrison's Hugo Ledbetter = Pearl Jam's Yellow Ledbetter? Who are these Ledbetters and how do they find their way into songs?
I couldn't go a day without Jesus. That would be Hell on earth.
the school sent me home after 1st period, they told my dad there gonna kick me out....
I used to live kinda close to San Fran but right now I live in San Diego. I love it here but I've always wanted to go to New York!
#percolator on at neighborhood bar. Where's ???
Nice! Get in touch. :-)
The regenerative system on it will be very sound.
thanks for all you're doing for our community. A real mensch, you are!
That happiness was short.
Miller: Linked data is technical; openness is policy. Linked data and linked open data not same, share architecture
IMF offering new lines of liquidity to break 'chains of contagion' ....
Jang H. Kim's status: Do you see it? It's called opportunity. You probably didn't recognize it because it looked like work.
Everyone check out please. They support Net Neutrality, oppose ACTA, want govt. transparency and personal privacy.
We cheese-heads are getting tired of winning all the time - losers.
I love coming to the bar and wearing my wristbands to wipe the sweat off my forehead from dancing. I also have my lines hidden underneath.
omg so good and yes I'll bring them to psych tomorrow!!
maybe try one of those human-sized wheels that are similar to ones for guinea pigs?
you bet. Keep it going.
hell yeah
Stupid movies now showing, except for Hunger Games and Titanic. :(( =))
Aw, man! Okay. Either you have to wait for me or I get to watch it early. I can't watch 'til 10pm CST on Sunday.
Hm. Non-functioning email address for vendor in RFP response? Not a good first impression.
Looking for a Graphic/ Environmental Architectural Designer with Experience Enhanced Environments, the ideal designer will marry visual com…
He that is not open to conviction, is not qualified for discussion.
you two are gorgeous!!!
praise Christ! Happy to help our
I believe your original tweet and this conversation lowers your score. Now get back to 4sq cross-posting to Twitter! lolomgwtf
The only team that matches up really well against Boston when it is firing on all cylinders is a healthy Chicago and they're done!
Asa takes lead amidst total pack implosion, 4-0 jam for Maulers this time Score Rotties - 13, Maulers - 4
Josh Hutcherson > you
JUNE 21, 2013. LOOK FOR ME AT YOUR CONCERT! Section 115! ;D
I hope not, but that's the talk...
I hate when someone's upset and you can't make them feel better. I feel like I've failed as a friend.
Haa what are u doing on here?!
Morning all! Tomorrow is my 5 year wedding anniversary with my hubby!!!!!!! So blessed!
Best guess..Steak and Ale?
Anytime! Lot of young guns there too but SuJu is large and massive (originally 13 members!). Still have 10 regularly perfing.
I just realized I missed my 100th tweet!!!! :(
Sorry! Looks like pp download is restricted to repository staff :(
Almost time to go! haha Logging off BYE TWITTER! :D
Blowing on loud watching a movie.
Happy to share!
Thanks for the follow! Let us know if you'd like comp tickets to Home&Design Magazine's Luxury expo show this coming weekend!
Picking Romney is to pick former bank robber to run the bank because he knows how the bank system works the best.
hm have you tried that?
My resolution was going to be to quit being so sarcastic,and rude,etc. BUT then I thought, nobody likes a quitter!
I hate inconsiderate people
follow me and i haved followed everyone back thanks everyone:)
You might also try contacting Andrew Hankinson @ McGill U. He's working on tools to digitize music, but may have info.
"Can I copy your homework?" "Yeah, but the answers are probably all wro-" "I don't care, Thanks!"
We would love to feed let us know next time you are hungry.
The creative adult is the child who survived
Alabama, making Tennessee look progressive since 1819.
Many thanks to everyone that showed up for our signing this weekend at ! It was great meeting all of you.
Amazing day yesterday! The dancers shined like the stars they are!!! Congrats on all the awards you received. I love you all
Trying to get home for #Heat - #Knicks but the CTA is not cooperating.
you too
&quot;Mad Men&quot;: Jaguar Comes to America, and Don Wears A Loud Jacket
Why u say that?
WHAT??? How about tonight?
What a beautiful morning (:
If you hear "We burn...", "Power overwhelming!" or perhaps even "My life for Aiur!" Then I recommend upping your dosage.
I'm amazed at the number of posts you've retweeted already saying it's not good enough.
"The choice-based classroom in the personalized classroom" #pearsoncite Indeed! Great presentation, Jeff Borden.
you also woke me up!
I've always thought it worked best as an allegory for the end of the '60s.
Hot Chelle Rae follow a lot of Swifties. I'm proud to be one of them :')
Central stations going to be stooopid to
More potential Pac12 Tourney sites: a gym in Arizona (maybe you'll get Baseball Spring Training fans & Seniors to come)
Gotta get her she be fucking for money
Ranch Cheeseburgers<3
I finished The Hunger Games in 7 hrs. I'm used to the Game of Thrones series, so when the POV didn't change, I forgot to stop reading!
There's no free baseball. Fans who attend a game that goes into extra innings will be charged a $1.00/inning overage fee.
Hey, thanks for the RT!
hooootaluuuuu! Mrs. Doubtfire is screening as I tweet!
I absolutely agree. I hope he is still in race when California gets to vote in June.
Ironic, right? How about #openaccess to #opensource advocacy for #openscience?
I moved right before basketball season so that is when I am eligible to play. I still am going to try and find a way though ha
So far gone
How do you spell Spring Break? T. H. E. I. S. I. S.
try not to choke the hell out of your cat like you did to
I like
oh yeah ! Just wanted to make sure I still had an office buddy.
We are in 8th grade & it's time to mature. If you still like a guy for his looks, good luck finding a good bf.
starts in just over 12 hours. Time to enter a porous state of mind.
yeah they do smut it up a bit...guess I'll have to find it online somewhere...or I could always just read it ha ha
“It takes a good crisis to get us going. When we feel fear and we fear loss we are capable of quite extraordinary things.” — Paul Gilding
Find your passion...follow it.
After this final, I'm getting a sno cone and it wouldn't surprise me if I took a nap in the bahama bucks parking lot. It's come to this.
Be helpful. When you see a person without a smile, give them yours. -Zig Ziglar
Capital isn't that important in business. Experience isn't. You can get both of these things. What is important is ideas-Harvey Firestone
You're missing the fact is that it actually isn't an important text for many. So they feel no need to interpret.
We all know men love to be bronze as well! Don't let your man bake in the sun, bring him in for airbrush today. $35/session or $100 for 4.
Damascus measure 3-389 passes. Mayor says people wanted to make sure they are listened to.
Look forward to the end of Dec. glad I have patience traits. Don't rush into things.
Update on Monster Island show today - if it rains, the show will be cancelled. Sorry. www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Quite a treat to have shooting our kids' showcase yesterday evening. Keep your eyes peeled for #ZipZap in the Post May 10th
Grew up a screw up got introduced to the game and Fucken blew up
If you're staying at an RV Park in Albuquerque and you need your satellite dish pointed, call 350-6428.
": My dear old friendFarewell: Dory Previn, Songwriter, Is Dead at 86. My thoughts are with you today.
If You Know You Stank. I Suggest You Wash Or Deordortize Your Before Somebody Know. Rumors Gonna Be Flying By Bout You. But Hey Advice works
I'm still more impressed when you got run over on the sideline on MNF!
COLD PIZZA
"Intelligence is the door to freedom and alert attention is the mother of intelligence" - Jon Kabat-Zinn
thanks so much! Glad to hear you like the tunes. :)
terrible cause you and I haven't talked ):
A great soul will be strong to live as well as think
it's all good now. I'm back baby!
Been hiding out. I was in so bad of a situation and I didn't know how to cope with it and so I hide :/
Middle finger to my #Ex cause you in the past
What are your hours?
no. Not at all. Brantley is way better. I win. You lose.
Oh look, I already own and love the two UX Primer books you mention… :)
thank you!
A jealous woman does more research than the FBI xD
She Asked: So wat u look for in a girl I Replied: For Her to have all Her Fuckin Teeth LMMFAO!!
#NP Tomas Heredia - Moonlight (Radio Edit)
Just got another no. 1 in #Google for " #Microsoft #Exchange 2010 migration services".
RT : I'm back at from noon-7p 2day. If you come say our # word you start 2-For-1. Today's word is
Sure! She was so spot on and playful in her wording :)
So far Lima has 2 great things going for it: warm nights and warm showers. Exploring the city tomorrow to find out what else it has!
Game of thrones= baby killing motherfuckers. Awesome first episode!
- Good one. I was with the team at #SXSW -- Otto and crew were really cool.
Behind every successful man stands a surprised mother-in-law
If I had it my way, I'd b inside all day watchin the SEC sb tourney ⚾
Championship hockey game tonight... Time to Cowboy Up!
A Whole Foods type place :) So it can't be all that bad.
Go vote for us online! Theres a link on our FB page to help us get a spot on this years !! Please and thank you!
is gonna kill it at states!
Amazing day @ Lakshmi salon its wonderful to have a boss who appreciates my talents and what I consistantly bring to the table.
Disinterested interns vs. interested interns had VERY different error rates. Important to find people who actually care abt topic.
Haha love the picture
Offered to help a co. in my industry w/their social media presence. They brushed me off...but added FB links to their page within hours. Ha!
I have 7 days to raise $ to make a movie that will let 18m abused men know they're not alone. Can you help spread the word?
I hate being on the West Coast for the pure fact you feel totally disconnected from the world.
Ready to burn down some trees. Got a whole onion to blow
LOLOL so someone commented on Austins Instagram.. heres what they said: Your face, I like that shit." LOLOLOL. I love everything about him(:
Doing all the cleaning yourself can be exhausting.
- please do not bring back back to the #xfactor. She has no clue!
SOUNDS PERFECT
“: Marquis Teague came ready to ball tonight.” yes he did.
Unfortunately I do not believe that it made it, but I am not certain. I will do a little research and get back to you.
Really sad.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Marble mocha machiatto .... delicious.
Comes to show who's judgmental or not when me, Ianna & Kat chill in between the vending machines and people give us dirty looks 😂😉👌
u ever drank a mini corona?
nice! He's already kicking some monster ass!
Lmfao I had to remove it glad u got to see it
Shout out too my new follower ^_^ !!
one of my sisters on top of her dance pyramid and the others on the bottom
Don't fuck with to many
#Countdown, less than 3.000 followers till Miss reach the #16MillionBritneyArmy RT
I just went out and danced in the rain....but all i could do was the slide!
Restarting the whole song over just because you missed your favorite part.
it does not matter who knows most about them or who saw them the most its about who loves them and be there for them.
Even tho I still go to planet fitness.. I still wanna hit the gym. Haven't been Ina while
First up...Dancing with the Stars Youth Party, and Immediately following, a Sweet 16 Party for a Princess! Busy Day!
Phoenix- 179 miles.
Good Morning loves. Question: how can u be frustrated/stressed/mad abt sumthing u agreed to do as if u didnt hav the choice to say no.
I know tell me about it!
It's hard to be a better person when someone won't forget your past.
j comprends pas - issue one apology, all followers can see it, n'est ce pas?
He should, cos they are amazing!
you'll miss me when i'm gone . hmp
thanks! We hope to see you soon!
we can work a sample out to see if we work together. Then work something out?
I want a unicorn for Christmas!!
Blue Album or Pinkerton?
you guys wish
Thanks for retweeting my silliness, Jerry!
I'm so glad it's socially acceptable to drink wine alone. Wait, it is, right?
#NHL game of the week is tonite: #Blackhawks #Predators. Avg tix at the UC for hawks: $75. Just about the NHL avg price ($76)
yea eventually...lol
Heidi is a liar, she outted Jillian Micheals on this show. Gays will out other gays
Thx! Def. come Spring--I live on UWS >expecting baby #3 in 4 wks...will be looking for a quick getaway ;)
I love
why the fuck is it 28 degrees right noww
Um 60 degrees in Jan?!? Where did winter go? This sucks for skiing!!
Still trying to figure out how Russell Martin is an all-star
I see the new #brewers #beastmode is a salute. Has Terrell Davis been in the clubhouse?
the Nike outlet!
uh, we carry birds on our shoulders and stuff. Get like us. #birdgang mutha truckas.
gonna chef up those ramps tonight?? I'ma need some energy after todays hike and dig session!!
things are great, brent.. know anybody making the trip north tomorrow?
If it's any consolation, after finishing my BA, I had a hard time getting out of bed, except for job interviews or the gym.
Hired mobile application developers to address new projects in Q1. Vincent iT won new projects on consulting from Govt.
Well if you need to talk again im here
All experience is an arch wherethrough gleams that untravelled world whose margin fades for ever and for ever when I move. Alfred L Tennyson
#2 Hello 30 Times On The Count Down So Far ! :) We Needa Get Them #1 Thou
Finally finished exporting all my images for the iPad app. There so big, I can't wait to see them.
I didn't have to teach Thursday, Friday or Saturday. There are multiple services everyday.
Interesting question! If It's cold, I love to eat beef and vegetable stew. If not, I love to eat chips and salsa! Yum!
There is a faint smell of bleach in the air on the East Side. We are here for you!
@ KENS-TV to play on Great Day SA, preview of show we'll do Saturday @ Fiesta Especial @ Rackspace campus
I hear the atl falcon sqwakn bs about you.
im in the p town!! Going to school
Miss ya too cant wait to c u in NY!
Anda el diablo now theres a cat in my house !
“Wow, it must have been really loud!“ Yes, it would have been really big.” “Ah, so that’s why God called it the Big Bang.”
Monta Ellis with the last 16 for Milwaukee to close out with a W. Bucks now 1 game back of NY and 3 back from Philly
just had 2 plates of fettucini, a butterfinger, nerds, an oatmeal cream pie and an m&m icecream sandwich
Nigga say I'm pussy, I dare you to stick ya dick in this
"Simply Irresistible! She's so fine, there's no telling where the money." Robert Palmer
speaking of drinks, if you fools are up to it, planning for bday celebration @ ogara's friday for pat mccurdy!
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
I'm afraid to click the link....
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
RT : Have an iPhone? Just search "happy hours" in the app store. It's a free app by GoTime. Seriously fantastic!
Shower Time🛀👍
also enjoyed the big picture of the exploding Tardis in the background. When's your next gig?
I've gotten addicted to Instagram. I feel like I'm cheating on Twitter.
Manning to the Broncos. Tebow to the Jets. How do all my football friends feel about this?
no I belong to 24 hr
Searching 4 A Place Where U Can Share In Your Love Of #Israel??? U Found It, #IsraelForever!! Join Us!!
Going to rev up second wave of energy for the night with a workout.
is co-chairing with martin garnar the intellectual freedom committee and committee on legislation joint meeting
Hahah r truth is so funny
I thinkl we just found our new favorite hangout.
Awww. Warm fuzzy feelings!
bell about to ring... im out!!
Thanks for RTs. Hope you're having a great Memorial Day.
When was POTUS AGAINST marriage equality, ? It is your side that is AGAINST it- and actively.
One day will follow me but that day is when pigs can fly! :( Never gonna get followed by Austin Mahone :( :( D:
#Google Asia Bryant beautiful girl and beatutiful voice to match <3
It is the last day of regular classes Hurray!!!!!
Katherine Hayles speaking of her recent work in a talk at Indiana U this afternoon. Describing changes brought by DH.
So Glad you got there safely!!!
Suicide watch, nigga. Kill yourself.
very cool!
shattered! Tea, toast and bed for a nap
mind reading for sure!!!
And handsome as all Hell, too! lol
do you mean april 11?
Baseball is just track practice now..... :p
It's so delicious it distracts the pilots!
RT : How to Handle Diversity in College and the Workplace Successfully: Whether it’s handling diversity in the workpl......
Keep the dream alive.. Hit the snooze button.
45% of the new novels published each year were ghostwritten or “edited substantially” by a ghostwriter/editor
Can I restate my love for Peggy?
will train 50+ TV mets on climate change/global warming science w/ expert faculty at AMS annual meteorology meeting in Portland 6/21.
Have come to the conclusion that what I saw last night was the operatic equivalent to Tommy Wiseau's The Room.
A big thanks to everyone who's given us feedback on the new website - we're working on your suggestions!
stop earthquake!!! please don't take innocent people away
Stop in to Halsted's Bar and Grill tonight (3441 N Halsted) and grab some food and drink, and register for your free FiT tags!
Trying to enjoy life more and worry less.
Once you have learned to love, You will have learned to live. -Unknown
I know. The word 'tincture.' I know.
Plus we've NEVER had roaches... So wtf is she talmbout. Damn near just pissed me off bro.
Q1. I take a Health Supplement.
it's cool. Keep it until you finish. You must!
The trouble with new shoes is that you are suddenly aware of your feet.
Havnt seen in so long im having withdrawels!!!
Yay!! What did you try?
It's funny how the people you think will never walk away.. are the first ones.
If I got 3 happy trees, I'll keep 1 and 2 for you
so man up and come clean
“: are you home?” Just got home Gonna work on the house for a few.
doing good. Not on here as much. Work blocked twitter :(
Stay safe!
To review a side-by-side chart of the new health care law and the anticipated changes to it contained in the budget reconciliation bill,...
Jurassic Skate Park! But really, I don't know what you're talking about...just think it'd be funny seeing dinosaurs skate.
Gah. RIP Steve Jobs. Made the world a better place.
I lost my contacts so text or DM your number. Thanks
All the best for a great race & a rock star performance to the 1 & only ! Kill it at Ironman Melbourne!
let's eat some breakfast!
Studio March Break ! YE
this SNL is monumentally bad. Not sure how. But wow it's bad.
If you want to help me just retwitter one of my message !!!! Like !!!!!
what can you do for a friend who just had 3 seizures? is Panda Express appropriate?
I'm feeling Console as well. Thank you for checking out the site and sharing! Stay in touch and keep sharing good music.
#Marlins unis from Sunday, looked okay -- black cap, orange jersey. Monday's orange cap and black jerseys ... not so much.
I love how people are still hating over Justin. Like grow up, get over yourself. U obviously don't know an amazing person when u see them.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you look in the car next to you and they look back
happy birffffday c:
“: “: hahah yes that was our jam! Ain't no shame in Miley:)” I was cracking up thinking of that! Miss you!”u2
Hand whipped my own mayo for the potato salad. 1st time ever. Used farm fresh eggs too. So good. W/ Ital Sausage rolls and a Sonoma Rose
Have a great show tomorrow. We will all get past this and never have #weWere1PitchAway memories.
I wish I could do nothing but watch the west wing tomorrow....but alas i have to work
Finished up the afternoon by meeting with a faculty member about a potential project. This might have legs!
He's done that before. A blessing actually. MT Hawk Harrelson does not say a word for 63 seconds following walk-off homer
Job Hunt...Its going to be an interesting ride!
In 1970s, fire dept responded to Exxon's lithium battery lab so often they threatened to make Exxon pay for extinguishing chemicals
Leaving on a jet plane...
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange or do for it. Establish your priorities, map out your steps and get to work
yeah make one out to Pmoney also!
Perez booed off the field after giving up 3 runs letting the Jays tie 4-4 in the 9th.
At a wedding so #fun !
ME: life indeed sometimes could simply be 1 and 0! RT : Digital is...how we coexist with and experience the world!
Seniors, thinking of taking out a Bridge Loan? Apply for one now and you could qualify for a 50 basis point reduction!
Denying your dreams and desires is the hardest path anyone could walk. Yet so many of us do it
Good Morning!
#InstantTurnOn Is this trending topic about the Clapper?
Where Tf Is My Mac Miller Shirt !?!? -________-
I love that they understand we are uncomfy or nervous, mine take good care of me an I don't stress going there every 6 months.
Happy New Year everyone!! Catch Mama on You & Me This Morning on WCIU tomorrow morning during the 7:00a hour!!
Told you you never woulda guessed me. (:
Do work !! Fighting today in VA! Definitely one of my favorite fighters to watch
"RT : My first cha cha practice airs this morning! Hope you'll find it funny & entertaining." I know your dance teacher!
Congratulations to for earning the ' Kinsman Award for student-athlete academic achievement!
I was ahead of my time because I was snorting flintstones vitamins back in the day.
Just take a xanax, you'll forget it ever happened.
Funny! My couch has never felt better
no you wouldn't understand cause you're just some rich kid that gets everything handed to you.
Who I am Hates Who I've Been, please understand! This isn't just good bye, this I can't stand you!
If you do, give us a call. RT : I hope I don't get in a very bad car accident today.
last night was fun c;
Very Cool! “: yesterday we discussed the potential use of OHMS with the StoryCorps collection at #SCArchive”
LOLL Hell Yeah!!!
#Obama2012 if u don't like that u can unfollow me now!! Election season has began and Mitt Romney as POTUS is unacceptable.
I am so ready for The Celebrity Apprentice tonight.
": I wanted to tell you that proposed to me.." I bet he didn't even have to get on his knees
I Find It Funny When People Lie Abt Going To Concerts And Such .
#formysweet16 I GOT MY FIRST HICKY..TRY CALIMING U NOT HAVING SEX WITH A HICKY IN YOUR CLEAVAGE
To hear an old lady say "shit" is hillarious ...smh bad grandma
Show time!
Bryant's heating and cooling systems allows you to precisely control temperature, humidity, air quality & ventilation www.dynamichvac.us
Chicken slacks!
Thanks chica. I hope your Monday is going well. I received your email; thanks for the ideas. I will run them by some people. : )
Good thing for me I'm allergic to purses.
New Music Monday
Just made a Twitter! hahha Orlando for The in 4 days :D
i'd actually rather tweet rather than post my status x) me likey this beta than that
is now charging $2 cover, but it's not too crowded.
I won hula hooping contest
Just dropped and broke my eyeshadow in the sink. Instant rage.
Watching Lars and the Real Girl. Forgot about how awkward this movie is.
darn right i am!
hows everyone doing on this rainy saturday?
Your child is pose 2leave u dat means u did a #goodjob and prepared em for the #world lol u would never think it but das from #american dad
Rainy Sunday morning #relaxing I love the weekend
Channel 4 Racing live from Newmarket and Salibury - TV Newsroom
“Wag more. Bark less.” ~ A Good Dog
Dancing On My Own by Robyn to answer your question
Injecting #SCRUM into a development shop that's set in it's ways will only lead to disaster!
“: No one else is in charge of our happiness. We are.”
what? Oh hell no. No naked anyone.
Ok Tweeps, does anyone know where to get a birthday cake made that has a photo on it? Freyboy2 wants one with a map of Middle Earth.
RT If you didn't get noticed in 's chat but you understand
It's an morning: door knocker earrings, cotton candy, lace and gold
about 8 Escondido police cruisers just bolted from missing girl's apt. complex - something must have happened. Live update at 7am on KUSI
Massage is a great way to reduce stress of the holidays. Call Nelson at 305-335-3855 to schedule an appointment.
“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.” Happy Bday dear Dr. Seuss
Putting my plan in motion
Happy 176th birthday Texas!!
: great chat. Let yur fans u & text to pay for yur awesome grill cheese sandos can help with that
what tattoo did u get
FEVERS SUCK. Since I'm in bed all day I'm finta play pokemon aha.
well here in la its been #raining for a week all day and night
Oops yea u said it thats hilarious to me considering ur the biggest liar anyone in this town know u know u have a reputation of being one
In #Canada, if your baby’s premature, he stays in the hospital as long as he needs to, and then you go home.-
the yankees are not the same without you. I know Dan Berrios and would love to see you do a gig out in suffolk.
#SPJ10 prez installation banquet very inspiring. Congrats & thanks to award winners for all your amazing work. Welcome new prez !
I get to jump into 's PLAYING PARKER this weekend. So excited!
control ya liquor
Consensus of passengers on #redline train to Glenmont, "You gotta love single tracking," they say with a groan.
Harriet Fulbright College met yesterday with a South Korean delegation of educators.
EVERYWHERE AND NO WHERE AT THE SAME TIME... LOL HOW ARE YOU CHICA?
Appreciate it, Ryan. And congrats on the little guy. Love the name!
#mahomies go and follow now!:D
well, that's five in a row. i concede. see you in september.
This new hip hop sucks. Can I get a retweet if its true
yeah, I don't want to get dramatic about it...but I'm totally about to throw myself into a freakin laser beam
Man coolidge need 2 change the drees code it be 150 degrees nd we got fuckin jeans like wat type off shit is
no idea, i didnt listen this morning .. what makes ya say that?
One of my favorite late night shows has to be
So I know most of my friends have never had a dinner reservation in their life. But id like to thank the people @ Kyoto for waiting an hour!
Cats aren't pets. They're assholes.
Shout Out My GIRL>>>
im listening to a bumch a TYGA and ive been hearing some songs and they werr so
Good morning guys n dolls, have a beautiful and nice day xoxo
my jaw literally dropped when I seen how cute you look in that!!! <33333
What will tweet next? #GoTeriGo! :)
I believe no matter what.. that's what fans do right ? ♥
yes and no.. i dont wanna put his biz on twitter
My new iphone cannot get here quick enough! I feel like my life has been put on pause since mine was stolen. Ugh.
thank you for following!
Off to school :l ...Hope the weekend comes FAST! (:
I just love the #irony in this: our Sunday performance was the #showchoir singing in the
This. “: Lets go Caps”
Way to go! Forced game 5!!!
and young chop beats are the shit na huh? what music are yawll listening to? sound like the same ol shit to me....
Teresa is playing the same song over an over again. Omg.
Currently listening to: "Knife" Sotelo - Maravilla Gangs ft. L. Bullet, Loony, Buzz, & Negro
If you could go back in time what would you change?
Never trust a nigga that wears fila... or k swiss!
Why is it wrong to go up to a random woman & tell her "I love your tits."? It's a compliment.
#girlwhyyou even trying everyone know your fake
That's even short enough to be a hashtag, though I like #forscienc better. "Look at me still talking when there's scienc to do"?
And this is why you're my friend.
that is correct.
i am convinced localizing food sourcex could save our economy... and our souls??
Agreed- #HCG gorge can stink, eating junk food all days makes u really think about the ppl who do that everyday. Ugh!
just today I was singing along w/ Dixie Chicks greatest hits purchased at Target; I already own all the albums.
why don'tcha?
If lib'ship is based on curating (selection, pres, deselection, etc.), but inclusion is the order of the day, what to do now?
Thanks for sharing! :)
OK, done with Babby quotes tonight, will have more tomorrow night!
He be smelling like straight up bud , now he trynna sale it -__- ugly ass
I know what you mean, Berthine! It definitely takes some getting used to. and I dont wear unless i have time for full face!
lean startup book is my new favorite hand out to clients - need to buy in bulk
Sex.Love.Control.Vanity.
ur birthday was fabulous :)
#PeopleLikeUs gets knocked down but always rise again
yes. they always have a surplus at extended ST.
RT - The NFL has four teams that use alliteration: Tennessee Titans, Seattle Seahawks, Buffalo Bills, and the Jacksonville...
. Hell Day Two: automated phone system requires an SSN or policy member. Won't accept my SSN and I'm only calling to get the policy #!
I need to do some serious de-cluttering and spring cleaning. Every few months I need to change up my workspace to jumpstart productivity!
Now I know what it means when people say Felipe is disinterested defensively.
"The first and great commandment is: Don't let them scare you." Redesign Thursday! Bring it! Voodoo
long shot into second!
Puppies are born without teeth. Puppies develop a full se of primary teeth by 3 weeks of age (28 in total)
"Don't ask God to guide your footsteps.. if you're not willing to move your feet"
thanks for the suggestion! will try to add it to our LibGuide
usually when I hear people say "fuck bitches get money" I automatically assume that they have none of the two.
I'm starting a bank called Dominic's Bank. If y'all want to open an account swing by my apt at like 9. Also I'm hiring tellers. Tell friends
your rapping skill is mediocre at best. You have alotta work to do. And I wouldn't do music videos without the proper equipment
Please RT: Is doing some amazing work for kids with Autism. Thanks guys!
It's because they play with Pouh all day!!
May contest still going on. All purchases are entered to win a free copy of MLB The Show '12. RT
Just beat at her own game: Relating Friends references to everyday life...she blew it.
Thank you! and "Thats what she said!" haha sorry!
Anyone else think the animated chipotle ad playing in movie theaters is a bit creepy? If I were a pig, I wouldn't wanna enter one of those..
i give up. i have nothing left. i tried, i failed. i'm done.
It'll be a miracle when I sleep through the #night. And what's up with these #baddreams? Kinda #freaking me out. Wonder what they mean?
John Brady reminds me of the coach on Fresh Prince.
she addicted to bags, im addicted to shoess.
So happy there's only one week of school left
♪Porno And Snuff Films - Squawk Among Us
ADVICE: - If you were thinking about someone while reading this, you're definitely in Love.
No need to write tonight... the boys on Madison Ave are gonna do the heavy lifting. me and get to indulge in
Dr. Patty Olson challenging vet med paradigms at #SNIPSummit - need to evolve and continue to challenge each other.
Monica's mentions would be dead RT : If we had Twitter during the Bill Clinton fiasco... maynnnnn!
one of mine did that too, around the same time
thx for the shout! we need all the help we can get :)
Impressed with the Zite app...need to be an iPhone user, but it's still pretty good
better make sum happen, cuz closed mouths don't get fed.
that's beautiful!!
All day cut the check RT Poor planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on mine.
