: I'm really pulling for your enjoyment.
everyone looking for update on #UHbsb for today follow he is engineering the game from the ESPN 1500 studios
i get to see you saturday! :D
What's your favorite post workout shake??
drupal gives you more flexiblity through the fields, panels, and views modules - killer stuff
oh god now thats you and ange.
what it do bro
When things go wrong, don't go with them.
it happened at a restaurant...only in Lima will you see that lol
Remembering a man who died to remind us that goodness trumps evil and that forgiveness and mercy is more powerful than sin.
Thanks for the RT You guys rock!
RT : Hallmark Creative Internships app deadline on 3/1! Tell your friends...
Huzzah! Looks like just tapped Sixpoint Apollo (LIMITED RELEASE)!
no she doesn't !
lmao Murphy Lee
Thanks, Mark! Got an early present in the form of an offer on my second book. Hope things are great in WA.
There's still hope! GO DAWGS!!
I believe there should be an open hunting season on anyone who says "The client decided to go in a different direction."
Chipotle was good
Come see The Mind Creatures Live this Thursday 10/20 at the Drunken Unicorn! ...get with it or get lost....
Id trade my hair to be a woman
I apologize, I don't recollect your name. xo
Want to win 2 tickets to the Super Bowl? Ipad? Check us out at www.playffnow.com
If you could change your body and be as tall or thin as you wanted, but had to get a whole new face, would you?
TONS of emails flying around to plan for #TeachingAmericanHistory 2012! DCPS #socialstudies teachers are in for a treat!
MITT ROMNEY will need PAUL KRUGMAN to help him END HIS DEPRESSION NOW when PAUL RYAN stabs him in the back. This is a NEVER ENDING STORY.
ESPN's Merrill Hodge believes the quarterback position is overrated. Um.. what?
get yourself tested for HIV. Call 1-800-232-4636 for test sites
“: My assistant is the best! Intelligent, creative & hard working...perfect fit for ”
Saw the del rey snl performances & am now not so sure
#SuperSaturday have a great day :)
Pick a Thursday in Feb or March. We'd love to have you back
Ok, well I called every hospital in orlando and he isnt there...
Give/get-off language uninviting. Time, talent, treasure w 50% of board that can make impact gift.
I'm great just been busy! How you doing :)
sounds like you need to get back in touch with nature! hah
just this week?
aw thank you darlin :)
I'll walk slow, take my hand, help me on my way.
hi, Amy. Thanks for following and hello from CA.
Smart Girl! Will adopt your strategy for Forum RT: You figured out my power plugs in the from of the room strategy!
“: The warm-up jackets, by the way, are the best feature. National titles listed on the back.” agreed
When I get back to the city, Balthazar breakfast?
Thank God is my Friday, I could use some R&R.
You should have had her next to a newspaper, like a hostage photos
Another beautiful day in detroit. *side eyes *
If you think sex is a pain in the ass, try different position.
im obsessed w/ Justins new song
Why is the truth so hard to find?
Do you have a Facebook Fan Page but, not sure if it's real.(:
Chris Wolf privacy panel: New EU regs would say comments I make about someone else are that person's property.
I put my all into my music... If u can understand that then ur on the right road to understanding me
#AskIL13 Would you support a negative flat income tax?
Then I wonder if what other people say, is true. I don't like mirrors. I get upset with my image. Because I won't be pretty or decent.
Hell yeah its cool! haha RT : has a cool ass wallpaper
waiting for to Pass her COC test!! :)
stop fooling around and finish it you fool!
#FF I think your birthday is coming up or something.
STOP. TAUNTING. RT : Hot cookies! Hot cookies! Get your hot Chocolate Cookies!
I am not tired at all right now.
Come join us March 7th Stanza for our networking event. Frank Traynor&Steve Leshinski will be speaking on the Sag-Aftra merger. Be there
I want to see that! Sounds amazing.
Follow DC High School Athletics - Statewide Athletics - We are on the Move!! DC Youth Rock!!
Ah home from school BORING though slept through All 7 classes
lol that sucks
Enjoying my new book , The Mantle Of Easter by Larry Christenson .. Where he breaks down the story of Easter and relate it to intercession.
Who are you talking to? O___o
I sure hope it will be my book, Clouds Across the Sun. Can't wait to hear from you. Ellen
over packing is better than under packing
wearing fake glasses so you can look hipster
Cop- " Anything you say will be held against you." Me- "HARRY ZAYN NIALL LOUIS AND LIAM!".
Just did! RT : Just met IRL today- what a great gal! Follow her... she is going places!!!
thanks, lady! it definitely feels super exciting!! :)
Love it! MT #leagueofsuperheroes RT Can I start a nonprofit with all these amazing young profs? ISNgen
Office closed Thursday & Friday. Getting ready for turkey, shopping & putting up the 'ole Christmas tree.
“: Harvey Updyke is gonna poison Alabama's kicker.” lololol
when I lived in Indiana, Penn NEVER got beat like that!
hahahahaha oh Roulan do we have a story for you
Stop by tonight for our Sip, Shop & Send from 6 pm to 8 pm
I wish I could be a tumblr girl, all gorgeous, perfect, and famous :/
Learning about Fiber to the Desktop.
start to get familiar with us. We ll be all over the city! New single and music video "Wild Style" coming very soon.
Glad you found the #energy efficiency tips helpful!
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring
3 count em 3 NYU bands tonight at the beloved Bowery Poetry Club and and Peter Wise 10pm
Come down for fresh-made chile or cream of mushroom soup at Lotties.
You know how famous people don't have to handle their twitter accounts? How does someone get that job? "I'm a wicked good texter.."
Thanks for the shout out! RT Librarian new to Twitter --> Everyone follow
Finished another "Mardi Gras" edition of CUT-IT OUT RECYCLED T's..POP!
okay cool ill check you guys out
i remember when everyone could play that #Grinding beat. and you were the stuff if u could switch it up.
In Houston now. Working as Webmaster for the Harris County Department of Education. Seems I'm on a tour of major Texas cities. lol
Who is the dogs favourite comedian? Growlcho Marx!
Consolation update: Roll reversal after period 2. Score still tied at 0, but Mounds View outshot Grand Rapids/Greenway 16-3
Whats planned as far as any rehab or throwing program?
Dood I think thats my next purchase I keep hesitatin cuz the Tempest kind of has the same specs but w/6 voices & w/o as many buttons
the game is about to start !
Getting ready to work out “: my pleasure, thank you also.. I am good just up for my morning coffee with fruit toast and you?”
in other words - fuck diamond!
better late than never :-)
#RESPECT RT : yall got it .... put them boys to rest!
How do you compare a pimp, a preacher and a club owner?
I'm so new to instagram xD wow do I feel stupid.. Follow me<3 taralovesyoucx ..
thanks. Would love to ship it up your way, but less than a truckload refrigerated gets awful pricey.
Also, thanks to the flight attendant on 166 out of Nashville who led us in a rollicking spinoff of Proud Mary--made my day.
That's the ticket. RT : What an unproductive day #oops tomorrow I am living in the library
School of Rock @ 3 Kings Tavern,
": no problem! the color of your hair is rad too :D" My mom said it stands out
Parenthood finale tonight!!!!
Up early? Then catch Marty Bass on WJZ-TV 13 tomorrow at 6:45am, as he interviews Vincent de Paul and features Di Pasquale's
50% off at Marni. You don't even need to love Marni. You just need to like it okay. Or not hate it. I'm just sain.
thanks for wishing me a great day! you2!
Roger Sterling really didn't use the term "impactful," did he? Wasn't that term invented in, like, 2009?
Beware of the ides of March... :)
is everything good now?
Feeling deprived of the amount of Sun owed to you? Take a stand against unfair Sun distribution! Signature: ______
All this twitter talk of ribs has inspired me to smoke some pork spareribs. 6 hrs later I will find out if the inspiration was worth it
MARCO ANDRETTI FLYING IN A INDYCAR IN LONG BEACH AT THE TOYOTA GRAND PR...: via
why do you give up? It's all good!!! Lol
MAN: Holy crap! Look at your wall! ME: That's someone's Twitter page- a photo collage background. MAN: How do you keep track of all that?
Have a good night #TeamCarrie and #TeamLauren I love you all -Sandi <3
Transformers was pretty bad ass.
Oh Yeah! I'm following your Oak Creek and Menonomee Falls stores.
Audio, Video, Disco (Latin for I hear, I see, I learn)
well I have my fingers crossed for you!
Due probably to the power outages and storm on the East Coast, the Into the Light Walk website is temporarily down.
I would too. Hahaha RT “: "Honestly I want my wedding to be at least a hundred grand" ”
In reading and argue that NFL honors should apply to CFHOF, think the same applies to Scott Thomas' AF career
Happy New Year to everyone =) I won't be on later so I'm wishing now lol
Deep breath. Deep breath. Ready, set, go.
on the Bolt Bus back to NYC
New mission: acquire tickets from the Pabst box office
verse done son! Holler back
Or maybe, she's just in bitch mode.
Let me know. Interested.
Hey, I think you're
I feel a little bad bc he was so nice. But running people out is a tough business, gotta keep emtions out of it ;)
Hi bucket!! We r camping, last min trip w/ just our families, we hope to plan something w/ everyone in October!
u experience ur own courage.u rise 2 da occasion.u evn invite confrontation bcse thts wht is needed 2 resolve a situation.stay up and on top
shhhhh 😘 *kisses your forehead*
RT We are training graduate students for TT positions that will not exist! #omla #MLA12 . This is most powerful msg of
The more you hide your feelings, the more they show. The more you deny your feelings the more they grow.
-.- you guys,it's not the truth;P
that just pmtfo
Maybe you should speak with him as a "brother" and discuss "compassion" to allow people to have rights
july 13-15 jacket is on sat. The 14th
i took a picture of myself and i looked like Josh Hutcherson's little sister...yeah i wish i was that attractive
Why nobody textin me?
#Browns here again at No. 22. This one is tricky....Let's throw out Kendall Wright or Doug Martin or surprise Brandon Weeden
that's way better than anything I'm doing right now...
Finally school is over :)
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13" & rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
and I only got 3 hours of sleep last night. Ugh. God bless us!
Ohare is a vegetarians nightmare
“: but don't the pain feel good”<<< YES!
#devilsadvocate from the journalist/museum consumer perspective :)
Malinowski: after Bassiouni report people asking when will it be implemented?
#20ThingsAboutMe I love
But gotta love #concernedmom remark aw sweet "mom" you are! =D Nite
good morning my beautiful future thank u for a wonderful night mwah xoxo have a blessed day
dev aint get on that that was rob
that looks like Terry.
now i just dm ya
I'm sorry please don't be mad.
*fangirls* RT : our friends at are dropping a little gem tomorrow... #hooliganstunein RT
tY Paul :) May your ride be bump free :)
some girls are so predictable
who did some thing to his twets r a little upset sounding...i kick yo a$$
RT : Charlotte area & surrounding area under Tornado Watch until 4 p.m.
Brittany PrettyPocahontas Moore & Travoris Ray'Kell Moore Tell Ya'lls momma i said Thank you for the Mac N Cheese!! It was Delish:D
He is awsome!!
My Mom used to let us listen to pretty much whatever we wanted. She'd never let me go see , though!
At work wit non to do buisness been slow for the last couple of days! // work 10-4:30pm.
Wow alright British girl came across the pond and nabbed the #grammy award for best song! Go
OMG i am so sorry. wtf! when did that happen???
they make money day in and day out and we have to support the post office.
Hey #confab12 - is in your presence as a volunteer and she is FANTASTIC. Seek her out, you won't be sorry! :)
okay; fair; I agree with you
I am still painting flowers for you.
Dempsey, Altidore, Bradley, Bocanegra, & Howard looked great! Klinnsman affirmed & I'm stoked to see history!
"Neither a borrower nor a lender be."
Felt like niggas was stuntin on me. Funny how I'm flyer than them all.
That awkward moment when you don't have anything to say..
Don't you love when people don't text you back at the most awkward times. Like hmm, maybe i shouldnt have said that? Haha
yep. I could do any half hour between 10:30-12:00 EST
We have seen these situations in the past, and it did not work out well for the student athlete. I hope it works out for Bazz.
Sausage run was the perfect cure for my hangover
bro I don't remember leaving
I remember.
you finished?! Don't tell me I'm starting today!
Focus now is on edu software - taking a collaborative approach to info gathering & purchasing that engages stakeholders & streamlines
thanks so much for following! :) xo
#ShoutOutToTheGirlsThat don't get on my nerves
White castle for dinner per dad's request<<<<
Oh wow! Nice.
:) thanks Sharon :) glad things are going Good! take care :)
anytime! I'm just a text away (:
that would be great
maybe ya won't maybe ya will but baby you're still bout as real as a three dolla bill
Does this happen to anyone else? People look up our phone number so they can call and ask for a different phone number.
Fascinating talk tonight by on history/motivation behind Facebook's open graph. Feels like the future of Facebook. Tx FB Seattle!
Tell me why we argue over the same things .
How come my hair always looks awesome when none is around to see it?
Jack White
I Cried When the holy spirt came down on me last night, God is so Good !
Attending:Russ Reid Missions Development and Leadership Conference
lmfao. Aw I gotta pay though? I can't get a discount?
Come on Stanford. Take advantage of that Ducks fumble. Gotta make this count.
Men shouldn't get mad when a woman argues with him, instead, he should worry when she stops.
spring training will be here before you know it!
I like future & 2 chains now :)
Welcome Fran! It's great having you!
phone + shower = this tweet ;) hopefully i dont drop it though D:
#1: #CRM is all about adoption. Data management is everyone's responsibility. Systems don't fail, ppl do. Must manage data process.
White meat or dark meat? ... What's dark meat? ... Oh Jess, how I love you!
ooh, sounds interesting! It seems reasonable that it could go either way, depending on reason for doing so.
Thanks for the RT and for following back :D
What do U say when U don't know what to say? Like I just don't know the fucking words...
Airborne & out.
follow me
me & Tupac playing speed . who got winners ? LMFAO ! ♥
His voice rippled the shadows. He was astonished to hear how bright he sounded, syllables like sparks.
You too. An important debate for all, probably off twitter sometime.
Stop sending me porno's of elephants...
your "messages"
LOL! Only you. RT : Why do cereals have such sexually suggestive names? Frosties..Honey Smacks..Crunchy Nut..Coco Puffs...?
Bored af , ain't nothing to do , if you want the number ask
Have you found a solution for your #Cloud needs? Check out our sponsors here, at the #CloudFairSeattle Expo Reception, and I bet you will!
I can imagine. Saw Mets v. Phillies @ Shea once. I was scared by the fans on both sides! Much different than CA games.
Enjoying our first iced coffee of the season!
At with and for the game. Let's go Caps!!!
loved seeing them beat Marquette. Coming from a #cuse fan living in Wisconsin!
r33c3: Writing up a report on the "Diversity in Leadership: Gen X -- The Changing Paradigm" session. Anyone have notes they want to shar ...
To be mature and wise, you have to be young and stupid.
yeah prob i almost missed it
We're teaching Fake ID & Outlaw tonight at 8:15! Join us on the dance floor & learn some new moves! ;)
Follow my viddy guys just started one :D MsVioletMarie
job on Chuck T show,good luck from one of those out-of-staters-Interested in your race,state and career
it's probably a book published by Penguin.
Pretty shitty out
They are the gifts of the most high God, who ...
RT : Luc to Manny: "You're terrible. Stop being terrible."
And when I look down I just see The Real Dick. RT When I look down I just see BOOBS :-)
Discernment is not about feelings or emotions. It's about being sensitive to what God is trying to impart to you.
Im late....lol
Have I ever introduced you two? You have many interests in common, & I suspect you might collab on insulin data stuff.
in the lab workin on hits and gettin ready for the biggest ungerground birthday bash ever Room
Where do you find the time to write? Can you squeeze a few words out at work, do you write when the spirit moves you or do you set word per…
Hands down this is the lamest #BGC ever. These weak ass females.
Harriet Fulbright College is busy preparing a new selection of classes to be offered beginning this Fall..coming soon
Sorry, kids, just can't get into Harry Potter mania. Also, wish I had a nectarine.
Any recs for gurus who can teach how to post pictures on Twitter?
Taking advantage of the groupon deal at Tackle Box. Psyched for the crabcake sandwich!
Keep your thoughts on good things and they will find their way to you...really :>
Im bout to call the paparazzi on myself
Wendy Stephens is speaking on E-books at the building level
..and for those of you who don't know, my favorite movie is now The Proposal...and I WILL marry a guy like Ryan Reynolds lol ;-)
I just saw a dog dead on the road. I might need therapy.
Too often we give children answers to remember rather than problems to solve.” Roger Lewin
Let's make some magic this weekend.
I love it when Jimmy Rollins does that !!!
When your boobs hurt while you're working out. #bigboobprobs need to wear two sports bras.
S/O to my 100th follower yo!!
He has a right to an opinion like everyone else, particularly since he played the game.
Telling myself to persevere all this just my babe
You know someone got fuckef up when they fly the helicopter in.
hey u had a busy day huh? Appreciate u takin a min to say hi. How u doing now?
lets go to prison-walking dead edition
Glad to hear that . . . RT not too bad. hahah!
Just Announced: this Friday at Redamte Coffee House! Come check out Madison's newest coffeehouse w/ great music, food, & drinks!
you know im kidding
COME BACK!
Uhhhohhh, does someone want to tussle with J-Cob here..? :o hahahhaha
Why did I spend 2 hours looking at iphone cases?
Headed to chitown to see our guy
thanks for coming! Did you get any cheese curds?
Is safe strap supposed to run? It crashes when I try to start it... Does it need root?
Sleepying vs. Studying.... Hm, decisions decisions
LOL!!! But of course
Could be. Not going to respond to it, regardless.
Bot 9: King 2, Churchill 2. King starting P Justin Sanchez allows bad-hop single to start inning then strikes out the side.
man that would be Fing nice. Killa thats the winner tonight. Jump on the bandwagon.
its been a good day .
...and a lovely song they sing!
Peter Chang. Really good.
Wow Nikki, knock much?~
Just wait till you graduate - then they REALLY come after you. They think you have money then.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you mess up my nails after I just finished painting them!
I had G talk for like a second then removed it from my phone, wasn't interested, hehe
It's called a laptop.
CITY BENEATH THE BERMUDA TRIANGLE; Mt. Shasta, CA; the Ashtar Command; fairies; bigfoot; spontaneous human combustion;
me to! Blizzard
Sometimes I wish my brain had an off switch so I might actually get something accomplished...like I don't know maybe sleep!!
Meek mill voice irritating
HOLLAND = Hope Our Love Lasts And Never Dies
Anybody know why a KLM 747 was parked at today? Was that the honor flight or ???
Among the other esteemed panelists at this event is our Baltimore colleague Cathy Watson from
Chicken pox. Now I know parents must choose the vaccine to avoid going stir crazy with an itchy kid. Is it almost over? Homebound day 6.
Lets go GIANTS🏆 bring it home
Way too hot for Tennis.
Im folowing u and every one else in fuckin world with 5 fuckin followers
The more work i bang out the closer i get to California dreaming...
Kaizen: Kai (change) + Zen (good) = a system of continous improvement. What does that look like?
oat-flavored oatmeal! cc:
Ate a huge turkey burger.
Stay classy #Arizona football.
Can u all please please wish my friend a happy b-day please
Thanks so much for the kind words, Sandra! Hope you enjoy COVENANT!
it's the drum in 's we are young that makes the wrong song S/O to
“Think globally, act locally.”
from now on everything i do it got to be to da max
Anyone here like one direction?
Lets go Michigan
#TallyRelay4Life, let's get it trending!
Katie and I share musicians like little kids share toys.
CHIPOTLE is a madhouse. They literally don't have space for the line inside. And yes we all wait......and wait.
who you like in the fight tonight?
my dad did mine #notcomplaining maybe a new spoon? Can never get enough of those.
my tweeter fans have been asking about my book. i promise i'm still working on it - except i must add a chapter on starting a talent agency.
I want Sarah Palin and Christine O'Donnell to have their own talk show. We'll call it "Vapid and Vapider"
Story tellers for the 11/21 "We are Family: Stories about the Ties that Bind" include a woman whose brother is in prison. Tix
self-rejection
Why do I always let this happen?
Wow Borders filed Chapter 11... very interesting.
I like texting people who actually text real convos, and and not just "k, yup, yeah, k, I know, yeah, cool, lol.."
I got u. Maine u got all tht money and u want 10 dollar. But I got u wen I cum in.
claritan is your friend - feel better!!
U can b my baby girl !
...patton (1970) + quetin tarantino + cocaine + ego = inglorious bastards...
Looks like a fiddlin' cheerleader all that pompon hangin' from the bow. OMG I am going deaf.
UK AND MSU both #1 seeds!
Jimmy the Greeks OOB 1-4 5$ skating, rocking, art auction, food.TODAY! BE THERE
the Bm dont fuck with me no more :-(
I'm very disappointed #WhiteSoxAllTheWay It's a good thing I'm not a hater otherwise we would have some serious issues⚾
I have tickets to watch a twilight exclusive interview in us. If anybody's interested feel free to TALK TO ME
Please follow my new account ===> I'am already following u.
I need more followerz
I missed soo much today. <3
Hope you got your Lichi by now. WE would love to hear from you on how you go with the products. Keep us posted & good luck!
u have some apps on ur site that r questionable. would u consider tightening ur criteria or will u curate all?
The advantage of a classical education is that it enables you to despise the wealth that it prevents you from achieving.
That was a joke. I haven't had an Internet connection in eight months. Finally signed up for Comcast.
i mean what other tee u going to send me? I was gettin the Red Prime shirt and the white and miltary blue TGIF shirt
Happy Friday everyone!
okay that's true. I would prefer that you aren't stressing at all but its unavoidable. Obv school should come first
You mean there's more than one guy out there doing this? Now that is the truly horrifying part.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can pull of a _________________ in #fashion?
Why isn't it Friday night right meow!? #partyswag 🍻
I appreciate the support. For my next act, Cop & I will spend the afternoon cuddling & watching
I love you tons.Say to Mamma G that i wished her i happy mothers day.Shes Lovely.<3
When boys push you up against the wall and kiss you.
what I said was "Oh". what I was thinking was "bitch".
First week of work was great!
Duly noted good sir! Have had many requests for reserved seating. It won't be the very first thing, but hoping to get there!
When you have a flask, every hour is happy hour.
u should be at "In and Out" burger...and bring me one thanks lol :)
You might want to go online and maybe buy 's new comedy special. It cost $5 and it is kind of funny
Bring moss in to lock up #1 cb so wallace can meet the ball in the endzone, all day long!
“I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.”- Groucho Marx
The one with nothing to hide is always the one left standing tall.
People are always more important than numbers. Happy people make happy numbers...which make even more people happy.
Boston should start consulting with their financial advisers, because they aren't getting past Philly.
so much fun!! Ridiculous
i will be streaming later on today with the gas mask challenge please to come on by when I do go online thanks all
Jeremy needs to get over it. If the #Royals were actually doing something then he'd skip out on his show I'm sure.
I just earned the Sharing is Caring badge on #Yelp!
The beginning to somebody that I used to know makes me want to dance in a drum circle!
Watching NEDS on #TFF online, reminds me of C.R.A.Z.Y., the first indie film I can remember seeing. In a good way.
According to our tipmaster, we've passed 218 tips in Q3! Stay tuned for our Q3 earnings -
I think my internet woes are finally over! ...for now
god, family and money!!!!!! lol
#NFL preparing to use replacement officials in 2012 if labor dispute continues ...
Where "We" Going this weekend :) Lol
Worlds of fun...
Please say you're getting a honey badger.
Many thanks for the RT's!
Didn't know this app posted all my concert schedules on twitter. Oh well, at least I have good taste in music.
I been waiting all day for you to call me baby <3
Its my birthdaay tomorrow.. Uhhm... Ive been trying to get a tweet since like 1912... Make my birthda wish come true? :)
Happy 100,000 miles to our Subaru Outback!! Cheers to many more!
You're the last person I should ever take advice from.
How's KC going? Would love for you guys to hook up w/ my KC friends and Jody. Awesome couple!
that used to be my FAVORITE!! they still sell the seasons on DVD
I can't wait to go to Seattle. I'm getting my ticket ASAP.
I gotta say Sanders is doing great on Dwight
thanks guys!! Right back atcha!
M, Piece. Want your logo circulating on keychains around the city? Then join us for launch. It's free. DM for more info!
One of my life goals is to create a sausage map of the world.
Don't forget your baby tomorrow
how the fuck DID I lose nearly 15 pages of script! I hate re-writing from memory
Provide an online evaluation survey at the start of your event to give attendees time.
what? i haven't watched the latest yet. now you have me worried. all walter is precious to me
Nick Knight!<33
Happy Easter! Hope everyone has a wonderful day! And be safe!
Congrats! That's so awesome!!
This is the game
What's your first piece of advice to someone moderately fit getting ready to expand their exercise regimen?
or it may just be one ref, not totally sure. The royals are in town next week. Not sure if you noticed...
haha thats good to here i digs the faithfulness lol but yes we suppose to Ms. Mona Lenci
we just finished loading up the car and about to leave. What about y'all?
Are you busy mon sunday so we can get started on it? its may 1st by the way
Not asleep yet.
oh, I'm only 16 about to be 17. I ment done with school as in summer vacation Hahaha:)
Thank you! RT : Posted the info to the GovLoop Librarians group.
I'll say it before Jim does ... what is Minecraft? If it works, it works. How do kids w/o computers learn? Is it a crutch?
all i said was 'yeah like 10 seconds ago' I don't see how that's anything!
How Did Angel Die?
Looking at the new Jean-Georges cookbook makes us want to run to the store and get cooking! #home cooking with jean-georges
5K! I just finished a 3.11 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
“: Just laid down sick rhymes with this Doritos rap is the shit”
HOLLER-GRAM
Poll - what book(s) do you recommend for an 11-year-old girl? Curating list for my awesome colleague
Rocking the boots on night 2 as a true tennessean!
So I got a lil better with AVID!! Saturdays are THE BEST DAYS TO COME IN...BUT NOW IM SUPER HUNGRY
Kind of love those random 'likes' from people you haven't talked to in years when you post a photo or inspiring quote on #FB ..
Thank you for the tweet!
Wtf is this?
Would LOVE for you to start an edu180la -- have everything you'd need to do so! Let's Skype at some point...cheers!
I guess you could say that. I'm an alcoholic I think... But I like smoking more haha
mom (4 missed calls) oh man im in deep shit...
U CAN TELL BY THE LOOK IN MY EYES #FOCUSED WITH A PLAN
I agree. Why do people tweet players and tell them to come to UK. Why would someone listen to a person on Twitter
Everyone needs to vote for #TeamRochee you know there's nobody better!!!
Any first time buyers out there!! Now is really the time to buy...low rates, high inventory & eager sellers. The real estate markets needs u
Hey toya how are you? I have some ??? Please inquire with me at When you get a minute. Thanks
💛 you too
so true!
that's why they have interviews after the video .
Thanks , , and Call us for debris removal and ground cover deliveries.
Thank U! RT : that's so awesome! Seriously if u ever need help I would be glad to do anything
is completely amazing!! and i LOVE her!! She is the sweetest. Friends?
My Fav songs!! Hit the lights See no more It girl Run the world Better with the lights off Take over control Good life Pretty girls !!!
“: things to avoid: being a third wheel”
At NPR with Emilie of #KCUR . Talking digital strategies with NPR Digital and a handful of great folks from member stations.
ha wow, you have a lot of catching up to do. It just keeps getting better and better too
Wow! thanks for the pic !
great tip! I was just fighting my Kindle Fire and USB last night and I don't have a pref between that and the iPad.
The Flyers need to stop scoring first
If it was possible to get a T.U.I (tweeting under the influence) I would be blowing a .42 BAC.
This tall ref sucks man.
I hate when I rent a car the radio is tuned to all crappy stations. First thing I do in a new city is find some ROCK!
Qutips are a #makeup artists best friend!!!
-answers it & yells-
My problem is that I use my own understanding/preparation as a measuring stick for theirs. And that's not fair to them.
weird, i mihgt be going to n cali
Well, it is decided that I will be failing my geometry SOL tomorrow. There is no doubt about it in my mind.
SOME Black Girls Rock and SOME Black Girls Hip-Hop either way, it's about the music!! Good Music that is!!
pretty sure like even teenager is the tri state area is watching the news because of and
We've got 'em in our gift shop - the Bravo Shop! RT : Hit em' up! : how do I get a Cincinnati pops bowtie?
U never know til u try
good gig if you can get it
Saturday night I might be at the Baldwins. I'll call you. Sunday, Mark and I are driving to see my mom and grandmothers.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Looks cozier than my apartment.
Soaking Up Some Vitamin D; Getting My Tan On.
have tried a few of them between 05-07. 07 RRV surprised me. Darn good. Somewhat inconsistent. Has flirted with overripeness.
Thank you! :) Happy New Year!
A nice run around the freshman center while gym class is outside makes me feel...creepy.
ah I love you thank you!(:
Just wana lock myself inn a room and never come out .
Does Spotify have a classical music library as well??
Throwing the baseball in the back yard and laying out all day makes it feel like summer 💙☀⚾👙
She drivin' me crazy
Rock chalk Jayhawks!!!
First experience in San Antonio from a cab, loved the text message receipt and touch signature!
We love having you RT : never fails to remind me just how much I love to dance.
"Document Type Declarations were intended for validators, not browsers." I'm reading "HTML 5 for Web Designers" by Jeremy Keith.
We need a resolution!!!!
“: I bleed orange year round, but I pledge allegiance to the #BBN today! #SECAlways” love and appreciate the support Go Cats!
Thank you for clearing that up....
got grilled catfish again at Mama's Cafe today for lunch.
yeah haha but that means the heat and the celtics basically get free passes to the conference finals... That's cool
Critically Acclaimed is a record label.Our artists get their hot beats from MADSIONTIST PRODUCTIONS & other beat makers.
for me, talking to is like talking to a brick wall :( why don't you see my tweets Austin? :(
The top 4 countries still using death penalty -Iran, North Korea, Yemen and United States. Aren't we proud to be in such great company!!!
hahaha that kinda funny
Yeah, is it until close? I'm coming in at 4 to help with the setup, but if I gotta stay from 4 until whenever then I'm game.
Ha! What a small world! That's too funny.. I have a lot of memories of playing lacrosse v Liggett! #puremichigan :)
Case throws the ball away while under pressure. 4th and 10 with 2:21 to go.
Another day.. Ready to take over the world.
I still feel bad giving midterms..well not as bad as taking them
Have you ever wanted to grab someone through the Internet and slap the shit out of them?
but but but but I thought there was a "we" instead of a "you" and "I". 😰
Good points on the blogger issue from yesterday's discussion. It's an interesting topic.
you and your friends are too cute(:
RT : Giving away lots of AMAZING #gifts once we hit 50K followers! Who's ready to RT and have some fun! :)
I would love you forever! Haha
great tweets sorry to see you go but no follow back
Yes! If we win this year, then the Mayans were surely correct about it all
So ESPN is putting 'los' in front of teams names as part of Latin Night? Wow, why not put an 'o' after the name too?
O o u nasty girl I call u baby sleaze/ya monkey stankin o I smell a lil cottage cheese #watchtheJuggernaut lmfao
This is great.
Having a great day! Perfect way to end the work week... really needed today to turn out this way.
Jazzy follow me i'm your big fan #Jazzers xoxo ♥
I tweeted a lot yesterday :) and that's rare lol I think Ima start tweeting more :)
“: Love when people dont txt me back>>>” haha luv hm!! who r u talking about??
I heard you got a hair cut..Is this true? Post a picture?
hopefully next Tuesday I'll be there!!!
good one allan. You should tweet for a living.
So excited to host Festival & Exhibition in Nov/Dec!
#HappyCincoDeMayo Have FUN tonight Mi Gente xo!
You Da One that I think about all day.lol Yo Nephs Rihanna is hard.
#KeepCalm&CarryOn attempts to put its finger on the sorry mess we're in & moving forward from that, what can make life truly worthwhile <3
I just bought Disney Pixar's Toy Story 2 for ps1. I used to play this game when I was a child. I'm bracing myself for all this nostalgia.
Ahh that's a good one! :)
Don't forget it is also prom today- lets make good choices and take care of each other!
trying really hard NOT to let myself go shopping today...
Trusting you was my decision, proving me right is your choice.
My bitch is super fly..
good ole Chevys :)
Good Afternoon! I hope you're having a great day!
hola again... nj connect
We have a new server ready - vpn-ws4 OpenVPN (SSL) server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
I haven't tweeted you in so long . Hi. :)
I don't like the color of my Toms
what's up pimp...nice meeting u last night...hit me up whenever...
you need to follow
in Ken Jeong's voice from the Hangover?
RT RT House Music is one of the best things man can create....
welcome to
is on her way home from seeing her oldest (and arguably coolest) friend. Best distraction ever. ;)
just saw you guys up at MGM and respectfully didnt say hello. Hope the biginning of your stay in the DIRTY D has been great
@ Reliant Center the H&G Market starts TODAY at 2:00!! Come join us THIS weekend, register for free tickets
#DWTS #Melissa should go. She's only still on cuz she's got a huge fan base. The judges always short change
RT : RT - fantastic speaker on networking, referral marketing, or behavior styles, be sure to contact
The debate about if/when/should we take on a certain client is stressful...
Yeah boy i like it. Talk that talk all night
Wine's "Margarita Effect"-Mosel #Riesling w/sweetness tastes more refined b/c of high acid+slate mineral saltiness. Nik Weiss=St. Urbans-Hof
good good u
Did someone say hybrid?
sum crazy bitch said my account is a spam account she a looney toon ass hoe
Think positive, because thoughts are like the steering wheel that moves our life in the right direction...
Anti #nato protests starting in #Chicago tonight. Protestors trying to get police to respond with violence.
Do I tell you how to do your job, Campbell?
oh that suck:( haha your allready tan!:)
Just had a great Skype visit with 3rd-5th graders at G.R. Whitfield in North Carolina. The topic? Nonfiction: Why It Is Awesome.
“The only place where success comes before work is in a dictionary.” Vidal Sassoon, Famed Hairstylist, British immigrant - RIP
You ruin my damn plans
c u in BOS bring boots!
Yup. So, are you getting on Tinychat later?
Happy Mothers Day to all of our T2 Mothers!
#PackerNation hopes do too!
excellent! Thanks! I'll include the link in this new doc.
Been working hard today not a real lunch- just had a crunchy carob rise bar- #glutenfree #peanutfree 17 grams protein! Yummy
my #OpenSim host has a 'situation' so grid has been offline 2+ days. apologies - will reschedule things asap. i also have a plan B.
My bf is going to buy tickets for that one so we can go :)
That wasn't flying!! That was falling with style
Big Show this Saturday with and ! We got a few tix still get at us :)
Be sure to tune into Fox 5 tomorrow at 5:30AM or 6:30am. See Scouts & The Salvation Army talking about Scouting for Food with
Hairspray and some other stuff diminished my social time. ahem.....missed you at the show. It's OK. xoxo
City before state
People that complain live longer.
Repeal Florida's "Stand Your Ground Law", it's a license to kill.
he didn't read my dm! he just answered me 'can you ask Zara to check her DMs for me' -___-.
Broke a thousand followers!! Wahoo
Haha. Cool man, thanks. I don't think those groups are anything to be afraid of.
I like your new hair colour; it's darker. You really good!
Well I'm probably scarred for life... This is more awk than when I saw breaking dawn with my bro...
They're playing checkers when the game is chess.
Hey Netflix - how is Arrested Development like The Walking Dead?
What if we're only in our prime when our age is a prime number?
Gorgeous today! Lots of sunshine and temps pass from the 50's to the 60's over the lunch hour!
In the street below my windows a luchador in a gold lamé cape poses for photos on a Harley.
Our natural goodness is false spirituality and is actually a great hindrance to life...
New and exciting pilot project for Facebook coming soon, stay tuned for details later today.
We did! Did you?
CBS can't be happy with this leader board.
I'm being a little rascal tonight. I'm toying around with both mom's ribs and metal hardware. I don't really like for her to sleep.
Wrong is always wrong even if everyone is doing it.
man whateva. Im not go b bias either. If he won I'll tell you.
haters dnt bring me down. And they certainly dnt bring down JB. Keep talking. Is tramp the only word you know ?
Somalians are so loud
NO I DIDNT MEAN TO IM SORRY
NICE! One of my best buds was the intern there last year!
The greatest happiness of the greatest number is the foundation of morals and legislation.
Beauty in all she is.
I love it when that happens, it feels so god!!! ;-)
Where does one get beach balls in Pgh. in January? Besides that, rocked it tonight.
Looking at my search strings: someone found my site by google searching my ex's boobs. Hilarious.
Time for the art crawl !
RT : Q1: Best Halloween Cocktail name has to be....Melon Monster Mash Martini! Love that song!
Spin Champagne & Chickenheadz
I'm gonna li-i-i-ive my life no matter what we party tonight ;)
There's just too many touchy mofos on here today. Lawd
Check out Igors tip for the day on the discussion board.
WE GO HARD!
u ain't said shit but a word when u comin back to the V?
My spring semester graduate seminar at GW: Queer Object Ecologies.
cleared the stratosphere!
He's frighteningly relatable and it has nothing to do with his ability to seduce with a look on a train
don't be a stranger!
is always wonderin what peoples dreams r mine is 2 be able 2 meet my fav singers of all time: bethany joy galeotti & sheryl crow!
#YeauAintAvoutZotLyfe RT : don't do it to yourself
I do a lot of thinking at night
Thank you for getting back to me. It is important to respect the family in situations like these. Thanks again.
3 followers away from 400! Help me out!
I'm ready for some dc loving
Saw The Movie *Think Like A Man Act Like A Lady*! Love Loved It! A Must see!
Hello If you are down in MKE stop by one of our meetings
damn :-( welp..... im sure u will meet someone
The mister votes for Scripps Forum and I'm for the San Diego Museum of Art gardens. Any unique SD venue ideas?
Having my 1st Home Show on my own today. Wish me luck!
"The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald."
I have done a synchronized swim routine to funkytown. Yay lifeguarding.
Get it! and when you're done come see us!
Righteous collab idea: and I know you're both reading this. Let's make it happen.
neurotic seizures
Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. The greatest mistake is giving up
I don't know how many protesters were arrested in this morning's raid, but there aren't many people here at OSD tonight.
If an Offensive Linemen sneezes before the snap would it be a false start?
omg you changed your icon i like that one!
: hey friend from around the way this is another twitter of mine follow me please chow baby!
We have a winner! “: Ate a hot dog with Rick Mirer on the sidelines?”
any chance I can get that recipe? Gnocci is my wife's absolute favorite.
NEW MUSIC COMIN
I wonder which day is Arian coming back....I think it's the 21st but I'm not sure
quick, steamy read. The second book is better. Albeit a lil creepier, you still wish you had someone to cuddle up to.
GREENFlag expects 10,000 ACCELERATOR CLIENTS by day`s end! We are at 9,993 as of last night, after just 10 months! Our clients are happy an…
Mane iWanna get on this big bouncy slide thing
what's the plan for The Green Gang at on Saturday?!
WTF did I just read. There wer a lot of big words in ther.
One day at a time is how I am getting through this =D
": Today we'll be serving lunch at Navy Yard. C u soon!!!"~Nats fans they Rreally good burritos should check B4 game sometim
hey girl... I have moved back to cleveland so I will be tryna get my hair done ijs...how you been?
I need to start talking to new people hahaha
Holy fuck. Straight up gunfight in Riverwest. Two guns maybe 12 shots between em. Cripes.
You're so very welcome
just let me know...your welcome anytime you want...it will be fun...
thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a creative weekend
yikes! Omg! Are u heading back to GA?
thanks for the follow. Love your work....it's amazing!!!
followed by club can't handle me right now.
Headed to the Zakaria lecture at the U of M
Thanks to everyone for the birthday love yesterday! It made my day!!
I've noticed that Herman Cain likes to attribute his views and source of information to highly qualified, unnamed people. Come on now...
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use
Now listening to "lost ones" one of my favorite songs so far this is like my third time listening to it. Can't wait until the 8th!
hey how dare you spam me? i am a FIESTA full of drinks, slurring speech and awesomeness. you anger me.
McAllen tries a fake punt at their own 18 with 3:10 left in the 3rd & is stopped by the Alexander defense, 9 yd TD run by Brian Swain. 41-18
Ok bitch. Two can play that game.
I'm missing tonight! I have to get off twitter because y'all are gonna ruin it for me. It's so good tonight.
Tattoos > Muscles
hahaha right that's why I drank all of it!
I will stop messaging you from here on out.
There is a place in a God where, we can be totally free from fear
Good God! Ethernet is almost 40 years old. No wonder I'm gray.
i was this shape at 12 but a lil smaller and i was about 5'2
- I'll see if my boyfriend wants to go. Thanks for the invite!
Workout with me and receive a Complimentary set of my Exclusive #LoveYourAbsAbExerciseCards! Loves Them!
Nearly got doored on my commute into work today by someone getting out of their car on Valencia
Just saw a storefront sign: Guns - Signs - Scuba. #stayclassy Florida!
#IDontHaveTimeFor worrying, yet I do it constantly. Note to self: embrace a goal to stop wasting time sweating the small stuff.
Scientific knowledge is in perpetual evolution; it finds itself changed from one day to the next. Jean Piaget
That's honesty right there RT : RT : I can't wait for this season to be over so I can get back to killing hookers
So many cops out today. It's like they're still amped about the gunman yesterday and are taking it out on speeding motorists today.
of course he speaks english + the spanish lyrics came out in the bottom
Roman Noodles! >>> Lunch of Champions
My tapers fall out when I sleep every freaking night.
Godspeed. Great night to travel.
Any experts in I's Millennium Data Exchange module out there? (need to make a newly-created load profile appear in the drop-down menu).
Merry Christmas
Ayden has started to watch tv & dance to the music so this shall be interesting. He yells "OH" in awe of the screen alot
#FREE Bailey's?! Yes please! Head to now for details. Text FREE to 35350 now 4 chance 2 win other prizes from Mo's & !
Its weird hearing kroq mentioning Tim from underoath in the celebrity birthdays
Heading to work around Newbury St? Stop by our shop for FREE coffee, espresso drinks, and baked goods from 8am-10am this morning. Yes, FREE.
Wife wanted something for her anniversary that went 0-200 in 2 seconds. Was getting her a bathroom scale a bad thing?
Um... interesting...
Thanks 4 coming to the EMBA Tim. Hope 2 see you soon. & please fill that Sr. Dir. of Global Talent Acquisition position.
It's what I do when no one watches that truly defines the man I am when everyone is looking
On my way to Creating Video with DSLR Cameras workshop
#moviechatters What is your favorite movie of all time??
What a beautiful day in Nashville, I love the sound of the birds chirping o a bright sunny warm day! :)
Small craft advisory in effect Monday afternoon across tidal Potomac River. Minor flooding could occur Tues. through Sun.
Lol, one question could have saved you a lot of trouble.
You're so fashionable!
. explains how FEC has gutted #DISCLOSE rules, allowing shell corps to hide $$
At dress rehearsal for tomorrow nights Messiah concert. The orchestra and chorale sound wonderful!
i know i know.
Did mayhew only go to the oklahoma pro day?
" oh hey what are you doing on campus this late?" Me: Looking for my motivation
Georgetown College Tigers fall to Mountain State 83-76 in NAIA tournament to end their season.
I bEAT it up
RT the RT in full if you can do so under 140 chars. If you can't, then delete RTs furthest from the original tweet.
Who told you that I gave a f*ck
I can't believe I have only finished IHFC and SAMS buildings. Looks like I'll be coming back tomorrow afternoon!
just talk to Brent hall from #GetRightMixtape, thats whats up!
I HATE Rush Limpdick.
yep its sad but ive never even been outta Cali loll
“: On average people fear spiders more than they do death.” Some of us see spiders on our dreams periodically. Hm
When your job is crashing as hard as you can into other guys who are crashing into you–every day for years–more padding won't help.
Send me the bill and I'll sign it --- Go President Obama! He's back and got his mojo... Great
basketball wives
Time to go bury myself in another Jim Nisbet novel. It's going to be a noir evening.
“Life doesn’t have a remote; get up and change it yourself.”
hahahahh it treat her exxxxxxtraa special everyday aint too many more x's left
pretty odd, i'm getting sent to some russian website too. thanks for pointing this out!
How to spend time on Google+: spend 15mins looking for peeps talking about relevant topics via
can't wait to see what weekend the Chargers are gunna whoop that Steeler rear end!!!
. thanks for the follow... Keep rocking it!
On my way to the gym after a great thanksgiving with friends!!
I totally agree, Roger. I was bracing myself for the film, but I (& a roomful of old-school fans) loved it.
Hey Paul - I DM'd you what's up?
How does one see a miracle manifest in their life?
We are acting on this immediately asking drivers and mechanics to look for the ad and remove it.
RT If u wish u lived in NJ 
#mascmplx panel on violence up next; after Ken Corbett's heartbreaking talk we are prepared
Happy Opening Day, everyone! Go Brew Crew!
Force me to talk ? You don't wanna hear the words I'm about to say . ):<
That sounds like a good weekend. I'm hoping to sit in the park to read, play music, and eat some food with friends
trees down on meridian north of I-10
when tells she should know Spanish bc her last name is Rosales.. err uh, Gonzales. hahahaha.
Knowing the difference between right & wrong is one thing, showing it in your actions is another.
Happy Birthday - world's best intern. Lucky to have you at !
about 20 min
haha I'm not denying it (;
Loving somebody is taking a risk
Look for a review of The Dark Backward posted on the blog later today.
I've been a major allergy sufferer all my life, and I finally discovered relief through saline irrigation. Email me for more details.
If a Twitter account exists, and no one pays attention to the crap it spews...
which sheep?
However you do come in loud and clear in Holland, MI.
Congrats on the raise. Hadn't kept up with the industry since selling workables, so really enjoyed the interview. Cheers.
Andrew and I just stapled the lining of our coat pockets...
#mla12 Agreed. Thought #smartphoneless was the purpose of the blogger/tweeter table.
RT : Neglected vehicle care almost always means much higher costs down the line - April is Car Care Month
I swear Asians at Clark is so annoying! Except me though.
tired=O
Greetings from Natural Balance, Brooklyn NY. Hope everyone had a terrific holiday weekend...healing begins at home!
Temple defensive back Kee-ayre Griffin Temple defensive back Kee-ayre Griffin talks about the Owls' regular season finale against Kent St
lol thanks :p I'm just in pain & swollen now ;p
Frances is leaving us for grad school. :( Make sure you tell her what a terrible decision this is. :p
forgot to say I saw you at City of Refuge Sunday with , your runs we're sick ridiculous. #Blessings!
ill text u web I get home
You have a death wish lol xD “: walking into forever 21 and saying "who wants to make me a sandwhich???" #YOLO ;)”
umm not really, but you could google it?
haha i have 13,i beat you! :P
Win for the #Orioles, 2-game lead in the AL East. Cold streak keeps not happening.
New is jammin on sat-radio in Venice, heyo!
The Ridiculousness with Ryan Dunn and the Ryan Dunn tribute was was great. We all miss you man
"Do no harm where you can do no good." - ÆSOP
As long as it takes him to make friends who call him a mama's boy.
Sounds like you need to make some more money before heading back to Winstar
Google Chrome is _dragging_ but it works fine incognito. Wonder if I need to ditch one or two of these extensions
we love u 2
im not going any more my mom canceled!!!
its nice over here. Its not far from anything
and all in one night? Birthday week... you're gonna kill me yet.
Happy Birthday!! Hope you have a great day! 🎉🎁🎈🎂
We can hardly wait :) September is one of my most favorite months here on the island, lots-o-sun & trade winds
NO! He needs to spend more and be further to the left!!
July 6th: 80s night! Looking for more bands!!
I watched "Get Him to the Greek" after you blessed it &it was quite entertaining. Sounds like "Limitless" is a good one too
Gotchya. Figured it was worth a heads up. Was surprised to find it on here.
Back on twitter, had a busy month so no twittering for me! Another busy weekend & some upcoming trips planned!
I've been so busy!!!! Sorry I've been MIA everyone.
rack city
Best story told about my ancestor tonight: "when we went hunting no one brought guns b/c he'd just open his trunk & ask 'pistols or rifles?'
simple, elegant, perfect. Don't forget the men's uniforms! Brits do uniforms's well!
Slow moving trains making me late for work
thanks pal - Looking forward to your playoff show. Always the BEST in the NHL.
lol I know!!
Stop changing my schedule! Got to work today and found out they canceled my shift. Thanks for not telling me. Made me get up for nothing
Thinking of ways to get "Musician Business Networking" ideas off the ground. We need a book "Helping Musicians Despite Themselves."
My mom is so annoying 😡
Thanks Steph! you HAVE to come see the new collection when its bk in NYC!
send me details ill see if i can go
you're not kidding. :)
Thank you!
I have so much work to catch up on! It's been about a month since I've worked in my studio on my art! What to do first??!!!
@ windward mall ....this place sux
danks! The bachelor is on so it's making my night better lol
North Central Community Calendar — April 26
#WordsINeverWantToHear "I don't love you and never will" </3
Holy Rainstorms! Snowing in the mountains. Who has skiing snowboarding plans??? Pack your Patrick's Sunscreen before hitting the slopes!
appointment with a client,will be back later...
Im all cried out....
So true! We'll soon have little splash babies running around...
Here we are all alone in this room.
$$$$$NEW PLAY MOVED UP TO 3PM EST$$$$$$$$$$ DUE TO THE RUMORS THAT ARE FLOATING$$$$$$$ WE WANT PEEPS TO GET AS MANY B4 THE BELL AS POSSIBLE
The irony being tht, I ended up in a #BurgerKing. But, they dnt use formaldahyde in their food...right?
Sweet goal. And set up by Donovan no less!!
RT : Doing more and more with #jQuery, #SPServices & #JSOM. They open up a whole new range of possibilities. Loving it!...
YES! Please tell me you still have an invite left!
Try #Getsocialbrevard too :)
#TROGwar TROGLODYTE War on Stupid: push back agnst the epidemic stupidity infecting our politics & government. Related: Cognitive Dissonance
": Discipline is remembering what you want. - David Campbell #quotes #quote"
Good morning. Early Bird Specials deadlines for the Little Miss Beautiful Hue America Pageant are fast approaching. Don't miss out!
COREY BREWER AND ANDRE MILLER STARRING IN WOLF AND BUNNY MOVIE WHERE THEY WILL BE WOLF AND BUNNY GET YOUR WOLF AND BUNNY TICKETS NOW
Watching today's five GOP primaries is like watching the Patriots play the Dolphins in Week 17.
High tops rule! And Velcro is cool! Merry Christmas peeps!
Look me in my eyes. I know what is within me...even if you cant see it yet.
that is one horrible website, thanks for sharing.
Devers, 29, made the same long journey in 2003, flying in to attend the original Heritage Classic between the Canadiens
RT : One last big ups to our tour sponsors for : , , and Check em out! They r ...
Hey all!! Happy Thursday! Take a second this weekend to follow on Twitter and check out the fun things we tweet!!
Ever googled "blueberry waffle"? Itz gross...
GUESS WHAT I DID!!
Harry S. Truman was broke and out of work at the age of 38. At the age of 45 he was the most powerful leader in the world.
Working on filing. Looking forward to funding for the Center for Justice and Social Compassion. Best Wishes to All
Pau's bleeding from the beak.
I'm so sad that I can't go to their concert >.<
oops. #Dimon not #Diamond. I'm thinking Blood Diamonds or something. Pardon me! LOL!
Explain why Joan Crawford didn't like wire hangers..? Obviously she didn't like babies either & coulda done some damage with a wire hanger.
Uh oh looks like trouble in paradise..
Anyone have a good recipe for red velvet cake? I'm a good baker, but for some reason I always end up with red velvet hockey pucks.
Anyone know if the Coachella sets for the second weekend were filmed or not?
Cannot. Quit. Coughing.
Tony Allen....WOW
Natural Breast Augmnentation Products? #ThingsThatILike Bay Hill
The #TopSomm competitors are early, and looking much more alert than I am this morning! Good luck everyone!
would u follow back too sweets?
F.Y.I - The stars of "The Hunger Games" will be Grove today at 6pm. Get your wrist bands at 9am.
RT Come see a show and we validate for parking at Horton Plaza. You get a little extra time. See us for details.
Tonight: July 7 Brazilian Percussion Virtuoso AIRTO MOREIRA'S 70th BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION, SOHO 1221 State Street Suite 205 Santa...
noticing the difference between kids racing around the peterson automotive museum with a find and circle scavenger hunt and
you did??? where??
Looking for a locale for your company picnic? The Cornelius Pass Roadhouse has availability on 7.8.11! Call 503.693.8452 for more info!
waffling as to whether or not nom a book for CapCh...
8:24am and it is so dark that you'd think it was the middle of the night. Big storm on the way.
I don't wanna brag, but ill be the best you ever have ....
I think that spray butter is the greatest invention since sliced bread!
Day 2 of filming was great! short and sweet!!
Many people avoid looking out of their window at night because they are scared of seeing a face
Sam stay away from zayne :p
Watching on ESPN but streaming radio for this one. No way am I suffering through more Vitale.
3 more #followers till 1500 help me out #retweet n #follow me
is a freshly minted shodan
Tebow and the Jets
I'm in da projects watchin a nigga get knocked out.
Thank you to everyone who entered my GoodReads giveaway! Congrats to the winners. Your books are in the mail!
I traveled to my couch to watch The Soup. Does that count?
new mixtape bet not be bullshyt
thanks always positivity, & patients is the key .
Stop bein somebody else man, when you can be you man
My mom left for New York this morning for a week and I already miss her/:
And again I ask: why do #Costco hotdogs taste so good???
"The level of structure that people seek always is in direct ratio to the amount of chaos they have inside."
The Boy is Darn SMART just like the Mom!
Not right now but make sure you register with us so we will have your info if something does come along.
I wish I was better at putting my feelings in word form, not just of the top but in a deep, analytic, semi-poetic way.
“: Do you ever just feel completely empty inside?”
Mauldin high '94. Mike Griffith the e-commerce guru here ... i miss all of the mauldin crew. Bugg if u out there hit me!
My dad is unharmed. I'm annoyed bec he totaled my last car when I only had 3 payments left. He's no longer allowed to borrow my car. ; )
ha yea I guess so. I'll take it
well just have classes today. Have fun here.
Too much D #49ers vs
is our everything thank you justin your the reason I believe in my dreams :) <3 u
No one ever gives me a straight answer in this house..
good luck on ur last final! I hope you're at our favorite table by the windows it's good luck!
Case studies show this product is use full for 100's of disease's Restores the True You What Can It Do For You?
Jessica Simpson Baby Name Revealed: Maxwell!
I'm just exploring. I like to try things. It just doesn't work. Lots of lag.
is it the my American gypsie wedding show?
Pessimistic view. | If it was my decision. The world would come to an end, because there is no hope for change.
Drive is the most insane movie, I think I've ever seen!!!!!
This week, do something you've never done (make it a good thing, ha ha)...live, laugh, and love like never before!
New board member for our Friends group is Yay! Congratulations, Dave!
Oh damn!!! Nice look Slacker... All u buddy RT : McGee's mom is surrounded by small bald white guys seeking her approval.
Check out Ready.gov today! They will tell you what you need, and we can ship it to your door.
RT : RT : Friday 11/11/11 is Veteran's Day. To honor veterans the Museum will be offering free admission...
Anyone wanna tweetcast tonight's HTTQ event?
LOL! RT : Duh... where do you think ass-holes come from.. RT : can babys be concieved through anal sex?
I think you love glee just as much as me! we should watch it together next tuesday!
Cliff Burton of Metallica was killed on this day in 1986 when the band's bus overturned in rural Sweden.
holy sheet!
WTS GREAT WINTER SONGS: "This is the New Year" by Ear candy and soulfood for the ill inspired. (tweet ur favorites to us!)
Me too! ;) RT : Pumped about getting rejected thanks to
I want some butter pretzels
Thoughts on Sixers?
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, We demolish arguments and every pretension that sets itself up against the knowledge of God, and...
Um hm(clear throat)... so anyway... excuse me dear...
The Silk Tie likes Arvind! As life is best lived, people are best looking good and ties are best worn, the circle of life
ice, van chai, milk, and espresso!
Winter's back! Come warm your soul with a hot bowl of POZOLE! Thats pork stew, YO! Served with soft corn tortillas!
No one can capture an experience or moment for everybody, but there's real power in what my man did in those early flicks.
Raisins - yum.
Okay(: thanks.
#Exhibitor2011 finished walking the show floor saw Bekins Hadley and spoon
I'll say it again: Please change this new twitter back to the old style! This is awful
LOL, he is a man, what did you expect!! Kill him with kindness!! :)
Detroit has one of largest contingent of #military #veterans. We'll continue to keep you posted about resources & job opportunities
Knew about the blackout & still tried to #Wikipedia 3x today. SMH.
DeRango's on 6 Mile Rd. (very important that it's the 6 Mile Rd one)
If you love me, here's what I'll do, I'll take care of you. 🎶
Love you too
It was great to meet you! Sending good writer vibes your way.
SMDH You just Miss me!
than ur moms gonna follow us..hehe
Woke up with a 102 fever and a massive craving for a burger and Pinkberry. Thanks :)
Wha? Dood! You better be at least half-smiling today or I'll kick you in your 'meh'. Congrats!
Love my life!
#HappyMothersDay to all the women who ever have been a mother or ever will be a mother, today is ALL about you!!
What's your favorite color?
Just dyed some of my hair pink... yeee
awesome who is comin'?!
What if won the national championship?
is on the phone with a woman who is speaking so loudly I can hear her in the other room! He is going to go deaf!
Thanks Bobby...great work there.
State reps. now taking some people inside Capitol.
We're thrilled to have you!
Come to think of it I used to be pretty uptight
What's the name of this movie on b.e.t. ?
Know anyone graduating law school this Spring? A legal-themed chess set would make a great gift! But order early, they take time to make!
#TeamMovieLovers Follow If You Love #Movies & Tell Us About Your Favorite Movies! RT l Follow Back
I lost hella followers .. Oh well
and that's why I'm cleaning the followers... Sorry followers who have pages with no tweets lol..EVRYTHING MUST GO MAYB EVEN U LOL
probably die. is my life. Oh and check the last one..
Dead hearts are everywhere!:/
I am working. And haha, I would if I could. I've never seen him!
Don't lower urself 2 be on people's level, have them rise up 2 ur's!
My dumbass went into work at 11 and I don't have to be there until 5
I love the food there. $29 for three courses, and drinks are $1 each - you will leave very full!
Not so fast my friend....only time will tell whether Matt Flynn is Matt Flynn or Scott Mitchell.
The best thing about the #Patriots victory tonight was how well the Defense played. Their best game of the season
I shall miss you😥❤❤❤
your welcome hun!! tell your mom i said hi =)
So Happy To be Here at #Foodiechats with our fodies-buddies,
Tensnake, Aeroplane, Holy Ghost!, Grum, Wolfram, In Flagranti, Hercules And Love Affair. Any DJs in Denver spin these guys?
must admit I very much enjoy annoying orange
Sometime around the year 1650, the legend has it that Baba bootlegged 7 coffee seeds attached to his body out of Mecca.
want one but have a special hybrid plate
HI - you should check out , a great phone solution for small businesses - connect w/ happy customers
Some Of That Purple Drank Would Put Me Straight To Sleep Right Now
Keep counter culture classic rock out of commercialism. Let those artist rest in peace. Greedy little corporate pigs.
where you from
Thanks for sending-- all great places (esp Rubirosa & S'MAC)
anyone want to video call?
: goin back to that (the d rose article), cant belive what the #bulls did to the #heat last nite..
Back in the KC.. Thank you Chi-town and LA!.. Happy bday to my lil bro , luv u bud and see u soon!!
hey Barry thnx for the follow. Lkng forward to wrkng on Tornado project. I think I am going to limit grp to 2 or 3. Thoughts?
lalalallalala i love :)
ME! “: I am proposing a #museumprofessional swap rather than a #houseswap - one month in Paris work for anyone?!? #aam2012”
I don't know if that would be a good idea... I think our green room is solidly edward territory.
True that haha RT You see all kinds of different people at the dmv lol
Happy Norfolk State made it round 3 - but ...GO GATORS!!!!!
o.k? So yeah knock on my door en ur done with w.e
Marketing Affiliates wanted; True HOME/INTERNET BASED business. Takes all of 3-5 minutes a day - 6 lucrative income streams all based on...
welcome to the good life! ;-)
oh well so now you can try it for yourself!
yaaaay! We hope you like it! Pls help spread the word! :) thnxs!
sorry, but that is ludicrus!
"If I had one day to vacation on Anna Maria, I would spend it _______ "
She got the best ass in HIP HOP right now! #handsdown! thats ma last tweet i promise.lol!
Great webinar with , , !
#IAlwaysWonderIf the world would really be boring and dull with out music.
#Thirdwheelingitup ... I have never been so bored ever!!!!
Not generational, just low-class
Boxing is definitely is a sport from day's gone by. The question is have fans become too PC for the sport ?
don't forget to request "Train Wreck!" Thanks!!!
Day 2 of StartingUp Now Facilitator Training going well. We're intro-ing trainees 2 our web platform, Skillcenter.
The Ethnic World Pageant Red Carpet Event will feature new R&B Artist "TRUTHFUL". To purchase tickets go to www.ethnicworldpageants.com
Hands down, Tokyo. RT : Next question: What is your dream vacation?
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Hello to all my new followers. Need to know if you made the right choice? How about this: SPORTS! SPORTS! SPORTS!
what channel
- them promoting your book was the best part! The rest has too much dude talk
Catching up on breaking bad, best show in TV!
Covered in Gold-Leaf
m hm
What's on your Valentine's Day playlist?
So happy right now.
Put your hands to the constellations! 🙌 the way you look should be a sin, you my sensation!
"The Manchurian Candidate." (1962 original, not the remake.)
RT Hustlemode gets u nowhere with me... Keep it real please!!!! Game recognize game!!! >Say it again, say it again
stop I have literally every season on dvd
Play the Pokerstars SCOOP at the PPC Aruba All the wifi u need, plus the beach
But I Can't .
Turkeyy Bingoo Time! Be back later if I win a turkey I'll put up a pic but I'll be back later :)!
When you flush the toilet and one shit comes back up! Like what do yyou want sshit
Hold on to your cowboy hats! From 'Way Out Here', will be cruising into Pensacola Beach for !
And by we, I mean one Detroit project this year. Ok, enough twitter spam.
Good morning twitter, been cleaning windows for a couple hours already!
This time next week I'll star in the long-anticipated role as patient at St.Vincent Women's Hospital; post-perf reception in post-op. Wheee!
hmm...or, get the new Droid w a reliable power source?
This monitor is huge! 27" apple display
When you believe in yourself, you have learned the first secret to success ~NVP
Blind Pilot, Angels & Airwaves, Drake, Rihanna, Jacks Mannequin, Florence...awesome new albums make for great road trip mixed tapes.
TOLD U GUYS THEY WILL WIN
confidence vs self-esteem!!
I know you gotta ole man but ima dawg &gt; like a half of brick I JUST DROP IT OFF !
calisthenics, lunges and one-armed push-ups for the win.
I love my mom so much <3
sleep finally!
A-hole today. Misrepresented the cntrcepn issue. If everyone is so Catholic tell them to stop having sex before marriage.
there were- such as armani, guchi, ralph lauren, prada, etc.
bless you, brother fish! Ah-MEN!
Sure! Send us an email at social [at] cater2.me
Enrique iglesias tonight(fucking u) version Just saying its bad!!
When a friend gets wronged you gotta have their back!
Oh, no! Hope you're better soon.
Chilly, windy, and looks like its gonna get wet today. I was hoping the weatherman was wrong today but I guess not =\
Once again tourist night!! I can not wait!
I LOVE CODY SIMPSON! RT IF YOU AGREE!
I want to go to sleep
BillMyAnswer uses an algorithm to create originality of your tutorial. Worry not about someone Re-selling your tutorial
Jusy found 80bills in my purse!:D
Just left spending time with my dad! Miss him so much!!! Literally the best dad in the world!
thanks for the mention, and for reminding me i need to stop by the SIUP booth.
Shave it all off. Goatee's are ugly.
swagg im likin this #tweet RT : Call me a stripper I can dance to anything..
