Shoulda gotten Jonathan Martin or your boy Hill
Tomorrow is We Still Dream's CD Release w/ This Day Will Tell, Coming This Fall, & MORE! Then we go on tour!!!
Don't you mean Rick Rac Rock and Rolling?!?
Scanner monitor: Too many to count but hearing many calls for I-225 accidents.
I feel so good that everyone is tweeting the TT. I made up :D what would you do if you dated an MB. Member? #ifidatedaMBmember .... -Chels
If you were listening to the show it has more context than just coming at you random like that.
Loved Melancholia. So beautiful, so unexpected (yet expected for a LvT). Whatever you do, don't miss the first 7 minutes!
RT : I'm just glad they blogged unlike your group. :)
Congratulations! That's pretty awesome. Time to get him in his first Bumpy Pitch swag. Love the name Micah, btw.
call me when done then lol
#FollowFriday Captains of #Cruise Fun: (via )
Privatization can help pave the way for greater equity and bolster school improvement in the poorest districts.
about to kick ass on some new vegas.. my xbox name is shucksash.. what..
The Bobbie captures Thanksgiving as it's SUPPOSED to be: thankful and delicious. Unlike the holiday--seeing your in-laws.
shaved my leggggsssss (:
Ah! fair enough. :) That's awesome.
Watching the first season of Laguna Beach.
Scarlett tweets you shall get! Maybe even a pic or two if they let me. Thanks for the follow!
Treating #orthopedic disorders with #thaiacupressure in the style of the Wat Po School in Bangkok, Thailand via Noam Tyroler.
#in meeting Cisco's top customers at Marriott Santa Clara this week
Had a dream was singing dig to and she started crying... HAHA.
drink some rumpleminz if you're a real partier.
Days like these make you wish there was a new social network so you could post about how great today was.
The man who strikes first admits that his ideas have given out.
I'm with ya!
great update on Mary! Another uplifting read!!
Pizza & hockey with my neighbs.
your beautiful babe!
They are repaving the sidewalks so all the pavement is wet- of course I didn't REALIZE that. And now I need new shoes.
Gandering at things you want, but can't have. At least, that's how I eventually doze off lol
I watched the first three episodes of the show and I have to say, it's pretty good! Danny Huston is crazy.
Thanks guys!
Blelvis is back in town and swung by #sourcefest. "What's the best nation in the world? A DOnation!". (true for nonprofits as well...)
Be aware that the pound of flesh each parent seeks from the other may well come from your child.
It's funny how your face is 10 times as tan as the rest of your body.
do you think there's an actor ego issue to consider as well?
haha yeah. i hope she dies of dysentery.
sounds about right. I just told Desperate Housewives to go eff itself for making me cry.
Justin Bieber & 50 Cent???
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I'm serious as well!!
I bet is :-( about G+; at least it's a bright day!
Tebowtees.com Get your Tebow gear here!
Thinking of going to the doctor
well youre consistency is awesome and you tweeted lyrics when i played guitar for them =) ill keep that in mind, keep it up!
RT : The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are. -J.P. Morgan
I don't remember ever being so excited for a record before!!
I miss you both already. Sorry no in-person good byes!!
Are you a key tag holder? Do you have key tag #1115539? If so, we've got a member reward for you! DM us!
This a creative #QR codes plan for Victoria Secret? Lingerie QR scans earns loyalty points.
Ann Marie rippin up that fiddle!
If I don't go, I'm never gonna go.... so I better get going
do average girls go on social networks often? :P
#weirdfactsaboutme I've been salsa dancing for a few years now
Just read your other posts. Didn't recognize you were talking about it lol.
Dear Little Caesar's, thanks for the Cold and Was Ready Hours Ago.
Something that will integrate with Windows 8 and end up delayed and rubbish
thank you happy cinco de mayo
will there be a ghc2010 iPhone app?
Have fun!
I take that as a I forgive u lol
I'm taking one for the team
We will always remember MCA.
Seeing the guy you confessed that you think he's hot when you were drunk at school >>
Newt is just dreaming of a future where men can divorce cancer-ridden women on whatever wherever in the solar system they choose to.
doesn't like my tweets. how do I live with myself.. help me tom cruise
go giants baby! I predict they win the super bowl
Just walked in to the Youth Violence Summit! Hope these guys are ready to fill Sam's shoes regarding this important issue.
- really Brookfield, are you kidding me? Want me to pick it up and overnight it to you - that seems nuts.
You can roast agave underground, bake in ornos in adobe or stainless, bake in autoclaves. all these methods affect the tequila
tripping on a dude that told me he is a time traveler...my shallow lady friend asked what should she throw away in her closet
I have way too much crap on my dvr
RT : Chances an NBA labor deal gets done by Monday? I say 5% and that's generous. I'll tell you why tonight on
Good Morning! Digging into turkey sausage links & hashbrowns.
Just heard them announce that DJO needs to get to his flight before it leaves without him. Run dude!
but i promise i let you know! love you with all my heart bestie number one <3
I'm over 1000 tweets ah!
I'm space bound , fuck earth
Game 5 tonight in Arlington!
I remember those. As I remember they weren't that tasty neither.
Open your heart up to the magic of THIS moment ;-) Yep-this one! Love On!
I have the most beautiful daughters in the world.
So windy at Eric Kahnert's live shot we could barely hear him on at 9pm. We'll update the High Wind Warning at 10pm.
Freaking CITY OF CHICAGO decides. Oh well today we are gona to cut the trees in ur street and make AS MUCH NOISE aspossible with our machine
So why aren't you guys coming to #SEATTLE I'm very sad and dissapointed you're skipping us.
Ha ha ha ha!! I Think you wld Lose this 1 too
tell me you played them Pet Sounds in its entirety.
Do you think Jesus likes cheese??
so u comin
Then text me back :)
My suitcase was too heavy because of my September Vogue. #typical. Maine here we come!
no problemo buddy!
'm not understanding;We know he was Gay,are you coming out as TG?
Hey so my birthdays In 4 days & I'm hoping I get noticed by you(:
Bernie's burger bus! The best burgers I have found in houston. Heading there now!
Lol...just had a 40 minute mini rap concert after i got out the shower...i dropped those BARS.....
Apartment hunting
Sometimes the most difficult part of coding is working with the repository.
Moms tryna put me in boarding school. She just got slapped .
Got paid from UPS yesterday and today someone came by my house and gave.me $600. only one week in the game and I love it.
Atlantic business site name unveiled as Quartz/ I don't hate it! That's a win. (via )
YEAH SO HOW YOU
My mom went to the store and bought like EVERYTHING. We have enough food that'd last us through the Holocaust.
There is no Lucky Strike in Louisville anymore.... Update your info....
can't wait to see u boo
Didja know you are our favorite RN? Thanks for the mention!! Have a great weekend--
You be scratching me up.
Morty's Comedy Joint (MortysComedy) thanks for the follow.
what are you doing on twitter?
Sign up for our "Tea-Tini Hour" with 5th and Wine July 14th! Call to make sure you get a spot!
Huge props to for remembering the phone charger. Plugging in now Hope I don't blow the fuse for the beer caddy!
we will hunt you down and raise hell. Franklin's boss.
I'll take The Rapist for $400. Umm that's Therapist Mr. Connery...
It's my birthday an 5 other people including Brittany so happy birthday love u
it never gets old!!
In the mood to do something crazy! Lol
I don't even mean gold-plated famous brands. I'm just talking about any brand recognized in its area. Could be a community college
watching "Ugly Betty" so damn funny. :D Season 1 , episode 14 .. soo old. 2006
Why do moms celebrate their babies monthly birthdays... I don't get it.
OMG so tired
His cake says " Happy Birthday Jacob " I thought they was in the witness protection program & couldnt give they names out ! Lmaoo
Was just reminded that making a sales call to someone in the process of shoveling 20" of snow is not a good use of your time or theirs
"Good enough never is." ~ Debbi Fields
maybe they should pull an #HP stunt and sell them for $99... I would buy 5 of them
Editing my husband's book on internet dating is hilarious. All these young women so hopeful that he's the one. But I'm the lucky winner.
Sometimes you just legitimately need to listen to Rick Astley.
The weather in #Boston is great and the field is boring at best. Sorry #PGA but I would rather go watch grass grow than #Golf :(
Please DM us with any suggestions/enhancements to this campaign. You're the man.
Follow he's an amazing singer
Talk to the ✋
Actors create experiences they have never had.
Happy Friday the 13th
this is telling my age but so very true I remember listening to games at the kitchen table with my mom before TV coverage of game
I've seen more statuses/tweets bashing people for posting about 4.20 than I've seen people posting about 4.20......
SmartSynch, Inc. announced as a sponsor & exhibitor at the Smart Grid Implementation Summit!
"Ya got too much green up there!" My four-year-old coaching us on "Where's My Water?"
cats and computers belong together! RT : I'm going to start a tech blog that only posts happy thoughts and pictures of baby kittens.
Great meeting you at the #Callaway60 tweetup today!
Watch David on Fox 5 Lead story about faulty DC breathalyzer machines
That is the worst. At least it stopped raining.....
's gin instead of vodka.
Yeah, I can usually only take one rain game a year...
So, it's storming... and I was about to drive back to KC... but I'm not too keen on being sucked up by a tornado while on I-70.
Pretty bummed that we didn't spend some quality time at the sparkly bar eating gold fish
watching Father Ted. forgotten how brilliant it is.
I see in my BlogWorld session. I sure hope to get to meet her in person :)
He's gotta hold on me, but im not the type to stay somewhere i dont wanna be....
Ed and Taylor... Interesting. Curious as to how a collab between the two would sound like.
Follow because he's nice 😄
I couldn't agree more, John.
Some sick looking booths going up on the floor - don't forget to drop by ours (L21) to snag your #Interbike tent special form!
there are too many to mention in a tweet, google the topic and see which ones appeal to you
I'm halfway though the show-- and then it's my weekend!
Call me maybe
does your library use it?
Singing #LovinYouIsFun by in Walmart? I think YES! <33
All that Jazz interview with Milo Jaramillo ((TODAY)) @ Noon. Your host, Paul Gonzales!
Someday, we'll look back upon days like this, and shake our heads.
aww! Thank you! Love you ms. Napoli (((:
Getting a lot of calls from the Pgh Post Gazette article, things are moving well today.
Never waste an opportunity to tell someone you love them.
I came to this gym to use a certain cardio machine, and they're all being used.
Yellow stone 1st round
“ will be featuring this friday 03/11 @ Sharon Baptist Come celebrate God's love with 9pm-1pm”
Every time I watch a brutally truthful, humane film like 'A Separation' I wonder how did I end up living in this severely damaged US of A
Stop by 5440! RT : It's #FirstFriday and #GAGI! Let the fun begin!
lol sorry internet went down haha
What do you mean?
That's so Crazy! XD
In Bruges is one fantastic movie!
I think we were deemed equally hideous by the violent drunkard. In fact, I may have only been hideous by association.
Remembering the times me and had in math class :)) !
HeLLo RT : Yesssssiiirrrrr ": these beats got me in here working on are too serious though. #sickshh ...
good to know...lol
From , compelling video is a must for TV.
the merry magnolia was looking for part time help
hate being sick -.-
getting drunk right now w/ love friday nights!
Hate that I gotta work right now on the release of #PutItDown for gotta go in when I can
(TN) RESIDEMTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!!!!
The word this morning: MARCH FORTH! Movin toward greatness.
Focus, stay positive, play with hearts of champions
Open Tues-Sat 11-8, Closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space & catering on Mondays. Winter hours until April.
hey arent you supposed to be learning something!?!
Give customers enough information to persuade themselves to buy. I do this constantly!
Lovely day
My reaction when people are mean to me: "Lol bitch, you're gonna regret that when I'm married to Zayn Malik"
disappointed on that end but I love this show
The devil made me do it the first time, and after that I did it on my own.-Robert Fulghum
Today is Senior Day, if you are 50 or better, join us today for $5 Free Play, a chance to win $100 an hour and $4.99 specials at TIWA
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I also have some other tropical bass stuff to show you
Computer Vision Syndrome and Children: Kids are on the computer more than ever - increasing fears of pediatric eye doctors that they're...
#GoTribe I roll with a tribe of demons.
S/o to for responding to tweet from a fan btw
Expert Fantasy Football Mock Draft at our Fest Aug 15 - would love to have you on.
what is your best show on tv?
would be great to use to save paper and engage with faculty on the PDF :)
Oh hey, there's Ross.
“: follow back”will do
You're welcome! Twitter hugs to all of you!
Congratulations to all the winners at the Illinois Asphalt Pavement Association annual meeting today!
The word hit 7 billion people today. :D
It's Monday, but I'm okay with it since I've only got a three day week! Taking a long weekend before I start my new job next week.
you're beautiful (:
LOVE U BIEBER ! #feelthelove fr
Fresh will be open for Memorial Day, in honor of our Service Men and Women, Military Personel will receive a complimentary App with Dinner!
Right on. The new people you form relationships with during the search process transform into an incredible post-success network.
The QLC happens 2 the best of us! Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about theirs in real time @ stratejoy.com Do u relate?
Hey, you should promote your street teams too! :3
you get that phone charger yet lol
I would like like to invite you to "Life is Sweet" on 11/09 from 6:30 to 10:00 pm at Silo Point Penthouses. www.bestbuddiesmaryland.org
Never take anything for granted...
Getting #unknotted slowly but surely RT : Tying your happiness to someone else's emotions means you're asking for knots.
I got a 90% on my English EOC and a 95% on my farenheit test and my fucking semester is still stuck at an 87%
Saw 's performance on 2 things: 1) Wrecking Ball is a damn good song. 2) Need to see the band in concert soon.
RT #HBD2012 the only place where an 8 course meal is a funnel cake, chicken on a stick and a 6pack quit hatin!
too thick for ? You mean like Elephant ears and roasted corn? LULZ
There's a special place in hell for DJ Sammy and his 9/11 remix of Bryan Adams' "Heaven."
It's weird saying happy mothers day to my sister!! I'm happy for her though(:
I just finished a 6.56 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Via ; Today and every day in the US, 74 youth "age out" (become too old for foster care). 31 of these will soon be homeless.
build leads by getting into the paint, then give them right back by settling for long bricks. Every game.
DO IT!
Our Newark office is open today 8-5 for all your eyecare needs. 110 High St. 315.331.5721. No appt needed for glasses/adjustments/repairs
Where's the Android App?
Top 5 Supporting Cities - Stockton, CA, San Jose, CA, Modesto, CA, Sacramento, CA, Oakland, CA. And 6th man is --> Fresno, CA
I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert.
You're very welcome.
ur still bored a lil bit huh cuz i can b funny if i wanted to
Lifted by lies, hit by the truth.
hey i am a huge fan of you. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie. =)
Just saw video of the rigging fall at the #IndianaStateFair. Incredible and tragic. Prayers for victims and families.
Wake is good but will give up the HR, hope he got it out of his system now. Sox take notice.
Hidden by Helen Frost did that! It used a word at the start of each line to create another poem/insight.
I would love to host a Keurig party!
thats koo wit me ..its a new day keep movin forward
haha and I'm getting no vowels
Attending the #Fishers #Chamber luncheon. Guest speaker from Bay area on social media.
Publix to have Blockbuster DVD kiosks in stores.
I get it if you don't want to pay for a Vols website, but I don't get complaining when they break a story.
Frank have a good weekend!thanks for the #ff ! Think I missed u last week so double thanks!
It feels like spring outside.
Why steelers!? :(
I remember you from the networking event follow me
k. im done bitching for the night. Sorry followers .-. lolol
Rangers 2-0 when i wear my rangers shirt.
When I get home I'm gone go see avengers.. But I just need somebody to go with.?
Bought decorations for my open house!
I hope u can hit me up on FB if ur into music :) www.facebook.com/freddywalkermusic
I guess that the challenge is to be open to new experiences, new ideas, new concepts. Be true to self - yet open to growth.
If your wife does not know how to drive that is a guaranteed meal on the table every time.
Thanks so much for the list! :)
lmfao I know that's why I was like wtf
Microsoft seems to want to "own" all science data - will charge for access, analysis (via Dennis Gannon).
ah I forgot to shoot it to you! Thank you so much man I appreciate it!
No no no no no.
Tonight we start early westlake Paninis finishing with 5 bottles to start the night. Who's coming
WOW.... well that sucks if you're rooting for the Caps like me. Joel Ward just killed a HUGE opportunity for his team.
If its not about us then erase John 3:16 from the bible.
WIAA moving the bball tourney to GB is a terrible idea. GB does not have the atmosphere of Madison. Pumped for the tourney this year though!
Why is Drita getting Mad ?! She's a mess lmaooo
awwwe, my bestie is so cute n.n I missed you too bebs!
thanks Vashti! Attending these events gets me so motivated!
In 1837, Boston School Committee allowed Hawes School to teach music. It was the 1st time Music Education was used in U.S. public schools.
Josh Hamilton says contract talks with Texas Rangers won't be distraction While this might be a contract year for Josh Hamilton, R
It's 2-2 after two. Should be a great finish.
Earth Day celebration in the Zen Courtyard starts in 1.5 hours! See you there, ENcrowders!
So sleepy
HipHop Mt Rushmore, who you got? I need 4
Rolling out of in the mini van. I'm nationwide
just lifted weights for 1 hour and burned 378 calories. Total burned so far: 441664 calories! on 4/29/12 at 12:30 PM
people think life is long until it ends
glad you had a good time thanks for coming
this is an awesome website if you are planning on doing anything soon involving the beach!!!
Thanks for helping spread the word about our series.
thought chocolate milk came from chocolate cows when she was younger:) and same for strawberry! But not regular :P
Ah, your link went to the comments, so that's where I was looking.
im peepin the first one this joint tight, good lookin
YIKES. Way too close. :( Sorry.
She said she love me
"It's The Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown!"
some! and more over the weekend
here's a site that has a great & easy to follow lesson on scales and modes www.guitarlessons365.com
ohh my ! That's hot
cough cough DAD
Happiness and Customer Experience: Interview with Bernd Schmitt
LET'S GO
What happened? I blacked out for about 5 minutes! Did we win? Are we champs? I need to know!
No not at all! I'm now just figuring out what I like to do! All I say is Do what you love and what your passionate about! ;)
Google will still work BUT the logo is blacked out
I feel like I'm dying at work
is on repeat!
Our house is blessed to share some love with Entourage Jazz and some of our favorite patrons. Happy Valentines.
Rocky Mountain Life from 40s, Colorado Wonderland from 50s-70s, some 70s issues of Denver Singles Guide: last clearly fodder
Cirqa update: We are working out our last few bugs to deliver you a powerful application. Please register for the beta version@ mycirqa.com.
Thanks for the follow and God Bless!
time to go light one up by the pool
Bout to fire up the big stage
Good Morrow To You & No Problem Good Sir.
Hey just listened to a really smart guy about social networking six steps to social networking. 1. Don't steal others articles 2. give info
#ChicBuds has great products!!
lol are you following me?
Spending time with mommy just talking. The more things she tells me the more I realize personality wise I'm just like my mom & grandpa.
What METTA got hit in the face
We cut a material at work called poly metal. what would that music genre actually sound like and who would listen to it?
and God gives you the strength, to love, protect & guide :)
anyone know an IP laywer i could chat with (for free) in #pittsburgh? have some questions about terms of service, copyright, etc. PM if yes.
Don't know about anyone else, but I'm having a hard time getting to the core of what I think about the Ravi verdict.
I am! Multi-tasking, SCORE!
Amare got the braids back lol
Most Great People Have Attained Their Greatest Success Just One Step Beyond Their Greatest Failure.
tomorrow is my birthday XD I hope your wish me a Happy Birthday
I'm really not looking forward to tomorrow with all the kids coming to class saying they're high
Rick Santorum is an idiot
to ...SAY, Thank you, Thank You, Thank you for the absolutely AMAZING and WONDERFUL shows you have given us and me, that I ...
Semesters are too damn long.
Before I run from a niggah, I'll lose a fight.
just come stay with us yayyyy
what's wrong with Qdoba?? I like them better.
Sweet party pic!
nah lol I'm not
I'm wondering the same thing xD
Peyton Manning is headed to Denver to be #Tebow s Obi-Wan Kenobi
me &kacey put princess clips in our hair. & kacey ended up stealing hers, but i put my mine back ahah.
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow that Im a true mahomie, id do anything for I'd take a bullet for him if I had 2, So go ahead, say Im fake.
#NowWatching channel #MPTV 10.1 I just got done Floor Managing this show #Interchange. I'm in the credits!!
Hey sexy lady.
Thank you sweetie! XOXOXO
I'm not proud of my eating habits right now.
I hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving week!!
I see be forgettin about a brother..........
Thanks for the reminder about the #PerennialPremiere - I didn't realize it was this weekend! :)
If you just give a shot, I promise you i'll score
yea my nigga
Shark diving &#39;promotes coral reef conservation&#39;
Dave thanks for the follow
until i see him in an interview or something. I won't believe he's back! btw, i'm a huge TUPAC FAN!
Damn I wish I was home this like the 4th Christmas in a row I missed being over seas smh
<3 RT If you don't agree with you're retarded, just sayin.
#AnnoyingAsianThings when they hand up first in class when i wanted to answer the question!
Contrary to popular belief the City of Washington and the District of Columbia are not the same entities to be said interchangeably.
New single "Subway" coming soon! Produced by
😉☺ RT : Smile. It Irritates Those Who Wish To Destroy You.
I'm pumped for the Future of Web Design Conference in NYC tomorrow! Who else is going?
“: Your friends have great families and successful careers. You are good at the Internet.”
I want Call of Duty - Black Ops 2 so fucking bad!!! Its fucking epic as ever! ._.
definitely cause for celebration! welcome!
I am not surprised as I read recently that some guys had figured out how to crack CAPTCHA. Maybe what you're seeing is a reponse to this.
So, you are not alone. More importantly, your posts are not crap. Not at all!!! I think you're wonderful!!!
Cargo with his 2nd triple,
How true, startign to feel bad about leaving you gues, but really like the new job.
Damn Weather, me too lol.
it's James! Shhhhhhhh.
What's wrong w/mail betw Norway & here? Pkg sent month+ ago not here. :( At least U.S. mail's working. Inventory started to arrive. :)
Grilled epic dinner -- asparagus (w/balsamic redux), sweet potato, marinated chix w/ Love
stiles was mad as hell lol poor derek
SIT DOWN GURL SIT DOWN GURL
thx for the kind words and retweet :) u rock!
Gr8 day so far!
Now that's what I call a Yankees game!
When we beat UK Monday, I'll be running up to Mass street, & just like '08, we'll show Calapari how classy fans celebrate.
We want to thank everyone for getting us to 1000+ followers! You guys are amazing and spread the word. Big things are happening
Court reporting is an important mechanism in facilitating due process and the availability of equal protection
From a history of sewing site: Filmmaker Tim Burton had a life-long fascination with scissors, calling them an interesting invention.
4 IS THE GREATEST ALBUM IN 2011!!!
I'm in your area sort of.
Incredibly proud of the 8 teams (18 students) that advanced to #DECAICDC finals!
thank you Kathleen
Boy: Wanna have sex? Girl: My doctor said I can't have sex for 2 weeks. Boy: What did your dentist say?
Go Librarians! RT‏ Children's author Beverly Cleary (96 today!) says school librarian got her to love reading.
Living the blessed is not by chance. Your choices today make up your tomorrows.
Today seemed like the first day of fall :(
passed 4,000 followers today! thank you all for the support! :)
Damn you May 1st!!!! First Yo, now Gamel! Terrible.
#FF music! beer! money! What else ya need???
In 2009 he was my common denominator, In 2010 he was my Baby, In 2011 he was my drummer boy, In 2012 he is my boyfriend. ;) <333
deal. I'd even be ok with a Burrows/Torres Frankenjersey.
Happy new years , im happy for u from all of ur bieber fan, i love u!!! <3BiEbEr*FeVeR<3
The armory the show curators: too many typographic neon pieces.
Off to the airport to make my triumphant return to Minnesota!
stay tuned.
yelling while driving home >>>>>
Stay calm and aggressive. (or "humble & hungry") -- Gabrielle Reece
RT : My thoughts exactly! RT : Not the year for music at #sb45 they should have just invited the entire Glee crew.
thanks 4 following me Facebook like Apriss the model & friend me April lakergirl Bynum #FF also me
I'm making a cake & brownies 4 my mom 2morrow for mothers day thn have 2 call edible arrangements :)
haha I know! Fine in my next profile picture I will show my face!
Rare grad school pleasures: found brand new Complete Oxford Middleton ($200) for $30. We!
dude whatever
Thx to Kristen Grimm of Spitfire Strategies for a great day of public speaking training for staff.
best mug shot
Hi Tyler long time no tweet. I hope all is well. I'm so ready for Teen Wolf 2 return :D Please follow me sometime ;)
Time for plan B. let's get creative, shall we?
Breaking: LONDON (AP) -- British police say they are treating the discovery of a body on the queen's Sandringham estate as murder.
I'm try and head down there in march for wmc again but im drive this time I'm going to pr in jan come thur bro !
Lloyd LJ rules in Tate & Lyle Technology v. Roquette Freres case involving interpretation of the claim in the patent: [2010] EWCA Civ 1049.
Try to post with us www.joborworker.com. we can send you promo codes for free job posting! Soon will go internationally!
Looking for hosts in L.A.
I will steal my licks like a thief in the shadows.
look at you look at me
Nat'l legislatures opining on fitness of individuals to lead private firms (major international or not) seems foreign to this American.
Did you know September is National Chicken Month!?!? What would YOU do for some free chicken?
Come on man. You've got to be joking.
Good seeing ya too! Best of luck with your future plans & all that jazz. Don't be a stranger.
Any #mahomies know how to help me put a tribute video for on youtube???
i'm catching up to Bethenny, too. I want to go to Mexico!
100% Anus Beef? Hardee's, that's a mighty important G to leave off on a billboard.
In Search of... "The Muscles Under The Fat"
I woke up thankful for new opportunities and blessings! How about you?
what you mean how I figure
i say this all the time
RT : RT: "The failure of prevention costs money."
Oddly enough, the whiskey after shave splash from goes quite well with the Avacado hand lotion from
RT : I will be on radio show Thursday night introducing my artist :30 PST. Follow
Great piece by David Hall on Puritans & communal good in Wed. 11/23 NYTimes.
Crowdsourcing is now considered a word according to the Merriam-Weber Dictionary! Just another step at solidifying the industry.
Your never too young or to old to dream
writing a piece on the silo effect now based on Gillian Tett's excellent thoughts in Financial Times
“: ur never too young to dream big. #trillshit”
#TCM bringing the thunder tonight. My Man Godfrey. Timeless. Hilarious. Silly. Brilliant.
Sounds like you pulled the short straw for #ASOT550 in Kiev. At least I know I will see you in Chicago soon
All hail the new Screaming Tuna Mayor, !
That's awesome that you met Janet and Kathleen! I didn't know Allison lived in Tennessee.
Teaching kids about giving during Xmas is like hiking to the bottom of the ocean: intriguing but ultimately futile.
Okay now I'm speechless!! She's 16!! Unreal
Got my first fishing license in Wisconsin for the weekend opener. Only $5. Ready to land a Talapia.
My office is now officially ready for the live streaming to begin! I am still planning to have it Friday night. Stay tuned!
Whose joining my weightless/ fit challenge?
Yes, I'm lucky
What variety of bourbon are you drinking today?
' impression of in the Weight Watchers commcercial: HILARIOUS!!
Yard work for Sunday
wait!? Thought u weren't tweeting today?? ;)
My first children’s book is coming soon! If you are looking for a great gift for a child you know, put “The Belly Monster” on your list!
I just got an autograph in the mail from Mia last week(: i was so excited! Haha
Exactly! It comes together with some work, right?
Just flew in from Boston. Had some great people and stores there.
I want some hot apple cider. M
And guess what? 900,024 more tweets till i reach 1 million! haha
watching the polar express
I promise! :)
Counterparts has probably some of thee most relatable lyrics
okay, she's the kind of person that barely gets on Twitter so tomorrow at school i will tell her to :D
Bulls and Pacers 4 Duke Blue Devils in the game whens the last time that happened??
I really need to do that Couch to 5K thing. Even Breakfast Table to 1K would be fine.
Come check out our Backstage Tours Mondays and Wednesdays from noon to 1:30. Call 770-445-7713 to set up a time.
forgot about your hw again huh smh PAY ME !
No market predictions but Dow 7500 could happen in 6 months. I said COULD. Short selling works in any market.
To my legion of 13 followers (five of whom are not bots)--yep, I got hacked. Lo siento, and Happy New Year.
should give us something from a new song for Valentine's Day. :) For all us single people out here!
Heat beat Grizzlies in six to win the championship.
If you place a fresh Viagra tablet in a houseplant's soil every six months, the plant will not wilt.
We look forward to seeing your review! And we'd love to get feedback once you've had more time with it.
Husband's strong as an ox, but screams like a little girl when it comes to spiders.
ya i can just wait 10 min, i have to run an errand :)
Wow. Eli Manning is at my cousins wedding. What do u know.
Now that is a cocktail we could get involved with.
Follow my Instagram.
I didn't save my drunk baseball talk for Friday night. I've let myself and the rest of you down. I'll just have to do it again tomorrow.
Please Please Follow me :) I Love You and Cody So Much :)
Good morning ☀😁
Check this out! [www.EverythingIsEnergySummit.com] Phenomenal Speakers, Topics, and Tools! Transformational Tools Taught Right On The Calls!
thx. Actually already have one :)
im going to class
And the ship starts to sink.
True, M, my mom is not on social media so you can feel free to "nag" me in her place ;)
IRS Agents?
Walking Max(:
Let go of what you can’t change.
goodnight for you :)
Just got home from school now i am on the phone with ASU cause they lost my money! D:
Yes!!! RT : Tonight also mark's Futty Danso's 2012 season debut for the Timbers.
Lmao! Had to get try that one in. Most peeps always ASSUME their kids will be heterosexual. Lol
cool hear you guys on satellite radio! Thanx for the follow. \m/ !!
youre supposed to like them fool
Kindness should not be mistaken for weakness.
there is definitely more only had it for 5 minutes
hell yeah, without a doubt!!!! thats my word
you're right Churro, I'm bein' a bro. Shame.
#Bowwownation why I thought V.I.P Tickets were back stage passes to meet our love ones #HeartBreaker lmaoo
DYK? Phi Beta Sigma founded by three men ...Happy Founders Day
RT : "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." -Anne Frank
Great Music equals Greater Times...PALI's music can be a soundtrack to YOU life!
Get a discount, chat with us, and register for the Poetry Off the Page symposium? Nowaywhere?! Our booth @ the AWP Book Fair is where!
Who wants to drive out here this weekend.. Stay at my house.. And go to LA vs OKC game 4 to watch the sweep?
Tune in to Sports Talk from 9-10!
Once you do it twice, it's not a mistake anymore. You were supposed to learn from your mistakes, and you didn't.
Yayyyy!!!! Tar Heels!!! Listened to the game thanks to the #MarchMadness app :)
Integrating fdback from panelists...Great ideas for Af Am Ldshp Prog and Building Capacity Prog
Oh, you should be having fun then
This ought to be good.
Eager to wrap up winter quarter.
Ok Everyone I Followed everyone Back!!!!! <3
Good to see Jered Weaver's dad nursed that beer for the duration of the no-hitter.
school supplies that I love: pens and notebooks
« « RT if you TRULY love the DRUMS!»»
That speculation is ridiculous. What Apple is doing is legal AND good for shareholders. No impact on the price.
Children of the Corn Muffins
Going out for my every day 1 hour ride around the park and get lost!!
MAHOMIES ANND BELIEBERS GO FOLLOW i PROMISE you wont regret it!! <3 (:
Calling it a night. Wrapping at 1100 words, none of which are "tomfoolery" or "wrangled", Better luck next time, eh?
i am selling my mac book pro. r u interested?
totally agree! I ate too much and could not be any more full. Good though!
SHIT POSTED AT THE CRIB, BEATS ON BLAST BREWS ON CHILL, AND SUMTHIN IN THE ASHTRAY..
If you were planning on buying me a t-shirt make sure there is a left breast pocket.
Can you like stop playing with my emotions? Thanks
Investors shun French bonds as election continues
I'll give you a cookie if you follow me! (;
When I was a teen we would skip school and ride the bus to the #Tigers opener at historic Tiger Stadium every year. Kids still do that?
I'm gonna beej u
Thanks :) It's short, but I thought it was a good way to start it. The next one will be longer.
Looking for an escape from the rain? Check out for #Hawaiian grub. De-Licious
finish him with Kirken-turn-Jack's-mic-off!
ASK ME ABOUT MY WIENER!!!
Hmm... My computer is having trouble reading my Snow Leopard install DVD. WTF?
be back twebs
You always draw me back in.
Ku wins! Kuwins! Do you believe in basketball, cuz I do!
But GOD...
looking for a job
By Friday, we'll all be five days older. Let's make it count. What will you accomplish by Friday?
I am deleting all the events from my mind.
#Nowplaying: Benjamin Francis Leftwich - Box of Stones
We have a 1-3NLH in action... Come on over and start earning your hours for this week's Freeroll!
yes. Definitely.
Hm yes it is, but it was even MORE delicious in my head.
“: No means No nicca” go to sleep
#MMA will be the biggest sport in the PLANET in 20 yrs !! Remember I said it !!!
junior fear the beard!
Joined a new gym and hired a new trainer! Am lovin it, so gotta run to meet my trainer. Talk later, friends. ヾ(●⌒∇⌒●)ﾉ Have an awesome day!
Escape your cubicles today at lunch and join us on the sunny patio! Spring is here!
I want a Turkey and Gravy badge from
The poor puppy was in there crying in pain, and someone called animal services. I'm glad they were able to take the bullet out and save him.
Great game! Go SD Enforcers! 23-15 Against USMC Bulldogs. Cool night in Escondido
this r&b shyt is gonna be mines...trying to be the new r.kelly
gotta find a cool idea for a #STEELERSTATTOO anyideas?
hahaha... Not at all ( : and I absolutely hate when ppl call me TT !! Ughh..
That's disappointing!! I'm here at the game now!! RT : Melo says he won't play vs Cavs. Graham will start 4th str gm.
I don't trust anyone who describes something as 'a blast.'
Don't give me reason
Listening to #Saysomething :) It is fabulous! I love you: D
Cannot believe am waiting for a client who is over an hr late & has been promising to be here anytime soon!
Everyone needs to go check out .. Follow and support' good friends of ours! :) <3
on "...a little mazel never hurt, never hurt." Indeed.
what was scary?
Interesting how when you settle into a new relationship, old flames try to come out the woodwork.
hahaha, could never do it, and I'm white, oh well!
520 bridge tolling is ON. $2.80 now. $3.50 at 7am. Plus another $1.50 if you don't have the Good to Go transponder.
is a straight up hustler. That explains the track suit. Awesome.
#breakingnews RT : You're not being very cooperative Lisa...
Yes, I recall Lugar making similar remarks during August 2009, especially over the racist signage. Oh wait ... I don't.
RT : Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow. Mark Twain
World of jenks is amazing
can we switch? Me be a floater and you work with this seat filler that I'm stuck with
Apparently the MOTHER OF ALL STORMS is in route to Los Angeles. Stay safe all.
Literally had my sunglasses in my hands and still forgot them. Where is my mind today?
Back to the OC I go!
#superbowl - nervous as hell. is it too early to start drinking?
Happy birthday
So sweet. Hetero-life-mates forever.
whats the paper on? I'll trade you some Hebrew homework... #gradstudentsrock PS congrats on #Yitro!
gonna go get some food.
I'm tasting red velvet cake ice cream for the first time...it is heavenly. I'm wondering why I haven't had it before.
RED FLAG WARNING: NE NJ, HUDSON VALLEY, INlAND CT. High fire danger through 8 PM. Please be very careful with any kind of flammable material
Where'd all the good people go?
Do dogs ever say: "It’s a human eat human world"? I don't think so.
yeah buddy
follow back?
I heard your quest walked 20 blocks last night to be there. I'd say she is looking for something to help her. What's her why?
I'm not on my period. I'm just weird...regardless.
Dined like a Goodfella Wise Guy on my own spaghetti and gravy. I'm feeling like a big goomba.
Most of our worrying is just wasted energy.
Did U Fight Her?
RT : Beliebers Will Always Love Justin ♥ <<Just like we will always love Micheal Jackson. ^.^
nun over at my homeboy house playin this duty u?
Oh, I see. That had been working to get a number of my friends in. Guess it isn't now.
How about just Wisconsin??
Can't sleep
the main reason a girl needs a dad is to show her, that not all guys are like the one that hurt her .
Im off to bed soon unfortunately
ONE DIRECTION WHY DON'T YOU COME TO NASHVILLE AGAIN THIS YEAR???????!!!!!!!!!
The less you need, the richer you are.
Laughing to myself as tweets as much as possible to get his tweet number up.
I like solitude better anyway.
didn't know there was an election tonight, you ignorant fucks! Be patient.
asks "What if every church didn't see itself as the moral police of its community?"
super pretty!
same here but I hate her even more cause she cheated on the boy that I'm madly in love with
"The pump don't work 'cause the vandals took the handles"
my son & I cracking up on how Len's score is consistently at least minus 1 from others.
I am both
Lord, I pray that you take the hearts of your people captive in a radical & new way. Set them ablaze. Time for people to really see Jesus!
Coolest holiday party gift: whiskey stones. Who knew whiskies had stones that big?
But it's one hell of a lecture, absolutely fascinating material and really artfully delivered.
Potential all nighter ahead
RT : Keep your #normalskin happy by washing it twice a day & using a light moisturizer
I think it's spam.
I've taken more notes for free online classes than irl classes that I've paid for.
My funnines goes up 100% when am around my best friend,
tweet what?
#3WordsOfAdvice Life Goes On ...
sorry he's mine next week.
Follow my official tweets on Twitter. What tweets governor? I don't see any.....
oh is that wierd? Cause I do too...😳 jkjk
The number of measles cases in MN have spiked. What you need to know coming up on the
i wonder how franklin the turtle is doing
I'll take care of you! - Drake
God bless you sister! I would never make it without God. Happy Easter!
you may have your chance someday. Not sure they fit anymore!
We're glad to be a provider of your great product and we #like Gerber!
Hope you have a great time at the exhibition yesterday!
OWASP Orlando now has a co-leader! Q2 meeting for May looking pretty awesome as well. SQLi and Mobile (in)Security fun!
You mean like you opinion on "Neon Bible?"
BIG, booty big booty big booty. UH HUH. UH HUH. Booty to the 1. 1 to the 2. 2 to the 1. 1 to the 3. 3 to the booty! Haha
I already miss my crush at my homeschool class </3 I wont be able to see him until the beggining of next year. :( heartbroken
lmao. Me either -.- Are you here?!
Woke up this morning with adrenaline pumping for the WSU v Creighton game today. #GoShockers! Beat those dirty Blue Jays.
bring your rosary and pray to grandma
M Peanut Butter! <3
hahaha wait, thought that one girl that you look like was getting punk'd
loved csi:miami last night
Therefore we do not lose heart. Though outwardly we are wasting away, yet inwardly we are being renewed day by day. (2 Corinthians 4:16-17)
New Blog Post #FLXwine PT2 let the drinking begin! bit.ly/o3JZKe
I don't care what kinda day you're having,leave your bad day at home. Be nice to people,geez does a smile hurt? Does love seem so bad?
What is integrative about yoga is everything we have yet to learn about the mind/body connection.
I am alive and well in Washington state.
Get together with friends to race sprint cars on my private dirt track, or go fishin
THIS IS NOT REAL THIS IS NOT REAL THIS IS NOT REAL. RT : Lindsay Lohan to play Elizabeth Taylor in Lifetime biopic 'Liz and Dick'
Chicken crusted with almonds
He that won't be counselled can't be helped.
#FF love to these great tweeps!
When they call you babe and your not going out yet >
Yes I was singing #saysomethin , people were like what the f*ck r u singing am lyke o_O its a mahomie ting!! its very catchy!!
Getting respite in the pediatric dentist's waiting room. ;)
how do I separate mail merge pages for emailing to separate recipients?
yea send it to our emails
actually I found a few of her relatives o.O lmaooo
Drove on I-84 today to where it ended...in Massachusetts.
Perez Hilton asked Anderson Cooper, Kevin Spacey & Jodie Foster to come out. That should be up to them. This is their career after all.
is mad at #TeamMindless the haven't tweeted today...........man i feel sad :(
Way to go Peka great save!
Tomorrow: Water Music Studio w and Canada Day. Thursday: Norway with and his band.
Hope you got great seats! Have a great time at the #BellAFB game! Let us know if we can answer any questions for you.
So cold in my apartment brrrrrrrr!
Happy May Day! May it be full of flowers and sun and happiness!
Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
Its okay wit me
Why is it when I bring up the website there are no extra toolbars but when other people launch the website, there are?
I wish tomorrow is the best school day ever!
How many calls does Tommy Digger Gugger have timake to make a placement?
Wait, what was I saying??
hey man this movies wack they been in this cave forever
I am so fuckin hungry!!!!
Is that even legal? ;)
Wish u were my partner in crime tonight. Instead I'm just single.
Pulling an all nighter to be in warm Greece in the morning!
It's a beautiful day in NYC! Headed out shopping with boyfriend extraordinaire,
thanks for making the convention a great success! Looking forward to next year already!
Glad it was great. I hope I can get there next time. How often does happen?
Be sure to come out for the open house meeting tomorrow at the RMC. Learn about the GSA officer positions and you can get involved.
More pplz needs to start following me
Last Friday Night.
maybe? I'll text you when I know fashoooo
yes it is !
Thanks to all of our men & women serving in the Armed Forces!!!! Coa is proud to offer you 25% off your dinner tonight!!
Thanks guys, appreciate the shout out!
Why do midgets laugh when they run? The grass tickles their balls.
S/O to tha new followers #TeamFollowBack (:
Thank you to Bob Brenley for declaring the inning a confidence booster for Marmol during the Braun at bat.
Holding off until six pm to start the frozen margaritas while teens play miniature golf watchig "The Hangover"
Is anyone going to see All Time Low at The Rave in Milwaukee this Friday 4/22?!
I wake up missing you and go to bed missing you :(
#BackInElementarySchool I broke this guys names Keaton's heart when he asked me if I wanted icecream&I told him I was hav icecream w/ Devon
Just parallel parked like a boss(:
Keep us posted #not ... #okI'mcurious
Just fell in love with cooking. What kitchen essentials do you recommend for beginners?
anything I can do I'm here to help! Good Luck!!
#WeAreUK RT #Seahawks take Kentucky SS Winston Guy with their 2nd sixth-round pick (No. 181 overall).
Love that sends me an email with the gate info for my connecting flight. I know exactly where to go when I deplane
They need it to see if you fit in the Borg Collective or the Soylent Green department.
Now that its raining more than ever.. know that will still have each other.. you can stay under my umbrella ella ella eh eh <3
You know what day it will be a week from now? My birthday!!!! And now I already have in mind who's gonna be invited and who's not. ;)
dude... he replied to me TWICE. damn. THATS WHATS UP. ♥ ^-^
you are in that group of blond white girls that aren't allowed to say that. Feel lucky you can even listen to it
Makethat ass Shak 'make the ground move thats a assQuak 'build a house up on that ass thts assstate 'row my weed up on tht ass thts asstray
eww lol, how are you gunna say that "she's about to be thick when she gets older" about a baby haha
it will be a hassle for me to do that but okay
USCIS puts cases same-sex partner cases on hold while awaiting final guidance on legal issues involving Defense of Marriage Act...
This is happening: tour field trip. Tuesday. Thanks to & My scholars are gonna love it.
I love falling asleep at night and waking up to her in da morning<3
Jeff: Reference for several hours, then working with project and student workers, then reference in the afternoon
Im Just Now Knowing That I Passed Out A Lot Of Money Today!
I just got back an hour ago :).
Ambitious Girl :-)
PickUpLine: Can I flirt with you?
You are right. it is silly to actually hold her accountable for her losses which have hurt the movement
They say flinstones vitamins are chewable, all vitamins are chewable they just taste shitty
Juvenile Facing 90 Days in Jail for Failing to Pay Almost $200K in Child Support
Pizza for breakfast
You didn't come..
=O what is it!!
good to see you tonight-- you looked adorable!
S/0 to my big bro
just saw a sign for a new location in Chicago. Great news! Tell me more!
Happiness is worth more after you experience pain.... Because you appreciate it more.
It's so good! You need to try the "Best Drink Ever." Its my fav and it will def wake you up in the morning
Jam session tonight! The Falls Lounge in Downtown. 626 S. Spring St. Its gonna be awesome, so come down and play some tunes!
“: Go #heat!” Hahaha
"McDonald's chicken nuggets look like pink yogurt!" dude, I saw that too 😱
not to mention nourishment
Thanks for letting us know! mouse411: highvoltagemag WeAreSATELLITE is the band to look out for 2012...
Funny how people say you mean something to them but then ends up screwing you over.
If you're gonna skip my recordings, the LEAST you could do is let me know.
How in the world can people sit around and allow the various media exploit the average citizens in this country by constantly rubbing.....
I have a new appreciation for okgo ..they have sick music videos!!
Pets outside? Make sure they have water, & so they won't be drinking hot water... CHANGE THE WATER OFTEN so they'll get refreshment. :-)
I wanna try Microdermabrasion
but you pinky promised. You can't break a pinky promise.
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/07/2012
#AustinYouShouldGoToGermanyAlsoForTheNeighboursLikeHollandAndBelgium long trend but YEAH COOL :D
Ladies... I've never seen a better looking guy than !! Follow him! Phew... lol
What games are you looking forward to adding to your Check ins?
yea so now I totally get your tweet ;) haha
best available players!!!
Thank you Mitchell.
she is going to let you wait till Friday? You told her you didn't know it?
any teams left?
I just RT someone this morning saying the exact same thing!
I'm good, had an amazing day on the bike today, gonna be rising this high out for a while! How are you guys doing?
Just joined and the #WalkwithTom team for the #JDRF walk tomorrow. Excited to help the cause!
Pls. RT: #MIXTAPE will be available as an e-book through iTunes, April 4. The first issue with 14-track playlist
Stupid rain
What's good twiggas s/o to all my new followers...
- tried to link your web page to the spekeze facebook page, but it's not working???
For the hip, badass bride!
Gregg will be sporting the new Brew Dr. wagon at #LastThursday tonight. Come get your kombucha fix right out of the tap!
everybody follow
Yes sir, can't wait for the All Star Game
No one can rain on your parade if you decide it's gonna be sunny outside!
In the event you do build a brilliant experience, customers tell one another about that. Word of mouth is very powerful.
u wanna come??
I'm not sure about you, but I am completely excited about this year's Indie book festival. Share some of your thoughts about the festival!
I know it's cliche, but one time in my life I wanna drive 90 mph with the top down through the desert into the sunset...
I bought two books to hold me over.
lmao... what??? If you don't get yo big kiwi skin having ass outta here looking like you was baptize in coconut juice....!
Just interviewed in his office. Coverage tonight at 5 and 6.
At the with and ! So much goodness here! :)
PLEASE HELP SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT A MINDLESS MONSTER NAMED JOSEPH KONY!!!
Britney On XFactor
Haha glad I could make you laugh :b
where's the defibrillators?
Wrote my first historical essay for children today. Felt like a solid draft; hopefully the editor agrees!
note- research shows self-regulation weakest @ end of day. Yet another reason to develop good addictions.
US tweeters! Share your love for Hershey here and win Hersheys great new product Drops chocolates. Selecting winners today so hurry & tweet!
yep they got away with that against the Wings too
I'm not sure that they are looking at the same transformation that I am.
never heard it referred to like that...
any brands/flavors you recommend?
Getting hair done #yes!
some girls are only bitches cause they have a low tolerance for bullshit
What a fun night. All the sleep felt like nothing.
>ICONic Boyz : favorite kind of chips and favorite sonq rite now?Please tell them to give me a shoutout :Bethel from Chicago.
Thanks for the RT!
And because the Raiders didn't have a pick in the first round, so there's nothing to ridicule except as to how they wound up with no pick.
As a licensed attorney working with intellectual property and business this is a topic with directly affects me. Interesting read.
Oohhh baby baby Oohhh baby baby
Teaching this weekend Urban Flow, get wit it.
Damn Billups out for season with torn Achilles.
Hey T2 ... Bank of America Shamrock Shuffle is having an event tonight for all charity runners at Lizzy McNeil's ... stop over.
it is very. It's just the beginning of a very hot summer!
"True story" is the phrase thats gonna take the place of "real talk"
Including that one? RT : Almost every wise saying has an opposite one, no less wise, to balance it. -- George Santayana
#turntoyou is absolutely inspiring and shows what a real artist like you can do! Make a change!
Bored Watching Victorious
Well hello
I appreciate that very much ;)
I approach the game of Jenga the same way I approach a woman: I get frustrated, knock that shit on the floor & kick it. FUCKING BITCH. :)
Consumer sub services: Amazon Prime, Ebrary, Safari, Baen and others.
Followed. Follow and
Favorite line in Clannad: Negi's dad: You act like we got an ass full of porn magazines back here. But we don't. XD
I feel such disconnect from the things that used to matter-My art fills the empty space on my walls but cant fill the emptiness in my heart
Sneaking around a public place because you don't want to see anyone you know there.
#GirlsShould drink whiskey and talk back.
I miss u. For Real.
why do puerto ricans always smells like baby lotion..
let's go tomorrow!
#CSSOff design looks both fun and deceptively complicated. Can't wait to dig into it after work tonight.
Past bedtime. But, my brain's not getting the message. Hitting self with sledgehammer in the forehead. Will let you know how it works out.
Snow, and staying the night in Salmon Creek. Hoping I can get to my meeting tomorrow..
I got a question? Do you all know that Iran just sent 15k troops into Syria? The media is silent.
Rick Perry dropping out of GOP race
yeah not sure how to explain the dolphin...thank you for coming out - hope you had fun...
Clippers are just not as experienced as spurs.... #itsgoodtobeold lol the wise come out
New business idea: vegetarian offsets
I have no doubt he can do 30, but can he keep going for the entire 90 secs?
This is what happens when people over the age of 50, who still use IE as a default browser, try to do things unsupervised online.
Maybe he hasn't found the right one yet.
nope just kiddie menu
...plus w/ House Finance Cmte budget hearings and Cecelia Mason reports on the Lunchbox Fndtion
I couldn't agree with you more! Never thought of parenting and golf together, you nailed it.
Dream house looked all scary but I ended up crying  it was just so sad my heart broke
If you've come 2 help me, You're wasting yr time. But if you've come b/c your liberation is bound up w/mine, then let us work together.
discussing the shifts in UK &Australia with advent of corporate law
De nada :b : Thanks for following :)
glad to hear that. And I'll be back-and-forth between Boston and RI. We'll talk for sure!
ps loved your take on #NFL greed. Those guys need reality check & I hope some of us back away b/c we feed it
Quarrels would not last long if the fault were only on one side.
I invented cupcakes.
Tas crusty o no??
Slightly disappointed at the weak match up in this yrs Peach Bowl... Er Chick Fil A Bowl
i would i agree
The Street Stops Here is a great documentary about basketball and their Bob Hurley Sr plus Tyshawn Taylor happens to be in it
Friday night - 8pm - concert - outdoors - fireworks - 1812 Overture and more - - come on out - its free! East Park, Worcester, MA
Tollation; tolling roads with little or no regard for the voice of the toll payer.
You can tell me what I'm feeling is wrong. Tell my heart and see if it cares.
they never shut up lol always howlin
Honestly, take out the cursing, and the film is a Hallmark channel movie. I was disappointed.
part of my job today has been helping people recognize april fools jokes. skepticism is just one of my services.
......making chicken alfredo pasta from scratch!!.....family guy!...
Well a suitcase fell ontop of me when i was packing, and i sprained my ankle but besides that Im good :3 lol
I want to go too
Chicago OHare is 5 for 5 today: Delayed taxi to gate, delayed takeoff, gate changes on both ends, & an aircraft change due to "bird strike"
belated thanks!
Only 1 more day until the 2012 Quality of Life Dashboard is released AND to enter our Quality of Life IQ challenge...
Thanks for the follow. We really appreciate the good folks in L'burg!
so who here uses distortion pluggins? and what do you use?
well I guess,but what kind of health things would we talk about?
TX has oldest congressional delegation, av. 63, while av. for Congress is 58 despite TX as nation's 2nd youngest population w/median of 33.6
Love this. RT : T3: I write for myself but if I am in doubt about how a post goes over I will ask people close to me.
Wild weather ahead for Sydney
LOL Chicago-based Art Advisories and their websites.
AND you gave me an idea for a blog post :) i appreciate you for that! will give you credit ;)
thanks for the retweet. see ya tomorrow!
Almost bedtime....and then you're saying the same thing 6 hrs later. I wish to blow shit up. Where's Filthy?
On the other hand, Douglas Adams would be so proud yet simultaneously, insanely jealous.
Talk to me like I'm stupid: Are there instructions for how to do basic "sandbox for personal use" installs of stuff like Omeka, Dspace, AT?
gurl, it being acoustic makes u even more hardcore! Praying for a speedy recovery. <3
I still don't like #timeline. Let's keep my acne-faced, brace-wearing, "High School Musical"-loving self in the past where she belongs.
I hear that lady. I'm sorry to hear you're having a rough week. Chin up, buttercup. Thinking about you. :)
what can I say?... I'm just a "loving" individual... Haha
Agreed! RT : We are a big fan of mirrors not just for home decor, but #wedding or #special event stuff too.
aw thank you! If you ever need anything in here too! <3
Happiness is going in for "Woman #3" and walking away with the leading role.A reminder to always give 100% on all roles, you just never know
Look what's showing in theatres now: My Week With Marilyn Trailer 2011 - Official [HD]
Madison Wi tonight heading for Flordia tomorrow hope see can find a short track down there
Did he lose a bet??
Looks like it. Crap.
Keep rabbits inside - March of myxomatosis - Campbelltown Macarthur Advertiser
Cheers Greg. RT Congrats to honored today at 40 Under 40
Im on One.
Just posted a step by step guide for changing sales tax rates in QuickBooks....check it out on my blog: blog.qbgal.com
In holding now.
I might just be the maddest person in the world right now
thats right sugar...let these suckas know wer to go to follow an ol frail OG badd weed smokin bitch...stay 100
you do realize I can't send you explicit DMs if you don't follow me, right? ;-)
Wanna laugh so bad lmao
I hope he gets some screen time soon. He's been pushed to the background for too long.
In 23 days I will be employed as an archaeologist again!
Oh that right...there was a national unplug your life weekend or something. Is that why you did stayed off Twitter?
its 8:30pm. :) How's your day going?
Watching Latrice? Be my momma? Please?
Happy mothers day to all the mothers in the world. 😃❤💐
Depends what state you live in. Most don't publicly fund abortion, unfortunately, thanks to the Hyde Amendment.
Yesterday's Crosstown Shootout brawl an embarrassment to Cincinnati. Need accountability or discontinue.
Can't take anymore of this D':
Sweet. If you come around #rva let me know. When is the album going to be released?
hey real TALK i know it was called MARTIN but PAM was DAT mufucka i mean you Made The show good wit ur comebacks
East Andrews Cafe & Bar. 56 East Andrews Dr NW, ATL, GA. Goilli and Crystals Boutique Fashion Show. Come out
Anything for a birthday boy! Stay positive kid! RT : I'm a huge fan! Can I get a RT for my bday?! #TeamKyle lol
Gotta love when ex's of friends call u restricted to start shit...I'd be honored honestly to lay this kid jealous douche out
2-3-4 coming up for the #Brewers, down 0-1 after 5. What say we do something?
Tuantuan ranching is probably Hoth's number one enterprise for this very same reason.
Super glad it's friday! What is everyone have planned for your 4th weekend?!
In love with Mayday Parade :)
Wow can't wait to never ever have to set foot in this school again. 😒
Cool. I have nothing to wear tomorrow -_-
Sounds like I'm going swimming (:
likely mentally ill i would guess. but dedicated! can't imagine it would be easy to get floor level seats for the playoffs lol
Is it wrong to make a Google Doc so people can sign up for time slots to see me over spring break?
I'm an Apple fan too! I look forward to Apple TV. Think Google TV, Apple TV, and Roku all have their individual strengths.
Most pools need to be shocked after a heavy rain.
Oh, My BAD! Lol. Not gonna lie, I miss you dumb self -_-
#OneThingILove is your smile i love it more when im the reason behind it
SolidFire talking about carving up the performanec of storage and alloting it out on an app by app basis
leaving at lunch.. epic.
; -___- just go to sleep already, since you refuse to text me.
I think Mike Tyson took a cue from The Situation and didn't use Comedy Central's staff writers.
Time to get your Happy on! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
What's your go to snack, ?
I need to stay in my financial lane!
thanks for mentioning the blog post!!!
Yes you will.
their is a guy tht looks like justin bieber im really freaking out what if its him
Just stop!! Lmao
Every choice you make is a chance to make the world a better place.
If you live here,we would totally be on our way to go see James Franco rn.ugh
Sleep over butStill awake can't fall asleep my cousin is snoring so loud
What dates. I'll be in Eulthera March 1-10. Lets link up for some photos.
Probably more like 2014. Will be lucky to be mound ready by mid season 2013.
Roger waters performing The Wall in its entirety! Not Montreal but one of the only 3 venues from the original tour...I guess this will do.
Today is sunday! It mean church day! Blood Of Jesus
#IWantYouTo want me the way I want youu.
Alright alright alllrrriiiggghhttt!!!! “: The heat gon learn tonight”
Im on da bus. We out to da fair with my bestie
Bahahaha ... Love this.
Not to be braggy, but my shadow is lookin so good today. Supa-model.
Coppin my first skateboard right now.. Wassup
From CDOT I-25 SOUTHBOUND at 84th will be closed in 30 minutes to clean icicles.
DJ Cyn Spinnin at CopperTop bottom of Peak 9 (Beaver Run Chair) starting at 2pm! Come get some drinks and listen to beats after you Shred!!
Live music at an exhibition opening versus background ambiance: what do you prefer?
Thanks for bringing us so much joy. Your future is bright. God Bless.
thanks so much!! :)
also next time I see you remind me to lend you ABRAHAM LINCOLN: VAMPIRE HUNTER THE BOOK
Listening to Beyonce makes me feel so hood.
Thanks dude. I'm pulling for you. You're the best, forget everything says.
51% Think Like a Man In Think Like a Man , an otherwise standard rom-com is partially elevated by a committed -- and attractive -- cast,
Imma have a double double tomorrow
Wow the crazies are out today.....
Thanks !! The old one was kinda growing on me... *sigh* but time for a new change.
You forgot to mention that Panetta made the troops disarm before the speech!
right back at ya Helene! It was so good to see u yesterday. Have a great weekend! :)
we got the race, cedar point already.. we are being pretty efficient so far lol
I just wanted everyone 2 know that is still my fav #hunkalert~he even offered to help w/ donations 2 my class
Ugh two weeks left for school....this Saturday trip to Disneyland for choir...ok plz let this week go by last.can't wait til the summer...
Daddy Yankee - Gasolina.
The wicked flee when no man pursueth; But the righteous are bold as a lion. (Proverbs 28:1
Who doesn't love a good cover??
if #BEARCATS loose you have to do a show next week with
I think everyone ought to get affluent and famous and do all that they ever desired so they may notice that it is not the reply.
Citizen's United lets ppl like Rove run riot as it is, but he's got 2 CHEAT w/a so-called issue ad attacking Obama? Unbelievable.
That last tweet brought to you by my niece. :)
RHEINGOLD final dress
"The Submarine that never was"..=)
Seriously. presents "Emails from Offputting Celebs." : "Chelsea Handler for HRC" email subject line is "Argh." We agree.
restore damage! “ Acela service cancelled today Boston to Washington. Amtrak crews working to restore damage caused by Hurricane.”
"side of photographer" ? Hm. Do show.
That moment you lay down n your brain wont stfu....
obviously not as fast as your taking over the world! Hope all is well.
A security technician died during an incident with a patient having a behavior health issue at Oregon State Hospital. No crime involved.
I'm so excited for saturday's #Rivoli cleanup that I'm already up!!
Retweeting a tweet with an emoji box and having no idea what it is because I have a Droid...
Chen out pitched Sabathia last night. Chen wanted the win, Sabathia wanted donuts.
Yes Sir!!! & are SAFE to dance again! Semi-Finals next week! Good job #PackerNation!
My stomach is on "E"
since your on a RT binge can I get one from the worlds most decorated gymnast?
pretty sure Pinterest is only adding fuel to the fire: for my shopping love
Excited for MFA open studios, SOFA, and Low Lives ,
Goodnight twitter..<3
So nice out! Winter jacket was def unnecessary
"Give me financial liberty,or I got debt." Paul IntheRears ;-)
not I :P
Good music should be like "fried chicken".....crispy,tasty and full of SOUL!
Good night!
Go read something good written by someone who doesn't have a mustache.
Fathers Day Book Recommendation number ten is the Amatuer Taxidermist by Jean Laurie! For a dad who loves to work with his hands!
hey Bianca wanna do me a big favor and press my follow button please it would mean so much to me if you did!! :)
#musiclib2010 Hot Topic #2: Are your libraries sharing resources consortially? Tossing print journals? Thinking of remote storage?
aww fr we gonna hang out sometime
I just literally fell down laughing hyun
Small victories: Woke up early enough today to fetch the paper from the stoop before the neighbors stole it. Gotta have my NYT book review.
Thanks for the kind mention, in such fine company!
You are most welcome. The site has helped me tremendously. Just thought I would pass it on. Thank you for the follow.
Well not necessarily deleted , but all of my contacts couldn't be moved to my iPhone !
I'll intercept your mail in case you're gone by then
I loovveee you too boo. Hang out soon? ^.^
I just seen a black Santa Claus with a white Mrs Claus, also a 7 foot elf. That is MLk's dream in living color. #o'charlie's
Just met Paul Rudd outside my office...#pistol was NOT slappin da bass
Y'all gettin ready to go to the club and we in MiMi's Boom Boom Room Drunker then a MFer
this much stress hurts my heart big time =(
really??!! pahaha where??
"Girl Scouts under scrutiny from Catholic bishops" #yahoonews Have their cookies been blessed by the Pope?
Been there. So, so many times.
Totes. RT : I might be late to this, but: haha - Check it out.
Thanks Dean and thanks curbed! I hope we can get you to help us make those stories! cheers!
Apologies if I caused confusion on the OPDS thing.
Trees are just the right height there
#Boston #Worst winner goes to Metro Boston News for advertising Camel Snuff Tobacco on the Back Page of yesterdays #Boston #Marathon edition
Update: Fire Under Control at Altavista Bank
So tired of ppl asking me if I have a g/f no sorry I'm f'n single and haven't found the right one yet... I don't like drama or arguing...
My name is Victoria Farias, and I'm addicted to shopping.
new shirts come out today!
Join us in room #3 for panel w/ John Aristotle Phillips: You have the voter list. Now what? #C&E
Agreed. They are really pushing the golf world into new areas.
I just realized my shorts r on backwards
Fantastic video! Thanks for sharing.
Heart. Leadership. Hard Work. More Heart. Says it all about #mubb's Jae Crowder - the Big East player of the year
So. Tired.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive blue eyes
Can't wait to watch this morning to see what says about yesterday's games.
This week- leading up to First Friday-! Come down to check out and see what they are up to...before the big show!
Good to hear! I could think of some many awesome things I could do with 20 million! :)
I'd liked the "+" (add transaction) icon on main screen to be larger
I think if you filtered Philip Glass a thousand times through YouTube uploads, you'd end up with Skrillex.
Did you try our new and improved Baby Got Bock this year? If so, please tell us just this one thing.... did it make you Horny?
Closing day!!!!
The insanity is media types who take to twitter and give their opinion as gospel, without having all the facts. excluded
Summer movie preview: From &#39;Avengers&#39; to &#39;Dark Knight&#39; rises, all the buzz on this season&#39;s blockbusters - and more
Wasup Wit you? I see you all Grown Now since the Maruader Days huh? LOL
Good? How about great! RT : Aw. I'm feeling very appreciated today. We make a good team. :)
