It's a gorgeous day outside- Come on in for a juicy B burger or some of Santas Salmon. Warm up w/ some hot cider or have a cpl of cookies!
Einhorn's a man? Einhorn's a MAN!!!
i saw You the other day! I tapped on yo shoulder!
u like that?
next time I am in Cville we should find those slides.
How the fuck does a cord from the printer unplug its self and disapper??? But they have been the only two people but don't know where it it.
"I got toothepaste and stew meat"
RT : Me Jane, You Tarzan: Examining Gender Differences: Most men are clueless about women. No matter how hard they...
I'll be happy if we both get the W all i know is at least one of them will make it to the playoffs fo sure lol
The Band is probably the most underrated and unknown band there ever was. Keep that shit playing. Imma play it all my life.
Man I'm so hungry right now!!
Yes I am. (I know that haha, it was clever)
we say we hate high school, that its boring and the people are bitches, but admit it - you're going to miss it when it ends
“the fortress mentality will not work in cyberwar”
Fat loss tip: Don't avoid fat to lose fat. If you eat good fats you'll actually lose more body fat!
Lacee, guess what? ALL the Buccos are classy dudes. Haven't met a jerk yet
Thank you for the giggle. :D
There comes a point in your life when you realize: Who matters, Who never did, Who won't anymore... And who always will.
cool. Thanks!
wait which one?!
love the circuit city in the background.
Favorite quote of the MIT Sports Analytics Conference: Jeff Van Gundy: I don't even know what analytics means. I love this guy.
Drove home from the studio today squealing as I listened to NEARLY finished mix of my song Smolder...the squealing is how I know its close;)
thanks for coming to the 2nd Street workshop tonight, lots of good ideas came out of it.
Gloomy day? It's beautiful, warm and green here--like Summer. We love Summer. So visit the Conservatory today!
Meek Mill >
You got the link fam?
What is everyone doing for Cinco de Mayo??
Extra firm tofu might be my first ~good~ experience with cooking tofu regularly.
THANKS MAMAB YOU ROCK! THIS IS GOING TO BE AWESOME!
I might have an extra ticket for sale for tonight's #Laker vs #Nuggets anyone interested HMU
Thank you!
OMG ITS #DarnellWilliams ON
Odd issue where interaction data is associated with the wrong objects after uploading to MapBox. Will file a report & check locally.
Now speaking, Dr. Mark Kline from Texas Children's Hospital
The only way my boyfriend can watch soccer is if my other boyfriend is playing
Tools to help people log off: 1) Freedom 2) Anti-Social.
what is up Justine. how was the mac concert
>eating Swedish Fish & curling my hair<
How about the original 'Gone In 60 Seconds' or 'Vanishing Point'
That's definitely high on my list before grad school!! I graduate in a year and change...thanks! hang out fri evening?
Hi All - #80's tune - Talking Heads "Take Me to the River."
tweet me since irene ruined my
Feeling better? So far shuttle bus =
Wow this defientley kicked in at the right time
that's what I was getting at.
Great game!
Someone stole the hubcaps of my squad car. Who the fuck cuts zip ties on hub caps?
Only if one has chocolate-dipped bacon.
its 11:11 make a wish!(: i wish you could notice me and RT me!(: <--- i hope you come true! <3
And riding a "horse"? Kudos on an excellent episode! Too bad watching again can't double ratings
I can't believe how many people want Skylar to go home.
Another argument for bundling data with articles and opening the whole thing up to the world for review. Yes!
it was our old singers name and we wanted to be good people and let him have it...
gimme my 600 followers
good choice!:D you needa doctor baby?. <FixMyHeart;*>
I can totally see you saying, "Sticks and stones baby!!" LMFAO!! I <3 it
Who would be the odd man out Bosh? No way Lebron leaves and Wade is the face of The Franchise
Carousel Lounge Austin...CHER UK in the K Car glory, we go on about midnoonnight.
It's not my fault. It's Syracuse's for playing early today. My dad went to high school w/ Boeheim. I'm orange for life.
ahh i see! I thought you were getting those in indiana too!?
#supernatural the rest of the day? I think so.(:
well are you busy right now? You should come over. I'm just getting home
grow super old together :P
Don't forget, this Friday (10/28) the Museum will be hosting our Monster Mash from 10-3. We'll have games, reptile guests, and more.
I love when wears wayfarers. zomg such a dreamboat
RT : #FF Because it's a GREAT gift idea for your mom. Mother's day is in 3 weeks. Get ahead of the game!
In the words of u think a bitch rude if I said I wanna fuck...right now!
Mom just told not to spend all my money in beer. I guess I'm not as sneaky as I thought…
I sometimes forget about Twitter, to be honest. :) That's why I go days without a tweet.
Where is "shit Panamanians say"?
Was prepping Naipaul on the beach this weekend. :)
Hey everybody on Twitter please grow up. People aren't serious enough on Twitter. Fuck you all. I'm unfollowing you all
People storming out in the middle of the show! People laughing, crying and making donations! What's going on here? BROWNIE POINTS thru 5/27
shane battier reminds me of frank the entertainer
PEOPLE ONLY LOOK OUT FOR THEMSELVES.....DAMN SHAME.... GOD GOT A PLAN THOUGH
Have the REPUBLICANS taken a UNITED STAND for the improvement of QUALITY of LIFE for the POOR and the MIDDLE CLASS? NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Having to take shits that burn your asshole <<<
I'm seriously tempted to just write off the Bengals this year. The frustration is officially too much. UGH.
IKR! LOL! They try to act like it's all peaches and creme.
that makes 1 of us! Lol
Grading "Special" teams | If they had lost that fumble | They'd have had an "F" |
I deserve the best
about as hungover as a brick right now.
enjoying the tantalizingly strong historical similarities between web programming and alchemy/chymistry.
Tonight I got to tell one of the Gummer girls how much I loved The Speech. Look, fate MADE me a stalker.
My dad goin be like why do you have a F in band and im goin be like idk ask the damn teacher
"Dreams are your potential future. Dream BIG!" shared by Art Jonak
learning python
You know that feeling when you have been troubleshooting for hours, and then you finally figure it out. Yeah, that.
Bleed It Out.
Thanks Kev! I have to get away from the snow that followed me here. Hey, your 1/2 marathon is coming up right??
When are they going to be new episodes of rediculousness?
AAAAHHHHHHHHH WHEN WAS THIS
I see red
Kid's Day at the Kohl Center 12-2pm! We love seeing all the little Badger fan's eyes light up when they see Bucky Badger!
": ugh . stomach hurts"
Sitting here late trying to write. NP: "Kind of Blue" (Album) by Miles Davis. Think I'll call it a night.
"I want to eat chicken ... not be a chicken." I luv the latest #McDonalds commercial!!
It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us.
Ok who is slacking? No hour 3 of today's DP Show on iTunes??
because Orton is just as likely to throw it to A. Samuel
aw okay cool
Good Morning Fellow Tweeters☺
Patience is everything in life.
You're welcome, you deserve it!
japanese have a word, "bakku-shan" which means "a girl who appears pretty from the behind but not from the front".
oh my fucking god nigga i cool i been miss u so back u have kik or something or u want to talk in dm ?
When people try to keep secrets from me... Hahaha. There's always the one person you can rely on to spill the truth...
Memes for America
Always act like a lady or gentleman. It's not old-fashioned; it's smart business an leads to a successful life and career.
Ritas mango misto perfect high heat antidote.
I must say, it can't get NO BEAUTIFUL'er outside.......Come share some laughs with us tonite at AYEHOLEZ COMEDY SHOWCASE
People who drink, then go to sleep, and then wake up and say they are completely sober, piss me the fuck off.
nemechek is a bitch
I'm doing well, friend. I'm just finding out about this "SEC" place, and I must admit that it seems wretched and backward.
who says your not beautiful.... nananananananana <3
#MD House Majority leader says resident making $250k will pay $6.50 a week additional taxes. #Md special session On News4
So THAT'S why Sotomayor, Kagan, and Pelosi are ugly as hell!
That's an interesting use of Google+ Hangouts. Have you been using them for anything?
or maybe you stepped your swagg up a few notches
are y'all coming to Montgomery
We like what you do;-)
well the iPad is on it way to being just that.
u rock guy!!! Thanks for everything !!!!
Clickbank Affiliate Tips - Real Amazonian Profit Plan Review
congrats on the win! Total domination! Embarrassing loss for us. See you next year.
Did you pick up an issue yet?
I also yo-yo, so I go for small, nutrient rich meals/snacks that have protein. Helps w/cravings and crankiness.
That beet hummus sounds astounding!
go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. I'm so funny and cute
Thanks! I wasn't aware of the term.
asked be Van Gundy fired...that's according to VG. Exactly what happened with Shaq in Miami. Probably not a coincidence.
yes you will :)
Anyone staying after for Mrs. B?
RT: Retweet to enter! Last chance to win 2 FREE VIP tickets to the ($350 value) #PinkCarpetEvent - Winner picked at 5pm today!
WSJ article looks @ technology that would build ignition interlocks directly into car dashboards to prevent drunk driving...
omg dribbled toothe paste all over my new top today and didn't even notice til now
yes she iss whyy do u care
I am ready to hit this new book... I've heard so many good things about it...
The DirectTV guy at Sams Club INSISTED DirectTV wouldn't go out during storms. Huh.. weird how it's out right now and the storm isn't close!
GAY RIGHTS RAGER TONIGHT!
Check out my boy Vitto's new track on Soundcloud. Remix of "Somebody I Used To Know"
team Jacob lol... U?
oh ok but uh I did I like sent it to all my friends☺
RT Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them;for these only gave them life, Aristotle
Killatouch you on 45th I'm fuckin wit you
Example, ground rule works great for plastic while shaved rule works best for paper.
Hopefully can wake up sometime this week.
James Harden to Be Named Sixth Man of the Year
drunk on life
If not you, than no one “: I'm hopelessly devoted to..... Myself”
<3, thanks for another awesome show!
#SHOUTOUT to You for running your mouth about people I fuck with && now you the enemy.
thanks for all the RTs! Glad I can share valuable content!
I think it's funny how my girl friend call bryz Ivan!!!
Scariest moment in India so far: Waiter last night recites US history stats for at least 20 minutes. Thought I was going to get quizzed!
Think I have a french GCSE today...not sure...I don't know a single word in it
Just amazed at how often I'm NOT present. I deluded myself into thinking I was better at this than I am.
Nothing from Europe - DOW drops 240. Until sugar-daddy Germany supports more bailout, markets can sink. Fear next week also over jobs report
Would you be interested in doing a phone interview with me?
Go go go and bring me food when you're done <3 :D
and Ruchelle...please hang in there. This is a mind game that both of you are way stronger than! You BOTH can do it<3
the future of business is social
to save myself some time in the future... *forehead**superglue**palm* ..gonna make it hard to type, but i'll just use my nose I guess.
Union station today north cap and mass w/ tacos galore! Pollo sofrito,barbacoa,al pastor and vegan purple potato. Keep warm w/ tortilla soup
Too much Sangria at The Barge in Perth Amboy got me lampin hard at my house bro. Still got mad love to my main sponsor bro.
I agree, but at least he took a stand and is making an effort
no me gusta
Just had a great meeting with the team. Looking forward to their upcoming shows and special events!
- i know you're right, Meg, whatever happens. But Thanatos often gets the upper hand to Eros. I'm bi-polar anyway.
You guys are so cute! It kinda makes me feel like a whore because of my costume. XD
Nice. Unexpected Hawaii Five-0 after the OSU win! Ah, three words: Daniel Dae Kim. One more: hotness. That is all.
City Closes Illegal Hotels and Puts Pressure on B-and-B’s
Hands you a Spurs shirt LOL
how can you not adore a musician whose name translates to "little bottle of coca cola"
Right thing to do!! RT: Hey - Can you extend the special due to your site being down?!?
Hey #ModelUN crew! Did you know I'm the best app for #MUN conferences? Free to download and no banner ads.
@ M40A3_OCG oh no great facebook are you assholes doing a new
i could care less 2day about anything
Right! You have a gr8 weekend 2
love ya more more and more
Listening to the new Oh yeah, this is good stuff man! And thx to !!
was he just put in for defense?
Brian Urlacher is here to recruit JayPa to New Mexico.
Get the NO Bullying patch for free order your teams Varsity jackets now!
:P you first hahaha
I can remove 90% of your so-called beauty with a Kleenex
Are you there? Then no, no it is not.
I really love my job. It's so much fun. But traveling is pretty crazy.
I enjoy FingerCam
My picture that I drew almost 7 years ago is up in my doctor's office <3
Who is this guy? I missed his name.
Damn i am EXHAUSTED ! Lots of dancing tonight !! Im out, Goodnight ♥ ✌
Peter is SO cute. Deserves to be a dachshund celeb.
lol man it's so fun!
Can't wait for dinner with my babe.
I wanna go to taylor high
making a list for setting up a garden in the backyard!
is the COOLEST person alive!!!!
Black girl just told me you a big boy. I told her Yeah but iam sexually like white Chocolate had here laughing her ass off.
Wondering what to give that special someone - try our bath bombs! They are refreshing and they smell great!
Want to go out but I'm way to tired.
Who is AIRMAN? :)
back at work, wah!
#FIXJOBS #FIXECONOMY Stop signing "Free Trade" deals causing export of factories & jobs. Every Billion in Trade Deficit costs 100k+ jobs
Acceptance letters for #THATCamp Columbus have been sent! Don't forget to RSVP ASAP.
If Jennifer is at the helm, it will be great RT : Brainstorming Innovation-themed #HITsm chat topics for this Friday. Stay tuned!
Assignment: Take portrait of photographer Dona Shwartz at her home www.donaschwartz.com
▒ MUSIC worth Sharing ▒ CHILDREN ▒ European Playground CD Prepare the whole family for a cross-genre, musical trip across Europe. The...
right. And the compromiser in him made him change his mind to get GOP votes. Futilely, of course.
Happy Birthday Chris! Have A Good Time. <3 We Love U.
"Try It" Class. October 3 1pm. $10, try all the apparatus before you sign up! www.TenacityCircusArts.com
will wait for verification on Sat.
Thanks everyone for joining us!
teehhhee have fun on your test on every country in the world!
I've worked with them all and Infusionsoft is like that Swiss Army knife with 1,267 blades. So big & "versatile" it's useless.
paraphrase of something i heard yesterday: Honesty without love is brutality; love without honesty is hypocrisy.
at night, he woke up late than turned into a bat and left when we weren't looking
ok, so my paper is nicely formatted now at least
if he did it'd be nice if he let his business partner know!
“Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.” - Steve Jobs
it never gets old u know❤
I can't believe my friend is missing...
Just finished the history presentation for tomorrow
imagine so don't act like I don't know what I'm doing
I'm on my way. See you soon!
No , it isn't mine. I wish tho! The author's name is Taylor?
nice work on the mann interview. really dig it
I have a test quick what's the answer
answer yes to should i? would i? could i? before you find yourself saying should have. would have. could have.
Why is everyone suddenly playing the lottery
/men are Tailors
oh cool , did you like it ?
many thanks for the #FF love!
doh! of course! Thanks! re: every elem. teacher is social studies teacher
Jumping back in for a 7-day workweek. I'll be arriving at the CNN Center just in time for the Indianapolis Colts press conference.
Script almost ready...This story is going to be right on with the tragic events in France.
Sake it to me! RT : I want sake now.
identified as a “Campus Security Authority” significantly responsible for #DePaul students and campus activities.What did I do to earn it?!
No brainer... take the red-eye and return on the 7. Happy status building!
Wow. Zimmerman protecting the kid. Went after Hamels. Beantown. Things just got very, very interesting.
Unless you listen while you study and then end up writing the lyrics in your paper.
Let's go Miami make ur bloody shots. This is ugly.
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 44
PREDICTED HEADLINE: #SOPA shuts down WebMD. Millions lose health insurance.
I admit it. I'm addicted to warm weather and sun and palm trees and sandy beaches. I love living in FL. Perpetual summer. www.lindaswift.net
yeah yo Florida thug ass.
of course (: <333
I didn't see your tweet -- what were you asking me?
I am so proud of you!
okay :) ill paint them during our trial!
the Sodomizer should interview Bill Clinton.
I'm way ahead of you, though he doesn't know it yet ... Look for an email soon.
And, it's almost *worse* when it's a prompt to take a survey!
ok. I was rear ended yesterday car accident. Today @ drs office
Several committees have been set up at #OccupyLA: food, city relations, waste, demands, medical, media, security, finance, civic engagement
Great day in Bellevue, sunshine is making people happy. How about you?
is checking his myspace page
If only I’d of known That later on down the road I’d look back and not like what I see I’d of changed a lot of things Startin’ with me
to be sure, of course. Lol
at the celebration of teaching and learning in louisville. woohooo! #clbrt2012 listening to nice talk.
Hey, , you're sending mad spam, yo! Check your password!
Apparently if I get 1500 of my closest friends to come to a game I can throw out the first pitch for the - who's w/ me?
Seriously, What happened to us..?
Check us out for all your promotional needs! www.gt-events.com
what is the exact wording of the error? Can you take a screenshot of it?
Father's Day BBQ goodness!
Busy Busy Day at the salon!!! LIKE this post if we saw your smiling face today
is talking about the in Pittsburgh ? It's about time :-)
Gloomy weather today. Glad to be inside working on a cheerful custom guitar strap.
lol sadly I had to open one of my stores today :(
I didn't see you.?
TY4M! “: sup Mum thanks for following! =) #teamfollowback"
I hope I win tickets! My mom would bring me but only if I got free tickets!(:
its actually not me its this is his fan page!
Strong snl tonight, no?
ehhh I am sorry, did you hear him all pissed off ? Lol
Try changing the channel.
I thought you just had the inside scoop! LOL Hope all is well! Tell Cathy we said Hey!
Yeah! Possibly - me and a girl friend who just moved here from Seattle don't have big group plans. I'll DM you!
Just confirmed, end of Feb. I'm going to San Antonio Texas to do a green wall workshop for Mike Senneff's Company: PlantInterscapes. Love it
Aww graduation time? :)
Shaviro: inner sensation is not a something but also not a nothing. Like Thacker's analysis of life.
No soccer practice tonight. #couldntbehappier. Except I have a dentist appointment. 😡
That sounds like so much fun! What will be on the menu?
Regards to the new the fellow followers,
gimme that cake
Twitter tip: To get an auto re-tweet from Einstein_BOT tweet a quote from Einstein :)
If you can't close your legs when you sit because your fat rolls needs a place to rest. You have a problem.
How many of you 43 bookclub followers are actually interested in attending the monthly book discussions? Let us know. @ us or DM your email.
Pabst Blue Ribbon 16 oz cans for
you all are not alone!
you would think. Its hard to get qualified people.
$250 I think.
NOT.....Mesoraco given the chance, can hit the ball, and just not catch it!
Happy Mother's Day!!
im in one ofthose 'i hate life' moods
will be happy to see you play again! always a pleasure.
I hate asking for money & letting people buy me stuff. It just don't feel right.
“: "i named my pussy rihanna cuz it loves to get beat up" WHAT” me.
aye thanks.
Laurie, you are very welcome!! Thanks for the follow as well. Looking forward to reading your tweets!
we never talk anymore! :o
- Nope. But now its burning hot.
Sports bra and spankies to bed
It is easy to say live life to the fullest, but it's a different thing to actually do it...I encourage you to truly live...starting today!
Thank you!
We are in midtown Manhattan (across the street from Bryant Park and the NYPL).
Oy. I was going to get one this week! Thanks for the info.
Museum open 10am-5pm Tuesday - Sunday. Last two weeks of beautiful Alfred Shaheen Hawaiian textiles exhibit. Don't miss it!
I also have many librarian friends if you need additional input.
Can I get 85 followers? :)
love ya
Thanks for spreading the news!
Is that a free shirt?
I am annoyed by my body's constant need for more water.
"Do the thing you fear, and the death of fear is certain." Ralph Waldo Emerson
In fact, I daresay that a Bloomberg VP would alienate the conservatives Romney has worked so hard to woo. I don't see how it's a net plus.
I had that too!!! thy scored when we were there. we were standing up and them they scored and I just plopped back down.
": That's nuts about #DCMetro !" Another reason I stay far away from the metro...and the tracks!
What did you end up getting?
Just saw some guy give his mom flowers with the utmost excitement...too cute.
Perfect change in my pocket for the last Mr. Pibb in the vending machine.
#reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend really? What the hell? No man should EVER beat on a woman! What's wrong with this world >:(
No Internet. Not surprised.
Thursday = Beginning of the weekend in
Got to watch ... Other stations aren't here for
THIRTY. SIX. DAYS.
love u too
#wewerecooluntil you became a total female dog
RT : Any Milwaukee area people going to tonight? You should, they're talking about responsive design. I'll be there.
Common Mahomies we can do it. Vote for I did it and so can you :). Austin is the Next big thing <3
Our party is on Friday 5/18 - are you coming? Can't wait!
So my phone isn't getting texts and mines are apparently not going through -___- super cute.
hey turkey I win! Hands down
2012 should be the year you take strategic action to eliminate investment fees so your earned returns build your wealth, not someone else's.
": Is it a sign that #DickClark has died? There can't be a new years event without him. The mayans strike again."
I'll take that!
. A bag of Swedish fish. Didn't have anyone to bring me cookies. ;) Sat night will indulge in something special!
thanks for the chat, and here's wishing you win that ipad.... right after me!
roflmao! I HATE when you call me that!!!! And I love Kem...that's the next concert I'm taking u to hmph
P.S. thank you!!! Will catch on my reading tonight and see if I can find more.
here we go baby...#OKC domination time!
I've been gone for a few. What it do my twepoles? Shout out to my new followers
I don't think it is deliberate but no one (probably cares or is held accountable.
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0488
So I guess nobody can make a lay up???
The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects -- making it possible to
Thanks Scott! Hope you are well, my friend.
No worries Amy, I found it! Signed up and added my book about Chicken's who are forbidden to ask Questions :)
follow for updates on these mind blowing videogame remixes
small minds dont grasp science...sad actually
What would the google history be of someone in a 3rd world country?
MY LEG WON'T STOP BOUNCING
favorite game is OSU vs little blue 2006 in the shoe.
yikes! And, yikes!
Anne of Green Gables by L.M. Montgomery: Tomboy gets the guy!
many thanks!
Ok so paranormal activity 3 creeped me out a lil bit!
Holy crap. RT : The elephant is the only animal with 4 knees.
I've watched it once. I'll see if a rewatch makes me less liable to trash it.
Fuck 'em homie. Stay centered and keep the non-factors out of your square.
hangover... I drank a lot of tequila too lol!
Keep kicking a$$ AJ!
mofo plz its my block with my rock
i wanna be w/ my bae cuddled up rite noww <3333 .
Everything should be fine. Please let us know if you continue to see any problems - we appreciate it!
"militant atheist groups?!" how about a militant religious society with no regard for the constitution it it's amendments?
what school do you go to? c:
Now watch him stop in the middle of "Hey Joe" and drop in some "Hey Ya." haha
OMG RIGHT ITS SO ENTERTAINING
I'm sorry about the Patriots, but my evenings are incomplete without you! ;( I guess I'll have to settle for Lambchop (#ChrisHayes)
I need mine to appear awake for a meeting, and using toothpicks is too painful ;-D
Happy birthday :) hope you have a good one!
Happy #BodyFaucet day.
go with the flo thats exactly it its a journey u cant learn if everything always goes right supposed to have problems lol
at least 150 for 5 mins worth or maybe 500 for several clips...gotta eat timmy
I'm pretty sure all types of hate have been thrown back and forth between both fanbases that may be taken more seriously
So nice to see you friendly folk at today! Thank you :-)
hey yeah we do, you can find our tunes at facebook.com/theslidersmusic .
I think he's still at large!
Everybody accepted there would be no Oscars, and now that there is, it's hard to care.
I am interested in data citations that are machine actionable & include checksums, both have been mentioned at
Cemetery weather.
She's definitely a sassy one, huh?
i can totally tell.. you keep spazinnn' out. like.. yeah its kind of weird..
I assume when I have trouble reading them it is because I am a replicant ala Bladerunner.
To unpathed waters, undreamed shores.William Shakepeare
Because the satisfaction for completion is ultimately more! :) Whatever the challenge, we know you'll ASTONISH! ;)
I can one your tweet
This change had brought out the best in Me Spiritually he really shows you what every you ask to see
How have you been?
looking forward to attending the Art History conference!
RIP Junior Seau. My prayers go out to the Seau family.
yes, getting good at iPad typing makes the experience 10x better. You might be interested in our iPad typing trainer app.
12 ft swell? Lets go surfing.
#vsa2011 April Award Luncheon: pretending we're aliens giving our observations of the Earth's Culturals.
who cares about boosie
Sad trombone. > RT : Hey, #bigomaha, was once an avid supporter of SOPA & is a co-sponsor on the House CISPA bill.
Gotcha. Haha I've never actually seen someone do it but I'm sure they do.
Spring Training opening game for the crew: SF @ MIL tomorrow @ 2:05... bout time to get back to baseball!
ok ok
Is it a little or a lot I'm confused?
. 'I told you so' is not helpful in any way. need to pitch in if they want Wi back + we need the help.
morning ladies! RT : Morning pretty little lady! :) RT : Morning y’all! Let’s get the day started.
I can totally tell misses me tons
Family You have the good & the bad times. You need the bad things to have good memories. You need your family there with you threw things.
He still old and washed up???
Love the gorgeous e-mail with dessert #truffles.My favorite is Creme Brulee with Jasmine
Can't Wait Until Tomorrow I Hope Everything Goes Well...
tough to do when you do a talk show
All hail the King in the North!
And the winner is president Matt Doud! Check our Facebook page later today 4 video of Matt skating down Pratt in tights & a Speedo!
Today's clinic was a success! New payment plan options gave economically-challenged patients medical relief through cannabis certification.
Attended holiday gathering #7 today! Now taking a break from partying to prepare for audition #29 on Tuesday. Not that I like to count...
Hey Wisconsin and all those Packer fans so much for home field advantage. Let's go Manning!!!
um. He's a guy. Lol
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. —Alice Walker
Im reading Enders game. Ch 9 is about controlling "discussion on the nets". #amst260, do u think other sci fi books predicted modern tech?
LOVE it!!
golf with some donors. Helping a family who needs our help with their school. The farm. A wedding. A birthday party. And you?
SkyDrive App For Windows Phone Gets 2.0 Update, Reduces Free Storage Capacity
Shoutout to our waiter. She is stacked! Lol
We can't send kids to schools with no windows that could double as prisons and expect them to attend and learn
Me thinks anotha trip 2 vegas is commin up soon! Like a month soon! Stoked
Anytime. Thank you as well!
love you DONUT! 💝
I just woke up from a nap that began at 7:30. I definitely pre-gamed my slumber tonight.
We all need to focus on the basics and cultural literacy regardless of the tools we use.
I would really really like chocolate right now. But I am trying to eat much healthier. So I will not go to the snack closet & scavenge
JC sounded great!
My vacation has offically began!!!!
I'm serious
it's nothing.
It would be raining 30 minutes before my dini final. Guess I'm going to be locked up in Holden for a while.
11 days before we launch the most anticipated Online Conferencing package on Talkbiznow.com. And it's Free! Can't wait.
Now y'all I don't think am any good, am just saying stop it!!!!!!
TONITE Old School Hip Hop Happy Hour at NV Art Bar - No Cover, Strong Drink, Free Food & A Good Ass Time w/
4 hours to #WineRev! If you're hitting up Winefest today, make sure you use the hashtag.
Today I drank my 1st black cup of coffee not bad at all I thought I was gonna go into a convulsion, but I didn't. Who would of thought...! ☺
thank you for the webinar press
has very strong views on this subject.
We thank you for the mention! Happy
#ThingsWeAllHate The St. Louis Cardinals.
Stuck in an art gallery and feel like I am going to suffocate.
any specific Mexican restaurant recommendations in NV? Maybe I'll make drive down from
butterflies never felt so good <3
On the plane home to LA from Nationals. Great weekend of skating so, of course, thought of you. Hope you're well!
Ready for sound check. Nerves setting in or maybe just excitement..See you at 6:00..
Do you choose can over tub so you can suck on it like a foamy baby bottle?
I'll never see that German sightseer Miriam again.
It's the day of the show, y'all! Tonight we kick off our weekend of 3 NYC shows. Tonight, tomorrow & Saturday 8pm Come!
Sucks came to stater bros to get toasted bread[1 item] and im stuck in line behind 10 ppl with cars full lmao
Aloha!! [: I Wish I Can Put Flowers On Words !!
I always keep the game - start from scratch on repeat
When's the last time you've been to a public library? Porn in public is more common than the Dewey Decimal System.
Hi! Do you still have tix for NYTM? I would love to buy them from you :) Thanks!
Merry Christmas :)
the wings were really good but probably not worth a trip to Tacoma... maybe if I'm in the area again.
Because Idk my email for this one & I'm deleting soon.
Thanks for the follow!
If you have a problem opening jars: Try using latex dishwashing�gloves. They give a on-slip grip that makes opening jars easy.
so sick today. but on a call.
ouch. Man told you to save me some dm
3) Improve food security. 4) Healthy food supply = healthy people. 5) End racial discrimination. - Mark Muller.
My man Joe Frazier has left us R.I.P Joe . One of the best that ever did it in my book .
"are you kidding? that's like huckleberry sexy. i wanna float down a river with you."
Fear activates the works of the devil the same way that faith activates God- Nathan Morris
check out read the bio and look @ her pic! please
how's that even possible?! Also, locals here talk down LOL in favor of HON so I never hear about it.
your from NY?
Thanks for bringing your brain to the #b2bchat party
It's a good ride.
Woken up out of a sound sleep to my grocery delivery
no you shut it!
I'm good. Just updating life! I know it's been FOREVER! We need a Watchers reunion, so come to the States already!!
Wait, what? What happened? WHAT DID YOU DO TO HER YOU BASTARD???!!
Digging the ZipCar scene. Very convenient so far.
Hittin' the ladiez room b4 it gets stupid at intermission. Just #1 friends.
Twitter works in the exec offices at ESPN, right?
Not even 1 time in 25 years has any pt. ingested their whitening gel. Us Humans are so smart, we won't swallow it LOL
Thanks! If you need to tickle your taste buds with unique food in the Bay Area and want to feed your office, drop us an email!
I missed your message, sorry! No Yale meet up, I'm currently in the Tavern, headed to tweet-up & reception later. Say hi!
it's possible to get only 5 years for 2nd degree murder but 20 years for stealing a computer? #Huguely or 40 and 0.
Yeah. I missed a lot. Dudes are on here getting engaged, getting in car accidents, getting preggerz....sheesh. #Glee is drama filled!!
"Good Luck" [<Guy from Takens voice>]
We appreciate the RTs this week!
Let's all welcome to the Ophthalmic Twitter coven!
I fangirl so hard over omg guys your performance this week was amazing!
Even with #Vermont leading 43-29, they can't be too secure after last night's games. After all, anything can happen in Dayton
ha thnx G
Thank you so much.
RT I cant even use lupe as examples for my hip hop arguments becausd if someone says something stupid i will get MAD
Ethan Foam
I wish I could go on Tumblr with this stupid ass phone. );
MADISON, Wis. (AP) -- Senate Majority Leader Fitzgerald plans on challenging enough signatures on recall petitions to stop any election.
it's okay we still go it
Happy Good Saturday evening! Be thankful in all things...Go to your place of worship and give God some of your time!
too late, but it was an
People stop fucking with you as soon as they find out that you're broke.
lmaoo look at brittney, all hip !! ; )
yea messed up our plans
Im workin HARD!!!! The $treet$ Go HARD BUT I GO HARDER(n my Yo Gotti voice
Call ! MT Yet another request for information about the tuition proposal was DENIED by #NMSU public relations.
War is the province of the federal govt. Read the Constitution some time, miss. Birth control isn't.
Almost showtime!!!!
Congratulations to all the talent who have been REQUESTED to audition for an upcoming film!
We are setting up our blogs now to start sharing or 34 years of legal experience with Florida!
I haven't been tweeting much I get so lazy to type
how amazing was that nicki concert?! (: ~K
Little is said regarding what's not happening in China while a lot were said regarding what's happening in the Arab world.
am i the only one who eats frosting out of the jar like omfg that's sex in my mouth ok.
Well I'm enjoying my night....
Just bought my ticket to see #HungerGames tomorrow!!!!! So stoked! May the odds forever be in your favor ;)
aw Oo, I see. Gusto ko rin yon. If something else dapat feelings talaga yong reason, not distance or time whatsoever.
Hug her, kiss her, and smile for her. But don't make her fall in love with you if you don't have an intention to catch her.
? Are you ok? What happened?
Follow Blush creator !!! Rt if you love us, and get entered to win $40 in Blush Bucks
shit you look good to me baby
Party is two weeks away! Getting excited for Austin!
If hanging w/ & 60 people for a private show in LA sounds rad, tweet & w/ the #SonosStudio tag to win!
becuz erbody wana b da boss. But it cost to b da boss but if erbody money hungry who is der left to b da boss of?
Packing for #Coachella has been so stressful. It would be so much easier if weather just said "blistering hot."
i think today is my bestie birthday or next friday .
go to bed
"tension relief"? :)
A Parent's Guide to Bullying: Social isolation can be a sign of a #Bullying situation
Thanks for the #ff! :)
#myidol she was the one that let me to keep singing and now im in the performing arts school.
our welcome!! I've always wanted to tell you that!:)
Our goal is to empower women with the info they need about the risks of early term deliveries - Dr. Donald Dudley
Noticed that The Parent Trap (with Lindsay Lohen) is trending.. what a shame as it pales in comparison to Haley Mills' Parent Trap.
James Thurber~ The wit makes fun of other persons the satirist makes fun of the world the humorist makes fun of himself.
“The greatest danger to our future is apathy." (Jane Goodall)
Congrats on TEDx!
I'm the only die hard pacers fan on my TL lol
If you're watching the Bulls game & you hear a man heckling players in French, it's just one of my bosses, Mathieu, doing what he does.
Definitely check out our website thedetroitjournal.com. We will also be on the on thursday at 11:15.
Challenging start to week no. 4. 41 mile ride today in cold, steady rain, & driving wind. I guess I had something to prove.
Made it all the way from O'Hare to Logan only to have our silver line bus slam into a Mercedes SUV.
I'd laugh at marquis of marson blasts a ball.
Spring Break almost feels like Summer!
If Schultz votes for the notary bill, he will be recalled.
My uncle can't say no to tequila. "Just one more. Why not? You never know." He's said that twice already lol.
Is actually bored with my youth group. Contemplating going back there. It's just not for me anymore.
I thought it said you can drop nay off and you guys can go di fun stuff I was like ~_~
blaming himself for its' failure I guess
Wow. You really are busy. Your twitter turnaround time is awful.
Im really thinking about going, but ill have to talk to you guys to plan everything out
grind with me. Relax your mind. Take your time with me. I love you deeply. Grind for me. (; just grind with me babe! Hahaa
How do you think a crank call to a strip club would go? Maybe fabersham complaining about a stripper stained his clothes.
Who is the best college QB you have seen in person? The night game at Camp with Brees was quite impressive.
where can I catch ? Is it a podcast?
There is nothing cute about conducting.
Deleting one 'ha' from your 'hahahaha' cause you think its too much
me either!!! Lol
NIce, Honest,Educated,Freak,Respectful,Romantic,Cook,Drives, Dances,Tatted,Confident, Theres no other package like me and my big packageLMAO
Whoever said nice guys finish last must have also been a bitch and practically a dumbass
Congrats! RT : Come see us we have a shiny new "A" from the health inspector. congrats!
Man It's Rainin Skittles-
Put a spoon in the freezer then put it on the hickey!
Alison Brie is too damn hot.
Oh dear god RT : Paris Hilton is trending on Twitter b/c she's going on tour as a DJ. That is all.
What's good girls
I hope they don't mind me being on their island! lol
Thanks Tim, and thanks for the opportunity! Break a leg on your Fat Camp opening!
ya, who gives up coffee!
good stuff for last minute holiday gifts!
Looking up SEO words. What words do you use?
new fave snak: pop corners chips not to be confused w pop chips. they are like corn chips but r made from popcorn. only 3 ingredients too!
that was good one. Got to admit it. But I'm almost positive I said bye.
I saw that. The Bulls should get the #1 or #2 seed in the East. Forget the Heat and the 76ers, they're going DOWN!!! lol
at Friday. I have 6 tickets I need to unload, let me know if you want them. $50 a piece
doctors give perscriptions dude, but we give #PurpSkurpshuns Dude hooooo
damn and I was craving some earlier!!! D: Don't trip I'll tell my mom to cook B)
i went from 89 followers 2 105. u guys make dreams cometrue now i get 2 follow everyone i see on the twitter post board now
Omg I had the awsome dream... Well ett had you in ett?
Like gathers like, our archaeology lab is turning into the archaeology lab & lounge complete w/ comfy couch and visits from other majors.
Whoever legitimately wants to start some revolutions, I am totally down.
Yes Lord.
Chris Paul keeps #CLIPPERS on top by 1
Me + Internet + Credit Card + Thinking about = $ spent wisely
Sounds fun!!!
hey girl
T1: Faster time to market is extremely advantageous to patients looking for a solution currently not on market.
Develop a hook to a #facebook or #mobile app for user adoption, then combine profile data with shopping data to send the message they want.
Hanging with and more at Society for Military History this weekend in D.C.
I Wana be able to tell her "tell them other guys to lose your number cause your done They don't get another shot cause you're...love drunk
SO AMAZING!!
he's just not Heisman quality just overhyped
New kids are still transferring to our school? Idgi, school's over in a month and we still get new students. :|
And jotting down the smokers?
Yo one of my nikkas from fitness 19 works at the gnc now! Discounts everytime!
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
Boycott #StPatricksDay Why celebrate the Irish' enslavement of one of our Scottish brothers...Poor guy had a job to do.
Gates is very unimpressive to me.
Shoot day!! Woohoo...thanks to my #partnersincrime were doin it and doin it and doin good!
Look at the '12 Beetle. It starts at 20 Grand; I think I'm looking for something in the Ford Fiesta price range.
I probably need that service clean my PC because my computer is running so slow.
At my first #dlfforum since 2009 in Raleigh. So nice to see everyone!
Umm. I think I talk too much when I'm at meetings.
It's officially been a year today I joined da Navy
...notorious killers. They expressed the same shame and embarrassment that Tiger's mom may be feeling. Her son DIDN'T commit a crime but ...
why can Obama get away with starting a war that we should not be in but bush couldn't when we needed to be there
RT 6.02 pm. I realize that rivers and radio make me sad in precisely the same way: the meeting of beauty and irretrievability.
i still wont let it show.
I was just wonderin how you are,and if ou missed me ... Causee i miss yu #free jonathan
Keyes 2002 "Weber & Anthro" implies it might be based off G's reading of W's methodological section in Economy & Society maybe?
I have my "survival kit" and I know what to do in case of an earthquake but... all I wanted to do was call my mom!
hey when is your ladies night? I would love to donate a raffle item :-)
I KNOW you mad! Lol
Working on Playboy Radiomate 's Leg, Shoulders and Ab Workout for today!
Such a touching story.
Electricity: "Keep talking"
oh alright. its all good thanks anyways :)
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy was Tell Me Something I Dont Know GREAT SONG!!! very very catchy
Cody I have to wake up in 6 hours come on.
Entertainment is our business...Our experience is in creating memorable events. Have you event at the Historic El Rey Theater....
The wayans bros are straight up funny, both of them are talented. S/o to them.. They really did thier thing tonight.
I see you now you even have to keep your SO CALL friends at distance
Everything ok here, so here's the next question: any restaurant open for brunch today in Boerum Hill or BoCoCa?
Check out This week, I report on the Queens County DA's program, which the says is unconstitutional
Twitter is pulling me back in.
I just got back from Atlanta, seems like my second home! New CD is almost completed!!
What the fuck kind of retarded, blind morons did they fill the anthony jury with?
Life's a journey. My journey mostly just has me running errands for other people.
This 96 Bus smells like someone took off their stinky, wet shoes. At least the Smart Trip machine is broken = Free Ride!
That definitely wasn't clear. Meant I just cancelled cable. You had mentioned dropping it altogether. I'll probably get Netflix
Cleveland Park is cray cray right now. Love to see crowds of revelers enjoying our neighborhood. Um. Now going back inside. ;)
when i put this hit on itunes get that ok
Kids always like the opposite! Thanks Rhonda!
A composer is a guy who goes around forcing his will on unsuspecting air molecules, often with the assistance of unsuspecting musicians.-FZ
Hard to put an exact date on it, but first meeting of "Occupy MBTA" was Jan 9 2012. Other groups have been working longer tho.
bwahahaha uggghh. It was an interesting conversation. Just try explaining her without the help of the internet.
Thanks for the follow<33
That was probably the highlight of my year!
Just saw the funniest shit
I absolutely respect the guy for staying out there...but I'm fine taking my chances against a gimpy Aaron Cook.
I think this is the 5th seal breaking.
doing good thanks
I'm sure you ragged on the Dixie Chicks for "Goodbye Earl" as well. This smacks of self-promotion.
I need that freakin hour back...
That feeling when you dont want to tell your crush how you feel even tho you talk to them everyday.
Emotions on high cus it moves like the weather.... Changing on these dudes bet u think ur so clever
Moozickz! You shall see soon ;)
Hawaii you?
RT Bring what you feel is lacking in the world to it. Talk about emowering - this will change your life (and mine)!
Aw, you're so sweet. I was thinking of you this weekend, would have been cool to hang out. Come to NYC! I promise no snubs! ;)
Tried to reply to DM but it didn't work. Twitter thinks you're not following me.
#SEXnote to MEN: sounding smart may make her wet, BUT reading a book and actually being SMART is so MUCH HOTTER
Discussion: Aside from Google analytics is anyone doing evaluation of museum tech initiatives? What to measure?
and what is this idea of yours?
I envision that being real awkward
Hey boo...you've been hacked 😳
#happyeaster! Have a great day everyone!!!! xx
Too many giveaways by
I pine for Sonoma! Love it do much! Feels right in my soul when I'm there!
Now cheating on Goodreads with LibraryThing. GR and I have been growing apart for a while, but we'll stay together. Y'know, for the kids.
RT : TUNE INTO 98.5 THE BEAT NOW AND HEAR VERSE FOR THE
I am tending bar at Sunset Grill in Hillsboro Village tonight. Come see me after 6:00pm.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Lots of great workshops starting at 1:30 at #FAI12! Banjo Jam Session in Beale and guitar workshop at 19th Floor!
The best movie ever(cartoon) Coraline :D
Let's get drunk and do some hoodrat shyyyt.
Interesting - was glad to see the stats on PIN interviewees.
Birthday boy was cute , I want balloons !
Visit us inside of Excalibur... serving the best burgers all day long!
RT : #amandaknox is guilty as far as i am concerned
that's awesome man let me know! Btw should be getting some stump softener for those big pits, we'll see how that goes too..
Let play a game. On the count of 3 name your favorite dinosaur don't even think about it just name it! OK ready 1.. 2.. 3 ___ #YourAnswer __
I miss having my arms wrapped around That is all. Sweet dreams.
#ThingsICantLiveWithout my Android
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join & at THE PARK
protools was definitely a part of the recording progress, yes we do!
Glee Prom with Twitterless Julia right now!
I love how my 6 year old pronounces "ed" as a syllable. makes the WWE book he's reading sound like Shakespeare.
the weeknd speaks to me man
that's dope Chickas ! We tryin to do a collab with the Wonder Broz. Hopefully it works out! - Zaona
watching our new supreme court justice
I know. But I'm gone 11 hours of the day AT LEAST, and that makes me feel so guilty already.
but if you go follow my other account then i PROMISE i'll follow back!!
Its early . I wanna go to sleep .
RT : Freedom of speech includes the right to keep silent.
Nice customer service, nearly 2 months and the replacement for your broken product is not here and I have not heard anything...
My favorite is definitely Superb Sushi downtown. Great food, service and appropriately priced!
Awesome! I'm so stoked that it is available for Android now!
Home from work THANK GOD! 🙏💃
#cubcadet snow thrower = life saver.
: Exciting! I'll keep my eyes peeled out for them.
crap...I was just about to finish too...
how is it going, we need for you to get Atlanta back on board with your new joints. This is Thomas from the Trumpet Awards....
I'm going to be conducting a full investigation.
stop posting pics of my Child. Lol.
"I'm getting really good, I know how to turn this phone on and off!" "Can you change the time?" "That's a little advanced for me" Mom vs Wes
I do not watch American Idol. I can't say exactly why. I don't stick sharp objects under my fingernails, either. Both seem to make sense.
Monthly P&L statements show the overall profitability of your restaurant. OCRA statements come in easily digestible, need-to-know formats.
I'm a fan of the APICA 401B spiral-bound hardback w/ index page at front but can't find it :(
ahh nice. Well good luck.
Game Ball goes to
ha glad i could help from afar
The ESL Music event last night at Rutamaya was off the hook!!!
Scared money, don't make none!
PPA Pushing to Have Online Poker Measure Attached to Cyber Security Bill
M hm! RT : Miss you too! Those Red Sox lit up the Pale hose last night!
Oh my gosh, that ad is awesome! Love it, haven't seen something that creative in a while!
thanks for the follow and
So great to see you man. Thanks for coming out. Let's talk rock in the next couple weeks!
no prob... don't delete. not evry1 is a h8er, ya no?
Any followers that would please follow me.
serving lunch from 11AM-2PM on 9th and Morton.
RT It's up to you. Use them or lose them. Support local independent business. Support your local economy today.
Absolutely; and there are important variations within fields (more/less theoretical lit crit) [+]
That's a greatly informative, well written piece!!!
Looking for something to do tonight? Head on over to the for Headpin Bowling!
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Confucius
Just got our shipment of magazine! Come get it while its hot!
Tune in to LAVAXP.tv 6:00-8:00 tonight. I'll be performing songs from my show, Barry On The Spot.
aaaannnd they said it was gonna rain today.... I see some good old sunny #SanDiego action from where I'm at ;)
No. It fell from my waist and he snatched it up and took off.
#Knicks have only lost one game at home under Woodson.
Power's out in Logan Square.
Not sure the review is a good idea
GAMETIME in Macon! FINS and Bruins tipping off ....LETS GO JU!!!
we guarantee your satisfaction with all our locksmith services. . If you need locks re-keyed, new keys made, locks installed or have special
I wish we had a bed in the break room. I need a nap. 😞💤
I'm At Olive Garden :) yumm.
The cleverness of original tweet is that it was made at 8:04 AM #ifyouhavetoexplainajoke... RT : RT :
Out to dinner <3
So upset..
Omg there's a transformers ride coming to Universal!
Don't have plans for this Sunday? Bring the family to see WEST SIDE STORY! We are extending RUSH tix to both performances on April 24th
Great meetings with yesterday, looking forward to the same with today
RT : Eyes peeled people! RT : Arcade Fire fans might want stick around in Austin after SXSW this year......
Crazy, it is snowing in Kansas City. Speaking of crazy we are running a "snow sale" in our outlet store. Save 15% on all food items!
There needs to be a live feed of #ProjectC so we can follow along from Jamaica
Game time!!! WHO PIG SOOIE!!!!
I miss my baby boy so much
Second anniversary?
All the things I can NOT be doing on my day off... What to ignore first...
Albert Gray~The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work
Going on a school field trip to Central Washington univisersity
I'm referred to as "the hot girl with tights" hahahh i'll take it.
actually make that a yes. this will hopefully be fun hahaha
RT : I love sending "apology emails" on behalf of !! They go places & simply SHOW OUT! Knocking the devil OUT!
lol i dont think its gonna be quiet at all throughout the concert x)
Got to be one of the great moments in sport. Bring on wonderwall!!!!
Way to go Slim!
thanks so much for including my book!
thc. I took a breathing seminar once and breathing correctly really improves hour wellness. Keep me updated
Ridiculous is the word
The Fray... Worst Anthem EVER!
Congrats to 1-0 win to advance to the next round. Next game Friday. Well won game.
Happy Birthday! Thanks for the great website.
I haven't really had any sleep
Planes trains and automobiles are all plotting against me this week.
can I get a birthday shout out? :) it would mean the world to me if u did :D
GWC to settle this race
Look at licking her burrito like it's a lollipop!
I'm sorry...its just that I have an issue with see thru shoes!????!?? I hate them ... even cinderella's
Week 4: Teaching the Philosophy Day School Faculty in Manhattan 'Basic Movement Principles for Injury-Free Exercise'. MindFirstFitness
I have a great tape program on a former Disney executive on entrepreneurship Mike Vance. Great self help piece. docprov
Sweet Ride! looks like a tater-tot.
a martini has more alcohol than a beer...I think I learned that when I was 12
"Consultant" does not work for us any more. However we are still using Twitter. Apparently a Rolex is no substitute for a brain
#Luck is such deliberately and painfully constructed narrative project, it seems like it would reward super-close attention
's Blues Halloween Party Sunday 's Lounge #that grown up shit# Johnny Taylor mfs!
Listening to Interpol, good way to start of my day :-)
“: when y'all get famous can y'all get Jessica alba to marry me?” period she's yours
a VERY DELICIOUS bowl! That stuff rocked
Mazel Tov!!! I am SO proud of you. Well done! :)
Me too :D
5th of March? no way?! what a coincided haha (:!
LA sweeps it at at home. Crazy
thank you for following! I've gotta get hip to some good equipment!
Have I missed your latest HuffPost piece?
Totally. I'm starting to get it. It seems like something easy to get into if ALL your friends already do it lol.
Wonders why the MET Museum does not have a smartphone app.
ME TOO! I can't wait! Are your farmers markets open yet?
Awesome weather finally :)
I have both really enjoyed and been impressed by the past two episodes of #MadMen. What did you think?
He wouldn't come to Houston after the trade for Jordan Hill and Houston said he could go anywhere but LA. OKC it was!
Just passed butteville, oregon...
You may not end up where you thought you'd be, but you'll end up right where you're meant to be
hello Have a nice day! :)
Hungarian Sausages today are off the woodwork! Coconut Rum Soaked Brownies!!!
not anymore it got broken lmbo
Hi Steve. I just wanted to thank you for talking with my son Jordan in Indy at the event at the Hyatt in Feb. It meant a lot.
enjoyed listening to #kcrw #morningbecomeselectic broadcast from #sxsw this morning
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate my ex's all say I have issues.....blah, what do they know!
Come see the show - Lori is FANTASTIC in it! :)
K I'll text you when I'm settled. :)
yes, I'd be happy to! Friday is much better. I don't want to miss the main conference. :)
Workout kicked my a$$ but it was GREAT!
Great job by the folks tonight. Great gala, fun crowd, and of course I loved the venue. Super event
Roll Your Own Smoke Shops Argue They&#39;re Basically Build-A-Bear For Grownups
Journey to the center of the Earth ❤
I always wondered about the "half-life" of tech workers. I moved into library science after my 1/2 & consider myself semi-tech now.
Yay, finally my birthday!!! I'm so excited!!! #pumped :) Continuing the festivities!!!
If you can't love me when I am worst then truly you do not deserve me at my best
Hm...trying to decide which stadium to paint next- any thoughts? Twins stadium? which would be better Target Field or Hubert Humphery?
Garrard to back up Moore makes sense. If garrard is healthy enough to do just that.
Srsly? I bet they have _all_ done that via email...
Will LeBron show up in today's final 2 minutes?
Fact: We have a private list called "Hilarious" and the only folks on it are & #FF all ya'll.
We #Packers play those not-so-good Texans (cc: ) #trashtalk season ...lol
CPAC 2012.. YAS will be in the action! check the new blog out soon!
the baby daddy that has two kids with her is saying; "fool me once, shame on you. fool me twice, shame on me."
Everybody in the whole world needs to follow this amazing hockey fan. ----->
that it does. lol was on deans list when i left. only got 2.0 in hs. lol
fun yess the dark!
“: I will reiterate that while 2Pac is the greatest of all time, the Outlawz have some pretty weak rhymes.” public enemy?
Lot's of debate to go on in #Carlsbad at Wednesday's Planning Commission meeting. Issues about growth and how to do it. Attend if interested
this guy haha
I hate when someone ask you whats wrong just because your not a peppy little girl that smiles 24/7
That would be a bit tricky. Have you thought about modding some penny sleeves?
I finally finished watching all of the wire. If I had to rank the seasons I'd do 4 > 3 > 1 > 2 > 5. Agree or disagree?
Thank you for your assistance this morning. We are closing tomorrow! Thank u! Thank u! Thank u! Thank u! Thank u! THANK U ALL!!!!
Looking for guest blog post writers. Let me know if you are interested. :)
It's Tues. & you should stop in Jade Monkey after work. We have darts, pool, shuffleboard, board games & a kick ass juke box.
If I die young like in the next few days I blame it on the Girl Scouts and their evil cookies.
I Love angie
“: Sometimes u just have to make an #ExecutiveDecision.” <~~~ Real Talk!
...nice to meet you...we are advertising not spam ... thanx for advice
Hey hey hey Jenn :) can i use the same video i won the acting contest with to enter into the Laugh Contest? thanks Jenn
impressive self control.
The Captain!
Open social media at school makes me assume two things. Mac environment (not afraid of malware) and private or charter school.
Winter weather advisories in effect on the morning CTC is moving offices... $20K gowns and NYC sleet don't exactly mix. Ugh.
I saw juan at the mall he broke his leg
Better. Faster. Stronger.
T-Plush, if you have time sign a ball & give to Eddie for fantasy camp. RT Speaking of , he's signing autographs now!
You are most welcome!!
I wanna get to know a few of my followers. 👋
Go to whole foods and buy the Honeycrisp Apples NOW! Omg... I've never tasted anything this amazing! So not kidding
agreed. Hence the focus on DLine rotation depth thru free agency & draft.
those are indeed good. How is life?
R.I.P Junior Seau
1,700th tweet goes to my best friend , even though we say we hate each other we don't <3
I genuinely hate wearing undergarments.
Yes indeed...
Is it not the perfect night to say FU to Fri the 13th, snow storm, the work week? Come and join us for the perfect Friday FU!
Sale Sonax CS-2180 Component Wall Shelf - Newbridge Home - shelves wall mounted
Just sat on a bay area rapid transit train with brand new seats!
taco johns = bomb, especially right before a game!
Headed to St Paul's school to sell Haitian metal art before & during the intermission of Twelfth Night. #incongruity?
could use help in Queens with our drug free home program, launching in Newark NJ in April. Drug detection with tech
will do man! Will you be here for WMC??
you must be EXTREMELY social to have that many "gotta tweet that" moments! I mean you gotta get your ideas from someone lol
Thank you. We pray with you.
Join us from 1-3p at Walmart on 7200 Arroyo Crossing this Saturday for the LivFast 2012 Tour! Win Monster Energy Cup tickets and more!
Sad day for the #mets and all of baseball....will miss you Gary Carter
exactly this team needs to address their holes at or before the trade deadline or this season will get ugly
RT : "If you've been overtraining your "sitting" muscles, you should probably give them the day off and go workout.”
Where is the freaking trust?.
Indeed! Our poor guys. Looks like they are playing on a Slip n Slide.
Aw yeah, first sunburn of the year! It's all downhill from here....
Robert McLean ROCKS! Talk about stepping up and taking care of State Farm Insureds. Alot of work and proud to be of service to H/O's. Yay!
Him and Oden are the NBa's version of Grumpy Old Men. RT : Andrew Bynum is 22 and looks like hes 45 lol
Last night was the real deal
In the words of Marvin Gaye - "What's going on?"
Acorns were used as a coffee substitute during the American Civil War. #odd facts
Why would Peyton go to the Broncos?!?! They already have Tebow..
kobe must have been blind not to see that coming!
Yea I'm gonna have to bc yesterday was a practice run but today Is the real practice run, Takes me a week to get warmed up.
Can we rig social media influence? Follow and interact with him about #Moms to find out. 'Your Mom" jokes are fair game, of course.
Yeah, that's the one! Damn I could really go for one right about now.
I do have stories, there not on twitter but i could send you a link if you'd like.(: & then I know of several people too.
tweet me
Happy birthday c;
#howrace how matters more than money but not more than winning in a how way
hell yeah! how was the sac show?
RT : Morning Winos! I hope everyone is excited for 's Italian #wine tasting tonight! See you there!
's voice is so amazing & incredible!!!<3 hehe(;
you have twitter? Lol
Anyone in Chicago for the cinco de mayo weekend?
Thanks for the RT re mixer at Joey Buona's on Thursday!
Damn and that was on a white girl LMAO
Great to hear! We heard great things about your booth. Us too! RT : Had a great time in the Big Easy.
where at in oregon will you bee?
The dog is a gentleman; I hope to go to his heaven, not man's. ~Mark Twain, letter to W.D. Howells, 2 April 1899
Check out 8th On Campus apartments, they have HUGE bedrooms and livingrooms!
Omg about to leave to my Sis house
sombody at my house dats fat ugly short n black hahah her name on twitter is kkisforever follower her to make fun of her plz ppls lol realy
Turn out tonight is great but the questions could be tougher...
The moment when your ipod dies in the middle of your favorite song :/
We have much to be thankful for! Have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
If you tweet "Bored AF" on a daily basis, you need what the rest of us call a "Job"
that's what I like to hear, i'll bring the tequila!
It's parent-teacher conference day at Positive Tomorrows!
Had a great time at #schmidtatstern. Thank you
I prefer drinking my dessert as well.
notice though I said paisley was the greatest "country" guitarist.
Sailfish can leap out of the water and into the air at a speed of 50 miles (81 km) per hour.
It's been a pretty mild one today. Now is the time to do your unit maintenance.
I wonder whats gonna happen when they bring the black on black jordan's out!!!
": ": Before bed, #Gemini checks Facebook and Twitter 12x." Hahahaha" true life
always! n since I moved away from all the negativity my health has improved greatly. i am back to playing with my boys.
Jim Tressel will be the next head coach for the Indianapolis Colts.
I'll sacrifice for what I want...
STAY LOCKED TO FIND OUT WERE #TEAMUET WILL BE NEXT SATURDAY!!! THE WEEK AFTER #TEAMUET GOES TO THE ATL!! LEGOO
That is fantastic!
I think is so pretty!!!
Legs on Fire!!! 8.5 miles in the books, 7.5 to go in the morning.
#Patriots fans! #SPECIALTWEETISCOMINGINSECONDS please retweet it... very neat!
#Yosted RT: what's worse for KC fans: Royals losing 9th in a row or Yuni getting 2 hits, guaranteeing he'll lead off tomorrow."
we will be raptorous while drinking!
its ok. The price of being "the boss". Thanks for the FF
Did you feel the heat? RT That's the best explosion in the history of television.
hahaha i'm not finished til friday evening
Whn people put up statuses about going to bed & you're just siting with your ice cream & books thinking.. I'm just getting started!
When you miss having class with someone
- it was predictable because no one was willing to make any big moves. I do say that Kim was superb!
I know, I suck. Let's do lunch next week!
Everything and everyone pisses me off!
FUCK DAN GILBERT ....THEN MY NIGGA ODOM IS CRYING AND TO TOP IT OF BRANDON ROY IS GONE? WTF NBA IS GOING TO HELL
Looking forward to today's luncheon with Catherine Roe tuned for tweets from the event.
Fascinated by the Game Change on HBO!
Right now
"I'm tryin to get fired tomorrow" -
going to pick up my monneyy(:
that'd be so fun
Have you tried PicMonkey or FotoFlexer? Those are really more Picnik-like, I think.
New users are registered. They are welcome to GIS Extensions Market.
Off to work once again. Gonna earn that money!! xD
The #word #grind #makes #me #smile CieraMariexoxo
i can give u a guest pass if you want, btw, i cant send a msg back if you are not following me
Does Shep Smith still have a job at Fox News after his comments this evening - I would think the audience is not happy about "21st Century"
Wonderful turnout for last night's opening of Liminal Suspension at Gallery 114. Thank you for coming out!
Test in 5 mintues, game time. See yall later.
One place I wanna go before I die is the straight ghetto of Atlanta ..
Great-you can give me a little first hand info! What else drove your conversations?
While at the corner store this morning, the guy behind me was buying an Olde English 800 and some Starbursts. Nice way to start the day!
Tell Rob to shut up and coach.
having oil change trouble? come in to brake specialists plus! we'll take care of you.
yes, later though, like 3pm...
Another day out protesting instead of teaching
Working on the web layout for new Pocket Shot Energy! This is going to be an amazing ride.
oh I would of paid to see that scene.
Some pretty cool stuff in the not oft talked about movie Hanna from last year. And the soundtrack by The Chemical Brothers makes it work.
I'll be a part of Pigtown's Health and Wellness Festival next Sat. May 5 near the stadiums. Come drum with me from 11-2!
Phil argues lack of government protection of recipes or fashion hasn't slowed #innovation in those fields.
3 Goals for the #OA movement: Prestige, quality & access
My friend is deleting his account.
RT : A Porsche is just the male equivalent of a boob job.
She re-did the house. ~ discovered she was part ~ of an unmatched pair.
“: Ugh! RT : Just went public: multiple sources saying the May 7 launch for is likely to slip. ”
Merlot with Chicken noodle soup for Christmas Eve
thank you! Our conversations about it were really helpful. I definitely want to collaborate on a paper/writing/critical text.
I just told a beautiful girl "There is nothing good for you in that vending machine" lol #ballsy !
Dude, is that gonna be on ESPN?? If it shows up on video, that would suck.
I really hate shopping
Wrapped recording new meditation CDs Meditations to Ease Anxiety, and Meditations for Self Compassion. Stay tuned for release dates!
- Hi Vanessa, currently we do covers of pop-punk songs from Green Day and Sum 41 and have some original rock songs.
for u bday
I miss tweeting all day with
My nigga Jokim just shook bra and made him fall
Don't care about anything right now! I can't even stop smiling! So happy but with so many problems..? Wonder how that's possible. Love life!
Tiring Day.
thanks dude. I got a bunch of work games this year so that is cool. Also got tix to target field. Not a Brewer game though.
del.icio.us founder starts new career as bio-terrorist.
Just got done running for 30mins.. Felt great but the legs are killing!!!
I love this little hippie town!!<3;)
Love the new #postsecretapp it is addictive. It should probably have a spell check element added but, it is a winner.
how are you?
SC Johnston sex scandal, Billionaire Heir accused of abusing teenage girl.
Now this is were i have too be stronger than before...
Mann I Feel Like Trashh Right Noww .. '
are you referring to another player who did this?
Make-Your-Own-Sundae! Make-Your-Own-Sundae! RT As a token of our friendship, I got you this riding crop.
I could of got a Bentley but instead I got a Chevrolet
I'm eating chick fil a?!!!
I was one of those 2 million :-D
wow you're so funny I can't contain myself
they all look ratchet
and - is #uxhappyhour still happening with #snowpacolypse going on?
Have a San Diego Client looking for a mid-level sales pro looking to join their team. Nano-Technology Coatings, pretty cool stuff. Email …
It's not often that my job requires me to do math, but when it does—those are the best days.
Doing nothing tonight. Hm.
thanks honey!! I'm claiming it!! ;-)
I don't want to be a #sundaylibrarian, I want to stay in bed and sleep in.
The good news is, Rufus realizes my office is a place 2 do business. The bad news is, he doesn't realize it's not a place 2 do HIS business!
boxing day bay the bay -- sunny, crisp, fresh.
you are amazing not becoz of your look your style or your songs but becoz of your dream and your triumph that made u amazing!
Will look for that, thanks.
Will and grace >>>>>>>>>> best show ever
All of the content has been moved to the new website. We'll let you know when it's made public later!
They say it's the best bar-B-que in the south end!!!!
thanks :3 but I'm afraid my bffs boyfriend likes me :/
Facebook for me is for people I already now
$4.75 for a latte at the Bourgeois Pig... Frig...
I'll have to remember to check that out. Is it in summer?
How can I be so damn stupid? I'll have to fix this song tomorrow. It's gettin late.
FOLLOW ME and ill donate $50 per 500 new #followers to the by easter!
Happy Valentine's Day from CCWA!
My side hurting..
That tonight's gonna be a good night (: RT : I got a feeling.....
2012 Goal: Maximize productivity
Blondies and beer
Watching #RAW :-)
