You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel.
haha why the btch liked our relationship status & added me as a friend though?
who will be the #nextlabourleader ? my choice would be David Miliband. God forbit we get Alan Johnson
I'm wearing Driver! My husband has this thing where he wears Hawk be4 the game and switches 2 Aaron just before kickoff GL!
I just saw snow flurries. Either that, or volcanic ash.
my only birthday wish is to get a tweet from you :D can you please make it happen?!
so sweet! You are one talented woman XO
How am I with 2 people right now who don't know what stone henge is?
RT "Thank you!': So first time was unbelievable. Great food, great atmosphere, highly recommend
RT : how was it? it was great! How are you doing? Hope all is well!!!! ttl
Please get over your self. Your rude as hell.#IDoNotFawnOverAssHoles!
Social media successes must be determined by your social media strategy. Doing it any other way assures your failure
Can't wait for the 98.7 Hard Rock Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tomorrow. We are gonna make it rain! Oh wait...
turn the station on the radio, and everyone starts singing loud at the same time.. random :)
That like asking a Crackhead not to buy a bump with the $20 he just got LOL!!!
Not being able to eat w/o getting sick.. Body hurts, head hurts..Today just sucks #CanTodayGetAnyWorse?
I was asleep on the train but now I am awake and watching Save the Last Dance in the upper loft area
#WHODAT gonna be our new coach! :(
THE FIGHT IS THE WAY THE GATHERING THE SANITY THE AWFUL HORROR OF ONES TALENT. SO BELIEVE UNDERSTAND THE TALENT THE BEILF THEY HAVE.
Great specials tonight! Just received some Alaskan Wild White King Salmon, Kurodai (Black Snapper), Amberjack, and Hiramasa. Going fast...
Recording right now wish me luck
it hurts to look to the left this morning.
Stop being messing
Wine tasting at its most dangerous. RT : Heckle if you dare... Just watch out- I might throw a cork at you (after you've paid).
does this mean you're going to start writing reviews for us again?
any chance you aren't too busy Wed July 20th and wanna help us out by being on our show for a pilot episode taping?
I expected them to lose the #series but damn, niggas breaking out brooms.... Smh
Off to MN for a crazy, sorority sister filled wedding. Not responsible for tweets, fb posts and texts after 6p. You have been warned.
This is a very good question, one that I fear I won't like the response to because it will mean little/no pay for journalists
was undergound during earthquake... evacuated metro, not really sure what is going on!
it's Ok now ! I can goo !! buyaa ahaha how are ou ?
": my nigga been killing it hahaha" skanks;) whoops I'm mean thanks.
Hey girl , yes I do !
A colleague was just told by one of his clients that #HR brings no value. He's from IT..um ok. but fix my keyboard please.
I seriously want to be there! Maybe I could call it Bloggess Bingo? I seriously think this is a good idea. cc
I'm doing my best to make it all work today, how about you?
Still waiting to hear about your book!
thanks man! It means a lot.
Tupac is back from the dead.
back at it
Everyone keeps calling me "High Maintenance " I beg to differ!
Watching Star Wars Episode IV. Love this film.
Alan Carr Chatty Man why is he trending? ARE THE BOYS ON AGAIN
KK only brought like a mini blunt -_-
Finally! Gossip Girl is steppin' up.
Good church service, good lunch, now it's time for a good nap before the concert!
We have 3 new songs being written right now, as well as an EP about to be recorded, and we will have some shirts printed by early summer.
RT Senate Ed votes 2-1 against repeal of the La Science Education Act, which critics say allows creationism in schools.
Today my Arlington County tax dollars went to.... pay the salary of the guy enforcing real estate directional sign rules?? Seriously??
Just can't get back into tweeting...it's so sad
Not if you haven't gone to sleep yet
- what are you made of?
ain't no track this man has out isn't 100% RAW
Kout purports to measure only #SocMed influence, not real life. Again: only a single indicator. I sense a blog post. . .
i love it its so cutee
We're looking towards doing microfilm in the future...planning to grab some films at the Afro today
Thunder, Thunder, Thunder...go OKC!!!
Reports of #Gaddafi forces wearing gas masks in #Misrata. They are expecting a #MustardGas attack.
Underworld: awakening >>>>>>
Remember the name Glenn Greenspan. Frmr Augusta Ntl PR head is putting together Tiger's PR strategy. Completely whiffing so far via
I sent auditions out this morning Memphis and only heard back from one person. Got it, thanks, something?
where are you guys at?
RT : Thanks to for a great social media seminar yesterday. Let's make #Boulder #home repair trend!
Sit back & relax tonight @ midnight with and & as they take you on a 2 hour melodic ride
Slowly but surley were climbing in Followers! :D anyone giving out shout outs in trade for Audio Call Outs?! Looking for new talent. Got it?
Ever since Grub Hub added that #YummyRummy game, I've been ordering much more often so I can play again.
God knows that my check need some extra 0's
Thanks for the tickets :)
It's a shame I can't get my butt in gear and finish my own book!
I can't stop laughing xDD
If you're looking for some live 8090 AMP jams, then look no further than Sat. Dec. 10 at
2010 Airshow is this weekend and KUIK is having a giveaway via text on Fri, Sat and Sun. Text the word WEB to 27299 to be entered to win.
Cool stat, I get so annoyed waiting for those darn thing's. No patience for traffic lights. Blah
RTRTRTRT “: i want to get serious with #oomf””
Prairie Fruit Farm, Krotovina?
it's cold and sticky huh, that weird it's hard to clean off lol
State Journal newsroom fuel for election night will be coming in the form of the Downtown Vientiane Palace. 3 stars!
Hope everyone has had a blessed Solstice, Happy Hannukah, Merry Christmas, good Kwanzaa, and wish you all a Happy New Year :)
Looking forward to seeing Corey Chisel at First Ave tonight! Been a long time buddy!
Join us! Happy b-day! RT : I was thinking of having a few people for my birthday 3/15-3/16 at your spot.
No homework nights are da BOMB
Follow our girl actress/model filmed with Ryan Reynolds on The CHange Up
At least you're tweeting about your documents :D Summarizing them in 140 characters. plus you'll have 200 words after the break
FREE 21+ Show - Sept. 10th - Bodies Of Evidence , Diverside, Seris & The Ground Beneath @ The Damn Bar - Rio Rancho, New Mexico
Incredibly sad. RT : Just tragic | Junior Seau is the 8th member of the Chargers '94 Super Bowl team to die.
i am your future wife but forever a #braves fan!!
Just had my very first Soon Tofu--Korean dish: boiling red broth, egg dropped in, clams and other tentacles sticking out. Yum.
Well, have a happy Halloween! I'm going to die of heart attack.
Had a great time at seminar today.
If i wasnt so lazy, id walk over
Society's greatest ills are not birthed from evil and greed, but from those who seek to do good with no understanding of human nature.
Pray For my Lil Bro Javon Man ...
at WLCV and loving every minute of it :D
I'll guess Chuck Pagano...because everyone else is saying Tressel.
if you can't make the screening stop by the after party at rosa mexicano - would love to see you!
Mac and cheese coming up yum
Love hearing this. Yes, Mr. Putter and Tabby are lovely for grown-ups too. Love that good dog, Zeke!
Hey does the new Arby's commercial remind you of some videos we helped syndicate a few years ago?
Sexy lips, dirty hips, nice ass, high class, sexy smile, Bieber style. ♥
This is Alex (co-founder of wcw). I'm on a flight to Austin for our launch event tomorrow. Can't wait. It's gonna be awesome.
quest for the best. Who u got taking it all
can u plzzzzzzzzzzzzzz shut the fuck........... up
"Bottles & Cans only" must mean "Diapers, half a sandwich and snotty kleenex" in some other language... come on people!
According to this youtube video ,gay males like to address everyone as "buddy".
ya las subi!
AB- 2 years later I still remember. Sending you all kinda of light and love.
Jessica Simpson does realize Drew is the name of a Lachey right?
Obama is greater than or equal to an etch-a-sketch.
I can write this cigar off as a buiness expense, right? :) Seriously though.
I've run out of ideas for class tomorrow. Should we do heads on desks, or should I make THEM lead a discussion of their own research topics?
my mom just spent a good 10 mins watching videos of sloths
awesome - congrats!
Late, costumed departure. Wondering if I go to Max's or B&O?
same, cool. (: you playing bball in High school?
Ladies with a pikachu voice is so sexy. Xbox live party has become a Pokemon fest lol
for sure
I used to live right around there myself..yeah prb at her b-day and then early Aug... ;)
Thanks for the memories
Fuck me sideway on a pole
I see what your trending; 50 MILLION GONZALISTICS 💗 You guys make me proud. Thank you for it <3
mide as well you got the hair already, all you need now is the accent & a papi
We have over 70 #sportsbiz professionals RSVPed for tonight event ! It's going to be a great night of networking!
doing well. You?
Love the heat new unis...hate lebrons hairline/headband
At some point your heart will tell itself what to do.
Ha! If I could, I so would... oh so would.
just did!:D
2013 #Badgers target Semi Ojeleye (6'5" SF - Ottawa, MO) blowing up big time this weekend in Virginia.
Charter revision is key about education no other proposal will work
..everybody searching for love, when they need to be searching for jobs, schools, their child's father(s).. things that matter..
#HocusPocus is my shit!!! I love Halloween(:
let's go pick up some men in that sweet ride of yours ;)
he will no show on you if you ask him to play Hunt on a Sunday morning. FYI.
What a night! Can't believe my time with the CU Glee Club has come to an end. Thanks and all my friends for coming :)
Just landed in Amsterdam.. did this wine creep up on me?
ugh we should have come tonight! got to lazy.
I should give up on this :-( ppl stop followin me why :'(
New Blazers going for 2-0???
Go nuggets
I'm kidding, really, but surprised no one knew this great song .When asked for "best CivWar song," they said "Dixie."
When your brother makes you cry and your mom calls him a scumbag
Good morning, everyone! Haven't been tweeting much--am in the middle of 2 major moves, house and day job. Won't be finished until June.
one last xray...lets get done!
. biting stylie. You guys should be besties.
Work from home, the pay is $3,000 a month plus $500 weekly bonuses. 2hrs a day sending people to our website. Do you want details?
Organizing a #business conference, planning a trip to an exotic locale? Contact (310) 801-1868 & mention
as well as local biz who want to get involved and support those who are giving back
my dog looks badass when drinking smoothies, but it gives him diarrhea
The Maryland #Lottery confirms in a release that their state’s winning Mega Millions ticket has been claimed
CAC talk about the to-be published short form of the PNT to provide a way to quick eval aphasic deficits & detect changes in lang abilty.
dude you're so adorablee :) and right back at chaa' ;*
Good morning everyone
BORED W/ PowerPoint? Come visit us right by the SX Saloon at #SXSW! Have a drink, get a demo...We're giving away MacBook Airs!!
#BackWhenIWasAKid I used to think that growing up would take forever.
#ilookforward to holding you kissing you & asking you to be my woman
Was HB 519 in committee or on the floor?
Where you going? RT : oh okay I torn too
Busy couple of days this week.
Beautiful day Portland people. Make sure you get a walk in (as long as you aren't wearing skinny jeans).
Getting ready for a new resume package to sort out for a CFO call me if you are a CFO. My packages are very professional. Jason
Sentence of the Day: It is the contention here that the deciduous forest was well on its way to climax by 8000 BC.
I think the real question here is why you have a "laundry guy"
me too!! :)!! And you can meet my friends who are also Directioners! :D
Sample of the Day - Blueberry Vanilla Creme Black Tea!!! Delicious!
lol girl we try....and yu still at skool???
oh ok tell them I said hi :) is logan taking you to the banquet?
Working at Twitter just might be the MOST interesting thing to do if you're passionate about info and social media
Happy Mother's Day!! ♥
Last day for Earth Week: get some FREE Seeds and a $5 game card voucher.
Hey now!!
Deal. I kind of feel like this spring is going to involve reading until my eyes bleed.
Work that! Lemme see ya drip sweat!
Since I'm local, I kinda want to *do* the nav test to see if I could nail less than 8 miles.
What are you wearing to brighten up this dreary day in #Indy? We're loving all of these bright colored scarves!
holiday jazz starts today on 89.9 !!!
Maybe u just witnessed horrific marriges but I get it tho. I didn't believe either til I met my hubby! Be hopeful, Beautiful :)
Dude glad you liked it man!!
The clouds look like dye in a bottle of water today.
wow well people change... So i have change but how do i get down. Is that supposed to be a good thing
wait til u hear the new project coming out in a few weeks, best yet
Thanks for the mention, Polly.
All he does is Lin Lin Lin no matter what!
great pictures - can't wait to see your story at 4,5 & 6 on KOIN!
We'd like to DM you, could you follow us pretty please °o°
This is the dumbest overtime ever!
Dude, getting followed off a bus all the way to your home by some kid you don't know.... Is extra weird. Don't ask for my number or a hug.
Some nights.
Finally it's over
Saw a black and fawn pug duo on my way to cut & color at Pimps & Pinups. A good luck omen from ?
stoked to have a local and #socialmedia whiz in our corner. cheers
- you have been blocked & reported as spam, so go fuck yourself :-)
Wtf, I just saw this on Facebook --> "5/17/12 I love you baby" -________-
I joined ya!
I Respect My Team
What's good yo..I'm on deck ready to put some visuals together
How was TAN? So wanted to be there, but busy with pre-prod on web series. Did you have a chance to check out the web site?
Hunkering down to do some reading for class and realizing I'm EXHAUSTED.
Just left the gym gettin my swolle on I'm hurting everywhere
Thank you sir, that just made my shitty week a lot better. I just joke about being cocky though cause I never really be lol
come out tonight and be energized by the art!
Thanks Brian..
Cleaning out the magazine library with at before the big move tomorrow!
Come on.... come on.. don't be lazy lol!
This has been a difference that was in place long before 2012 DC The snark factor existed long before Fed as bad teammate meme
if u were my bf i'd never let u go <3;)!
You're page 126! RT Truly honored that my #TIBessay is in "This I Believe: Life Lessons," in your bookstore on October 4!
What's new?
I smell like soy sauce and I don't like it.
check out my backround stevie its sick as hell
Lazy day with the kiddos. Dustys sick finnleys close to having it pretty sure roxy will have it tomorrow which leaves it with me all weekend
was that the 2001 team? Negative Ghost Rider.
People just don't understand me or my feelings.... So they get a stank ass attitude
“: Goodmorning Y'all :) should I clean my room or go lay out?? Hm” Lay out!!!! Duh!
I like this shirt
we ask what our respondents "mostly" use when they go online, a smartphone or something else
Call the cops!
oh no! what yu mean by that? you go away for school? Uhmm I am sorta busy this following week but next week im free.
any "sneaking" to the good seats at MSG this week? Shocked at how many people were at the mid week afternoon sessions
sorry ladies, j.c. chasez says no n'sync reunion. he says they've moved on. and by 'they', he means 'justin'
Anyone ever use their #nook or #kindle for textbooks? Thoughts? Keep in mind I'm an English major. I love the feel of books.
Its only Monday but I'm already amped for this weekend w/ and : Fri sat!
Spent the day focused on thinking positively. It put me in a much better mood.
Six more days!! #CoLS ❤
So is it time to pop the bubbly?
If you see me in the kitchen prepping chicken and the skin still on it, sumptin getting fried tonight
I'm looking forward to that day
I just sat and read so many tweets from and they're great.
Check us out at www.watchnhllive.com for all your NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games thanks!!!
hahaa thanks girl!! ;) I better see you soon!!
no, considering I would blast it on my headphones once a day lol
next year!
What game is that?!
Day 3 of our '10 Days of Giving'. What #305 Non-Profit to support?
CHECK YOUR DMS ASAP
Sports are awesome
RT : Awesome statement by : Do you remember when had a tongue ring? That was funny. //
It appears all 3 were up double digits on Kerrey. And she's not a novice. So I don't fear the Angle problem. And she LIVES in NE
I have the most perfect belly button. When I stick my fingers in it, I feel a nerve in the center of my body shoot up my spine.
"to become truly great one ha to stand with people, not above them"
yaaaaaay! Were so short on people!
When do you plan to release your next book? We could help with distribution or promotion on Read Print.
Youll Never Go Wrong Making Brooks Brothers your First Stop in NYC.
Happy Tuesday, #Lakeview. Stop in today for a quick lunch and learn a little bit about what we're about, we'd love to hear you!
no doubt. Seabrook penalty was a joke
I wish you was there!!!
yup best buy in pineville
Sometimes I don't even understand what I'm saying. I'll go back and thing about what I said and be like wut haha
"I think I need wine. And a Coke." Happy Mother's Day, !
I kinda wanna go home. I'm a long way from it though..
Oh heck yeah, .. My ears are throbbing a little..i missed this feeling. Thanks again :)
anytime bro .. Keep it up!!
I feel so left in the cold!
Presumably about Kretovic's Asperger's (form of Autism) although ADA was a but guarded in saying so
What is to do for relaxation if unable to intimidate enough Hummers on the evening commute?
so great to cross paths. Had a blast doing your panel!
RT : Showers are starting to break up. Several places seeing sunshine. Overnight, we fall to 58° with a partly cloudy sky.
John Edward Gray, you described too many things in too many different publications. And now you have eaten my day.
You tell 'em.
HDR photo groups on Flickr draped in black today with news of Thomas Kinkade's death
Hey! Did you get my message?
"let's imagine drugs"
Happy Birthday Mom!!
just ate a bag of doritos and a pickle. am i pregs?
It's pretty cold out!
Do you ever just need to watch Trapped In The Closet? I know I do.
When i was like 10 i told my neighbor that she was gonna be a stripper in the future and she got mad at me. Lol
Thanks for the follow / Obrigado pelo follow!
Dude my team's doing a carwash for a fundraiser next weekend.. Just drive to Florida and we'll do it for you :)
R.I.P. Donna Summers. She lost her bout with cancer today. She was 63.
I am worried that iPhone pics of my pet which was edited by my Facebook family isn't going to make the cut w @
Intense cleaning with my pandora on high.. All smiles, best vday ever! Life is good 💘👍
well said. I think...
I got a nasty splinter :(
We are hiring two experienced servers (full time)! Apply in person 17th & Q between 4-5pm. Ask for Dito or Dino.
I'm just sitting here, chillin' and waiting for Austin to make a fucking awesome album.
And Stanford is on ice!!!
Room is good, i will be sharing w/3 other girls. There are bunk beds and I have top bunk. There isn't really any snow here.
wish I could stop by today for roasted chicken on cheese grits drizzled w/ sorghum! I admit, never had sorghum. Tasty?
Mary K. Greer has a new #Tarot title, "Who are you in the Tarot?" out soon! It is a reworking of Tarot Constellations, a classic book!
There's two helicopters circling a neighborhood near my work, never a good sign
New festival dates announced soon!
Congrats did something relevant... I'd b just as proud if that pic was hoax. Stay Up gang
Remember when I asked for your opinion? Yeah, neither do I.
We just got shut down by some old fuck who lives across from where we're set up; he threatened to call the filth. Another triumph!
good luck tonight bro
Check out our newly design Twitter page! Special thanks to for helping to create this.
healthcare reality-$900.00 a month for single coverage. Those who fight healthcare reform are covered by their jobs.
Thought I had Jimmy Jam's address once. Sent cd & 6pg letter begging him to let me just watch him work. But the address was wrong.
Will Oldham's a good actor/rock star
people complain, but is it really worth it?
You are on a roll tonight......lots of funny tweets :)
RT Thus losing the Dwight Schrute demographic// Along with Doug Funny and the citizens of Bluffington.
Iteration and modularity are key to design success.
oh , yeah my sister on her way home.
As I said before... I never repeat myself.
be there by 8- gotta get J, he's with Rod.
thanks for following us dude! help get the word out on JADED! new music soon!
We're also told link-up BeLocal sales process has begun
I like going to ALA but those sessions do not get down to the nitty gritty like this.
Can We Cuddle?
OMG So beautiful out! Makes me want to run naked with balloons!!!!
Can't believe all the people on FB posting idiotic comments about Junior Seau. You didn't know him or what his problems were.
not worth it. I know her, she is Nick Van Excel's sister
Another way to do it: if you can put an s on it, you have fewer of them. Not less.
#ifitwasuptome there would be more male strip clubs lol
And please keep me in mind for future panels. I enjoy them!
I hope everyone had a great Holiday weekend. Its time to start thinking about next year.
still hustling :) is SA a sweatbox right now?
what did you tell me
Hmm. Jon Lester, Rajon Rondo, Among many more :-).
It is better to be ostracized by others and have Jesus than to lose Jesus and be accepted by people. Pastor Moore
soon as Rock T started laughing I knew it was gonna be crazy
Going door to door selling dry cleaning... Wouldnt have guessed!
can't stop staring at the pic,it gives me butterflies. ah.
I know - it's every week - another child with autism wandered into death - usually by drowning.
I love my Walmart its the best.
Chugging a Starbucks Venti is never a good idea. Especially when u chug it in 5 minutes :-)
looking forward to more great #wine & #lifestyle recommendations on 12/30 @ Vintner Grill Strip!
My LifeStyle Aint Made For Everybody.
Driving from Cleveland to Nashville on this blustery day.
using a purple lightsaber should get your #Mancardrevoked but can definitely pull that shit off.
Sen. Mark Kirk (R-IL) Junior Senator from Illinois in Barack Obama's old Seat, had a stroke. Our thoughts are with Senator Kirk. Get Well.
They are talkin' us up...get ready...log on www.wecu1570.com
Good Afternoon!
RT : How are you FUELING today? Eat rich,
It is interesting being a banjo player, really, you dont' get the joke. I mean, of course you take a fishing pole to the show at Marine Wor
He's trying... And it makes my heart smile
lady gaga is great she is the best totally cool
for me and too.
your projects completely inspired me to refocus for the past few months and upcoming months! THANKS!
Most mobile games are repetitive/mindless entertainment - how can this be good for you?
": Rap City used to be my shit" but now.... shit just sucks, nothing like the old days
Rangers strike first!
Turn something negative into positive & see how much better you'll feel.
Today is really trying to break me. Unh-unh, not today.
yet. But it will be so fun watching her figure it out.
“ “ Brought to you by the girl yogurt Jamie Lee Curtis uses to poop #AnniesMove #community””
Thank You so much :D
Knowing Jesus... wakes the eyes of the heart.
On my way to the gym now to work off yesterday's stress and bull
Security 2012 has kicked off in Indy. Higher Ed information security practitioners gather to improve cybersecurity in higher ed
lets hope so
A #BFElvisFactoid - today in 1960 Elvis Presley made his first post-Army recording.
Yeah I know the feeling. Let's hope they keep coming in. In the mean time I am indeed happy as a freelancer. Thanks Ryan!
awww Happy Birthday!!!!
Am completely alone at home, it's snowing, and I have no means of transportation. It shall be an epic vacation day today, methinks.
Have fun talking to Mark after this one...
ah! why why why he is so sexy he is playing in 2 weeks im still deciding if i should go or not tickets are still available
I'm a tax payer! What are you? A sax player!?
Can Someone help me get to 150 please!!:)
I was interviewed/featured in an issue of Curve Mag! Page 10 :) Please support my artwork by purchasing copy. Thanks so much! Lots o' <3 V
yeah i do it in a sarcastic way lol. Like mr. Berry has super swag lol.
During the Playoffs me & can only directly communicate on nights when our teams arent playing or we couldnt b cool lol
Happy Leap Day!!!
Brought my 14 and 11 yr old sons to #reinventlocal to observe what innovation looks like The business of APIs and superb event
Gramercy!! We go on in 20 minutes!! Who's hanging out with us?? Make sure you say hello to us =)
that's crazy.
I'm happy for the people of Sacramento, but still increasingly angry at Howard Schultz and Greg Nickels.
Is government supposed to be so small you can drown it in a bathtub or fit it in a vagina? I forget.
yes I'll shoot you some options when I get in front of the computer
Fun lil time at eagle creek
Two, everyone thinks their problems are most important. So anti-white racism is "the real racism" when it's what you notice personally.
Hooker lost Assemblyman in 1853 by13 votes in CA. Future Polit.Ambitions? GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
yes I did!!! Omg I'm so happy jordan won it and Jeff won the favorite big brother contestant. Jeff was cute ;)
#milwaukee We will be tweeting at the Milwaukee NARI Home Improvement show this weekend in Milwaukee, WI. Stay tuned for show specials!
I'm sure your readers will love :)
and yeah, he's saying it's not true. May not be. I'm just saying...I can see it. hahaa
“: An #Aries can blow up a small situation and make it a big deal.” this is soo me
Training Truth: Instead of doing more cardio, do better cardio. When your aerobic training is more challenging, your results will be better.
Lets Go Mets!!!
YOU TWO ARE SO PERFECT. I CAN'T HANDLE IT.
I'm not sure her example doesn't turn more folks off
« so Boosie was found not guilty?»
Sounds like a good plan to me. : )
Louie Louie!!!
Listening to Stevie Wonder to try to clean my brain out after that appalling Karmin thing. Talking Book seems to be doing the trick...
Playground flash mob @ 11pm fells square, Mark I better see you out there.
I love the way you say "Constancio". lolololol.
Its funny how quick I get irritated
me neither!!!
ha. Text me
RT : Yes! Today we will be celebrating my birthday at This is the spot for the week for b-days and Cinco!
FInishing the last minute details for the IAAPA trade show before we leave for Vegas, this will be a great week!
Get your pet fixed the low-cost way! The Spay Neuter Clinic offers a variety of pet services at affordable prices. Spaying or neutering...
I love not having a car!
Phil Gentry takes up Philip Brett on connection between John Cage's indeterminacy and sex cruising. (audible gasps in audience!)
I'm pretty sure Matt Bush failed that test.
See Im the victim here!!!
a lot of Sprout's programming is worthy of deeper discussion
Homecoming is here! Come out and support your Tigers all weekend!
Stress-Free Moving
miss you :(
wanted to respond to your link, but decided it best not to have my opinion on job v career permanently stored on internets
good day at LB. thanks to everyone who stopped by our booth & donated to the seal beach fund! Patchwork will be back in May!
I think I just died when I saw Clint Barton.
Just leased one of your beats.. can't believe youre only 19, your shit is better than the pros
if you treat me like shit, i wont hesitate to call you on it.
Aries can easily become spoiled and resented by others.
are yall going to fiddlers frolic on friday or saturday?
#Mark Earlix #healer speaking & working on people Sunday at Galactic Expo 12 noon & booth #33, Fair Grounds
Gabby & Carlos are so cute when they're sweet to each other, ugh & Orson does so much for Bree lol. Jail & surgery.
Thanks. Would love your feedback.
Hi God, u know what to do for MissiK at this moment, so i am already thanking You for the answers and a calm and peace mojo 4 her
True believers understand that certain things just cant be explained.
Cant wait to share it with all of you!!
...respect for all of u ladies the team and the other fans!!!! This #PACKFAM is truely amazing and one of a kind!!!!
Happy to be here, wish I could stay longer. Also, looks pretty cool!
“: ah. i love Mint Condition.” -- the old skool r&b group??
whats up with T.O. Thats my boy
i think that the most coolest peoples in the wrold is , , , so follow them please :)
hey girl lol I don't no what's up with my phone I'm just getting the notification
Summer has come early!
At the Flyers game, having an AWESOME time! With GREAT seating
Was nice to meet you guys yesterday! Thanks for saying hi. ;) Even if you are Tar Heels.
yes, and ill be there:-)
'Permont' is another one, is it really that hard?
Hi Daniel, you're awesome. and I'm looking forward to meeting you, whenever that is #HHFamily :-)
May you live all the days of your life.
in 2011! Watch out world!!!!
"Pick your favorite brownie mix" is no way to start a recipe for the 'ultimate brownie'.
Moving towards abyss ? What do u call Zardari Klepto regime ?
I'm looking for a #hairstylist for this Sunday afternoon's test shoot with an exceptional team! Message me if you're interested!
lol ok I'm looking at tabs old yearbooks and was certain it was you!!
I don't understand why are my followers in Twitter are increasing! :S
MacDefender Virus/Malware attacked most MACs earlier... Be warned.... Do not install!
I love that movie!
Hey Bro! Thanks for the referral! It's Abba's Girls Music and Management on facebook! Like "Abba Father":-)
Yeah Definitely.
I'm ready for skype test. Will you be calling soon?
makes me sick and validates how if you are rich what you can buy your self out of. Makes me want to boy-cot Hollywood
R.I.P Heavy D. Talented brotha!
That term is "Refreshing." This helps the food retain its flavor and color.
LMAO that is awesome
its curly like pubic hair
haha we were just over that way!
Did some sick manuling today .
FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM!!!
I know it's not real original but I'm totally baked and that's the 1st thing that came to mind. Any show planned for Philly?
Ten Tiny Taiko Dances = FUN! Come see the final show at the Winningstad TODAY, 2pm matinee! Tiny stage, big drums...
I can't believe my dog fell asleep before the big awards. Eh, he was always more of a golden globes kind of dog
Heyy will you guys be in Newcastle next month with BrokenCYDE and Jeffree star, Ive already got my tickets I just want to know:3
Going to work on the album a little bit, and then do some homework
omg ur cat is adorable :)
Sometimes when I'm alone, I use Comic Sans. #graphic design
Me 3. RT When Tim tweets, I listen. RT You should be following
We're here until 10PM tonight!! Check out our community center for the latest ideas for your NYE party, we've got all the scoop!
Coughing tens of times a day, all day, every day, is unreasonable and PERVERSE, guys. Absurd. But someone tell my cube neighbor that. ARGH.
Played an awesome show last weekend in Warsaw! We will have some photos & video up to share tomorrow
Oh thank goodness is safe!!! Super shocked at the bottom 3 though. Wow.
Good to be back at the membership committee meeting today! Holiday Jam is coming December 14.
Wow am I really that needy? And can't wait for your bday! I'm gonna be a Smurf, so I might still be blue
Enjoy a #naturist special getaway 2 nights $200 visit us
Thanks for stopping in! Hope you enjoyed the gorgeous weather. Come back soon!
I'm SO bored!!! Lol jk
loved Retromania, wondered if you've read Nietzsche's "On the Uses and Disadvantages of History for Life," highly rec'd.
You'd always say that you hate to see me hurt and you hate to see me cry. So all of those times u hurt me, did u close ur eyes??
Gmail Fail I've been getting this error all day Oops… the system encountered a problem (#000) - Retrying in 22s…
I feel the same, and its probably directly tied to the rising childhood obesity rates
We're good!(: Can you PLEASE follow me? (<:
Last year it was "swag". This year "ratchet". I can't hate, some of ya'll needed those two words added to your vocab Lol!
communication ecology? it is earth day after all.
Earth's population up to 7 billion now...if I ever do decide to get on the "mommy train", pretty sure I should just adopt.
okay good!
And just like that, the Federal Dept. of Fashion is created!
Give me a break, pathetic
I know its been a couple of years lol ... thank you !!! & dm your number to me
- Thank you for the #FF!
Black Friday Only!! Get 50% more than you spend on tattoo gift certificates! Example $100=$150 gift cert. Cash Only, only good for tattoos!
I HATE FOLLOW LIMIT.
Can't wait to be birdwatching in the Berkeley hills with you know who. :)
the yellow ranger held the weight of the whole team of #PowerRangers up. she was the one of the legs!
#ThatIrritatesMe.....that some ppl be screaming "IM SINGLE && LOVING IT" but is so DESPERATE of wanting a man....
More importantly, was the law firm communication sent as spam? Did you opt in?
Another awesome LIVE intervu from
Rick Ross Birthday Bash 2night Hosted By Diddy... #StudioLife Will be in the building VIP
- Happy new year & new phone ;-)
Almost Friday
ok that is really cool thanks.
I just got outa the bath tub to plug in my radio.. I wasn't dry yet... I electrocuted myself.. Still in shock.. Goodnight
- Finish this joke: A nun, a monk and a rabbi walk into Starbucks...
Looks like is on a roll today! Nice work! RT : Just found some Free Art #fafdet thanks
DIG! may be the greatest movie ever.
Thanks for the kind words!
Why not?
Thank you so much!
As you breath, another person takes his last. So stop complaining, but rather live your life with what you got. Make every breath count.
livin on my own without a phone so i drone on an epiphone all alone
Took the wrong bus >:| fuck now I'm late to work.
Just followed a ton of little monsters. Follow back for #gagafacts!
I wish but he's outta town right now 😢but yea we can still go to the movies!!
my 9-1 lead just might put me into the playoffs.
Short haiku by Issa, read by Rogers A lovely thing to see through the paper window hole The galaxy
Nice game last night but what was that on your head?
lol yes i love your blog your a great writer...and that makes now... when are you coming here again?
Ah, but those are the ones to really slash-and-burn. To think what I could do with Robert Coover (or, sacrilege, John Hawkes)
no way! Smh he's a big waste of space I swear I've really tried to reach out to him, but he's too much of a LIAR for me!
knowing that your boyfriend is cheating on you...</3
Follow Please? Your Amazing!!!<33
Not sure what is, or what we do? Check out our website @ www.wvmusichalloffame.com
Seriously, I would fuck to any by The Weeknd songs.
Today kicks off National Pet Week in the USA! What celebrations do you have planned? Start the week off right by hugging your pet today!
- dislike! Stopped caring when I was 12! Now if the waitstaff brought out a fee bottle of wine!!! Now we're talking!
Fuck I wanted to watch that damn movie
Lynnette has worn the button down, collared shirts 90% of the past 8 yrs, most of which were blue or w/ stripes.
Birthday wishes, have a good one!
if you not my parent then please learn who you talking to.
things Im pissed about...the list seems endless. #Amiright?
I'm pretty sure I'm getting sick ughh
RT The Sofia Hotel "We do not remember the days, we remember the moments." - Cesare Pavese
#20ThingsAboutMe 6. I hate my job. Hollister is a piece of shit and I cannot stress this enough times.
my favorite song from i'm taking off is all of them.
good morning 😃
haha well thank you :)
We understand that you really don’t feel like making dinner tonight. We’re here to help!
Is EXCITED that it is going to be in the 80's here tmrw!
Oh you know, eating a five pound tub of cookie dough. Nbd.
You know that #feeling when you know something great! But you can't say anything ):
This MVP acceptance speech is so good.
Looks like Hopslam is now on tap
Sad to have missed the opening of the FAV Triennial Exhibition tonight. Hoping to make it down to Providence to check it out soon!
The water kept rising from the bowl
Maurice Sendak, thank you for making my childhood and my adulthood more magical than it would have been otherwise.
One hour til Wendy's opens
"One of the marks of excellent people is that they never compare themselves with others."
9 tackles 1.5 sacks another day at the office s/o to my daw for gettin live out there...we makin noise this year
Thx #Gmail Motion for making my morning. BTW, this tweet was written by making obscene noises with my armpits.
Shewt... It might've been from John piper, or maybe Donald miller.
Wow! Virginian Earthquake?Felt as far as New York City and Washington?
Lots of folks have DUIs. Leon Hall even. Dude can play and was a good citizen. Love the pick.
The library's revolving door makes a woo-woo sound every time it moves. Wish I had a can of grease like the cartoon chars carry around
sweats pants dayy :D
the paper or online????? My Mom can't find it haha
w/ ready for an awesome show and night!!
good luck all!
citrine nyc is going to be hot tonight. i will be at tavern on the green before that:)
“ There's nothing like havn your OWN & being SPOILED at da same damn time!! 😉😊😘”
I'm cooking up some internet magic, as usual. I'll take some ribs though! :-D
Son gone and all I wanna do is lay in the bed.. #smh just need a break I guess
slowly getting sicker as we get further into spring
All first-year admission decisions will be mailed on March 27! Check your mailboxes and Fight On!
Getting my new MacBook pro
it's been awhile!!
Real friends don't get offended when you insult them. They laugh and call you something even more offensive. Me and
Oh, what's that? You were right in the middle of reading the Spring issue of MOD Magazine? Oh okay, that's what I thought. LOL
Firehouse + Jamba Juice = Ultimate Hangover Cure
MONEY & RESPECT
Sen Alesi announced he's not running for re-election last night.
#3drunkwords "live it up!"
I love this!
Ugh, still working on the housebreaking. Damn puppy is a poo machine! And he wants to eat everything!
Eating at Taco Bell..wondering if this is the beginning of fast, cheap food for the world population...89 cents for a bean & beef burrito.
The Art of Western Expansion - Art Talk at Nanini. Saga of western migration in 1800s through eyes of artists. Wed, 2-22 @ 3:30. No Reg.
Girls will purposely make you jealous to see if you care
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow is trending. Oh boy.
I really want to go emo.....
--when all is said and done, I might be successful but I won't have anyone around to enjoy my life with me. I worry about it but I don't --
": .lol Me && My Keita B. ! .love her" love you to girl lol
Another great weekend! Thanks to , and for everyone in Minneapolis for coming out! Up next - May 3!
To my dismay, my old silver fillings that were replaced with pretty tooth-colored ones have no trade-in value. Times have changed since 1920
talk to tomorrow hanks HAY
I cried when my frog got lost:( he jumped away and disappeared sadly
haha yeah I know! That would be amazing. :)
Damn, the first scene! Our ad was spot on.
Time for #Brady to handle biz.......
hey there, How ya been?
what happened bro?
Lol like old times! I'm sure Brad would've loved to go with you ;)
LOVE that movie.
Morning World <3
Always have to #Thank the #Father for being woken up! Happy #Sunday everybody!🙌🙏
I just did my weekly 10 votes for and Peta! Did you?
doing everything i cn to be noticed! following every1 he follows just to get a simple follow bck pls follow...4 me :)) :p
RT : The libertarian position is not pro gay marriage. The libertarian position is get the government entirely out of marriage
hey we're in the same cohort! Know if any others from anne's cohort tweet?
"Don't frown. You never know who's falling in love w/your smile..." - on #FB this morning. Thanks, Birdy Boo. :)
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
Thanks Tim! I appreciate all the good advice. Now I just need to figure out how to put all the good advice to use at once. :)
I would die if you followed me!! Your my idol!!
“ While the other guy's sleeping? I'm working. While the other guy's eatin'? I'm working. ” Will Smith (1968 – )
Back home safe from week-long conference in Cincinnati. Did not convert me to a Reds fan, go Brewers!
I have a serious case of the mondays through late thursdays.
you always get distracted easy lol
Hooray! Hope you had a swell time this weekend.
Are you kidding me?
Its a beautiful day in
I just lost my bestfriend...again.
okay i gave up video for the month, so what music and podcasts can you recommend to fill my entertainment hole?
Loving the housewives of NY reunion...part 2
We still need those 15 likes to give away tickets for Sunday's matinee! Share us!
Can u bring an iPod full of some Euro music for after 9pm? We have some great Europeans on the task already, but more is better
More and more i find the need to start a separate to-do list of things i want to remind myself to spend time thinking about. a to-think list
My Keurig blew a fuse here but my tenacity won out in the end; now the pot is plugged in on the circ desk.
I tried the new Twitter, and I disliked it immensely. I'm sticking with this one, but maybe I'll try the new one later and like it... <3
U go girl!
In 2007 Apple paid about 1 million dollars for the iphone.com domain
Why does confuse me so much. Can we just have a restart?
no problem, glad it's rollin for ya.
Hi John! Thanks for #following Love your positive attitude! Bring it on!
Herman Hesse Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat.
Neumann far ahead in delegate voting looking to earn wi gop endorsement #rpw2012 Fitzgerald in second
I'll try to make it!
dm would you be interested in a ground breaking story regarding an academic leap eliminating most or all book costs?
Ignore me I don't care .
Thanks for the follow! I just followed you on #Tumblr too=)
I love my life & I love runnin around doin a million things. Sometimes I just want to do nothing. Just sleep. Just me & my bed.
WTF #: so many followers if u follow me i follow ya back how that sound
LOVE making smoothies with frozen fruit. I always have it on hand. I never had the Standard Process protein powder... will try!
Where did the blue skies go? Come in and be ready for the sun to come out with as organic glow spray tan!
Thank you for the RT! xo
I love it!! One of my favorite things about the twitter-verse!
Very interesting article, thanks!
yeah hopefully, maybe now she's realized how much Stefan really cares, she'll want him back again...
Right on ;)RT : Never be afraid to be yourself. Remember an original is worth more than a copy. #HappyFriday!
Patience is a virtue... RT : I have too much patience 😳😳😳😳
Yeah that happened to me before. That sucks :/
That looks so good. Do they deliver? to Nebraska?
hope he makes it through ok, he's had enough to deal with. praying for him <3
Loving the organizing products featured today. Absolutely makes cleaning that much more fun & organized!
I forgot I have tattoos -_-
B.I.E.B.E.R. Believe In Everything Because Everything's Reachable
st. louis bound this AM
RT I hope to get cracking on my children's book this break! Maybe I'll get the proper tools for xmas#HDSholiday <online?
My timeline right now is hilarious 😂
I like Ev, & for monogramming, the more curly Q's the better. U know they make glow-in-the-dark thread, right? :)
the sun can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else to do
When I root I root for the TIMBERS!!!
“ #Gemini at their worst can be cold, detached and insensitive”
#happyeaster spread the love ♥
hi austin. please tweet me, you would pretty much make my life. <3
One good idea that some entrepreneurs in Boston created was a weekly coffee gathering on Wednesday mornings and ...
~~Stage Freight Strategies Part 4~~ 8.Absolutely memorize your opening statement so you can recite it on autopilot if you have to.
I just recently found out that Washington DC is not actually in Washington but in Maryland
Merry Christmas!!!!!
The better half () had family day with the Perez girls - - - I had SANGRIA & POODLE DAY in Central Park!!!
My celebrity look alike is definitely E.T.
i slammed my head into my towel rack last night, it hurt like hell... luckily the bruise is minimal & benji said i was fine
I love freepdfconvert.com so much I wanna marry it.
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless My love for
That math test was epic ahaa!
Wanna do something different with your Saturday afternoon tomorrow? Sign up a team for tomorrow's CityStreak and win $300
Getting started at work is becoming my daily Vietnam
I think we would need all the balloons-I wonder what they do with them post parade? Hope you & Ollie had a happy thanksgiving!
really i sort of like texas but prefer to move to new york or something like that!
inbox me on fb I need one for my god daughter
Ira Berlin's _Many Thousands Gone_ addresses north American slavery both regionally and chronologically; good for mining fns.
Writing a news release can b like putting all the puzzle pieces together to make the finished product
Still hungover from the birthday of
Today is the first day of Seattle Beer Week. A week that LASTS ELEVEN DAYS.
I am having serious blazer envy this morning re and Jordan Alexander Stein
my blog=flawless lol
Special thanks to the drivers in the #DFW #metroplex today for my rain-soaked commuting adventure through this morning's thunderstorms.
U brought back so many characters but at the same time u let 1 from the same time frame go - Why???
LOVE RT : leadership/corporate culture: "If you behave like a disease, people develop an immune system" ~ Kevin Marks
We'll miss you Jean
i just want to dance with you
yea but im sure there is a close second somewhere..
Can you two stop being so cute. Kidding.. No but really. <3
I wish I had a cool name. Instead I'm stuck with caroline.
this is a great list but missing a tool for going beyond the blog, why not DreamFace
It is spring forward Monday
Bristol Palin, fuck you.
I cant stop readin em i really wanna fully understand
It doesn’t matter where you are, you are nowhere compared to where you can go. -Bob Proctor
“The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.” Vidal Sassoon
CHEAP POKER TABLES! www.eproducts4less.biz
I did, it died today. Hence, no ride.
Friend :Say ma you bad Me: you know her Friend: no but I got her number
You can hella tell that all those females who post about going to the gym all the time got butt naked when it got hot outside lol
Non TT can be co-PIs, but a TT person has to be in the lead.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld The Notebook 
Get what you really wanted. bacon-chocolate bars at The Chocolate Library now.
To be the agent whose touch changes nature from a wild force to a work of art is inspiration of the highest order. -Bob Rodale
Vote for on Great Food Truck Race: RT vote ten times by texting FT088 to 66789 (Thats a Zero) Thanks soo much!
yes. We'll coordinate timing/space needs shortly!
hey christian jacob beadles
I find it a little weird that I still get nervous before I interview someone.
Ask Siri "Where can I get an Android phone?" and she just thinks & thinks w/o an answer...
congrats on past two days. this year's #cooneyforum was great. keep building industry bridges! next year: #parentscaffolding !
Klex sounds like a type of flying dinosaur xD lol i cant with these bitches >
I often find myself down in the dumps over the fact that the Bill Callahan / Joanna Newsom relationship never yielded a collaborative album.
My life is what you call complicated :( definitely not a fairytale
Four letter F network went out of their way not mentioning our name after Q match ended. Unbelievable!
LOL I've never heard it hahahaha I'll have to check it out :-)
Waiter, what is this hare doing in my salad? I believe he's eating your lettuce.
Due to extreme demand we have added Tuesday, March 20, for our Capone Wine Dinner series! Amuse starts at 6 pm. Come join us for an...
Don't know if anyone else listening to caught it, but Andy just played a song with lines from Allen Ginsberg's "Howl"
Preview for June 10 seminar: learn how to draft a complaint, what is arbitration and when is it appropriate and what to do if you get sued
So maybe not as effective?
"HATER!! #SpursNationAllDay : I'm unfollowing spurs fans, starting with this guy -----> "
did you ever get a sushi rec near Grand Central? Still looking for one?
My chem teacher is a bitch.
its not dumb, you started a culture. 20 yrs strong
At least one person gets it!
"Nobody looks back in their life and remembers the nights they had plenty of sleep." :)
Will French be the second language in locker room if team signs recently bout out Boris Diaw?
If anybody wpuld like to take a break from studying I have something I need help with.
RT : Just a note to #highered - your students are your ROI - Rare, Odd & Interesting. Remember that.
and? btw, did you get my pyrex tweet?
"Diseases of the soul are more dangerous and more numerous than those of the body", according to Cicero
not my falt! Some1 posted an was curious
Congratulations on the winning guess! We look forward to having you at the show
Thank you kindly, took long enough. My advice, if u want to peruse the job market post-graduation - keep ur job while u look
Courtney is all bark, notice she never picks on the girls that will fight back.
listened to my alter egos album &fell down the stairs (consequently...)
Join us this weekend! We have great party plans/dj lineups! Reserve your table by DM/RT us :)
Stop checking your phone for a text you’ll never get.
Carlsbad Strawberry Co WILL NOT be at the Market today - they were hit HARD by the recent rains and don't have their produce to bring today.
Great! Take a look at www.laketravisinsurance.com. I'll call tomorrow =)
Yeah and I leave Saturday morning at 9 So I can talk till then unless Avery gives me her phone.
I don't see your appt? Did you try to book?
good it was soo cute!! now for hair and nails :)
amen MT If ever does something stupid as adding commercials&showing EDITED films then I'll know the world must have ended
Musicology is, um, weird. Saw a paper on the early history of scat singing that didn't mention race. Nor did any of the questions.
Thanks, Jane. Enjoyed your five part blog series on crisis and look forward to connecting with you too.
Follow us at for the newest updates!!!!!
Magnolia & Garfield
Visuals get to the brain faster than words. And visuals communicate in any language. Author: Unknown
Rest in peace, Etta James. Thank you for the years of warm, rich, human music that expressed hope and beauty in the midst of sadness.
No I didn't!! But that's great news. Length of stay, what's on the agenda?
Oohhh . I know who you are now .
happy pi day everyone!!!!!!! make sure to make that pie!
Why is everyone in this school so ignorant? Gain some respect.
So tired :/
#AlexHeartMe I heart you too.
I love Queen; Did you hear that Adam Lambert will be their new frontman? I am withholding judgement until I hear what they sound like
mp3 on while cleaning...
tweeting from molly and andrews wedding in medina...staying alive isnt the same with a rapper!
Be sure to stop by Baciami Cafe in Larchmont Village today and try the Grand Bigne! Yum! Get 20% off with your Block Card too!
YES! So badass.
hey is your phone number the same as it was?
I did , ok ill wait.
Vonage Visual Voicemail translations are giving a new dimension to dementia
Wieters is a bad man. When will runners learn their lesson.
Will be watching more Doug puppet videos #smbmad made this Subaru owner laugh... A lot!
God is always bigger than you imagined or expected or even hoped. ~Richard Rohr
Why was at my house, without me... Haahhaahah
Dying Easter eggs(:
Check out my NEW SONG! International Love by Chris Brown and Pitbull Remix (Putting Down Tonight) - Jace Spades. It's Official
...double or nothing!
still awesome
I want to hire Vin Scully to call my life.
House readopts HB1238, early literacy bill. Congrats and
its with the GoSMS txt app....I can only screenshot txt msgs
Me: I'll wear a snood. Husband: What's a snood? Me: Like a cloche. Husband: That doesn't help.
I think you should! It's a nice way to treat yourself :)
#BackInElementarySchool I WAS COOL.
It goes in waves. Sometimes I tweet a lot. Then not. But if I am passionate about a cause....watch out! LOL!
bo =/ okay aha i would of unfollowed you for that if you did laugh :p
U of I tonight in a bit 9pm @ the Kappa Sigma house, dig it.
Excited to be joining in NYC. A few more hours and I'm there!
If only they'd been able to merge the two headlines: House of cheating chickens draws scrutiny.
Get some longer shorts.
Words aint shit , You bitches aint makin me Money ' So i could care less about one ..
having a personal side to a blog is a must! Otherwise it blends in to every other page on the web.
did some late Grammys creepin. Thanks to & I feel like I was pretty much there. =D
Make sure to wear compression garments for at least 12 weeks after having a tummy tuck.
haha why? I need to make a profit!! Use gidgets car and charge $5...you'll make a killing
Info Lit 101 RT : Very interesting to think about developing tools that expose web as marketplace and not a library
do u follow her? Cuz ppl have blocked me and it still shows their tweets but if I respond they don't get it. Weird. Bitch.
the debate was summed up in one word. NO!
How are those related at all? You look like an ass.
Mind your "P"'s & "Q"'s!!! New Numbers and Letters are up now!
I did not!! Get me some!!
Same. RT : I need more coffee..or my bed
Downton Sixbey last night was brilliant.
yo JB loved you in THE TWENTIETH CENTURY with Carole Lombard. Put down that bottle you rascal!
I love how everyone in LA is getting their tattoos removed. It's more painful to remove it, just don't get any @ all & have fun w/ a sharpee
Weeding out the people who don't understand, or follow. Bout to leave em all behind.
um yeah it is he's fing hawt! And NIGGA PLEASE! ;)
Before overreacting, stop and think. Then do the shuffle.
The 4 P's no long work; we need to focus on the new "P's": problem, pattern, path, proof.
That's a feature definitely worth the download. Now if Tweetie integrated LN and FB, that'd be something fierce.
Can anyone in Tweetville recommend a heavy bag stand? I can't hang a bag in my apartment and am looking for a solid stand to hang one from.
is it for the summer camp I told you to apply for? If so...that figures. I get my friends job and still jobless myself haha.
please don't say thats what they said on Fox.....
Jinsu's mixtape and music video drops today! who's excited!
I think the GenX session is going to be *that* moment that I talk about as inspiring the next stage in my career. Bring it on!
my jealousy is going to be the death of me........i dont care......im never going to trust any other girl around you..
The NBA player's union decided to disband because they would not get a raise on the $5million avg yearly salary.
if you find one of those let me know, I'm curious too!
All that is left now is Facebook... That will be a big step.
Don't rely on people to make you happy. Be strong and do it yourself 😄💪
Am I the only person who gets mad when I find out old friends aren't on facebook and I'm gonna have to email them instead?
Then what's big threat to marriage? “: ..stat: only 0.6-0.8% of househlds in #Colorado are same-sex couples #COleg #civilunions”
Hello Ms McMillan...
I guess about to go to the bar and chill
Selling $DRR buying $YCS. Going from short Euro to short Yen.
Lmao. That MOTHA fucka sleep wild as hell and he snores. Yeah I'm bout to do something...
CumMillion is the perfect catch!!
1. Create your Account 2. Download the App 3. Download on OS X or Check Purchases on iOS. Feel free to contact me
my fav and absolutely handsome, just saying, xo! ;)
@ DylanCollins95 I tweeted for you to follow me at 11:11 last night, will you make my wish come true? ;)
thank you thank you for sponsoring The Milwaukee Wine Opener!
I love my best friend maddie durbin!(:<3
Some people hear voices.. Some see invisible people.. Others have no imagination whatsoever.
Who wants a s/o for 150
Textin #OOMF wit a big smile on my face!!!
Think you will make any prints of your "my little pony" print, my daughter would love it.
Good representation from at #contenttour Baltimore! Thanks and Bridgeline Digital for sponsoring.
me too. let's move to north dakota and work in the oil field.
Tweet of the day right here, folks. #NoBaseballKnowledge ": Homer Bailey is awful easily biggest MLB draft bust of all-time"
I gotta make my seperate twitter account named "DVFismymom"..I jut love her too much
Influenza del cazzo >.<
Wow convicted prostitute driving a school bus really Is it that big of a deal she tryna make a honest living.
#Acting mantra "The difficult becomes habit. The habit easy. The easy . . . beautiful". ~ Stanislavsky, Moscow Art Thtr.
Don't forget to follow to get in on all the action of SLJ's Battle of the Kids Books this year!
ABDC wont be the same without the boyz
you were at George's too?! That's so weird. I was in the corner.
Some pretty epic music last night with Video pending.
Of course, even brought the cooler to stock up! RT : Yuma?! Please tell me you stopped at Mr. G's!
Hehe. I understand. I think I might be too, so I guess I have something to work on.
haha sorry xo
Tonight at the command center !!! Come meet us at 7 to help "paper your street " !
have a great time.
Boston Globe Event Inside the Collapse now streaming live on www.BostonGlobe.com
tonight we close at 1 am
I'm just gonna say it. I still don't know what gluten is.
trying twitter again
Yikes. In your mouth?
Spoil me like a princes. 👑
Way to go ! To the tourney we go!
teams that won in the big XII no less! Best conference around!
& : thnx for following #lifevineworks and what we do 4 youth!
don't forget to pick up our brand new single on iTunes available today!!
Next on my reading list: "Everything is obvious", by #sixdegrees author Duncan Watts. Looking forward!
Billy's on Grand Friday, April 27 8:00pm-10:00pm St. Paul, MN Schell's Team will be sampling 6 Schell draft brand Tattoos & Prizes available
I hope so! Tarragon cognac is next. Could be a hit or miss.
alright cool
Travis, i love you so much. You're everything to me. You treat me like a princess. & You never let anyone hurt me. :)
E-Portfolios: Need to provide opportunities for reflection
Wonderful! I'm really glad I was able to help with this--it will certainly be fun to see how we can collaborate in this venue.
Fenna do an experiment... Ima do something yall do but with my own lil touch
Opening hymn: "Land of the Bottom Line" by John Gorka
#notetoself don't take add meds before a massage appt. Couldn't fully relax
Do you need me to come to Chicago and take you both out for coffee? :)
Fabulous and Ray J had a fight? Really? Aren't they too old to be fighting?
#idontsupport you talking so much. #isupport you shutting your mouth for once!
the nuggets are a good team. Lol they better than the Hawks. Ring a bell?
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
But you're already >
#RG3 trending. Redskins fans pumped. has the story of how the Skins moved up in the draft to get this elite QB. News4 at 6
"I have to go back to BFM to get my bank card." "Hey, I think I left my dignity there, can you look around for it while you are there?"
Woohoo! Approved for the apartment in Leesburg! Now, just need to decide whether to take it or not!
for sure dude! what kind of music do you guys play?
But what about actual phone conversations? WiFi great, mobile phone use bad and #Virgin is apptly going to do it!
I once owned a Ford Pinto. But not in an ironic way. IT WAS MY RIDE.
o gosh lol Idk I didnt think it was bad lol hate Chain Letters too!=/
Friends are relatives you make for yourself - Eustache Deschamps.
I'm working as a Production Coordinator on an Indie NYC film for the next few weeks. Sitting down to start the SAG paperwork.
I'm editing a blog post from one of our Chinese writers on the same topic as well. It's an issue that's not going away ...
Debuting April 24, Spotted Pig chef April Bloomfield's book, A Girl and Her Pig from Harper Collins. Can't wait.
Happiness is getting to know people over dark beer & mexican food! Happiness is a never ending supply of fresh water! Two in one y'all!!!
kay i followed kimberley back!!
Same to you as well be blessed! RT sister, I appreciate you. All the best to you. xo
Hello Laurie, Thank You!
ha ha did not hear u!!! Ha
Kogi BBQ on Ventura at Calhoun -- no line! Get it.
lol oh wow whats wrong my lovely link?
My dog's breath smells like cat food.
#How2Tarot Look out for a number today between 1-22. Something that stands out in the day. When you get home, look up the Major card & read.
where do these anchor men live?
was ready to fight.
Alex is Sexy! (;
If ur not at tonight for Sunny Sweeney u should be!! Having so much fun w/ !!
Two fun nights in a roll.! (: i am so happy.(: cant wait till tomorrow.! Get a fun night with the big sis.
There's still time to visit us at #NYLA11 - We're in booth #96!!! You know you've found us when you see the green booth!
well thats good I guess!:D
Harrisons: democratizing the knowledge of environmentalism "the people who rise up for change will be generalists, not specialists."
“: "I Luh u guh!!" In my Jody from Baby Boy voice lol” LOL I just watched the the other day
Family dinner and family champagne after party tomorrow!
Hahahaha!! RT : LMAO!!! RT : That awkward moment when someone tells you 'long time no see'
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt.
Merry Christmas Eve everyone... :)
The accident I just had made me loose my will to want to drive.
Mornin' World...let's get this day goin...got goals...let's reach em :)
thanks, enjoy the Fox Valley!
Question 2 #sif12 speakers event on corruption, Azeri blogger said Net can expose corruption--but it doesn't matter if no one cares!
Ill watch sportscenter all night babbyyyy
Reached 100 exercises on Slowly catching up with
this is my real one as well I don't have a RP here
We Are! The New Year, Inside The Target Car, F, A Jasey Project TOMORROW!!!! Bring everyone you've ever known!
What's the one thing Vicente Padilla likes to do more than any P in baseball? Hit batters. Lean into one here Hardy...
TJ Maxx opened today in DC! If you went, what did you buy? Do you think it will fill the void that Filene's left?
the bEARTHday love is overwhelming! <3 THANK YOU ALL
Word! RT : RT : Sometimes it just takes one person to get it for everybody else to get it.
hey! its alex! miss me? -alex
Did you know: Hu Honua Bioenergy will produce baseload power for HELCO? Meaning a steady, reliable energy source and stable energy costs.
you love to hate... But can't because you love what I make
my exact thoughts. ridiculous.
5 min in & God Bless America & it's my new favorite flick.
happy mothers day to all the mommas out there. you're appreciated ❤
I think it takes 100 days to form a habit.
#iPad2 Should be #1, not 10. Are you reading this kids? ;) “: Found article : "Ten great Mother's Day gifts" :-)”
Best thing about that dvd was that it came with a free ticket to see the Remake. Can't wait for this one!
I love him and I don't care what anybody has to say about it.
I'm excited! Yay for trying something new.
i think thats a metaphor for gayness...i mean if you wanna come out ill be right there to support ya
Doing gay things with
I'm bored. Can someone talk to me?
Something about being in the CT scanner is reminiscent of Pink Floyd's "Welcome to the Machine." That, and bankruptcy.
Thanks! Trying to break some business writers of bad habits (impactful!).
I especially like neil flynn
Content-aware move tool... Blur gallery... bravo impressive features in the new Photoshop CS6!
I never change, I simply become more myself. - Joyce Carol Oates
way to not text me backk betchhh and i had to tell u sumthin too wow sucks for you dont it?
Thanks for the kind words! :)
God reveals Himself to a seeking mind.
thanks for following! check out tonights review of Acapulco Sam's on the riverwalk!
Which is gratifying in and of itself. Congrats on the last opinion! Bittersweet, I'm sure.
i tweet so much.
didn't notice
i finished my turron bar 😣
Thanks Marc :)
getting ready, haha. (:
Today so far we are at $6,446.That's great but we must not lose sight of what our goal is $15,000 by November 3rd.
“: That beach run gets me every time.” how long or far do u run?
lindsey is a pantie snatcher. :o
Impromptu elevator pitches in the halls of ? This needs to happen.
no school for me todayy :D
lol, the girl was only 16 too. I was shittyy.. But I get it fixed next week.
Very excited about watching the Final Four tonight with old friends. Okay, okay, middle-aged friends. :)
Dave, Seattle, Amazon's Global Employer Brand Leader. My awesome thing...training to win Gold in Social Olympics.
Quote of the day: "Your day may have gone good, but it could always end bad."
When is Jersey Shore coming back? Thursdays are boring without it.
Exciting news- you will soon be able to tumblr with us.
Good Luck tonight!! Mega buzz going on about
Washington may have regained some footing with a 2-1 win Sunday afternoon in Buffalo
But as a result, their words may not necessarily get read/heard because millions are doing the same.
Thankx chad u not so bad yourself lol.... I try my best
He do be ballin keep up the work
Our business platform provides your team with an email server, corporate IM, private/public calendaring
in Soviet Russia, storm chases you?
u don't wht me
setting the tone...
The weekend has arrived! Join us for bunch on the patio. The yummy-ness starts at 11a!
Getting ready to eat a late breakfast.Got out and enjoyed the AMAZING weather when we took the daughter to her workshop!Enjoy the day guys!
are you from Ohio...?
you only ever talk to me on Sundays :(
Spent the whole day with today, it was great<3
RT You wanna lend me 2 dollars?
Facebook is going no where fast
He who say ones who great go by the name j mitch
Education Conservancy's Lloyd Thacker -"Education is the crucible of hope."
You we're in a Starbucks? You've really changed, you're so LA. Chipotle for lunch?
I swear, I just want to go up to you & give you a hug. You're the sweetest guy ever...<3
Some afternoon Robbie Basho from my friend Andy is making this day great!
Trying to fall a sleep just ain't working out to well lol
So jealous! Rising Tide and Portland are both amazing. Maine has a surprisingly solid craft beer scene. Enjoy it!
Is grateful to the person that suggested that I just block and ban this person from FB and Twitter, thanks privacy settings!!
That was a TD. Schwartz is going NUTZ!
#Spoiler #Smash this. cunt. i knew she would do that to her. cuntycuntcunt!!! [excuse the language]
Horseplay...horseplay? Do horses rape other horses in their horse showers...
We will miss Omar for what he's done for all of us this year.
Should Kris Boyd translate well to the #MLS and Trencito work out in the end... It could be quite a year for the #Timbers -
Who's Jeff Dunam?
I feel good letting things n people go today what I good day thank you lord
Oh me too!
#Fact -> The cockroach has a high resistance to radiation and is the creature most likely to survive a nuclear war...wtf is in roach spray?!
damn riiiigggghhht! \m/
#MerylStreep Love her. Love her dress. Love her movies. Love her speech. Love it all
toward what? Not that it's any of my business.
yeah sad, theres talk about keeping gordon and trading Minnesota's first round pick instead...
ORTON. JERICHO. Can we hurry up with this please?!
wa can't believe you are meeting them :) you should give harry a gift for me? :'''')
+1 “: I kinda feel like Major Leage Baseball has destroyed the notion of opening day, all for the sake of television.”
What dress will you wear?? Fun night for you
can I ask you a question about when you first started out as a band? I really like you guys and you're unique.
Really enjoyed Tuesday's show on how you pick stocks. Thanks!
Gesh Yearbook shows me more love then Facebook lol it's all good though follow me ;)
I'm not sure about everyone else but I just fucking love being ignored -_-
#footloose. can't wait for it to start!
I only want, what I'll never have.
well when you get marxists, anarchists and left-liberals together in a radical movement, disunity is inevitable ;-)
Happy Halloween!
For all the mothers out there, today is YOUR day. Get 50% off on any of our services . You deserve a break! :)
Let the madness begin
still... That proves nothing except that Seau was motivated to kill himself b/c HE THOUGHT his head was ruined by NFL play. Sad.
RT Aaww my teammate said im really pretty & she said she mean it ! :-). . . .she gay af. .. . . Lol jk
RT : #FF Music Sounds Better With You
So you listen? Thanks :)
RT: : According to U.S. laws, a beer commercial can never show a person actually drinking beer.
NIT selection committee fail. Ridiculous that University of Portland was not added to the line-up with a 21 win season.
Why did I make that late evening dash to the LUSH counter at Macy's? Hope I'm not creating a new addiction...Stick to my own homemade prods
can you be an alcoholic if you only want one lol if that
..I just joining you Reverbnation, it makes me feel like theres maybe some attempted idenity theft going on.I had that problem
im in a cleaning mode this week.
Just saw there's going to be a "Say Yes to the Dress ATL" in the very store I bought my wedding shoes! Go ATL!
Aww.. Tomas, are you going somewhere? Cause we aint, kid! RT : Nice knowing you You will be missed.
I still play 'In My Mind' by as if it just came out. I love her timeless music
**Myspace Under Construction** Meanwhile check out the music
Why the fuck are people putting<<<<< after everything? It's so annoying.
send me your email and I'll forward it
All I ever see on Facebook is "like this if" and "share/ignore this or that" or people being tagged in pictures of shoes.
Just had dinner with 4 female clients... They all ordered salad except me.
I am constantly back and forth over whether I like Lana Del Ray or not.
Healthy Scratch wins 1-0! AWESOME SHUTOUT FOR ! Going to the FINALS!
Susan! Would love to!
I am so sad that the possibility of seeing D. Rose and the Black Mamba have a showdown was blown to smithereens ;|
Say hello to goodbye
Basically last in line to meet Outasight....
