Jr. Gemini (Cedar Point) versus Magic Flyer (Six Flags Magic Mountain) - The old kiddie coasters built by different manufacturers have both been in service for decades. While Magic Flyer is older (1946) and has received many more thematic makeovers, Jr. Gemini is taller and features a more complex layout. Winner: Jr. Gemini. Score: Magic Mountain leads 5-4.
The odds of that happening with the Browns were slim. Yes, Hillis showed flashes late in the season when he gained 99 and 112 yards in back-to-back weeks. And, yes, the Browns left the door open for Hillis' return, although nothing short of a bargain deal was going to make that happen. But you have to take into account everything that went down last season and realize that it was never going to be like a couple of seasons ago.
If you drove around many Baltimore neighborhoods during the recent heat wave, you saw the people out on their porches. It's not because we have no air conditioning. It's because we can't afford to turn it on.
Black shoes, with EVERYTHING. Yes, even sometimes for the evening, the queen wears a sensible, slightly blocky heel and an oval or slightly squared toe. It works when you get your head round it, though some fashion commentators would tell you that black shortens the leg, especially when worn with a knee-length dress or skirt. But then the queen, like so many of us, requires a uniform, and shoes are almost always a punctuation mark, underlining what goes on top. Just buy black Louboutin "Pigalles" (pictured) or some Roger Vivier "Belles Viviers" and be done with it.
In the face of some pretty crazy situations, I found him to be unflappable, even cheerful. And it is a credit partly due to him that inner Northeast Portland is so much cleaner today in every way.
had previously said.
Waubay (7-13) vs. Rosholt (11-8), 6 p.m.
BEND -- A Milwaukie couple who got lost near Hosmer Lake in central Oregon say they waited hours in the rainy cold to call for help, telling rescuers they didn't think crews would respond overnight.
Obsert's letter closed with, "I sincerely look forward to the day when I can return to Arizona and this will all seem like a bad dream. But I can't come back now. I'm sorry. I hope you will understand."
Public Works, the city's largest department, was hit hardest by personnel cuts, losing 10 positions. The cuts included lower-level supervisors and a division manager.
King insisted on performing again at the Newman's loft in 2008 for a fundraiser on behalf of then-presidential candidate Barack Obama and later wrote letters seeking support for Newman as she sought the Democratic nomination in a special legislative election last year.
The incentives are mostly playing-time based, which means Moore would have to unseat incumbent starter Chad Henne, who threw for 3,301 yards and 15 scores while leading the Dolphins to a 7-9 record.
Paez also said the law has created foreign-policy problems, and he was concerned about the impact of 50 states creating 50 immigration policies.
Controversy has followed, with local residents along the route complaining about garbage and urinating on their lawns and city supervisors holding hearings with resulting bans on rolling beer kegs and glass bottles last year. Those rules failed to limit either the unruly behavior or the tons of trash left behind on city streets in May. Race sponsor ING, probably weary of the continuing complaints and controversy, bowed out after last year's race, and no new key sponsor has been found.
Fish heads add body and flavor to stock, but they must be halved and flushed, with the gills removed. Use kitchen scissors to cut around the gills, says Schwertner, but avoid cutting into them or they will make your stock bitter.
Everybodys the same on a playground, she said.
Eleanor Mondale had a bit of a wild streak. She had a relationship with rock musician Warren Zevon and had been a TV actress with bit parts in "Three's Company" and "Dynasty" before becoming an entertainment reporter on radio and TV.
Donna Sauer calls her new customers "the gas guys" and says it with love. She means the men with the southern drawls who crowd her restaurant at lunchtime and order second helpings of her mom's homemade pumpkin pie.
Autumn is here. The leaves are changing colors. Many are gearing up for the fall holiday season! There is so much going on in your community and we want to see photos of it all!
Said his daughter: "I do believe that he was the happiest he'd ever been, and that he was with his true love."
Which simply is this: to make access to fresh, healthy food in Cleveland as easy as, say, ordering a pizza.
“Working in the pediatric emergency department at CHOA is my dream come true,”
Last week, the Dow fell 3 percent, the S&P 500 index dropped 2.6 percent and the Nasdaq composite lost 1.7 percent.
Costas seemed the take this article's premise and run with it, calling Bolt's "showboating" disrespectful to his competitors, the Olympic Games and to the fans. Then Costas passed the baton to Boldon, who took it home by saying Bolt's actions were inappropriate and even adding: "You kids at home, this is not how you behave as an Olympic champion."
At the time of the shooting, Powell was free on bail awaiting trial on charges of attempted murder in the shootings of Delarrian's mother, Sophia Leonard, and another woman in St. Clair County in 2007.
He never anointed himself as the starting quarterback and explained no matter what happens to McCoy, it’s management’s decision.
Bringing the charges against the four men was Jim Letten, the U.S. attorney in New Orleans and a holdover Bush Administration appointee. One of four arrested Monday in the alleged plot was Robert Flanagan, the son of Bill Flanagan, a career prosecutor who is the acting U.S. attorney in Shreveport, La.
Gibbs, who suffered from alcoholism and debilitating illnesses throughout much of a sad and emotionally turbulent life, was once "mentioned in the same breath as E.B. White and James Thurber," Vinciguerra noted.
Dwayne Bowe dropped a would-be touchdown pass midway through the fourth quarter, but things got ugly for the Chiefs way before that.
Plans also call for stainless steel holding tanks for liquid ingredients and flavors, new mixing and filling equipment, more sanitary paneling, floors and equipment, and an automated flash-freeze hardening system to freeze the ice cream for shipping.
— John Monaghan, energy and environment legislative specialist, the Heartland Institute, Chicago
A 22-year-old motorist was killed this morning when his vehicle veered off the Bishop Ford Freeway and slammed into a tree, authorities said.
Over the final 3:56, no team’s lead would be larger than two points and after a driving left-hander by Hummer put Princeton up 61-60 with 37.5 on the clock, Harvard guard Brandyn Curry answered in the lane with 11.1 to go and the Crimson were back on top.
"We don't think of this as a symbolic vote," Ms. Donahoe said in an interview. "We see this as a meaningful effort to encourage the Sri Lankan government to take credible steps…We fear the government of Sri Lanka might fail to take those credible steps."
I repeat: You are alive.
"This conviction should remind public officials that no matter what you call it, a bribe is a bribe," U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman said in a statement.
Jamie McKeither, Meade
That coaching staff said goodbye to Bannan then, but didn't close the door on a return, which was crystallized April 11 when the University of Colorado product returned to his former team, signing a one-year deal.
That's why Vavra met with hitters before the game, to get them to relax and try to simplify things at the plate.
"Persons who are in the business of cultivating, selling or distributing marijuana, and those who knowingly facilitate such activities, are in violation of the Controlled Substances Act, regardless of state law," Cole said. Enforcement of that federal law, he added, "remains a core priority."
Sunday, Armstead will fly to Miami for another meeting with the Dolphins.
Several theories abound, but I called my brother to find out for sure. As an old Saigon hand, 15 years and counting in what is now Ho Chi Minh City, and a restauranteur himself, I figured he would know the answer. Yup, Cleveland's Saigon - the climate-controlled restaurant - is serving it as if it were coming from a steamy street-corner sweet shack 8,000 miles away in tropical Saigon the city. Probably not necessary, and doesn't do much for the taste, either.
A quick check of the tapes reveals the likely candidate is a Week 17 pass from the Dallas Cowboys’ Tony Romo to Miles Austin that landed about as far from Austin as Nunn described. It was late in the fourth quarter of a game in which the Giants sacked Romo six times, and he seemed to rush the throw while falling away from pressure that was in the area but not really in his face. Earlier in the game, Romo threw at Laurent Robinson’s feet as he braced for contact from Pierre-Paul that was still a few yards away.
* Rhodes proved he can topple giants by defeating The Great Khali. Honestly, I tend to space out when Khali is wrestling, but the match seemed alright, and it's nice to see Rhodes score a clean win here. I hope his title streak doesn't end at WrestleMania.
Well, that's according to my (ahem) thorough research.
"It's not like there's a legal age limit for being on the Internet," Flores said.
Of the rest of the picks, the one with the best chance to shine is third- rounder Jayron Hosley. The ex-Virginia Tech cornerback dropped because he failed a drug test at the NFL Scouting Combine. If his off-field problems are in the past, he could be a steal. When you have a championship roster, though, you are afforded the luxury of taking a risk or two.
Utilizing one of the center's apartments, Spiak plans to draw a range of artists from all over the world to undertake projects that engage with the fabric of the city.
Similarly, when the Blazers traded for Felton in June, they called him the long-term solution at point guard. Felton nearly signed with the Blazers during the 2010 offseason and Felton's agent, Tony Dutt, told The Oregonian he thinks McMillan and the Blazers are a perfect fit for the 27 year-old. The Blazers cannot start negotiations with Felton until July 1, 2012, however.
Prince, by the way, is hard at work on his 60th show. I think it’s his 60th. Even he isn’t sure anymore.
Answer: The Steinway Duo-Art Model L piano was introduced in 1915; production continued until about 1929.
Overall, there should be 400 to 450 carries for the taking, maybe even more with Pryor's quarterback runs no longer part of the script. One back hit 200 carries in six of the last seven seasons, but that's unlikely this year. In part, that's because when Herron returns for the Nebraska game, he'll fill some role, maybe even as the No. 1 back.
Two of the five issues reported in 2009 were also reported in a 2005 state audit.
"We help bridge the past and the present," she said. "We provide cross-cultural assistance to make living here easier for everyone involved."
The letter continued: "Rose Quarter projects, which are large and discontinuous with the North/Northeast community, will pull resources away from more community-based projects. For the first ten years of the (urban renewal program), the majority of the funding went to two large projects, the Interstate Light Rail project and the New Columbia project.
“Why don’t you sign your name like he does and not criticize anonymously.’’
James Kornhardt shook his head and whispered to his attorney.
Use a wire whisk to combine the wine and egg yolks, then pass through a fine mesh strainer into the heatproof bowl. Whisk in the 2 tablespoons sugar.
Part of the remaining 40 percent comes with the value of the Willamette Shore Line right-of-way, the existing rail line where the streetcar would likely run, currently valued at nearly $100 million.
Loving partners, selfless parents, natty dressers and world-class swimmers, they may be the most admired stars on any movie screen this summer. And nobody knows their names.
It is not clear how widely Williams’ e-mail was distributed. He referred to a meeting of the chamber’s executive committee the previous week at which the cheating scandal “was discussed at length.”
"A lot of these people are poor or homeless, or their families can't afford to bury them,'' Burnett said.
potential re-uses, Coleman said, though the county thinks the site has potential for an alternative energy research park. It will also examine ways to match the skills of laid-off workers with needs in growing industries, and how to use the site to boost local entrepreneurship and trade in exports.
"Community events should include a marketplace of ideas where residents can decide what they wish to explore and what they choose to ignore," Link said in the statement.
The seminar is a pilot program started as part of the Fillmore Economic Development Action Plan and is funded by the San Francisco Office of Economic and Workforce Development and Wells Fargo. So far, it's a one-time deal, but organizers are hopeful that if the program is successful there may be funding for a second course in the future.
The reason for the surge in bonuses was simple: Wall Street firms had a great year.
By 1952, he had found a guitar manufacturer, Gibson, to make and sell his contraption.
Q. Last week, the CHP was running a small checkpoint on Bloomfield Street in Los Alamitos. There was one officer – strange, being nowhere near a freeway or unincorporated area. One car was set up on what looked like a car lift with a mechanic checking underneath; there was a tent nearby. I was waved through, so I didn't ask what was going on. But I was curious. Any leads on what they were searching for?
Myanmar operators proved less than competent so deforestation has slowed, but Eames expects it to accelerate again as Malaysians, Indonesians and Thais, experts at plantation management, move in.
This week the University of Texas student newspaper let go of its editorial cartoonist after an uproar over a cartoon about the Trayvon Martin shooting -- or, rather, about news coverage of the event and its aftermath.
Gin has a point of view. And that's totally the point of it.
And in Longview, workers were sent home out of concerns for their "health and safety."
"It’s unsurprising that some individuals accustomed to being paid exorbitant salaries will seek greener pastures," Drewniak said. "Clearly, there is an existing talent pool of qualified, eager education professionals ready and willing to fill the void."
Oregon, she says, "is smartly focused in the right place on the high cost drivers and some real innovations."
Nyarko, 26, was the seventh pick in the 2008 MLS SuperDraft. Before the draft, there was sentiment for Nyarko as the first overall pick.
Fine print: Such regulations increased the cost of health insurance policies sold in Oregon by about 1 to 4 percent, according to the Oregon Insurance Division. Premium inflation has been running around 12 to 16 percent in recent years, mainly due to rising costs of hospitals, medical care and prescription drugs.
He also owned Cleveland Trinidad Paving, a leading builder of parking lots, runways and more. He was a director and committee chairman of the National Association of Home Builders and led its Cleveland chapter. He co-founded Euclid Savings Association, later absorbed by Bank One Cleveland.
More than 20 local chefs show off their offbeat tacos at the 19th Annual SOS Wild & Crazy Taco Night Thursday. Most often, tacos are a familiar mix of meat, sauce and veggies - straightforward trios of complementary flavors clothed in warm tortillas. But this charity fundraiser seems to bring out a chef's adventurous side. Culinary joviality reigns. Chefs grin and guests gobble.
Did you see Shawn Vanzant, the kid from Tampa, Fla. - the guy who finished with only one lousy point - make the biggest play of this tight-fisted game?
He lunched a few times a year with a group of fellow Vietnam veterans, toasting in that country's language and drinking its beer. "These guys remind me of the guys who had your back in Vietnam," Kilbane told The Plain Dealer last year.
Another nonprofit program, called World Education Services, evaluates immigrants' foreign credentials.
1390 Willow Brook Cove Ct, $157,000
The Bulls outscored the Knicks 25-5 on second-chance points and cut down on the turnovers, finishing with 12 after committing 20 in the previous game. They also moved three games ahead of Miami for the Eastern Conference lead, with the Heat visiting on Thursday.
"Talked my way on, I guess. I joined the paper as a copy boy in 1937. Made $9 a week, and worked the shift from 6 p.m. to 2 a.m.," he said. "I went to high school during the day, and got to like photography so much I hung out with the guys on assignments whenever I could."
Some investors fear, Ruth said, that the stock market rally went "too far, too fast, too soon."
"The Hunger Games" is playing on more than 10,000 screens, Fithian said, with another couple of thousand to be added.
It's all about balance, and Ireland is a good place to find it. Here are a few of the reasons it's a great place to whet your child's appetite for travel.
A jury found her guilty in March of lying to the FBI about unethical conversations she had with then-Auditor Frank Russo, then-County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora and construction executive Steven Pumper.
If you look at the big companies that have been in Cleveland over the years, we've been fortunate to represent many of them.
DK: No how these issues are seeded. How your staff compiles them. How they study them. I mean there are emails that we have been denied about budget analysis, about how…
Johnson stocks about half his lot with used models, which served him well as the slump began to worry buyers. More and more customers consider wheels that already have a couple of years on them, Johnson says, including travel trailers for as little as a few thousand dollars.
Under Oregon law, legislative vacancies are filled by a two-step process. Precinct officials from the same political party as the departed legislator nominate between three and five names. Commissioners from the affected county -- or counties -- then appoint one of those nominees to the seat.
Associated Press writer Alicia A. Caldwell in Washington contributed to this report.
But then on Monday, Moss' 35th birthday, he announced via webchat that he wanted to play again.
"A what?"
It's been 15 years since an accident has had as significant an impact on the system, LIRR officials have said. The biggest complication - a jackknifed train car blocking three tracks at Jamaica - finally was cleared by a crane during the pre-dawn hours yesterday.
"Well, when I asked him how he picked his team he said to me: 'I'm a fourth-grade dropout. Who should I root for? The Yales? The Harvards?'"
“I’m in my second semester now and looking forward to a future as a physical therapist,” she said.
A second, rounded patio under a canopy of trees behind the master bedroom houses a circle of comfy chairs around a fire pit - the perfect secluded spot for summer gatherings.
The Spartans actually have a decent defense (by MEAC standards), but not even that can bottle up Kim English, Phil Pressey and crew. Hopefully it can stop Frank Haith's Tony Montana look though. Missouri (and Frank Haith's chest hair), 82-65.
Del Beccaro: Try not to put words in my mouth as we go forward.
Lunches and late nights are busy with deliveries (nearby Monmouth University has many fans), and other times, it's a mixture of local families, singles and groups enjoying excellent R&B/Motown music and good food. The atmosphere is still a work in progress, and it's very bright, but dimmers are coming.
The Boy
More McKines: On being the central figure in Indiana’s game plan: “I’m a middle child. I enjoy the attention. It just gives my teammates a chance to get involved early if they want to put that much attention on me."
Backing the Wall Street bailout in 2008 tripped up conservatives in House and Senate races in 2010. This year's fault line is the vote for the budget deal that raised the nation's borrowing authority.
The self-titled follow-up expanded the group's homespun approach to visionary proportions, embracing the South and its lore as a metaphor for universal longing.
Construction Employers Association, "Banking & Bonding": Noon to 2:30 p.m. at the U.S. Bank Building, 2511 Clark Ave., Cleveland. $10. Register by noon April 25. Call 216-398-9860, ext. 202.
"This isn't AmyWorld," she said, urging the jury to find Senser guilty on all counts. "This is the real world."
The investors said Dixon told them that the government plans to seek a restitution order against Cook that would be binding on him for 20 years after his release from prison. But the investors -- mostly retirees of modest means -- noted that will come far to late for many of them.
Given the shifting regulatory landscape, it's no surprise that banks are sticking new fees and conditions on checking accounts. Last year, 65 percent of bank checking accounts were free with no strings attached, down from 76 percent the previous year, according to Bankrate. The pullback in free checking reversed a trend of broadening availability that started in 2003.
The main mine serving the plant is surrounded by berms, with vegetation to improve aesthetics, Leonard said. Most of the plant's equipment is enclosed and the conveyor, storage and filtration systems are designed to reduce dust. The plant monitors air quality and the company will monitor groundwater at its three mine sites in Wisconsin, she added.
Prosecutor Chuck Sparks said his office chose to present the case to grand jury because Quimiro was aware that she'd left the scene of a crash.
The aftershocks of this pyrrhic firefight spell trouble, even for more moderate Republicans competing for statewide office in Novembers general election. If national Republicans write off Michigans electoral votes in November, as many observers believe they already have, there is likely to be less GOP money and energy for the Republican U.S. Senate nominee or for candidates in other races down the ticket.
A field trip to the Los Angeles Times when he was in junior high showed him a career, after he saw the work of Pulitzer Prize-winning editorial cartoonist Paul Conrad, Kathleen Babin said.
Meanwhile, creeping into the conversation is a slight victim mentality, a new kind of learned helplessness after years of trying to solve the same problem. There's a nagging sense that bad things are happening to us and we can't fix them (or if we do fix them, they'll just fall apart again next spring).
Joe adored his sons and lived to see them succeed. Therefore, please consider making a memorial donation towards the college educations of Thomas’ and Joseph.
He said the city also was minimizing the team's tax contributions over its years at the Metrodome. Bagley said the city, in calculating the money it would be owed, relied on a consultant's study that also showed the Metrodome had generated $340 million in taxes since opening. More than half of the taxes -- roughly $186 million -- had come from Vikings-related events. "We'll leave it up to the governor and the state Legislature to sort this out," he added.
"They have made that offer to Sens. Lautenberg and Menendez, who through the Constitution of New Jersey are not empowered to make that decision," Christie said.
Even with Girl Scout cookie sales and membership on the upswing during the 100th-year celebration, the deal could raise needed funds with tens of millions of bars expected to be sold. But the move is raising eyebrows of nutritionists.
The Campaign for Primary Accountability backed Halvorson in that race, but spent much less -- about $90,000 -- according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Maybe they watched "Soylent Green" a few too many times as kids.
The wait only made it more difficult for Baas to get acclimated, so Boothe tried to help with the transition.
"It was surreal. It was an amazing feeling. I don't have anything to talk about," Cook said.
As lawmakers continued to feud and the federal government lurched towards shutting down last night, New Jersey’s Congressional delegation members largely held to party lines, with each party casting blame on the other for the impasse in budget negotiations.
Five seconds later, he pulls out the sample — now frozen — and carries it a few steps to a waist-high machine that shaves dozens of pieces from it, each about 1/1,000 the thickness of a nickel.
The 754-seat theater will replace the 500-seat Haertter Hall. The athletic facility will seat 1,200 people.
4809 KAREN DR $172,900
What was different and really unprecedented in the moments after Cutler left the field against the Packers was the flurry of unsolicited criticism he received from his peers. By the time Brian Urlacher appeared in a televised postgame press conference, the star linebacker was asked more about player reaction on Twitter than being tackled by the opposing quarterback during an interception return.
A small team visit to Essex County College is scheduled later this week, Pokrass said.
Quirk introduced a measure in May to revoke the Thistle Landing PUD, a proposal by Dimitri's Properties LLC calling for 10 single-family townhouses on less than two acres behind Dimitri's International Grille restaurant.
Spink quickly notified his platoon leader, rousted fellow soldiers and, in the darkness, opened fire on North Vietnamese troops. Aerial gun support helped to push back attackers.
In FRANKFURT, Salzgitter fell 1.6% after the steelmaker reported a 2010 profit that fell short of market expectations.
The excesses of California and Colorado drove the New Jersey Legislature to pass the most restrictive law in the nation in January. Among the 14 states that have legalized medical marijuana, New Jersey is the only one that prohibits patients from growing their own pot. The state will license only six nonprofit dispensaries initially, allowing them to sell no more than two ounces a month per patient.
Coffee with orange and dark chocolate liqueurs ($7) will stand in nicely for dessert when there’s no room for anything else.
Paterno, the all-time winngingest coach in Division 1 college football, died at age 85 today after a battle with lung cancer.
A memorial fund has been set up for the victims. For information, visit www.salonmeritagefund.org/
After losing four schools over the past two years, the league heads into this fall with 10 members, including new additions TCU and West Virginia. The conference also is working on a new television deal that could reshape revenue similar to the Pac-12's lucrative contract.
Some influence 64%
Although the plaintiffs weren't able to prove that anyone but MediaSentry downloaded songs off her computer because Kazaa kept no such records, Reynolds told the jury it's only logical that many users had downloaded songs offered through her computer because that's what Kazaa was there for.
The boys, he said, heeded O'Brien's warning.
"In terms of lost air service, I'm not sure we can attribute much if any of it to the merger," he said. "The numbers have been declining since 2004 overall at Minneapolis-St. Paul. That certainly accelerated with Northwest's bankruptcy filing, and after they emerged from bankruptcy there was the recession."
Facebook also provided detail showing just how much the selling shareholders would haul in from the IPO. Founder Mark Zuckerberg is planning to sell 71.1 million shares, or nearly 7% of his holdings, Gaskins says. The stock being sold would be worth $2.2 billion based on the midpoint of the proposed range.
Andy McDonald flew around the rink like a gnat. Chris Stewart surprised the Flames with his speed and hands. Newcomers Jamie Langenbrunner and Jason Arnott made veteran, heads-up plays. And young defenseman Alex Pietrangelo and Kevin Shattenkirk contributed on the scoreboard.
Summitt told reporters Thursday that she "didn't see it coming. It's a tremendous honor that I appreciate very much."
It was cold turkey -- and many fans continue to feel withdrawal.
Salty sprays are standard in road deicing. The Ohio Department of Transportation makes its own salt water to melt treacherous, almost invisible "black ice," and the trucks that spread rock salt have sprayers to speed up snow and ice melt and limit the bounce of salt off the road surface.
Police tracked him via the GPS unit and he was charged with three counts of armed robbery and kidnapping, assistant Cook County State's Attorney Wendy Caceres said.
In Oregon, Erath figured out what would grow by looking at other hilly, wet climates.
With its excesses and its sometimes odd obsessions, reality TV makes an easy target for people mourning the country's loss of civility, meaning and purpose.
I borrow the "open window" metaphor from the important book on this subject, "Not 'Just Friends': Rebuilding Trust and Recovering Your Sanity After Infidelity," by Shirley P. Glass and Jean Coppock Staeheli (2004, Free Press). The authors' research on infidelity shows that for many people, emotional infidelity is actually far worse than a sexual affair.
But most smaller and mid-size counties don't even have so-called ranches where more violent offenders are supervised and treated; minors who otherwise would go to the three remaining state facilities would be crammed into juvenile halls, which were designed merely to hold youngsters awaiting hearings. Probation departments are just now turning a very important corner, recognizing the benefits and seeing the good results of a treatment-oriented model for lower and mid-level offenders. The state shouldn't undermine the departments' progress by forcing them to also absorb the worst cases — at least not right away.
I asked her if hitting the road for the first time in five years made her nervous. Houston laughed for the first and last time during our conversation.
Note: This is a little trickier than cooking fillets. The time will depend on the size of the fish. You may want to cook the fish with its head on, then remove it before serving, but remember to pull out the sweet cheek meat to give to one lucky diner.
Augusta National, moreover, isn’t only a private club. It’s the force behind a major public televised event that draws viewers from all over the world and advertisers from the highest echelons of commerce. The club may be legally within its rights to exclude an entire category of people from membership, but that’s an infantile policy and should be condemned, not honored as some sort of blow for freedom of assembly.
One teacher, Judith Caizero Aguilar, thought about naming her third child after the little American girl. But she decided it would be a mistake, she said, because "there was only one Adrianna."
The man who wrote so openly of love and heartache could not bear to see his country in the hands of a military dictator and died days after Pinochet came to power. After his death, some Chileans said Neruda was spared the agony of seeing thousands of his countrymen killed during Pinochet's regime, which lasted until 1989.
The politically sensitive deficit with China rose 4.4 percent to $17.5 billion in May, but is running 12.6 percent below the record pace of last year. America's deficit with Canada, its largest trading partner, dropped to $628 million, the smallest monthly imbalance in 15 years. The deficit with Japan shrank to $1.9 billion, the lowest deficit with that country in more than two decades.
More Details: MORE CLASSICAL
This can be verified by elementary through college grades, research records, associates, friends, family, teachers and advisors.
Free Press Travel Editor Ellen Creager contributed to this report.
Since Nichols, 80, went on to become one of Broadway and Hollywood’s most celebrated directors, it’s telling that his most vivid memories of those two classic plays involve the direction — in both instances by the great Elia Kazan, who also directed the Oscar-winning “On the Waterfront.”
A few weeks ago, soul-weary and anxious for escape, a couple of friends and I trekked to the Outer Richmond for an escape of another kind. Without means to leave town for the day, we did the next best thing -- escape through cuisine.
But, we must ask, at what cost to dog dignity? After all, does any bulldog want to wear a ring of pink tulle?
Ponderosa def. Rock Canyon 25-13, 24-26, 27-25, 25-18
Monday at noon officially kicks off the third annual Top Ten Beaches Survey at njtoptenbeaches.org asking tourists and natives to vote for their favorite beach by family destination, shore event, eco-tourism and day trip. Votes may be cast until midnight on April 30.
It is unclear when the full contingent of observers will deploy in Syria.
Obama echoed the arguments of Pentagon and CIA officials, who often make the point in private discussions that the drones can perform targeted strikes and thereby substantially reduce the potential for civilian casualties associated with high-altitude bombing.
And for astronomers trying to make sense of the images they are collecting of the universe, "figuring out where to allocate the resources of their telescopes is a very interesting problem," he said.
This week, in Indianapolis, he will observe, but there’s not much he can learn other than fellow CEO Allison Melangston’s advice: “Don’t let a distraction become a distraction.” Super Bowl XLVIII will be different. Here, events are mostly within a half-dozen city blocks. Two years from now, they’ll be scattered across two states.
 Frieder Seible, 62, a structural engineer and NAE member, is author of more than 500 technical reports. Dean of the UC San Diego Jacobs School of Engineering, he has served since 1997.
Come to think of it, the offer of sandwiches was a prime motivation in my attendance at the luncheon. Must be true what they say about the way to a man's heart.
While spending extra time with my wife and kids during a recent vacation, a thought kept popping into my head.
Natural gas is an extraordinary resource in this country. In just a few years, based on new technology (fracking), we're at a point where we can think about natural gas for power generation and for transportation. That huge because it can be 40 percent less carbon intense. I'm an environmentalist. I want to see it developed, and I want to see it developed well. That means everything from recognizing (lower) mercury, smog and soot emissions (compared to coal and diesel burning) to making sure (extraction) is done in a way that maintains our groundwater quality and surface water quality.
"That gives me the drive to let people know that my coaches are some of the best around," Lowman said. "Through me, I feel like I can help people see that coach Lum and coach (Bret) Friend are good coaches; they just don't get recognized the way they should."
Founded in 1922 as a state-run company, YPF quickly become one of Argentina's largest, and most iconic firms with gas stations sporting its logo and the national colors dotting the country.
After a month of watching Boesch struggle to a .205 average and 13 RBIs, Leyland ended the experiment in an attempt to jump-start a loaded offense that is on pace to score only 690 runs. Last year, the Tigers scored 787 runs.
If you want a longer hike, take the pedestrian bridge across Arizona 95 and follow the Buckskin Trail Loop into a landscape of wonderfully craggy rocks adorned by creosote, prickly pear, paloverde, brittle bush, cholla and an occasional saguaro.
Oregon State Provost Sabah Randhawa said Arp will position the college as a “transformative agriculture and natural resources enterprise.”
Beachwood, Pepper Pike, Mayfield Heights, Shaker Square and currently in Bainbridge Township.
“The boxes we’re all being put into are shrinking, particularly in movies. You go into a studio now to pitch something and they look at you and say, ‘I don’t know, it sounds kind of weird.’ Although (if) you go to cable and they say, ‘Hey this sounds sort of weird!’ — they actually want that.”
Surely, our city and county leaders are not so turf-minded that they can't find a way to cooperate on this one little area that could hurt workers making low wages and who could be forced to pay two different licensing fees just for the right to hold a barely-above-minimum-wage job.
Old: Lemon juicer
"She was one of the top students going into the graduate program. But as good of a student she was, she was a better person," he said. "The scholarship will be given to a student who combines these sorts of leadership skills. We think that’s the best way to honor Pam."
He said the city still has some of the original jail cells from an 1850 ship that was anchored in the river at Old Sacramento and used as the first Sacramento jail. When the ship sank, the county recovered some of the cells and used them on land until 1911, when a newer jail was built and the cells were sold to outlying areas.
" ‘There's definitely a thought of it now,'' Cubs manager Dale Sveum said. "I can't lie to you.''
Then the economy started to crack. For many coupon-clippers, what was once a hobby became a necessity.
Rep. Harry Geisinger, R-Roswell, is pushing to legalize gambling on the sport in Georgia, saying it would bring in new revenue for popular programs — such as the state’s HOPE college scholarship program, pre-k classes and trauma care — without raising taxes.
Rep. Darrell Issa, Republican of California, joined a growing chorus of conservatives in predicting that Obama will be defeated in 2012. A day earlier, former Vice President Dick Cheney told the same audience that Obama will be a one-term president.
The NFL could possibly take draft picks away from teams whose players commit multiple flagrant hits resulting in fines. Really? Draft picks? Please, do not make me agree with James Harrison...
Sometimes, a stressful day at the office - or away from the office, even - calls for a stiff drink. And for those days, there's Me'Shon's Bar & Grill, located just a few blocks off busy Washington Avenue.
Missouri lawmakers should deal with the controversy during the legislative session now underway, because they - not the courts - created it.
GM still owes $45.3 billion to the United States and $8.1 billion to Canada, money it received in exchange for large stakes in the company. The U.S. government now owns 61 percent of the company and Canada owns roughly 12 percent. GM plans to repay both with a public stock offering, perhaps later this year.
No other league has a polarizing genius like Bill Belichick, who, disguised in his hoodie, is either Albert Einstein with a playsheet or Soviet ambassador Alexei de Sadesky in "Dr. Strangelove" with his shoe camera clicking away.
That gives transients who have been cited a good reason to stay out of the public eye, which helps improve the atmosphere of the city, Rouches said.
Detroit Lions draft pick Riley Reiff arrived at team headquarters this morning in Allen Park and received a brief, warm greeting from a handful of fans and team president Tom Lewand.
WASHINGTON - Obama travels Wednesday to two Midwestern states, Ohio and Michigan, to highlight his economic policies and place them in pointed contrast to the sharp budget-cutting proposals of House Republicans - and, by extension, his likely opponent in November, Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney.
The tavern offers 10 beers on tap, two reds, one pink and a white wine, and a menu of burgers, hot dogs and potato salad. When women weren't allowed in here, "a trough ran by the bar and out into the street for men to relieve themselves," Loper says, pointing to a place below my feet.
"Originally, I ordered a standard toilet and Mr. Rybak thought it needed to be an elongated bowl," said Sean Greller, former training director of Plumbers Local 55.
"When we would come into camp, our tents and everything would be set up," Perry said.
Let's be honest: In the end, these town meetings will change nothing. The IHSAA brain trust believes in the multiclass system. The principals, by and large, believe in the multiclass system.
Buys and develops land, builds apartments and manages apartment communities. Notable: The mid-80s oil bust in Houston left the fledgling company with a condo complex with not a single buyer. Its founders turned it into rentals instead, cementing a future in the apartment business.
The company's spinal revenue fell 1 percent to $875 million. However, sales of diabetes treatments, surgical technology, and neuromodulation devices, which to treat pain and other conditions by stimulating the nervous system, all improved.
As a candidate, Obama excelled at using his personal narrative to underscore his message, said Kathleen Hall Jamieson, a professor of political communication at the University of Pennsylvania. As president, he has been less successful at keeping that narrative going, she said.
Through September, the overall U.S. trade deficit is running significantly higher than the pace set in 2009 when a deep recession had cut sharply into demand by U.S. consumers and businesses for foreign products.
Jackson will be available to advise people who wish to establish their own bluebird watching trails or help maintain existing trails.
A 2004 graduate of Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine died this week in Iraq.
The violence, though fractured across religious lines, often has more to do with local politics and economics.
Take advantage of what a restaurant can do better than you. Unless you're proficient at Chinese cookery, or prepare classic French cuisine better than Julia Child could, you may want to reserve your full-tilt calorie splurges for when you're dining out. Carefully watch what you eat at other meals.
Tebowmania became an undeniable force in 2011.
Police said the driver of the 1998 Saturn, Alexandria Giantonnio, 18, was headed west on Altair Drive and entered the intersection at Pitman-Downer Road to make a left turn. At that moment, a 2006 Ford F-150 pick-up, driven by Joann Finnegan, 48, was headed south on Pitman-Downer Road. The two cars collided at the intersection, sending them both off the roadway, police said.
Best Buy's loss amounted to $4.89 per share for the period ended March 3, compared with a profit of $651 million, or $1.62 per share, a year ago. Results included $2.6 billion in charges mostly related to its purchase of Carphone Warehouse Group PLC's interest in the Best Buy Mobile profit-sharing agreement and related costs, as well as an impairment charge tied to writing off Best Buy Europe goodwill and restructuring charges.
The battalion served in another volatile swath of northern Helmand province last year, in Musa Qalah, Now Zad and Kajaki.
Jersey City Free Public Library Board Meeting, Oct. 9, Five Corners Branch, 678 Newark Ave., 5:30 p.m.
On Tuesday, Mentor said it will review Icahn's bid "and make a recommendation to shareholders in due course."
She did stay focused and fought for her marriage. Thankfully, her husband decided to do the same. By August, when I wrote about Denise again, things had really turned a corner. Her husband, who had taken steps to end the affair and prove to her it was over and that he had changed, had been (and still is) consistent about counseling for himself and them.
The accident was caused when Kasey Kahne ran into Regan Smith after passing him, and it continued the horrendous start to the season Kahne is having with Hendrick Motorsports. He finished 37th, and through four races Kahne is 32nd in points.
"We'll always keep Bibou as our baby and my little garden of ideas," he promises. "But we'll at least be able to finally unpack our suitcase."
Favorite hotel, domestic: Waimea Plantation Cottages, Kauai. It's hard for any other hotel to win this category when my year includes a stop in Kauai. The restored plantation houses set amid a grove of palm trees next to a black sand beach are easily my favorite spot to stay in Hawaii, probably the whole United States. Part of the allure for me – and a drawback for some – is the location on the far, nontouristy west end of the Garden Island.
"I had some really good moments and some not so good moments," said Hasson, a coach of a Lake Oswego club team, "which I think is a product of not playing consistently every day and every week before the tryouts. It's kind of shaking the rust off a little bit."
Asking today for the minimum sentence for his client, defense attorney Jim Sheehan asked the judge to consider that Smith's age was 17 at the time of the attack, adding that his client was one of "many, many individuals" involved in the incident.
Cutting the budget and closing down state facilities, which Quinn proposed, "Only buys us time. . . .We need to restructure the pension itself," he said.
"Lifebanc considers all organ, eye and tissue donors heroes in their efforts to save the lives of the more than 113,000 women, children and men who are currently waiting for life-saving organ transplants nationwide," the statement said. "One organ donor can save up to eight lives and enhance the lives of 50 other people through tissue donation," he said.
FitzGerald plans to hire a consultant to help determine which employees are protected by civil service rules. The rules make it difficult to terminate specific employees, unless wrongdoing is documented, FitzGerald said.
Common Cause Maryland, which had called for censure as the minimum punishment for Currie, said it was "gratified" by the panel's conclusion.
"Laws like SB1070 encourage racial profiling, but they also make our communities like police states. We should not be forcing people to carry papers as they go about their daily lives," said Wendy Tarr, director of Clergy and Laity United for Economic Justice of Orange County.
Kaptur approached the Cuyahoga County Democratic Party's Jan. 21 endorsement meeting with deference. She knew Kucinich's hometown loyalists would back him overwhelmingly, so she invited party activists to join her for coffee before the vote to assure them there would be no hard feelings. Her campaign manager called it an opportunity to make friends.
A year ago, DiIonno had a good gig as executive chef at a popular restaurant specializing in rustic Italian cuisine in Basking Ridge.
"It seemed like a good idea, and it was easy enough to do without a lot of prep," Shatner says of his reaction when approached about doing the show.
Beckmen is tucked away, down and up a narrow, one-lane rolling path. Our lunch was tastefully arranged on a linen-decked picnic table in a gazebo overlooking a small pond. Grilled chicken salad tossed tableside, sliced raclette-savoy cheese ($22 a pound), ciabatta bread, gourmet locally pressed olive oil, large blackberries and sliced apples, chocolate dipped almond horseshoes for dessert and San Pellegrino. The only thing missing was the wine, which was intentional - that was the next course.
You'll be able to soon at the Francis Ford Coppola Winery in Geyserville.
McDonald said he expressed his concerns at the company's failure to keep up with the times. But the Miami-based chain had gone through a series of owners over the years, and McDonald said he got little response from corporate about addressing the problems.
Santiago 2b
★★★ Excellent
For players who spent their childhood in Oregon, the Civil War means a little something extra. But for Sim, who will play his final Civil War game at home at 3:30 p.m. today when the Ducks (15-5, 6-2 Pacific-12) play host to Oregon State (13-7, 3-5) at Matthew Knight Arena, the rivalry provides extra motivation, too.
Arion Sb: Portland Ashgrove2
Lawyer Anthony O'Toole told a hearing that relatives of Gareth Williams, who was discovered inside the bag in the bathtub of his central London home in August 2010, do not accept a claim by British authorities that his death was unconnected to his work.
God made man first, but not final. "She shall be called woman for she was taken out of the man." (Genesis 2:23)
This President is usually a masterful campaigner. His rare misstep managed to take an unequivocal triumph of the administration and turn it into a political disaster.
Under the GOP changes supported by Williams, the 25th District would take on a portion of Lake County and have a black voting age population of about 38 percent. It would include the district of Minority Leader Budish and could set up a 2014 primary between Budish and Sen. Nina Turner, who currently holds the senate seat.
Politically, there was no way Fresh Kills would be accepted by elected officials on the island.
Fill in your menu with glammed-up goodies straight from the grocery store. Show them off in pretty dishes, and they'll magically taste better. Phyllo-encased shrimp wraps from Trader Joe's are one of our favorite instant appetizers. For cute presentation, tuck a few wraps into a little egg cup and place on a vintage saucer.
The two officers were treated for "minor bumps and bruises," at Jersey City Medical Center and released, Coleman said.
Original members of The Band were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994.
øWhen first reacting to a stressful situation, you don't want to "lie to yourself and say, 'I'm cool. I'm calm. It's fine.' It's time to say - at first, anyway - I'm scared as hell," he says.
The largest tax billed for a single plane is $619,148, including $80,000 for interest and penalties, but that bill is in dispute.
Other nominated documentary film subjects expected to attend the Oscars include Bill Courtney, the white coach of an all-black, inner-city high-school football team featured in "Undefeated," and Sgt. Nathan Harris, a Marine injured in Afghanistan whose emotional struggle to transition back to life in North Carolina is depicted in "Hell and Back Again."
Zimmerman was taken into custody and charged with second-degree murder on April 11. He was released on $150,000 bond last month and is currently living at an undisclosed location, possibly outside of the state.
It was the emotion etched on the face of his childhood friend that prompted Ron Carlson to sign on with Donegal this time around. He attended Warren Harding Junior High School in Des Moines with Ray Smith and the two have remained friends, embarking on career paths that involve handling other peoples money. Carlson is a CPA; Smith a professional gambler.
Vail was part of the Oklahoma State team that won the 2009 NCAA cross country title. Last month he qualified for the 2012 U.S. Olympic Marathon trials with a sixth-place finish in the USA Half Marathon Championships in Houston.
-�Gilbert issued a certificate of occupancy.
The unit's 14 detectives and four sergeants serve search and arrest warrants and perform surveillance and probation and parole searches on people who have been identified as gang members by law enforcement.
A decision in the high-profile immigration case is expected in late June as both camps will be gearing up for the general election.
The star, who died in 2009, had a long history with Pepsi. He first starred in an ad campaign for the company with his brothers in 1983. The next year, while on set filming a Pepsi commercial, a pyrotechnics accident severely burned the singer.
She's been there about five weeks and has yet to be paid.
Rookie Kenneth Faried deserves the chance to mature by playing the majority of time at power forward against Gasol, and Karl's natural inclination is to go small to find energy. So maybe it's time to shorten his rotation at center, even if it means Mozgov collects dust on the seat next to Chris Andersen, the team's brightly painted bench mural.
--Age: 37
At 9 a.m., the SONIC's first official customer -- Christian Mariano, 28, of Linden Way in Bayonne -- rolled into one of the stalls and ordered a bacon cheeseburger and a Jalapeno cheeseburger for himself and his wife, Tiffany, 23, and tater tots for their kids.
The investigation: Drenth was not responding to a crime at the time of his death, police said. He was parked at a lot near Jackson Street and 18th Avenue. The highly-decorated South Mountain Precinct supervisor left behind a wife. His death is considered a line-of-duty fatality, and he was given a full-honors funeral as a fallen law-enforcement officer.
"This filly gave us that 'wow' factor," trainer Larry Jones said. "You need that wow when you're coming in here because you're dealing with tough horses."
The brainchild of Peruvian businessman Enrique Umbert, the lodge-to-lodge concept took four years and $4.2 million to bring to reality. Although the Salkantay back-door route to Machu Picchu is more than 500 years old, it has been overshadowed by the more popular Inca Trail. Umbert saw an opportunity to put together a first-class trek, with hot tubs and gourmet food, and at the same time give back to rural areas.
And if you got it, you could go to the moon.
Rawlings-Blake's administration severed its five-year contract with Baltimore Racing Development two weeks ago and has been scrambling to find a new group to take over the race. A new group would have to win the support of IndyCar executives and have the management skills and deep pockets to organize an event less than eight months away.
2432 MACPHERSON DR $286,000
Glad they did: They removed a back staircase for more space in the renovated kitchen.
Cedar Point's parent company, Sandusky-based Cedar Fair Entertainment Co., hopes so as it grapples with $1.6 billion in debt that it now must find a way to manage on its own.
"We want to believe that it's safe here," Endo said, "because we cannot see the radioactive contamination."
Carrying possibly 2 million riders a year, light rail could complement planned rapid transit bus service along four regional corridors, including Woodward, and an improved basic bus system.
She wasn't one of Petersen's customers. In fact Bray, who is 69, had never met the man. But she'd read about him in a story published in The Oregonian telling how people were coping with a dismal economy. Bray said she's not rich but was impressed that he was trying to "do the best he could with what he had" and she wanted to help.
7 p.m. MLS: New York at Los Angeles, ESPN
One of the association's first projects in Lorain will be to organize its annual conference, which will bring a few hundred venture capitalists and development officials to Cleveland next October. But Jim Jaffee, president and CEO of the association, has bigger plans.
Neiheiser also admitted providing the CMHA executive with golf outings in Florida, tickets to sporting events and other favors that included air conditioning in the executive's house. The purpose was to secure business with the public housing authority.
Except, he said, "this is a lot safer."
"We're going to have an attempt at a recall," he said. "There's a big difference between having the signatures for a recall and having a recall. To create enough energy for a recall movement out of people who are fundamentally concerned with Sam's attempt to hide a relationship with an 18-year old will be hard to do."
A spokesman for BP Alaska did not immediately return phone calls Tuesday.
Johnson, a self-employed professional appraiser based in south Fulton, has been accused by the state of incompetence, negligence and falsifying documents in several appraisals for private clients, which The Atlanta Journal-Constitution first reported last week. The state Real Estate Commission and Appraisers Board has moved to revoke his license to appraise residential real estate in Georgia.
Team Oregon Director Steve Garets, however, said he would urge Gov.-elect John Kitzhaber to veto any such proposal.
This year, the Chicago Tribune has peeled back some of the mystery on how judges get their positions in Cook County.
Widening Ga. 360 (Macland Road) from Paulding County line to New Macland Road/Lost Mountain Road in Cobb, $30 million
In recent decades, the skeletal figure has been reproduced everywhere from ice-cube trays to political posters. A symbol of universal angst, it graced the front of Time magazine's 1961 "Guilt and Anxiety" issue. In more recent years, it has found new life as an ironic mash-up, suggested in the "Home Alone" scream and copied in a cartoon of Homer Simpson as the tortured Nordic soul.
Tryouts are being held for youths interested in playing basketball for North Peninsula Force, an AAU basketball skills development program. North Peninsula Force is a non-profit organization starting its eighth season in the Millbrae, Burlingame and San Mateo area.
Openers also display some concerns, such as the frequent presence of thick, sweet sauces. Both the octopus dumplings -- which could also use a little more octopus, a little less dumpling -- and beef wrapped around asparagus labor under this sticky burden, also evident in teriyaki dishes.
Leaf told police that he had been receiving medication through the mail for which he has a prescription, but he did not provide proof, Hickman said.
“It will be every bit as luxurious as the original Titanic, but of course it will have state-of-the-art 21st century technology and the latest navigation and safety systems,” Palmer said, along with gymnasiums and swimming pools.
The college named the building that houses its administrative offices and student union building on the Sylvania campus after DeBernardis in 1995. A classroom at the Kennedy School in Northeast Portland, which he attended as a child, is also named after him.
More on the opportunity aspect in a second.
The pending charges will bring more scrutiny to a culture of hazing at FAMU and other schools. Champion's death was ruled a homicide by medical examiners, and the case has jeopardized the future of FAMU's legendary marching band and shaken the school's Tallahassee campus.
Selina Kyle/Catwoman is an armed thief of the highest order and often engages in a sexy cat and mouse game of flirting and fighting with The Dark Knight. "I am thrilled to have the opportunity to work with Anne Hathaway, who will be a fantastic addition to our ensemble as we complete our story," said director Christopher Nolan in a press release, posted at Deadline Hollywood.
Sure, sure, sure: The long playoff season is an old complaint. I feel like a wild-eyed guy on the corner, waving my arms and complaining about secret messages in my cereal bowl. People nod and hurry past, and nothing gets done. Distractions abound. Are they worried about long playoffs in Chicago, where they have lost Derrick Rose for the rest of the season after a knee injury?
1984: Sandy/Boring service added to Line 4-Division.
Simpson’s size made her famous, but these days she is curbing the behavior that put her in the spotlight.
When Galloway graduated last year, there were no openings on the Syracuse staff. Hoping to stay in the game, he found a spot at Duke. He had little choice but to take it, even though it would mark the first time he left central New York for an extended period -- even before college, he starred at nearby West Genesee High and led the team to three sectional titles.
fell to 2-3, 0-1.
"The atmosphere is really relaxing after a day of work," said Cronin, 24, of Sayreville. "You just hang out and chill with people."
But alas, there are eight days, 1,500 miles and 71,000 rabid Ravens fans (not to mention a 40-degree temperature drop) between the Texans' spectacular performance in the franchise's playoff debut and their first postseason road game.
This is the result of a destabilized climate. If we do nothing, there will be worse and worse to come. We should take the situation in hand and place a fee on fossil fuels for heat-trapping gases they emit when burned. We can return 100 percent of the revenue to households to motivate a consumer-centered transition in our energy economy, break our dependence on fossil fuels and begin the long climb back to a sustainable climate.
While there are more race car drivers than NBA players on the list, NBA players who made the ranking are Rashard Lewis, Vince Carter and Michael Redd.
battle to impose lifetime Olympic bans on drugs cheats little
"Before He Cheats"
"I really thought it was the best fit style-of-play wise after watching practice and I liked the athletes that are already in the program," Artis told ESPN.com's Reggie Rankin (Insider).
◆ To wit: In the last three jury trials in which Lopez gave closing arguments (two for murder and one for armed robbery/extortion), the defendants were found not guilty.
PHILADELPHIA — By turning this series against the Flyers on its head, the Devils won one for themselves, but they also won one week for Kovy.
Christie canceled the $8.7 billion project in October, complaining that New Jersey would bear too much of the cost.
Orange County's large voting population – not to mention its wealth – have been tapped with regularity by both parties in the campaign's closing weeks, witnessing visits by President Bill Clinton, Vice President Joe Biden and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani.
He didn't get much help, either, as San Francisco's woes with runners in scoring position continued. The Giants had runners on second and third in the seventh but couldn't convert, and they are 9 for 48 (.188) with runners in scoring position over the past six games.
PLAINSBORO, N.J. - Gov. Chris Christie is headed to Wisconsin to campaign for fellow Republican Gov. Scott Walker, who faces a recall election that has become a national showdown over union rights.
When: 11 a.m.-5 p.m.
Jennifer, just behind them, saw the mistake.
Team president Larry Miller gave a one-man news conference at the Rose Garden, where he tried to explain why the Blazers fired Cho less than a year after the team fired Kevin Pritchard from the same position.
No one wants to make overweight people feel worse than they do. Fat is indeed a plague and most of us struggle to varying degrees. There are about 12 renegade pounds out there that love me so much they never want to be far away. If I drop my guard for so much as a month (that is, eat like a normal person), they jump on me like a June tick.
Jacob Allenback, Pueblo Centennial 43-39-82
"Our cemetery is one of the most beautiful in the state. The Memorial Day services draw a very large crowd. A substantial number of veterans prefer our cemetery" over a private family plot, he said.
That's 30 concussions, many of which were accompanied by classic symptoms.
John Dadian, a Republican political consultant who isn't involved in the race, said the sparring between Fletcher and the party is unfortunate and unnecessary.
He finished the Nuggets' 103-88 loss to the Lakers with a playoff career-high 19 points and made 7-of-14 shots, a bittersweet performance he shook off afterward.
Modglin rushed to her bedside.
Casinos in the Kansas City area are reportedly lobbying against the proposal in their area. The North County site is a tough sell. Not only is County Executive Charlie Dooley opposed to the proposal, but the Audubon Center at Riverlands and the League of Women Voters of St. Louis have come out against it for environmental reasons.
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer, a Republican, called off the meeting in Phoenix after the Mexican governors planned to boycott it because of Arizona's new immigration law.
Or, sometimes substitutes for money.
That has some scientists worried that growers could rely too heavily on chemicals.
Stockpiles at the wholesale level account for about 27 percent of total business inventories. Stockpiles held by retailers make up about one-third of the total. Manufacturing inventories represent about 40 percent of the total.
So will the rumpled, comic, often foul-mouthed incumbent (Boris Johnson) or his leftist predecessor (Ken Livingstone) who loves his pet newts and admires Venezuela's Hugo Chavez triumph to lead Britain's capital?
We tasted 29 sparkling wines made by the Champagne houses of Moët & Chandon, G.H. Mumm, Louis Roederer and Taittinger, both true French Champagnes and the wines from their California offshoots. The Champagnes and California wines were intermixed, and tasted blind. As part of our tasting notes, we guessed which side of the ocean each wine was from.
Joseph E. Slattery, 26, still faces nine counts of aggravated driving under the influence for the Aug. 28 crash. Police said he drove a 2001 Chevrolet Cavalier south on U.S. 45, just south of U.S. 52 near Peotone, when he crossed the road's center line at 7:58 p.m. and drove into a northbound 2004 Cavalier.
Eschright: Keep it short.
"It was a double team on the kick return and a guy came down full speed and it was a collision,'' he said. "It stayed that way the entire game. From that point I knew this is real serious."
Alexander Vershbow, NATO's deputy secretary-general and a former U.S. ambassador to Moscow, said that there was no desire to disturb global strategic stability with the planned missile defense system.
“You’re gonna get the people to come once or twice, but you’ve got to be good if you want them to keep coming back. We hope to get people who drive to other markets to stay local and to bring other business in from all over the place,” Harris said.
the last 10 years -- my goal is to keep that going.''
There may come a time when certain animals will be found only in zoos because the planet is becoming overcrowded and their habitat is disappearing. Perhaps O'Connor's efforts would be better served in dealing with the above issues instead of attacking zoos.
THE OWNERS: John and Sheila Gillespie
"We got a taste of it last year," McMillan said of Oden's potential.
Flanking Mrs. Obama in the gallery: Brianna Mast, the wife of a soldier seriously injured in Afghanistan, and Roxanna Green, mother of the nine-year girl killed in the Tucson shooting.
1 twelve ounce bag of frozen mixed berries
Atlanta school district officials also raised this issue when the AJC first began analyzing their scores. The newspaper took an in-depth look at student mobility in Atlanta and in other, similar districts nearby. It showed that the other districts did not have nearly the same concentration of suspicious scores as Atlanta, despite having similar populations of students.
And speaking of holiday traditions, one of the best is the annual New Year's Eve concert with music director David Robertson. The program is a secret until you get there, but this is one of the few times that you can trust someone unconditionally: Robertson is planning a great evening, filled with nifty surprises - and you'll be out in time to enjoy the New Year's Eve party of your choice. (St. Louis Symphony Orchestra, Powell Symphony Hall, 718 North
But Sen. Barb Goodwin, DFL-Columbia Heights, didn't. Instead, she disparagingly read on the Senate floor what people with mental illness used to be called. When informed of the tweet, Goodwin rose to her feet on the Senate floor to complain.
Pay is a problem. It was appalling to learn that teacher Erik Benner in Texas earned so little that he took a second job in a flooring store. Underpaid Rhena Jasey, a Harvard University graduate, left her public school for a position at The Equity Project, a New York charter school that pays teachers $125,000 a year.
Caught between rehearsals last weekend, Sperling talked about Motown lore and what it's like to work with the 150 kids Mosaic educates each year. More than 50 of them were involved in the current production.
Jimmie Johnson, who came to pit road when the caution flew, was penalized for a tire violation on his pit stop -- after one of his crewmen rolled a tire unattended toward the pit wall -- and had to restart on Lap 319 from the tail end of the field.
A study team will make a recommendation, which will then be sent to the park system advisory board. Congress will make the final decision on whether to add the Butterfiled Overland Trail to the National Trails system.
In January, Netanyahu appointed a special committee to investigate the issue of outposts and make recommendations.
She said Shayna was born in Mesa and lived in Gilbert the rest of her life. She earned good grades and attended church regularly.
The eastbound lanes closed Friday night between Jefferson Avenue and Sixth Street. MoDOT also closed the onramps to eastbound Highway 40 from Pine Street, Forest Park Avenue and Ewing Avenue.
Helping with the decorations will be Mrs. A.B. Leache, Mrs. John Malkmus, Mrs. Ian C. MacCallum, Mrs. Paul McDonald and Mrs. G.H. Washington. ... ."
"I told him 'Yeah, I've seen them.
TRENTON — Gov. Chris Christie Thursday revealed a plan to end the bidding wars that have fattened school superintendents’ salaries, saying he will limit their pay based on how many students they serve and offer bonuses tied to student achievement.
The story comes from a 1952 play by Terence Rattigan, a master of moral drama. It gets a slightly different emphasis at the hands of Terence Davies, a director whose works — “The Long Day Closes,” “Different Voices, Still Lives,” “Of Time and the City” — often look with bittersweet affection at long-gone, post-war Britain.
Higher education spending is an investment in Missouri's future workforce. It is, in every sense of the word, a job creator.
After a quiet night in Tuesday’s win in Cleveland, Pierce went off last night for a game-high 28 points on 9-of-11 shooting, nailing 4 of 5 3-pointers, the airball the only miss.
But if there was one downside for the Coyotes it was their efficiency on the penalty kill.
Recent examples:
David Wrone: This section of Big Bend is scheduled to receive an entirely new driving surface either later this year or early next spring. (We haven't put the job out for bid yet, thus the imprecise "start" date.)
“Many adults don’t realize they need to be vaccinated, or they assume they have been,” said Dr. Maxine Hayes of the state health office. “We’re asking everyone to verify with their health care provider that they’re up-to-date on vaccines.”
Jake Owen-Monday September 3rd , 2012 7PM
12:14: The haves and the have-nots
"I couldn't wait to play that hit. The first time I played that song as a radio personality, I literally blew out the speakers in the studio! It has always been a listener favorite and will continue to be the classic that it is for 50 more years."
There are about 15 species of hedgehogs native to Europe, Asia and Africa. The teacup African hedgehogs are the ones in vogue, thanks in part to video games like Sonic the Hedgehog and Shadow the Hedgehog. Weighing about 8 ounces, they like live insects and need warm enclosures. They don't like to be cuddled much, however. For adoption information, go to the Hedgehog Welfare Society's Web site at hedgehogwelfare.org.Used to desert-like conditions, they need to be kept in warm enclosures. They're susceptible to certain diseases, like wobbly hedgehog syndrome, which attacks the nerves, and they're known to get tumors.
Even more appealing, I found, was the sheer enjoyment factor. Standing or kneeling, floating or actively paddling, there was something quite rewarding about navigating the shoreline at my own pace, under my own steam.
"It was extremely important," Hetfield says.
"Whatever life you see on screen, it's life that's been sucked out of someone," Travis Knight says. "There's something really raw about it."
Another Stanford professor, William Jarvis, coined the phrase "earthquake love." In the perceived "tenderness" to other people, Jarvis found "an uplift from the common lot that banished loneliness." Poet Lorenzo Sosso sounded the phoenix rising theme in this apostrophe to San Francisco: "Out of the ashes thy life will requicken, / Courage loves fighting 'gainst terrible odds."
If Cunningham hires an agent or works out with an NBA team, then he cannot return to school. That's the bind in which the NCAA has put players such as Cunningham - they are allowed to test the waters, but the waters can't test them.
“If this process was not so important to New Jersey’s future, what we are hearing might be treated as an April Fool’s joke,” read a statement from the coalition. “The cruelest joke would be the creation of a new map and NJ Legislature that does not reflect the increasing and rich diversity of the our state.”
Although a number of major food manufacturers made changes in 2006, consider the many ways they get to our children:
I spent a long time in front of an installation called "Ben's Shop." Once a real store, built by a hoarder from Nice between 1958 and 1973, and crowded with objects, it's a bright red box of treasures like some fantastical children's playhouse. The children crowding in the doorway of the gallery were as fascinated by it as I. Art, according to Ben, is everything we see or touch and hoarding a matchstick has the same value as hanging the Mona Lisa.
Somebody has cued up the music -- a stew of swelling atmospheric tones that the aquarium commissioned years ago from composer John Huling. The lights come up, so the tank backdrops have that deep blue infinity glow and the quotes on the walls are illuminated, including this one from natural science writer Loren Eiseley:
A: Dying of something else is generally true, especially among patients in their 80s and beyond. But there are some caveats. Mr. Buffett is 81. If he is healthy, he could keep going another decade. But if the disease becomes aggressive in a person of that age, I would have no problem offering potentially curative treatment.
The onus initially is on principals to document their case. Their evidence must pass muster with district officials and lawyers, who decide which cases should be taken to the school board.
"I just happen to be the person steering the ship at the moment," Wilkinson said. "This award is based on the regular season, and during the regular season, we were the best team by far."
Regarding McKoane's remark on pilot pay, Keegan said: "Regardless of context, it's an unfortunate comment that is not consistent with Air Force core values."
On the sideline to their left, a sea of white shirts began to stir as it became clear the ball would not land in any of the New England Patriots' hands tonight. They waited for the bellowing audience to confirm what they'd hoped before spilling out onto the field.
So they started collaborating on original music.
Some shows, like the Sopranos, make easy work for the writer by offering lots of scenes with food. In the ABC series "Desperate Housewives," each character had her own particular culinary style.
But times are different now.
"From my understanding, the hurricane kind of died out before it got to New England," Kelly said. "And being from new England, most of my friends said it was a big rain storm. Not to minimize it. I think North Carolina got whacked, and some of the other places.
But Mandel recently declined a long-standing invitation to appear before the Akron Press Club, telling club organizers that he was "too busy." His media strategy has him being selective, not only in terms of whom he'll grant interviews to (conservative program hosts, for the most part) but also about giving his opinion to the Ohio press on U.S. Senate issues.
For the game the Indians put 18 runners on base, but only four scored.
Hey, Hoynsie: I find it sadly laughable that if the Tribe had signed Carlos Beltran, they would have had to trade some salary off their ledger to make room for him. In your opinion why do the Dolans seem content to continue to own the team and not fight for a salary cap in baseball? What amount of salary are they paying themselves? -- Richard Grant, Hiram
The June issue of Rolling Stone hits newsstands Friday.
The students say the technology helps them.
But today, the president is being attacked as if he were a salesman who promised us that our problems would wash off in the morning. He never made such a promise. It's time for Americans to realize that governing is hard work, and that a president can't just wave a magic wand and fix everything.
"I'm a little uncertain about it," said Clifford. "It can be argued that it demonstrated a frivolousness that is not becoming of a high court and learned justices."
A judge said the advocates' First Amendment rights had been violated.
1 (2¾ pounds) cow tongue, cleaned, ready to cook
Then it was back to work, with Black reassuring Aniston there was nothing wrong with presenting two awards back-to-back in the animation category. He pointed out that Steve Martin and Tina Fey were onstage at the moment presenting two screenplay awards.
Before the 1980s, the government attempted every year to balance the budget and pay off any debt. However, during the Reagan presidency, this precedent was tossed aside. Reagan re-ignited the Cold War, pouring trillions of dollars into the defense budget, while alternatingly cutting and raising taxes.
Ramona Henderson Pearson, who served as a public auditor and emergency financial manager in Highland Park, interviewed Monday with the City Council for one of two seats that the council will appoint to the nine-member board.
Tsai says patients with chronic acid reflux or hiatal hernia, which can cause acid reflux, should fix the anatomical problem with a minimally invasive surgery that strengthens the valve between the esophagus and stomach and stops acid from backing up into the esophagus.
"Clear off the surfaces, the tabletops," she says, so that you'll have room to add holiday-themed items.
View full sizeBerenice Tynan/Special to The OregonianVolunteers like Kathleen Walker help maintain the Tickle Creek Trail. The plan is to extend the trail to Gresham's Springwater Trail, but funding is an issue. A recreational trail running from Sandy to Portland? If you think it's impossible, then think again. Tickle Creek Trail in Sandy, in its first spring and summer hiking season, is just one leg of an ambitious and challenging vision that could someday become a series of connecting trails running through Clackamas and Multnomah counties.
Yet, the area's biggest consumer-related criminal case didn't involve service contracts.
A thought that had crossed Foster's mind, too.
And far from the liberal stereotype of reckless, bloodthirsty gun nuts, those we met were generous, thoughtful, cautious nature lovers — who did like guns.
Spelling Bee champ
Nearly one-third of the laying hens in the United States produce eggs that are later cracked and sold in liquid form. There are no standards of care for liquid egg-producing hens. They are kept in cages packed so tightly they must climb over each other to reach food on one side and water on the other side. The Humane Society of the United States' proposal exempts these birds from any standard of care whatsoever. That could shift egg production to out-of-state producers who face little or no provisions for the care of hens.
Hugh Jackman, for starters, who was not stirred (nor shaken) by the chance to play the secret agent.
But cleaning up our waters and our communities is not something that government alone has the resources or power to fix. We all flush toilets, drive and use parking lots that send trash downstream. Everyone can do more — such as picking up pet waste, removing trash properly and installing practices that reduce pollution at home.
Where: SLYSA complex, St. Charles
Cuyahoga County and its private partner, Chicago-based MMPI, today stage a ceremonial start to construction of a $465 million, taxpayer-financed medical mart and convention center.
Those wishing to donate canned goods, boxed food or cash may drive up to the RTA Community Bus in the parking lot of Channel 3, 1333 Lakeside Ave. in downtown Cleveland, from 6 a.m. to 1 p.m. Also, the free RTA B-Line Trolley stops just a block away, at East 12th Street and Lakeside, so those who won’t be driving can participate.
Yet part of the Knicks' problems against the Heat has been the power forward matchup. Bosh has averaged 18.5 points on 50 percent shooting while helping Miami go 7-1 against New York, counting playoffs, according to STATS, LLC. Stoudemire has scored 18.3 per game -- though hasn't reached that number in his last five games -- while the Knicks have gone 2-6.
Tammi Smith had all but given up hope of adopting a sibling for her daughter when she spotted Baby Gabriel's mother across a crowded airport in Indianapolis six months before the baby vanished, she testified in her defense Wednesday.
Of course, we can’t fix our transportation woes for free. But as opposed to a punitive “parking tax” or a brand new “multimodal gas tax,” a one-penny sales levy actually helps offset the fuel we waste and valuable time we lose stuck in traffic. That “congestion tax” costs the average metro commuter $924 a year. The one-penny sales levy can reduce the congestion tax over time — and most consumers won’t come close to spending $924 in additional sales tax (that would require annually buying $92,400 worth of stuff).
8) 2B – Trent Gilbert: .271, six doubles, 26 RBI.
When there's an opportunity to build a better mousetrap, "you come at it with guns blazing," Levy said.
White struggled. She had trouble connecting the dots on a sheet of paper. Counting backward by sixes in timed sessions was difficult. She puzzled over drawing the hands of a clock, a tell-tale sign of Alzheimer’s.
Now, I’ve heard rumors that a few of you have some concerns about the new health care law. So let me be the first to say that anything can be improved. If you have ideas about how to improve this law by making care better or more affordable, I am eager to work with you. We can start right now by correcting a flaw in the legislation that has placed an unnecessary bookkeeping burden on small businesses.
Weaver has her work cut out for her on this "GWTW" project, according to Jeannie Barrett Stanca, a fine art appraiser who also is a licensed Georgia insurance agent.
"I didn't think I had to bring it up," Vella said.
The good news is that the Protect Innocence Initiative, a grading system of 50 states plus Washington, D.C., is more of a road map than it is a scold. See it online at www.sharedhope.org and lead your state lawmaker and attorney general there as well, as they have the ability to try to change the legal landscape for buyers in Oregon. Smith says, "Within each state is a unique framework of laws. And under the 10th amendment, that is how it should be. With the Protected Innocence Initiative, it is our hope and intention that we will strengthen the legal framework in states across the nation to weave a fabric of laws that does not allow one child in this nation to fall through."
Further Collinsville is regulated by the state Open Meetings Act but duo Schaeffer/Knabel changed the council regular meetings and the workshops to only twice a month. The number of times residents could address the council was reduced.
"This is the second wave," said Jerry Wiedmann of Leroy Township in Lake County, a board member of the Ohio Lepidopterists society, a group devoted to studying butterfly species.
If you're tempted to take out the turf grass, you're not alone. Susan Morrison of Creative Exteriors Landscape Design in Concord notes that the last 10 clients who have contacted her have wanted to get rid of their lawns. But once you're committed to tearing out the lawn, how do you fill what used to be a vast green space? Maybe you're thinking of adding in Bay Area native, drought-tolerant plants; maybe you're thinking drip irrigation systems. Now what?
Sporting Kansas City and Chivas Guadalajara played to a 2-2 tie in a friendly last week in Kansas City.
The rousing reception at Sundance built U.S. buzz for the film and for Murphy, who went on to appear in Christopher Nolan's "Batman Begins," ''The Dark Knight" and "Inception."
She rolled out value-added analysis last year for a group of teachers in fourth through eighth grades. This year, administrators fired 75 of those teachers with poor appraisals and gave more than 700 others rated minimally effective one year to improve. The district also rewarded more than 630 "highly effective" educators with bonuses ranging from $3,000 to $25,000.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Continental Airlines surprised analysts by posting a profitable fourth quarter, despite a drop in traffic because of the global recession.
That should come into play against the Sooners -- who she said have size and athletic ability, making it a challenging matchup -- as Boylan said most of the focus this week has been on attacking the lane and finishing around the basket.
Scott M. Parker, 34, has been charged in Buchanan County with tampering with a motor vehicle and assault/attempted assault on a law enforcement officer, both of which are Class C felonies.
It was a contrast to the picked-over cards I scanned earlier that day. They kindly wished the recipient a good future, but missed the point what I consider the point of the day by avoiding thanks to the recipient or source of goodness for gifts of the past or present. Hopefully no one at our house will set an alarm clock to be in line when stores open on the very second Thanksgiving Day has passed. Our small family tries hard to celebrate Thanksgiving until everyone pulls out of the driveway at weekend's farewell. Of course, we waddle away with many fine food traditions.
"I firmly believe the council shouldn't pass laws they aren't willing to enforce. This goes for any law, not just bans on smoking. If they can't afford the cops, then they need to start a new lower-grade of nuisance-law enforcement cops, and hire a ton more of them.''
Port Alice: Vancouver anchor
And he will be just fine, according to people who have followed the former Georgia congressman’s lengthy career of ups and downs.
Her skeletal remains were discovered nearly a year later in a wooded area in the Baltimore suburb of Windsor Mill. Police identified the body using dental records and said that the victim had been shot twice in the head. At the time of her death Mia was only 38 years old.
Later the same day, however, Giusto admitted to the same investigators that he and Doss had stayed at a downtown Seattle hotel, according to transcripts of the interview.
The day's events brought a colorful variety of people to the Capitol: Virginia Weldon of St. Paul sat on a bench and held a sign that read "We Need Housing Not Stadiums." William Jewel, a perennial stadium advocate, brought drawings for a new stadium at the Mall of America and said it could be kept warm by hosting the "world's largest exercise class" and capturing people's body heat.
According to Ms. Gray’s Web site, her clients included the Atlanta Chamber of Commerce, Turner Broadcasting’s supplier diversity program, churches, civic groups and schools.
Taste, and add more fish sauce, if desired.
At 6, he was a member of a Ball State youth dribbling group that performed at halftime. The year after that, he and his friends pretended to host basketball games in their basements, flicking the light switch on and off to mimic pregame introductions.
Father and son have been working to overhaul his outside shot. Before, Eron would shoot the ball from below his eye, almost a push shot. Gordon Sr. has worked with him on lifting the ball higher on his shot, making it more difficult to guard.
Finally there's enough evidence in the bottle to make men reconsider their prejudices against their daughters.
Perhaps the most stunning jewel going across the block is a rare, pink, cushion-cut, 9-carat diamond ring by the French jeweler Dreicer & Co. It has a pre-sale estimate of $6 million to $8 million. A magnificent, rectangular-cut, colorless, 19-carat diamond ring may garner as much as $3 million. It's one of several pieces made by the notable French firm Cartier.
This form of choice, applied in a unique environment, would modify the existing voluntary desegregation program in which thousands of city schoolchildren are bused to suburban schools. It would have the added benefits of avoiding additional transportation and keeping children closer to home.
On May 14, James and attorneys from both sides will go before the Judicial Tenure Commission to determine her fate. The ruling could lead to her removal from the bench.
Admission is $15.
Known as Access to the Region’s Core, the proposed 9-mile long tunnel from Secaucus to West 34th Street in Manhattan was to be completed in 2018 and double train capacity. But Christie terminated the nation’s largest public works project five weeks ago, saying he didn’t want to leave New Jersey on the hook for billions in potential cost overruns.
U.S. Rep. John Dingell, D-Dearborn, a longtime auto industry advocate, also said Michigan needs help weathering the meltdown.
The organization carefully matches students with mentors. Burlingham is mentoring a student this year who is into rockets, a perfect match given his background. He has two degrees in the field -- a bachelor's in aerospace engineering and a master's in aeronautics and astronautics -- and a lot to share with a student.
The protesters took shelter behind metal sheets snatched from a nearby construction site and hurled back stones. Others climbed the roof of a nearby university and showered soldiers with rocks from above. The troops then opened up with heavy volleys of tear gas that pushed the demonstrators back. Protesters sat fire to garbage to raise smoke to lessen the impact of the gas.
Russell interpreted it as something more sinister, a Senser family code of silence.
1 head butter, green leaf or other lettuce, leaves separated
Investigators, Ray said, aren't sure if the four victims were specifically targeted. He said a burglary involving the theft of a large amount of jewelry also occurred in Beaverton, and police there are investigating.
Pepper has learned that tap handles don't have to be big or flashy to stand out. Unusual materials with a story behind them - like reclaimed wood or hand-forged metal - can be just as enticing.
Most experts saw this coming. The upstart Blues dispatched the fraying Sharks in five games in their first-round playoff series.
"What her son did to my daughter is unacceptable," Burke said.
It is illegal to prescribe growth hormone for all but a handful of conditions in adults. One of them, adult growth hormone deficiency, legitimately affects just one of every 100,000 people annually, according to the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists.
LOS ANGELES -- Every year in the weeks and months after Easter, a wave of rabbits turns up at animal shelters, abandoned by people who bought them for the holiday but changed their minds.
O’Ryan Johnson, Mark Garfinkel and Angela Rowlings contributed to this report.
When Mike Hargrove's staff lost track of the young Bartolo Colon's pitches and let him throw 120, former General Manager John Hart stomped down to the clubhouse upon the conclusion of the game, demanding an explanation.
The station has consistently broken new ground on the case since the wildfires torched 4,500 acres south of Denver in March, claiming lives and prompting a bill to create a commission to investigate the fire and compensate victims.
Eli Manning and Tony Romo have exchanged handshakes many, many times at the end of games over the past few years. After Sunday's 31-14 Giants NFC East-clinching victory over the Cowboys, it's not hard to imagine Manning's satisfaction and Romo's disappointment.
The USA-France game was beginning in a half hour. The girls would benefit from the examples they saw then of strong, confident women athletes. If no female Friedels had been on the field, they had had fun trying.
In a system dating to the Civil War era, the city Police Department is run by a five-member panel. Four members are chosen by the governor; the fifth is always the mayor.
When they're not on the desk, thinning the lines, they sometimes field questions sent in through text message or email.
Other items on the agenda include approval of field trips, a roof alteration at Bayberry School, enrollment reports and updates on negotiations.
In 2005, the Firefighter Burn Institute donated $1 million to the hospital to help expand the 8-bed burn unit. The expanded facility, double the size of the current facility and with 12 beds, will open next year.
The flight was scheduled to resume late Monday night with a replacement MD-80 aircraft, Torbenson said, but in the meantime all but 27 of the plane's 149 original passengers switched to other flights rather than wait.
-- If a single rumor about Phil Jackson coaching the Knicks is true then the PTB's at the Garden - Powers That Be, bless their hearts - haven't learned a thing in the last 10 years about basketball.
Those were far from the only instances in which the production drew attention to itself, despite the spare trappings. Strangely, that wasn’t a bad thing. Alden forced one to look at the opera’s uneasy sentiments about fidelity through multiple lenses, with parts that qualified as tragedy, comedy, sometimes-ugly realism and absurdism. By giving Così a twist that seemed contemporary, Alden emphasized the timeless tension that has made the work so enduringly compelling.
Giebell vs. ELWAY: Did Mr. Ed have more teeth than Elway? Just asking.
Police said the shooting was part of a violent crime spree by the pair. They are accused of committing another carjacking earlier that day, and Campbell faces charges in two other carjackings in February.
Note: To make garnishes, mix 2 tablespoons water with 2 egg whites. Whisk until frothy. Dip in whole fresh cranberries and curled lemon rind, and then roll in superfine sugar. Lay out on a parchment lined cookie sheet to dry for two hours, then keep refrigerated until ready to use. Mound in the center of the cake, or create a border with the garnish.
eliminate the possibility of deer hunters roaming Town and Country and, armed with rifles, accidentally gunning down a beloved family pet, or worse, a child.
Rafael Soriano moved up to the eighth-inning spot in the Yankees' reorganized bullpen and immediately gave up a triple to Zobrist. Zobrist scored on a wild pitch to make it 4-3 but Soriano struck out the side.
Woodard joined KTVI in October 2005, coming here from WBIR in Knoxville, Tenn. A Dallas native and a graduate of Texas A&M University, Woodard started her career at KCEN in Waco, Tex., and then went to KBTX in Bryan, Tex., before moving to Tennessee.
For better or worse, Kosmas has basically emerged as what she promised voters back when she ousted Feeney — a moderate, pro-business Dem.
Rep. Cheri Gerou, R-Evergreen, chairwoman of the legislature's Joint Budget Committee, said the budget stands up for seniors and students, along with providing plans for the state's future. Fellow committee member Rep. Claire Levy, D-Boulder, urged her Democratic colleagues to support the spending plan because it "reflects compromises on both sides."
Daily: 290 Big 4: 2773
The event takes place at the Morgan Hill Cultural Center, 1700 Monterey Road. Hours: 11 a.m.-4 p.m. both days. Admission: free. Details: 408-683-2883.
The average weekly wage in Harford County in the second quarter of 2011 was $890.
Q: Aardman's films have been critical favorites, but do you ever feel like Pixar steals your thunder?
Armando must find a way to restore the family's respectable name, even as he finds himself falling in love with Sonia. And Rodriguez, a former telenovela actress who also appeared this year as a knockout jewel thief in "Man on a Ledge," seems quite comfortable with this kind of over-the-top material.
There will be a one-tenth of one-cent increase to the local rate, though for the average home in the township the increase will only translate to about $3 for the year.
Musial appeared to be experiencing a medical emergency, and lost consciousness before an ambulance arrived. Emergency crews tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at the scene, Andraychak said.
Earlier, Tokyo Electric Power Co., which operates the reactor, said three workers were injured and seven missing.
Likely to at least get free-agent looks:
In response to concerned residents, Aleshire helped pass an ordinance banning drinking outdoors. He also helped to build a better relationship with TriMet in order to maintain the presence of public safety officers on public transportation.
The Soccer Learning Center is accepting donations of children’s clothing or supplies at the CERC gym, 180 Ninth Street in Jersey City. Boxes will be provided to drop off donations in the vestibule outside the gym area.
A de-glammed Johansson gets some nice, spunky scenes, too, as the take-charge heroine — although, frankly, she almost looks more like Damon’s daughter than his love interest. And the script — which Crowe wrote with the too-prolific Aline Brosh McKenna — is often far-fetched.
"I think Kinger and Penner are kind of similar players. They're both big, strong, steady wingers," Richards said. "Pens has obviously been here before and has a little more experience playing against more top lines."
He won at Las Vegas in March to cross that track off his list, so only Darlington and Kentucky remain. He never won at Rockingham, either, but NASCAR no longer races the Cup Series at the North Carolina track.
The SBA is proposing new definitions for what qualifies as small in professional and technical services as diverse as accounting and computer programming.
The Missouri law went on the books in 1992, says state Sen. Scott Rupp, R-2nd District, of Wentzville. It prohibits employers from denying employment to anyone based on the lawful use of alcohol or tobacco, with the EXCEPTION of religious organizations and nonprofits whose primary focus is health care.
Octavia Spencer, winner as best supporting actress in "The Help," admitted she was "scared to death" standing in front of the assembled media backstage, the actress said she wanted to "live in this moment."
Statements from the family:
Game 3 is Wednesday at Bridgestone Arena in Nashville. The Predators trail the best-of-seven series 2-0.
Its sales rose 11.6%, compared with industry sales growth of 2.3% in April. Its market share rose to 15%, from 13.8% a year ago. The only other Asian brand to log a measurable market share gain was Subaru, which rose to 2.2% of the market, from 2.1%.
As Cuyahoga County Council nears completion of the county's first two-year budget, which is expected today, after two months of deliberations, I offer reflections on our process and outcome.
Brett Goodkin, a veteran police officer, signed on as a technical advisor to Coppola's "The Bling Ring," even playing himself on-screen. In a recently filmed scene, he slapped handcuffs on Emma Watson, the actress playing one of the burglars Goodkin nabbed in real life.
The arrangements also help the banks, which avoid potentially costly defaults—at least for another year. Meanwhile, the banks are taking on unsecured personal loans that are growing riskier as Spain's unemployment rate marches higher. That runs counter to the industry's push to shrink and reduce risk. The Banca Civica spokesman said such loans carry very little risk, because they are for relatively small sums.
Here's a short list of Valentine's Day promotions (and you can find more of them on my travel blog at OrlandoSentinel.com/postcards):
Business and child-care leaders are collaborating on a system called Parent Aware (www.parentawareratings.org) that will give low-income parents information about top centers and scholarships to afford those centers.
Actual projections for expected revenue and total spending during fiscal 2013 were still forthcoming, and a detailed budget document will be sent to the council next week, officials said.
Gary police Sgt. Freddie Cook says he's going to do everything he can to help get the medal back for Smith.
They're both right.
EcoShuttle available from the Lloyd Center Area – $20 per person
Ames said most of the state's settlement payment went to female members of Defend Life who were subjected to invasive strip-searches by police. They comprised about half of the 18 who were arrested while holding explicit images of aborted fetuses along Bel Air's Route 24.
The cotton rope was tied in a simple knot around the girl's neck, but was not a hangman's noose, said St. Clair County Sheriff Terry Surles. County Coroner Dennis Russell said an autopsy found the cause of death was homicide due to ligature strangulation.
The other two are both in northern Scottsdale: 85262 is No. 203, and 85266 is No. 438.
Last year, the FDA approved an increase in label warnings on Xenical and Alli after reviewing adverse reactions to orlistat and also finding symptoms related to severe liver injury.
What's the connection?
The Combating Terrorism Center's analysis of the letters said that "bin Laden was burdened by what he viewed as the incompetence of the 'affiliates,' including their lack of political acumen to win public support, their media campaigns and their poorly planned operations, which resulted in the unnecessary deaths of thousands of Muslims." An apparently frustrated bin Laden wrote in May 2010 that such killings were eroding al-Qaida's support and he urged that all attacks be aimed at the United States or U.S. interests overseas.
On their first full day in the U.S., other family members of the victims asked questions through a translator who knew Telugu, the language of the eastern state of India where they live.
“I’m not poor, nor do I have riches.
"Doing this amendment makes it seem more mean-spirited," he said Tuesday as he went to the polls.
construction contracts that did not exist.
"It's good to get kids off the streets so they won't get involved in bad stuff," said Jarohn Johnson, 16. "But it's also limiting their freedom a little bit when they can't go out with their friends." Arriana Hayes, 17, said that now "I can hang out but my sister who's 15 can't, and I don't think that's right. She's just as responsible and mature as I am."
We should warm to it with reverence,
"Now, it's been maybe a turbulent year in terms of winning streaks, losing streaks and those kinds of things. But when it's all said and done, it's what the record is like."
The collision caused the pickup to overturn on its driver’s side, but as it rotated clockwise it righted itself, police said. Pestridge was ejected, sustained “massive trauma” to his neck and head and was pronounced dead at the scene, according to police.
"We have a lot of transplants here from New Jersey, New York," he said. "It's not like South Carolina."
Still, Nissenson acknowledged, three other factors dominate patient decisions: where their doctor practices, which clinic is close by, and whether clinic staff have a holistic, caring approach to health.
Another was the Pop Up Park, an oasis of artificial greenery and tropical umbrellas that sprouted in the lobby this winter. A family magnet, it helped the MIA draw more than 40,000 people in January, up from 36,000 a year earlier.
Authorities have arrested a 17-year-old juvenile from San Rafael on suspicion of attempted murder in connection with a shooting more than two weeks ago in Mill Valley.
Generally, there are no symptoms. Health care providers will test women who have average risk for gestational diabetes between 24 and 28 weeks of pregnancy, according to the National Institutes of Health. If you are at high risk, a test may be advised as soon as you know you are pregnant.
With the temperature dropping, they are stockpiling donated coats, blankets and scarves, trying to secure cots and military-grade tents, and getting survival tips from the homeless people who have joined their encampments.
But make no mistake, "this is not a chef-y book," says the energetic Langton, who is the embodiment of her message that eating well makes you feel and look good.
It's as if the place has a new lease on life. The service has improved to the point that we could laugh at the waiter who approached the table to recite the specials, including a "tripe steak."
8374 S. Willow St.
There was this headline: "East St. Louis layoffs spur public outcry." The story explained that the city has no money and is laying off almost a third of its police force. "The criminals are going to run wild," a pastor said.
Yes, you read it right. No, it's not April Fool's. But it is a new day for The Sun and the Ehrlichs.
The e-mails obtained by the newspaper had been retrieved from Corzine’s e-mail account by his attorneys in 2007 as they were reviewing his correspondence with Katz in preparation for defending him against the Wilson suit. Only e-mails his aides deemed non-personal were eventually sent to Innes, the Superior Court judge who analyzed them to determine which, if any, ought to be released.
"I'm really glad you're getting glasses," she whispered.
Foreign cruisers are flying across oceans to sail in Alaska or the Caribbean, markets once dominated by Americans. Indeed, the Russians are climbing to the top deck.
After wrapping up its investigation of a deadly Interstate 44 pileup near Gray Summit, the National Transportation Safety Board on Tuesday appealed to states to outlaw nonemergency use of cellphones and other portable electronic devices while driving.
play in 2011.
Records show the GOP candidate gave about $12,000 to his own campaign and contributed $1.9 million in loans. Chandra said that DeWine broke the law by taking money from himself but did nothing wrong because the law is blatantly unconstitutional.
Stenger said he suspected Dooley's administration was angling to force the council to support a tax increase, perhaps one dedicated for parks.
10. Rock Canyon lost to (1) Valor Christian 58-13
Even better, my back isn't straining when I carry my 35-pound-plus 3-year-old upstairs to bed. (He can walk just fine, but sometimes, at the end of a long day, it's nice to hold him.)
The UAW agreement, which will take effect May 4, meets Treasury requirements for continued loans to Chrysler Corp., and includes commitments from Fiat to manufacture a new small car in one of Chrysler's U.S. facilities and to share key technology with Chrysler.
Cocteau's film is, of course, an impossible standard. It's the greatest fairy-tale movie ever made, and there isn't really a close second. Jacques Demy's graceful, candy-colored "Donkey Skin" (1970) is the distant runner-up, a movie that treats an exceptionally disturbing story with a disconcertingly light touch. (It's about a princess trying to escape the clutches of her father, the king, who wants to marry her.) And Neil Jordan's 1984 "Company of Wolves," a "Little Red Riding Hood" reimagined by him and Angela Carter, is both scarier and more erotic than fairy-tale pictures usually allow themselves to be; it captures some of the violent terseness of the Grimm brothers' style, and it is distinctly not for children.
"It was time to come home," said Hinshaw, who has kept a residence in Houston since coaching at Rice.
"I love him. He's a guy that brings it. He's a very competitive player, mentally tough," Blazers coach Nate McMillan said. "In this league there are men and there are boys. Gerald is a man. When you're in this league, you need those guys that don't fear opposing players. Wallace doesn't fear LeBron (James), (Dwyane) Wade, Kobe (Bryant)."
"The Costa Mesa resident is calling them her 'eulogy stories.' She's planning one for each grandchild."
He added: "I think it's just fantastic that this guy cared enough to take his kid to work. How many parents take their kids to work these days?"
Last winter, DiGirolamo, 36, pleaded guilty to aggravated manslaughter in the death of 27-year-old Amy Giordano and was sentenced to 25 years in prison. In his appeal, filed several months ago, DiGirolamo argues that prosecutors seeking to connect a handsaw from his garage to the murder tested the instrument on animal bones, forever destroying proof that it had never been used.
of securities fraud and a charge of conspiracy, could face
The statue costs $500,000, nearly four times what Robinson made in his best year in baseball. Expenses "are not all covered at this point, but they will be taken care of," Rosenberg said. "Those who want to step up to the plate and contribute $10,000 to $25,000 will have their names listed on the pedestal."
"We've saved these wild lands from being gobbled up by sprawl pushing east from Bakersfield," said E.J. Remson, senior program manager for the Nature Conservancy. The ranches are being managed as working, profitable cattle operations but in a way that also allows wildlife to roam and remain vital.
Among other things, the design means that thousands of pedestrians, including hundreds of students arriving for classes at nearby John Hay High School, wouldn't have to cross Cedar Glen or MLK to get to class. They would be safer and more comfortable.
Of course, there are so many reasons not to step up in the kitchen. And if you're not a terribly talented cook, you're kind of off the hook, right?
Save on fiord tours. Save 25 percent on Hurtigruten's Classic Coastal voyages between Bergen and Kirkenes, Norway. Deal applies to more than 50 departures in August, September and early October on nine ships. Pricing varies by date, itinerary and ship. For example, price for a six-night southbound cruise aboard the M/S Kong Harald departing Oct. 3 starts at $1,028 per person double (plus $40 port charges) after discount. Deadline to book is May 31. 866-552-0371, hurtigruten.us
The Sheet Metal Workers National Pension Fund, which owns 800,000 shares of the more than 418 million outstanding FirstEnergy shares, was back again for the fifth consecutive year with a resolution requiring the company's board of directors to at least win a simple majority of votes to be re-elected.
1967 The commission passes an even more restrictive version of General Order 66, expressing concern that utilities won't make "full disclosure" of circumstances leading to accidents if they know records might be made public.
Gilbert and Penn National Gaming teamed in 2009 on a constitutional amendment that Ohio voters approved, granting four casinos in Ohio. Casinos in Cleveland and Cincinnati will be owned by Rock, and facilities in Columbus and Toledo will be owned by Penn.
“It’s really important given some of the unfortunate events over the last couple of years that we have a strong focus on addressing our operational issues,’’ he said. “All of us, including me, take personal responsibliity for making that happen.’’
Additionally, the city's jurisdiction covers only public property, so when issues arise in the parking lot of the store, it becomes Home Depot's responsibility.
Officials say problems include flooding on Route 34 North at West Hurley Pond Road in Wall Township, and an overturned vehicle on Interstate 195 West near the Route 35/Route 34 turnoff, in Wall Township that closed the right lane and shoulder.
"We adjusted our pay practices at that time and determined that back wages should be paid for the associates involved," Rossiter said.
Hoerling compares March 2012 to the heat waves of 1910, which he said also seem to be a random weather event rather than tied to any specific global warming phenomenon.
He reminded commission members that they are "tasked with that responsibility."
WASHINGTON -- The number of people requesting unemployment benefits last week plunged to a nearly three-year low, bolstering the likelihood that companies will increase the pace of hiring this year.
Both gardens are among more than 200 in the St. Louis area that receive support from Gateway Greening, a local nonprofit. The organization doesn't form community gardens, but it provides resources to start and maintain gardens where there is an available piece of land and a core group of people who are committed to turning it into a garden.
Election Day is six months away. Right now, politics watchers say Romney and Obama are in a dead heat in Iowa, which is among about a dozen states viewed as critical for Obama or Romney to nail the necessary 270 electoral votes.
Still, he still sees the form that nearly earned him consecutive Cy Young Awards in the distance.
Korach's wife, Rachel, also will retire next year after 46 years in the district. Rachel Korach, 70, commonly known as Ricky, has been the English Department Chair at Lake Oswego High School for 30 years.
Oh, and there's one more problem: The prison is in space. Time to get that shuttle out of mothballs and break Snow into the penitentiary, so he can help the first daughter break out.
965 Beverly Av, $295,000
Yet as state lawmakers head toward the home stretch of the 2011 Legislature, shaking the sofa cushions for cash to run schools, talk of PERS reform has died to a whimper. Apart from PERS housekeeping, only one bill and one concept remain from the 35 measures that were introduced at the beginning of the session. And those have been watered down to the point they offer less savings than first hoped.
Young motorists must display a red decal to make it easier for police to enforce the law.
"I feel a lot better about our team, but we still lost," Turgeon said Tuesday night.
Along with the city, the Lake Oswego School District Foundation is raising funds and Superintendent Bill Korach recently announced plans to restructure his contract to donate his salary to the school district. Board members are looking toward city aid and foundation donations, in addition to anticipated state revenue and other money-saving strategies, to determine whether the closures are necessary for the next school year.
We also had a partial view of the outdoor sea otter rehab tank -- partial because workers don't want to the otters to become too accustomed to people. Before this policy, otters often accosted bay kayakers for food after they were released. Trainers now wear Darth Vader-like suits when interacting with the otters, to prevent being imprinted on the critters. Of course, the kids get to try on the suits during the tour, leading to inevitable mock light saber duels.
TaylorMade’s Rocketballz — the hottest new line of clubs — promises “17 extra yards” with its 3-wood, which leaves Thomas wondering: “Is 17 enough?” The Cobra AMP and Nike’s VR-S drivers, just on the market, are in the running, too, for a spot in his bag. Each costs roughly $300.
5. Bankbridge — Justin Berghof, David Dragan, Michael Benson, Arianna Incognito, “Got Brains”
The state suspended Strand's real estate closing agent license after it paid $4,582 toward satisfying a civil judgment against Strand. The suspension is retroactive to Aug. 4, 2010.
3:38: Whitney's casket flower arrangement is wheeled down the middle of the church as the choir continues to sing with Winans and the guests in the pews remain standing.
To get rolling, a few supplies help: paper, a rolling tool, glue or a glue stick, scissors and a water-based sealant, such as Polycrylic by Minwax.
In that case, the medical marijuana patient, Cameron Wieldraayer, was granted only supervised visits with his two young daughters -- a decision upheld by an appeals court.
"Working people are the heart and soul of this country," Pulaski, chief officer of the powerful California Labor Federation, AFL-CIO, said Monday at a Labor Day picnic with 800 union members on Oakland's waterfront. But GOP gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman has "been a CEO, and she's laid people off and made millions. That's why she's not here, and why we're calling her Wall Street Whitman."
The number of bank failures is expected to rise further this year. The FDIC expects the cost of resolving failed banks to grow to about $100 billion over the next four years.
Leyland said he didn't know if Young's status would change in the days ahead, saying, "It's a great question. I don't really know how to answer that. I'm not a medical person."
“I kissed him on the forehead is what I did,” Calipari said.
Mitchell said county users tend to come from wealthier families who buy the drug in the city and use it to fit in.
She said she trained three times a day for a few months. "Then, once we started working, I had to have the training just for endurance because it was so many hours."
The funding is so solid with endowments and sponsors that no admission is charged to see the museum's priceless collection of American art. Seemingly every important, familiar American artist is represented in the 50,000-square-foot facility, a list that includes Edward Curtis, Thomas Hart Benton, Frederic Remington, John Singer Sargent, Georgia O'Keeffe, Jackson Pollock, Grant Wood, Andy Warhol and Norman Rockwell.
But Hester didn't practice the Friday before the Seahawks game, and he managed just one return – a 17-yarder on a kickoff - before shutting it down.
Four students were transported to Tuality Community Hospital with injuries that were not life threatening, said Storm Smith, Hillsboro Fire & Rescue spokesman. Six students were listed at Tuality Community Hospital with minor injuries and were planning to have precautionary x-rays taken, said Gerry Ewing, a Tuality Healthcare spokesman.
4 slices prosciutto (about 2 ounces), cut into 1- to 11/2 -inch squares
They broke into the garage as the family slept and stole a credit card belonging to Robert Cipriano, Tuckers father, from a car. According to reports, Tucker used the card to buy Spice, which is synthetic marijuana.
He studied film at Webster University and moved to Los Angeles, where he honed his skills by editing trailers for such movies as "Ocean's Thirteen," "The Prestige" and "The New World."
The HCEA leadership took the position that the bonus money amounted to pay its members were entitled to, claiming a lack of raises in the most recent county budget — a budget drafted in lean times — was a trick to shortchange teachers orchestrated by a county executive, who was once a member of HCEA member and who spent most of his professional life as a teacher and school administrator.
In fact, Shurmur was fired up today about several mistakes, and came down hard on his struggling offense in the 15 minutes open to the media. He said his demeanor was no different than any other day.
Bassnectar: June 1-2, Red Rocks
Crystal Cruises said it would stop charging extra for fine wines, premium spirits and gratuities for housekeeping, bar and dining staff starting in March. The luxury line also is offering tremendous savings through "book now" fares through Tuesday, said Bob Miller of Cruise Holidays. For instance, the 10-day Crystal cruise from Miami to Portugal, departing March 19, has an ocean-view room starting at $1,360 a person, down from the $4,720 brochure rate.
Lankard's Rule: Provide full information regarding your military experience.
Margaret D. Pagan, Baltimore
Bruce Ely/The OregonianLaMarcus Aldridge became the sixth player in Trail Blazers history to earn all-NBA honors.LaMarcus Aldridge wasn't an All-Star this season, but on Thursday the NBA announced the Trail Blazers forward was voted onto the All-NBA third team, making him one of the top 15 players in the league for the 2010-2011 season.
But Link's daughter Pamela Link said there was no evidence her father's death had anything to do with drug traffickers or illegal immigration. She said some border ranchers were using her father's death for their own "political agenda" and to get more Border Patrol agents to police the area.
She felt led to put her children on a television diet. She restricted their viewing time to a couple of hours a week. To fill the void, she encouraged her kids to feed their minds by reading two books a week from the public library.
* Shannell Butler, 40, of Pageant Lane in Willingboro, was arrested Saturday and charged with contempt.
Mr. Larsen declined to comment.
"That was the only thing I was trying to avoid. But I think I failed. I think there is some subconscious Johnny Depp in there, too," says Borle. "But, in my defense, when you think of Captain Hook, you don't think of a restrained id."
Michigan's economy is steadily, if slowly, crawling out of a deep economic funk that had us atop the nation's unemployment pyramid for years and years. The slo-mo recovery has many people feeling better, whether they're developers at a go-go software firm like Plex or assembly-line workers on a new shift added at Chrysler, Ford or General Motors.
Roehr (106) and Alec Maglione (138)-and advanced seven. Roehr (38-5) rallied for a 6-5 win over Howell Central's Jacob Gajewski. Maglione (45-5) came up with a reversal with 42 seconds left in a 2-1 win over Zumwalt West's Travis Callahan.
SM: South Salem
"God Bless America" takes a few good shots, literally and figuratively. It doesn't miss the mark, but by taking the easy road, it also never quite hits the bull's-eye.
As of the end of December, Apple's cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term marketable securities totaled roughly $97.6 billion, more than the market capitalizations of all but 52 publicly traded companies at the time. That's up from the $59.7 billion in cash that Apple had on its balance sheet the year before.
To Cashman, the circumstances that led up to Chamberlain’s ankle injury belong in a different category from Brown, who infamously injured himself by punching a wall in 2004.
Christopher Medina and Officer Elizabeth Rice and the Police Chief’s Meritorious Service Award will be presented to Police Dispatcher Nikki Griffiths.
"I hope so. I would hope that would be the case. As I said, we have four games to go and every one of these games is critical to our future."
WARNINGS: During an Occupy protest last year, police methodically issued warnings to individuals and groups of protesters before making arrests. McCarthy says that method again will be used, if possible.
"We all went our separate ways and did different things and here we are back again," said Shapiro, who was very appreciative of being named to the Hall.
"They can do things for legislators that those of us in the social services like me can't begin to do," Duncan said.
After Tynes’ field goal, Fitzpatrick (21-for-30 for 244 yards, two touchdowns and two interceptions) tried to squeeze one to Johnson past Jason Pierre-Paul on a fourth down. With the Giants focusing on batted balls to slow the Bills’ quick-hit passing game, Pierre-Paul got up to knock it away.
Tickets -- $10 per person -- will be sold at the door. To donate or for more details, email Kamala at: elks2091ssf@gmail.com or call 650-873-1022.
Researchers at the University of Michigan are using cadaver shoulder bone and cartilage to repair joints in people who have frequent shoulder dislocations. Their study was published in December 2009 in the American Journal of Sports Medicine.
Losing "American Idol's" linchpin personality as a regular could seriously damage a program other networks have enviously dubbed "The Death Star" for its ability to annihilate nearly every program thrown against it. Since its 2002 summer premiere, "Idol" has transformed unknowns such as Kelly Clarkson and Carrie Underwood into bona fide pop music stars and routinely averaged over 20 million viewers -- in no small part because of Cowell's acid wit and often brutal frankness.
1600 Powell St. (at Green); (415) 989-2589. Dinner options are few and traditional, with simple Italian dishes like ravioli with ricotta and Parmesan. Great place to take kids for an alternative to fast food. Lunch, dinner daily. Rating: TWO STARS-- $$-- Noise Rating: THREE BELLS
​Frank’s is one of those late-night hangouts more memorable for the atmosphere than the food. Dig the church confessional-like wall panels, and the late-night cast of characters. The plain pizza has a nice crunch, but the cheese is average, and the sausage less than that. The red peppery Grandpa pizza, though, will get your attention any time of the day of night.
His bottom line was common among a growing number of Americans who have examined the reasons behind their reluctance: There is no valid reason, as a matter of civil rights and humanity, for denying the full rights and responsibilities of marriage to gays and lesbians.
Saturday was just the sixth time he has reached 24 points with Dallas and was his first 20-point playoff effort in 22 postseason game with the Mavs.
Geithner expressed support for China's plan to overhaul its financial system to increase support for private enterprise and reduce special treatment for state-owned companies. He said that reflects Beijing's recognition that it needs more on private sector innovation and has to allow more competition from foreign companies.
That was followed by wins against the Clippers and Kings before Saturday’s loss to the Blazers.
So tense have things gotten that White House adviser David Axelrod has had discussions with Fox News chairman, Roger Ailes, but to little avail.
“I’m just going to give them encouragement that I trust them and believe in them,” he said. “They can do the job. They will do the job.”
When to go: Select dates, beginning Feb. 11
The bank most notable in this region that saw its rating improve is Huntington Bank, the fifth-largest bank in Greater Cleveland with 8 percent of the local deposits. Huntington's rating went from "adequate" to "good," with its rating going from three stars, to 3.5.
Then followed one-handed free throws, half-speed ladder drills from the half-court line to the baseline, shuffle defensive drills and backpedals followed by bursts straight forward.
The father notified the teen's parents who found their son hanging.
And Rachel Manias, who ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Broadview Heights last year but perhaps is best known for openly questioning then-Cuyahoga County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora and his Democratic colleagues at meetings, is working closely with Gingrich's team.
"It really helped me," he says. "When I go in there I'm wired and sore, and when I leave that tank I'm absolutely calm. Spiritually, when I'm done I just feel closer to my maker, very peaceful and grateful. To me it's a real blessing."
"We think about it, but we are afraid," said Cruz, blue-eyed, with skin the color of milk chocolate. "The few times anyone has tried to organize, the government makes them disappear. The government is everywhere."
At his trial, Wilson wanted Superior Court Judge Robert Reed to allow him to tell jurors he grew the plants for his personal use to relieve the symptoms of multiple scleroris, including spasticity and stiffness — not to sell them. He also wanted Reed to allow an expert to testify about the medicinal benefits of the herb.
Before we get to the list, let me note the following honorable mentions: "North Country," "Tuck Everlasting," "Blast From The Past," "The River" and " ...'night, Mother."
FEAR OF CRIME
Dressed in a green beret, green velour leisure suit, with green earrings and long red fingernails, she circles the room to the beat of "When the Saints Go Marching In." Step, tap, step, tap.
To help pay for its ambitions, Google said Thursday that it will take on significant debt for the first time in its six years as a public company, even though it has $30 billion in cash. The company's board of directors approved a plan to borrow up to $3 billion.
James L. Callahan, 37, and Lisa L. Callahan, 48, were injured at about 4:40 p.m. Tuesday after crashing on Interstate 64, just west of Illinois Route 161.
“This was a game we needed to win and we’ve got to start winning our home games,” said McDonald. “He (Davis) actually had good stuff, I was impressed that he had a lot of life on his ball, more than I had expected.
Republican Cummings, a nurse and small business owner, previously planned to run for U.S. Senate. She's campaigning as a staunch anti-abortion candidate and a supporter of the Second Amendment right to bear arms. She wants to abolish the IRS and thinks smaller government is essential to the future growth and prosperity of America.
April 26, May 3, May 31, 11 a.m. Eden Mills Nature Center invites all who enjoy children's literature to listen to a story and participate in a nature-themed craft. Pre-registration is required. Call 410-836-3050 or email edenmillnaturecenter@gmail.com for more information.
I wrote a flora of Barro Colorado Island in the Panama Canal. As part of my research for that book, I regularly climbed trees. I climbed trees that appeared from the ground to be in flower but sometimes, after I climbed up into the canopy, I found myself in the wrong tree because the branches were so close together. Just as often, I spotted still another interesting species nearby that I had not seen from the ground. Usually it was easy to switch from one tree to the next by passing to an adjacent branch. I rarely went down the same way I went up, usually finding a simpler path down.
"You feel like you're losing your family when these guys leave," Harder said. "It's really tough. Nick was my right-hand man."
Police said they found dirty dishes on the counter of the apartment along with a partially smoked marijuana cigarette and clothing lying throughout. They found no baby food and no cleaning or hygiene supplies. The refrigerator contained little food and was contaminated with what appeared to be mold and a urine smell was noticed throughout the apartment, police said in the report.
She called the measure "hasty" since not all gambling venues, such as Arundel Mills Mall and in Baltimore City, haven't even opened yet.
"I think everybody had the same reaction: 'What just happened right there?' he said. "(Shagging fly balls) is just how he gets his exercise ... If I was half a good an outfielder as he is ..."
1 p.m. Anita Rosamond & Rich McDonough & the Big Bad Blues Boys
As William, Kenneth Dembo skillfully slips back and forth between the uncompromising authority of a watchful supervisor and the earnest, deeply felt care of a big brother when dealing with Blonde's Jeff. Dembo brings a thoughtful intensity to his presentation of William's struggle over how to respond to his brother's plight; his William is a man of depth and integrity quietly wrestling with the limits of truth.
Mustonen said Bob Cipriano had been with the 19,000-student district, one of the largest in the state, since 2000, after working in the business office of Oakwood Hospital.
"It was like going into a nightmare, but in a way you couldn't even imagine," he said.
After winning the event, Suhr took three, unsuccessful attempts at 16-4 ¾, which would have broken her own U.S. record.
Championship, Mobridge-Pollock (14-7) vs. Cheyenne-Eagle Butte (13-7), 7:30 p.m.
Flank steak is one of my favorite beef cuts to grill. It’s a lean, flavorful cut with almost no surface fat and takes well to a good marinade. We like it with a quick and easy grilled polenta.
Updated at 1:32 a.m. Wednesday
But some people have expressed concern over the turf’s "infill," which functions like dirt and is used to give the ground some cushion. Infill is usually made of tire crumb, or ground-up recycled car and truck tires. Though the substance looks pristine and requires little maintenance, some worry that athletes playing on these fields may be exposed to chemicals that may pose health risks.
The breezy conditions seemed to bother Djokovic more than they did Nadal, although the swirling winds were not as intense as Saturday.
Before Chrysler's bankruptcy, Spitzer and competing dealers worked out territory arrangements with Chrysler to divvy up the market south of Akron. The arbitration ruling called for Spitzer to make good on that 2008 deal.
OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- A person familiar with the injury says Baltimore Ravens star linebacker Terrell Suggs has torn his Achilles tendon while working out in Arizona and may miss the 2012 season.
They ignore or exacerbate the crisis they were elected to resolve — unemployment.
Tynan said "the bling" was her hottest accessory over the weekend.
Cutler may have proved he is far from being an elite postseason quarterback. True. Very true. But if he quit on the team, well . . . it just doesn't seem possible.
"This survey shows clear momentum in support of State Issue 2," said Jason Mauk, spokesman for Building a Better Ohio, the pro-SB5 group. "In just two months, the opposition's lead has been cut in half, despite millions of dollars being spent on misleading ads. Ohioans continue to show the more they learn about Issue 2, the more they like."
Existing state laws in the Sunshine State allow residents to carry concealed weapons.
The man reportedly ran back to the car, which took off west on Maple Street, and the witness called 9-1-1.
The motorcyclists were struck by Bisard's squad car while he was legally drunk, according to a blood test that was thrown out on a technicality. A second vial of blood, allowed by a judge as evidence for homicide not involving drunken driving, also has issues, this time with improper storage.
"It will soon become obvious the regime won't even implement the first clause of the agreement."
Rains said that if the verdict is overturned, it could mean a new trial -- and there's also the possibility that prosecutors would drop the case.
The company have now compiled with the request in a ''ritual'' removing of Charlie's image.
"Being part of this community gives us access not only to their facilities but also their instructors and students," Lichter said by email. "The intent is for this dynamic to bring depth to the dialogue around craft, and allow both sides to approach the subject from a new angle.”
Yes, it is, particularly now that the economy is as tight as it is. There are very few projects to bid, and more people bidding on things that were not necessarily their niche before.
"I think we're progressing," point guard Darren Collison said. "We've made some strides. Obviously we had some problems because we haven't really played with each other. I think after the last game we finally got it together and we started playing a lot better."
But despite all of this -- and the daunting playoff failures of the past -- the Blazers insist they have the killer instinct needed to keep fighting.
Aldyl-A pipe is especially failure prone when it is pressed against rocks or has been pinched off. DuPont issued warnings to utilities about the failure risk from its pre-1973 Aldyl-A starting in 1982.
A bleeding Pietrangelo briefly participated in the ensuing power play but soon disappeared into the runway and the Blues' locker room late in the second period. He didn't return, and he is expected to miss Game 2.
But the issue has been vexing to Congress, which has limited foreign policy options and has traditionally played a secondary role to the president. And Democrats are far more united in opposing Bush's war policy than in coalescing around an alternative.
Atchison at Sumner Academy
Said Virginia forward Mike Scott, who really was the difference: "We beat Maryland pretty bad at home and I told my teammates that they were going to come out swinging and they did. We took some punches, but I think we finally punched them back at the end."
• Emerick serves as Leach’s right-hand man -- Christian Caple, The Spokesman-Review: Emerick is encouraged by the reception the new staff has received from recruits, noting that WSU’s overall commitment to the football program – specifically the money invested in staff and facility upgrades – has recruits excited to check out Pullman. He said Leach’s primary emphasis will always be on recruiting offensive and defensive linemen, but that playing a skill position in Leach’s offense is a “special thing” and “a quarterback’s dream, a receiver’s dream.”
Just because saxophonist and composer Bill Crain's name doesn't show up often in gig announcements doesn't mean he isn't working night and day.
Yes, there was a trade of Nene after Denver management realized that giving him more than $60 million couldn't make the soft center care about basketball. Injuries, most notably to forward Danilo Gallinari, hurt the team's consistency.
The junior, athletically talented and with good speed, visited the Buffs on Junior Day recently with his father, Phillip Sr., and was thought to be one of the local targets for Embree.
3522 Blair Av, $9,000
At the Senate hearing, various lawmakers sought to impress on the administration their growing frustration with China over a number of trade issues from the country's currency policy to its failure to crack down on copyright piracy of American products and a new Chinese policy on industrial innovation which foreign companies fear will require them to share their technology development with the Chinese.
The men were vigilant about taking other measures to avoid getting caught, authorities said. They usually spoke only on pay phones or prepaid cell phones — which they bought with cash and typically discarded after any insider deal.
86: Myers with another cross, but this one is deflected away as well.
Many critics have questioned Dimora's decision to remain in office until the end of the year while facing 26 counts of corruption. He's pleaded not guilty and claims he hasn't done anything any other politician hasn't done.
At its annual shareholders meeting, Starbucks said it will expand into the rapidly expanding energy drink industry with a line of so-called “Refreshers” beverages in flavors such as raspberry pomegranate and orange melon. Made with fruit juice infused with the extract of green, unroasted coffee, the 12-fluid-ounce, 60-calorie drinks are already being sold at some grocery locations.
But when Chris Davis sent the first pitch he saw into the right field corner for a double, the ballpark air began to turn. Speedy Kyle Hudson was dispatched to pinch-run, as Nolan Reimold advanced to the plate. The entire crowd was standing and jawing, filling the night with adversarial chants. Nolan Reimold took two balls, then swung and missed twice, bringing the Red Sox one strike away from their 91st win. The ballpark rocked with anticipation. Then Reimold caught hold of a fastball and drove it to deep right-center. As it rose in a night sky still thick with moisture, it assumed a trajectory at which it became evident that it could not be caught. Pinch-runner Kyle Hudson, at the crack of the bat, raced for home. At midnight, Reimold's drive bounced over the fence for an automatic double. Tie game. Red Sox fans stared at the spot on the wall over which the ball had skipped with stunned disbelief, while heads in the Boston dugout collectively slumped forward against the rail. Orioles fans literally bounced in utter jubilation. Losing record notwithstanding, this was our playoff game.
As the raven flies, that remote campground is only a dozen miles from Briggs Camp, where Hilde was shot and killed -- and his wife, Sherl, severely wounded -- on a summer night in 2003.
"Food brings people together with a shared experience," said Galen.
Flanked by Saxo Bank team boss Bjarne Riis and his teammates during a news conference Thursday in Les Herbiers, Contador gave a curt answer to a question pertaining to the doping suspicions surrounding him, and whether he should be allowed to race.
The choice of ZIP codes "leads to a great dilution of any possible problems that would have arisen with the site," Criss said. "They've included ZIP codes that are way north of I-70."
May 5: California Native Plant Garden Tour is a self-guided tour of Orange County native plant gardens, sponsored by California Native Plant Society, Orange County Chapter. In some gardens, the landscape designer will be present to answer questions. 10 a.m.- 4 p.m. Free. Register on website and location list will be emailed to you. Or send a self-addressed stamped envelope to OC CNPS, PO Box 54891, Irvine CA 92619-4891, no later than May 1. 949-552-0691 or occnps.org
In documents filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Developers Diversified said that German investor Alexander Otto has indicated an interest in buying enough shares during the offering to maintain his proportionate ownership in the company. Developers Diversified shareholders approved a deal last year to sell nearly 30 percent of the company to Otto and his family.
At the front desk is the busybody title character, Beverly Wilkins (Cheryl Roy is comic perfection). Arriving perpetually late for work - in sensational spike heels and sexy little outfits - is Lorraine Taylor (the peerless Caroline Neff), who just can't make things work out with men. Looming somewhere in the shadows is a bland, middle-aged executive, Edward Raymond (an expertly fraught turn by Peter Esposito), who appears to have bungled an assignment quite badly. And paying a visit from the head office is Martin Dart (Peter Moore), the dashing married man who knows just how to engage with the flirtatious Lorraine. But nothing in this office is quite what it seems to be.
R, for brutal violent content, strong sexuality, graphic nudity and language. 158 minutes.
"You mentioned swamp cabbage. People used to go on a picnic and harvest on the spot. Can you describe how to harvest and enjoy? One article said swamp cabbage is the heart of the palmetto and sabal palm. Is that so?"
DeYoung's store operates on a "weigh and pay" system. Customers fill their containers with the amount of yogurt they want, cover it with their desired toppings (ranging from fresh fruit to Gummi Bears and crushed sandwich cookies), and then pay by weight.
A Facebook page that Adam Mayes was using under an alias confirmed by law enforcement showed several photos of him and the Bain girls. One picture depicts Mayes and two of the girls smiling, all leaning next to one another cheek to cheek. The Facebook page has since been taken down.
The French president, who faces a close runoff against Socialist challenger Francois Hollande on Sunday, listened for about 45 minutes and then pledged to meet Peugeot CEO Philippe Varin to support the union's call to secure jobs. He fulfilled that promise two days later, summoning Varin to Sarkozy's residence at Elysee Palace.
The city intends to wait until next year to install a street sign where Portz meets SOM Center Road. Why the holdup? Basically, it made some cents as Solon added the marker to a shopping list covered by future grant money. Records show that officials deemed the delay acceptable given that the street sign amounts to a "convenience factor."
CAIRO - As least 11 people were killed after assailants attacked protesters staging a sit-in near Egypt's Defense Ministry on Wednesday, sparking hours of clashes that threw the coming presidential election into disarray as at least five candidates announced the suspension of their campaigns to protest the deaths.
As for the second week of the season, Waterloo's schedule remains hard. The Bulldogs got a breather on Tuesday, slugging Cahokia 21-0 in four innings. But they play at New Athens (4-2) on Thursday and travel to Collinsville on Saturday to face the Kahoks and Rock Falls in a round robin.
Swinnen said there were succinct entries about meetings just before and after the massacre, including one in Belgrade on July
STUTTGART, Germany (AP) — Second-ranked Maria Sharapova cruised past top-ranked Victoria Azarenka 6-1, 6-4 on Sunday to win the Porsche Grand Prix for her first title of the year.
"I’m a true believer that anything can be improved,’’ said Charlie Wilson, owner of La Rustique Cafe in Jersey City, our pick for best margherita pizza in New Jersey.
July 14, 2007
SP Chris Carpenter
Don't count on it.
Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg, a Sacramento Democrat and one of the more thoughtful leaders in the Capitol, has made initiative reform one of his missions in his final term.
Loudon Wainwright III: 8 p.m. The Ark, 316 S. Main, Ann Arbor. 734-761-1451. $20.
While the department prepares for life with fewer officers, a proposal to confirm Lt. Ismael Rivera as the city police director was pulled from the docket at last night’s council meeting.
The calories and other nutrients absorbed from brines vary and are difficult to estimate. Variables include the type of food, brining time and amount of surface area. Therefore, the brine is not included in this analysis.
Hayes Street Grill: 320 Hayes St. (near Franklin Street), San Francisco; (415) 863-5545. Daily-changing menu focuses on high-quality fish and seasonal ingredients, but preparations can lack excitement. Excellent fries. -- M.M. Lunch weekdays, dinner nightly.
"We knew it would be a tough game and chances could be it would go into overtime," Sagastume said. "That was just on a set play on a free kick, and we knew they would probably mark (Morales) and leave the freshman alone. And that's how it happened."
The triumvirate behind popular San Francisco restaurants Town Hall, Salt House and Anchor & Hope have crossed the bridge for their fourth Bay Area project.
A similar lawsuit filed in Miami is seeking more than $500 million in damages on behalf of dozens of plaintiffs.
1987: The Miami Herald said its reporters had observed a young woman spending "Friday night and most of Saturday" at a Washington townhouse belonging to Democratic presidential candidate Gary Hart. (The woman was later identified as Donna Rice; the scandal torpedoed Hart's presidential bid.)
"The ACLU was able to get the TRU-ID program stopped on a technicality," ACLU-NJ executive director Deborah Jacobs said today during a news conference at the organization’s headquarters in Newark. "It’s a technicality called democracy."
recognition of his continual professional development.
President of baseball operations Andy MacPhail confirmed that Davis will rejoin the team after rehabbing his sore shoulder. The Orioles will call up Clay Rapada, Josh Bell, Jeremy Accardo and Pedro Florimon, Jr.
At the same time, workers and their supervisors say, families have faced more challenges since the recession took hold, from poverty to substance abuse and untreated mental illness. Sweeping program reductions to close budget deficits, beginning in 2008, have reduced or eliminated services that helped families remain stable.
One more loss, writes Bennett, the Cavaliers tie the record set by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers who lost the first 26 games of their existence in 1976 and '77.
The yield on the five-year Treasury hit an all-time low of 0.76 percent. The yield on the 10-year note sank to 1.95 percent. The 10-year yield had been 2.02 percent just before the Fed made its announcement around 12:30 p.m. EST.
But given his strange priorities, don’t count on seeing the mouse-chasers deployed to the scenes of actual catastrophes any time soon.
Even then, the Coast Guard cutter couldn't get close to the wrecked boat. A Coast Guard helicopter took two survivors off, and an Air National Guard chopper got the third survivor. "A fantastic job," Teagle says. "Right off the cliff face."
"I'm quite confident that this announce team will not only be every bit as intelligent, as thoughtful, as insightful as we've had in the past, but they're flat out going to be more fun,'' Drake said. "And when you have three guys who genuinely like each other, and there's a mutual respect and knowledge of where they've come from ... really fun things happen.
Not surprisingly, many of the politicians who get big checks from the power companies are OK with that.
Hey, Matthew: Success would be 2-3 or better. As for the games moving too fast for Shurmur, I would simply say he is rookie head coach learning something every week.
He said he met Russo in 1999 at a fundraiser. He said he later met Dimora.
Hours before it was scheduled to go into effect on July 29, 2010, Arizona federal Judge Susan Bolton stopped it.
Ten years after winning the school's only softball national championship, Cal coach Diane Ninemire has what she says is her most talented team.
Rival Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton was aghast that Obama would talk about encroaching on an ally. Later, John McCain, then the Republican candidate for president, scolded Obama for telegraphing his intentions. Both Clinton and McCain had legitimate points about not antagonizing a putative ally, but Obama had a better point about doing what needs to be done to achieve a military goal.
Well, I can dream.
Chick's Sporting Goods 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
"Our goal is to take the time to find out all that is going on with the patient, whether there are emotional issues, whether the children are in trouble," Hurd said.
“So we’re in the backyard one day — and they never climb in this car together, ever —and here they are,” Brian says excitedly.
"To measure this in dollars and cents diminishes the true costs of these efforts," she said. "There is simply no way to calculate the hours or the emotion that staff members and volunteers have given to preventing child abuse or to put a value on the personal costs -- the programs set aside, the energy, the emotion and the grief all of us have felt."
5. Soriano LF
NFL Players Association executive director DeMaurice Smith, in a statement, said the union had not received "specific evidence from the league of these specific players' involvement in the alleged pay-to-injure program."
In addition to Northstar Mountainside Residences in North Lake Tahoe, East West Partners has developments in Vail, Colo.; Summit County, Colo.; downtown Denver; Utah's Deer Valley; and Charleston, S.C. East West Partners is also developing 25 custom home sites on the slopes in Tahoe.
Ryan Garbs joined the Army in July 2005, just a few months after he graduated from Edwardsville High School. He participated in soccer and baseball, but family members said he did not like school and had no intention of attending college.
Many travelers have heard of Banaue in Ifugao province, the Philippines, home of the rice terraces often dubbed the "eighth wonder of the world." Few have heard of Mountain province, Ifugao's northern neighbor. The people of Bontoc were the friendliest and most hospitable in the Philippines, a country noted for hospitality. Sagada was home to the noted photographer Eduardo Masferre. Be sure to visit Sagada Weaving and the caves. One cave has a pool that's completely dark, yet safe for swimming. Another cave has a unique entrance -- hundreds of caskets line the walls.
She eventually returned to Southern California, where she earned a degree at USC and began teaching at Whittier High. About that time, she met Nixon, whose love letters to her, also on display, reveal a tender side we don't often associate with the 37th president. They married in 1940.
Yet the district is still unsure of where it will get all of the money to make the changes. Proposition S, a $155 million bond measure approved by voters last summer, will provide about $9 million needed to renovate classrooms so they comply with state licensing standards for early child care programs.
Authorities asked anyone with information to call the FBI tip line at 314-589-2500 or the St. Louis CrimeStoppers tip line at 1-866-371-8477.
Gundel had always enjoyed working. But when the economy turned bad, a good job in market research gave way to a lesser-paying one as a waitress.
Q: What are Americans looking for in cars now?
"There is a faction of kids who believe that they are enemies with the students at Emma Donnan," Garner said. "Now you are telling them that we are going to be mixed in with students who are our sworn enemy."
"Before you could get a job and they would say, 'I'll get someone to train you,' " Miburo said. "Now you have to take an English test before you get the job."
The West Linn-Wilsonville school board officially will approve its policy in October.
"Those are big shoes to fill," Eisenbeis said.
Gary Moore spent 10 months teaching English in Shanghai in 1988-’89, leaving the country right after the riots in Tiananmen Square. The bloody event is mentioned in “Burning in China” — his autobiographical solo show now playing the Fringe — but doesn’t register all that much.
In November, when she called the bank to ask about letters she received threatening foreclosure, she was told that she was actually ahead on her payments, according to the lawsuit. But the next month, she received four separate foreclosure notices, each giving a different figure as her monthly payment amount.
And Rick Santorum spoke to “the timidness of this president.” He claimed that Obama has failed to stand up to Iran and predicted a “cataclysmic situation” if Obama is not replaced in the White House.
The median home price in Oakland hasrisen 128 percent since 1999, the year Brown took office, while mortgage rates have hovered between 5.27 and 7.
Meanwhile, the Yankees are so short on catchers that they may call-up prospect Austin Romine to add depth. Starter Russell Martin left tonight's 6-0 loss to the Los Angeles Angels after he took a foul ball off his right hand. Veteran Jorge Posada caught for the first time all season, picking up for Martin in the third inning, but Girardi said he will likely not catch tomorrow.
They had more to cheer when Gibson hit a jumper, pumping his fist, and two free throws to get the lead 71-58. And they were really screaming moments later when guard Ronnie Brewer blocked Elton Brand on a putback.
As for tomorrow's game, the Blazers seemed ready to play a contest with actual meaning after a month of practices and preseason games.
"At that time, you weren't allowed to say 'roll' because it was considered vulgar. So when Georgia Gibbs did her version, she renamed it 'Dance With Me, Henry' and it went to No. 1 on the pop charts," the singer recalled. The Gibbs song was one of several in the early rock era when white singers got hits by covering songs by black artists, often with sanitized lyrics.
To the fat in the pan, add another tablespoon of olive oil and saute the celery and onion until softened; add to the sausage. Saute the cremini mushrooms in one more tablespoon olive oil until they brown, adding more olive oil as needed to prevent burning. Add wine and stir until wine is evaporated; add to the sausage.
When one person clutters an area with signs, others often follow, creating "a snowball effect," said Keith Scott, president and CEO of the Baltimore County Chamber of Commerce.
The Federal Aviation Administration said it encouraged the city to buy the land as soon as word spread that the Ford plant was closing. But around that time, the airport was in the midst of or completing huge projects including building a fifth runway, new tower, and international terminal.
"If a bear stumbles upon me, he’s going to have a bad day," Washer said.
"Parrots don't make good pets," she said. "It's the truth — it's a wild animal kept in a cage. They're never domesticated. The ideal place for them should be in a rain forest."
"That can carry him on to 10 or 15 years of dominance."
There's a guy in the truly exclusive Los Ranchos Estates area, a venture capitalist, the kind of guy who buys a well-known brewery just to have something to play around with, who is as down-to-earth as my Uncle Elmo. He opens his home to charity events all the time.
Hotel manager Paul Zuest found Humm cooking in Switzerland; the fact that he didn't speak English well and had never been out of Switzerland didn't seem to interfere with his cooking ability. Inspired by local ingredients, he has transformed his classic style and now cooks in a lighter California vein.
Weehawken: $213,001
St. George Spirits: 2601 Monarch St., Alameda. St. George Single Malt Whiskey is aged a minimum of nine years and is in its 11th year. 510-769-1601. www.stgeorgespirits.com.
Having recently released a deluxe edition of his most-loved non-Beatles album, “Band on the Run” (1973), McCartney performed four songs from it: “Jet,” “Let Me Roll It,” “Nineteen Hundred and Eighty-Five” and the title track. “Let Me Roll It,” which had a bit of psychedelic-rock flavor and segued into a brief jam on Jimi Hendrix’s
In the vicious inventory of violent deaths, Russell “Rusty” Sneiderman’s slaying stands apart. How many men are killed dropping a child off at day care? How many victims have an MBA from Harvard?
Both are cornerbacks (Marable was moved there from running back last season) and both returned kicks.
"I’m no good at being noble."
This weekend’s announcement of the withdrawal of our ambassador from Damascus underlines a strange phenomenon: Overseas ambassadors sometimes manage to make lemonade out of President Obama’s foreign-policy lemons.
"I think there's a high probability they'll both go in," Trotz said. "I think they're motivated. There's some guys I thought that didn't bring their best game (Friday) and therefore I think there will be a couple of changes."
The board's most pointed questions were for Caesars. The company's executives asserted that Spectrum consultant Steven Ingis' testimony on Wednesday was "inaccurate" but did admit to having some financial difficulties that were being addressed.
Not every indie developer is wonderfully responsive. It’s hit or miss. But there are real people behind your software, and you can actually communicate with them.
"Who likes to cook?" Sulaiman asked students Wednesday as they crowded around the giant stock pots for making soup and boiling vegetables. Many hands shot up. Sulaiman briefly explained the variety of roles for the kitchen workers who keep things cooking.
The governor touched on the stadium's other main stumbling block -- how a public subsidy package would help pay for it -- but reiterated Wednesday that allowing electronic pulltabs in Minnesota's bars could raise more than enough money without drawing the ire of Indian tribes, who operate the state's casinos and generally oppose any expansion of gambling.
Porn is, of course, widely available on the Internet and, believe it or not, there are even porn apps for phones. All of this puts parents and guardians in a position of having to think about a subject that may be way off their personal radar and then figure out how to protect their kids from exposure -- if the tools to do so even exist.
"Small businesses haven't even tapped their open lines of credit," Merski says. "I hear from community bankers saying, 'I wish I had loan demand."
George Wallace, who works on seabirds and island birds at the American Bird Conservancy, said the nene's prospects are so good they may move out of the endangered category.
3001 Kemp Av, $16,100
Fannie and Freddie have more influence over the housing market than any other financial institutions because they own or guarantee more than half the mortgages in the United States. They've rejected write-downs — also known as "principal forgiveness" — at the insistence of regulator Edward J. DeMarco, acting director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency. DeMarco told a Senate panel Tuesday that he prefers giving troubled borrowers a temporary reprieve from paying interest on a portion of their loans — also known as "principal forbearance" — because it would be less costly for Fannie, Freddie and the taxpayers who are bailing them out.
Where to find it: Lukas Liquors, 15921 Manchester Road, Ellisville
In the wake of the reports, legislators vowed swift action. State Sens. Richard Codey (D-Essex) and Loretta Weinberg (D-Bergen) said they would schedule a hearing on the issue before the Senate health committee next month.
“...It is important to track down the individual or individuals responsible for defacing the City Park, as this affects all the residents and visitors who value and enjoy this community asset.”
John Lamping, the Republican candidate for state senator from the 24th District, had no opposition in the Aug. 3 primary. His campaign finance report shows the advantage of no competition that he brings to the Nov. 2 election campaign.
"It doesn't really matter to me," Hu said of the midnight opening. "If there's a good deal, it doesn't matter to me what time it's at. And it's for the kids."
Bernsen said they are still trying to work out a compromise for mug shots and plan further conversations.
Lisa Lynn Mederos, 47, had been seeing J.T. Ready for about two years, according to Mederos' ex-husband, Hugo, an airline mechanic who now lives in Tampa. Lisa was a homemaker, and Hugo still paid spousal support, and she and Ready lived in a house owned by Hugo. Hugo said he had no idea of what went on in the house or their relationship. He had only met Ready once, but he said that Lisa had a lot of friends and was a good mother to her two daughters. One of Lisa's neighbors said that she was a stay-at-home grandmother with baby Lilly.
This week: Hosts Wisconsin (16-16-2) Friday, Saturday and Sunday (if necessary) in Western Collegiate Hockey Association first-round playoff series
He will be honored at the Tribeca Performing Arts Center, 199 Chambers St., New York, Thursday at 8 p.m., in an all-star concert featuring pianist George Cables, bassist Buster Williams, trombonist Robin Eubanks, trumpeter Jeremy Pelt, and Montclair’s Billy Hart on drums. Imaginative vocalist Tessa Souter will also perform with guitarist Gene Bertoncini, bassist Sean Smith and drummer Willard Dyson. $37.50 or $40; visit tribecapac.org.
The 1999 British Open champion, ranked 43rd in the world, automatically qualified for the June event at the Olympic Club in San Francisco.
But Raymond Tindell, the attorney who represented Erazo on his appeal, said Reitz repeatedly put herself in contact with Erazo by choosing to shop at the same outlet store.
No other league has a crazy uncle like the Raiders' Al Davis locked away in the attic until he somehow escapes long enough to fire another coach or to make JaMarcus Russell the latest quarterback to fail his audition as Daryle Lamonica.
DeLong was hired by Portland police in 1984 at age 22, and began working a busy beat along what was then Union Avenue, now Northeast Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard, between Ainsworth and Alberta.
Chase Headley: "September call-ups. We should limit the number of guys they bring up or at least designate a certain amount of guys who can play in a game. You play under one set of rules an entire season, then in September when you're playing the most important games, a team with an advanced farm system or advanced arms has a huge advantage.
Administration officials say they are confident the entire law will be upheld by the Supreme Court and there is no planning to address what would happen if all or parts of it are struck down. Sharp questioning by the court's conservative justices during public arguments has led many to speculate that at least parts of the law will be struck.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich quickly agreed, saying that if all other steps failed, "you have to take whatever steps are necessary" to prevent the Islamic regime from gaining a nuclear weapon.
5:35: Wizard Rifle
"It was way too big," Tebow said. "My dad did it for misery. It was like a half-acre garden. It was ridiculous to work in that."
Piet Boon has a new look for north Scottsdale homes.
7. Tottenville (10-2-3) (7)
About 47 percent of deer hunters filled their tags in 2011, harvesting about 33,200 animals. The figure comes in about 1,500 shy of the 34,768 harvested in 2010, with the total number of hunters decreasing by more than 2,000 at 76,445. Still, the demand for deer hunting remained strong as almost all licenses sold.
If it is good enough for the masses, then it is good enough for the fat cats.
Yet experts say the so-called lifestyle disease linked to weight and lack of exercise can be prevented for many -- if detected early enough.
"As tough as it is, he's ready to pay the price," Gagen said.
The museum has welcomed its first Native American board member, Larry Banegas, a former tribal council member of Barona Band of Mission Indians. "Ramp It Up" has obvious ties to Native American culture. And today's skateboard deck is tomorrow's artifact.
Tupper Hull, a spokesman for the Western States Petroleum Assn., said his trade organization already encourages oil companies to post fracking operations on the national registry and was working with lawmakers on disclosure legislation.
Suffolk County's police commissioner, Richard Dormer, has said, however, that he believes Gilbert's death may have been accidental, and unconnected to the others. The location of her remains suggests that she was trying to slog her way through the marsh to get to a road, because exhausted or trapped in the muck, and drowned.
“If I were to credit any incentive with helping us start this business, it is the New Jersey Energy Master Plan and the solar credit,” said Trellis, who previously worked at an environmental hedge fund. “New Jersey’s commitment to drive solar growth in the state is very forward thinking, it is an aggressive, exciting plan.”
The alleged sexual contact occurred between June 1 and Aug. 31 of last year, police said. Investigators say they don't believe any sexual contact occurred on high school property. Police believe the contact was consensual.
LightSquared almost tripled spending on U.S. lobbying as the telecommunications company backed by billionaire Philip Falcone fought to keep regulators from killing its planned nationwide wireless network.
2. Oil the cord thoroughly. (Use gloves to avoid greasy fingers.)
More on the planetary scale is the 2011 public work that sits outside the Lorain Road RTA station in Ohio City. The eight-foot, 3000-pound sphere titled "They Have Landed" is designed to look out of place in its surroundings.
Several students said the college used its mobile phone alert system to notify students about what had happened, but not until at least an hour after the person who allegedly made the threats was in custody.
In 2005, a group of Mexican workers complained to their own government, alleging that U.S. authorities had failed to enforce even the most basic employment rights of those in America on visas.
The Wigwam, nearly 20 miles west of downtown Phoenix, is the West Valley's only resort and among the Valley's oldest. It opened in 1929 when guests were given their room key and a horse to travel the sprawling grounds, a resort spokeswoman said.
The council resisted.
He'll talk like a pirate, but Hugh Grant is glad he didn't have to look like one.
After a couple more paragraphs, he concluded, "I urge all Ohioans to stand up to this unfair attack on public workers. This November, I will vote NO on Issue 2. I urge you to join me... Vote NO on State Issue 2."
Symptoms can include dry eyes, dry mouth, painful joints and fatigue. The disease typically begins to affect women in their forties and fifties, said Carsons, who also sits on the Sjogren's Syndrome Foundation national board of directors.
Some 88,726 came to watch this game, the majority of them pulling for a USC upset of the No. 1 team in the AP poll. And after the game, as I walked from the locker room, up the stadium stairs to the press box, I scanned the ground and saw colorful confetti in nearly every row.
Monmouth Park, which runs live racing from mid-May until Labor Day, employs approximately 1,600 people at the height of the season and pays $1.84 million annually in property taxes to Oceanport.
While caring for his three boys, Aaron Fulbright looks for work and tries to ensure that his sons are in school every day. Fulbright hopes to obtain his GED.
The Newspaper Guild has been without a contract since March 31, 2011. The Guild said that in talks the company has been pushing to freeze pension benefits.
Arriving officers contacted Meiers and determined he was heavily intoxicated, police said.
We'd like an app that sends an "awkward confrontation" alert when an ex-boyfriend is within a one-mile radius.
But sharing services is not a catch-all, experts warn. Several hurdles can hamper the process, and it often takes years to reap the benefits of joining forces.
A home energy auditor can comprehensively assess how much energy your home uses and evaluate the measures you can take to improve its efficiency.
has been down this road before. At Liberty-Eylau High School in Texarkana, Texas, James dislocated the same elbow and returned for the following game as a junior in 2006.
Davis Bakery & Co., 12001 Avalon Lake Drive, Suite G, Orlando, and the Winter Park Farmer's Market (at New York and New England Avenues); 407-207-0205 or davisbakeryandcompany.com
Q: How did the young cornerbacks look? I'm sure you were disappointed in not having Jered Bell (ACL tear in first week of August) on the field.
The judge is requiring the starlet to report on her progress monthly and it appears Lohan has been successful in meeting the goals of Wednesday's hearing.
Traffic restrictions can be expected as workers prepare to move utility lines between Sycamore Street and Mesa Drive.
On the Republican side, the candidates are Falk Engel, Colette Coolbaugh and Kyle Collins.
Of the 39 outbreaks caused by foreign food (which caused 2,348 illnesses) from 2005 to 2010, 17 of them happened in 2009 and 2010, according to the report. Bad fish caused 17 outbreaks; spices were responsible for six.
The Kings' Jonathan Quick was terrific in goal and Brad Richardson, who missed the first three games of the series after an emergency appendectomy, sent the game into overtime with his third-period tally.
The two companies also agreed to maintain Constellation's annual charitable giving of about $10 million for at least 10 years.
"That's what made Saturday and Sunday so overwhelming. I actually feel like it is important to the community that we are there."
WIGGINS — Jourdan Hottinger rushed for 367 yards and four touchdowns and passed for 130 yards and two more, leading 1A's sixth-ranked Rams over the No. 7 Tigers in a Metro North League game.
A chatty, silver-haired well-wisher was in the judge's ear and didn't appear to be in any hurry to shove off. So I sipped my coffee, studied my census form, and waited impatiently.
Under the new law, consumers can still redeem the gift cards after the state takes the money, and businesses that sell less than $250,000 in gift cards are exempt. The law was scheduled to take effect Nov. 15.
"That kid's a nice pitcher," North coach Bob Dunahue said. "And he is a pitcher. He was in and out, up and down all day long, changing speeds. We couldn't square anything up and when we did we hit it right at them. They played really good defense."
The lunging, over-aggressive action by Smith to obliterate the guy in front of him gets Smith off-balance and gives the defender a free path to the quarterback. To illustrate the point, Boudreau has broken out tape of former Rams great Orlando Pace. Pace would set up in his pass-blocking stance, wait for the pass-rusher to get to him, and then lock-on. At that point it was over for the defender; he had no chance.
"That tent went 40 feet in the air and landed on top of the railroad tracks," Randall said. "And in that five seconds, I had 50 people on the ground."
Yawger and Flynn then conducted a second lineup, which included Denham, McCarthy and four other men, one of them a detective. Three of Koschman's friends identified either Denham or McCarthy as being at the scene. No one else could "positively identify anyone."
6229 Plymouth Av, $18,000
Universal and Focus are owned by NBC Universal, a unit of Comcast Corp.; Sony, Columbia, Sony Screen Gems and Sony Pictures Classics are units of Sony Corp.; Paramount is owned by Viacom Inc.; Disney, Pixar and Marvel are owned by The Walt Disney Co.; Miramax is owned by Filmyard Holdings LLC; 20th Century Fox and Fox Searchlight are owned by News Corp.; Warner Bros. and New Line are units of Time Warner Inc.; MGM is owned by a group of former creditors including Highland Capital, Anchorage Advisors and Carl Icahn; Lionsgate is owned by Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.; IFC is owned by AMC Networks Inc.; Rogue is owned by Relativity Media LLC.
"We are really looking forward to tasting that," hotel general manager Terry Dunbar said.
He’s working on finding an international spot for Golden State guard Stephen Curry, who expressed an immediate desire to head overseas after NBA players rejected the NBA’s latest collective bargaining offer Monday and dissolved their union.
have my two front teeth,
Heavy meal: Someone got a taste of the Ridge Road median.
Kapaun took down Carroll 45-34.
(7:34:54 PM): David Douglas 14, Centennial 14, end of 1st Q
Lindsay Elizabeth Hayburn*
Third Annual Hamtramck Health Hike: Hosted by the Hamtramck Drug Free Community Coalition in conjunction with Hamtramck Public Schools and the Hamtramck Recreation Center. With keynote speaker Martha G. Scott, Wayne County commissioner. Keyworth Stadium, 3201 Roosevelt, Hamtramck. 313-733-4535. Registration begins at 9:30 a.m. Participants will receive a complimentary T-shirt before the 5k walk. Activities at Keyworth Stadium follow.
When: 10:30 p.m. Friday, April 13.
The all-depth seasons are:
Which roadway is the worst in Northeast Ohio? More than 140 nominations were submitted in The Plain Dealer's Roughest Road contest, and Road Rant columnist John Horton spent two days bumping over the candidates before selecting 10 finalists.
Cooper chalked the incident up to the emotions of the game.
In a country where King Louis XIV's phrase "L'Etat, c'est moi" — "I am the state" — resonated for later heads of state, the message from Sarkozy was clear: Tradition-bound France needed a self-image makeover.
George Huguely V's sentencing date was scheduled Monday in Charlottesville Circuit Court, according to the clerk's office. The Chevy Chase, Md., man was found guilty of second-degree murder in February for the slaying of Yeardley Love in May 2010.
The reason they haven't is because they've been persuaded that it isn't in their interest to do so, since the effort would carry far more costs than benefits and it wouldn't make them any safer. That's something Iran's leaders apparently have failed to grasp up to now, but Mr. Obama is right to keep ratcheting up the diplomatic and economic pressure and hope they get the point.
Monday morning, Lincoln’s two-way lineman verbally committed to new coach Charley Molnar and the freshly minted Division I-A program of the Mid-American Conference (MAC), picking the Minutemen over Buffalo, Fordham and Maine.
Both face a preliminary exam May 23 on charges of first degree murder, attempted murder and armed robbery. If convicted, they face life in prison without parole. Staff reporter Mike Brookbank contributed to this story.
Courtney, who is in his mid-40s, had a simple reason for going into business for himself.
Jerry Clinton never got to own a football team, but his determination helped bring the Rams to St. Louis and a $260 million stadium to play in after the Cardinals left town.
BELGRADE, Serbia — Serbs are voting to choose a president, a Parliament and local authorities, with the country's pro-European Union government facing a strong challenge from nationalists promising jobs and a battle against corruption.
DirectEmployers' software will automatically code such listings to make them easily searchable by city or occupation. The association also will sort the listings in as many as 30,000 regional ".job" Web addresses it hopes to begin rolling out in March, such as "atlanta.jobs." That will help people search for jobs in specific places. The group hopes to add thousands of occupational domain names, such as "engineer.jobs," later this year.
Most important, the kids got smarter, with minority children making the biggest gains. And those gains are real.
øIt has happened many times internationally. Yugoslavian and Croatian great Drazen Petrovic, who also starrred in the NBA, scored 112 points for Cibona Zagreb against Smelt Olimpija Oct. 5, 1985.
The move is expected to enable the city to absorb annual cost increases for solid waste and recycling services under a contract with Waste Management.
It was in search of prewar Jewish Budapest that we visited the vast and spectacularly ornate Dohany Street Synagogue. Built in the 1850s, this Moorish-style complex is where Joseph married Edie's mother, Louise. Next door at the Hungarian Jewish Archives Family Research Center (www.milev.hu), we made inquiries about the family's fate, but a search of Jewish community records turned up no new information. In early 1945, the bodies of 2,281 Jews, most of them unidentified, were buried in 24 mass graves in the synagogue's tranquil, ivy-covered courtyard. Perhaps, we thought (and hoped), this is where they lie, shaded by weeping white mulberry trees.
“Then I landed the perfect right hand and it was over.”
Former Vikings wide receiver Cris Carter, an ESPN analyst, said on an ESPN radio show ("Hill and Schlereth") Tuesday that he put cash bounties on opposing players during his career in order to protect himself. Carter tried to clarify Wednesday on ESPN's SportsCenter, saying the intent was never to get a player injured.
Jacksonville ... 7-6 ... Indianapolis, at New England, at Cleveland
But Hassan Abdullah, Contreras’ attorney, offered a different take.
Crude has traded between $100 and $110 for most of this year as the U.S. economy improved more than expected but crude demand remained weak.
I voted for this version of the health care bill, and it passed in committee. It was a compromise, but a reasonable one. However, the version of the bill that reached the House floor was considerably watered down. It had a severely weakened public option and the employee-retirement waiver had been stripped. It no longer constituted an incremental step forward that would provide relief to my constituents, so I could not support it. The version of the bill that passed the Senate was even worse.
"I've never understood the difference in playing early or late," Milan vice president Adriano Galliani said. "In the end, you need to win and that's all."
Naftalis couldn't be reached for comment.
Under cap-and-trade, the U.S. government would set a limit, or cap, on greenhouse gas emissions. Then it would allocate or sell pollution credits to utilities, industries and others included in the plan, based on their historic releases minus a share of the reduction goal.
A spokesman for Taylor, who is running for lieutenant governor, said the corruption probe has prevented the office from completing the audits, which would have been released already under normal circumstances.
Now Lambert tells fans that ABC has canceled his performance on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” and an appearance on its New Year’s Eve show. But don’t blame them, Lambert says via Twitter. “It’s the FCC heat ... It’ll all blow over. Let’s focus on being positive!”
The answer turns out to be a surprising and unqualified yes. In a 90-minute monologue with music at the Deron School in Montclair, Hoffman makes his lack of household-name recognition beside the point. What he offers instead is up a non-stop display of enthusiasm, a terrific delivery with jokes and an amusing way with a song.
By shortly after 10 p.m. a Phoenix Fire helicopter was being readied to fly the riverbed and use Forward Looking Infrared equipment to spot people in possible danger. Also, more than 60 Maricopa County Sheriffs Office, Tempe, Scottsdale, Phoenix and Goodyear officers and fire fighters responded, many walking the riverbanks and parts of the river bottom looking for people who might be sleeping there, particularly homeless people who sometimes seek shelter in the river bed.
Lisa P. Jackson is the administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. She wrote this for the Los Angeles Times (McClatchy-Tribune).
The Sierra Club of Georgia on Monday announced its opposition to the regional transportation referendum slated for this summer, launching a broadside at what could be the referendum's core constituency and highlighting deep disagreements roiling transit advocates over the vote.
The U.S. government sued the two key figures in the CalPERS bribery scandal Monday, targeting the pension fund's former chief executive and a businessman who earned millions in finder's fees from CalPERS investment deals.
What's true for natural gas is true for clean energy. Thanks to federal investments, renewable energy use has nearly doubled over the past three years. I will not walk away from these jobs or cede these industries to other countries. We have subsidized oil companies for a century. It's time to end those taxpayer giveaways and double down on the American clean energy industry.
The other main contaminant is TCE that spilled from a storage tank west of the plant.
First of all, you need to be aware of the possibility that the date could go so well it leads to something else afterwards, if you know what I mean. There are certain foods, like wings, that wreak havoc on your digestive system and makes things like hooking up a little risky. Look, when you’re on a date, whether it’s your first date or your wife, you’ve got to make sure your body is ready to go. You can’t be too full. You can’t be too smelly, in either hole — your pucker or your tail end. You can’t feel bloated or overtired from being too full. Save risky meals for when you’re having your buddies over to watch a game or the days you and your partner mutually agree to be gluttonous fat pigs together. When you’re out on a date and hooking up is a goal, you must eat accordingly.
Second Home organizers hope students will stay in the program long enough to graduate from high school. After that, they will sit down with their home provider to decide next steps, whether that means extending the agreement or moving on.
I've written about 75 of these columns in the Register over the last year and a half. Under the title "God, Religion and You," we've covered a wide variety of topics. Some have been detailed discussions of a Biblical verse. Some columns have discussed theology -- the meaning of God, and how God works in the world. And others have discussed the boundary where religion meets politics and government.
of Science and Technology has been named interim chancellor of the school in Rolla.
"The addition will allow us to house considerably more people," he said. "Right now, we can conveniently seat only about 35 and should be able to house 75 to 80 in the addition."
With enthusiastic support from Los Angeles park and tourism officials, Great City Attractions is seeking permission to operate a 200-foot-tall mechanical ride just west of the Venice Beach boardwalk at Windward Avenue. The attraction would consist of 42 enclosed, air-conditioned "capsules," each capable of accommodating eight people.
"I'm not angry at them,'' Neuen said. "I really did enjoy my 10 years there and am heartbroken.''
-- Advisory: Sex scenes, adult subject matter, strong language.
Imagine if we could do for diversity what we did for sports. Imagine if we could be the most welcoming city and region in the country.
In 2009-10, 622 men and 501 women were Buckeye athletes.
Adam Michael Monticelli, a 33-year-old senior master sergeant in the elite 125th Special Tactics Squadron, faces three charges of theft of government property. A federal grand jury returned the indictment (PDF) last week and it was unsealed today.
When women are in a transitional phase, he suggests a wrap-style top or dress, which basically adjusts itself to changes in your body. (It's his must-have pick for all women, actually.)
The trio took orders at book fairs and through word of mouth as one Spanish teacher would tell another. Marketing hasn't been necessary.
The sale is set to close April 30. If the deal closes as scheduled, the Dodgers would play their first home game under the new ownership of Guggenheim Baseball on May 7, against the rival San Francisco Giants.
To order subscription concerts call 314-533-9900 or go to
Launched in December with $3.5 million in funding led by Mayfield Fund, Menlo Park's Poshmark allows iPhone users to download its mobile app, snap images of clothing and accessories, and quickly post them for others to like, comment on, share on social networks or buy.
In this economy, that's "remarkable," said Dan Wandel, senior vice president at IRI. "The craft beer segment has a lot of momentum."
Then, in November, an email arrived inviting him to attend skeleton tryouts.
These experts look at items in their social, economic and historic settings; they have the broad exposure to understand and explain a good piece versus a great piece versus a masterpiece.
Nangle said he was enthusiastic about making the move.
“So now we’re getting down to brass tacks and it’s time to make some decisions,” he said.
The 5-foot-5, 140-pound Nimo, a two-time all-state player and a 2007 Parade magazine high school All-American, spurned college scholarship offers from programs including North Carolina and the University of Portland to turn professional.
"He did some light, light workouts - never got his heart-rate too high - and some of the symptoms, a little fatigue, set in," Armstrong said.
If they do an especially good job of it, they can make money selling pollution allowances they don't need to other companies whose plants run dirtier.
Karabas said it was a "judgment call" by the officers investigating the July accident on whether to check Burke's blood-alcohol level.
Also on Thursday, representatives from Occupy LA sought a temporary restraining order to prevent police from dismantling their encampment around City Hall without notice, the Los Angeles Times reported.
"Not a chance," he said. "We are who we are. I've said it all along, I like the hockey club. I like the way we handled ourselves (Saturday) night. We didn't get it done, but we're not changing. I'll tell you right now, we're not adjusting. We're going to go play."
In all, the CVC came up with a hard-nosed, pragmatic proposal, long on nuts-and-bolts and short on razzmatazz. In the end, the fixed-up Edward Jones Dome (if that's still what it's called in 2014; the naming rights deal expires in March 2014) would be to, say, the $1.2 billion Cowboys Stadium in Dallas what a nice used Cadillac is to a Lamborghini.
That made the work of growing food real.
The Centers for Disease Control has funded the initiative through the John C. Lincoln Health Foundation. Arizona women who have survived breast cancer or are currently undergoing treatment are being asked to complete Arizona's Young Breast Cancer Survivor Support Initiative to help identify what services are lacking.
It took longer than anyone wanted to crack the ice, but once Marc Staal beat Anderson 4 minutes and 46 seconds into the second period, the Rangers were a more confident team and the Garden a more confident crowd.
Arguably: Essays, by Christopher Hitchens (Twelve; 788 pages; $30).
This trend is welcome, say regulators, but the total time required to complete short sales is still far too long. The 30-day and 60-day mandates address just one of the key points of delay in the process, but regulators promise a series of additional steps during the coming months designed to speed transactions. They include clearer guidelines on borrower eligibility, property valuations, compensation for lenders holding second liens, and mortgage insurance issues. All of these are points of friction that can delay short-sales agreement for weeks or months.
"One dollar."
A recent poll commissioned by Fox News puts Maes at 15 percent support, far behind front-runner Democrat John Hickenlooper, with 44 percent, and American Constitution Party candidate Tom Tancredo at 34 percent. The survey has a 3-percentage-point margin of sampling error.
UT Erika Dohrman, Wright City
The larger question of whether someone engineered the plane's demise is a matter of debate. The dead president's twin brother, Jaroslaw Kaczynski, leader of Poland's conservative Law and Justice party and the country's former prime minister, said in March he suspects the crash was an assassination.
Orange cones and construction workers can be seen in several parts of the city as $88 million in road and community construction projects near completion and others get set to begin.
Growing awareness and publicity about use and surveillance of students' online profiles has made incoming college students more aware of the perils and perks, college officials say. Meanwhile, added privacy features on sites including Facebook have let users tailor their profiles so that certain pictures or features are visible only to select friends.
Oregon's gas tax is now a 30-cent per gallon tax. Washington charges 37.5 cents.
FastMall is a free downloadable smartphone solution to hitting all of your favorite retailers on Black Friday without wasting time or money in the process.
Contenders included poet Linda Norton, first-time novelist Chad Harbach ("The Art of Fielding") and young-adult literature authors Maggie Stiefvater and Libba Bray.
Balzer + Bray: 224 pp., $17.99, ages 14 and up
9. It's a Hard Rock life: One of our favorite resorts off the Strip is the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino, which always manages to sport more vigor and verve than its hip peers on the main drag. That's because the hotel constantly reinvents itself with youthful energy. The latest shot of adrenaline is the new 35 Steaks + Martinis. Another steakhouse, you yawn? This one has a rock vibe invested in its slick design and menu. The restaurant's name is an homage to Elvis, who was born in 1935, and the king's sense of oversize indulgence is evident throughout the restaurant's cool mash-up of classic steakhouse fare with cutting edge pizzazz. Pair your 35-day aged, 35-ounce steak with a 35 Gimlet, a gin cocktail with a touch of cucumber. On the menu: charcuterie, oysters, wedge salads and prime steaks. For dessert: a tribute to the King in the form of caramelized bananas, crunchy peanut butter crust, peanut butter ice cream and chocolate-covered bacon. Just saying.
"We've got a pretty clear indication that that's not a problem," he said. At the same time, Lane said he wondered how much responsibility elected officials have to identify gifts from other governments.
One recent morning, the sisters settled into some plump but not-too-precious Victorian furniture to talk shop, surrounded by wares most people would have no clue how to utilize: a red truck door, a trio of drug store Indians, a tabletop sailing ship, a decrepit pinball machine.
Uninsured people who become ill and can't pay their medical bills also boost others' rates because health care providers have to charge insured clients more money to recover losses from uncompensated care they provide.
"I feel pretty good," South San Francisco police Chief Mike Massoni said. "We were going to do something the community would be pretty happy with."
while product suffers & players get hurt. Therefore fans lose. Play 50."
“It was still a war zone, but I had a great unit, so it was an awesome experience,” Miller said. “It’s one of those cases where you’re young, you learn so much about yourself — about being in fearful situations, and dealing with it head-on.”
Against Dundalk Harrison was one of four players to hit singles, while Devin Conroy tripled, Tyler Marvel doubled and 10 other players collected a total of 16 walks in 3 2/3rds innings.
For anyone that has an organic bent, there will be something called Homegrown Concessions, selling chili in different varieties: organic vegetarian, beef and pork (both meats hormone- and antibiotic-free, at that). And this apparently has something to do with Indiana native John Mellencamp, who wants you to eat the chili so $2 per every bowl sold can go to Farm Aid and benefit local farmers.
Academic bio: second at state, fourth in nation in TEAMS (engineering) competition, 2010 ... third at state in TEAMS, 2011 ... individual third in region in biology for Worldwide Youth in Science and Engineering, 2011 ... team first in state in WYSE, 2010.
Valerie Branner
The Lions have one of the deepest defensive lines in the league, but were thought to be targeting running backs and offensive linemen in this year's draft before Leshoure's and Culbreath's legal woes. They've already hosted five players at those positions for predraft visits and have injury questions at running back and an aging line.
When the chat window above goes live, submit your question or comment. Make sure to enter a screen name, but your mercurynews.com login is not needed. When entering text into the chat window, do not use returns or your comment will be sent.
They said they had discovered 35 smuggling attempts since August of about 17,450 capsules disguised as stamina boosters. Some people believe the capsules are a panacea for disease. However, they contain bacteria and other harmful ingredients, the customs agency said.
"Uniting the primaries into a single April primary was part of a proposed redistricting compromise," said a statement from Sarah Bender, spokeswoman for House Minority Leader Rep. Armond Budish, a Beachwood Democrat. "We have not been approached about standalone legislation at this point in time, and will need to evaluate it once we see draft legislation."
“Harry Brown,” which opened Friday in New York, features the actor living in a dismal housing project (not “500 yards from where I grew up,” he says). And living in fear, surrounded by thugs.
The House voted Wednesday to extend the life of the Export-Import Bank, culminating a struggle that has split Republicans between pro-bank business groups and anti-big government conservatives seeking to have it dismantled.
20 Chesterfield Lakes Rd, $411,000
"Although sad, this announcement was not completely unexpected," the City of Parma said in a news release. "Macy's has closed several Ohio stores almost yearly since 2005 in response to an ever-competitive retail market and a worsening national economy."
A girl in a dress stands before her mother and they realize -- despite all those arguments over messy rooms and dirty dishes -- that they share a bond that doesn't need to be expressed in words, only in a glance that says "We're alike."
“Non-equity incentive pay is what’s being paid against pre-determined goals. It’s tied to performance, both corporate and individual,” Wise said. “It’s different from the bonus column, which is discretionary payment by the board based on a look back.”
Monday -- 2:20 a.m. (4), 8:35 a.m. (3), 2:50 p.m. (4), 9:05 p.m. (3)
True Lacrosse is also part of the National Scholastic Club Lacrosse Association. The 16-team organization includes some of the nation's best select programs, including the Baltimore Crabs, the Denver Elite and the Long Island Express.
Browns coach Eric Mangini, who was with the Ravens when they drafted Lewis in 1996, knows there's a method to Lewis' madness.
"The administration has been using us and students as ATM machines in this budget situation," said faculty association President Lillian Taiz, a history professor at Cal State Los Angeles. "Before they bleed us to death, they need to look at their priorities."
"While the tsunami countermeasures at Fukushima Daiichi were considered sufficient when the plant was constructed, the fact that those defenses were overwhelmed is something that we take very seriously," said Kouichi Shiraga, a public-affairs official at Japan's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency. "It was common practice at the time to build on bedrock, but that is no longer the case today as long as the ground meets standards for firmness."
San Jose's municipal pension plans for police officers, firefighters and other workers have seen sharp cost increases in recent years due to benefit increases, market losses and flawed assumptions. The city's yearly retirement tab has swollen from $73 million a decade ago to $245 million. Reed and the council have approved a measure for the June ballot that would reduce pension benefits for future workers and make current workers pay more for the benefit if they don't switch to a more modest plan.
Through 20 games, the A's third basemen -- Josh Donaldson, Eric Sogard and Luke Hughes -- are batting .111 (8 for 72) with one home run and four RBIs.
"In this particular case we were never notified, so it appears that law enforcement failed to cross reference the item against a list of stolen watches," Anzar said in an email.
Pan-Seared Lamb Chops
Although not technically expelled from the preparatory division of Baltimore's Peabody Conservatory at age 10 for her interest in pop and rock music, Amos did lose her scholarship, which in the end amounted to the same thing. She started playing professionally in gay bars, chaperoned by her Methodist minister father, at age 13. Through high school, she continued to have private piano and composition lessons. Because of her formal study, she was Deutsche Grammophon's first choice for the project.
Lighting Maryland homes with power from giant turbines off Ocean City moved closer to reality Thursday as federal officials announced they are ready to go forward with leasing vast areas along the Mid-Atlantic coast for wind farms.
4836 & 4840 Northland Av, $6,000
Johnson was at the Garden accepting a new front-office post with the Knicks, a gig he earned in no small part to the four-point play he dropped on the Pacers in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference Finals, a moment that still echoes in the ears and the memory banks of anyone who was inside the Garden that day.
"You mean ... we are literally on the slopes?" we said, looking at each other confused.
1. Junior Dos Santos
Joe the Plumber's standing brought former Republican presidential candidate Herman Cain and his "Solutions Revolution" tour bus to Northern Ohio Friday for several campaign stops, including a rally and $100-per-person private reception in Rocky River.
Yes, I actually prefer the new iPad to traditional comics. Comixology (the leading store for digital comics) and Bitlithic's Comic Zeal 5 (my favorite iOS reader for CBR and CBZ-formatted comics) both work just fine on the new iPad, and can exploit the full resolution of the screen.
Bridgestone inspected the dam shortly after the air leak and bulge were found. Ripley said Bridgestone officials advised Tempe that the damage was not as bad as previous air leaks and did not call for repair. Bridgestone had made previous repairs when similar damage was found in 2002 in other sections of the west-end dam.
That’s because the evening is based on texts by Eugene Ionesco — set to music by Mildred Kayden — who’s widely acknowledged as a master of absurdist theater. Non sequiturs abound, logic is pushed to literal extremes, exchanges go round and round in maddening circles.
In locker rooms across the NFL today, players were gathered for offseason workouts when the bombshell news started filling up their cell phones and taking over the sports television news.
The cast isamix of local actors and NewYork stage veterans— Emily Skinner and Shuler Hensley, both of whom, I’m told, are excellent.
The Center for Tax and Budget Accountability, an Illinois think tank, has offered these figures as only one possible way to structure the tax and will be working with other groups to explore a range of alternatives.
At around age 8 or 9, children become more interested in all-nighters, and many have the stamina, according to Michael Seyffert, a professor of neurology and sleep medicine at JFK Medical Center in Edison.
"In later years," said Sister Mary Faith McKean, also a Sister of Mercy and friend, "she was delighted to learn that her patron saint was the patron saint of engineers, her father's profession."
The schools are Roosevelt Elementary in Burlingame; South Hillsborough Elementary; Laurel Elementary and North Shoreview Montessori in San Mateo; Junipero Serra Elementary in South San Francisco; and Woodside Elementary.
Canadiens 3, Senators 2 - David Desharnais scored in regulation and had the only goal in the shootout as host Montreal (28-32-11) improved to 3-0-1 in its past four games. Carey Price stopped all three Ottawa shootout attempts to give Montreal a 3-0-1 record against the Senators this season.
As a trained chemist, she found the science of winemaking relatively simple. Which meant that, as the winemaker for Freestone Vineyards, the Sonoma County coast project from Napa's Joseph Phelps Vineyards, she could easily have made by-the-numbers bottles.
Offensive tackle Matt Kalil (stinger) returned to practice Thursday but on a limited basis. Offensive lineman Aundrey Walker (undisclosed), and safety Demetrius Wright (hip) did not practice. Defensive tackles DaJohn Harris (ankle) and Christian Tupou (knee) had limited practices.
Baldwin — whose illustrious record also includes screaming at his 11-year-old daughter, “You thoughtless little pig” — seems to have a recurring problem with women in positions of authority, or with the ability to muck up his life.
In a 2001 treatise, "Knights Under the Prophet's Banner," he set down the long term strategy for the jihadi movement — to inflict "as many casualties as possible" on the Americans, while trying to establish control in a nation as a base "to launch the battle to restore the holy caliphate" of Islamic rule across the Muslim world.
Mr. Drucker only searches for what the companies direct him to find and stays away from giving employers information that might be considered discriminatory to the hiring process. Employers, for example, cannot legally make hiring decisions based on race, religion, marital status or disability. But they can make decisions based on whether or not they like your attitude or your ethics.
Bobby Franklin led the way with three interceptions, two of which he returned for touchdowns.
Negotiations began after Tom Mendiburu, in London with the Nets at the time, was approached by Brooklyn Sports CEO Brett Yormark about a naming rights sponsorship at Rutgers.
That smaller infrastructure is matched by more modest expectations. Garbage's manager, Paul Kremen, says the band's "initial drive is to recapture the fan base" that drove "Garbage" and 1998's "Version 2.0" to platinum sales. But carving out a space in the wider culture, as his clients did in their heyday, is trickier "when 60 hours of video are being uploaded to YouTube every minute. It's hard to cut through that kind of cacophony."
The 6-year-old has Batten disease, a deadly, progressive illness in which the body cannot make an enzyme that removes toxins from the brain. That buildup of toxins steadily damages the brain, causing blindness, problems moving and thinking and seizures.
With great assistance from Aaron Sorkin's trademark lightning-fast dialogue, Fincher doesn't really delve into who Zuckerberg is - he springs him upon us from the first scene as a fully formed misanthrope - as much as he explores the rapid-fire contemporary notion of social interaction, inspiration and, in a nice throwback to time immemorial, backstabbing and jealousy.
Residents trying to return to their nearby homes said this sort of crime was infrequent along the commercial strip of restaurants, banks and ethnic grocery stores.
Reports last month suggested that Intel wanted $500 million to expand Fab 28 in Kiryat Gat. Subsequent reports indicated that government ministers balked at the request, favoring a smaller grant and new Intel investment in economically depressed parts of the country.
Many liberals think blowing up the city system is a splendid idea. The editorial page of this newspaper spoke for them: "The right thing is for school districts in the same county or in a county adjacent to unaccredited school districts to open their doors and see what happens . . . State funding will follow the children. It might not be enough. So make do."
“Overbrook High School obviously represents a major part of my life,” Mosenson said. “It’s hard to explain what it all means … and how many lives that high school affected.”
Chief Executive Antonio Horta-Osorio said the "ongoing challenges of economic and regulatory uncertainty" were reflected in these results.
Two years ago, Plex was ranked No. 8 among small companies on the Free Press' Top Workplaces list. This year, it competes against bigger companies in the midsize category and has vaulted to the No. 3 spot in that group, a testament to how rapid growth can be a big factor in boosting employee happiness.
Information: 562-493-1015 and www.runsealbeach.com
The Edgar Allan Poe foundation of Boston hopes to have a finished statue in place by the end of next year. The home where Poe was born no longer stands, but a plaque marks its former location.
In this version, two “nice” teenage girls — one sporting a new peace-sign necklace — stop on their way to a rock concert to score marijuana; they end up raped and murdered by a gang of drooling sadists. The police are useless; whatever rough justice is possible comes only at the end, at the bloody hands of one victim’s vengeful parents.
I'm disappointed with the soup at many places, but here the combinations are so enticing I had to order it on each visit. The first time it was cream of asparagus teetering on the edge of rosemary overload; the second was sausage and farro with a rich tomato broth that was good but could have been absolutely lyrical with a little more restraint with the herbs. On my third visit, the soup was an exceptional black bean ($7) that took on the meaty character of the accompanying bits of chorizo with a swirl of chile cream and scallions in the
That would seemingly mean that second-year guard Patty Mills will make the roster, but Cho said he hasn't decided what he will do with the final spot.
Those experiences are soul-stealing, Silvestro says. They eat away at you, and one day you wake up and find somebody else living in your overstretched skin.
"I think any new construction of residential has got to have some kind of public subsidy," developer Scott Wolstein said. "I don't think there's any question. I think that's just a reality in any urban environment, not just Cleveland."
Ben Feller, Associated Press. AP writers Anne Gearan and David Espo, Deputy Director of Polling Jennifer Agiesta and News Survey Specialist Dennis Junius contributed to this story.
