I was scheduled to begin my cycle 1 on May 1st. The date will need to be modified because my target audience is scheduled to participate in a mandatory initiative and will be unavailable until May 15th.
Opus Arte OA 1049 D (166 minutes, recorded live at the Amsterdam Music Theatre, 16 and 25 February 2010).
Sure, I dont think that household appliances should be advertised as something for the "little woman" or that cigarettes should be advertised as cool but I do worry about some things that are now agressively advertised that never saw the light of day in the past.
The findings seem to indicate a very finely tuned feedback loop SUMO and kainate receptors. Strokes and other neurological events can cause nerve cells to protect themselves from activity that seem out of sync with normal brain activity. It might be tempting to think of anything that disturbs neural signaling as a condition that would require treatment to improve the feedback loop. In the case of epilepsy for example, the answer might be to stop over stimulation via neural signaling between proteins and receptors.
The contest deadline isn't until next Saturday (April 14th) so you still have plenty of time to play along. You can find the sketch and all of the contest details on the My Creative Sketches blog.
Well, there are processes for doing just about everything an agency does. But when it comes to creating ideas, sorry, there ain't no process. I once asked marketing icon Jack Trout how much of his success was due to his process and how much to inspiration. He said 95% inspiration.
Butter and line a 9 inch cake pan with parchment paper.
This case illustrates OHIM's application of the UK law of passing off, the local law which applied in this case given that the parties were UK entities, resulting in a refusal of Dave TV's application for most of its classes of goods and services. In principle, this leads Dave TV facing a rebrand, if not an action for past infringement. However, OHIM's analysis of the ‘classic trinity’ required for passing off is unlikely to survive close scrutiny, so it is reasonable to expect that Dave TV will appeal the decision and that this will not be the end of the proceedings.
That goes without saying.
So I have this theory about how our brains hold everything. Since a picture says a thousand words, and I know you don't want to read a several-thousand-word post, I decided to illustrate my point. Literally.
Elizabeth Olsen, Martha Marcy May Marlene
Rating: Loved
62. Merl Saunders - Imagine (2:39)
Frankly, I think we owe it to each other to be honest with each other. (OMG! I almost typed that without laughing...haha.) No we don't. Nobody wants to read about some damn form I filled out four times to get blue pens rather than black ones that were made in 1972 -- or that, YES, I did fill out that on-line form four times because this is the type of shit that I can't seem to let go of...but tricky foreign policy issues?? Eh...I'm sure it will all work out -- Christina's probably doing something about it....Now where was that damn form!?
Click over to all of the design team and guests blogs for more info on materials, techniques etc.
Rear wing
2. Parking Lot
Disorder formed in Bristol, England back in 1980. Their music is raw and aggressive hardcore/punk. Chaotic music and distorted to deafness.
I’ve watched Tokyo Dome 2009 again, for no reason….
over 40 varieties of tomatoes, plus cucumbers, eggplant, pepper, summer squash, and basil starts!
It isn't their fault for making smoking cool again, or pricing the poor out of a simple pleasure through laffer curve high taxes, oh no, it's the recession you see. The one that the Tories said they'd sort out before they set about destroying jobs in an industry it despises at a time of severe economic woes.
Had you ever ask or recommend anyone to good Makan (eating) places? Had you ever queue up 30mins for something you crave to eat? Had you ever travel 45mins just to eat a bowl of laksa?
Africa remains high on the agenda of those looking to invest in foreign markets but despite the growth and progress a perception gap still remains. However, significant improvements in trade agreements, regional integration and an increased investment in infrastructure will push Africa into the top league of investment destinations.
We are living on park point which is on the left hand side of the bridge as you are looking at it. Every day we cross this bridge to go into the Duluth down town. I love to the view of the lake as we cross the bridge.
where would it be?
The new location was an old family property/farm outside of the city, and a lot of people were hiding there, I think SS‘s parent’s owned it, maybe; SS, MS, some of my direct & indirect family, and some of my former classmates were there.
He then left into his slumberland. I guess he understood what privacy meant and vice versa.
Admittedly, I was going to whip off the quickest post possible. I think I had something in mind called, “Haircuts Gone Wrong”. I was going to feature what I call, “the medieval man-bob”. See below. It was going to be a listy sort of thing that consisted of a lot of funny for the eyes and probably less writing.
When that was done I went through my shoes and took out the ones I actually have worn in the last year or so and put the rest in a laundry basket on the floor.
In this note, I will supplement those notes by citing what Theos Sophia or divine wisdom said about them. Too many words said as a matter of fact. From the beginnings of the release of divine wisdom to the open public (see mahatmas’ letters) to the writing and release of the Secret Doctrine, the magnum opus on the wisdom, so many discourses on the Dark Chohans and the dugpas were elucidated.
Overflows with sympathy and looks so sad
Sometimes when i was taking a break from being my pragmatic self,i would wonder what’s stronger than guilt and a silhouette of it in all other respects.Now i knew.Helplessness.All these days when Aham was not picking up my calls or replying to my texts and pings,each new series of rings i heard when i dialled his number was a thread i held onto more and more violently and frantically.Every single beep on my phone bubbled up and then cruelly burned down my hopes.Spending all my days staring at his facebook wall just to get a glimpse or a word of what he was up to was something i never thought i would have to do.But here i was,turning into and harbouring the mockery of love i felt for him.
I chose this scale because it is how I communicate with my kids and it seems very effective. If I play a song on the radio they give me a THUMBS UP/DOWN and I know whether to move on to the next song or stay.
The wind is alive tonight
I think we proved to ourselves today that we can just do a big hit without too much hassle, and without thinking about it too hard. We'd had a lovely day just looking at museums and Bridget had got some drawing done, but all of a sudden it was 5 o'clock and we were still hundreds of k's from clare, which was where we'd decided to stay the night so that the next day we could go to port augusta in readiness for the longer days to come after that. So, we just did it anyway. We got in a little late but we got here and the drive was beautiful. The sun setting, huge lovely golden wheat fields waving in the breeze, countless vineyards all the way. Bridget and I have decided that we really love the adelaide hills, and we'll definitely be back sometime soon, for a little more wine tasting maybe. The clare valley is especially beautiful, I've a lovely photo there of our camp with norman and the setting sun behind.
If you have not already done so, make sure you check out the rest of the talented DT's cards! I hope you are able to join us this week; can't wait to see all your wonderful creations!
Moe has worked for almost fifteen years at converting the K-12 education system into a cash cow for Wall Street. A veteran of Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch, he now leads an investment group that specializes in raising money for businesses looking to tap into more than $1 trillion in taxpayer money spent annually on primary education. His consortium of wealth management and consulting firms, called Global Silicon Valley Partners, helped K12 Inc. go public and has advised a number of other education companies in finding capital.
Never, not an inch, for in thy sight I see
Dusty was always smiling, and was a total sweetheart. He had smooth, caramel-brown skin and soft, curly hair. If I could have chosen any boy from the hood to be my little brother, I would have chosen Dusty. He died in 2000 at the age of 17 from a heart attack. (No, he was not overweight).
But unknown to Lamat, RFS is where the rural people phone in their complaints and pour out their grievances.
Looking back at it, I see its flaws – it was after all an apprentice's work, not the crown of a scholar's career. But it was not worse than most other doctoral theses and perhaps better than many. It was published as a book and had sold steadily for twenty years until the publisher gave me the remaining forty copies some years ago. It means that it has sold just under a thousand copies. I still get inquiries from libraries and colleagues and students. I always ask: Why do you want it? It is out of date, it wasn't brilliant to begin with (although I thought it was at the time), I have published so many better books since then. And yet people insist that it is very important, and some even claim that it is indispensable. I have never seen any colleague or student use my central concept of the fantaseme, the smallest identifiable element of a fantasy text, coined in analogy with mytheme. I haven't even seen my particular employment of Mikhail Bakhtin's chronotope reflected in any studies. I have no idea what people find useful. Not a catalogue of two hundred and fifty texts, I hope. There are annotated bibliographies for that purpose. Yet somewhere out there, in university libraries and in people's bookshelves, almost a thousand copies of my book are making their humble impact.
Welcome to the second link-up of "Sunlit Sunday"!
supporting prenatal testing…because on Santorum’s planet prenatal testing is a tool designed by heathens to do away with all detectable disabilities. In the real world…prenatal testing allows expecting parents to know the detectable health status of their pregnancy.
- sliced onions
I politely told him/her that I couldn’t afford the new rates and that I’d be interested in a cheaper rate, but I will wanted to keep the same services that I currently have. Now, this has a 50/50 chance in working. If the representative is nice, they will take the time to find you a better rate. As I explained earlier, be nice to them. Remember they are not the ones that own the company; they are just working under them. They might have the power to help you, they might not. If they can’t help you, then politely thank them for trying and close the chat. You can then try again the following week and hope that the new representative will be able to help you. The nicer you are to them, the better chance you have of getting the things you ask for.
They added there would be a huge vacuum here with the festival season around the corner, they said.
ORIGINALLY PUBLISHED 5 July 2011
Here's an idea how to coordinate one of JeJ prints in a more over the top way, with contrasting prints and a variety of different textures and colors. I love seeing Classic pieces coordinated in a sort of haphazardly opulent way. Check out some of the Classic Lolita coordinates on the Flasco blog, or some Dolly Kei coordinates for some ideas on how to make pieces that don't necessarily match work together.
And then we headed back down into the city to walk along the L.A. River at sunset, underneath the 6th Street Bridge, unexpectedly overlapping with a crew filming CSI: NY, complete with fake NYPD cars driving by, as trains roared past the river and the concrete landscape turned orange, then purple, then black as evening arrived and we drove off for a final trip to see an oil-pumping site downtown, one where, decades ago, engineers over-pressurized the oil field causing black ooze to flow up and out through storm drains and collect inside neighborhood basements, as if Los Angeles had woken up some black, formless, Lovecraftian presence beneath the city.
Cyric C: Nerd girl, I am a Geek in a relationship with a nonintellectual type. We have a number of things in common because I also enjoy a wide range of more physically oriented pursuits, but lately it’s just been a real drag because as I learn and discover new things that I am in awe of, she couldn’t care less. Should I leave or is there perhaps an alternative route to go?
It is a little sack like, but fine with a cardi.
Fever, chills, aspirin, ibuprofen, tylenol, sleep, sweats, fever, chills, aspirin, ibuprofen, tylenol, sleep..... Then it got dark. And stormy. (Really.) I listened to the rain and winds, thinking of my son who was visiting his cousins in Memphis--going to Beale Street. Did he make it in that storm? Was he in the storm right now??? Pure panic hit me, which is not my usual state of mind during stormy weather. All I could think about was flashes of lightening, wet pavement, sliding cars.....and death. Yep. Had myself a feverish freak-out. I slept little that night, but thankfully, I was no longer on a boat.
it will dimnish.
2079.E-I/29/1999. On the Chandrasekhar Memorial Space Telescope. Chicago Sun-Times, p. 30 (abridged). (Incorporated in Item 1998(12), above, pp. 864-65.) See Item C-1997(1), above.
Former GOP presidential candidate Michele Bachmann went further than Santorum. She signed a pledge vowing to support a constitutional amendment to ban all pornography and same-sex marriage.
this is the look i am likely to be rocking if/when i can be bothered to do something fun. whether its one colour or more, i think it looks really pretty and flatters everyone, especially if its on the lower lashline. it makes your eyes pop and just adds a little sum' sum' to your whole look! i recommend this to everyone who is allowed to wear colour on their eyes! be warned it takes a little bit of your morning time away..
But they'll do no more than they did after Srebrenica.
When the National government came to office in 2008, I was quite optimistic. I read a cheery piece on John Key in the Wall Street Journal where he said things that weren’t really said in the election. I thought that we might be able to avoid making major policy errors that would perpetuate the crisis. I thought that there could be a recovery.
Does that make sense?
Here's a peek at what you saw at the boutique/what you miss out on!
This step fatherly behavior is the most clearly visible in all those biased attitudes we show to another group of advantaged sons and daughters residing the same city. This branch dwells in the posh localities of our minds and selves. We value them so much. We snuggle with them in our private moments and keep discussing them again and again. As a source of warmth and relief, this population continues to amuse us. These thoughts are considered worthy of preservation and are written down on either paper or canvas. We speak about them in an eloquent way. All public expression favors these wealthy ones to the less privileged ones. We are promised a better audience if we talk of our positive and energy filled thoughts. Thinking of what to think before going off to sleep, we think of them and them alone.
I guess now the only question left is whether I thought the class was worth it. Let me be clear that disregarding the cost, I thought the class was pretty interesting. I may not have learned anything as far as baking technique goes, but getting to ask Liz and her assistant questions was pretty useful. On top of that, we got to sample some of their cupcakes as she made them and eating small cupcakes is never a bad thing. However, the cost is pretty high so it's not easy to disregard it. I'd say that as a gift, it's really cool. If it was just me looking to do something, though, I probably wouldn't do it again since I could put that money towards something else like the awesome beer dinner I went to a few weeks ago. Maybe their evening classes are better as far as cost to value ratio goes, but I don't know. In the end, if you don't mind spending the money, just go and enjoy yourself, forget how much it cost, and you'll be better off.
for buses don’t run frequently or fast,
With that going on, I had Odysseus run the imp up to my mother's for the day. Much fun was had by all up there, and the pixie had a lot of fun charming the guys installing the new AC unit. She was very good about staying out of the way, and very talkative.
The atmosphere in the main bar, as the venue’s name suggests, is very chilled and casual. It’s simply a great place to unwind with a few drinks - a perfect location for young professionals looking for a more chilled alternative to the swanky clubs of central London.
Those unbelieving sailors and prisoners had an advantage. The apostle Paul was on board the ship. God had a plan in mind and it involved everyone staying live. Were they to die they would have no further opportunity of hearing the Gospel or believing it. Satan wanted them dead for that very reason. God had plans to spare their life and Paul told them that no one of them would die but the ship would be destroyed. Only Paul knew that God was working all things together for good. Paul would be spared. As long as God had a job for him to do he was immortal.
With nothing to do and nowhere to be, I took off, map in hand for a park. Green Park to be exact. I walked to Buckingham Palace, I strolled the mall and found a cup of tea at a cafe in St. James Park. Then, under the gray drizzle of a London autumn, sat with my tea and watched. And laughed. And watched. And thought. Of everything, of nothing. I just was. I was in London. Just as I had been thousands of miles and a hundred lifetimes ago on that park bench.
1/2 tsp fresh thyme, approx.
I then realise how silly I am.
- 10PM Wandering. Can't make it into Rev Peyton's Big Band. Wandering...Must find Texas Basketball...jonesing....every place packed. Make it to Pecan Street Ale House. Last 16 minutes of Texas game. Watch alone. Concentrate. Meet about 3 Alarm fans who are peeing themselves because they are about to see the Alarm in front of 40 people at their secret show at Pecan St. TEXAS WINS. Where am I?...feeling good...feeling out of sight...it ain't easy being green.
Even slightly wider shots, like the one forming Sarpina and Lorelei’s dinner scene, seem generous. Lorelei despises the police captain, but needs his sympathy to save Marion’s life. She knows what that will cost her. Sarpina wants the formality of a meal first, and so they sit at the near edges of a table corner, amidst a pile of food and drink, bisected by a tall white candle. The candle is their boundary line and whenever Sarpina leans forward we sense violation. This whole scene feels crowded, overfull—and finally overwrought, as the drunken Sarpina loses patience and lunges. The rape sequence that follows is physical for the time, with Lorelei failing to wilt as most silent-film women would, and Sarpina not quite getting the upper hand most mustachioed villains could count on. Stately meal and explosive violence become one piece; rich, thick image-making, prepared by the thinnest storytelling. I accepted it, and then enjoyed it as part of Chalice’s unapologetic visual melody. An opera, without the vocal rewards, would be no less shallow.
Jesus, without a doubt is enigmatic figure. The Orthodox Christian religion portrays him as a mystical incarnation of God, a spiritual being that was completely pure and unspoiled by humanity. This historical figure became a deity, or living God, not much unlike the Egyptian Pharaohs of old. Thiering, instead, portrays Jesus as a political minded man, a person of power and passionate religious background. Other scholars paint Jesus as more of an outsider. He is often seen as a reluctant priest-king who challenged authority. Increasingly, he is being demystified, but his purpose and passion and political alliances remain under debate. Personal perception, not the pesher method, plays the largest role in redefining the past and Jesus’ part in it.
What could be more romantic for Valentine’s Day than flowers as depicted in the traditional dance of Hawaii and Polynesia! On Valentine’s Day, Tuesday, Feb. 14th, the Friends of the Hampstead Public Library present dancer and teacher Nancy Griffin talking about the hula and its relationship to the language of flowers. She will explain how the blooms and plants of Hawaii are imbued with meaning and how some plants are believed to be the embodiment of ancient Hawaiian
“Are you okay now?” he asked her affectionately.
As the summer tempuratures rose, so did my impatience with this yeast and I bottled before terminal gravity was reach. I paid the price of a couple cracked bottles and excessive carbonation. The taste is good though. Grassy hops, pepper and late summer fruit (apples, plums and overripe peach) dominate the aroma. The taste has a nice rusticity from the dried out base malts (Belgian pale, US pale, and Vienna) and noble hops (excepting the Styrian Goldings) used for all additions. A nice refreshing summer beer.
If you have any information call the anonymous tip line at 1-800-TIP-HSUS. A tip could be worth up to $5,000 for an arrest or conviction.
The yeast was pitched at 10pm last night and this morning it's well into fermentation.
of your pockets,
Bent Road by Lori Roy (Penguin Group USA - Dutton)
Here you can see I've gained about 15 lbs.
I reassured myself that it would not be accepted and that I would not have to worry. Writers expect rejection, especially at the beginning.
I reached for my wallet, so to speak. That's exactly what I'm looking for in a political party, and I doubt if I'm alone in this. I hate the very concept of 'zeitgeist', but if I didn't, I'd have to concede that Ed had hit a very zeitgeisty note with 'tackling vested interests'.
Merle Haggard: Are The Good Time Really Over (I Wish A Buck Was Still Silver)
Usage – The doctor’s jargon is indecipherable to a layperson.
(Blackmail or?) The Saudis were threatening to pull out of a deal to buy 72 Euro-fighter jets from BAE and deal with France instead.
In order to survive the rest of the year, Levine is given "care packages" of DVDs from friends, is taken out to meals - she even describes how she accepts invitations only from those friends whom she gambles will offer to pay. Throughout the book, I very much wanted to find out what would happen if a friend (who didn't know about the project) did not offer. This did not occur. Levine also allowed herself to purchase any books that were "work related" - over $600 worth.
Simon and I jump and the train together and sit holding hands for a few minutes. I sort of think this is a bad idea but then the drunk part of me thinks it is a good idea.
Dig in with a fork.....or if you are patient, let cool completely on a rack and then lift up the ends of the parchment or foil liner, and transfer the brownies to a cutting board. Cut into squares.
“Chess allows you to do that when in life, you can’t,” he added.
These past few days the reality of a spiritual world has really bothered me.
But the defensive 4 is… well… kind of average. Williamson particularly, I’m sometimes not sure how he passes as a premiership defender. Maybe that’s a bit harsh, but he was only quite good for Pompey and Watford, who are poor and average championship teams respectively. And Coloccini showed no real signs of being a good defender until this season.
She makes her way to the city in the white Mercedes,
In Luke 10, Jesus sent out 70 of his disciples instructing: “do not take a purse or bag or sandals.” Here in chapter 24 he tells them to do the opposite. ”… If you have a a purse, take it, and also a bag.” And then he tells his disciples to go out and get swords! What is going on here? This is especially puzzling considering that later in this chapter Jesus rebukes Peter for attacking the servant of the priest with one of the swords. So what does this all mean?
What's your favorite and least favorite part about touring? How do you handle the rigors of the road?
pets (no matter what the species) in Texas had given us fair warning of what
Oldest requested a game of Checka's (Checkers) for 30minutesontheboysturf time. In his 8 years he has played more than I have in my lifetime. In fact, I am just learning the game. Today was really my first official game of checkers.
Two Legged Hops (get up high, extend, 40m)
Firstly I gained detail of what the proposed 10% rule actually consisted of. In order to prevent teams using off-throttle engine maps to continue to drive airflow over the diffuser for aerodynamic benefit, the FIA proposed a pair of changes to what’s allowed when the driver comes off the throttle pedal. Firstly the well known 10% limit on the throttle opening, but secondly a ban on injecting fuel into the engine when off the throttle. The intention of this pair of changes was to ban both hot and cold blown engine maps.
Beep !
I wonder what would happen if Americans could learn to see race, ethnicity, and culture inside out, which really means “I wonder what would happen if Americans just saw people as people.”
I am back to counting my points & tracking them. WOW. It works...imagine that!
when you ask why
"Little short skirt with a big attitude
Having lived in "Earthquake Country" (both Northern and Southern California) myself for the past 18 years, I know what it's like when the big one hits. It's something you can never predict and you just have to be prepared for it.
7. Austin Needs More Hospitals – According to the nurses there’s a major shortage of hospital beds in Central Texas, and that most area hospitals are at capacity at any given time. Not shocking, I know.
Later the possibility of being struck by a drunk driver struck me.
There have been a lot of people who don't see why orphan care, and almost always, when meeting a pastor or church board, almost always, they want to know what we are doing to spread the gospel, are we holding Bible studies? Do we have tracts and material to teach people about Christ? What material do we use? What is our doctrinal statement?
Labor is destined to lose the next election. But it might radically remake the political landscape as it tries to save itself.
As a new mom, I had to recall the nursery rhymes and lullabies of my childhood and to be completely honest, I couldn’t even remember the lyrics to “itsy bitsy spider”. Lucky for me, we live in a world where my iPhone has allowed me access to YouTube and the Internet! Now, I look up videos of songs from my childhood and search the ‘net for the lyrics. Below, I have compiled a list of four songs which have become part of my daily routine.
Everything changed when I got to college. Journalism is part of my serendipitous adventure in MSU. I’m no good at writing honestly. But when I took the department’s entrance exam, I passed—so I grabbed the chance. By and by, I learned to love the art of writing but I’m still not sure if the art already loves me. Nevertheless, I I decided to specialize on features.
Jackie (I am one of the lucky ones who gets to use the short version of her name...LOL)
AG: Well, I’m afraid that is a pretty usual, almost classic, case. The ideal classic case, of course, is the famous case of the Buddha, who recognized at the age of twenty-nine that all of his pleasure as a prince was really a waste of time because there is suffering in the world. For me it was not that drastic, but when I was about thirty-seven the world started to fall apart on me. I lost my research grant, I had a divorce and I was very lonely. And the professional pleasure that I used to get by writing physics papers stopped being pleasure.
I wrote a post on here back in March 2007, an ill-conceived look back at the history of ambient and chill-out music from my very limited perspective. In that post I wittered, “I long to get my hands on a cassette a friend of my brother made, which spliced a Tangerine Dream album with dialogue from episodes of Star Trek. It was a bizarre union but it worked perfectly as music to lose yourself in, the dreamy soundscapes of Tangerine Dream combining with Kirk and Spock’s out-there and often hilarious observations on beaming down to yet another strange planet.”
To overcome all obstacles.
What if we all care about our children
These kids were all from the most affected (east coastal) areas of Sri Lanka.
Gary bought the apartment from his parents 20 years ago and is on his fourth remodel of the space. He is clever with the design and with the use of natural light. He uses a combination of reflective metal, mirrors and large floor to ceiling yellow glass windows to increase the light value in his apartment. It’s really pretty amazing how the warm yellow glass windows flood his apartment with sunlight even on an overcast day. A very smart idea by an innovative, creative thinker. I’m impressed, are you?
The problem this year was that temperatures didn’t drop back to normal levels. In fact, they crept up even higher over the next few days, to 36°, 37° and even 39°. Night-time levels were also unusually high (around 25°), and there was an almost complete lack of wind. Unpleasant certainly, but nobody imagined the greater significance these temperatures would have.
A little goes a long way; you simple tap - not rub - this product into the skin. It works effectively and helping to reduce any puffiness and works superbly at making your skin feel refreshed.
He was born in 1955 and grew up in England, obtaining a doctorate from Cambridge, was a married hetero male and father to two sons. Became a Fullbright Scholar and post-doctoral fellow at Stanford and did research at the University of Utah Department of Psychiatry (!).
Like maybe twenty percent of the class, I was delighted by the depth of the information he was giving us, and his clarity of thought and insight. I had had the good fortune to be fairly well acquainted with this subject matter for several years as a tutor in Asian Civilisations at the University of Queensland, via a mixture of primary sources in translation, and commentary by the likes of de Bary, Max Müller and Moriz Winternitz. I'd had the benefit of evenings of discussions with Devahuti and Damodar, and Sanskritist-historian Sarva Daman Singh, but it was all new to these first year students. This was being thrown into the deep end, sink or swim.
For the last 2 years or so, my session beer of choice to have on tap has been a Kölsch. Non-beer-snobs who are scared to venture "out of the box" usually like my versions of a Kölsch, so it's a nice beer to have on hand. It's also a nice palate-cleanser between high-gravity beer tastings. It's just always been a decent beer to have around. (I used to have American Pale Ale on tap for the same reasons).
Papa went into Chicago today but he is back now.
In everyhing, you present your request to God (Phil 4:6)
Can you judge a book by its cover? Well, publishers are certainly hoping so. With the Internet and e-books cutting into sales of hardbacks and paperbacks, many of those in the publishing world are now going that extra length to ensure that the books they print are the kind readers will adore at first sight – and purchase in place of an electronic version. Covers are being given to 'star artists' to illustrate, spines are being refined and even end papers (the pages inside the jacket) are being given intense consideration. It's all part of a new push to make books covetable and utterly un-put-downable. The kind of objects you'd put on your coffee table – next to the other collectables.
Micah - we go outside
Q. Medical problems?
Simon’s like, “We love you? But Jesus, dude.” He wonders if Adam could win the show, or sell records. (No, and Yes.) Simon admits that his part in the unanimous decision is surprising, and then gets flirty letting Adam know that he’s in. “Now’s the time to get dramatic,” Kara says, but he hugs her anyway. He is totally professional and charming leaving them, and get lots of applause from the crowd.
1 greetings
Yesterday I took Zak zak for his follow up ECHO appointment for his heart murmur. I was advised to have him be nil by mouth for 4 hours before hand because he would be sedated. I hate watching the kids be sedated and all dopey. I've only seen one other of my kids have it, but it had to be done. Or did it? I got there and they wanted to just give ago without the sedation. He had already been a monkey, and was petrified of being weighed or having his height done. So by the time we down to the radiology department, he wasn't even having a bar of sitting on the bed. Fortunately Hubby was in the department working and was able to lend his hand. In the end we just had to hold him down for the minute while the heart was quickly checked. Its times like these Im greatful to have trained as a nurse. The nurse*get the job done* in me completely overrides the *oh no! my kid is crying* mummy feeling. Or maybe I'm just heartless. Any ways we got the job done while he screamed the department down. The results show just a teeny little hole that is healing nicely. Thank you Lord!
Comparisons with The Asylum Street Spankers and even The Squirrel Nut Zippers (especially the title song and "The Devil Gets His Due") -- not to mention them Shack Shakers -- are unavoidable. But the Daubers would hold their own against any of 'em. This is just fine American music distilled in Kentucky.
if she finds a movie star or two sitting next to her
The foreshadowing, the hints -
I am now in my 24th week of pregnancy. Hard to believe we only have 16 weeks left! Ahhhhhhh...this pregnancy is just flying by!
There are many examples of this contemporary mindset, but one especially obvious one can be found in the financial black hole of our modern education institutions. In these cauldrons of loveless envy, God and objective truth have been expelled while simultaneously attempting to hold fast to ethics. This of course is Folly. Lewis has another famous and astute point regarding this:
Don’t waste time on jealousy. Sometimes you’re ahead, sometimes you’re behind. The race is long and, in the end, it’s only with yourself.
Inside the tall, austere spaces of Los Angeles’ Ace Gallery, Donovan arranges a series of sets in which we act, playing our fancies in dream terrarium. Using thousands of multicolor buttons, she creates a floor size ocean reef, multicolor sponges seemingly sifting the gallery air for enrichment. The next gallery uses fishing wire to conjure a blanket of sea urchins, like hundreds of shimmering ladies’ powder puffs. In her largest installation, Untitled, 2003, Styrofoam cups make up dozens of lit bulges, recalling the underside of sack of spider eggs.
I set a new all-time record for visitors in a month in September: 5,208, driven mainly by people searching for the "In the Can" Bud Light Lime ad, which currently accounts for about 75% of my visitors. My previous high was October 2008, which had 5,022.
Shanna Swendson
In a medium-sized skillet, heat up 1 tablespoon of the olive oil over high heat. When hot, add the chicken and cook, stirring often, until browned on both sides. Remove from the heat and set aside. Set the rice cooker for a regular cycle and heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil in the rice cooker bowl. When hot, add the garlic and onion and cook, stirring, until the onion starts to soften (about two minutes) without letting the garlic burn. Add the bell pepper pieces, rice and cumin. Stir well to combine. Cook until the rice is opaque, about 10 minutes.
Points of interest:
I’d like to begin by thanking Scott Dunham and the Doc Film Series at the University of Chicago for inviting me to speak a little with you this evening. This opportunity is something of a dream come true. I have said in the past, with only slight exaggeration, that I wrote a whole book on Paul Thomas Anderson’s films just so I could write one chapter on Punch-Drunk Love. Punch Drunk Love is today the “forgotten” Anderson film (not counting his modest first effort, Hard Eight)—the one that slipped in the cracks between Boogie Nights and Magnolia in the 1990s and then the sustained critical success of There Will Be Blood a decade later.
* Writing and preparing government grant proposals;
How is this child going to feel when she realizes she is banned from hearing the truth? How do children cope once they learn every adult they trusted has lied to them? I was never taught to believe in Santa so I have no experience to relate.
Before the potential amendment makes it to a statewide ballot, the Colorado Progressive Coalition, the body heading up its support, must collect a minimum of 87,000 signatures — which could cost $200,000 or more, CPC economic justice director Corrine Fowler says. Now that the effort’s language has been cemented, the coalition is gathering volunteers and paid representatives to launch its signature drive.
At first glance, this seems like an unqualified advance. Technology has liberated us from the clutches of the provincial, dramatically expanding the possibilities of love.
She has tried to do everything right,
“Gopher?”
My beloved will be released. Unlike the majority of immigrant detainees, we can afford legal counsel, and with such an obvious case, and his repatriation is just a matter of time. But there are tens of thousands of others–the Rosary-maker among them–being held indefinitely and in deplorable conditions, guilty only of being pilgrims too late.
I always hate to see a query writer put their age in a query. I particularly hate it when the query writer is young. Nothing good comes of this. Agents aren't looking for "young"; they're looking for good projects.
Cleveland has a lot of natural beauty. Cleveland is not a mistake on the lake. Cleveland is a priceless gem in its rough, uncut state, buried in a mud patch, but if you clean out the mud, and shine up that gem, it would be beautiful.
(and of course all manner of post-apocalyptic, science fiction & robot related movies had to be watched to ‘research’ some of these ideas and addle my brain even further…)
Well in this blog it’s my turn to play the cyber version of TDCPoR.
Together, they witnessed the official naming of the SX130 sister pair as “Neptune Despina” and “Neptune Larissa”. This year alone, Sinopacific Shipbuilding Group has successfully delivered three global first fabricated high-end OSVs, such as GPA 696 in April and PX105 in September. With advanced construction capabilities that are rare among global OSV manufacturers, this reflects the group’s ability to manufacture deep-water OSVs and reinforces its position as a leading manufacturer of top-quality OSVs.
It’s considered as the national flower of Malaysia; Barranquilla (City in Colombia) and the state of Zulia (Venezuela)
Link back to the entry is a must on your own blog/website
Then I went to the beach.
The great crossover potential (a collection) - O.L.I/Elektra, 1998.
lookout for a replacement handle for the top left drawer...
The finished product is two large loaves of warm and delicious bread that your whole family will love!!!
Well, wow, have I learned a lot since I began lurking at ‘boobz. For instance, I learned that most married men are deeply unhappy slaves to succubus-women who delight in sucking the souls–catlike*!–from their beaten-down he-victims. This fascinates me. Because MRA’s seem to place a premium on believing that men are just naturally stronger–both mentally and physically–than women. Now, you would think that if men were just inherently stronger and smarter than women, that they could, using their super-special strongy-smarty mensy powers, extricate themselves from these borderline abusive relationships. That they haven’t makes me think they may be huge pussies.
Friend/NTSC—This refers to two of the key television broadcast benchmarks applied throughout the world: Friend and NTSC. These aren’t exchangeable since they are incompatible, so Friend won’t work inside a land using NTSC and the other way around. NTSC training video record Structure can play in any States training video game enthusiasts.
I hope everyone is well. I haven't had much time to work on the Manor in the past 2 weeks. Last weekend we spent both days outdoors getting the yard ready for winter, and yesterday I spent all day decorating the house for the holidays. Yes, some think it's a bit early, but Christmas makes me happy and that's all the reason I need!
The average milled log home wіll use pine logs іn 6" and 8" diameters. You саn аlѕo find them іn 10" and 12" diameters. Anything larger than 15" wіll рrоbаblу roll уou ovеr to a handcrafted home. Cedar logs are аn upgrade, and сan bе found in 6", 8" аnd occasionally 10" diameters. Some manufacturers morе rarely uѕе oak, cypress, fir, hemlock, larch, poplar, spruce, аnd walnut. These rarer woods wіll be a price upgrade. Because оf thе superior log care products on thе market today that protect all thе logs effectively, thе wood species largely bеcоmеs a matter оf personal taste. The best rule оf thumb whеn choosing log species іs to stay with a wood thаt іѕ native to yоur area. The logs will adapt tо the environment morе comfortably.
It was the Labor Day Holiday and our company is to have an outing in Bolinao, Pangasinan.
In boxing parlance, they feint and dance but don't hit you. They are cold and empty.
So, what is the "S Word"? Well, first and foremost, it stands for "single"... my Facebook relationship status, were I to list it there, since Facebook doesn't brand the divorced as such. (Instead, I'm silent, as I often am on this sort of thing in public fora.) Beyond that, it suggests all kinds of things: Sex, secrets, silence, sleep, signals, serendipity, surreptitiousness, self-awareness.... Even the 4-letter curse word that, according to my mother, is the first word I ever uttered (facing frustration with a toy I couldn't get to work the way I wanted, apparently).
“One of the exciting things about the cyber team is that their efforts will matter in the defense of the nation,” he said. “These people are learning skills that are going to be essential to the defense of the nation.”
Yes. Very like the word.”
Anyway....it is also my favorite food time of the year. New Jersey field grown tomatoes, peaches, blueberries and sweet corn are something seriously special. If you don't live in these parts, if you ever get to the east coast in the summer, make a special day to come to New Jersey and eat corn and tomatoes. They are THAT good. Anyway, it is also the time of year where I go all "urban homestead" and make jams and jellies, pickle and can things, and generally get very much like my grandmother. You know, because you should crank the heat up in the kitchen as much as you can during the summer months. While I spend the day on my feet doing this, I am not being active, and as you may have gleaned, the heat really saps me of my motivation. It hasn't helped that since June 1, New Jersey has been 90+ degrees ALOT. (Girl who loves to eat+not motivated to exercise = static waistline number/annoyed with myself)
And they had a full rack of Cheddar Sour Cream.
Made using wheat flour or durum wheat semolina, pasta recipes are a major part of the Italian as well as global cuisine. Italian pasta recipes can be made using hundreds of unlike types of pasta that is made in Italy, such as Linguini, Penne, Fetucini, Spaghetti and Ravioli.
We are luminous in our youth.
This might be my most favorite card I've made, yet! There's just something about it that draws me in. Plus, she's looking extra anime-ish, which is awesome. I used the C. C. Designs "PARTY TIME LUCY" digi stamp, along with a vintage butterfly image that I found at {Free Vintage Digital Stamps}. I colored the images with Copics. The DT is from Colorbok and the card stock is from Recollections. The "KISSES" sentiment is from a Penny Black set called "Mimi + Miles". I thought it went well with the butterfly... :)
K-cups include 12 Tully's Kona Coffee K-cups, 12 apple cider K-cups, 12 hot cocoa K-cups, and a 12 K-cup variety pack
* NEW Ritz Brown Sugar Cinnamon crackers
I always fear calling up to find out what the throat culture results are. Although I do just about everything in my power to keep these kids HEALTHY, not everything is in my power and there are some pretty slippery and nasty bacterias that love the environment of CF lungs. Well, there was nothing to fear. Caleb came back with completely NORMAL FLORA and Ethan came back with a scant amount of STAPH A (no big deal!)
Why don’t I judge myself first..before judging the surrounding people..what is wrong with me..I am sorry.
Yesterday, I saw Inception. And yesterday, my mind was blown. So, I took the day to sit around, contemplating how awesome that film was and how on earth I can get someone to take me to see it again.
like any most efficient way -
In the past I was motivated by money, status, and power. My ex-girlfriend (who is becoming a fixture in my blog writings) made me realize this during a fight when she informed me of her view of who I had become. I had no idea she was so right. Then again, she did not know the depth of that logic, admittedly – I don’t think I told her in a meaningful way. I suppose I was afraid she would think less of me, something I am quickly learning to be the logic behind a series of missteps with her. Nowadays, I suppose I am motivated by a vision rather than two shallow subjective feelings and one material possession which together could be referred to the Molotov cocktail of life.
But when I turned around, Robyn wasn’t there anymore. Instead, a shining, inhuman figure stood outside the ring. “I’m sorry Em. But you should have listened to your mother. Even if most of her rules were fiction. You should have at least listen to the first rule.”
He turned back to the hut. “Dantrich! Are you in there? Dantrich, it’s Stolik! Come out!”
Cream cheese icing
Republic Act No. 342, approved, July 26, 1948.
be pleased to restore America so that a generation
Whether or not America shames itself, this case has already shamed Britain, which is exposed again as a land where if you think, say or write something which the state does not approve of you can be subject to a show trial and get sent to prison.
First Course: De Glazen Toren Saison D'Erpe-Mere
6. Let the person who tagged you know when you’ve done it!
This makes me angry. It makes me angry because once again we sweep that really hard and important stuff that comes with balancing a career with parenthood under the carpet, because apparently it’s ‘just not professional’.
Now onto the third and final round. This time I'll be doing a scrapbook page, which I haven't done in quite a while. That's okay though, I'm definitely up for the challenge. God has been with me so far, equiping me with what I need. I pray, if it's His will, that He will continue to do so. Praise the Lord for His abundant blessings and I give ALL the Glory to Him!
See ya in the garden!
Fact; I like walking up to random people in Wal-Mart and giving them hugs.(‘:
San Tan Brewing Company opened it's doors in fall of 2007. They are a young company in the Arizona Beer scene. I have never actually made it to their brewpub, but I have had plenty of their beer. One such beer is called, "Sun Devil Ale", and ASU doesn't like it.
Being a man’s man, Jaxon was tall, strong, agile, and eager to explore everything the world had to offer him. Young and good-looking, the girls adored him. By the time he was eighteen, J.P. stood six feet four inches tall, and weighed two hundred and thirty pounds. Jaxon was extremely loyal to his family. Both Donald and Georgia thought the world revolved around him. As a boy, Jaxon had a love affair with baseball hats. He owned over a thousand of them, and wore a different one everyday. God couldn’t have made a better looking man. He was muscular, born work ready. His physique would have put Hercules to shame. Jaxon was built for physical labor. Broad shoulders and forearms the size of footballs, Jaxon certainly turned heads.
But then for some reason, Kristen – you start to take off your beloved hoodie. Kristen, be careful – this is far too sexy a pose for the airport. Somebody is going to notice. I can see the small of you back for goodness sakes!
I love searching YouTube for performances of my favorite hymns. I seem to always find a hidden gem. I’ve never heard of The Hastings College Choir and I’m stunned this video has barely over 13,000 views.
On the other side, women’s beach volleyball didn’t fail to appeal to all the hype. Earlier, in the competition President George Bush came to show his support of May & Walsh. In volleyball, players tap one another on the ass as a token of luck.
I believe Jesus lived and breathed and walked this earth and led a perfect life. I believe He died on a cross and then rose again 3 days later. I believe He is the savior of the world, not just a good or great man. I believe He is the only way to receive Salvation.
Hello, hello, hello my lovely readers! I hope you are all having a spiffy sort of Thursday?
Sherry is one determined girl. She cares about her family and she really does her best to pry them out of harms way. Even with her Father, although she's very stubborn however, she's stubborn in the right choices so that she can do the right things. When does, enter Joshua. Joshua is cool. He's got that fierce determination and he's pretty hot too ;) ...then the story really kicks in.
The first letter is Yud, which is a picture of a hand. The next is Hey, which is the only letter without a picture. The next, vav, is a nail. Lastly, there’s another Hey. Half the name of God is invisible, it’s a mystery. Yet, what we do know is there is a hand and a nail, showing the sacrificial nature shown by Christ has always been present in God.
The hapless Giles stumbles onto the home of the Shepherd of Clouds, who is responsible for creating and controlling the weather. The powerful Shepherd decides to keep Giles as his servant. Will Giles be able to escape in time to save his wife and his village from an invading army? This interactive show was performed live at the Memphis Children’s Theatre Festival on May 29, 2010.
Like other aspects of this story, the Admiralty Law system has been kept almost entirely secret from the public — including law schools — but the information is available if you know where to look.
Thanks to Andi at Estella's Revenge for this one: "Your challenge is to create a six-word celebration of Dewey's Read-a-Thon." My six words:
-1 cup traditional quinoa
Not long after I ran out of massage money, things got worse in various of life’s more important departments, and in a moment of emotional desperation (knowing full well that turning to religion was even more irrational than the positive thinking solution), I let the Bible fall open to see what it might offer, admittedly biasing the experiment by holding it in a way that favored the New Testament, since so much of the Old is riddled with negative thinking, judgment, and downright cruelty.
- Common Search and Examination Support Tools
—Ray González, Bloomsbury Review
makes 4 peppers
Starting the night in Manchester’s Northern Quarter mecca Socio Rehab, we gathered in the bar’s side room and the 14 strong group were welcomed with drams of Woodford Reserve. Barry, of Epernay fame, would be our host for the evening, and after a brief introduction, explained to us why the night would be starting with a bourbon feel. Whilst guiding us through the history of whiskey, a round of Woodford Reserve Old Fashioned were handed out along with Florentines to contrast with. No sooner had the rocks glass been emptied, we were making our way across the street to our next venue, Trof.
Create tacos with your favorite toppings.
And now, to the case of Friend C. Friend C used to enter relationships on the assumption that, if she didn’t make any promises, she had no real responsibility for the feelings of others – beyond common politeness. If they developed ‘feelings’, that was up to them. Then Friend C had an epiphany. She got badly hurt by Friend A, and decided that ‘I didn’t make any promises’ just wasn’t good enough. Friend C then hooked up with a very beautiful man, and after some months found that she just couldn’t ‘love’ him (or, at this point, anyone). So she set him free (and luckily, he wasn’t ‘in love’ either). Sometimes when she remembers what a very beautiful and dear man he is, she regrets it, but then, she reminds herself, I have to be very CAREFUL.
And the other one that I finished is of my nephew on our first trip to the zoo on our new zoo pass! It was last June and I have been to the zoo countless times since then. I love the bright colors on this one. The stars didn't photograph very well but they look pretty good on the layout. I used Birthday Cakes for the title.
“An expat who is about to go to another country, can receive great insights and learning just by listening to many different people out there.”
Most of all, you, as snow,
I woke up at 4:30 a.m. (one of my many nightly breaks from sleeping) and ate a small snack, thinking a full belly would be more conducive to completing the six hours of sleep I had hoped for.
I’m in the business of regime takeover, and I’m a pretty damn good fairy godmother too.
Oy, the mess.
But Weidmann is only so much of a rebel: he shares the German obsession with inflation as a bogey-man, and debt as something which must be repaid come what may. He firmly rebuffed calls for the ECB to ease off on fiscal austerity.
I am so grateful for the gospel in my life and to know that I can turn to my heavenly Father. I know that he knows what is best for me and what I can handle and I really am grateful for the experience that I did face recently.
Her quilts are auh-maze-ing!!! She has created and is working on a Space Invader quilt that is simply divine. As a kid who grew up in the 80's I am uber jealous of her nephew and this awesome quilt he will be getting. Way Cool!!!!!
Techniques: Paper Piecing, Layering, Glittering
Something so obvious was pointed out to them, but they just don’t care, huh? Also, that’s how you use “but,” Mazui.
Until then, I have a ton of shit to do.
Reason Written: Written to show the way in which God intended marriage to be the appropriate expression of physical intimacy.
Circa 1988.
Aoyama even compares choosing from 30 girls with getting his first car however he does feel conflicted stating he feels like a criminal, the process is fraudulent revealing a complex character. Regardless of all that Aoyama gets the girl.
But, for those of you who are doubtful, a direct quote from Mr. Morhaime;
beetroot, red onions and chantenay carrots
So, here we go again.. building up, from the bottom up. This time will be better, this time will be stronger, this time… This time, will be different.
Seriously, Guitar Highway Rose by Brigid Lowry. Oh my God, is magical but it's only half male POV, and Melina Marchetta's earlier novels are similarly awesome and have kickass female leads. What about Before I Fall, the Bermudez Triangle, Raw Blue and so many others? All awesome books. So yeah, I've kicked off a reading list of YA geared towards teen boys, but I do think it's pretty much just bad for the human race if one gender will only ever exclusively read about their own.
With my loved ones
4/20/9:20am – Kraeusen is already near the neck of the bottle. Temp is around 66˚ or so.
One thing is just the logistics of finding stuff in the room. Two, the hassle of washing, ironing, listing it all on EBay. Then three, dealing with any awkward people who challenge that the goods aren't as described or that they never received them. I could do without it.
After successful attempt on Red Bean Swirl Bread, my son was begging me to bake again the same bread but this time I had a little twist to the classic swirl bread using condensed milk and banana. Really easy in your bread machine or you can bake it the conventional way.
(Update: photo substitution from original)
What??? Am I the only one lost? It's kind of like those dictionary entries where you look up a word to find its meaning and then have to look up the words used in the definition of it. Really, the cost of a dress should depend mostly on the dress in question and yourself.
5. An Endless Supply of Clean Diapers by Tiny Green Elephants. An inspiring introduction to cloth diapering. Who knew cloth diapers could be so lovely?
I finally got around to getting the thread I needed and finished off my For the Love of Solids swap big item. I'm pretty happy with how its come together, and I really hope my swap partner likes it!
Every year, we put up our dancing ghosties in the front yard, hang our pumpkin lights in the front window and wait to hand out treats. E and I dress in dark clothes and sit on the porch out of sight. When the kids (only the bigger ones btw) come to trick or treat and start to ring the door bell, one of us in a deep voice, says, "Don't ring that bell!"
Yusssss. Bring on the scrunchies, jelly shoes, and Pop Rocks!
When she left, she had put a box on my counter, and asked me to open it later.
It's so wonderful that I can't resist wearing it from time to time though, and since I wanted to spend all day curled up in bed, I figured today would be a good day. I loved most of this outfit, but I'm not sure about the whole. I felt kind of like a teacher, and while that isn't a bad thing, it's not necessarily a good thing either. It just felt too... average. All of the pieces in the outfit are lovely, but together they didn't really work for me.
Sub Example1() Dim rngLastCell As Range 'what is the last cell (with or without data) in Sheet1!A:A ? Set rngLastCell = Sheet1.Cells(Sheet1.Rows.Count, "A") 'what is the last used row in Sheet1!A:A ? Debug.Print rngLastCell.End(xlUp).Row End Sub
South African Realities? What do ignorant liberals know about reality? You won't easily find more liberal bullshit than this, but it is still worth reading. Was it not for the crap about the Pre-1994 South Africa, deliberately trying to mislead people as to the truth about the time, it would have been quite a good document. Why liberals always have to splutter their political ignorance no one will ever understand. You will also never find a liberal saying a single word about the 10,000 times worse atrocities perpetrated under the ANC Regime of course and they will always do their utmost best to avoid and hide it. For some sense of reality See: Apartheid an inhumane system?
We pray for blessings
Jintan: I… It’s just been staying in my nose! Never like being aroused to damn you! Please slow dow… Nooo!!
WHAT’S the election lingo for this? A reverse chicken run? Moving from a council ward where your party has three elected councillors to one where your party has never polled first before.
The girls have also tie-dyed t-shirts, painted birdhouses, made truffles, made beautiful bracelets, made necklaces out of ribbons and washers, and hand painted silky butterflies, and still have four weeks to go.
Chuck is nice enough to offer one for a giveaway on Retrospace, and will ship a FREE poster to the winner. As usual, the first person to get the answer will be declared the winner, and will also be the proud recipient of a Trivia Newton John Award to place proudly in your blog's sidebar.
Over the past two year these rules have been exploited by teams. Firstly the interpretation of holes in the floor and continuous surfaces. This lead to the openings that allowed double diffuser. Effectively the step formed two separate, but individually continuous surfaces, allowing airflow to pass up above the step plane into the upper deck of the diffuser. This rule has been clarified for this year and a single continuous surface must be formed under the floor.
Take this thing that is happening on my blog. If nothing else I am punctual and lateness is frustrating and sometimes annoying to me. I mind the time. But for some weeks now my blog timing has been all out of sync. I have checked on the settings on the blog, I have checked all the settings on the computer. Yet comments are saying they are posted at all odd hours of the day and night. US friends who comment at night I awake to find have posted (supposedly) in the mid afternoon. My own comments saying 2.00am when it is evening here. Quite frustrating. If you've had this problem and know how to fix it, can you let me know? I see other blogs with incorrect time stamps and always assumed the blogger hasn't bothered to set it......just not me :-)
Whitney Houston was once 27. She is not believed to have been in any other clubs.
SAMPLE ANSWER: Define the deductive and inductive problems of evil, explains several different responses to them, such as free will, character formation, natural law, the ripple effect, etc. Mention the burden of proof for claims that certain evils are gratuitous, i.e. – noseeums.
Every year I try to follow on TV parts of the Cannes film festival
smiles for hugs,
'When a work of fine art is sold at an auction or by a gallery, dealer, broker, museum, or other person acting as the agent for the seller, the agent shall withhold 5 percent of the amount of the sale, locate the artist and pay the artist'.
I have a bracelet that I wear every day. It says "Respect and Honor". I use it as a daily reminder to treat the women in my life with the respect and honor that they deserve.
I remember it very well because *I* was the mother who left my 5 year-old daughter in the library! I’d told Lenore the story when she’d come to my city to do a book reading/talk. It was absolutely incredible to me to see the viciousness of the comments, to almost literally *feel* the outright hatred aimed at the mom – at ME! – despite the fact that NONE of these complete strangers knew ANYTHING about me as a person or a parent. Even though I was entirely anonymous, it stung.
After four days we decided we were ready to hit the road again and headed to Colca Canyon, the second deepest canyon in the world at 3269 meters (the deepest is close by Cotahuasi at 3535 meters, and Grand Canyon is 1800 meters). The tour took us through the antiplano which is surrounded by the three important volcanoes; Chachani, the largest, Misti, which is active (although the locals don’t like to acknowledge that fact), and Pichu Pichu. After a few hours we arrived in Colca Valley, a vast valley layered in terraces. We dropped some of the group off in the little town of Chivay, which to be honest I’m glad we weren’t staying in. It was all dusty streets and run down buildings. Because of our new flashpacker status and feeling like we needed some luxury, we had decided to stay at Colca Lodge and it was beautiful! We had a beautiful room with views of the valley, private hot springs overlooking the river, and a spa! I was in my element. I was almost tempted to skip the early pick up at 6am to see condors and just enjoy the hotel. Justin and I enjoyed the hotel for the afternoon, chatted with some fun Canadians and relaxed with a good glass of wine and some alpaca for dinner. After some convincing by Justin, we did decide to get up at 5 the next morning and headed on with the tour to see the condors soar down in the canyon and over us on the cliff side. If you’ve seen Grand Canyon then you need to wipe the meaning of canyon from your brain for about 30 minutes while looking over the edge of the cliff. It’s pretty yes, but stunning? Not really. To be honest I think the hotel experience really made our trip.
I was really trying to adjust and kind of prepared my heart since I’m so used and so in love with Lee Min ho’s pairing with Ku Hye Sun. There are certain scenes that I was completely taken aback and totally surprised especially with the GAME OVER KISS. That’s really one hot, truly unexpected kiss scene that caught me unprepared enough and blew me off!! My Gu Junpyo – Geum Jandi heart shattered. But knowing Lee Min ho, he eventually proved that being Jin ho in Personal Taste is “just a job” that he really wants to put his very best effort to and showcase his talent as an actor. With that, my heart became WHOLE again.
Pathankot Deputy Commissioner Siben. C, who is also holding the charge of Gurdaspur, said a meeting of the Peace Coordination Committee would be held tonight where a decision would be taken on whether to lift the curfew completely tomorrow or to relax it in phases.
Ok. I'm officially caving. Enjoy the last scrap of my dignity; that's all I ask - it's not much, really. This story has been a long time coming, so I'm going to savor writing it, like the lonely, leftover piece if chocolate cake you bite into and instantly know you should not be eating.
Only ‘the other’ is authentic
If I do eat these cereals, I'll always add about ten tablespoons of sugar. Why even bother adding bananas or some other fruit to your cereal. Why not just buy fruity pebbles and save on the escalating cost of produce. I also wonder whatever happened to Dunkin Donuts cereal. Talk about a way to wake up in the morning. I like my cereal with so much sugar that all you do is add cream and you can eliminate a costly morning cappuccino from Starbucks. Kids these days don't wake up with healthy cereals anyway. They wake up with Monster Energy drinks or Red Bull. When I was a kid, all it took was one of the good old cereals, and I was out the door like a rocket ship.
There will be cynics who will suspect any projections issued by the Central Bank of Ireland on property prices. There are some who will claim that the Bank made itself a hostage to fortune in March 2011 when it used baseline and adverse scenarios for future property prices to assist with estimating the capital requirements of banks. And cynics might suggest it is in the Bank’s own interest to undershoot the adverse estimate in order to avoid additional calls on taxpayers’ funds to prop up the banks.
My Dad built this reference bookcase for me a few years ago, and I don't know how I ever wrote without it! Along with my dictionary and thesaurus in the library file on my desk, it's so nice to have all my reference books within easy reach and at just the right angle. My printer is on the bottom shelf to make room for a coffee bar on the top.
And so recently I told myself, why not obligate the phone with a function that I could actually feign to stomach?
If you head on over to the ARTistic Pursuits' newly updated website, you'll run into a photo of my dear lil' Junebug on their preschool page's slideshow.
A couple of weeks ago I was asked for two Xmas cards for "the bump"! It's definitely a first for me, making a card for an unborn baby! Anyway, the only suitable image I could think of was a digi I bought a while ago from Funky Kits. Here are the cards I made:
Instead cast down. Reach up. Converge.
#5 1988 Dino Napier EP Irvin 200 Meters 20.83
The new version is certainly annoying, but not considerably more annoying than, say, Jack in the Box’s Bacon Marriage, or Jack in the Box’s Jumbaco, or any ad by Jack in the Box, really. And while I look forward to enjoying The Daily Show next week (yes, I’m all caught up) without suffering through the sniveling, I feel it is my duty to ensure that nobody ever forgets what, precisely, Verizon put my people through.
Well guess what. People still feel like that every single day.
My spring break, aside from hitting the beach once, was spent potty-training our little man. He was a champ and passed with flying colors by day 3! I trained him in underwear. A few people warned me not to...but I took the chance and it worked wonderfully. The very few accidents he had in the beginning were so small that I just hand-washed them in the sink right away and hung them to dry. Couldn't be happier. He has eaten more M&M's than I would have liked, but it worked. He got his "M" every time he went potty and he was one happy camper, as he very rarely gets chocolate or candy. I think he caught on very quickly to the "I successfully pee'd in the toilet" treat, though. He wanted to go every few minutes on the last day. Ha. He would tinkle a little and then hop off, wash his hands and run out all proud with his treat in hand(And they DO melt in your hand...not just in your mouth. Mmm hmm. False advertising, M&M people.) and then would want to return 10 minutes later and tinkle again. Stinker. Owell...whatever...I'm not gonna get all authoritarian on him and not allow it. He's consistently going and I am proud of him. He is now just wearing pull-ups at night and awesome Transformers underwear during the day :)
Bearing in mind that subsection 4 of Section 188 is a series of requirements to provide information "for the purposes of consultation" and that - in accordance with subsection 2 - such consultation must be about, amongst other things, about how to avoid or reduce redundancies and must be undertaken "with a view to reaching agreement" with union representatives, the clear meaning of the new subsections of subsection 4 of Section 188 is that the employer should not merely provide information about the current use of agency workers when notifying redundancies but should also be prepared, proactively, to use this information to avoid or reduce redundancies.
I just stopped listening to my own whining voice in my head...and got on with it!!
But there are several problems:
PERFECT FOR: A humane alternative to waterboarding in U.S. interrogation chambers.
Huh? With 20 cans of salmon-flavored cat food?
The wedding dress is probably the most important "outfit" you'll ever buy and possibly the most expensive, so why only wear it for a few hours?
For now though, I will say that he's very sick. The kind of sick that only a transplant will bring him back from.
For those of you wanting to visit Charleston and find these places...
“What’s the attraction at Toba Inlet?”
stay tuned. i promise to be back soon.
Well, last night I got my comeuppance. GDA won the first game, catching me Wild card in hand (we play for points) among other high-point cards. Oh man. In our second round, my mother kept giving me Draw Two and Draw Four cards, sorrowfully proclaiming,
The final nail in the coffin was, once we are all on-board and seated, we notice that the captain is milling around seat row one talking to the front seated passenger there, he’s not in a hurry to get away then. It was then that the flight desk made the announcement that we were waiting for a new slot, as we had missed the last one allocated to the flight, but hey, that was the least of our worries because he then told us that our bags were still waiting for a ride from our original departure gate, at good old D21.
As we evolve in consciousness, we move from the animal-like state of preservation and survival to developing our own identity as a separate individual. In the process we become more self-centered. The next step is the development of the true individual — one who experiences no separation between self and other and awakens loving kindness. We always remind ourselves what the Dalai Lama said to us when we met with him: We are all equal here. The depth of this statement always connects us to our humility.
Then choose one quote from this section to submit to our discussion. Explain why you chose it, and give your response to the architect’s words.
The first point worth noting is the support given by the brewing community as evidenced by the many familiar faces at tables set out across the floor of the very elegant Thornbury Theatre. From brewers to beer book publishers and venue operators and staff there were plenty on hand to make sure the night was given every chance of success.
It is certainly true that she was brought down by an irresistible pincer movement of right-wing bloggers. First, the neo-cons at the Commentator picked up on footage of the Middlesex University event posted by the redoubtable Richard Millett and then passed the baton to the conservative attack dogs at Guido Fawkes.
By the way, if I elect to honor the results of the 2009 Gimmick Poll, and should my vast readership of roughly two dozen vote that I’ll only blog beers from the United States’ western region, you can rest assured that I’ll still try beers from the eastern U.S. I just won’t be bragging about it here!
New York: December 12, 1944
Because if you are making mistakes, then you are making new things, trying new things, learning, living, pushing yourself, changing yourself, changing your world. You’re doing things you’ve never done before, and more importantly, you’re Doing Something.
When the van stopped and the woman tried to run away, the metro officers fired a warning shot and ordered the driver to surrender, but he refused. A police dog was set on him.
my breathing
Even some of the gun shop owners expressed discomfort with the number of weapons they were selling to shady customers, but were reportedly told to continue the operation.
The beer smells sweet, and tastes spicy – ginger comes to mind. This was my favorite of the brews we tried, but Sara and Steve weren’t as impressed. They would buy it in a variety pack and enjoy it alongside a lot of other options.
Once upon a time, our livestock were fed with grass/hay; now, their diet is nearly entirely corn based. Thus, the majority of the biomass that you consume when eating beef is corn derived.
Rama’s show wasn’t in one of the larger studios usually reserved for the big serials. He broadcasted his lecture from a much smaller room, one as large as a family den. I quietly found a seat in the back as he was already into his lecture. Rama delivered his lecture with a small sheaf of papers and a pitcher of water with drinking glass nearby. He wore a white linen suit, which accented his very dark features. The small audience was hanging on to his every word.
Today I'm posting pictures of my quilt so far. I've pieced all but one of the star blocks and quilted a "filler" block. I've quilted 4 of the stars as well.
-Calvin and Hobbes
Dr. Visits:
"To remove sunburn.
just begun
my eyes are not haughty.
bombard your mind all day long but by beginning to notice unwelcome or
Third dimensional life has been quite interesting, rather challenging yet engaging, and definitely comprehensive since the full moon.
...Speak a praise.
If you've been avoiding making jewelry, but want to, this is the perfect project to start with. Especially the bracelet - you don't even need any special tools for it - $10 or less in supplies and you'll have what you need for more than 1 bracelet. As soon as I saw these tiger's eye green beads, I knew they'd been fun for halloween-time. I'll post the tutorial for the earrings next week...
Not taking for granted the challenge everyday of having to speak and understand Spanish (have I told you how crazy it’s going to be when I return to the USofA and just have to speak English? How boring that will be!)
“This little girl looks hungry master.” Darien knelt down on the floor next to the couch, shaking Addison’s shoulders. Her eyes fluttered open and close a few times but they couldn’t focus on Darien’s face. “You better come and feed her.”
Thomas went on to serve the city as a magistrate, JP and a town councillor. He also played a role in acquiring what is now Elswick Park for the benfit of the public.
Energy crackled through the room. The two men glared at each other. The tension ratcheted up a notch and objects on the shelves began to rattle.
without ever having felt sorry for itself.
Barbara laughed. “That’s a Churro!”
As you can see, all of the crackle top coats appear black in bottle. Once applied to the white base coat, they tint the white with color.
And Khusrau is the loving bride, Oh Nijaam.
For fish that fly, and birds, a noise
The Bedouin of the Jahalin Tribe originate from the Tel Arad district of the Negev desert. Their traditional tribal territory ranges from 50km north‐east of Bir Sheva to 30km west of the Dead Sea and 30km south of Hebron City. Tribal history relates that from 1949 the Israeli Authorities began a campaign of forced evacuation against the Bedouin in the Tel Arad region. Refusing to collaborate with the IDF, the Jahalin came under increasing pressure from the Israeli forces to leave their lands. Physical and psychological violence increased, resulting in the demolition and burning of homes and the fatal shootings of at least five of the Jahalin by Israeli troops. Following the shootings and ongoing violence, the Jahalin Tribe fled their tribal territories to the edges of the Negev, before moving into Jordan and the West Bank, seeking refugee status with UNRWA in the early 1950s.
I think my son, Adam, was 6 or 7 when my mom and I took he and his sister Alex to a petting zoo at a local resort.
and scorns my wanton desire.
WELCOME to my new followers and visitors! I hit an all time HIGH views last week over 850 in one day.
4 cups fresh strawberries, stems removed and halved
“Didn't you see the sign in the layby? You're not allowed!”
-Babies R Us, Baby Depot, and USA Baby usually carry American Baby and Baby Talk magazines.
All I can remember about the list was that, at some point, my top two authors were Franklin W. Dixon and John Creasey. Not my favourite authors... I'd simply read more books by those two than any other writer. If you'd asked me to name my favourite author, I would probably have said the name of whoever's book I happened to be reading at the time. I was rather caught out this way during my interview for the local grammar school as the book I was reading was Twelve Chinks and a Woman by James Hadley Chase. Actually, it those more PC times — 1973 — it had been retitled The Doll's Bad News and that was the book I had tucked in my pocket at the interview.
My eye was later caught by this wonderful Victorian warehouse dating from 1893. On the rear, it still has one of the hoists in place and loading bay doors will fold-down platforms. (See picture on the right). Today it serves as a not-for-profit art exhibition gallery.
of no longer being a stranger
Evening all! My poor little lamb is still poorly. He perked up Friday afternoon so thought great he can go footie tomorrow then Saturday morning he was dreadful, perked up lunchtime then bad again in afternoon. Today he wasn't too bad this morning then got steadily worse and has been up and down all day. Hes got school trip tomorrow as well to see the dinosaurs at Liverpool museum but im going to keep him off and we'll all go when hes better and make a day of it and go by train. Will give him chance to recouperate too as this ia 3rd time in as many weeks hes been poorly and hes rarely ill, think hes only been Dr twice.
we abandon ourselves to your perfect will.
At least…that’s what I do when I’m not reading or eating Valentine cookies…
The best way to understand our specifically subversive intentions in trying to make an intervention into the hip hop world is to note the alias that we'd rechristened ourselves as: The Water Brothers. Legendary pop sci-fi author Robert Heinlein had used aliens going by this name in order to secretly spread Aleister Crowley's Thelemic teachings to the masses in his celebrated book Stranger In A Strange Land and we in turn would use the Trojan Horse of hip hop in order to seed the VDO audio virus as far and as wide as we could before anyone put 2 and 2 together and realized exactly what kind of avant garde acidhead subversives that they'd unexpectedly and unintentionally released into pop culture.
In America we ask for the time. Here, we ask for the month. It’s the most obvious difference. The pace of life here is slow, methodical, cyclical. Everything takes a long time. If you aren’t a patient person you will become one.
:: rubbed sandpaper on a spackled seam and walked in a pantry in my home that isn't there...
No Nanny McFee for me, then!
2010.08.02 Iraq Baghdad 10 22 A coffee shop and a residential neighborhood are among a series of bomb blast sites that leave ten dead.
So, far from denying that he has had no association whatsoever with Mr Chia, could Musa Aman explain in detail how and why this boy was in receipt of so many state timber concessions, granted by the Board of Yayasan Trustees of which he was the Chairman?
* About 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup
I watched a documentary today where a woman said that she once owned a clinic where she and her doctors botched an abortion. The patient was a 12-year-old girl. The procedure not only dismembered the baby, ripping her bones right out of their sockets before she could even scream, but the suction machine caught on the girl’s intestines and pulled her colon out through her own vagina.
he's got it all worked out, that bonz.
Ignored. Went with iinspiration of spring, childhood, and those perfect days…
Kat: Au, il faut vraiment que tu travailles ton anglais.
Some years back I was falsely accused of committing a felony and spent weeks in jail until everything was sorted out and the facts were made clear. Until then I was locked in a tiny cell by myself with very little human contact. It was difficult to feel that God was there with me and that He cared. That when I wept, Jesus also wept. One day I had a visitor. It was the new pastor of the church I had attended in the past. I asked him difficult questions such as “why”? Why did God allow this nightmare? The pastor of course could not answer this but he told me something I will never forget. He said there are biblical examples of men who had been wrongly accused and God worked everything out and they ended up more truly blessed. What men had meant for harm, God used for their good. I felt like a weight had suddenly been lifted off my shoulders. I was in very good company.The Bible is full of stories of men of God who had to spend time in the wilderness.
We've almost reached the school year finish line - summer. By this point, students are looking forward to sleeping in, going out at the pool, hanging out with friends, or heading off to family vacation destinations. All of these, except for sleeping, present opportunities for reading. The value and importance of summer reading can't be ignored. Those who use summertime for anything but reading generally regress and struggle to make up the strides they've made during the previous school year.
This is god's list of things he finds yucky, don't they all deserve equal attention?
As a business leader, it is important to have a sound mind and make sound decisions. There are 2 schools of thought; one that suggests the importance of empathy in business and the other, which states that business decisions are to be devoid of emotions.
- pour the eggs, ground almonds and sugar into a food processor or large bowl, add the cooled apples and blitz until well combined
14. Herman's Hermits 'End of the World'
The custody of their children will be determined by the gender and ages of the children -- not a "best interests" analysis.
Sandy cloud was the densest in the entire history of observations of such phenomena.
The Nedster started taking fits last autumn. Nothing to worry about yadda yadda, come back if they become frequent said the vet. How frequent is frequent? I asked being uninformed about all this. More than once a fortnight said the vet.
LS: I've been with the Dinettes from the very beginning, 2002. Mermaidra (Tanya Rynd) asked me to show some hula moves I picked up in Hawaii to her East River friends; the next thing we knew we were Dinettes.
One part of us want - A house /garden to chill in / room for pets to run about... Plenty of scope for changing things about.. more space.. prob cheaper heating that our other option which is an old property - a flat with nice features.
We had previous dinner reservations for restaurant week tonight, so we packed up the emotional baggage and went to dinner. He was still on his best behavior. It was extremely cold in the restaurant, so he went back to the car and got his jacket for me. It was sweet. Here and there throughout the dinner we were able to touch on a few things briefly.
There was a genre of imperious women in the twenties whose hell-for -leather manner made them seem slightly mannish. They were sometimes beautiful, but their airs were predatory and their voices were sometimes quite guttural.
I've enjoyed the diet, but for me, I think the key to sticking to it has been the long timeframe and the public accountability. After two weeks of pushing through, real food has become what I love to eat, and processed foods sound gross to me now.
In order to help with the learning curve Google Earth has the following features to get you up and running:
Your heart is arguably the most important organ in your body. It beats approximately 100,000 times a day or 35 million times in a year. During your lifetime, your heart will beat more than 2.5 billion times. Find a tennis ball and give a good, hard squeeze. That is how much force your heart exerts every time it pumps blood out of the heart. Even when you’re lounging on the couch the muscles of your heart work harder than your leg muscles when you’re at a full sprint!
This time of year is special to me because it represents new life in Christ for me and for others and all the newness of a day or a year, an idea and new life changes. There is so much hope associated with Spring!
Brushes in different sizes (about $5 for a good beginner’s brush kit)
Hello fans and friends. So sorry to have been radio silent the last week or so. My Momma Bear was visiting and I just couldn’t find the time and sit down and write. And…well..not that much exciting stuff was going anyway. But now I’m back and hoping to have tons to say in the next few weeks.
2 cups (389 g) of sugar
TURKISH DELIGHT (A picture of Turkish Delight. This is not enchanted. I just wanted to share the look of the food that Edmund Pevensie really wants. I wonder what it tastes like…) Photo reference: http://www.kusadasi.tv/history-turkish-delight-lokum.html ——————————————————————————————————————–
You can’t swing a cat on Pinterest without hitting pins about the sock bun and/or sock bun curls. So does this actually work? Let’s find out, shall we?
A piece by Nicholas Carr in the Outlook Section of the Washington Post, “In Google we trust, a bit too much,” (June 6, 2010 B3) raised some interesting questions about the possible harmful effects of technology. The specific Google feature addressed in this piece was the directions one can request from Google. Of course directions can be found in a variety of sources besides Google, but the general concern was using Global Positioning Systems (GPS) for navigating ourselves. The Healthymemory Blog previously presented the study (“How Memory Works”) regarding the size of the hippocampi of London cab drivers. The hippocampus (its plural being hippocampi) is a brain structure essential for effective memory, particularly for the storage and retrieval of new memories. To receive a license as a London cab driver there is a test that requires the candidate driver to commit to memory the entire map of London. Drivers who earn this license had hippocampi that are larger then normal. The neuroscientist who led this study, Eleanor Maguire, fears that if London cab drivers adopt satellite navigation, their hippocampi will shrink with the consequent loss of much of their remarkable navigation sense. She is quoted as saying “We very much hope that they don’t start using it.”
What’s your gingerbread man eating style? Me? I snap the head off first and then eat the left leg. Can I interpret that to mean I am an achievement oriented natural leader with a sensitive side?
for cruelty-free makeup
a lot could happen between those 2 years right?
A Lowland distillery that was mothballed for much of the '90s and doesn't send its distillery bottlings to the US, Bladnoch is not easy to find. Even finding independent bottlings can be a challenge. The nose on this Chieftain's bottling is of pure, rich malt with a pinch of dried fruit in the back. The palate is also malt forward with sweet grassy notes, fruit cocktail syrup, and perhaps just a touch of a sherry-like quality. The finish is sweet and malty with fruit. This reminds me of some of the best Lowlanders I've had, thick, rich, malty and syrupy (but not at all light, which is the stereotype for Lowlanders that really only applies to Auchentoshan). Good stuff and a very good price for what it is.
1. The Last Rose Of Summer 4:33
On low speed, add the flour mixture, and mix just until blended. Stir in walnuts and chocolate chunks. Drop by tablespoons (I use a small ice cream scoop) onto sheet pans, 2 inches apart. Bake for 12-15 minutes. Adapted from At Blanchard's Table.
WANDA- "How horrible."
But back to hypocrisy. Just as with rats in London, you’re never more than ten feet from a hypocrite at EU or G20 meetings. Nicolas Sarkozy – a man whose country has ignored all EU directives it doesn’t like, and never once been in budget since the euro started – tore into Papandreou (I’m told) with the words, “If you don’t obey the rules, then you must leave the eurozone…accept the plan, or you will not get a single cent more”. (Apparently, Sarko used the word ‘centime’, a deliciously unconscious irony, in that even in what to call the currency’s shrapnel eleven years ago, the French insisted on a special dispensation to keep the French suffix ‘ime’.)
Anyway, the dog came, piping hot. You get to see them put it all together, if you sit at the counter, and this dog did not disappoint. The chili was all-meat, but it was much lighter than I expected, probably because the meat was all ground meat. There was definitely a smokiness to it, which the regular dog (which my friend ordered) didn't have. Basically, a pretty flavorful dog.
It grew, a starlit flag unfurled!
However, the two skulls indicate that the domestication of dogs by humans occurred repeatedly throughout early human history at different geographical locations, which could mean that modern dogs have multiple ancestors rather than a single common ancestor.
I marvelled at your
Fellow cupcake addicts: Run, don't walk, to Dorothy Ann's. This place has a mouth watering selection of cupcakes in their case, all piled high with rich frosting and many with cream fillings. The pistachio chocolate cupcake is frosted with chocolate buttercream frosting, filled with an AMAZING pistachio cream, and sprinkled with crushed pistachios. This cupcake will make me a repeat customer. Also delicious is the pina colada cupcake, filled with a pineapple jelly and topped with a creamy coconut frosting. Dorothy Ann's makes a lot of seasonal treats. Currently they have Irish Cream cupcakes, four leaf clover sugar cookies, and many other green goodies. All cupcakes are $2 a piece, while most bakery items will cost you even less. The location can be tricky to find tucked about a half mile off of Tamarack Rd. and Commerce Drive, but it is certainly worth the search!
Any plans for April Fools tomorrow? One year I put a rubber-band around the kitchen sink faucet sprayer and got my husband and both boys really wet when they turned on the faucet. I thought it was funny, but they didn't really share my sentiment. LOL
PERSONAL DEMONS: What are you talking about? Look, nipples!
Sarah tagged me the other day. I usually ignore this sort of thing - blog tagging is on par with those surveys your friends send you where you have to answer questions like, what kind of underwear are you wearing right now? or, if you were an animal, what animal would you be? or that creepy Tibetan forward with the music where you have to figure out which colors remind you of which friends, and in the end it's revealed that the way you feel about coffee is actually the way you feel about sex - but lets face it, I haven't posted anything in a long time, so here goes:
Some of us have had the good fortune to be dragged to this week’s mania movie, The Hunger Games. I did not see the story as fictional, as my 11 year old daughter did.
► Modern conflicts and the definition of "bellum"
let the countdown begin. I'm going home in less than a week and couldn't be more excited about it, I really need to clear my head... life (=work) has been a bit crazy in the last few month and I've discovered I like it that way - possibly a little too much for my own good.
Despite this peculiar assortment of NHL teams, we are all united in our simple love for the game. We are a family that loves winter, and hockey is winter’s sport. From the freshly groomed ice and flashing skate blades of warm-ups to the sound of the final horn and leaving the arena only to find an inch of snow on our cars, the game is like no other. There is nothing like the scrape of skates on ice. Pucks thudding against the dasher. Boards rattling. Hockey has it all. The strength, in the leveling hits and the fights, combined with the grace of the skaters who can stop, reverse, turn, spin, glide on their blades, knifing across the ice. The puck caroming off the boards, skidding into the net or into the goalies, who’re sprawled on their backs, stomach, knees, throwing each and every limb out any which way just to make the save. The smack of a slapshot, or the littlest flick of the wrister; a backdoor pass through the crease. The clank of the puck off the crossbar. The drop pass in the slot. Splitting the defenders. No look passing. (I do not suggest that.) Overtime goals. Double overtime in and of itself. “The name on the front of the jersey”. Tic-tac-toe plays. The after-goal hug. The smell of ice. At 26, I’ve been a hockey fan for years and years now and there is still nothing like watching that player on your team slam the puck straight into the back of the net. The red light flares. Goal horn blares. Fist pump. Grin.
Read on, and learn, and remember… you don’t have to use these in any particular order! In fact, mixing them up can really keep those Marginalised People™ on their toes! After all, they are pretty much used to hearing this stuff, so you don’t want to get too predictable or they’ll get lazy! (yep, you know it...code not fixed. There is no "more" to the "read more" link.)
- 100g plain yogurt (such as greek yogurt)
And then I discovered PVR's dark dark underbelly.
Garrett Haake got the opportunity to do just this when he was able to listen into the Romney fund raiser along with another reporter quite by accident.With a question and answer session taking place in an outdoor tent, it was not difficult to do. Garrett Haake of NBC then reported the following:
Pour ginger ale over the ham.
Can't wait for spring to arrive so while digging through my DP pile I found this lovely floral paper from my Costco pack and decided to use it to "wish" spring here early.
That they were all the same.
- Cardboard will eventually dent and wear over time.
Kris-In-Law writes:
You’ll get many earnest guys
She leads us inside.
- Mick Jagger: chant, choeurs, harmonica sur "Parachute Woman"
One important note is that at least with CIEE it takes them 10-12 weeks to process your grades. That is something that was not made clear during the application or entrance process. That would not have changed my decision, however I would have anticipated some of the challenges I am currently facing. Your grades have to be processed by a certain date each quarter for your graduation application not to be cancelled for lack of a better term, one that at the moment I may be pushing. Graduation deadlines for grades may or may not be as easily compatible with the external program timelines as desired. At the very least this part of the process is delaying my ability to plan on going back to Costa Rica, because I need to be sure that my degrees are officially completed as soon as possible.
One person called the various collections that we choose to ignore Elephants...
When we reached the point where she would continue down the last toll and I would head towards another interstate (we live in different cities) I called her to say goodbye. She actually sort of complained that I never stopped for a potty break. SERIOUSLY?! I actually felt bad. for a moment. She very well could have called me and said her daughter needed to use the bathroom. We could have used a break too, but I didn't need rudeness if we stopped.
The movie by Claude Lelouch is a bumpers eye view of an early morning race through Paris' not quite awake streets. No digital trickery the camera records the whole trip in one take blown red lights and about a million moving violations.
Here's a Stampscape for ya!
Reed believes much of the mid-20th-century prejudice against Bloomsbury style stemmed from its inherent femininity -- appreciation for the domestic sphere and celebration of the individual. I see their experiments as a precursor to everything domino magazine embodied: Home should make you happy. Vanessa Bell first began living this philosophy in 1904, after the death of her father, when she was able to move to 46 Gordon Square in London's Bloombury district, ditch the dark woodwork and plush red velvet, and create an airy, white-walled space punctuated by vividly colored Indian shawls.*
With the recent fiascos induced locally by the Chocolate Ale and Hopslam releases, it only seemed appropriate to touch on these issues since they're already being discussed via social media outlets. I've seen many frustrations expressed recently with various retailers' business practices when it comes to limited releases. Price gouging is consistently at the top of the list of retailer complaints. As a recent example, Beer Cave in Lenexa shamelessly priced their Chocolate Ale bottles at $25 each. Of course, they didn't feel guilty about it or issue an apology until AFTER all the bottles had sold, but they tried to deflect blame on Boulevard for not allotting enough to Kansas City. Strange, since other stores in the metro didn't seem to have a problem charging MSRP or at least close to it. Of course, the fact still remains that Beer Cave still sold all of their bottles, so to them it's not a problem, and I'm sure they'll practice the same habits for other limited releases simply because THEY CAN. The demand is there, the money gets thrown down on the counter, so what do they care? Just like Mike's Liquor can break open their Hopslam six packs and sell them in chunks of 3 for $10 each and when customers question the practice, answer rudely with responses like "Well you don't have to buy it, do ya?". There's either no law regulating these types of activities, or if there are, some retailers do everything they can to ride that thin line as closely as possible to what's legal and what's illegal. When the rules are so flexible, some people will always take the chance to bend them.
When I got off the phone my head exploded. It was really gross. Poor Chuck had to order me a new one. Luckily it came just in time for story time. And luckily the library let me borrow the new and improved “Grammying for Dummies: How not to stomp on your daughter's heart.”
"Katy Perry has ditched evangelism for a sexy cash-in,'' Johns said.
Let me just say up front that I'm really glad we went. I took my boys, and we had a great time. Now that I've been there once though, there are a few things I learned and probably would have done differently. Our plan was first to go snowshoeing with the guys from my wardroom, and then head over to the tubing area, and it was a pretty good line-up of activities for our snow-fun day.
I used my Sew Easy tool with the zigzag head for the stitching. This was actually the first time I used this tool. I do not have the recommended mat for it, so I just used my mouse pad. It worked pretty well, but I was trying to poke through 2 and 3 sheets of cardstock. I don't doubt that if I woulda pressed harder, it woulda gone through perfectly. but I didn't want to risk ruining the paper since I hadn't used this before. It's really fun to use!
I just realized that I bought 3 pairs of shorts, and all three have rolled cuffs.
Tom Myers found the EPA’s science to be sound, but has several recommendations. One is to put a tracer in fracking fluids to show a clear connection, or no connection, to pollution.
Before I left, I also wanted to write a gushy love post about the Phantom of the Opera play. I had heard about the play a long time ago because my mom is a huge fan of going to plays in New York (she loved Cats). I wasn't too much into it being a Californian and only having gone to one play when I was younger. I did manage to see the movie sometime back and I loved the set designs, the music and the story. I kept hearing about how much better the play was with more emotion and impact than the movie. It wasn't until I was moving and had a chance to check out the 25th anniversary of the play at the Royal Albert Hall on PBS when I fell in complete love with the broadway musical.
I added a row of pearls to the pot rim too, the flowers are from WOC and other,
Title: The Kids In The Shoe
Utopia HD – Features an eccentric style and tons of options.
- lactic sub-acidity
Code Name Verity by Elizabeth Wein (p.246-300)
Initial call/e-mail
Dude, I think every new year should be spent in reflection, but honestly, I'm tired of reflecting. I think it's all I've done for the past four months and it's EXHAUSTING.
And for the wee little trees she used tinker toys!!! How clever!
Alcohol is similarly circumscribed, again with an eye to public health and, again, with a particular concern for young people.
"What do you want?" Mary asked.
December Retreat
The film was made on a then huge budget of $30 Million dollars. It went on to make over $120 Million worldwide, making it a huge hit.
$1.18 Trillion: Total Cost Of Obama's First Stimulus With Interest. (CBO, 1/31/12,CBO, 1/27/09)
2 days later which is today, my OCD kicked in big time, and my fingers were itching to wash the car. Mostly splashed with what I assume are salt stains, and dirt.
SERVE WARM OR ROOM TEMPERATURE....
Size does matter gents. Don’t let anybody tell you differently.
If you read my blog post for the Easter cupcakes then you would know that I tried a cupcake recipe from "Hello Cupcakes" and it was a complete fail. I've been skeptical about trying other recipes until I saw this youtube video. It's a vanilla cake recipe from Crumbboss and the batter had a nice consistency so I thought I'd give it a try. As a rule of thumb, I judge consistency by dipping a spatula in the bowl and scooping up some batter. If it falls in a ribbon, then it's good. If it comes off in big dollops then it's too thick.
I have no idea what I'm doing, and I find that ultimately scary as hell. I listen to all the doctors, I read everything I can, and I take leaps of practical faith when I can. I'm sure I could be braver, I'm sure I could be more cautious too. When I am not sure of, is that the medical fraternity is committed to making any positive change in the lives of autistic people.
Once upon a time there was a beautiful princess that was named Aurora. The princess had a crown, even the fairies. And the fairies came and said, "Why don't you fly?" The princess said, "Because my wings are broken." They went out to the pond and they got their bathing suits on. One was sparkly and one had butterflies on it. ~Sadie
Birth defects such as blindness were largely regarded as punishment for sin in Jesus’ day (notice the question that Jesus’ disciples ask). What does Jesus say is the reason for this man’s blindness? In what way does this miracle demonstrate what it means for Jesus to be the ‘light of the world’?
However, Ulster have continually defied the odds in this year’s tournament, having overcome an incredibly tough pool and then conquering at one of the toughest venues in the game to gain the opportunity of securing the province’s second European crown.
Whatever the Russians choose to do, it is likely to cause a split in the OCA. If the Russians reassumed oversight of the OCA, the more liberal segment of the OCA is likely to separate from that body and form their own province. If the Russians disown the OCA, the more conservative segment of the OCA is likely to seek to remain with the Russian Orthodox Church.
Hugh J. Schonfield
I read this article the other day by the Mayo Clinic staff and it appears very much worth republishing. Please read this and adjust your life accordingly. It’s really not that difficult to lead a healthy life style and live longer lives.
Tuesday, Lucy had 2 doctor visits in Sacramento...
Carol's still painting eggs. Check out her blog.
“Betsy, you may be dismissed,” Aleksander said to the governess. As soon as the older woman disappeared out of sight, he advanced on Katarina. He lifted her hand and laid a kiss on her limber wrist. He stepped back, then twirled her around as if on the floor of a ballroom. She pirouetted twice before he stopped her. Aleksander clutched her hip with an unyielding grip and pulled her against his strong, athletic build, his erection flush against her thigh. Katarina’s fingers automatically grasped his broad shoulders to keep from falling. At the same time, he inclined his head to whisper in her ear. “I make it a habit to treat my guests well. As long as they deliver what is expected.”
Thomas M. Brennan, 32, Scarsdale, N.Y.
If cost is a factor, what’s wrong with recommending a shorter initial benefit period, given the fact that most disabilities last between two and five years?
In U.S. Philips Corporation v. Iwasaki Electric Company LTD. (November 2, 2007), the Federal Circuit held that "when the information printed on the patent is correct, it is enough to put an accused infringer on notice of the patentee’s identity" for an infringement notification letter. According to the opinion by Circuit Judge Linn:
All along the shore we have these hibiscus growing and reseeding with abandonment. Hibiscus moscheutos-- Crimson-eyed hibiscus and its seedpods--look at all those seeds!
You followed the idiots
vitamins that will not let you have deficiencies and thus, have a
GET.
cardinals singing their familiar songs as they flit from tree to tree
Government and corporate sources also have the great merit of being recognizable and credible by their status and prestige. This is important to the mass media. As Fishman notes,
*Thanks for always making me laugh!
As the sun first began to rise, it sent low shafts of light across the valley, catching treetops and lighting the topside of the mist while depressions remained in shadow. These next three images show the interplay of light and shadow, of mist, tree and water. You can see the mist boiling off the top of the rivers and ponds, much warmer than the cold air sitting atop them, like steam off a cauldron.
Given the accumulating evidence it seems like McGovern's theory is dead on. In fact, what science and archeology has uncovered in the last 80 years or so - most of which has been kept under wraps by mindless, terrified, mainstream channels - has literally redefined how we should see a great many things, from what we were taught in school about religion and the origins of man, to the very history of our own country. In this day and age of all-access information, keeping our heads buried in the sand is no longer a viable excuse for complete and utter ignorance.
Once ripening begins, more ethylene is produced, and the ripening accelerates. If that perfect yellow banana is not eaten at peak ripeness, ethylene will turn it brown and mushy.
to get my attention,
Hope everyone has a fun safe night tonight! I'll be in class and studying for tests until the sunsets, and then I plan on dressing up and going down town with a few friends for an hour or two-nothing too exciting, but better than nothing.
Tomorrow, meanwhile, Ms Shannon will deliver a talk relating the voyage of the Jamestown to Cobh in the spring of 1847, when it delivered 800 tons of food and supplies.
Because, let's face it, our main fear is the uncertainty of what happens to us after we die. That uncertainty is the horror locked away inside every instant of every hour of every day of our entire lives. That question. And there are two possible outcomes and both have their own terrors: eternal life is a daunting prospect. But eternal oblivion is worse. There's no point denying it. If we're going to be strictly honest with ourselves, endless oblivion is what we dread most. A cosmos where there is no afterlife, a purely mechanistic universe with no place for souls. The theory that our souls are purely by-products of our minds, and that our minds are merely by-products of our brains, is called epiphenomenalism. When our brain dies we have no more mind, and thus no more soul. We became nothing. Oblivion. Oblivion until the end of Time.
So one day when we were at a playdate, a friend of mine had her baby boy wearing a pair of Skidders. They looked so comfy, but still had a little bit of support for their growing feet. I found a pair of Skidders at Target and thought they were a great deal $12!!! Wouldn't you know my son keeps them on! He loves them and so do I. I call them his slippers and it is nice that he always has something on his feet that will work for our impromptu trips outside all day long. They are great. Cute designs, comfortable and easy to get on off for mom, but not to tempting for baby;)
5. launch a lugaw business and really invest in it. Since I have quite a distaste for chichi concept overpriced restos that have minimalist decor, I’ll make sure my lugaw business is tasteful and tacky in all the right places but still super good. I will most certainly not market it as a fusion-something of the old and the modern lugaw. I will most certainly not call it Le Leugaw or something vomitty like that. I will buy out of the fancy ass Greenbelt 3 diners and represent. Maybe I’ll just buy Greenbelt 3.
So now you will see my "mug shot" in a layout created by Suzanne using the Cheerful Treat Designer Papers, which are avaliable as a "Hostess Spend"
Chicken Breast Stir Fry with Broccoli and Bean Sprouts
Wilders' message resonates with many Dutch who are fed up with massive Muslim immigration. His Freedom Party is now the third largest in Holland. His popularity only increased after he was found not guilty on hate speech charges in a Dutch court last year. Wilders explained that what keeps him going in the face of such adversity is the need save his country from the cancer of "cultural relativism."
For me, I remember spending time with my mom in the kitchen baking cookies or helping with dinner. Oh, I cherish those memories! It was a lighthearted time we spent together, enjoying each others company and deepening our relationship.
A Russian Imperial Stout in...
My latest thing is grunge style, I love to play with GlimmerMist.
Hey, speaking of that, when will the next blog post be, and how often will you post?
- Q tonic
Nigeria has slipped back a place
Tal
that I could call on
My goal this season is to learn to be methodical and organized and I'm not feeling confident at all. I'm a lot of things but no one has ever said organizational skills and goal-setting were among my strengths. I am more confident and excited about adding new classes and routines to my workouts. Simplifying. De-cluttering my life. I don't want to stall but slow down and enjoy what really matters: plugging in to places and with folks I love, enjoying a good cup of coffee, meditating and laughing more with the kidlet.
We are very excited to have two lovely sponsors this week with magnificent surprises for two very lucky participants!!
Yeah, I didn’t think so.
because people stopped looking for jobs
Shame had to release it’s terrible hold
Spludig Vur Thrigg!
They told me things I didn't want to hear. They showed me things I didn't want to see. They made me face thing I didn't want to face.
Stampin' Mist
He continues to surround me with His presence and love. I depend on His help in everything that I do and He has never failed me.
No matter which method we choose, it’s much more cost effective for us to work with a cryobank and order anonymous donor sperm than it would be for us to process our own donor, freeze his and use it. Of course, selecting a new donor brings a whole new world of options to us. It is kind of fun to think about being able to just call up and order half of your child’s genetic traits though. So, is your head spinning yet? Good. You’re caught up to where I was a few days ago.
but everyone
c) Various abuse of power cases still pending and uncompensated thus far.
For months, congressional Republicans probing ATF’s Fast and Furious “Gunwalker” scandal – led by California Republican Darrell Issa, have been investigating a contempt citation. They’ve worked quietly behind the scenes to build support among fellow Republicans, since it could ultimately face a full House vote. CBS News has confirmed that House Speaker John Boehner, an Ohio Republican, has given Rep. Issa, who heads the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, the go-ahead to proceed. A 48-page long draft contempt resolution is being prepared.
Look Papa! We went to Craigville Beach and played in the sand and thought of you! It was so windy and freezing cold so we had our picnic in the car. :) I forgot to get some sand for my collection so we will take you back there when you come visit us!
“I shall never fight in the armed forces with a Negro by my side … Rather I should die a thousand times, and see Old Glory trampled in the dirt never to rise again, than to see this beloved land of ours become degraded by race mongrels, a throwback to the blackest specimen from the wilds.”
In the museum building they had a Russian Soyuz rocket capsule that launched the first Bulgarian Cosmonaut. I also stuck my nose in an off-limits area where they had a lot of really old aircraft hidden away in a dark locked hanger – wish I could have gotten in there! Way out the back were the wrecks of various aircraft and helicopters.
Syed Abdul Fatha, 54, Newark, N.J.
While security remains a major concern and, in some cases, a roadblock to public cloud adoption, agencies like the Department of Homeland Security are bucking the trend. DHS announced in May plans to move its public websites to the public cloud.
This first card uses another adorable image from MadeByJanet on Etsy. I paired it with a sentiment stamp from Papertrey Ink for what I thought would be a fun friendship or birthday card, or maybe even an out-of-the-ordinary Valentine!
Action you can take:
And it's inspiring me to paint this room. I kept checking it out all weekend, trying for inspiration. The current white is a bit stark. Gray could be an elegant choice - and it certainly would be safe. But I'm not one for safe paint choices. And anyway, I kept coming back to lavender.
If there's ever been a way to describe DAC, it has got to be his ability to defy categorization. With nearly three decades of following his musical muse wherever it's led, this outlaw has crossed the panorama of American roots music.
You've taken the first step towards being able hold proof of your precious memories in your hands!
And cheek by jowl with many a growl
Well stop.
Her site is just like it sounds- she's crazy about her baybah! And who wouldn't be, he's flipping adorable!
I ask your merciful forgiveness when I don’t always believe that I am well equipped or called according to Your purpose. Please forgive me when I turn my back on the plans you have for my life and try to follow my own path.
After that, we see Carly running around the house and we know something’s about to happen. It’s iCarly’s premiere! WOOHOO!
I had about 2 litres of green juice through out the day, and about 2 glasses of water. Even though I felt alright, I knew that I wasn't hydrated enough. Next time (day 14), I will drink more water, and maybe some tea to warm me up a bit. Around 6:30 pm I made a raw blended soup as suggested in "Crazy Sexy Diet" and I had about 3 spoonfuls, but I stopped because my stomach did not enjoy it. After about 25 hours of the juice and my three bites of raw soup, I had some grapes and went to bed.
Today the universe rewarded me with the best cut I have ever had. I tried out a new hairdresser, went with my hair styled and told her what I wanted. She is so cool and I nearly gave her a hug after what a good job she did. From bowl cut to the coolest mullet ever. No photos yet because it does need time to grow into itself. Just like all good mullets.
So she tricked him for a bet
I have continued to find exegesis fascinating, however, so I long ago started looking closely at what the rest of the scriptures actually say -- even delving into the original languages in which they were written where that seemed crucial. And over the years I have put up on this blog and on my scripture blog my findings about key doctrines -- including hellfire.
15. Slather it on cornbread or corn muffins instead of butter
It's everywhere I turn. At my nephew's junior footy - no score keeping in case someone gets upset at losing. Easter Bonnet parade no prize for best hat - just a pat on the back for participating.
It's 9 pm California time, and I've been drinking since 7. For some of you, that means crackin' a brew or two and gettin' loose with crew, but for me, dat means gettin' hyphy and not rememberin' what I say in dis heer blog powst.
Best spot to see these in the wild is definitely the Ventura River Preserve trails on our side of the river, between the northern Oso parking lot and the middle Rice trails. They are right on the trail and in full glory right now.
When I opened my eyes I was in a hospital in the city. They said I had slept for more than two days. My wounds were stitched and dressed but my body still felt like a log and even the slightest movement shot a streak of pain through it.
But the site that housed The Players lived on, going through several incarnations in the decades that followed. Beginning in 1953 it was Imperial Gardens, a huge Japanese restaurant with reflecting pools on the upper floors, popular with musicians and actors. Next, in 1989, it re-emerged as The Roxbury, a trendy and notorious nightclub where patrons included Tom Cruise, Prince and Eddie Murphy. In 1997 it changed hands again and became Miyagi, a restaurant/nightclub with 7 sushi bars, 5 regular bars, a Zen garden, a waterfall, a dance floor, pool tables and more. In April 2012, it opened as Pink Taco, part of a Mexican restaurant chain owned by 30-year-old Harry Morton, son of Hard Rock Cafe chain founder Peter Morton and grandson of Arnie Morton, founder of the Morton's restaurant chain.
Most of the details published by the Sunday Independent have been, as far as I can tell, in the public domain for some time through speculation if not indeed verified reporting. There are few new names associated with the top NAMA developers. The newspaper claims that 70% of the loans in Tranches 1 and 2 are reported in its story today. The intense interest in these registrations will only grow when NAMA begins registering charges against smaller value loans. The PRAI has issued a statement on NAMA’s registrations which reads
I didn't realize how much more I needed until ...recently. It all came to a "head" for me on Sunday. I wake up everyday with the expectation that I will make it to the end of the day. The faith to survive is however nothing compared to the FAITH needed to thrive.
I am remixing the stereotypes paper. I want to remix the theme and take on the stereotype that baseball is a boring and slow game with no high adrenaline moments to make it exciting. I’m trying to convey the message that baseball does have intense moments and that it can be very high strung which is why I chose to show the fights.
When the Brooklyn Paramount opened it was at an historic juncture, as the twilight of vaudeville turned into the dawn of mass media culture. These trailblazing stars rose to the occasion at this landmark in the heart of Brooklyn’s old theater district where for the price of a quarter, Depression-ravaged audiences could find fleeting sanctuary from the turbulent times and enjoy the frivolity and majesty within its hallowed walls.
Earlier this year, I had fleeting moments when I thought I might give up the allotment. Probably not give up the whole plot, just half of it. It was a struggle balancing everything, keeping up with the work, and sometimes it all overwhelmed me.
Initially I thought that the only thing holding me back from doing what I loved was lack of talent.
Andrea Arnold, British director and scriptwriter, was awarded the Oscar for Best Live Action Short Film in 2004 for Wasp. Her first feature-length film, Red Road (2006), was selected at Cannes in Competition, as was Fish Tank (2009); both received the Jury Prize. In 2011, she directed an adaptation of Emily Brontë’s novel Wuthering Heights, selected in Competition at the Venice Film Festival.
5. ACC: 0.42
State Monopoly on Violence
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: I’m telling you, it’s a complex – a complex that has been passed down since ancient times, ever since Islam vanquished them. It is a complex that calls for psychological analysts. That is why they keep inventing something new.
If you are still planning on booking a flight to Phoenix, definitely stop in to Bourbon Steak during restaurant week because they are featuring a $39.00 prix fixe menu that looks fabulous. Wish we could head back to Phoenix just to try it! I hear that while you are waiting for your food they give the duck fat fries out for free!
Our hostesses this month were LJ for the Divas and Terry for the Dazzlers. Their theme for this month was masculine and I have to say I just loooove the sentiments that LJ sent us!!! Both the image and sentiments are from A*Muse Art Stamps. Oh, and the DSP from Little Yellow Bicycle.... was absolutely divine along with fabulous embellies!
This time, it is a 5 hour car ride with a friend of mine,who wasn't going to go either, until we both said, we won't have an opportunity to take a class from THE Annie Sloan herself for who knows how long!!
Ideally, there are 6 kicks per cycle, although it is also possible to use 8, 4, or even 2 kicks.
Ethan: “RRRRRRRAAAAAA EE EE EE EE”
A good example is reeds and lily pads bobbing in the still waters of the marshier areas of lakes in norther Ontario. To see the slow progression of the almost invisible waves lapping upon the shore, two worlds nuzzling each other at their termini. The diamond-thin barrier of the water’s surface giving way to the long sprouts of grass or a slimy rock’s bulky outcroppings. A loosely built dock extending out over the water is normally home to spiders and lurking menaces underneath, it is unknown and terrifying, but if the lake’s water level is higher and it kisses the bottom of dock the scene changes. Standing on the dock pushes it below the surface and the warm water, holding the promise of entire planets underneath, covers your feet. The bottom of the dock cleansed.
Note: Backers who donate $100 and above will receive a signed copy of the book when it is published!
A Federal Way, Washington man has filed a lawsuit against the maker of Monster Energy Drinks. He claims he found a dead mouse at the bottom of his can, and he has the lab work to prove it.
Style: A+ (5 points)
Once we established her diagnosis, I let the doctor know what I thought of her nurse , and then we continued with getting blood, pulse-ox, and they were planning to put in an IV. Two nurses came in; one was the same one that brought us back and then there was another who actually did the IV. They put the needle in but didn't have it attached to a tube, a her blood poured out all over the bed the nurse tried to screw the tube onto the end of the needle. She took some blood and as she went to put the tube of blood on the table she pulled the tube and the IV flew out of her hand onto the floor and blood squirted all over my face, the floor the bed! I was FURIOUS!! A few minutes later they came back in to retry, and I refused the IV! I told them if she needed it we would just go to the ER. The doctor came back in and said her blood work was slightly elevated, but that was expected for someone with her condition. They gave her a antibiotic shot and sent us home.
We also see a large “scalar square” (possibly caused by ISR — incoherent scatter RADAR)
Bolts
Note from DM:
Walking is slow. During the year that Lucy waits for Lob, she learns to adapt to her changed life, to resist the taunts of others and hold fast to her beliefs, and - above all - to have patience as the seasons come and go. And in the end, all is well.
Kostya moved to a larger stone and shone his light inside. As with the smaller rock, it too contained a carving of a human with wings. He sped up his search, checking another and another. All held the same image. Kostya walked around a larger protrusion, when his light fell across an opening. Not far, inside a larger jagged outcropping, was a cave entrance.
Wash the glass with glass cleaner to remove any grease and grim, including your fingerprints.
While food always lures people in, the other topics on Revista Sacai such as Andaluz featuring pictures from around the Andalusian region, De tapeo featuring the culture of tapas and Al aire libre featuring sights out and about in Seville can all be seen at revistasacai.wordpress.com.
Rockin' Bones by Flat Duo Jets
Mah you fcuking idiot, wah, BN leader so important? All of you are just dirty crooked politicians. Many people are extremely happy with the unexpected cold reception your Wee hypocrite received and deserved. You still don’t get it, do you? After GE12, you arrogant assholes at MCA still don’t get it, isn’t it? You never will, I guess.
Waiting near the bus stop, John noticed that his wallet was missing.
Just don't do it. And you will add hours of added peace to your life.
Taryn Hodgson
“Don’t fuck this up Simon. Your story’s right here. Kye was right here.” I said and pushed my sweaty dark hair out my eyes.
5-2 Sam Schwodler, (walloped the ball against the underside of crossbar and in).
JCCS
a slap on the wrist
casting off barely enough heat
Deep Throat of the Day: Having a morbidly obese P.E. teacher is like having a Nutritionist with an office full of Ho-Ho's and Twinkies telling you to eat fruits and veggies.
Hal Marcus is a local El Paso artist, and we visited his new gallery in El Paso. The gallery was awesome and features not only Hal's work, but art from other El Paso artists. Its not too big, but definitely worth seeing! We also met Hal Marcus' wife who explained how Hal's daughters inspire a lot of his work, as well as the history of Hal's career. She was really sweet and gave us a ton of insight to his art! If you're ever in El Paso and like art, this is a place to visit!
Just in case someone else has had this issue.. I have now fixed it..
2 shots St Germain Elderflower Liquor
(Los Angeles) KCAL
OH! One more thing, grease your baking tray…or line it with baking parchment. I personally prefer to use baking sheets which are flatter than baking trays, and cake release (which comes in bottles: “Wilton Cake Release”). It is absolutely magic – not even the stickiest of macarons stick to this stuff!
Leave a review on our site once a day each day in December, and come back here and enter for your chance to win a Boba Wrap
This is a charitable trust which was started to try to make a positive difference in the area.
I’m sure Daniel will do the role justice and I can’t wait to see it – it’s out in cinemas on February 3rd (US) or February 10th (UK), click the link below to see the trailer!
Stay with me!!!
I stopped him and gave him a push in her direction again
Anthony was offered a full time position at LJR Marketing at week 5 of the training programme and was thrilled to bits. After his first day in training, Anthony had already shown great potential and is now earning a fantastic wage!
These photos were all taken by my husband, who has his own fantastic aviation photography website and blog. Click here to check it out. We love to walk, and walk, and walk while we are in Paris. My poor hubby lugs a backpack full of camera gear along, so we can have some great photos to remember the trip with.
As they’ve aged, we’ve used Bible curriculum, read the Bible to them (in family worship and during class time), and listened to the Bible on CD. We’ve used different resources about Scripture in our devotional time, and our kids read the Bible daily on their own. Also, we have frequent discussions about the Bible in our home, and my husband and I strive to set an example of reading our own Bibles.
A few weeks ago, I told you about a special project I have been working on relating to sustainable fishing. This week's giveaway is a great extension of this theme and the perfect way to keep the conversation about what we decide to put on our table going.For Cod and Country has to be one of the most mouth-watering cookbooks I've had the pleasures of reading through this year. Being in the food business, I spend a fair amount of my work hours and free time reading about new cookbooks. This one really is a gem. Chef Barton Seaver seems to exactly know the kind of food I want to be eating! Recipes like Trout and Autumn Squash with Roast Garlic and Pecans, Halibut with Ginger-Raisin Crust or Salmon Carpaccio with Grilled Lemon and Herbs are just a few of the recipes that first drew me to this book
And can I say- crocheting with black mohair? Suicidal. I could not see where the stiches were and so 'used the force'. Luckily, it's turned out ok. Must be some sort of Jedi luck.
SOFIA VERGARA / Gloria Delgado-Pritchett – “MODERN FAMILY” (ABC)
We’d prefer to not have to use the touchscreen for things like that as it felt more like a chore than fun. Remember though, that’s a criticism of the game, not the console.
Got this one at a bottle in the store. I had to make a choice between this one and Jockamo IPA. I am a hop head, but just couldn't feel an IPA right now while I'm sweating out my clothes walking the streets. That one will have to wait until I get back.
Row 1- ch1, sc in sm sp as join, sc in each ch, join w/sl st to first sc. (56)
For this challenge, we are both using Papertrey Ink's Stitches and Swirls, Rosie Posie and Birthday Inside Out stamp sets. Was a bit of challenge narrowing down to the ones we have due to my limited collection :) Gayatri also designed an awesome sketch for us to play along!
However, Judge Sparks ruled that the plaintiffs failed to produce sufficient evidence for overturning the restriction of direct sales from breweries, citing:
Before I can answer that question we must first understand the structure and attitude of bacteria. We must know what it looks like and how it works.
It's about focusing what I'm called to do, instead of focusing on the circumstances around me. I'm called to be the "aroma" in spite of what is going on around me, and maybe, especially when things "smell less than fresh" around me. I can't change people or their outlook on life, but I can maintain mine. If I look down, I'm going to start sinking. In the meantime, I can take shelter in the refuge His wings, I can look up to hills because that's where my help is going to come from. That...I think...is looking on the bright side!
Establishing yourself and your writing as a brand involves knowing what your core strength is. It's the one thing you know more about or write better than anyone else. Take Perez Hilton: he turned a love of celebrities and gossip into a website with millions of views each month. His name/pseudonym is now synonymous with the subject. Find what you're passionate about and become laser-focused on that subject, and eventually you'll be branded as a respected authority.
family slides, and this striking image
To understand why, here is a little history:
Hope you like this one. :)
The next match is for the United States Title….Fatal 4-Way between John Morrison Vs Jack Swagger Vs Alex Riley Vs Dolph Ziggler right now.
It certainly helps with domestic chores too, just something about it's undemandingness I think, so the fight with the sleeves of a particularly interestingly designed shirt, seemed to wash over me no problem.
Paint Branch 5, Richard Montgomery 2
The wicked child, what does he say? "What does this service mean to you?" "To you and not to himself," because he has removed himself from the community and denied the essential truth (כָּפַר בְּעִקָּר). You should set his teeth on edge and say to him: "Because of what YHWH did for me when I went out of Egypt." Me and not him. If he had been there, he would not have been redeemed. My friend's mother saw the wicked child as the person who has entirely removed him or herself from the community and rebelled against it.
Well my Mojo is still on vacation! There is nothing creative in my head at all.
Hardly was the article printed in Beeld or Jackson had to climb on his soap box, screaming and echoing the PC-brigade’s, “...But, but, but, General...The war was wrong!!”
Then, his two girls and their husbands got involved. One of the sisters, Jamie, studied winemaking. During an internship in Nappa Valley region, she met a Californian winemaker who became her husband. The other sister Sarah, a marketing manager, is in charge of the promotional side. “We sell 5800 cases of bottles a year to restaurants and retail shops in the region and the rest of the grapes we produce is sold to another winemaker. The goal is to keep the whole production on the property.”
The candid photos by Swedish photographer, Christer Strömholm are at once sad, beautiful and full of hope. In 1959 he moved to the Parisian neighborhood of Pigalle. Christer lived amongst the transsexuals of Place Blanche and was a trusted confident. The mostly night time shots were originally published as Les Amies de Place Blanche, (girlfriends of Place Blanche) in 1983. A new edition has been released with additional photos and reminisances by some of the subjects.
“The administration is committed to strong inspectors general, and we are working diligently to identify highly qualified candidates to fill these important posts,” Schultz said. “The administration supports the work and commitment of all of the IG offices, including those currently being led by acting IGs, as they strive to ensure that taxpayers are getting the good government they deserve.”
Men in my family don’t dream about Sardines or Pilchards. I asked them. They dream about manly things like buying sets of spanners and Mini Air Compressors – Electric drills or step ladders. All the men in my family are fans of DIY; and are hugely practical around the house! So what use are they to me?
Then my professor, being a clever one, related this to the Haitian efforts. He asked, "what does a pair of shoes mean to you? There are lots of people who are in need."
On my third batch, when the temperature reached 300, I took it off the heat and swirled it to cool. Then I made a little decapitated whisk by cutting all the ends off a regular whisk. I used that to drizzle the caramel onto a sheet of parchment paper then scraped it off to form a ball. Thank god it worked because I don't know if I had enough patience to try again.
and the punch i threw
This has got to stop…
In 1985, Bangalore got its first ‘pub’, called The Ramada Pub, which sold draught beer and it was my ‘duty’ to try it out (every night!) as I considered myself a self-proclaimed ‘beer guru’.
Hell yes! I am happy! And it feels really, really good.
To stick them into place both on the insert and the front of the card I used my YES! Paste – available from Joanna Sheen. All I will say if you haven’t heard of this yet – is get yourself a flat plastic spatula (the wide flat kind you use in baking) and get yourself a tub… it’s truly amazing – especially when wanting to stick down your backing papers and things that cover a wide area.
I love this verse that leads me besides peaceful streams, but if we are honest I think we notice and cling more to Him when he is leading us through the Rea Sea or through a storm.
The latest one is the chart at left (we added the background of a new Flying Fish fermenter).
Even though I have lots of Sizzix Dies and Nestabilities I still like to use punches. They are quick and convenient when you have space to store them properly!
-2.00/2 Kotex U products from the August IVC
I fear we may hear no more of Bob Slayer and he will disappear from the known world, living in a menage-a-quatre in a cave with Jimbo, a Czech opal miner’s daughter and Gary the Goat.
Writers and readers, your thoughts, pretty please.
Joshua Ryen Govea, 15, was taken into custody without incident by CDCR’s Special Services Agents at approximately 2 am in Sacramento County and has been returned to the N.A. Chaderjian Youth Correctional Facility in Stockton. The Sacramento Police Department, Stocton Police Department, the California Highway Parol and U.S. Marshal's Service assisted in the search.
I believe that this restlessness, this pressure to change, moves us to evolve naturally toward this one self if we allow it. Our human capacity to change and grow over time opens a new door of possibility: a more fluid definition of the self. Like a tree that can bend with the wind, we become more able to deal with life’s changes as they arise. As you continue to push and grow, you have more one -self or selfless experiences, connections with nature, with God, with a sense of spirituality, with unconditional love, compassion, and service. You can begin to move beyond simple survival. You are no longer attached to the you of the moment. You become open to all possibilities. For me, it is this one self that is not identified with cancer, pain, or fear. Cancer is just a physical event of the moment—it just is what it is.
It’s been two and a half days since a magnitude 7.0 earthquake hit Haiti’s capital Port-au-Prince, leveling the city and killing what the Red Cross is estimating up to 50,000 people. Hundreds of thousands more are injured or homeless.
Well I admit it makes me cranky, WHY? Because I am pre-menstrual now and have so much to do. Don't I always have so much to do what does being pre-menstrual have to do with it??
...Large blue rose & small wild grey rose are from Wild Orchid Crafts, I teamed with some lovely pink glittered leaves & white fabric roses which have recently been given to me. Also Doo Hickey Heart Swirl Branch Die cut & pins finish the look. Also notice white lace & just in view cute little silver heart charm distressed with white paint just hiding under the blue rose! Below shows lovely large blue flower (also from WOC) with some distressed pink organza ribbon & blue flower sprays that hang down from the handle...
“The future – dystopian or utopian?
It was 1749, just four years after the failed Jacobite rising, and the defeat of Bonnie Prince Charlie and the clans at the Battle of Culloden. Reprisals had been severe; the wearing of kilt and tartan was forbidden; the rising was still fresh and sore in everyone’s minds and by no means necessarily still over. Messages (and money) flew between the Prince in exile and his loyal supporter Cluny MacPherson, in hiding on Ben Alder.
Hi everyone! This week we are featuring the amazing products from Ranger....Here is a little about Ranger according to their website...
Let’s go with one from the near the beginning:
Whaddayagonnado.
I hope you'll manage to join in with us for this challenge, we're being sponsored by the wonderful Bunny Zoe who's offering a fabulous prize to one lucky person. Do pop over to the challenge blog and check out the details, along with the stunning cards designed by the DT and while you're there don't forget to see if you are our lucky winner or one of our Top 3 from the last challenge.
A smile that's brief and very slight.
Adachi was here for an appearance at a screening of a movie, one that he wrote, directed and produced. It’s called You Don’t Know Jack: The Jack Soo Story. According to the Web site:
8The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is.
Wife graciously pays for my dinner (free hee-hee)
Kate: That sounds incredibly chilling!
I am constantly surprised at how little attention is given to set up and pay off in the writing books that I consume voraciously. It's all about plot and character and setting and voice. But the simple idea of a set up that has its pay off somewhere much later in the story, is not well explored.
The ad follows a handsome, scruffy young man on the prowl for fresh lady-meat, but every time he comes close to one of his victims, flakes of head skin swarm from his rakishly unkempt mop like a swarm of cylon fighters, and the girl's face slow-motion freezes in a look of unnameable, lovecraftian horror before she vaporizes in a puff of cgi dust, leaving her discarded clothes. The young man looks sad to have missed an opportunity for sex, but doesn't seem particularly weighed down by the guilt of constantly annihilating strangers with the mere presence of his weaponized dandruff. He then goes home and shampoos with the advertised brand, and, miraculously three different girls appear (I think they're implied to be the same girls, but I don't think they are) without those pesky clothes that were left behind. They proceed to paw insatiably at his head, with that vacant, slightly bite-y look models wear on the covers of both Cosmo and GQ. "Don't lose girls to dandruff" the sophisticatedly accented lady announcer reminds you, in case you missed the message.
Today’s Stats
An event that brings women together to simply have fun with a reminder of a message: emember similarities, honor differences and support one another in their selected endeavors. After 5 successful sold-out years in Fort Wayne, Indiana the Gayle and Bill Cook Center is proud to announce its first in Bloomington. 5:30-7:30 pm. For more information or to Register go here.
Some of these disasters are not specifically weather-related such as oil spills although the aftermath is the same, Iraq and Katrina are but two examples. Whatever the target, whatever the weapon, the results tell you everything you'd want to know, if you want to know, just so there is no confusion about the stunningly advanced state of the State.
Here are a few pictures of my latest projects. Used a lot of different digi stamps and, again, converted some of them to SVG's to cut with MTC. Hope you like them.
Andrey Avetisyan, Russian ambassador to Kabul, speaking to the Telegraph newspaper ahead of the agreement, revealed concern for the long-term impacts of a sustained US military presence. “Afghanistan needs many other things apart from the permanent military presence of some countries. It needs economic help and it needs peace. Military bases are not a tool for peace.”
Twitter - 952
When a thick fog descends upon a rural community and claims the lives of anyone unfortunate enough to be caught outside, a small band of survivors seeks refuge in a local grocery store. Now I don’t normally like a movie stuck in one place (except dawn of dead) but this really breaks the mold of normal horror films because it’s not just moronic teenagers with no personality, but this film gets you feeling for the characters and makes the impact of character deaths all the more disturbing (if you have seen the end you know what I mean) the monsters in this film are hidden well behind the mist which makes it more creepy and shocking when they strike. It’s a horror/sci-fi movie of real conviction. It deserves to be a hit.
I also recall that, in his last years, I would often take my late father in one particular pub where he found the atmosphere congenial. And yes, it was what some would call a “dumpy old men’s pub”, and all the better for it. We would always sit in the same corner and if, for some reason, it wasn’t available he would be a touch discomfited.
VersaFine ink -Onyx Black
"Sit down, Mary, my girl. It isn't often I see you on washday.
While writing this article I searched high and low for a thesis written by a Blackman. I found none, hence the reason I based most of my facts on the 1978 thesis of J J De Waal and also the more recent PhD thesis by Amanda Esterhuysen, dated 16 February 2007. It was not the aim of Amanda Esterhuysen’s thesis to provide yet another reading of the historical documents, but rather to present a different narrative based on the cultural remains left in the cave after the siege of 1854. It is for this reason that I relied more on the thesis of J J De Waal to establish the true facts, mainly because his thesis was not based exclusively on the archaeological evidence of old bones. With this said, I might as well express my dissatisfaction in the manner the thesis of Amanda Esterhuysen is presented. The political demands of the present-day government obviously played a big role, and this is probably why her thesis is sympathetically inclined towards the Kekana Royal Household who granted her permission to excavate the site. When a PhD thesis states, “The grizzly remains of young and old people, and the desiccated bodies of a child and a young woman speak of untold suffering and provide a glimpse of the horror within the cave .....” – I immediately smell a rat! If the department of Archaeology and Environmental Studies have to dig up the old graves of the Makapaanspoort victims they will also find dismembered bodies and other horrors!
“And it must be made clear that even individuals—if their thought (prayer, hope, wish, dream, fear) is amazingly strong—can, in and of themselves, produce such results. Jesus did this regularly. He understood how to manipulate energy and matter, how to rearrange it, how to redistribute it, how to utterly control it. Many Masters have known this. Many know it right now. You can know it. Right now.” CWG Book 1
Many analysts expect that North Korea will for the first time try a nuclear device using highly enriched uranium, something it was long suspected of developing but which it only publicly admitted to about two years ago.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAEEE
Picture 5: Upheaval Dome. An old meteorite crater outside of Moab. You can find it in Google Earth at lat=38.4370537, lon=-109.9293747.
And what for? What will anyone gain from this pointless and CRUEL exercise?
Great Zimbabwe
A big "thank you" goes to the brilliant team at BBH Labs for tearing themselves away from their test tubes and centrifuges to develop this amazing idea. We think it demonstrated to the world how technology can be harnessed to help those less fortunate than us become walking, talking Airport Extremes.
We're temporarily living in an apartment in downtown Seattle. It's not as charming as our Paris apartment but it's bigger and warmer and has a full-on view of the Space Needle. The Space Needle is not as pleasing to the eye as the Eiffel Tower, and in fact looks to be something left behind by aliens after a halfhearted space mission, but I've still been staring at it a lot and grinning like a fool.
What I'm actually hoping for is that things work out for Dash they way they did for Rosie. We struggle for a bit, let him know that he needs to work at this(skating along is not okay anymore) and when he's nine, this issue will be long gone. Exciting new issues will arise to replace them, no doubt!
This was partly because I don't actually like cream all that much, but I'm pretty sure that even if I adored cream - I wouldn't really appreciate it showing up in my beer.
Another tantalizing tidbit to add to my Blue Bayou Series of pieces which I hope to offer up for adoption at the end of this month. The date is tentatively set for January 27th ...will give you more details regarding this sale later on in the month.
All the people wail and cry, while the judges execute Israelites who disobeyed God. It is this terrible scene. Then all of a sudden, this guy walks into the camp.
The problem with "the Bulge" is that it is positioned at the most strategic and highly visible terrain. Kinda hard to camouflage either. Hence the battle. A friend confided that she tried getting help from professionals to combat the bulge. So she went for a "trial" treatment. However she was quite unhappy over the "hidden cost". The treatment seemed quite reasonably priced in the advert. But the hidden cost were staggering. Whats worse; the hidden cost is not an option if you want to win the war. Its necessary. So she decided to forget the treatment.
having two final exams this week
So, let's take a look at what's been going on while we slept...
Heartfelt Handprints is a Professional, custom hand and foot impression company that's based in Huntington Beach, California. They use high-quality, non-toxic clay which allows them to do impressions on babies of all ages (Scarlet at 2 weeks was not their youngest baby!)
Mmmm! Don’t we all love “semisolid sourish food” made from fermented milk (special bonus ingredient: added bacteria)?!
He may have been involved in the Battle of Bzura with the 26th Infantry Division or in a reserve division of the Poznan Army. He was probably captured then or in it’s immediate aftermath. This fits the date of his arrest and the general area where he was arrested in Pila (Schneidemühl in German)
What if I worked all of this time and hadn't published my first book, would I have missed out on things with my oldest because of some dream?
It used to bother me to own stuff in perfectly good condition I didn't wear any more. It felt wasteful and made me feel bad buying new things.
Some fab creations from the amazing team to get you all in the "Lovie Crafty Mood" lol!
Ingredients – 2 yolks of eggs, 1 teaspoonful of French mustard, 1/2 a teaspoonful of salt, a pinch of pepper, 1 tablespoonful of tarragon vinegar, about 1 pint of best salad oil, 1 tablespoonful of cream.
A good series can keep us guessing and on the edge of our seat. You can’t wait to finish the book so you can move on to the next book. Why? Because it is so addicting! Unless, of course, the author changes something in a way to create drama or friction or destroy the whole reason why you started reading it in the first place. You wonder why the story can’t just end so you can stop being sucked into it even though you hate where it’s going. You want to stop reading but you can’t. There are too many questions that will keep rolling around in your head until they get answered… by the 30th book in a series that should have ended at the 3rd. Or if the story does end, you cross your fingers that it doesn’t end horribly and you haven’t wasted your time reading it from start to finish.
He was obviously exaggerating his distaste to better his bargaining position. The chimpanzee who can hustle Gorilla Bananas has not been born.
Margaux:
as the proof of their love they had pleased.
It would be fun to try, but I suspect just about everyone who would sit down to play such a oneshot will go and see this.
She then sent me a link to amazon.uk where her US book was clearly for sale.
Plus Saturday marks Market Street's first anniversary, and Angelica has planned LOTS of awesomeness! Check the MSS blog or my sidebar for more information. Hope to see you there!
Having worked in the public sector for a considerable amount of time I’m used to this reaction. It’s my job to show people how to build social networks that are designed to engage and build audiences in a realistic way. I’m employed to produce and deliver clear content plans and give teams the confidence to communicate in an approachable and effective manner, balancing the demands of the audience with the reality of being able to respond and enter into dialogue.
3 News
PLAYERS: Marc Bolan – Guitar/Vocals – Steve Peregrine Took – Percussion/Backing Vocals
(This is the place to write your witty repartee. Three to four sentences that quickly describes your background such as "...with a BA in Theater and ten years of dance experience" or "armed with a self-taught passion for performance and theater", and then describe your style is such as, "Calamity Chang can be seen on stage covered with rhinestones and lush feathers stripteasing to vintage Asian music and other exotic classics...")
I didn't have a gift project created yet to share but wanted to celebrate National Scrapbooking Day and am sharing a layout using the lovely Stampendous stamps. The ODBD blog is celebrating National Scrapbooking Day as well with a ODBDSLC107 - Layout Challenge this week to create a layout. I have included another layout in this post for that challenge too!
by JJHIII
11.swipe control on home screen ,and swipe control on search screen to turn result pages.
The next day they were supposed to present for themselves. Half of the class of forty one day, the other half the next day. (Yes, each class has forty students. It's unwieldy.)
Does your partner frequently criticize you, humiliate you, or undermine your self-esteem?
Step 2: Loop the hair tie twice and on the third loop, loop it halfway only.
Today is my second child's 12th Birthday.... Happy Birthday Sammy !!!!
8. Artistic expression. When I hear music, almost always the first thoughts in my head are envisioning how I would skate to it. That kind of interpretation, choreography, and forethought are visual skills that draw on both physical and emotional intelligence. Being able to better express oneself through an outlet like skating is a great skill in life as well. It also can bring you unexpected joy. When you physically act out something you feel to music, your body and heart experience both the sound and the emotion of the music in new ways. It can open your heart to new possibilities and perspectives.
I am going to bed now. But here is the latest portrait I've done. It's so much fun!
There is a word for this, folks, and it's spelled B-A-N-A-N-A-S.
Could have gone wrong. A helicopter could have crashed, which would have been yet one more point of comparison between Mr. Obama and Jimmy Carter.
Story's pediatrician had told her when we go to Magic Kingdom we had to go to the bakery on Main Street and get a blueberry muffin.
The dawn is still an hour beyond
Once he receives his teaching degree, Doug will be officially recognized to teach, help and boost the confidence and spirit of those children with special needs.
See, here’s the thing, towards the end of last year, I bit the bullet, trashed my piggy bank and sent my YA paranormal manuscript (MS) to a well-known writing agency in London to get an in-depth manuscript review. They came back with 18 pages of what didn’t work. Aaaargh! It was gutting, especially since so many of my writing and critique partners had said they really liked the story pretty much as it was. It took me a while to get over the filleting and to get my head around what the agency was saying without getting into a lather about it. I took their advice and just let the report and MS be until I felt ready to start working on the MS again. And now I am ready and boy how ready.
Gah, sorry, I don't want to get into all that again either. I've been a whiny one lately and very sorry for that. It just sucks.
a dye pot, a spinning wheel,
His afro glistened with the coconut grease under the canary-yellow sun.
Finally, I lit one last candle in the old lantern, the one that once - those eighth years ago - held the first candle light when I moved in...
Clench played bass on four April Wine albums — 1971's April Wine, 1972's On Record, 1973's Electric Jewels and 1975's Stand Back.
As it was Mothering Sunday last weekend I went to visit my mum over in Newark, Nottinghamshire. We decided to do a trawl of one of the local antique centres and then went on to a local antiques fair. It ended up being a useful stash enhancement exercise - the antique centre had lots of stalls with baskets full of buttons (how did I walk past them all in ignorance for so many years I ask myself?) - and this is what I ended up with:
Ready, for the news?????????
3. Paragraph F states that oral complaints about specific students and/or personnel will not be heard. It further suggests that employees contact their immediate supervisor about complaints relative to employment. That makes sense in every case except as it pertains to the superintendent. The school board is the superintendent's immediate supervisor. Whether intentional or not, this rule in effect states that the board will not hear criticism of the superintendent. That's unacceptable.
They had won and I was caught. I closed my eyes and hugged the shoes I carried to my chest.
Stop “laboring” around and start making yourself someone that people want to follow, get motivated and inspired by!!
art-inspired goosebumps, inquired nostalgia,
Like many people who run their own business, we are constantly striving to improve our performance. Then, while speaking with one of our guests, we found out that a tumble from the top of a ladder had caused him to break his back, thereby rendering him unable to continue in his own business, leading to its foreclosure and the loss of his home as well. Yet, the couple were a joy to have. They were kind, gentle, and joyful – all of which attributes made us feel very humble indeed.
Last night, I managed to speak to the man I wanted to interview about the alleged fraud, and whose house I was outside when I was attacked. He said: "I am not going to talk to you about this. Why have you been knocking on my door. You don't disturb me. If you knock on my door again I will take you to court."
You know the van I’m talking about, the one with the airbrushed wizard mural on the side. It was the type of van your mother told you to stay away from.
So I stopped my car on the way back home through the forest, and picked armfulls of branches of orange and yellow oak leaves, and then stopped by the shops and bought some chrysanthemums- I love the smell, and the pompom-ones are so great looking ( just like pompom Dahlia's in late summer ) - and some roses, to make an Autumn table setting before we start with all the Christmassy things...
Activity organised by: Mellemfolkeligt Samvirke (ActionAid Denmark)
In closing, I want to arm you with something to think about when navigating the blogosphere in the Transgender, Transsexual and LGB community.
(mental note: I'm not sure which of my university studies would have been more helpful in this conversation: Psych 020 or a reading of Waiting for Godot.)
(Here are the Texas breweries that don't distribute to Fredericksburg: Deep Ellum Brewing, Fanconia, Peticolas, (512) Brewing, Austin Beerworks, Circle Brewing, Hops & Grain, Live Oak Brewing, Middleton Brewing, South Austin Brewing, Thirsty Planet Brewing, Twisted X Brewing, Buffalo Bayou Brewing, Karbach Brewing, No Label Brewing, Southern Star Brewing, Wicked Beaver Brewing, and Ranger Creek.)
That sounded like a terrible idea to me. I don’t want wifesy with anyone, but me whether it is real or pretend. I said, “I don’t really like the idea.”
Part of me was enjoying all this very much and there was enough evidence to convince myself that nothing I would normally run a mile from was happening at all. Of course he was the same man; his scent hadn’t changed. Of course there was nobody else in the room, any other voices must be coming from the radio or the TV…
daughter-in-law to a mother's heartstrings.
Also - my AMAZING blogging sister has put together a Christmas Advent Blog. If you want to be inspired by the true meaning of Christmas, be sure to stop by. As I type, I am listening to the beautiful Christmas music she provides on her site.
And how about if you struggle with being a quarrelsome wife..there seems to be quite a few scriptures on that...Provers 17:1, Proverbs 21:9, Proverbs 21:19, Proverbs 25:24, Proverbs 27:15,...I think we ought not be quarrelsome. ;)
Nywwaaah, this post probably looks boring just cause no pictures & ALL writing & no colors like color coding stuffs.. I’m a lazy bun. (*ﾟ▽ﾟ*)
3/4 teaspoon salt
xxxMomma
Got a small list of phrases that I’m sure will get you in tons of trouble with a police officer if you get pulled over! I’m sure if you catch a nice officer these would really be hilarious though!
We’re in the middle of this very serious quagmire where a couple of interesting things are going on. First, the actual cost of product has come down when it comes to life products, which is something that the industry has done a lousy job of advertising. A term policy is somewhere between 30 and 50 percent cheaper than it was 10 years ago. Cheaper! Secondly, there are huge exceptions, but the industry could be far more aggressive in talking about the benefits of whole life. We have somehow become intimidated, maybe by legislative pressure, to not talk about the benefits of tax-free buildup. But the benefits of tax-free buildup largely benefit the middle class and the people at risk. We should rally around and celebrate the fact that they can access that money, that it does grow over time and that it is forced savings.
And I do thank you for your interest in our work, please do keep us in your prayers, we all need them.
only to realize how unfortunate they were.
A8 Tatuerade Snutkukar - Hiroshima - Slakta Assars Nassar
Like many Golden Age comic book men, Jack Cole battled Hitler with an assault of four-color firearms. This blog entry looks at some of Cole's anti-Hitler work, including a previously unknown discovery of cartoons from one of Lev Gleason's non-comics "slick" magazines, Picture Scoop!
Picking up right where Divergent left off, Insurgent explores what Tris will do now that war has erupted. As far as she knows, almost everyone she loved is dead - some by her own hand, something that she can never forgive herself for. Plagued by doubt and overwhelming guilt, Tris has to decide if there is anything worth living for after all. And of course, we all know what Tobias thinks about that :D
there’ll be another time
Do not rhyme with here but ere.
The big news of the weekend — Mexico is going to London! Yeah, BABY!!!!
The author seems to have set out to tell a Message instead of a Story, and in so doing wasted a lot of narrative potential. Still a few moments worth reading, but mostly it's a frustrating mess.
I could not help but concur with her sentiment. Although the story borrows some of the elements of the Ian Flemming novel that contributed to the 2006 Casino Royale, it largely goes off in a strange direction in search of ways to mock the successful movie franchise.
He worked for the East India Company and at one time was also an MP.
MLS# 1831976 Triangle
Psalm 65: 2-8 says (the Message): We all arrive at your doorstep sooner or later, loaded with guilt, our sins too much for us—but You get rid of them once and for all.
Women in Mathematics, Lynn Osen, 1974.
But to the wicked God says: *
unknown.
Google’s Apps for Higher Education is the most popular cloud email platform for faculty and staff deployed at leading universities including Brown University, Case Western Reserve University, New York University and University of San Francisco. It is also the email provider of choice for over 90,000 employees of the United States Government.
Anxious to find a proper pretzel, I thought I'd have to trawl around London to find some specialist baker. Seeing that I had resolved to try and live on pretzels for the Fridays of Lent, I didn't fancy the prospect of having to travel far every week to find one. So imagine my delight when I found some just round the corner from my flat!
Jambalaya Grits was my contribution to the New Year's Eve
08 - Trust Your Old Friend 04:08
Dear garden, I will be back. I delight in what you struggle to show off, so it is not wasted energy. I see you! I pull up a little stray seedling or dandelion in my small jaunts from the car back to the house after physical therapy or doctor appointments. But soon we shall spend more time together getting dirty and then just looking pretty.
Everything you do for Me.
I do have a few questions though: If I state in my profile I am only interested in relocation within the local (TX/LA) area, why do you contact me from the UK, UAE, Saudi, Africa or Pakistan?
What? Your wife and kids don’t want a beef liver, eel, sardines and mackerel omlet for dinner again? How can they get enough vitamin D in their diet in Portland, Oregon’s cloudy and rainy winter months?
Several of my friends have been there and have only spoken good words about it. I can’t wait until I get to see it myself. It’s highly likely that I’ll combine my Japan trip with this one to save time and money. But more on that later on
Tayyib Ali- another Philadelphia native, who has opened for Super Smash Bros and Sammy Adams, Ali is a reported frat party favourite and has a nimble flow and his Keystone State of Mind mixtape proved he is already capable of putting together a strong full length release.
As a result of being unemployed, I spend lots of time blogging. In the morning I cuddle up with a cup of tea and read the early blogs, in the evening it's a glass of wine.
It’s the first album post-ZP Theart, and it’s very good. They’ve kept their unique sound, and managed to broaden their scope at the same time. New vocalist Marc Hudson has done a terrific job, with just as good a voice as ZP, with a little extra that just adds perfectly to some of the new tracks.
Our sponsor for the challenge this week is Whiff of Joy! Whiff of Joy has been super supportive of Stamp Something since our beginning and for that we are very grateful! Thank you Katharina and the WOJ team! One lucky player this week will win her choice of any stamp from the new Get Well Collection! Here is a sample using one of the new stamps, Willows Hot Chicken Soup...
Health matters to businesses. Why?
He took the uneven surface carefully. Each step sending a shock of pain through his shoulder. The cave twist and turned. Ahead, he swore he heard the flutter of wings. More time passed as the delirious man walked further down.
Two more females, Sonia and her two year old daughter, Saoirse, arrived in 2009, and Sonia subsequently gave birth to a female calf, O'Grady in early 2010. The six giraffes have remained at Blackpool since.
I would like to share with you my entire Thursday (St. Patrick's Day) in detail because honestly, it's the most exciting day (every other day we just layed around at the beach all day). A little background info: I'm a fifth year senior at The University of Oklahoma, and since I am graduating in May I wanted to treat myself to a fun spring break in a state I've never been to with friends only. We rented a beach house in Treasure Island, Florida.
Well, if you you went down to the woods yesterday... Or the beach, or the park, or just stayed at home and enjoyed a sunny back garden, you might have indulged in the wonderful Bank Holiday pursuit of a great British picnic.
To me, Smith was beautifully anonymous – an Everyman. I didn’t want the unique or standalone; I sought the mediocre, the average, the one lost in a crowd. I wanted the man who worked behind a desk, who microwaved cardboard meals, who rubbed the sore grooves down his nose, scored by his glasses, Mr Mousy Hair, Mr Nylon Shirts. Strange, that I sought the ordinary when I’m anything but.
The beer engines weren't actually operating (someone had screwed up getting the breathers there), but there were seven firkins pouring, and I got stuck right into some Dogfish Head 75 Minute IPA, poured by Sam Calagione. Sam's been consulting on the beer program, and since is such a big deal for beer in Delaware, that's no surprise. The beer scene in Wilmington has been an on-again off-again proposition for years (except for Iron Hill on the riverside, and the excellent Washington Street Alehouse), and Delaware and area brewers would love to see this city in Philly's backyard pick up the pace.
The next day she awaited word of her fate, but instead of being arrested, she received word that the King, who it seems was again amused by her panache, was speculating that his law governed only men, and that she was free to duel at will. His hesitation gave her time to flee to Brussels until the crisis had passed."
Chapter 102, A Bower in the Arsicides
■Color theme should be blue and white
Sgt. Jeffrey Beltran pulled a heavily creased Post-it note from the pocket of his fatigues, unfolded it and looked over a list he jotted down earlier that day: pick up an order of beef lo mein, take his dress uniform to work (jacket, pants and boots), do schoolwork. Beltran’s Army-issue organizer is also filled with these reminders, and he checks them every so often to jog his memory — folding and unfolding them throughout the day. Beltran’s life is filled with sticky notes because his short-term memory is no longer reliable, a result of what the Army calls a mild traumatic brain injury that he suffered in an I.E.D. attack in Iraq in 2005….
Now, we turn to Roxy who is still getting used to this FRG leader position when she is asked by Trevor to talk to one of his soldier’s wife. They have been married for only 3 weeks and she has always lived in New York and this is her first time out of the city. That is a big change from New York City to Charleston, South Carolina. Roxy tries to talk to her but Gloria isn’t having any of it. Roxy even calls her a “bitch on wheels” when she tells Trevor she couldn’t get through to her.
There is not much to be said about Bordello of Blood It was supposed to become a horror/comedy cult classic, but it is too--if you will pardon the vampiric pun--anemic with both the horror and the comedy. But really, how can a film starring Dennis Miller and corey Feldman hope to succeed?
For central government this is a win win situation, they are able to dictate what services local government must provide, and how they must provide them, but local government gets the blame when these policies are undeliverable or more expensive than thought.
Scantraxx Recordz proudly presents Adrenalize as new name at the label. With his 15 years, The Danish Malthe Mehlskov may call himself the youngest professional producer in the scene. He used to release his music at X-Bone Records.
It’s a simple enough argument. Meaningful devolution of power from level A to level B includes the possibility that level B will do things in a way of which level A would not approve. As anyone in a large organisation would – or should – recognise, delegation of authority includes the authority to do things
For $10,000, a person gets a souvenir photo with Obama at a reception and preferred seating at the concert. For $1,000 a person gets seated in a "premium section" with a "hosted bar." A general admission ticket is $200. The events are a benefit for the Obama Victory Fund 2012, a joint Obama 2012 re-election campaign/Democratic National Committee fund. Lynn Sweet
Then she came home. Without official carers because she said, "My family will care for me at home". And, do you know, she was right.
Anyway our cells use a protein called hemoglobin to capture and carry the oxygen throughout our bodies.
It's not.
I took my children to CeramicCafe today to paint a piece of ceramic of their choice. JJ painted a soda can bank. His frustrations with it were extremely high. Nothing was going right for him. I showed him some techniques that I learned in collegeand that seamed to calm him and feel a little better. HZ painted a puppy. She was very delicate on how she painted it. Everything had to be perfect. IZ and I painted a tile together. She painted the background yellow and I helped her with a bug stencil. It was so cute. We have to wait until this weekend to pick up the fired piece. How exciting. The looks on their faces are going to be priceless. Too bad I forgot to pull out my camera to photograph them while they were painting. Pictures will definately need to be taken when they go and pick up their work of art.
Becoming knowledgeable about the mind will help you to improve your stability and certainty in life. Learning the fundamentals mechanics of the mind will give you a complete understanding of the fears, nightmares, upsets and other difficulties.
Never Sleeps Again (Another newish blog to me that I feel deserves some recognition. Cynniegurl is a delight, she posts reviews peppered with adorable personal stories and observations and I find her totally irresistible.)
You can’t pretend that doesn’t sound inviting…
The stats on Patti Page are astonishing. Over 100 million records sold. 84 singles on the Billboard Top 100. Oh. And one Grammy. 1998. But she won it the first and only time she was nominated. It came about 50 years after her first hit, "Detour," and her pioneering first "double track" recording sessions. "Tennessee Waltz" is reputed to be the #2 single of all time, behind Bing Crosby's 'White Christmas." From 1948 to 1982 she always had a single in the Billboard Top 100. And while she was mostly considered either a Pop artist or a C&W artist, she remained the best-selling female artist of all time…and I don't think that title was taken away until the Madonna era.
Heat the remaining 1 teaspoon of oil in a large cast-iron or other nonstick skillet over medium heat. Wipe the excess marinade off the chicken and cook until golden brown and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Serve with the quinoa and vegetables.
Despite the media focus on Tahrir square much of the background organization came from the working class quarter which engaged in rolling waves of strikes and the formation of neighborhood committees to defend both against the cops and thugs. Yet despite toppling Mubarak, the occupy movement has been disbanded, many anticipated openings and freedoms are restricted and the hated military still imposes the rule of imperialism over Egypt.
Start by making the toast. Slice your bread about 1/2 inch thick. I used an asiago cheese bread. If the crusts are too hard, cut them off. The idea is to have a nice soft bread underbelly to the dish. Melt the 2 tablespoons of butter in a small dish with the clove of minced garlic. Brush the top side of the bread with the garlic butter and toast in a 400 degree oven until the bread is only lightly toasted. Do not overdo it – you want the bread to remain mostly soft.
See you soon,
I also had the privilege of working with Brittany from Edible Details. She created the perfect gingerbread boy and girl fondant toppers to transform our cupcakes and the darling gingerbread house for the cake. I am still amazed at the level of detail, everything was perfect!
So, was Wally’s Burgers worth a second chance? Yeah, probably. Would I come back? Maybe to try their signature chuckwagon burger but only if it wasn’t out of my way.
Back when I looked up the definition of abandonment, I came up with a group of negative words that no one would want to be associated with. But in the case of perfection, everyone wants to be associated with it in some way. Perfection means that you are accepted, and to a greater extent, it means that you not only belong, you are better than your neighbor, better than that person who is different from you, better than the person who, for example, keeps a junky house (so you are definitely better than me).
They are a sign of failure on both sides and today’s industrial action is a mistake.
In summary, we found that some communities are engaged in NNRE economic development, although it is not typically identified as such. It was also clear that there is generally low or no understanding of how to define and develop a local or regional NNRE strategy in order to overcome existing barriers and foster institutional changes to help rural communities.
the countless people oppressed by a civilization
Well, the obvious subjects would be Steve, Dad, my nephew Chase, my brother Chad, my Grandfathers or one of my many Uncles.
Rebekah Maddux El-Hakam
Roddenberry was reduced to cashing the checks when Paramount brought in Harve Bennett to executive produce the film. Bennett’s previous experience had been on television, but that was a plus here. Bennett watched every episode of the original series, took all the elements from them fans liked, and crafted the overall theme. The idea of Starfleet wearing identical military uniforms and starship battles mirroring submarine warfare was his doing, although they were the first of many changes Roddenberry, with his peacenik sensibilities, did not like. Bennett also selected Khan, the antithesis of Kirk, as the villain.
My local Joann had reduced the regular price on a number of their small kits to $3.99; since it was the regular price, coupons also worked, so I picked up a couple more kits. I did start on Happiness, but the character is charted and not marked on the canvas at all and I did not choose the center properly; I may work the red outline using the picture as a chart and then count from there to start it from the top.
Be persistent
“People have raised the issue of contamination, ” said Coffin. “But nothing is known about this. There is not a single shred of evidence to support these rumours. Much of the research is done at the NCI, in the laboratory of Francis and Sandra Ruscetti. They have a long experience with these viruses and are very cautious.”
Would they be even more famous if they had given us the occasional Tweet? e.g. Managed to escape interviews with 36 journalist today #amhiding.
Last weekend, the totally wonderful Wild Rumpus children's book store in Minneapolis was the venue for the US launch of At Yellow Lake. The book has been scheduled for a June 12 release, but thanks to the tireless efforts of Frances Lincoln's publicity people, books were released in time to be sold for my visit to my family here in the US.
A brass bristle brush made short work of the ancient caked on grease and small rusty spots, especially when combined with a good soak in Breakfree CLP. Followed up by scrubbing each part and pin with 'OOOO' steel wool, once again dripping with CLP. A good thorough detailed wipe down with paper towels and Q-tips, and the press was ready for final lube and assembly.
The dream had such an impact on me that I began to fear travelling in airplanes. Every time a plane went overhead my heart would beat a little faster. I got married later in 1999 and my husband and I flew to Far North Queensland for our honeymoon. I remember telling him on the plane about my dream and how I was a bit scared. We both laughed at how silly it sounded.
Claim construction
2 Let Israel say, “His steadfast love endures for ever.”
Sure, there will be a reckoning in April when the layers have to be peeled off to greet the warmer weather. Countless hours of hideous exercise will have to be endured. I won’t be alone – the rest of Canada will be at the gym with me. But I’ll give that some thought around…the end of March. Until then, there’s Swedish coffee bread, Christmas cookies, homemade biscotti, mince tarts, butter tarts, pasta, strata, frittata, baguettes….
It's also got a solid soundtrack that helps set the mood, ranging from a hip and bubbly melody during the carefree opening sequences to a hard hitting, heart pounding orchestral assault during the suspenseful chase scene climax.
The garden is flourishing outdoors, and the birds and bugs are happily buzzing around! I love this time of year when everything pops with color and texture. The breezes are warm, and artistic expression is freely flowing from everything. As much as I adore creating Halloween, it's lovely to be inspired by nature all around us. This month, between sculpting spooky cats, owls, and other haunting characters, I have been illustrating a new look in a more soothing and soft palette. An owl, followed by a butterfly, followed by a bluebird were the first characters to materialize in this sweet style. All of which including others yet to be seen, are up for consideration for decorative box sign art and possibly other product applications to be licensed to Primitives by Kathy. I have a POLL on my JPD Facebook Page asking for your feedback as to what other characters I should create to complete this collection. Please do share! I'm thinking that these could be quite sweet on some of my Zazzle products as well. So, stay tuned!
Need some catchy enjoyable music after a good cathartic rant.
The sponge used to make the log has to be soft and flexible in order for it to roll up without cracking. This is done by the use of lots of whisked eggs and very little flour which is great for me as it means it was a doddle to adapt to be gluten free. There are meant to be two differently flavoured buttercreams, one for filling and the other for frosting, but as we can’t get the specified hazelnut praline paste here in the UK (to my knowledge) I kept things simple by using the chocolate buttercream inside and out. This was a win for my brother who is home for the holidays and believes nothing goes better with chocolate than more chocolate!
I may be no economist, I may have a fractious relationship with basic arithmetic and I may be past my prime, but ask anyone who knows me and they will attest to the absolute fact that, ever since Baronet Gideon Osborne's emergency budget I have been asking how cutting jobs in the Public Sector will magically create more jobs in the private sector? I can't grasp the whole 'throw people out of work to kick start the economy' argument. I don't understand how taking a wage packet off someone will encourage them to spend. I don't understand how taking away someone's tax-paying ability and replacing it with benefits
You may never have had me,
Renault meanwhile have twisted their rear profile to match the oncoming airflow. This is in fact an old wing already seen in 2010.
Audrey Niffenegger couldn't find an agent for her cross-genre book The Time Traveler's Wife. She gave up on finding an agent and began submitting the manuscript to small publishers. The book has sold more than 2.5 million copies and was made into a movie.
And now…on to the poetical dirty laundry.
“They denigrate us, they try to divide us and they ultimately want to destroy us – this motion sends a clear message we will fight because we are right. As the son of a shop steward, the grandson of a trade unionist and descendent of a founder member of the ILP in Scotland, I see what they want, they want us to be grateful for the crumbs off the table, to doff our caps and say yes sir no sir.”
It was that moment when Tripp pined for her, ached for her somewhere deep inside his being. He hadn’t meant to grow as attached as he felt to her so soon but there was something about her; a child-like innocence and playfulness that intrigued him. She was a pretty little thing; Petite, slender, with a tiny waist and long, flowing auburn hair that reached to the small of her back. He remembered her taste, sweet but with a tinge of spice, like warm cinnamon. She smelled like wild meadows, fresh and green; rolling hills stretching for miles. Intoxicating. He shook his head to focus back on his reality - on his lonliness now that she was gone. He looked at his phone in the hope that he would have heard from her. There was one message in his inbox but it wasn’t from the girl
14. Sunny Day - Pigbag / 6:11
And then, throughout the weekend, to literally every person in our hotel:
I was elbow-deep in dishwater and contemplated her question for a few seconds before answering. Prince Charming is kind of a myth, but she's my little girl and the myth is part of her reality right now.
After lunch while g-son went to work on his Lincoln Log construction projects I baked 3 blackberry wine and 2 pound cakes.
don't you agree?
As i was doing this i came upon some very old linens that i have that were my Irish great grandmother and grandmother's. They are old and wonderful and embroidered in spots and Irish tatting on others and doilies and....so much. So i determined to starch a good bit of them and place some around my home as well. A bureau scarf on my hope chest, a nice crocheted item on the mantel under all the fall decorations, a autumn hankie as part of the dining room table decor.
Hi! Long time no chat – AGAIN! I apologize for that. Sometimes life takes over and other things have to take priority. I do miss blogging though, so I will really try to make a better effort to blog more often.
Well I hope yall have a great rest of your day!!!! So until next time........
And I look at the names of people whom I don't see much anymore, and I think...when did I stop praying for that person? Or seeking the counsel of that other one? The dear interpreters from camp; the former English students; an orphan or two who put me on their cell phones just for fun. What if I wanted to suddenly renew those relationships, and couldn't call because I erased their numbers? What if they wanted to call me, and I wasn't prepared to talk to them, not recognizing the number?
In time, when I am in my place,
So what is going on here… well, there are three groups:
It’s done. It’s finished. And I feel like this huge weight if off my shoulders. How amazing is that?
Friends, gourmands, gore-meisters, lend me your ears... and your arms, legs, feet, hands, organs and all the rest of your body parts too, because we're going to discuss a film that many of you have heard of, many more have probably seen and still others discuss as one of the most important developments in modern-day gore movies.
A couple of weeks ago I had the wonderful privilege of receiving an advanced copy of Karen Tack’s latest book, Cupcakes, Cookies and Pie, Oh My! Similar to her earlier books – HelloCupcake! & What's New, Cupcake? – The latest one certainly does not fail to please. The creativity and innovative food decorating ideas will tantalize and surprise you at every turn. Going beyond just cupcakes, Tack extends her creative talents to include cookies, pie, rice krispie, and cake projects, and not excluding any combination thereof.
Add about 3 liters (pints) of boiling water to the pot.
While I started thee horror movie reviews with Dracula and there will be plenty more vampires to come, Frankenstein as always been my favorite horror movie staple. I have always enjoyed the religion versus science undertones as well as the exploration of what it means to be different, misunderstood, and lonely. You do not get that with any of the Dracula stories.
I wanted to tell the congregation about the four generations of family that mourned her. There’s only one family member remaining from Mum’s generation. There used to be so many of them. She told me recently how sad she was to be the last. It’s a lonely, and no doubt frightening, place to be.
Academics from Queen’s University in Ontario, Canada, studied a highly subsidised childcare scheme in Quebec. Families who took part in the scheme were compared with similar families elsewhere in Canada, with 10,000 youngsters a year being studied.
Matzo Ball, plated. It was a picture perfect version, perfectly skimmed of fat. Almost too perfect, I like a little bit of fat/gelatin still in the soup, but maybe because I am used to my wife’s version. Flavor was excellent though, and the matzo ball had a perfect texture. Just enough spring but not rock dense and not falling apart.
Aren't these takes on April Showers just sensational? To play along with us, and we hope that you will, just follow Jeni's theme, post your creation to your blog or online gallery, link back here using InLinkz (below). The Sassy gals will be by to say hello and leave you a bit of sassy love.
Aaron Sorkin just won for The Social Network - adaped screenplay. What a dull movie.
God also killed a lamb, shedding its blood to provide a covering for Adam and Eve. Thus blood became the cleansing factor, or the way in which man could approach a holy God and have his sins covered (Genesis 3:21.)
I adapted an Emeril recipe for kebabs added a Cognac peppercorn sauce, made a big Caesar salad, and EVOO and herb seasoned dinner rolls…Yes I avoided the whole HoJo menu from last week’s episode, where I spied a black Mercury, I think, parked next to Don’s car in the lot, the one with the slanted “breezeway” window just like the one my dad bought.
I hate this Proverbs 31 woman. She is a box I cannot fit into. She is a trophy wife that I cannot be. And having her as your role model is the epitome of a graceless home. She has her list of rules, checking them off to make sure she measures up.
Tell yourself you are a great individual and believe in yourself…
...and I have been very slack in my posting. I haven't quit blogging, I've just been distracted a lot lately.
Lovecraft's influence is all over this first issue, and accompanying the essay is a suitably creepy piece of art that Sean Phillips featured at his blog and which we reprint above.
*Terry’s Porter
Hi all. its Lols here this week filling in for Dawny :-) I hope you're all fit and well and are ready for another fab theme here on the Papertake Weekly !! Thanks to everyone who joined in with Dawny's fab sketch last week , all of them were fabulous ,,,, such a talented lot !! :-)
Emboss powder
The GDP was expected to grow in the fourth quarter but the 4.5 per cent growth has exceeded the expectations. It is good to have such achievements but it will turn bad if we are over optimistic.
He added that by "exporting violence, they have eroded their internal security and their position in the region. They have undermined their international credibility and threatened their economic well-being."
- The colour of the city. Everything is sand and sunset coloured. Even the grey buildings are warm looking. Everything is lit at night. The cobbles reflect everything. It's not a city for heels but I did admirably nonetheless.
about something that left the rest of us not knowing what to say, Bill would say:
I didn't have a recipe, I just worked with what I had. It was tasty and easy, and definitely a good twist on just using plain ol' chuck.
I caught him on first sight when I entered the bar. He was sitting at the far end and was simply staring into blank space. I wondered if it was the lighting in the bar that made him looked more tanned than he usually was. He wore a sleeveless shirt and a pair of jeans. It was casual but it showed off his toned muscles perfectly.
Crowds make terrible decisions:
When I first read this book, I was a teenager myself, and not much older than Celie is when she finds herself pregnant after years of domestic abuse. Celie seems doomed to be the victim of violence for the rest of her life. She was, after all, the “bottom of the foodchain” in terms of human rights in the 1930s: She was not only black, but also female. To make matters worse, she was also unattractive and shy. As new characters appear in the story, you start to see how other women cope with the burden of their sex and race. Sofia, her stepdaughter, uses her strong personality to stand up to her abusive husband, risking the security of his income to raise her children alone. Shug, the beautiful and sinful singer, has rebelled against the notion of God being a white man.
This way- The country way.
Now, add 150ml of the water, leaving roughly 50ml to be added. Stir the mix into a dough with a wooden spoon. Gradually add the remaining water.
religious allusions that still pepper her lyrics (in the past
Oh, and the votes of the German jury? Fantastic beers. And they'd be right.
Tellingly, the next most common types are the Extroverted judging functions (Feeling and Thinking). This pattern mimics in space the pattern that defines an individual over time. Just as an individual with a strong introverted focus needs an extroverted focus, so too does a community with a strong introverted focus need extroverted members who can negotiate the complexities that Introverted Sensation’s emphasis on continuity cannot always deal with well.
Speaking of picture perfect, how pretty in pink is this one combined with a green chinoiserie fabric headboard in green (and the curtains and the chair! holy fabric batman!)? It's a combination that I wouldn't have guessed would work but it looks so fresh.
I can imagine that boats do occasionally run into whales, but how do you accidentally run into enough whales feed hundreds of festival-goers? And while we’re on the topic, you would have be a really bad boat driver to run into enough whales to keep all of the whale restaurants in Ulsan supplied with whale meat throughout the year.
Hallelujah!!!
Another cycle going on behind the scenes here, but that is, nonetheless, product of the same processes, is the formation/melting of the ice caps and the rise/fall of sea levels. The implications of rising sea level could mean any number of things from an excess of methane released from the ice caps and, thus, an acceleration of global warming to more sporadic and dangerous weather (for humans).
So...the perp sends me an email, pesudo-apologizing for his actions (but not really) and suggesting we spend a couple days together to get to know eachother better and putt the aforementioned shitty week behind us. At this point, I knew that there was a 50/50 chance this dude was going to further piss me off, but I was willing to take that gamble in attempt to fuck this dude and his magnificent dick one last time for the road. By now, I had already surmised that he was not potential partner material and I just wanted a nice fuck-filled weekend of fun and no dramatics. Not what happened.
– The placekicking wasn’t awful, but there is still work to do.
It has now been six years since I settled in England having moved over from Germany. Originally I was only staying for a six month work experience but for the first time in my life I felt totally and completely at home. This was a fascinating sensation and I began setting up life with the thought in the back of my head that after a couple of years I shall move on to another country, maybe Canada or New Zealand.
Magical thinking rejects the discipline of labor, instead it believes that individual or group success derives from their 'specialness' and that a failure to achieve that merited success is due to being obstructed or conspired against by the underhanded people who cunningly go out and work for a living instead of wallowing in the warm tub of their own specialness.
For my project...I used a Jif Peanut Butter Jar that I had saved for an event such as this...to be able to reuse it for a project, like a candy jar, instead of it going to a landfill!! All the paper that I used was from my supply of scraps that I have kept from other projects. All the embellishments were extras that I just had sitting around or ones that I had cut or made for other projects but just didn't use them for what ever reason. I have to say that I was pretty excited to use things that I already had that might normally had gotten discarded. :) The only thing that I bought for the project was the Snicker's candy bars that went inside, which are my dad's favorite. He was facing some scary medical issues, which he is really good now, so I stuck to bright fun colors & spring-ish items like Butterflies to lighten the mood. He has already asked me how the jar gets refilled. :)
The Spratlys disputes have long been feared as Asia’s next potential flashpoint for armed conflict.
There were many things that lead me to realize what I was becoming. There were places, books, and a song that all reminded me of what was important. But most importantly, God gave me the most wonderful friends who continue to show me who He is in a very real way. You probably know who you are – I thank you, and I thank God for you.
My HGW story is a different animal entirely, with multiple voice roles, so I’m very anxious to see how the finished episode turns out. My thanks and compliments go out to those folks who took the time to audition. The final decisions regarding casting will be Jay’s, but I certainly appreciated and enjoyed being in on what must be a difficult decision-making process.
EXOTIC COUSINS
Have you tried any 'foreign' food lately? What's your favourite type?
- Marriage is penalized as a result of the new subsidy scheme.
I'm really happy with the color, although I think it's hard to see in this picture. It's such an amazing feeling to see something that I've finished; to know that it started as nothing more than an idea and that it became a piece of art.
And I hurt my kitty so I am sad.
But it didn’t escape her notice of the blush, she wore a smug look that made the blush deepen. She cooed out a single word, “Disappointed?”
There was a groupon for an art class, so my friend Lenore and I decided to do it. I think the real way this place makes their money is by selling booze, which you would think would be a highly sustainable business model in Wisconsin but which you would also think would not be conducive to producing good art.
Isn’t this why
The next day, she'd ask again, "When do I start school?"
Prints, canvases, note card sets, original paintings and matches - you're sure to find something to show your mom just how much she's loved! Just type in MOMS20 at the etsy checkout to receive discount.
Add 1/3 of the seasonings plus some salt & pepper
Last week an old friend of mine (he's not that old, but we've known each other for something like 16 years) came over for dinner, along with several other newer (and younger) mutual friends, and brought me a "random" six pack from his fridge, none of which were consumed that evening, due to the homebrew I insisted they drink. In return, he insisted that I keep his offerings and as one of them was new to me, decided to write a review.
save their sanity—forget the last-minute scramble every night and know what they’re having for dinner
I admit I have done that in the distant path, but it was for good reason. I was honing my singing skills, practicing the new songs and making sure I could remember the words so that I didn’t look such a tit on stage if I were to forget them.
Quick check: if you’re thirsty, you’re already dehydrated (which means if seeing the drop on the leaf at the top made you thristy… you guessed it – you’re dehydrated RIGHT NOW.)
12. Public Enemies * ^
Morning everyone, And Welcome to another KKKG Challenge.
Enjoy them while still hot and crispy!
And since my boyfriend insists on dragging me out of my warm sleeping bag (with 2 layers of pants, 3 pair of socks and 5 sweaters of course), into the extremely cold and dark bowels of the morning – sans coffee, well, let’s just say – my extremely laid back self has daggers, no wait, chain saws aimed at his head. (I love you…..).
The word eulogy comes from the Greek word eulogia which means ‘good words.’ That is what I hope to share today on behalf of my grandmother, Janet Cecilia Gardner Brittingham. There are so many good words that described her: humble, strong, hard worker, caring, loving daughter, sister, wife, mother, grandmother and great-grandmother. Mom Mom, as her seven grandchildren affectionately called her, would have been uncomfortable with all of this attention. She raised her son, Bob and her daughters, Janet and Mary Ellen, while Pop Pop worked to support them. She was an amazing seamstress. She loved football. She worked many jobs herself. I will never forget when she worked for the video store. My brother, Scott, and I spent many hours watching Disney videos after school while she worked. Mom Mom was always concerned about everyone else. You could feel her love for you before you even got to know her. Regardless of what name you knew her by, Janet, Jan, Ceil, Mom, Mom Mom, she made you feel welcome just by the simple “Hi hon,” she used to refer to everyone. When I think of Mom Mom, the word presence comes to mind. She gave you her presence and that was enough. I had the privilege of spending many a Sunday afternoon with Mom Mom and Pop Pop driving back to Philadelphia. Pop Pop and I would carry on deep conversations or talk about what was going on in each other’s lives or the news, but Mom Mom would just quietly and peacefully sit and listen. She loved the Philadelphia skyline and affectionately referred to the skyscrapers that lit in the night sky as “my buildings.” She loved you with a deep, welcoming love that just made you feel at home. With Mom Mom you could just sit and talk and she would patiently listen and humbly offer advice when she felt it was appropriate.
I’m hardly a Velib’ expert. Living in the burbs, I don’t get to use Paris’ way-cool rent-a-bike program as often as I’d like. There are thousands of Parisians out there who have thoroughly integrated Velib’ into their lives and can test tire pressure, adjust the seat, check out their bike and sail into traffic while I am still pulling my Velib’ card out of my wallet. That said, I’ve gotten used to the system and it seems way less baffling than before.
Even at my high school reunion, I heard someone mock me. This wasn’t even someone that I graduated with or had ever met before. He/she said “oh, just wait, I bet she is about to start singing the National Anthem.” ha. ha. ha. I was hurt. I helped plan the reunion with several of my friends. I took time away from my new baby to work on planning. And, to hear that, my feelings were hurt. And, I heard them saying (in my mind) “she can’t sing. She should just go away.” But, those voices, the ones that said “I can’t” are not more powerful than the one that says “I can.” And, “I should” and “it’s not about me” so “buck up and get out there and sing your heart out to the Glory of God, girl, because that is what you were made to do!”
In the deep grass of the meadows
For Security Reasons, The Press Conference Of Fred VIDAL, PhD Is Rescheduled At The W Hotel In San Fancisco May 22, 2010 At 2pm As The Candidate Who Signs His Messages Mike FULLER Joins The George W. BUSH Presidential Center And GOPAC!!
10. Buffalo Bills OLB Courtney Upshaw (Bama) The Bills went from contender to pretender quicker then a Milli Vanilli hit song. If Upshaw’s performance in the BCS Championship game is an indicator of his talent level, then the Bills come away with a solid contributor.
under comfort of green arms.
On a separate note...was Amber and I the only ones who couldn't sleep last night? Actually, I must have, because the dreams were so unbelievably vivid. In all my life I've never had such dreams. I wonder if I should have left the chocolates in the box before retiring? Rather the chocolates and dreams than what Amber had to go through, eh?
Too-Busy
Rob Kardashian
I won this pattern in Kirsty's giveaway a couple weeks ago. (Yeeaaa winning!) As I was walking up to my apartment after work last Friday, I spotted the little yellow envelope with that distinct Sewaholic font sticking out of my mailbox, and I practically sprinted up the porch steps to tear into it. I've had my fabric ready since, like, the day after I got Kirsty's e-mail so I was eager to whip this one up.
Ava*
Sometimes I prefer to keep them in until I can be with them as I really worry about what they may get up to. Plus the fact that Mr Fox could visit at any time, or my little ex battery hens may squeeze through places they shouldn't as they are so small compared to Blodwyn and Bethan.
If you’re used to prose and love describing things as you write (like me), this is the only way you’ll get through a dialogue-only script. Every couple of scenes, put the script away and write something rich in description. Whether you want to work on a novel or short story, or describe a scene from the script. DO SO! You will go insane without description after a few scenes.
Punched Posies C N. UM $9.00
I knew a person once we said to me "I know that if someone wanted to harm me, I could not protect my self or my children and I am fine with that." "If it is my time to go, it is my time to go." Of course she said that, but she didn't really believe it, otherwise she wouldn't take her child to the doctor or wear her seat belt or turn on the alarm in her house, but it's what she tells herself because thinking about being mugged, raped or murdered is scary. Thinking about your children being harmed is unimaginable and it is easier not to, until of course you have no other choice. Often what appears to be easy, turns out to be the hardest thing of all. I understand that mindset. I was pretty much the poster child for that mindset. When I get a comment like I did yesterday from anonymous I am not angry with him or her because I was him or her. I told someone last night that this person who keeps posting anonymously, it feels personal to me. I keep thinking it is someone who knows me. Someone who is close to me, but maybe it is just that I can so intimately identify with the thinking that I feel a connection to him or her. I don't know.
After checking around the cars and circling the campsite, I started down the road. Inside the forest, the eerie glow of early morning and the cool fog blanched the world a ghostly white. The moist nip in the air sharpened the scent of pine needles that littered the camp ground. I continued down the road for about ten
Anchor Purse – £3
This morning my computer will not turn on.
I've been very careful not to waste food. Our Christmas 4kg turkey crown fed 7 people well on Christmas day. It was served cold with chips and salad for 4 on Boxing day, made a pasta bake for 4 on Bank Holiday Tuesday and the very last slices went in to a leftovers pie for 4 on the Wednesday. Not a scrap left. This reduces food spending - something we all have to be mindful of these days.
Just look at the beautiful Katy Perry, photographed for the Scarlet Collection:
May 18 Los Angeles, CA (Review by Irene_k/LPU and Dayna Brisco)
Arietty Clock is what you call a Borrower. Have you ever heard scuttling noises around your house and dreamed of what it might be? In this heartwarming film by Studio Ghibli, based on The Borrowers by Mary Norton, a story told between a family of 4 inch tall people and a big world of paradise above the floor, the danger from the terrifying ‘human beans’ puts their life and their ancient art of borrowing in danger.
Bad Joke: politicians are those loud mouthed sons of bitches who feel so compelled to take some kind of action. Solution: don’t vote, really piss em off. (I’m laughing, i get it)
Copyright Date: 2008, March
10 pm SHURMAN @ Cannery Ballroom The boys are ON FIRE right now ! New line up includes Jerry Angel (drums) and Jesse Duke (guitar) GREAT songs, Great Show, Great support from radio and they play 150 dates per year - if I don’t see you at this show your FIRED!
Method All Purpose Cleaner is a staple in the bathroom, I keep one in there at all times so I can quickly wipe down mirrors, counter tops, shelves or the floor with one great product! These also come in lovely scents.
I just had to stop my travelogue to say thank you to a few friends who kindly sent me cards to wish me well.
I’m not sure what to call it. I guess for the past month, I felt a good deal of hatred towards myself; I hated my decisions, I hated my inability to react to certain situations, and I definitely hated the way my plan seemed to be falling apart. I guess all that…ugliness… Came to a head, and a familiar thought from my younger years came up again. I thought about doing something that I’ve told very few about, and that I’ll keep that way for a little bit longer.
I hope Google takes all this into account and eventually reconsiders their decision to require real identities on Google+ and does not extend that to other products. It is really a matter of life-altering consequence to many of us.
- "L for Lavender and Lace" -
4) This is going to bring me some backlash but: should we not give the state the power to sterilize insane women in the hopes that it would stop the Yates’, Sanchez’s and Schlosser’s of the world??
Starting this semester is exciting and nerve-wracking (I already got a headache last night!), but I am ready for the challenge.
as it often happens, i found an idea one day when i wasn't even looking. to be honest, i thought in the back of my mind, this sweet potato was really headed for the garbage can, especially into its second week of taking up counter space.
We gained a huge amount of support from the general public and the local council, for once. All the local businesses were open as usual. And most of them embraced the EDL coming to town as they thought it would bump up local trade, which we did. There were a few businesses shut in the town, and this is due to them joining along with our march and demonstration. So a big thanks to the people of Peterborough - the EDL is right behind you.
Libya is nothing more than a mineral-rich swath of desert, not even as strategically significant as the Gulf States - the casus belli to our interference was to stop the killings. If we had done nothing the killing would have ceased; instead they have continued for over two months, the modern-day Caligula is still in power, and we have failed to capture a single city.
Just the tips of my weathered and sweet spring frock
Tools: Spellbinders- Classic circle and scalloped
Marian Thompson, let me apologize for reprinting this article, I know it totally sucks but most certainly points out that many people are against you as they must have been all along against you and your late husband…truth and reality or have these people been listening to these Animal Rights Fanatics and been JACKED?!? I am so sorry about the ignorance of people but you can’t fix STUPID!!! Your neighbors sure are!!!…can’t be fixed, not even with duct tape, so don’t bother trying!!!
Michael and I were invited the other day to view a greenhouse FULL of orchids. The beauty of the flowers took my breath away, and it was a cherished break in the dull weather of winter. I had no idea there were so many types/varieties of orchids.
Read a few books
After all the adrenalin has rushed through. When reality hits you. When fall apart is all you can do but you don’t want to.
Or the other side is immature, pedestrian, unsophisticated, Philistine.
I grew up in Ostend, a great city, with industrial-, fishing- and yachting harbours.
Ornoy A, Tenenbaum A. Pregnancy outcome following infections by coxsackie, echo, measles,mumps, hepatitis, polio and encephalitis viruses. Reprod Toxicol 2006; xxx.
for my mother and aunt, i made some 30" long, elfish stockings with green polka dot batik fabric and stuffed them with treats.
I’m glancing over it now, as I write and as I think. My eye is immediately drawn to The Birth of the New City Force by Gustavo Borda, published in Mexico City in 2005. I pause, surprised. Obviously there is something wrong. Remember, Bolaño died in 2003. He could not possibly know about this book, first appearing two years later. It must be a misprint. But then there is Untitled, a posthumous novel by Zach Sondenstern, published in Los Angeles in 2023, thirteen years from now. Thirteen years! Bolaño could not know this; I could not know this; you could not know this.
The big issue right now is the student loan interest program. If it expires in July, the average student will pay $1,000 more on their loans in pure interest. For those who are struggling just to make the minimum payment each month, this could put them dangerously close to defaulting on their loans. President Obama is urging Congress to not let this program expire. This is one of those times when even through my congressman can be an elitist … (well, it rhymes with stick), I’m still going to pick up the phone and send an email asking him to vote to extend the program.
And yes, by now I knew what he was asking. But I was going to find out if he was actually going to say it. Point blank. Out loud.
Back to square one…
On the offchance anyone missed the inference, the Prime Minister ‘call me Dave’ Cameron inferred Nadine Dorres is sexually frustrated.
Club Members (pay in full by the 5 May 2012) only pay R1500
Those lives seem cookie-cutter on paper, but they're executed with such honesty, astuteness, and charm throughout the film. Yes, Jules and Nic are lesbians, but the film doesn't seek to define them as just that; they're family isn't this wacky, unconventional family unit that drinks wine and dances around to "We Are Family". And thank God Cholodanko and her crew didn't turn this into another Sundance-lite fair a la Sunshine Cleaning or Little Miss Sunshine. This film doesn't play for cute and call it good; it doesn't play for alternative and think that is enough; and the filmmakers (Cholodanko being a lesbian herself) certainly don't use the film as a platform of any kind. And why should they? What would be the point? I don't see it the way some film critics do that The Kids Are Alright is designed to make the masses feel more comfortable about Pop 8. That's a lousy way to look at a film that isn't trying to be anything more than a well-observed family dramedy.
I pondered this all weekend. Why do some cultures, my own as an example, need to have so many words and concepts for BLISS and other cultures don't have any and it's really a stretch to even conceptualize it in their language.
Wednesday: Bywater, Tavernier, Batth, Llera, R Johnson, O’Connor (Palmer 53’), Lines, Semedo (c), Marshall, Lowe (Morrison 78’), O’Grady (Prutton 89’). Unused substitutes: O’Donnell, Bennett.
“OK – so, what would you like for lunch?”
The drug gabapentin, which the U.S. successfully sued its maker for over US$2 billion dollars due to aggressive false marketing to doctors (oh – the pharamaceutical salespeople), is an anticonvulsant that was prescribed to me for side effects of one of the popular modern antidepressants, specifically, restless legs. Unfortunately, unlike most cases of restless legs, mine affected me throughout most parts of the day, and thus, I was prescribed gabapentin, off-label, ’round the clock (it is now approved only for night time usage for this condition). As a result, my personality changed; I became uncharacteristically violent and angry at times. I began to seek out the use of drugs and alcohol, despite the fact that I was previously a surprisingly committed teetotaler for a 20-something white middle-class college student. And because the effects of the drug were so insidious, my life spiraled completely out of control to the point that I was, for the first time in my life, involuntarily hospitalized.
I was just about to turn around, and head on back down the way we came.
Now, with Pinterest, the list making is visual and easy, and there’s the fun social aspect of sharing ideas with your friends and glue gun toting strangers. It’s also immediately and dangerously addictive. It will likely suck you in and spit you out, bleary eyed and overwhelmed by clothes you don’t have, projects you won’t do, recipes you won’t make, houses you will never live in and organization systems you will fail at. It’s also by far the most convenient way I’ve found to combine sloth AND envy.
Then he asked me since it was Jesus birthday and then he got lots of presents when Mother's Day would be? I asked him why and he said "because I love you mommy and I want to make you hearts".
Earth
I checked my calendar and told him that as of that moment, I was available. At no time did I voice an agreement to attend.
under a blanket of snow
The main part of the bedroom is always the bed. Kids beds always have the most wild imagination put to life. And then the rest of the decoration in the room will just follow. Oh how nice it is to be a kid in this modern time, you get to sleep inside a yellow truck! - LOL.
FRENCH TOAST stuffed with blueberry goat cheese filling
Buck says, “if you are having issues that you are not dealing well with, contact me or another licensed therapist to help you. If the person is in emergency crisis and is suicidal or homicidal, or has a chronic mental illness, distant services probably are not the best options. I screen each client to ensure his or her goals are attainable over the phone or with Skype. If I feel there may need to be a need for emergency services or a high level of care, then I refer the client to face-to-face therapy, but either way, I will try to assist in getting a driver the help he or she needs.”
Umm the male I vaguely described a few weeks back has continued to make the rounds. Calls, texts, emails, funny links…we’re reaching a new level folks. And today, he sent me A PLAYLIST. Like a playlist to listen to all day while I’m busting my ass.
The Zulu army was however defeated at a Battle which became known as the Battle of Blood River in 1838, and the first Boer Republic was established in Natal shortly thereafter.
New Cowgirl Nanny doll – no stinky (blond) hair, only brown
Holy Thursday, one of my favorite liturgies of all time (ever since I went to my first one at least 15 years ago — honestly I can’t calculate tonight how long ago it was when I first went to one, but I know the first time I went was for extra credit in grade school)! Why is Holy Thursday so important and why is it one of my favorite liturgies of all time? Well, tonight I’ll attempt to answer that as well as shed some personal takes on the liturgy.
Date of Origin: Thursday May 26th, 2011 approx. 11:05 AM
People should not feel pressurised to go along with same-sex marriage just because of political correctness. They should be free to express their views. A public consultation on the proposals to redefine marriage has been launched. Although the Government says it is determined to press ahead regardless, the consultation provides an opportunity for members of the public to say they do not agree with redefining marriage.
To gift us with our own vision of unique possibility
2 Nobodys Driving 5:03
Now, let's give the plot a 10-count: penny-ante talent agent Bernie (Elliott Gould) is down on his luck and fresh out of usable talents until he takes a trip down under to Australia and discovers female boxing kangaroo named Matilda, which knocks out all comers. Almost immediately, Bernie decides to finally break into the big time by taking Matilda and her trainer Baker (Clive Revill) back to The States and having this Marsupial Mauler fight a few rounds against a human. Of course, Bernie has to deal with a protective animal rights activist named Karen (Karen Carlson), boxing commissioner Wildman (Roy Clark), world-weary sports columnist Parkhurst (Robert Mitchum), a well-connected hood named Uncle Nono (Harry Guardino) and the current boxing champ of the world, Dockerty (Larry Pennell).
His supervisor made the same remarks he had made earlier. Hell if I know what they were, but it was obvious, he wanted him to just let me through and stop wasting his time on the worthlessness in front of him.
It was the face belonging to a naturally slow or inattentive intellect
I have a renewed respect for these people who put their lives on the line to spray water on the Nuclear Power Plants in an effort to cool down the reactors. Their news conference was 100 times better than the TEPCO (Tokyo Electric Power Company) conferences because they were speaking in terms that are understandable and they didn't make any excuses or vague comments. They were prepared...not only for the news conference but for the actual event that they might have to help... which it seems, they did!
We are buying a new house that sits on an acre, but is surprisingly close to where we live right now. My husband has wanted an acre ever since we moved from ours in Utah, but knew I didn't want to make any random, major moves, so he found a place with a completely-redone-inside house and all the dirt surrounding it that he could ever want.
Me: Awww.
Many of the writers who offer articles with PLR are professionals and have access to the latest information regarding your field of interest. By acquiring the rights from them, you avail yourself of their professional results without having to retain their services regularly.
- 820 words -
I did quite a bit of research on places to visit and of course asked Tasmanian friends what we should not miss. This list was extensive so I got out a map and started plotting which direction to circumnavigate and the best places to stop. We have friends and family who live there and we wished to visit so they had to be included in our itinerary.
And speaking of "Juicebox," who has ideas on how to get Juicy Juice to use my song as their jingle? How hard can it be?
Dear Self 13 days shy of the big 3-0,
Quite frankly I think anyone who would cut the genitals of their child needs to be fined heavily and either face life in prison or a death sentence, along with the doctor, mohel, or whoever doing the procedure. It’s akin to surgical rape of a minor. And it’s legal. It makes my stomach turn. Alas, the practice continues mainly in the United Shithole of America, and for one goddamn specific reason: MONEY. It’s big business. Just goes to demonstrate that most American doctors, Big Pharma, and all of their cronies are more concerned about making money than patient health. Absolutely disgusting.
Shoulders – Bridesmaid Kristen Wiig, The Artist’s Missy Pyle and model/actress Milla Jovovich nailed the rules of attraction by bearing their shoulders. I’ve got a post on shoulders coming, so I don’t want to throw a spoiler into the mix and will keep it brief. Men love a shoulder, even more so if you only let them look at one. Leave them wanting more is the lesson (see JLo), so for now, I’ll leave some mystery for my coming post.
Will I try again? Definitely. Will I compare the difference between the “traditional” bagel versus the ones made with eggs and oil? Oh, yes.
When it comes to CPR be forceful to insure that blood is flowing.
Caught in the middle of an internecine Fox Report “feud” between weekday anchor Shepard Smith (who strangely relishes the video of a sedated black bear falling from a tree onto a trampoline, being catapulted high into the air, and falling forcefully face-first into the ground) and weekend host Julie Banderas (who has renounced the video, has banished it from her show forever but also has strangely purged those very proclamations from her Twitter page), Fox Report producers appeared to search for a middle ground. And, perchance, they actually found it on the “Bear Alert” Sunday.
Reading Eggs is an online program for ages 3-13.... from learning to read to increasing reading comprehension. There are lots of fun games that the kids really liked. I used it with Braeden (age 2 1/2) and Ryleigh (almost 5). Both seemed to really enjoy it.
King: Look General Najiya, is this the same paint that you saw on the market wall?
** I forgot that I added chicken to this salad. I just chopped up some chicken breast and cooked it on the stove in olive oil, onion, garlic and some mexican seasonings... red pepper flakes, chili powder, whatever you have on hand.
everything here is on a roof ...including the waterfall...simply amazing!
PKR leaders also had harsh words for Prime Minister Najib Razak’s federal government. Despite the release of an official report that found evidence of rape, Najib and his Cabinet have refused to act.
That list now includes Sirius XM Radio, which is now planning to launch a serious Pandora jab. And according to Sirius XM chairman and CEO Mel Karmazin, the reason has more to do with super-serving an existing subscriber base than building a new model. And Karmazin sees a lot of problems with Pandora’s royalty-heavy, server-heavy, and ad-heavy approach. “Our on-demand and personalized radio programming will have no commercials on our music offerings and will be at no extra charge to those subscribers who have added internet listening to their plans. Free and freemium competitors online will have a tough time matching the commercial-free aspect of Sirius XM branded music combined with the unique sports and talk content we offer,” Karmazin told investors.
To do a large job, you need large tools - and Astrology is the John Deere of Soul Moving Equipment manufacturers.
I've had these Vibram KSO's for bout a year. They got to hang out a bit here and there, mostly indoors, and they got to travel to Colombia for some beach and hiking fun, but until I heard Chris McDougal and Eric Orton talk last Saturday at Bookcourt and participated in the Naked Run I hadn't dared to run in them
We hold your lotus-like feet above all else.
The odious runt that he is, Derek Clark trumped up the most dishonest of claims against Peter Baker inventing evidence and telling lies he then corruptly convened a disciplinary hearing and colluded with the equally duplicitous self serving creep Gerard Batten - best known for his greed and total lack of integrity.
Who by repentance is not satisfied
by linda
Mr Sheridan asked if Mr Coulson knew of Mr Goodman’s association with Glenn Mulcaire. He replied that he had never had any contact with Mr Mulcaire and had not even known his name until Mr Mulcaire had been arrested. When asked regarding Mulcaire’s company, 9 Consultancy, he insisted, “I never met him, spoke to him or emailed him”.
I'm not sure whether it was the smaller quantity of food (quality of food sucked this week..more on that in a minute), or the walking I did this week...but something clicked and I broke through my plateau this week. I'm officially into the one teens again. A total weight loss of 31 lbs since January, with 9 more to go.
The two sat comfortably at the table exchanging cute smiles as they talked about memories together and life in general. He looked up to see an approaching lady selling flowers. The lady is smart. She walks past the little bars along the avenue and side streets selling flowers. She takes advantage of the fact that if she asks a guy in front of his woman if he would like to buy her a flower, how could he say no to that? The flower is only one dollar, the lady is so cute and sweet, and the guy has the love of his life looking at him to see what he does! Well, in this particular instance the woman sitting with the guy answered. She looked at the lady and said in Spanish “we are not in love yet” and the lady gave a look of surprise to the woman and winked her eye. After the woman left, the guy sat back in his chair and laughed with a deep thunderous tone. They kissed and he started laughing again and his love just maintained the cutest grin. The cool night air here is a blessing every evening. While the sidewalks and streets are always busy, the evening crowd is almost completely made up of people enjoying the fact that they can comfortably enjoy a walk or sit down peacefully and drink a soda or beer. There seems to be a little bar type of place with music blaring every 100 meters here. The week nights are not very crowded, but Friday and Saturday will appear as a sea of colorful people wearing coastal trend clothing. Many beautiful Latin women that invested hours doing hair and makeup will be strolling ever-so-properly down the sidewalks as if on a beauty exhibit being judged.
Android users can use Google Maps Navigation, an app that’s not available for iPhone, to get free turn-by-turn directions to virtually anywhere. While there are lots of other GPS apps for both platforms, there’s no equivalent free app for iPhone.
Last Thursday my office through me a work shower and we got some more lovely things off of our registries. That was four showers, whew... glad those are over!
Pre-boil Volume: 6.5 gallons
Marcus didn't want any feathers on his alien.
Spivak’s unwillingness to sacrifice the ethical in the name of the aesthetic, or to sacrifice the aesthetic in grappling with the political, makes her task formidable. As she wrestles with these fraught relationships, she rewrites Friedrich Schiller’s concept of play as double bind, reading Gregory Bateson with Gramsci as she negotiates Immanuel Kant, while in dialogue with her teacher Paul de Man. Among the concerns Spivak addresses is this: Are we ready to forfeit the wealth of the world’s languages in the name of global communication? “Even a good globalization (the failed dream of socialism) requires the uniformity which the diversity of mother-tongues must challenge,” Spivak writes. “The tower of Babel is our refuge.”
I remember this conversation I had with a friend about Spanish as a language to Filipinos. I believe that there’s little we can achieve if Filipinos speaking Spanish increases but we neglect to study its historical relevance. I’ve met people who are so fluent in Spanish that they embarrass me to try mine. But as good as they are in speaking it, they could not relate the language to their identity. Instead, these people ends up loving the culture of Spain and not that of the Filipinos who once spoke it.
So thanks for looking. If you are still here!!! It has been a labor of love but so fun and I have learned alot along the way. I have some more projects in the works that I hope to share soon. Have an awesome night folks !!!!
At the time of review and even in subsequent updates, the 'expedited' publishing service with Raider was around the $250 mark. I'm staggered you paid £700 - just for that - that's well over $1000 alone.
You might just learn something.
The widowed former Co-operative worker was found face-down on the floor of her room and bleeding on April 1 when son Terry went to visit her. She was rushed to hospital and is now recovering back at the care home.
Looking at it from Paul’s point of view, what could he say? Before Lysius could comprehend the cause of the tumult he would have to be saved and have the guidance of the indwelling Holy Spirit. How can one without the Holy Spirit understand spiritual things, even if explained to him?
I've used loads of dimensional foam tapes since I am anyway going to hand deliver this card! :-)
"Are you our waitress?"
There is no point on me touching on the subject that I could go above and beyond my goal and screw myself by losing too much weight. I'm just a "glass is half empty" kind of gal.
The Lord Mayor leads the queen into his city.
09 Ocean Rain
6:04 AM: First alarm goes off, hit the snooze button
Marlene tilted her head. “The Lavender House is on the square isn’t it?”
- In Ames, Iowa, USA, it is still illegal for men to have three sips of beer while they are in bed with their wives.
from the simplest careing for a friend
Redskins beat the Seahawks. Game stole. ~Luca
I'll keep all y'all posted on the progress..because being the good blogger that I am...of course I will be taking a " break" from what ever chore I am in the middle of....blogging can sometimes be a better diversion than tv.
- Onno was waiting for me at the airport, waiving his hands from the very moment he saw me. And that his smile was as big as mine!
My personal favorite on Hoods is a dandy new version of an old song Williams co-wrote, “Mojo Hannah.” This has been recorded by Esther Phillips, Aaron Neville, Marvin Gaye, and an underrated New Orleans singer named Tami Lynn. Williams doesn’t have the voice of any of those, but his knowing rasp does the song justice.
It is Xenophobia, pure and simple.
Where were her children, her husband, her duties,
I am in the market for a great stamp for the BACK of my cards. I think I would like to have my name and blog site listed, and I think a bit of a crazy font would make it just about perfect for my style. Any ideas? Hey, and what about watermarks? What do YOU use on your pics?
I just wanted to say, it’s amazing how in less than 5 seconds, my brain can go from accepting the trans to feeling terrified and overwhelmed and back to accepting/excited. Like in an INSTANT I can have a multitude of thoughts bombard me and it’s like whoah damn how did that happen. I can have days where I am like YAY Trans YAY for my spouse who will feel fulfilled YAY for all the fun things! And then days that it’s like why why why. I am not always in the why why why parts. And as I have mentioned before, I generally feel pretty awesome about my life.
Before we go any further I do need to address the elephant in the room. Yes, Sony took major influence from a certain Nintendo fighter beginning with ‘Smash’ and ending in ‘Bros’. There’s a lot here that’ll remind you of Smash Bros including the fast paced action, characters ripped from various Playstation titles, and the ability to fling characters off the map. Still, you may want to wait before you write this game off as a straight up copycat.
A sister mentioned how she was in need of prayer. Great she wanted help, and she asked for it. The Holy Spirit immediately brought to mind a scripture. Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. James 5:16a,b (KJV) We should pray for, help and lift up one another. Be determined to no longer have your hand in the pot only to take, but also to add something of value. Give, and you will receive. Your gift will return to you in full–pressed down, shaken together to make room for more, running over, and poured into your lap. The amount you give will determine the amount you get back. Luke 6:38 (NLT)
HHs, thanks for sharing.
