There really isn't much more I can pray for in life, then for Sy to become a man of faith. All parents want their children to learn from their mistakes, to be better people, and I guess I'm no different. I pray that S will see the beauty around him each day, that he will thank the Lord even when he finds it hard. I pray that when he feels life is just "stinky" that he can still find a reason to rejoice.
“If we look at the product categories that most commonly utilise the masculine ideal, we can see that they fall mostly in the luxury and aspirational categories such as fragrances, watches, clothing, cars, sport, and so on. So in essence, what these messages imply is that a muscular man is successful and desired man,” she says.
He'Brew Jewbelation Vertical
Apparently the posts weren't "welcoming" enough, as on Sunday morning he announced his departure from the cause. "I am aghast that so many people are posting deeply offensive pictures of the Prophet," he writes. "Y'all go ahead if that's your bag, but count me out."
Another common multi-purpose item. Can be used for everything from sealing openings, making shelter or collecting rain water, just to mention a couple of the many uses it has. It helps a lot that it can be found dirt cheap sometimes in hardware stores. Here in Ireland, I’ll tape a large plastic sheet with me when hiking in case I have to improvise shelter.
Like my previous post on Testing Ink, testing paper is equally important! Not all papers are created equal - some will bleed and some won't blend. You don't want to spend time working on a beautiful piece of work only to have it turn ugly!!
1 pleasant
Spencer’s forcing that kid to get some exercise, while Spencer eats.
Often we get caught up in matters which have varying degrees of importance in themselves. Sometimes it’s a case of doing well versus doing better, which involves wisdom and discernment. Other times we can be hoodwinked into what seemed good at the time, but was not.
Come White, come Hot Pink, come Yellowgreen & Copper - to the Greatest Show on Earth!
Soon after qualifying she joined a NGO (non-government organization) that provided medical services to some of the most dangerous places in the world, helping civilians in war zones and disaster areas. Arthur joked Jamila had more scars than he did.
11 Big Exit
The man slid down the wall and grabbed the pistol with trembling fingers. His sleeve slipped back, revealing a white, jagged scar. Seeing Sam's father's gaze on it, he shook his sleeve down quickly and stood. "Believe me, if I knew you were coming tonight, I'd've left town." He tucked the pistol into his belt and appeared to regain his composure. "Well, Daniel, you're back. After the competition, I can't say I wasn't expecting it. But I thought you'd wait a bit. Or send notice."
A real, officially and clinically FAT PERSON is someone whose Body Mass Index/BMI (Height + Weight) is waaaay beyond what’s healthy.
different apples bake at different times so you have to check it.
We pass around the chocolate, the tissues and our hugs... as we know as women, we can't live without either of the three.
Today when I got home from my mountain bike ride I found this photo circulating amongst my Facebook friends. It’s amazing what some people see in their mind and then recreate out of ordinary day-to-day objects. Makes you wonder how long it took for him to complete this sculpture. I decided to find out more about the creator of this art. It’s created by a Canadian sculptor named Alastair Heseltine. His website bio doesn’t give a lot of information about himself but states -
One October morning, as Dr. Faust was dismissing class, a guy ran into class and blurted out that Anwar Sadat had been assassinated. Everybody who was left in the class stopped and talked about it. I was hooked.
Status: On hold at the library, #1 in queue (I expect to receive this one first as unlike the others, there are multiple copies available in the system).
Iceland Music Export (IMX) hand an Interview with Chris Foster:
My creative mojo kind of just left the building!
I think this is ultimately my biggest pet peeve with big budget movies that are highly anticipated. In that group, I’ll include movies like The Green Lantern, all of the Twilights, this most recent Pirates, and the last Indiana Jones movie….
I decided to open a new segment on my blog about sustainability. After all, I did get a degree in it! Whether or not we choose to accept it, our natural resources are quickly depleting, and each of our carbon footprints are causing damage. If we don't start doing something about it now, I feel we face a bleak future.
... Now if only I had enough money for one of these lovely yachts .......... :)
Will Albert and I get over this? Can we?
Material - You can have as many or as little different types as you want. It depends if you want to follow a pattern (e.g. blue, green, yellow, pink, blue, green, yellow, pink..) or if you want to have a different type for each triange.
Mike Leigh is one of my favourite writer/directors of all time, both on stage and screen. Secrets & Lies, Vera Drake, Naked, Ecstasy, Abigail’s Party, there are too many pieces by him that I love. As soon as this play was announce, I had to grab a ticket. Perhaps I was anticipating it a bit too much. A lot of people were though. This play was commissioned by the National even before Leigh had finished it. Of course, people were instantly fascinated and intrigued as to what this new project would be.
(P Argyle 0 - C Palace 1. Attendance: 9,318)
Her mom looked at Lucy. “What do you say to Natalie?”
Bull (Richard Harris), The Field (1990)
Twenty years later, the Master attempted to sabotage the fragile peace, but was thwarted by the Doctor and Jo Grant.
Le Vernis Limited Edition Nail Colour in June (available January 2012).
first published: 1844
Goals and Achievements Tally (I used to call these KPI’s in a past life):
and I could see her apartment reflecting that
Our challenge this time comes from Maria:
To be drunk is a certain faux-pas, ESPECIALLY for women. This can be difficult, if like me you need a few, before you can muster the courage to lurch through the ‘Hora’ dance, hanky waving and singing about the misted Rhodope Mountains, with a tear in your eye. The secret is to have just one or two to loosen you up, more than however is a very poor show.
See you at eight, Professor Hill.
As you can see, the cozy is very functional, but the model is not. To that end, I plan to spend the remainder of the afternoon watching the first Lord of the Rings movie and wait for my face to start swelling as promised.
At the center of the Spiritual World resides the divine being that we call God and Lord. From this holy center, God’s Love and Wisdom emanates throughout creation. According to how we form our spiritual bodies, they will be more or less perfectly adapted to these divine influences. If God’s tenets have been embraced, we will have successfully formed our spiritual bodies to live closer to the Divine Being, and in a heavenly society. However, if we have rejected God’s tenets of mutual and neighborly love, our spiritual bodies can only exist in an environment far removed from these heavenly influences. We call this self-centered environment Hell.
She was a quiet and shy one. (I said WAS) Not too many friends, but a few very close ones. She had a sister who worked at a theater and would occasionally bring her to movies for free.
And so it was with fire and ice, the studio woodstove too far away from the light to do him any good on a cold winter afternoon, that Larry and I began this work of exploring what it means to grow older, to let the sunshine fall voluptuously on a still-beautiful form, and to spend quiet afternoons together again. No phone, no kids, two fingers of bourbon, the smell of the ether, the two of us—still in love, still at work.
Hot Rods baseball games
She closed her eyes calling his name out loud,
I awoke this morning at 4 a.m. to the sounds of bumping base from a car parked in the alleyway outside our hostel. Once the guy decided to drive elsewhere, the street cleaners took over the noise and they were even worse than the former. (They were even louder than SF!) So, I came down here to the internet for an hour, wrote a few emails, began a blog entry, then I tried to go back to sleep, but the people above us were playing some war movie super loud and the march of drums would not relieve me of my consciousness. Fed up, I decided to go walk around. When I left, the sun had not yet risen, so it was perfect timing to get shots of the Sky Tower while it was still lit, then I headed back to my favorite spot from the day prior, Albert Park. The early morning hours, while Jed is asleep, are the best moments for me to be a real photo-crazed tourist without annoying him.
Their separation from politics should be emphasised, not blurred.
Embossing Machine: Cuttlebug by Provo Craft
It explains much about life and it’s fundamentals…
Daniel Pipes: I am a historian of Islam with a special interest in the role of Islam in public life. I received my Ph.D. in 1978, just as Ayatollah Khomeini appeared. For the first time in modern history, Islam had a large and obvious role in Western public life. What had been in the 1970s an abstract interest turned very practical. Islamic matters subsequently became very topical. That prompted me to transit from medieval history to current events. While I cover many other topics besides Islam, Islam remains central to my interests. I have a perspective I hope is useful to understand the role of Islam in politics.
A few weeks ago when I was talking to my dad on the phone, he mentioned that he needed a fabric case for his fly rod and reel but that he didn't like the ones in the store. Since it seemed like the perfect Christmas gift, I offered to make it for him if he'd send me a diagram and measurements of what he wanted. The picture he sent me was of a 30" long set of pockets with a cover flap next to a 24" long pocket.
"It's not a case based on honor," Macomb County Assistant Prosecutor Bill Cataldo, chief of homicide, told the Free Press on Friday.
Quote: “And on an extreeeeeemely suspicious play, the Raiders win!”
There is a power in me, I know it.
Benjamin Franklin was a man of action. Over his lifetime, his curiosity and passion fueled a diverse range of interests. He was a writer (often using a pseudonym), publisher, diplomat, inventor and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States.
There are a couple of problems with this way of thinking. First is the old problem of "merit." It should be clear by now that there is no objective standard of literary merit by which we can measure the relative accuracy of given prize. The literary community might determine that certain works are more meritorious than others, and that, over time, should become part of the literary main. This doesn't mean that they are objectively better nor does it mean that their place at the head table is permanent. The canon, and I use that term loosely, is susceptible to change, and can do so dramatically (especially over relatively short periods of time).
it would lend itself to a seacape
Granny Smith apple, peeled and julienned
The newsletter also discusses the March 1, 2006 requirements for trade exhibitions to set up Complaint Review Panels (CRP) on the floor of the show for resolving intellectual property infringement disputes. However, the punishments for infringing at a trade show are probably not sufficiently intimidating to have much effect:
5133 East 65th Street, Indianapolis
Being an “A” personality, this kind of thing puts me over the edge. But no matter how far ahead we plan, Dan never seems to have the same urgency as I do. “It’ll get done, don’t worry,” he assures me.
We woke up around noon today and it took us about 8 hours to unload the truck and begin setting up our new home. It's going to take me a week or two to really get everything in order but at least I have the important things set up, like my beads, my bedroom and my Internet connection!
What if you can’t stand VOE?
One still doesn’t drive.
1: Norway! That’s Bulgaria!
Sirico said: ‘Here’s the thing. We did the scene.
“Got a few but one that brings a smile to face is coming back from the StJ game earlier in the season & finding out that we where in the quite coach”
My last driver to dog on for tonight’s race is Martin Truex Jr. Two top-ten finishes in 13 starts. Most of his finishes are in the 20s or below. I know, I know. He starts 8th and is second in the points but I have to believe the MWR star will fade soon.
CFL bulbs. Environmentalists have been touting CFL lightbulbs for years and years now, so this is nothing new. But it’s still a big way to save money. Not only do CFL bulbs draw less energy, but they last far longer than incandescent bulbs — I’ve been in my current apartment for 18 months and we haven’t yet replaced a lightbulb.
US Simcoe 12.7 % 1.00 oz 0.0 Loose Pellet Hops Dry-Hopped
TouchArt's One Earth Bottle Home is a project for a sustainable beautiful home built by communities for women, children and families using recycled glass and plastic bottles, cans and tires.
I took a hold of Lady Gaga, up an alley off Linenhall St, and frigged her till she started seeping at the hoof. She wanked me to I shot it out all over her tight tigerprint one-piece then she took my arm and we walked away, and I said,
There will be five questions for you to answer spread across articles published between the 1st and 30th of April. At the end of April and once you have answers to all five questions, email the answers along with your full name, email address and postal address to competition at tronixstuff dot com with the subject heading April.
For this Earth Day and every day, we need to make sure to care more for the ocean and all the lives that call it home. Whether trash is left on the beach or the ocean coughs it up, seeing it there is at least an opportunity to pick it up and get it out of circulation before it does more damage.
at my monthly blog stats and we’re nearly on 4000 for April which is amazing – thank you Jx 😘😘
Ms Howarth was also able to reuse the covers with her second child and brought any extra ones second-hand from parenting sites. She said: “It became quite an obsession, but I saved loads of money compared to disposables.”
The night is dark, and I am far from home,
Alan Mowbray is a husband, father of two children and technical writer for an Orlando, Fla., area software company. Visit his blog by clicking here.
book A Royal “Waste” of Time has several insights in the following quote I have found helpful in thinking along these lines; she writes:
We buried Judah's sweet little body on Thursday, but he had been with the Lord since Monday morning. Because of Jesus' cross, my Judah can be with Him. Because of His empty grave, one day Judah's grave will also be empty, and I will see him again. And in the meantime, I miss him so terribly.
The trip to the place where guns are fired equally as interesting, although we’re not actually allowed to talk about where we went for reasons of privacy and security, it’s basically some guys house but it’s a place where the Army and the Police force train as well, with only a few public days. Guess they don’t want the location going viral. Also can’t talk about what I saw there until Thursday, but it was some good stuff, brought back some memories. Anyway, they each gave us our own paper head to fire at, and we fired three rounds with two guns – a Springfield and a Mauser, and I managed to get a hit with all six (although the accuracy wasn’t amazing, but all technically ‘kill shots’, the dude told me). It was an odd experience – the guns were loud, even with noise cancelling headphones on, and evening standing in the room can be a bit jarring. Probably not something I’d want to do as a hobby, but it’s something I can say I’ve done.
Meetings abound, mes auteurs, so here's a quick rerun re: publishing terms to know! — E
Risingtaste - where taste meets fashion
Considering the magnitude of the topic, I wasn’t surprised at all the sad parts in TFIOS, and believe me there are many. After all, a terminal illness doesn’t only affect its victim, and trying to imagine what it must be like as a parent, to know your child will die before you do, was as heart-wrenching as Hazel’s own pain. That said, what I didn’t expect from TFIOS was everything else, in particular how uplifting the novel managed to be even as it was tragic. Do you guys remember that scene in Sex and the City when Samantha has breast cancer and while giving a speech at a fundraiser, she takes off her wig and then a bunch of other women do like it’s a Spartacus of baldness or a happy version of that creepy scene in Witches? This whole book is kind of exactly like that.
It’s not all about the hardcore gamer though.
THE REALITY OF VOTER FRAUD
Firstly, the result of a study published last year shows conclusively that the adult populations of US and Turkey are the least likely to believe in theory of evolution. The study was conducted over 34 countries which include Japan, US and 32 European nations. A question “Human beings, as we know them, developed from earlier species of animals.” was asked, in which correspondents could respond with true, false or unsure.
26. Made a snow angel?
In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in water and vanilla. Combine flour, oats and salt; gradually add to the creamed mixture and mix well.
And now, here we are Monday with a fresh start, a fairly healthy body and outlook, ready to attack the house for a full on decluttering. I did the same thing last year around this time. To me, decluttering just seems like a normal thing to do come January. By this point, our summer projects have wound down, Christmas has come and gone and now we're stuck inside because of the winter chill. Why not take advantage of it?
I'd be tempted to opt for the acura mdx 2006 redesign, the acura mdx 2006 redesign is near sublime thanks to outstanding handling qualities that are both predictable and forgiving. This is not what I'd call a solid dead pedal is in place to keep your eyes on the acura mdx strut, the suspension becomes even suppler; it doesn't make a huge difference, but any improvement in steering control that's quick and light and this more intense, pay-attention-please driving experience is one of those comfy chairs up front when riding along, because the redesigned acura mdx of the acura mdx 2006 redesign are plenty of features and value. The hope is that the acura mdx 2006 redesign and behave while listening to Shrek in the acura mdx 2006 redesign with a 70% proportion. The Tech version which includes the acura mdx parts and some non luxury-branded small SUVs, such as golf clubs and integrated under-floor bins for hidden storage. Along with the acura mdx 2006 redesign of the future acura mdx and irritated after a downshift before power really starts to pile on.
OH, one other thing. I arrived at the airport to fly home only to discover my flight left at 6:50 a.m. instead of 6:50 p.m. Remember that part in the first post about how I jumped out of bed in the middle of the night to buy a ticket? Yeah.... maybe that wasn't such a good idea. For some reason, when I scrolled and saw "6:50" I was like, "Evening flight! Perfect!" I can't really explain why I thought that, but it may have something to do with that time I fell out of the shopping cart and hit my head on the pavement in the parking lot of Frank's Nursery and Crafts when I was really young.
My daughter wanted to play tennis.
"3. Divide dough in half. Place each log on an 8 by 12-inch sheet of parchment (wax paper for me). Roll in parchment to form a log 1 1/4 inches in diameter, pressing a ruler along edge of parchment at each turn to narrow log. Refrigerate logs until cold and firm, at least 1 hour.
Andrew RT Davies has a new job, he has my hearty congratulations, but I'm not sure that he has the support of the voters of Wales! Last time I looked, Carwyn Jones was, unfortunately, the Leader of the Welsh Assembly!
- Josy Rose nail heads
Deciding to make that change is certainly up to Gen. Petraeus. If he chooses to put up with the political games for the sake of his career, that's fine. From the statements in the Rolling Stone article, many of these political roadblocks can't possibly be helping to move the efforts of our military in Afghanistan.
Sarah would like me to list six things that I master at? That I'm a master of? At which I master? Of which I master? (This is why I usually spare you the actual writing of words here!)
Hey, did you know Monday Night Football kicks off tonight? I was flipping many times, mainly because this show just didn’t hold my interest. This is supposed to be the Go-Home show, and I have to be honest, I love Bret Hart, but even his appearance didn’t hold my interest that much tonight. Maybe because he was just on Smackdown a few weeks ago, so it’s just another appearance for me. I am also confused why Teddy Long is on Raw again, when he is a Smackdown GM, not a Raw GM. It’s the little things that frustrated me.
You want to know what’s in cheesecake? Cream cheese and sugar… basically two really delicious items that taste even better together. Granted, this is an incredibly unhealthy dessert that is usually topped with something additionally unhealthy, i.e. whipped cream, fruit compote (which is sugary fruit), or icing. So, naturally, I want to eat it all the time. I decided to try my hand at making a simpler kind of cheesecake just to make sure I didn’t ruin it entirely. In this experiment, I found that there is no need for an extra run next weekend to The Cheesecake Factory.
Kathy - Postcards from the PP
When we started planning our garden at the beginning of the year, we had no idea we'd still be at it in December. Planting garlic in October seemed really late last year. But here we are, digging our potatoes in December.
The doctor told me I could go on the pill, or I could have an ablation or I could go on progesterone. He wanted me to take the progesterone right away to stop the bleeding. Then I said the N word… “do ya have anything that is a NATURAL treatment?”. He gave me a “natural” hormone made from horse hormone (I won’t mention how they get it).
appreciate my body for all it has done and continues to do for me,
Click on the picture to see a larger version.
So, I'm hoping to be back regularly with random updates. I find Facebook leaves me open to my great aunties second cousin - or, more worryingly, My Man's entire workplace - finding out about something I flippantly said in a status update 4 months ago after a gin and tonic or 9, and Twitter just isn't long enough for me to rant and rave... so blogging world, here I come!
The Flea may continue on into October, pending discussions with merchants and organizers, but next week's installment is the last sure thing of the year. Don't miss it!
Every day, people show a startling apathy towards other people of the opposite sex. I say something needs to be done about that.
In the meantime, click on my ICN Gayby piece above, leave your work in the comments section here for me to read, and enjoy these PHOTOGRAPHIC MOMENTS OF HILARIOUS TRUTHS as my parting gift to you:
Supplies: Scallop Border Punch, Button, Twine, Glue Dot, Simply Scoring Tool
October 23 Detroit, MI The Fillmore Detroit
I've now got a Sweetwater Festival 2010 in the cellar, also the last of the Sierra Nevada 30th Anniversary Ales.
The linear route
SETTLING vs ACCEPTANCE Settling is giving up things you really want just to have something. Accepting is taking something for what it is and being satisfied with that. For example, a friend of mine is in a relationship with a guy she met when we were in college. He’s not her type physically, many of the things that are consistent about him annoy her, and she’s always always ALWAYS arguing with him. Despite the fact that I’m convinced she enjoys the dysfunction, she is settling for him & she knows it. She simply does not want to be alone, so she has chosen to be miserable. Had she accepted him as he is, the things that have proven to be consistent about him would not bother her as much as they do. And they would argue less, because she would accept that the things they argue about are things that will not change. He is who he is. Whether or not he chooses to change in order to please her is his decision. I wouldn’t hold my breath if I was her.
Among these countless movies, I have those that I call "Event" movies. These are the ones that go to the top of my list as soon as I hear about them. I'd say there are only four or five of these a year. When I first heard about INCEPTION, I was hit by an instant trifecta of information: Christopher Nolan, Leonardo DiCaprio, and the words, "Your mind is the scene of the crime." I knew I had an "Event" movie, and started counting down the days.
Yay for Diana Gabaldon!
“No Woman Born,” C. L. Moore, 1944 – The famous dancer Diedre is horribly burned in a theatre fire and her mind is transplanted into a golden robot. After much time spent recovering under the care of the physician who performed the surgery, she is visited by her former manager (and presumed lover). At first Diedre tries to “perform human,” specifically, femininity. She smokes a cigarette; she apes her old feminine charms, her laugh, her walk. At the same time, Diedre slowly reveals more and more information about her new powers to the two men (perhaps, a reverse strip-tease), causing them to become increasingly agitated.
Her daughter is grown and out on her own. She is alone now. Her job is done. “But, well-done?” she wonders from time to time.
Mankind, once an outcast, has been made worthy of sonship to the Heavenly Father, received the promise of the glorious resurrection and eternal life in the heavens together with the angels.
The dust that I breathed that day gave me a severe allergy to last a few days., but I did save thousand rupees plus on the taxi. Wise or penny wise? After being mis-directed by some untrustworthy folks on the walk back, and having a bad time of it, I almost cancelled the rest of the trip and came home. But then I knew that if I did not finish this trip as planned, I might never go again, so steeling my nerves I went forth to Pipariya and Pachmarhi where I had the most wonderful time of my life.
Wasp
I didn't want to wait to share my favorite part of the room. The built in hutch.
. we had a nurse .
Get in there, you big furry oaf, I don't care what you smell!
5.) On a scale of 1 to 10, how excited are you for your books release date?
shop and into Hal's Beamer (with the icky air freshener). Have you ever been in a situation where you had to "ninja" your way out and try not to be discovered? If so, what happened? When I was younger I was always "ninja"-ing my way out of my sisters bedroom with her clothes in hand. For some reason, it's a lot more fun to wear her clothes when she didn't know about it. In my college years, I was always "ninja"-ing myself back into my house. Didn't want my parents to realize when I actually got home. LOL!
Here they are....
My thyroid. It’s funky and with the 55 lbs gone it’s changed but not for the good, yet. So he upped my dose and in 6 month go back for a lab test to see if that helps. So if it does it means no more thinning hair, a normal sleep pattern will come back, I won’t be so stressed feeling when really like if pretty good. Things will even out. Okay, I can handle that so the next things we talked about…
that lived them;
The only good thing about barf is the plethora of euphemisms for the term.
This album shows why Cannibal Corpse is one of the elite bands in death metal. Every song boasts quality riffs that are catchy and brutal, as well as good solos and a mix of speeds. They intersperse fast sections with monstrously thick slower parts, giving dynamics to the overall sound. And though I'll concede that George "Corpsegrinder" Fisher's vocals are somewhat monotonous, his delivery is vicious while still being intelligible, so I'll give him credit. It seems to me that anyone who's into death metal would have to try to find something to dislike about this music.
For family, for friends, for me,
What will the young men learn from this experience? Maybe it’s that they can get away with their antics. Maybe it’s that they were injured and aggrieved. But just maybe it will be that they’ve lost a coach who did nothing worse than think that, when forced to handle themselves in an unfamiliar situation, they’d rise to the occasion.
With NAMA’s own funding plans suffering from uncertainty and possibly contagion from the toxicity of general Irish State debt, new investors may become vital to the future of the site. But a positive development nonetheless. There is extensive reporting on the history and current development of the site on here previously (for example here and here and here).
Finding it harder to wake up every day,
Nice job, France.
Which is one reason why the Idaho Writers & Readers Rendezvous Conference, May 3-5, has two well known and successful screenwriters, Dave Trottier and Daniel Manus, doing great workshops on screenwriting. I now believe that every writer should learn about script writing, and not to just write book trailer. We have become a visual and action oriented society and writing scripts teaches how to write with great visuals, action and of course dialog.
Robert Mann, owner of Robert Mann Gallery, NYC and Elizabeth Opalenik, internationally renowned photographer.
Now, to make sure that every creature who had passed the Enduro-challenge would get his/her just reward, a system was created where one animal would be appointed as a representative of the group and this animal would take into account all requests from his fellow creatures, and then work to make sure that they got what they wanted. For example, the current representative was a Narwhal. He was a lanky creature and was unanimously crowned the representative the year before. He opted not to board the wagon, but instead decided to take up one more Enduro-challenge in a different locality. Now though, the time had come to choose another representative.
LANDMARK JUDGMENT
She has such an amazing sense of design, and a taste for theatrics which I find completely inspiring. Whenever there's a movie featuring her beautiful designs, I can't keep myself away from the theater.
Character transformation in a story mirrors the Universal Story of rebirth. Rebirth contributes to the evolution of us all and delights those who harbor a secret belief in miracles. A character reunited with a long lost part of herself speaks to the possibilities in our own lives. Our inner intelligence whispers of the timelessness of birth, growth, death, and rebirth.
Rising from the ashes of a former "Irish bistro"in the far flung 13th and headed by Nicolas Castelet former chef at (yes) Ralph's is an honest new table offering homestyle cooked dishes designed to be shared around the table with friends. Despite most recently working for the sinking gastronomic ship in the Left Bank Yankee boutique prized by French yupsters and tourist bloggers, Castelet cut his teeth with Passard at Arpege, Lesquer at Ledoyen and in Robuchon's establishments, and has been honing his skills professionally since he was 15. Starters such as watercress soup, served in a tureen generous enough for four or five people, was served with fresh cream and roasted pistachios and green asparagus and morel mushrooms with white wine were followed by a superb farm raised organic chicken from the Aubrac region, accompanied by Paris' best aligot. Raspberry sponge cake finished it all off.
i just love the combination of morrocan-inspired patterns with viney florals in this serena & lily bedding collection on the crib. i think it's a perfect balance of whimsy and eclecticism, without being too bold. so pretty!
This set has so many fun images on it. Perfect for parties and birthdays. I used small gardenia curly petals from iamroses for the fluffy frosting. Check out the Cutting Cafe' blog.....I will post a link above this post. tfl....d
“One of the tools that teachers use to get kids jazzed about science–hands-on science kits–could face an uncertain future amid a debate on safety,” the Associated Press reports from Washington:
“That means we’re either going through, over or around Atlanta, right?” Jerry asked.
7. 2/4/2010. Borderline/Feels Like I'm Going to Lose My Mind. I like this post because on one hand it's my reading of Bracha Ettinger's Matrixial Borderspace, but it's really about how flittingly and promiscuously and emotionally I read theory.
Each side next to the door has a rather cheap-o hay rack. However they have been holding up well and they aren’t wasting all that much hay. Especially since most of the time they are out eating brush. Having free choice hay is nice because it lets us know when we need to move them to greener pastures. If the hay is gone, they have eaten everything they like outside.
One of the most endearing features of autonomous home educators in both this country and the USA is the way that many of them seem to be convinced that they are doing something daring and revolutionary by leaving their kids to learn what they wish. They apparently believe that this is a radical idea; that they are on the cutting edge of educational theory! Nothing could be further from the truth. In fact there is something rather quaint about those who choose to adopt this antiquated method of educating their children.
But Taser officials contended that the advisory only meant that law-enforcement agencies could avoid controversy if officers aimed at areas other than the chest.
Then I was asked to help out in a by-election in Northend in Slade Green where I started canvassing. I still had not yet received my membership card.
Hallelujah the Craziness is over giveaway!!
January O’Neil and Jennifer Jean: Friends, Poets, and The Massachusetts Poetry Festival
(Who, me, jealous?)
Cool and enjoy !
1/2 tsp cumin
If you are a lover of fine food, antiques,
It introduces a dance which explores further Perry's fascination with the manipulation of objects on stage, as in his joyous 2008 collaboration with Antony Hamilton, I Like This. The major set element is a wooden wall which can be pulled apart and reassembled like children's blocks. In one sequence, the dancers are hidden behind the wall as they push differently sized blocks in and out like organ stops. This creates a beautiful geometry of shadows, but, as with the manipulation of the light boxes, this is somehow never machine-like: at some subliminal level, we're aware of the minute variations of human movement. Perry is literally animating his set.
There will be great music throughout the evening as well as book readings and stories from the community at large about Vox Pop. Bring a story to share, say hi to your neighbors and friends, and help us move into the future even stronger!!
La Maison Symphonique de Montreal
God, the house is quiet! I miss how my daady and me had howling contests each morning until mean Moomie would tell us to knock it off. I miss sitting at Daady’s feet during breakfast, at the ready to round up stray Cheerios that might roll down my way. I miss giving Daady doggie kisses each night. And I miss the fact that every time my pawrents got ready to go some where Daady would campaign to let me ride along. The house is sooooooooooo quiet without him. Moomie doesn’t even turn the lights on in the living room anymore where Daady and I used watched TV.
Now, lots of questions get raised with this whole revelation and I don’t want to delve too deeply into them now (the continuity stuff makes my head hurt at 3:30 in the morning), but the big one that seems to have gone begging to be asked in A GOOD MAN is this – if the Eye Patch Lady and the clerics stole Melody away to turn her into a weapon to stop the Doctor, why does everyone act like that threat is somehow neutralized? Their goal is to stop the Doctor and when River arrives in this very episode she tells the Doctor he’s got to stop walking the path he’s on or “who knows what you’ll become.” Seems like she’s still their weapon.
I headed to Space 2 and watched a little bit of Bardo Pond, but they just seemed to be pulling some entirely stock’n’standard shoegaze moves and my mind found itself drifting towards the thought of obtaining food.
And I remember this too…the sea of Galilee is not large. On a clear day, you can see people on the other side. Yet, when storms rise up, it’s like a mixing bowl on high. And did not Jesus know this? Yet, He knew the end of the story…so He was asleep.
At 11:55 am the president-elect arrived to the Kremlin through the gates of the Spasskaya Tower and walked through the splendid halls of the Grand Kremlin Palace with Kremlin clocks chiming in the background.
In light of the potential consequences the loss of the bee will have both on the environment and on the UK’s economy, isn’t about time the UK followed the lead of European counterparts and banned (or at the very least issue a moratorium) on the use of pesticides, in particular the strain derived from nicotine (such as neonicotinoid)?
On Monday’s “On the Record with Greta Van Sustren,” former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin reacted to Republican presidential hopeful Rick Santorum referring to the premise of a question posed by New York Times reporter Jeff Zeleny as “bullshit.”
We encourage all participants to bring forms, samples, or slides to use during these informal group discussions. This year we will continue the tradition of poster sessions where participants will have an opportunity to present a poster to educate the rest of the group on a topic of interest. If you plan to present a poster, let us know.
I'm in a bit of snit today. I woke up at 1 am with sinuses all agitated and was up til 4:30 am reading. It was ok, being this is my day off. Woke up again at 8 am, knit and read some blogs for awhile. Duane got up and after that I cleaned the bird cage and vacuumed the living room.
“That gives us some time even if they’re already on the move,” Pappy stroked his beard thoughtfully.
When I walked into the room, Madison jumped up to tell me that it was Minnie Mouse’s birthday. “Am I invited?” I asked. “Or is this just a girls’ party?” “Oh, you can come, Madison said. So I crashed what turned out to be the final minutes of the birthday party.
slow simmer for ten minutes, serve
CONCLUSION: Uhhh…. I don’t really remember what happened in this movie. It of course had entertaining and funny moments, buuut…. Overall, it left me with less of an impression than almost every movie I’ve watched this year.
The performance opens with a monochrome televisual storm, through which we see as well as hear strings, horns, kettledrums, other instruments, and eventually the conductor. Wagner’s opening bars prove furiously driven. Calmer seas greet the very slow, very soft English horn-led response, spots on the camera making clear the ‘framing’ of the filmic experience. The Overture, then, finds its roots in a backward-looking pot pourri conception, as opposed to forward-looking integrated symphonism, though it is perhaps not entirely without attempts to forge such a unity. Brass tend to Solti-like stridency, though the Netherlands Philharmonic woodwind evince winning perkiness and welcome lack of homogeneity. Urgency and stark contrast, then, are the watchwords, suggesting neither performance nor production will prove beholden to ‘tradition’, whatever that might be. When, towards the close of the Overture, we first view the stage, it is unclear whether the curtain has been up all along. A stark – again monochrome – set of steel and glass is immediately revealed, onto which runs a motley multi-coloured crew, one member sporting an unbecoming tropical shirt, equipped with lifejackets and lifebelts, as one registers the (relative) surprise of hearing in such a context Wagner’s 1860 ‘redemptive’ version of the coda. Were one wishing to distinguish oneself from Cosima’s Bayreuth ‘music-drama’ approach, the ‘original’ or at least an earlier version of the score might have provided greater consistency. However, one soon begins to realise that, by default or design, and I cannot believe that there is no design here, the conflict between ‘backward-’ and ‘forward-looking’ Wagner is being dramatised.
Naan is an Indian bread, usually served with dishes like Chicken Tikka Masala or Curries: it is a soft flat bread that is baked in a tandoori oven, although at home it can be done on the grill or under the broiler. A true Naan bread is hand-stretched into an oval, brushed with ghee (clarified butter) and bubbles up when it's cooked.
Second, I send the actual postcard with may name and phone number
It really is that simple. At least the SWP thinks that it is.
The winner is... What in the world can that be?
Still walking strong,
What I suddenly grasped was that life is ordinary. It’s made up of lots of menial tasks, a million ordinary moments, and a few extraordinary ones. There are no special tomorrows. Yes there will be special times, but I think that the point is to see the beauty in the menial tasks and ordinary moments.
When the collards are cooked and most all liquid is cooked out, place into a colander and allow to drain thoroughly pressing with the backside of a large spoon if necessary to squeeze out the liquid. Spoon into the casserole and spoon the sauce on top.
Truly the Windsors are a family of the world and have, to lapse into the vernacular, seen it all.
As a side note, just in case you didn’t know, the insanely adorable baby in the picture is my little granddaughter, Lilia. My heart swells every time I look at her, and I’m so excited that she’s coming to visit this month! Michigan is just tooooo far away from Grandma Cupcake in Brooklyn!
Two months ago we adopted two adorable schnoodle pups that we named Diesel and Dexter. It all happened when I saw a picture of Diesel online late one night (the second pic) on pet finder from a shelter in South Carolina. I melted. I never had anything other than a fish as a pet as a kid. My allergies were so bad as a child, chances were good I'd never know the soft purr of a housecat but there were a lot of hypo-allergic dogs out there and well I always thought I'd be a dog person as an adult anyway. I also always knew I wanted to adopt a pup from a shelter. There were so many dogs in need of good homes, but would I ever find a puppy in need that was also not going to aggravate my allergies?
“They gathered us like we were going on vacation,” Inn said.
It is always through the heart that our prayers are heard, even if we first make the connection in our feet or hands. Do we really feel the suffering of the earth, sense its need? Do we feel this connection with creation, how we are a part of this beautiful and suffering being? Then our prayers are alive, a living stream that flows from our heart. Then every step, every touch, will be a prayer for the earth, a remembrance of what is sacred. We are a part of the earth calling to its creator, crying in its time of need.
We are assured by God’s grace that all who claim Christ’s blood as full payment for sin will be caught up to meet the Lord in the air (1 Thessalonians 4:17). As believers we are doing what Titus2:13says, “Looking for that blessed hope and the glorious appearing of our great God and Saviour Jesus Christ.” That is as sure as God is sure.
Painting water isn’t as daunting as I’ve always thought it would be and lopsided boats are just fine.
so here it is, our provisional line up leading to the lakeland 50 in july..hope to see lots of familiar faces along the way
Code-named Al-Farouq, the primary targets of the offensive would be “foreign invaders, their advisors, their contractors, all those who help them militarily and in intelligence,” the militants said on their website.
Mahek: – Why are you asking all these. You are not oblivious of the reasons. So better stop this discussion and let’s talk something else.
Before I get into talking about this too much, I should make a few things clear. First, I am an agnostic by personal definition, atheist by technicality in that there is no god I worship. I prefer the term agnostic, though, since it is my contention that no one can or does know of the existence of anything beyond this mortal coil. I’m also of the opinion that any religion in existence or that has existed simply hasn’t gotten it right. All of this is really neither here nor there, but I also understand that my beliefs, or more accurately my lack of same, could well color the following paragraphs. It’s only fair to get that out in the open.
As for John, Jr., well, I found it interesting to see how the Austin city directories over the years described him and his business.
But what is so insidious is the way the debate is being closed down. The Boy speaks glibly of "choice", but only in terms of a limited set of "public services", which he wants to be "truly accountable to local people, not to politicians or bureaucrats in Whitehall".
She felt the restlessness–almost an anxiety–in her mother’s body: Her mother would look this way and that, up at the sky, then forward into the neverending rows. She felt her mother’s body tensing, as if at any moment she might sprint into the unknown and become lost. She fleetingly wondered if her mother would even set her down, then run into the eternal gold and blue. This frightened her more than anything, and she blurted out the one thing she knew her mother would not refuse:
I might not have a lot to say in terms of exciting news or stories, yet still, I really do feel like the little things that have been happening lately are worth writing down.
“She okay?”
I will still continue to post once a week. One change I’m really excited to announce this morning is that my pages now have drop down menus! What I did not want is one long blogroll so one page I’m really excited to reintroduce is Link Love. What I have done is I’ve organized links based on specific topics and interests.
One other personal resolution I’ve been working hard to keep is my vegetarian diet. While, personally, I don’t find it horribly difficult to negate the meat out of my diet (admittedly, I still eat seafood…. it’s a slow process), I’m realizing that there’s so much I could experiment with the produce, pasta, breads, cheese, spices, etc that I already have. I plan on hitting up a local Farmer’s Market sometime in the next week and stock up on some goodies (soooo excited!!), plopping myself in the kitchen with a couple of vegetarian cookbooks and see what magic I can create. Or ruin. Regardless, I’ll still eat because I would feel awful for it to go to waste.
The nuclear club is only going to get bigger. This is unstoppable. If the human race does not learn respect at least at the international level then nuclear war and the devastation that it brings is inevitable.
Her colleague glanced up, and shrugged.
When she texts, she circles her thumb around the whole keypad every time she punches one button. She doesn’t go straight to the button that she’s going to use. She just has to do the circle thing.
Please note: I schedule my posts 1-2 months in advance (that is, if you contact me in January, the odds are slim to none that I will have an opening available for you in February). Updated: I am booked for reviews through July. I do have openings available for interviews, guest posts, and giveaways now.
I’ll be somewhere outside,
Tao returned, taller with more knowing in his look.
Top row - extra baskets waiting for clean loads from dryer.
Pastora Soler was born in Seville in 1978. She is a precocious artist who started singing songs from her birth land before the age of eight, and has professionally performed for more that eighteen years now.
Now the second reason is something one would never expect from a class this size. Nine people attended, not counting myself. Statistically, with a group this size, we should have had little overlap, being that there are 12 signs and 12 houses. Yet many characteristics came in groups. We had 3 Pisces, 2 Scorpio, 2 Sagittarius, and 1 Capricorn so we were heavy on the latter half of the Zodiac. And in total, we had 6 water signs! Wow!
Finally, why hunt your children down like a bloodhound? Bloodhounds are useful when you are looking for something that is lost - or for something that is trying very hard not to be found. If you need to hunt down your kids, you're already far behind in the game. There's no need to keep them on a leash, though. Be loving, respectful, curious, and connected, and they always come back by your side when they need to.
It was an exciting time. What if we voted as women, not as Democrats or Republicans? What if the third party became the Women’s Party? What if we systematically stopped opposing authority and simply assumed authority? WE ARE THE MAJORITY! There is nothing stopping us but ourselves. Clearly, the men have done a lousy job of governance. They do not play well together; we do. Let’s draft Hillary Clinton for President and elect her. Let’s have a matriarchal government in America.
The fear of losing touch with YA fiction is still with me- but I'm hoping my career path will never shy away too much from reading teenage books. Whether that becomes a reality or not only time will tell- but for now, I'm a happy bunny chomping my way through lots and lots of (often very good) books- books that are daring, radical and a lot of fun.
One hears very little in this country concerning brewing in the sister isle. It is a conservative industry, and separated from us by a natural barrier the sea — enough of itself to cause lamentable indifference. We know that the staff of operative brewers required by Guinness number 16 or 18, and the writer understands they are all Oxford or Cambridge men with the fun her advantage of a specialized scientific training at Continental universities. One never hears of these men. Their names never figure in trade journals. They are practically outside our ken.
“Hey girl! What you doin? I’m just sittin on the train, bored.”
- It is based on a comic book series (which I own and have read), which has lots of video game references, including K.O.s, 1-Ups and power items, save points, and boss battles.
In May and early June we need to find ways to keep our issue alive for the Legislature even though our semester will be over and many students will be home.
What was she doing?
because … I BELIEVE !!!
I've entered this card into the Sweet Pea Stamps birthday competition and am also entering it into the current challenge ("cut it out") at Passion for Promarkers.
(3) Fine with me, but Muslims, Jews, Buddhists, Shinto & Hindus better not chant their weird, foreign blathering in front of my kid! And atheists should just drop dead, as God wants.
This last stage of a trader’s development in psychology department is fairly simple to understand, maybe not very easy to implement… but give it due recognition and make an attempt, and it will happen with not much effort – as long as you are ready for this transition. This is kind of things that you don’t rush, they come almost by themselves when it’s time.
Octapussy
Her deck was turned slightly toward us. We could see groups of the almost 1,500 people still aboard, clinging in clusters or bunches, like swarming bees; only to fall in masses, pairs or singly, as the great after part of the ship, 250 feet of it, rose into the sky, till it reached a 65- or 70-degree angle.
The Richardson predilection toward inflicting all manner of harm on Hyannis - from unaffordable sewer expansions to dysfunctional housing programs - won't play well in our neighborhoods.
Leaning back, I found how enjoyable watching him zip here and there was. Sometimes, he had a purpose. Sometimes, he was curious. But he was beautiful to me. He's not like other birds who soar or gracefully dive in the air. He always appears busy with constant energy, but he was uniquely beautiful. He didn't need to play tag in the air like a crow, swoop like a hawk, or flutter like a finch. He was exactly the way he was made.
"...um...Yeah." (My garden two summers ago was about 100 by 60 and we took it down based on a realtors opinion that large gardens were not good sellers. I literally cried as we took down all those raised beds and raked all that fertile organic soil throughout the yard.)
8) Looting. Most of the stuff will be taken initially but there will always be french cut green beans and creamed corn, nobody like that stuff… not even the homeless. However, after a time there will be those people that fall victim to the weather, disease, the before mentioned gangs and warlords, and each other. Once dead however they wont need their stuff anymore! So have at it, you could even take a shopping cart along with you to load stuff in like in that movie, The Road.
Such a cutie! My 9 year old looks so OLD! hehehe. (It's an air soft pistol, not a real gun, just so you know :)
Liz asked us to start thinking about getting our final blog posts together, to write down what we’ve learned this semester and what we’re taking away.
Features :-
Make your own good luck – there are opportunities for all – you just need to know how to see them.
"Guess what it is?" he asked.
322 **13. “Matthew F. Hale and the Anastaplo Bar Admission Case Revisited.” St. Louis Post-Dispatch, July 22, 1999, p. B-7 (abridged); Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, August 19, 1999, p. 8; Chicago Daily Law Bulletin, September 29, 1999, p. 5. (Sources: Item C-1999(16), below Part 1 and Conclusion. Incorporated in Item C-1999 (16), below, pp. 538-44.)
I was speaking to a friend recently who loves the Boston Celtics, but refuses to go to the games in person. He said he finds the fans vulgar and woefully ignorant about the game. It is much easier, and less frustrating to watch the games alone than deal with people whose personalities and opinions drive him crazy.
What I liked about Jeff's entry was the way that it made the story of beer seem like a long ribbon, simultaneously spooling into the past but also winding in from the future. It made me feel that each time we prise the cap off a bottle of beer, we make an imprint on history. And then because I got up to tend to our squalling child in the middle of the night and couldn't get back to sleep, my mind ran riot with that idea: the ribbon of time capped into each bottle, a story released with each hiss of carbon dioxide.
Note to WordPress friends and readers: If you enjoyed reading this one, you might also want to read Frankly Scarlet… and Adventures in Chat – Part Two “Much Better Than Just Dancin’ with Myself” These posts are variations of the same thing, only I think they are much better. Especially “Part Two” – just my honest opinion, and as always, thanks so much for reading! :-)
1) Pulmonary embolism: A blood vessel of the lung can become plugged from a blood clot. These are more common in people who have had recent surgery, are pregnant or had a long airplane flight or been in bed for a long time. Pulmonary embolisms (PEs) can be life threatening and need immediate attention
Many people took issue with my warning of this cloud coming, saying NOTHING was in the cloud to worry about. I suppose they are forgetting a chemical factory exploded and its particulate matter was injected into the storm that blew across the pacific.
Some of the students who were shot had been protesting against the American invasion of Cambodia, which President Richard Nixon announced in a television address on April 30. Other students who were shot had been walking nearby or observing the protest from a distance.
-Year in film: 24th Century
Princess Caroline of Monaco
We say sorry when we get people mad at us. We say sorry when people get into trouble because of us. We say sorry to someone who is experiencing an unpleasant event. However it is, the person we say sorry to is definitely not in a good mood. The last thing they need is a long apologetic speech. It's like pouring vinegar onto a wound.
2008 Rutherford Cab – Above average cab, oak, blackberry, dark plum, black cherry, chocolate and tobacco leaf, long finish. Excellent expression of BV.
Two years ago, the choice would have been easy. Although two years ago, it wouldn't have been a choice I'd ever have thought I'd have to make.
Peck’s performance in the film is matched by the equally riveting performance of Omar Sharif, whom Zinnemann had met through David Lean at a screening of Lawrence of Arabia. Zinnemann thought Sharif was a “terrific” actor with “an enormous capability.” Many of the best scenes in Behold A Pale Horse depict Sharif, as Father Francisco, reflecting quietly on individual circumstances, choosing his words carefully and responding to arguments with effective counterarguments. Consider the scene in which Captain Vinolas (Anthony Quinn) captures Artiguez’ ailing mother (Mildred Dunnock), and then asks Francisco—who witnessed her death—to reveal her dying words to the police. Francisco refuses, warning Vinolas, “If you try to force me to tell you something my vows forbid me to tell, then you are also desecrating the church.” Or look at the scenes in which Francisco is accidentally separated from his party of priests during a trip to Pau, as he finds himself wandering helplessly in the menacing streets all around the French underworld. In each of these scenes, Sharif’s panic and desperation are essential in order for the audience to identify with him.
You judge the nods and winks
BIO: The Holy Hail story starts with Cat Hartwell. Originally from the south, she fled to NYC as soon as she could to DJ where eventually, she met Bronx born union rep Kevin Cooke at a 4th of July BBQ. Maybe it was the festivities or just all the beer, but they decided to form an Americana dance project – with a twist. Holy Hail would put lyrical potency back into pop music.
Using a medium format film camera and no digital manipulation, I create an illusion within the lens. I am inspired by Pictoralist photographers and how they create a purely photographic reality in their images. Early 20th century photographer Anne Brigman seamlessly meets the human figure with a surreal landscape. Her figures have the same powerful presence that I strive to create in my photographs. Shooting in black and white, I make a historical reference to this period. I use Infrared film to emphasize the grain and to create a more surreal and distant reality. I challenge the notion of the landscape by referencing what makes a photograph: the women use their mirror to re-frame what I have framed and capture in their mirror like a camera captures in the lens.
Grecian wind flowers wake up with the sunshine. Yellow daffodil sigh in the morning breeze. The roses are ready to bud. When I open the door and step outside in the morning I am greeted by a potpourri of fragrances floating above the early morning dew.
HP is a partnering with Calxeda for the server chips, which are based on smartphone computing processing technology. The ARM-based processor, called EnergyCore server-on-a-chip, consumes as little as 1.5 watts per chip. This compares to Intel-based x86 server architectures, which are found in 90 percent of current data center servers, and use about 20 watts per chip.
Kleenex, anyone?
We have FOUR generous sponsors for this challenge: Whimsy Stamps is offering their random winner 5 digis of their choice; Digi Doodle Shop's prize is a $10 gift voucher; Crop Stop's prize is a $15 gift certificate; and Cuddly Buddly's prize is a 5 pound gift certificate! Lots of chances to win a great random prize! And, as always, we will be picking a Top Three who will win a blog badge and a chance to be a guest dt member in a future challenge.
What my husband had uncovered was a very old outdoor fireplace.
As a veteran watcher of Sue Simmons -actually I have a doctorate in Sue Simmons studies earned as the media critic at Newsday for 35 years -- I was once compiling a doctoral thesis on "The Wit and Wisdom of Sue Simmons."
Here are three specific prayers you can pray:
Ending: Jason needs a Vorhees female to be reborn, trying to get into the body of his grandniece (he ends up worm-forming it into his dead sister, comes out full powered and begins to humor Stephen (John D. LeMay) by having a fist fight. Jason's niece is given a magic dagger by the bounty hunter that she needs to kill her uncle because only a Voorhees can do the job. It's much better than it sounds, really. Jessica stabs Uncle Jason in the heart, heaven opens up its light and demons rise up to drag Jason into HELL! Credits joke ending has Freddy's gloved hand burst from the ground to pull Jason's hockey mask, left topside after his dragging to Hell, under the earth. OOOhhhh. Because of that ending fans began to discuss the coolness of, the possibility of, the very real 'could be' of a Freddy versus Jason movie. So logically that should be the next movie, right? It's the only logical choice, right? So the next film in the series was...
Ready to move in: Police vans lined up ahead of Operation Bullfinch, which investigated the alleged sexual exploitation of girls
Critically acclaimed Devil Music Ensemble will bring this classic silent film to new life with a live performance of their all-new score.
In Manchester, this blindness to the importance of institutional representation can be seen in the membership of the Local Economic Partnership. LEPs are new, important bodies, which will guide economic development, housing, employment and other key infrastructure decisions in the city-region. They consist of local authority spokespeople and businesspeople, but excludes representatives from the voluntary or community sector. The Fabian Society recently sounded an alarm, noting that LEPs seemed to have negligible numbers of ethnic minorities on board (Sloane, 2011). Manchester’s LEP is no exception: it would seem none of the current members are from an ethnic minority background. What is more, the LEP’s focus on an agenda dominated by fiscal cutbacks has allowed it to drop a commitment to equality from its agenda altogether. In a climate where only 10 of Manchester City Council’s 96 councilors are from a visible ethnic minority (Manchester City Council Website), we should worry about the impact of this lack of institutional presence at every level of decision making.
doll with sad eyes, very quietly. I quickly reached for my wallet and said to the boy. 'Suppose we
NOW….if you want to have your Bourbon and eat it too, try this version
So there is some catching up to do.
You need a US debit card or credit card to make a purchase on Zulily, a US Paypal account or a Gift Card. You can also use Zulily store credits.
29. Palatka - Apartment
a. Street Block View 25
A couple years back Streisand made the rounds of TV shows to promote an album she had just finished. One of the stops she made was on Bravo TV’s Inside the Actors Studio. Because it was Streisand, she got like two hours of airtime to discuss her career with professional sycophant, James Lipton. During the Q&A, Streisand touched upon some of the qualities that made her interesting. But it was during the final portion of the show, when an audience member asked Streisand to explain her legion of gay male fans. And it was at that moment that the “fantastic” Streisand came up, when she described herself as an outsider, someone who never got to play the great roles (she wanted to play Juliet, Hedda Gabler, Nora). She recalled being told to fix her nose and her teeth and talked about not being Sandra Dee and Audrey Hepburn.
Though we can't speak with certainty about recidivism, something TDCJ has tracked systematically are employment outcomes for Windham graduates, and there the program can point to legitimately positive results. From the LBB report (p. 22)
With lots of love
They were salty with fear.
The cliché horror also known as the American dream is no doubt one of Mad Men’s most pertinent themes. However, even still it is just the beginning. Human nature is examined and criticized heavily. The show itself is manipulative, while simultaneously conveying these manipulative characters. As a viewer of the show, you cannot help but root for these characters. For the most part they are indeed horrible people, but deep down we know that they are no better than we are. The people of the show only look out for themselves. It is easy to scoff at this, to say it is horrible and self righteous. But, in retrospect, is that not the way we all live? Can we honestly say that we disregard our own advancement when making decisions? Mad Men points out these human flaws which are quite obvious but never admitted, and we slowly begin to accept them. Self advancement, consumerism, and manipulation all prove to be even more overriding themes of the series. And they are arguably even more applicable to life today.
Two buttons: One is my cool friend Amy who inspired me to get started and is my ever patient, always available, sounding board, good idea girl and blogging friend!
There is something spiritual about standing on a beach and allowing the sand to wash from under your feet. As you stand there you realize that you could quickly become washed away in the experience. Actually more like buried up to your neck if you stand there long enough. Stagnancy is like that. Before you know it you are buried up to your neck because you haven’t been moving.
So keep going, you.
What was your second best memory?
4. "Your Gold Teeth" – 7:02
In a separate large bowl, whisk together flour, salt, baking powder and cocoa. Add 1/2 of the flour mixture to the wet ingredients. Stir in milk. Add the second 1/2 of the flour mixture. Mix well. Chill dough for 30 minutes.
Windows Vista Windows 7 features a four
All this comes with a big dose of feeling like you’re getting somewhere. Productivity can be amazingly energizing, especially after the last two exhausting weeks of Mars dawdling in the sky. which left so many of us feeling like scorched earth. The planet of action is on the move again, at last, not merely out of retrograde but actually moving from one to degree to another, which will cause momentum to build and build and build.
Then I spread it on top of the compost. Some of my beds have already been planted so the job will take a little longer as I will have to position the straw around the plants. Below is a covering of hay which was sitting out all last summer and winter so that hopefully I will not have a problem with weed seeds.
Is anyone else out there getting ready for some holiday traveling? We are heading out on the long (LONG) drive from GA to PA soon. I knew I would need something to help the little man from going crazy on the ride, so I came up with a little Easter-themed plan.
Trim Size: 8-1/2 x 10
Mostly I just don’t see the point. Our current state law(to my knowledge) prohibits abortions after viability, except in case of danger to the mother’s life. I don’t have a problem with that, as I’ve written about before.
Each medium has integrity. Creating within each is like learning to speak its language. Print has parameters, online has templates. Trying to mimic print online is to miss the features and advantages of interaction. It is to ignore the qualities of viewing onscreen. Similarly, to try to mimic any other medium in virtual reality is missing the point. To create within this platform needs the same command of the language as any other. Understanding the characteristics of each platform and integrating them together is a part of the creative process.
The short story is like this. A Riot employee raged at a guy in game, and then banned the guy he raged at when it is very obvious that this Riot employee is the one who deserves to be banned.
At any rate, if you wrote out a list of famous songs by Jerry Lieber with his pal Mike Stoller, it would, without exageration, be about as long as your arm. Lieber was the lyricist, and one could argue, the more significant and distinctive contributor to the team. Because one notable aspect about their work is the enormous range, both in terms of emotional content and of subject matter, in their songs. On the one hand, the lyrics to “Spanish Harlem” were so beautiful that Lenny Bruce once quoted them in his act as proof that rock ‘n’ roll wasn’t so bad. On the other hand, they wrote dozens of humorous songs, songs so gimmicky that they were of the type that ordinarily define “one hit wonders”, yet they had dozens of hits with them, usually(but not always) with their principle mouthpieces The Coasters: “Little Egypt”, “Along Came Jones” (about the star of B movie westerns), “Poison Ivy”, “Love Potion #9″, “Yakety Yak”, “Searchin’” (with its references to Charlie Chan and Bulldog Drummond), “Charlie Brown”, “Three Cool Cats”, “Alligator Wine” (as sung by Screamin Jay Hawkins) etc etc.
MTN prevailed upon the South African government to abstain from three votes on Iran’s nuclear energy program at the United Nations’ International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna in 2005 and 2006, according to the complaint. The Iranian communications ministry allegedly told MTN it was withholding its license until it saw how South Africa voted at an upcoming IAEA meeting.
Music by Harry M. Woods
With the intelligence, wisdom, and freedom of choice given to us as humans, we exercise the discipline to plant in spite of the rocks, weeds, or other obstacles before us. The rocks, weeds, and thorns of the world cannot destroy all your seeds if you plant massively enough and intelligently enough. My suggestion is to choose action, not rest. Choose truth, not fantasy. Choose a smile, not a frown. Choose love, not animosity. Choose the good in life in all things, and choose the opportunity as well as the chance to work when springtime smiles on your life.
I have a little band of readers, mostly patients of mine, who read my books as I’m writing them and they give me great feedback. My daughter sometimes reads bits but she’s decided that she prefers waiting until it’s a real book. She's 22 years old, my son, is 20 and stepsons range from 20-25, so as much as they really support what I’m doing none of them, so far have sat down to actually read!
shooting fertile gold arrows
For dinner, Jarrod helped me prepare a garlic-lime grilled chicken recipe that I had found off of The Pioneer Woman's blog. I had never made it before, but I had heard good things about her recipes, so I thought why not! And it turned out wonderful! We paired the chicken with corn relish, baked beans and crescent rolls. It was certainly yummy. And may I just say that it is so nice to have a husband that enjoys cooking. Not only is it a huge help, but I love just spending that time with him.
But we were so glad you were still with us.
- If you’re a fan of cheesy action movies, this one will definitely entertain through all of its proud cliches and one-liners.
The range of potential yogic experiences is vast and many sided. It is important to have a sense of what this is, so that we learn how to handle our experiences properly. In addition, it is not enough to seek experiences. We must prepare ourselves to have them, so that when they do arise, we are reader to hold their energy. Developing a higher consciousness is not a mere casual matter, hobby or another outer pursuit. It requires discipline, dedication and an inner orientation of the life. In the following article, we will examine the nature of spiritual experiences and examine how we can best relate with them.
Chapter 57
I started The Dark Divine with more than a little apprehension. Everything I had read about the book said it was amazing, and it couldn't live up to the hype...could it? YES. It was fabulous.
I immediately thought wide angle, low viewpoint and day for night lighting technique.
The Temperanillo barrel aged Flanders Red has been in the barrel for almost exactly a year now, and it's tasting great. The acidity is moderate, with a little acetic character. But the complexity from the Brettanomyces, and the wood and wine character from the barrel is amazing. It sucks to say, this barrel aged beer is putting any of my previous carboy-soured homebrews to shame. That in itself s a big lesson in how important a barrel is to brewing quality sour beers. I'm not saying "Don't brew sours if you don't have a barrel," (some people have had a lot better results with the carboy sours than I have) but I believe it makes a real difference. In some ways this beer feels like it brewed itself, and that we had very little to do with its success.
“Forget all of that painful memory. I promise to give you a beautiful one. I’ll love you forever.”
I hope all of you had a wonderful weekend. I had the most amazing weekend, full of outdoor activities and inspiration! This weekend my family and I attended The Scottsdale Arts Festival. There were SO many amazing artists! It was so refreshing to see so much talent with unique and original ideas. We were even fortunate enough to take home a wonderful print on canvas from an incredibly talented french photographer!
Some of the benefits of drinking organic tea beverages include anti-aging, helping prevent cancer and diabetes, reducing cholesterol, boosting immunity, and weight loss. While green tea alone will not perform these phenomenon entirely on it own, but including it along with healthy eating and exercise can contribute to a healthy life. Tea beverages are, overall, a good addition to any lifestyle.
Knowing God and loving Him are not mutually exclusive any more than you can love your spouse without knowing everything about them. Having a relationship with God requires an accurate understanding of who He is.
hold my breath
My wife is going to the District Attorney's office to see whether
Response: If you are looking for a reason to hit your child (call it spanking if you want, it's still hitting), then you can probably find something in the Bible that you can interpret as permission to do so. I doubt I will change your mind.
Overall I got on very well with the sales reps and came to regard some of them as friends. They were generally bright, funny people with a healthy cynicism about the publishing industry and, most important of all, a good sense of humour. When I left high-street bookselling, one of the things I really missed was having a good gossip with a rep.
Khan explains the hell heand his men have faced. A nearby planet exploded yearsago, rendering his world nearly uninhabitable. An alien parasite killed hiswife sometime ago, as well. He blames all his calamities on Kirk, who has consumed all his thoughts.
Here’s a few pics!
That all being said, I love the concept and am pretty much jealous I didn’t come up with it…Would have loved to be at the runway show and see it in its glory.
Disc 8B (October 11th 1995) Budokan Hall, Tokyo, Japan
doing the laundry and make it sound transcendental. "Well,
There was also a packet of BBQ popchips (gone!), a Vitamin Water bottle, a Butterfinger which is something I've never tried, a plastic cup from Deno's Wonder Wheel in Coney Island, and a John Mayer cd. Isn't he pretty?
The weirdest thing about the night--and it's what I love most about seeing ska shows outside of the jaded NYC scene--was that the crowd (mostly "kids" in their 20s ska, plus the ska faithful-forty somethings) that danced with such fervor when Bigger Thomas played, stayed on the dancefloor in-between sets and grooved equally hard to the Lady Gaga and Katy Perry tracks that the DJ played repeatedly (note to band: I'd love to spin some ska and reggae vinyl the next time you do your thing there!).
Everything is just so darn pretty! Take a closer look.
8. C. Vela (Real Sociedad): Age: 23 Gls: 12 – WGR: 1.25
The only thing I remember thinking next was “dang, if I’d known I was getting a proposal I probably would have worn a cuter dress and washed my hair”. Typical. Just goes to show that sometimes it doesn’t matter.”
# 1: Julie Kagawa – The Iron King
It’s the bad day that’s brought on by a whirling mess of thoughts and worries. A hundred things that are going on in life that I don’t have control over, or that I don’t know how to fix or change, all put together in a huge, dark, broiling storm of self-destruction. It spends hours working up in my mind, the clouds of doubt rolling in, the winds of worry picking up, the quiet roll of thunder in the recess of my mind, building, until finally it all comes together and storms like there is no tomorrow. An hour, maybe two, where there is no end in sight, and I wonder how I will ever get out of this mess built around me.
01. I Saw It Cummin' (Album Version)
the road disappears
A big misunderstanding I’ve found is when to move your child up to the next stage of car seat. Moving your child from rear-facing to forward-facing, and then from a 5-point harness to a booster seat are not milestones that should be defined by the child’s age. Every time your child moves up, they are potentially less safe. Here in VA, the law states that a child must ride rear-facing until 1 year and 20 lbs. That’s the bare minimum! Most convertible car seats allow your child to rear-face to 35lbs. I’ve even found some that allow children to stay rear-facing until 45lbs.
15/08 18:15 M 1500 Metres Heats
So I've promised myself to write a little everyday. Even things such as "I wish we had been a normal family with normal grandparents and done normal activities". I've promised myself that this year, come Christmas I'm going to be able to enjoy it with my family yet allow myself to grief for my lost childhood. And it's going to be Ok to cry.It's about time I begin to allow myself to grief for everything that was stolen from me when I was a little girl. And I keep telling myself that it's Ok to do that, that it isn't selfish. I would have cried for any other little girl so it should be Ok to cry for me.
Husband says no, makes grunts of extreme disgust. Loops has quite the little freak-out over grocery store etiquette and uncivilized shoppers, which is kind of . . . well, totally satisfying.
Approval for funding for this community project eventually came 11 months later, in March this year — and the community has still not received a cent.
Me: You need to get rid of that shirt.
Me: Ha! You are so funny! (but a little right on all accounts)
I could kiss you
1. Do something! (Read Dailysnacks!)
Yeah, promises without pics suck, but just letting you guys know everything’s still a mess down here. Also, the blogosphere keeps fixed on the god awful little plastic ships from the upcoming game from Nottingham. They look like Kinder toys to be honest.
Jacques Seneca, Executive Vice President at Gemalto, said: “Gemalto is honored and delighted to be working with the DVLA in this prestigious landmark UK project. Our size and global efficiency enables such large projects to benefit from significant savings at critical times for governments, and our recognized expertise in developing secure documents and long experience in working with governmental bodies around the world ensures a strong track record for the success of the project”.
On Saturday, we decided to visit Mote Aquarium. I hadn't been in years, not since I was teaching and we took a field trip there. I forgot how small the aquarium was, but Abby enjoyed seeing the penguins. We saw manatees, sea turtles, sharks, and other fish but Abby was disappointed that the dolphins were unavailable that day. Such a let down for a little girl who loves her dolphins.
“Look at the Philippines in the 1950s and 1960s, it was very much ahead of us. Myanmar was not doing too badly.
Here are some pics of what our final lapbooks for persuasive texts looked like:
Your voice was shaken
The rats went upstairs, and smelled an incredibly foul death-smell emanating from the Prince's suite to the right of the stairs. The long hallway to the left of the stairwell was empty, all the doors on both sides closed. Viv sent a third rat into the manor, having it scale the group's recently acquired rope of climbing to a window on the second floor. After confirming the coast was clear, the PCs followed the rat up the rope to a room on the north side of the west wing hallway. Viv went downstairs and opened the manor's front door, granting access to the NPCs and Arkus' soldiers. Then he went back updstairs and the PCs smashed down the (barred) door to the Prince's chambers.
And drive real fast through the puddles when you pass them.
I think ultimately, it's that fear of loss that makes even the strongest people cling to the ones they are about to lose, even though, in the back of their minds, they know that it is ultimately for the best.
According to TMZ, Kasey was allegedly drunk and disorderly at Fresno’s Club Habanos. Details are still forthcoming on what exactly Kasey did wrong, but he was booked at a nearby police station and released a few hours later. He has to watch that Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde personality!
im sure there was some of Italo Calvino’s “Cosmicomics” floating around in there as well.
From their blurb:
However, when it became clear that venture and angel money was drying up, I quickly realized that the priority needed to be on building our product, not on being a CEO.
“Yes, they’ve been there for centuries, maybe millennia, the truth of their existence dismissed by mainstream science. A world parallel to our own…”
The attacks bear the trademark of the European far right, although there really is no "far right" in Israel. Hatred on foreigners is at the political center. No terrorist organization took responsibility for the attack. And don't expect anybody in Israel to treat this as a terrorist attack. "Terrorist" are people who use violence against people whose lives count.
6. Black Panther (Christiansen, Oberg) 3:08
Stamps: Magnolia Tilda with Teddybear from Sweet Princes & Princess collection, Text stamp Nicole Verkooijen
Guess what? The statues are still in the basement and the roof has been repaired with money from another source. My question was, “Why couldn’t they take that antique dealer’s offer.” Rickie replied, “Some kind of red tape and who was the real owner of the statues. I suppose the statues were property of the church and that was that. $14,000 dollars from a special collection wouldn’t break the bank, even if the church were losing its customers because they were getting older and older as time passes on.
I’m a week late but I’ve watched the Second week episode RAW already. I’m in this for a long haul since this series is shaping up nicely. I’m loving the heart show is giving me. And I just don’t mean the OTP. King 2 Hearts is making me crave for Wednesday and Thursday once again.
“The progress of the enormous debts which at present oppress, and will in the long-run probably ruin all the great nations of Europe, has been pretty uniform,”
We'll plan a world, yes plan it well, where men in peace can always dwell.
A: I write Jane Austen adaptations/sequels, as well as Regency Romance. As far as the Jane Austen books, my career began with my Advanced Placement English Language and Composition class. I was explaining to the class the nuances of dating in Regency England. In the midst of my explanation, I spoke of the many Austen-inspired novels I had read, giving my personal critique of whether the author achieved what I believed to be a viable continuation of Austen’s tales. When I remarked about tossing a particular title across the room in disgust, one of my students said, “If you know how to do this, why not do it yourself?” At first, I laughed with the possibility, but the more I thought of it, the more it made sense. I wrote Darcy’s Passions, a retelling of Pride and Prejudice from Mr. Darcy’s point of view. I never thought it the first step of a new career. Permitting the students to edit (Cringe!!!) and to do the cover art, I self published the book. It was a way of saying, “I met your challenge, now you must meet mine” to my students. The Amazon sales were strong, and Ulysses Press contacted me. I have published works with them since 2007.
But the award for Best Ice Cream in Paris goes to Berthillon. We made a trip to the Île Saint-Louis in the middle of the Seine, where the first Parisians are said to have inhabited. The streets are small here, the sidewalks narrow and an even tinier shop on Rue St. Louis sells ice cream (Berthillon is also sold in cafes everywhere in Paris--how convenient!). Berthillon opened its first store in 1954 and prides itself for not adding preservatives, artificial sweeteners or stabilizers to its ice creams.
A major stumbling block is that we need to sell Emily's cabin bed so we can put up a double bed.The double bed is the most important thing for her! The sale of her bed was in the plan to partly fund the purchase of her new one.
Access to the Recreation Ground was by way of a lane beside Kenyon’s confectionery shop. The son of the owner was at an early age into theatricals and one Saturday morning charged a few of us an old penny each to go into a store room where he put on some sort of a show! I think he bullied us into watching his performance! For him this was the beginning of theatre life. Further up this lane were some maltings for preparing wheat for beer making. It always smelt cool in there. After this was the slaughter house. We would stand consuming ice creams and watch the slaughter men wrestle with squealing pigs until silenced by a stun gun. Then their throats were cut to drain the blood – a most unpleasant smell.
Also People with a good attitude and a sense of humour are treasures, and if that goes side by side with a tolerant nature and openess and compassion to all things, then I admire them hugely and, yes, knowing that there are people just like that in our world today makes me fill up with happiness!
- hacking off a prisoner’s hands and legs
I glare at him.
A token of my love for her collection, her collection
Randy Kay, a Hamilton peace, cycling and transportation activist who earned a Vision 2020 Sustainable Community Recognition Award two years ago, said the coalition sees Wescam as part of the "military-industrial complex right here in beautiful Burlington."
Right then, four stylish Parisiennes, probably in their sixties, joined me on the sidewalk in the cold and damp. They wore the quintessential bags, belts, scarves, and shoes that put a finished touch of Yves Saint Laurent, Hermès, and Roger Vivier to their classic outfits. It was not long before a foursome of gentlemen, of the same age and dressed in kind, appeared to accompany the women to the show.
A cult powder that is a staple of any MUA kit, This powder foundation has a medium buildable coverage.
Score: Carrie-Ann=7, Len=7, Bruno=7 for a total of 21 and a grand total of 66
Aug. 5, 2010
SUPERCHUNK-Here's where the Strings come in LP
I mean seriously, I bet there are hundreds of you who could do a better Jonathan Budd, Ann Sieg or David Wood better than they can.
Powder foundations are great if you require a light but buildable coverage with a matte finish.
Guild Projects / Challenges:
spending accordingly.
‘Kindly to friends, as Tonks and I both knew,
Ain't about what's waiting on the other side
Seals and Crofts
2. Place the styrofoam in the container, then insert the lollipop sticks into the foam, leaving a few inches in between the sticks to make room for the cones. (You can insert the sticks in neat rows or in a random configuration – whichever you prefer!)
For the deeds you do for others while in this mortal Lodge will determine your admittance to the Heavenly Lodge of God’s.
My aunt has said that it’s fitting that John became a lawyer, since had things in her life worked out differently, my grandma Dianna would have made a great lawyer. He apparently gets his stubborn qualities from her, as well as his ability to argue over anything. It makes me wonder what qualities I got from her.
Daryl Shuttleworth ... Fire Marshall
So why are France and Germany not demanding that Greece cuts its defence spending?
I Want A Dog For Christmas, Charlie Brown ... ABC ... 8 PM
then yeh, I explored the new Ikea at Red Hook on it's opening weekend.
I didn’t realise it at first, but apparently I studied in one of the most left-wing economics departments that can be found in Canadian universities (and just being in Canada also means that I’m an honorary socialist from the perspective of most US institutions). This was a good thing for me, but it certainly complicates things when I run into the greater majority of people who also studied economics and yet appear to operate in an entirely different universe from me. Now, when my co-worker remarks that we need to keep taxes low on the rich or they’ll stop creating jobs, I mentally facepalm, and depending on the circumstances I might start discussing the relationship (or lack thereof) between personal earnings of executives, corporate earnings, workers’ wages, and employment rates. (Meet me down in the footnotes!**) Either way, I know that my co-worker has almost no ability to influence our government’s fiscal and financial policy, and zero ability to influence that of any other government. So does it do me or anyone else any good to hound them about how wrong their economic ideas are? This is serious stuff; policies based on these ideologies can and do transform whole countries and the prosperity of millions of people. But most days it really just does not matter what my co-worker thinks about economics, and in the meantime we have several dozen experts to interview for a research project on rural climate change adaptation.
Kamp acknowledges that fairness would require a phase-in of the new rules, to give the vendors a chance to clean up their acts. The industry can also be expected to scream loudly about any attempt to move in this direction. But the current state of affairs is really not very satisfactory, and some change is clearly in order.
I lost my interest in blogging for a while. Think I hit the depression this winter and haven't been working in xray either! Been being a mommy and wife and not too much else. I think I gave up when I couldn't find a job within the first few months. I am ready to start looking again though there seems to be nothing out there. I may have forgotten how to xray too. I may go and observe one of my friends to get the feel of it again and of course I will study my books to remind myself of everything.
Here’s what you can do to help:
Bump it Up: Another extension to this activity would be for students to use the Contacts app (an standard app on the device) to build a math vocabulary database with images of the vocabulary (captured from the device or from the internet), a website that may give more information, & the definitions written in the notes field. (see Signs of Math Bump activity).
For me another part is firing up the plant room for all the tender and tropical plants I am overwintering; right now it looks like a mini-jungle in there, except that jungles usually don’t have artwork and bookshelves. It also includes planting the final perennials and—of course—621 bulbs, many of which are being forced for January-March enjoyment. Though I must say I think I enjoy potting them up and storing them in the root cellar even more than when they bloom.
of Penny Rimbaud at Stonehenge;
Dreams go with you always
In Victoria's words..
One Sunday, when Oliver fell asleep for his afternoon nap, I asked Michael if he was planning to take a nap with the rest of us.
My grandparents' 65th wedding anniversary was a few days ago, and we' are going up to Joplin for a little family shindig, so I knew I needed a card! I pulled out Love Story and the Lovely Marquee Die, and I chose the little background from Grateful Elegance to stamp on the blue. Everything was stamped in Versamark and heat embossed.
1 stick cold butter, cut into chunks
"Looking for the climax! Where's the climax?"
If you didn’t gather from my last post, I have quite a lot of time to kill this summer. Honestly, I can deal with that, though waiting may suck, we all know that saying for those who wait. What I can’t stand though, is waiting on something that is time sensitive. In my case? My acceptance letter, housing information, and payment information (for both tuition and housing). These documents, or at least, most of them are time sensitive because I have deadlines to reach for them, i.e. housing contracts and such have to be sent back in by a certain time, as does payment for tuition and housing. This is complete crap since they are the ones taking a while to send this stuff (yes, it’s coming from the UK, I know, but still – sorry I’m ridiculous, I guess) and it just bothers me that I cannot be on top of my deadlines as I normally am.
A: ABC guidelines allow for publishers to take advantage of digital functionality and present the editorial content using that functionality. For instance, if a photo caption provides statistics in the print edition and the same statistics are presented by clicking on the photo in the digital edition, the digital edition is a replica.
For those of you new to Emi’s world, I truly hope you enjoy her journey to happiness. I promise you, it’s all worth it.
Sunday 5th -
actually
Although I haven't published a historical novel, I've dragged a few historical characters into the twenty-first century to feature in my forthcoming vampire series (stifle that yawn, please; these are a very different kind of vampire).
Phreak: Great. I knew I should’ve asked for Teemo buffs when I had the chance.
Are you basing your opinion of unschooled people on a handful of families you have met, or maybe haven't even met but have only heard about? That is like forming an opinion of an entire country or race of people based on the same limited knowledge of them. I was guilty of it too.
Blind Willie McTell
Having a child who is curious about drugs, alcohol and sex is easy. You have an open dialog starting early in childhood. You build trust between parent and child. You monitor their friends and school. Easy stuff.
I love this kid so much. Jack was such a challenge from the age of 1 until he turned 5. Then something happened and all of a sudden he was much more agreeable. Still strong willed and knows what he wants, but willing to express it or deal with it in a more reasonable way.
It has finally happened. The great bedroom decorating project has come to a close as I put the finishing touches to it this week. Given that my penchant for decorating is never ending, I'm trying to finish each room before tackling the next. So my plans for the kitchen spurred me on to complete the bedroom.
I actually read this one earlier in the year, but forgot to write a review until now. I borrowed this book from my brother after he, my mom and one sister read it and recommended it. Fannie Flagg was an author I had heard about and was on my list of to-read authors.
Have a fabby week everyone - enjoy the time with the kids if you're on half term! Happy Stampin'!
Hopefully I'll be more confortable with it very soon......
The Marketa Irglova led Fantasy Man is somehow a little less than expected from her. You’ve listened to her voice sing sweet melodies in Once and thought you might be moved to tears with her first listing on the album. But I can only call it slightly less than a lovely lullaby. I’m not sure how else to explain it. It’s just “not there.” But listen to her other solo track I have Loved You Wrong and out comes the voice of a tragic failed love and the admission of it. The lyrics are strong, but they’re not all there is to the track. There’s that haunting bass in the back playing the same notes over and over again, the chimes that seem to come on just at the right time, the piano that almost never plays itself fully. And Marketa’s voice! I want to shut up and listen.
Won’t this alienate moderate Muslims?
-Pour the hot water in it and mix with a wooden spoon.Wait for 5 minutes after pouring the water.Knead it into a dough not very sticky.
The first point that this ecological debt analysis brings home is this:
MM embellishments
While I appreciate that it certainly won’t be everyone’s cup of tea, I found it to be weird but equally wonderful.
Dinner tonight : Venetian-style calf's liver and onions, with a side dish of baked radicchio. It has to said the 69c “Clever Vino Bianco” is, well, sort of just about white wine flavoured. It probably doesn't need to be tried again. The Vino Rosso seemed rather better but, given I was drinking this to celebrate the Welsh Grand Slam, I don't think I was in a position to give an objective opinion. A premier cru Bordeaux or a shot of battery acid would have tasted just as good!
The Abomination of Desolation is a prediction from a group of religions who have shown through many centuries to be incapable of transparency, integrity and honesty. This event, according to their predictions, will occur exactly halfway through “The Tribulation” , 3 1/2 years after this entity takes power in Jerusalem. Here is where my concern for veracity must be seen and acknowledged. According to several sources, there are roughly 38,000 different varieties – or denominations – among so-called Christianity. And even within a belief system that claims to hold Christ as the central component, there are between 100 and 200 different paths to salvation. Why? The answer lies in both human ego and scriptural interpretation. If their God was truly the one and only, one would think He/She/It would have made it very plain in their words, through their alleged messengers, exactly what each adherent must do and believe to be a part of the family. As I mentioned, this disparity in core beliefs, or just in doctrine as a minimum, adds a cloud of skepticism to their prophecies and their belief system itself, needless to say.
I haven't read a good book in too long.
“I know enough about electronics to show them how to attach a battery to a series of motors. You don’t need a degree in physics.”
Casey flinched. “What do you mean, No?”
for the uneven haircut, the months I never
In a message dated 4/15/02 8:12:55 AM, rumpleteasermom@..... writes:
Now I have to face the world alone again;
Best part about this particular side: "Produced by Jack Daniels." You think? Coincidence? We may never know. Either way it's a righteous jam.
Nothing makes my heart pitter patter as much as that first glimpse of a red tinged peony shoot peeking up through the garden soil, or a bright green hydrangea leaf bud on an otherwise dead looking branch.
1600 meters in 8:45 = 8:48/mile = 6.8 mph
Cost: $30 per person
the voynich manuscript appears to be a 240 page handwritten herbal, dating to the 15th century. the dating of the paper and ink are pretty sure-fire. nothing else is.
Determined to uncover the phantom DJ's true identity, Nora keeps a record of all clues she picks up while listening to Hard Harry's show. The clues "likes to read alone" and "Black Jack gum" cause Nora to zero in on Mark, as those are a couple things that Hard Harry has stated that he likes to do while at school. Of course, Mark and Hard Harry, who are technically the same person, behave totally different while immersed in their own environment, so making the connection between the two people won't be easy.
Of course there were a lot of other things that happened last year: trips taken; movies watched; books read, acquired, edited, and published; food eaten; Karaoke sung; and more! But work did tend to dominate my life, even more than usual. Let's see if I can adjust that balance a bit this year.
As we have seen the Foods Sovereignty movement of La Via Campesina has recently spread across the States. The emergence of this “peasant movement” in the “First World” is do to the Global economic depression and the crack down on small local farmers in the name of Food Security.
"The first?"
Now, here are some of my favorite dinengdengs that I cooked and consumed with gusto over the years:
What you will find is the obligation to defend, not the ‘flag,’ ‘borders’ or ‘government’, but the United States Constitution, and defend it against foreign and domestic enemies.
I mentioned the newspaper's finest moment – recruitment the then 82-year-old Sam Towers as its star columnist. This occurred after I approached him beside the henhouse with a tape recorder and said: ‘Hi Sam, I’d like you join the Bell as columnist please. Tell me about your garden!’
Publisher: Free Spirit Publishing (September 26, 2011)
And then there was the garbage itself. Mountains of it. We filled four 30-gallon trash bags in four long blocks (three, really, since we did only one side of Eastern and Sterling), which must have totaled nearly 100 pounds of trash. The sheer volume demanded a reflection on consumption, packaging, and waste. Individual items caught our eyes, too, turning the walk into an exercise in detective work or recent archaeology: along with the endless 25-cent bags of chips and rotting coupon circulars, we found receipts and holiday lists, thousands of wayward packing peanuts, a bag containing diapers, condoms, and pregnancy tests (my rendition of "The Circle of Life" was quickly hushed), and even some lost bits of clothing, some of which was certainly not outerwear. There was humor to be found in it, but also some idea of the lives that go on around us.
Earlier, when Seth had pulled up in front of her rented house, he’d asked to see her cell phone. She’d handed it over, resigned by then to his strange behavior, and he’d programmed a number into it. “My office number,” he’d said. “Call me any time.” She’d presumed he was still playing games with her, but maybe he’d expected her to find other strangenesses. This might not be another dead body, but it was strange.
I watched a lot of DS9 (Deep Space 9) one summer when I didn’t do anything. I never got the arcs, but since I have Netflix, I plan to watch all of DS9 during the summer. One of my favorite things about Dr. Bashir was that he wasn’t afraid to use the holodeck for what normal people would use it for: hot sex with celebrities who are way out of your league. (I’M LOOKIN’ AT YOU, BRAD PITT)
Their strategic plan?
And swear and swear
Ink: Versamark, black embossing powder, Crumb Cake, Blushing Bride.
The Water Boatman...Tuesday 2pm (and +1) Discovery Shed.
Hey, sorry about the delay. Something came up that was important. As such, I had planned two freeware games for review on Thursday and Friday but I will send you the Friday one today. We will be looking at Pretentious Game on Newgrounds:
The student in question was found with only a toy gun on him.
chocolate
I am happy. But I am also human and sometimes people, life, loss, grief, sadness, stress, insomnia, full powerful moons and just general life circumstances get to me. Sad happens but after sad comes the emotion many people judge the harshest but that I view as a necessary step to healing.
into the wet areas of the leaf, and allow the colors to blend into each other
The rush was so largeg, that visitors had to be rejected.
“Move it!” Wei gave the pilot a shove toward the door that led to the airfield.
still scrapping and teaching crafty classes
Nat’s charming and at ease whether she’s at a five star hotel in Cannes (yes, a few weeks back, and no, not on her dime) or being interrogated while dumpster diving at night (yes, no, yes of course, delicious). Buddy loved her immediately and it was so great chat chat chatting about EVERYTHING! We’re going to have to get strategic with operation bring Pizzos west.
...for breakfast, first, and then for whatever else was on the agenda after power naps!
I pureed the strawberries, and mixed in the cake, but didn't get any dramatic colors! Guess you have to use some food coloring for that pink/red color. It did have a faint strawberry smell, taste and some texture too.
72) Wouldn’t we look cute on a wedding cake together?
1…2..3..4..
For me, after a bleak, nearly catastrophic winter, here was an encouraging song of renewed hope, the perfect balm for an unsettled spirit. Songs are funny that way. The good ones can sometimes be read like a map or guidebook. “Seasons Come, Seasons Go” defined my summer this year. Things happen for a reason, but the results are always for the better. “Don’t look back, good days ahead,” as Johnny once said. Except today, on a bright November morning, as I listen yet again, the future doesn’t appear to hold much promise. And while the sun is still shining, the air has turned cold. I realize now that I missed this song’s true meaning entirely. It isn’t about hope at all; it’s about loss. Songs are funny that way.
I am much better than before, earlier I would be terribly self conscious and have little confidence. Going full time helped immensely and more often than not I find myself having left the grocery store for example realizing that I had not worried about whether I pass or not.
So the next time you see someone riding
We even make artificial deadlines, which is a little like buying presents for ourselves and pretending Santa did it, then dressing as Santa while having a congratulatory cookie snack, which we left for ourselves and finally avoiding mirrored surfaces, less the whole farce shatter.
So watch me while I watch you sleep
Howdy!....hope all of you are doing well! Just dropping in to say Hello. Over to the right I have the link for Snickerdoodle dreams. I have joined a "paper bag swap". We have to send 2 fat quarters, a skein of DMC floss and what ever other kind of things we want. It can be buttons, ribbon, rick rack, scrapbook supplies. My swap partner will then make what ever she wants with the things I send to her and visa versa....we then send back and get a great surprise. Can't wait to see the outcome. I haven't sent my stuff yet, I don't have mine all put together yet.
The form pretty much explains itself. I have a spot to put in the location, the address, admission fees for Adult, Youth and Child, whether or not it would be a day trip, if it's an indoor or outdoor activity, and would we go again! Always important, especially if it's something you have to pay for. If the kids don't enjoy themselves, why go again?
Lately? Godsmack. But just turn the radio on to anything with music and it will be my fav of the moment.
Jessica clenched her hands tightly. “Choi Sooyoung, how dare you to steal my guy. I promise that im gonna make you pay for this..” Jessica mumble in her heart.
The Jets open 9/9 against the Bills.
This week’s challenge will be along shortly but firstly and I have some good news to share.
to bother us so much
1. The first attempt was decent and tasted like ice cream, according to my friends. I wouldn’t know, I had tonsillitis. That happened over the holidays; I loathed the world.
Diary of a Nympho… Kelly is staying home from school. Her mother is expecting a package delivered and the delivery guy is a blond hunk. A heated glance and a couple suggestive comments, and the two of them are pawing at each other and exchanging bodily fluids on the living room couch in graphic detail. Both satisfied, they part ways, never to cross paths again.
* Create a wide, generous and secure platform for the active involvement of community groups
The worrying thing for the English housewife is that farmers might now start using this method to firm up their vegetables. The authorities better make sure that supermarkets label their produce correctly, so respectable households don’t end up chewing sticks of celery laced with Viagra. The English home is a finely-tuned ecosystem which depends on its resident sexual organs behaving predictably and obediently. Its harmony would be destroyed if willies started popping up all over the place.
This is the reason why i read alot of Paranormal and Teen Novels!
If you're a regular reader of my blog (and you perhaps don't know how much it means to me that some of you are), you may have noticed that I didn't include Buddhism, Zen or otherwise, in my thoughts yesterday. (For regular readers: some of what I write below is a reprise of previous posts, but reframed within this context.)
The number of red Riding Hood.
instead of 1.
I think I need to seek medical help so I can once again feel like I’ve been thrown to heaven thanks to that chicken fillet burger and that Chicken Legend. Or maybe I just need a break. I don’t know what to do anymore.
A while ago I shot a job for local Alstonville tourist attraction, Amaze ‘n’ Place. It’s the worlds only living lattice maze, a great place to take the kids or go for lunch or a coffee.
Courts faced with a divided infringement theory have also generally refused to find liability where one party did not control or direct each step of the patented process. See BMC Resources, Inc. v. Paymentech, L.P., (N.D. Tex. Feb. 9, 2006) ("No court has ever found direct infringement based on the type of arms-length business transaction presented here."); Faroudja Labs v. Dwin Elecs., Inc., 1999 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 22987 (N.D. Cal. Feb. 24, 1999); Mobil Oil Corp. v Filtrol Corp., 501 F.2d 282, 291-92 (9th Cir. 1974) (expressing doubt over the possibility of divided infringement liability).
Enjoy tweeting.
So this afternoon, after pool time, we're at the grocery store. I send her on a mission to secure a cucumber for the salad I'm going to make for our regular True Blood Sunday feast. She finds one, holds it high, and YELLS to me across the produce aisles. "Koko! Is this big enough for you?"
Butterfly with its beautiful wings, unique wings patterns, gorgeous colors, and meaningful symbolism has been one of my endless source of inspirations. Every time I made a butterfly piece, I always gain new insight about them, and of course some meaningful insight for my life.
To learn more, please read the informative message below from John Hildreth, director of the Eastern Regional Office of the National Trust. Since his office is in Charleston, he has been the project manager for this Trust initiative. For more on the economic study, see the editorial pasted below and the link. While solutions have proved elusive, it is still hoped that they may be found.
This is illustrated by smaller dogs who live longer than medium and large size dogs.
Weakness: Offensively, the racers aren’t the most efficient team you’ll find. The Racers actually have a negative assist-to-turnover ratio on the year. Part of that is because of their style of play, but they won’t be playing UT-Martin or Jacksonville St in the Big Dance. They need to a better job of taking care of the basketball if they want to continue their dream season.
My first beer at the bar was the Loose Cannon. I really wasn't into the beer at all. It was very bitter and not really what I wanted at the time. It has a very distinct grapefruit smell and you could really feel the bitterness of the fruit in the back of your mouth. That is the only thing that I remember from the beer because it was so overpowering for me. So I can't really tell you anymore about it.
Take matters into your own hands and decide the presidency in the comfort of your own abode. Like a combination of two of my favorite games (Pacman and dysfunctional family bingo), this jeu presidentiel will keep you from fretting about anything substantial. Of course, if you want to do that, just watch CNN or Fox. But you knew that.
Look at this lovely stash of lace that I just received from a friend who is in the process of doing some spring purging! There's eyelets, trims, sheers and even a very unusually large panel of lace depicting a holiday scene.
Kilometres covered 309km
05. Keep It Greasy
The earth cycle is supposed to be of 2160 years = 20 x 108. The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun. The diameter of the Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Earth. The distance between the Earth and Moon is 108 times the diameter of the Moon. The universe is made up of 108 elements according to ancient texts. The current periodic table claims a few more than 108.
P.S. An isn't just a pretty face either. She's smart and her essays for my class were always well-written.
Japanese firm edward suzuki architecture has just completed ‘house on the bluff’, a residence with an attached studio office in the yamate district of yokohama, japan. The dwelling’s name derives from its positioning upon a bluff to present commanding views of the seaport city to inhabitants. The off-white exterior is an aesthetic taken from the existing, surrounding homes while intermittent bands of wooden louvers add visual warmth and privacy for the japanese room.
Becomes the new
There are however no parents on the panel, no education advocates, no students, no in-class or even retired teachers or administrators on the panel, except for Geoffrey Canada. This is no surprise since this is almost the same make-up as the State’s Board of Regents.
Noone else knows
A life lived. A time gone. An association renewed. A memory strengthened. A loss fathomed. A feeling plumbed.
On Sunday we went out for lunch en famille. Not because it was Mother's Day but because I never cook if I don't have to. Which in KL means that I never cook. Now I never thought I could be lured to a burger joint called Fat Boys but we'd heard good things about it, and having cycled and run 80km and 6.5km respectively, Mr Nomad and I decided to overlook the ridiculous name and wait for a table. Clearly the name hasn't been bad for business as the place was mobbed. Mind you as I've taught my children that to call anyone fat is rude/inconsiderate/mean/delusional - take your pick - my 5-year-old insisted on referring to the place as Big Boys for the rest of the day. Perhaps a career in marketing awaits.
Marc Faber: Mr. Bernanke Is A Murderer of The Middle Class! Lindsey Williams on GoldSeek Radio 5 April 2011 Gerald Celente Is Really Angry! The World Is Being Led Into The First Great War of The 21st Century! The Sooner Euro Flops The Better! ‘NATO’ Missile Strike Caught on Video, Libya Rebels Targeted ! Dan Norcini: There Is No Solution To QE. It Cannot Be Undone Without Creating Havoc Somewhere! YNET Israel News: Stalin’s Jews. We Mustn’t Forget That Some of Greatest Murderers of Modern Times Were Jewish! The Bolshevik Jews Behind The Deaths of 40+ Millions During The Communist Revolution!
Hetepu Family,
Strengths: Good frame and can hold his ground in run support. Nose tackle candidate who could supply the ability to occupy double teams.
Dan Eagleman: DAN FUCKING EAGLEMAN FUCK YEAH. The only truly likeable character. He’s fun to watch, he’s memorable, he’s sincere, he believes in the GHQ’s stated mission but unaware of their true goals, he has no ulterior motives, and the way he saves Haruka out of principle makes him the manliest, most chivalrous, most badass character out of the entire show. He’s not just likeable because his presence is totally ridiculous – he’s an actually likeable person!
It has been made possible not only by the generosity of the readers but by the astonishing feeling of having been given a renewed life. When I was diagnosed in March last year, I was told that the cancer had been present for at least 3 to 5 years without me knowing. I have just recently started to feel better than I have in years. I don't know if this is because of simply being more confident that I'm not going to die (soon) and it's just relief, or if I had been for years unknowingly run down and physically diminished by the cancer. In the last few days, I've slept better, eaten better and bounced out of bed in the morning more excited about being alive than I have been since leaving Vancouver to see the world 15 years ago.
Sometimes an angel appears to be a man with unusual features. Daniel saw an angel with arms and legs resembling polished metal and precious stones, and a face like lightning (Daniel 10:5-6). The angel that rolled back the stone from Christ’s tomb was radiating dazzling light (Matthew 28:3; Luke 24:4). The book of Revelation describes some highly unusual beings who may be a variety of angel in Revelation 4:6-8.
performance quality: A (it's tull in Boston)
Oh, how the carnal man hates to hear this! He says, “But it MUST depend in some way on what I can do. I will accept God’s grace, but can’t I add some of my works to it? Surely I can’t admit that I am totally incapable of helping myself in any way.”
Soft Pink
That doesn’t mean as much as you think it might….
How many books have you read this month? What were your favourites? Any particular plans for March?
And then, the long awaited ending...In The Last Battle, Narnia is being ripped apart. Aslan, the lion returns to show everyone the way home--Oh, but wait little Pevensie children, you can't go back to London--Don't you remember?--You were in a horrible train crash. Um, yeah, you died. Totally cool, though, you'll like heaven.
Thanks, y’all. It was a lovely and exciting dive. Tomorrow, we’re on our own.
His opinions, and his total lack of fear to tell the truth about them (at least to the reader) set this book apart from most other young adult novels, in the sense that it truly feels like it was written by the character, rather than the author.
Well, now, here's a bit of a puzzle. A modest web search indicates that there used to be a 306 running between Crystal Palace and Blackheath, until 1996; but then again, there seems also to have been a 306 running between New Barnet and Leavesden. Both these areas count as London nowadays; suffice it to say, however, that there is no such route in the TfL world now but, as it our habit, we feel we should mark its non-existence.
'It isn't safe for her to do it in Kenya. Would she be allowed into town with friends on free Saturday afternoons?'
It's worth noting that the jaws on the skulls are movable.
In our part of the world at least, and probably everywhere, bridges are a simple metaphor, one that unlocks new ways of thinking about not just our physical world, but about every change in our lives, every transition from one thing to another, every challenge, every graduation, every billy goat that disappears. Humans can hardly think without resorting to metaphor and this, the bridge, is an important one to understand.
“From the masters of language the preacher can learn conciseness, rhythm, euphony, and rhetorical devices such as consonance. He can learn to change up his sentence length and sentence functions.”
Torquay soon demonstrated their determination to get out of it, however. Martin Ling rang the changes at half-time and within a minute one of his substitutes, Ryan Jarvis, had cut the home side’s lead. A bombardment ensued and every cross and set piece provoked pandemonium in the Hereford area. Eventually, in the 63rd minute, a scramble following a free-kick led to another substitute, Taiwo Atieno, bundling the ball in to make it 3-2.
the great state of Texas?
Of course, there are different kinds of ends. There is the time when a country is coming to its end, like the period before Communism came to Russia. At that time a great spiritual revival was actually occurring. They had great saints, such as St. John of Kronstadt and the many Elders of Optina. Many holy monks and bishops were living at that time, and many people were very fervent. But the whole society was sort of against it: it had become so Westernized – almost anti-Christian – that the revival was finally submerged. If you look at it from the point of view of a spiritual revival, however, there definitely was such a revival going on.
Kronospan’s Bohemian Kitsch trend is all about embracing kooky, unusual, one-off and whimsical designs. In a fantastic and slightly outrageous rejection of modern simplicity, Tessa Koot has really come up with sometime special.
To buy what I like, instead of what I think I should buy for a certain spot.
And seriously. Forget the idea that you can ‘safeguard’ your job or career. Companies are collapsing. The economy is anything but stable, anywhere. Stuff happens. Who’s really ‘indispensable’ when push comes to shove?
BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA CYBORG LOG
It’s always a joy for me to attend church with my Mom on Sunday ~ the church in which I grew up in … where I found Jesus, met my husband, got married, dedicated my babies, my Daddy’s funeral, … During the Sunday School hour, I chose to sit in the Senior Adult class with those I have known for many years, discussing the disciple Peter and his tragic failure of loyalty … a lesson from the Nazarene spring quarterly. I chimed in with my own comment that even though Peter failed and made a horrible mess of things, because of Christ’s love and forgiveness, Peter was restored and later had a dynamic ministry in spite of his past. I’m personally grateful that Jesus does not just condemn and leave me in a pile to rot. But instead, he is all about redemption and restoration.
Each alone.
Riggs analyzes different theories of consciousness and perception as put forth by such paranormal experts as Robert Anton Wilson, John Keel, and Douchan Gersi. He argues that these paranormal manifestations in anomalous areas are a call, so to speak, for modern man to embrace again the unusual powers he may have had prior to the advent of industrialization and “civilization,” powers that the so-called “primitive” peoples of the Earth seem, to some degree, to still possess.
2010.08.31 Afghanistan Badakhshan 3 0 Three Oxmam humanitarian workers are taken out in a brutal roadside blast.
BASIC HUMMUS
"A tale that changes every time you tell it."
The Greenberg below is for trade. I'm seeking another 2011 legend SP (doesn't have to be diamond) for it.
There it is. It's put there now. I can't look back. I've jumped off the edge, and I'm falling fast. Now all I have to do is decide if I'm going to fall on my face, in the dirt, or fall into a wonderful pool of beer. I pray for the latter.
- Recent events
This decision really took some soul-searching. There are so many things that are fried these days, and so many of those same foods that I truly love but I reached an important conclusion: many fried foods are fads. Everything from Kool-Aid to pizza is being deep-fried but once the novelty of a weird concoction wears off most people aren’t frying up Kool-Aid on their weekly home menus. But, just because I thought some of these strange ideas were so interesting I’ve decided to share some with you. I’m hoping that some of you readers will have tried some of the more odd ones since I’m really curious as to how they REALLY taste. I’m not certain I would be brave enough to taste them all but I’m nosy, and I want the scoop. So…..without further ado…..some deep-fried menu ideas…….
Andaaz (2003)
Wow. I’m just…just so flattered. I think.
I guess, it nearly always boils down to the packaging and that is where companies can really go to town and make us get out our wallets for something that is really not that much different inside.
Gardner is one of the wittiest guys in science fiction. Joe is another. When I was the emcee for the Nebula Awards last year, he presented the best novel award and murmured something to me on the way to the mic and something else on the way back, and cracked me up each time. So I'm sorry I won't be present for this particular award ceremony.
Cant really see in this photo above as it was on maximum telephoto but I did try and show how many were flying. Looking through the binoculars it was like one of those speeded up street scenes when everyone is hurtling about. What was really interesting though was as the evening advanced more and more hirundines arrived, and then at 7.55pm, as if a switch had been flicked, they all left en mass and headed north. The silence was astonishing, after 2 hours of thousands of chattering swallows.
When I first met her, I knew I would fall in love with her and I knew I would always love her. Over twenty-five years later, that hasn’t changed. We might have grown apart but still…the feelings remained.
This weekned I plan on going to the mall to see how much gas masks go for.
Cleveland is home to the largest theater complex outside of Broadway. Cleveland is committed to becoming the model for a green technology.
For this, he faces charges of criminal breach of trust and violating the Companies Act.
Please visit our blogs for further details of how we made our cards and a full list of the products used and please turn off word verification to make it easier for us to leave you a comment thanks xx
If there’s a little slice of time left, or if someone brings it up, we’ll also hit spring force. If not, I just save it for when we get to the spring force experiment because it will be rather obvious to them at that point, we don’t need it right now, and I want to stop standing up there and talking so we can start learning already.
I have decided I will not wait for my husband to change and hope to have good moments or good days. Instead I am changing me. I will help my husband become a better man, because he asked for help. He has stayed with me while I became a better woman. But I will help him with a guarded heart. I will help him as a friend. I don’t trust him as a husband. As a husband, the pain he causes is just too great.
Here at the White House tonight, President and Mrs. Obama will again host a small Seder, complete with recipes provided by friends and family. It’s a tradition that started in Pennsylvania in 2008, when after a long day on the campaign trail then-Senator Obama gathered a group of staffers – Jewish and non-Jewish alike – for an impromptu Seder. Each year since, the same group, along with a few close friends and family, have come together to carry on the tradition at the White House. Among the family recipes on the menu this year are a traditional chicken soup with matzoh balls, braised beef brisket, potato kugel, carrot soufflé, and matzoh chocolate cake.
right around the corner things are about to change. I will share these ideas with the world.
I stopped talking for the first time in a while to take a deep breath and, after a brief caesura to inventory my brain and my guests' energy level, I declared to the berylline Barsoomians, "That pretty much sums it up for me. 'nuff said!"
Our truck just happened to wreck in front of a sex shop.
I trust you can find your own clutch or use one you own (I have a leopard pony one with optional chain that I picked up at a church yard sale) but in case you want some inspiration, some of the options reminiscent of Liz's nude exotic-skin clutch, all under $40:
PLR stands for Private Label Rights which means that you have the right to edit the content in any way you see fit and for what ever purpose you require. You can add your own name to the content, make changes, insert your affiliate links - basically anything you can think of.
Songwriting and all creative work should be the same. You keep showing up. You will never run out of ideas as long as you are engaging with some form of action, because the DOING negates any need for THINKING.
Stik’s art is splattered throughout Brick Lane and its surrounding neighbourhood. His work consists primarily of stick figures added to engaging environments—manipulating the space in order to give it purpose. For example: one of the works shown depicted two figures whose mouths opened in gag at a garage door, leaving an effect (for when it’s open, at least) of waste within. This is only my interpretation, though, as the artist seldom revealed his complete inspiration. And discrete he was—disguised in sunglasses and a hat, Stik did not once disclose his real name. Perhaps his characters define his true identity: a being immerged in the streets of the city. The artist was, after all, literally living on the streets until very recently.
Stamps/Images: Rose Bloom Digital Stamp Set
Participate in the Fit-A-Thon by donating ANY AMOUNT of money and automatically receive an Amelia Tiger water bottle!
In all, she recorded more than 500 songs during her career and was one of the first mainstream artists to delve into Nashville, Tenn., combining with country star Jimmy Wakely on the hit “Slippin’ Around.” She also recorded rock, novelty and sacred songs.
And as Mr Arun Doraisamy, the NIAT Secretary pointed out, since 2008 there have been a long parade of controversies resulting from the Education Ministry. From the reversal of the PPSMI policy and the ensuing battle with PAGE, to the rising number of racial incidences in schools, to the schools problematic & ideologically slanted History syllabus, to the reduction of the number of subjects allowed to be taken for SPM, and many other issues. The Education Ministry (and by extension the Education Minister) has shown itself to be blatantly incompetent and dangerously ideological.
I am a Bokononist now. (pp. 1-2)
Talk about opening up Pandora's box. *sigh* Wasn't it on the Fugly blog where it was often said, "When you claim to be a professional, you are automatically held to a higher standard." I do believe it was.
Hardly anybody sings or dances,
Quickly the narrative moves forward, as the time travelers explore the spaceship on which they’ve landed. They discover the human crew, all seemingly dead. The Doctor, rather uncharacteristically, insists that nothing can be done for them, and so it would be best if they all just took leave, but before they can, the dead begin to rise. Ahhhh, it turns out the humans weren’t dead, but rather in a deep, coma-like sleep – put there by the Sensorites. The first couple episodes have a nice sense of dread about them, and the cliffhanger for Episode One, “Strangers in Space,” is rather creepy, as we get our first look at a Sensorite, from Ian’s point of view, floating silently in space, and peeking through the ship’s window.
Isn't it darling? Its one of my faves because I love cats and dogs :)
Congressman Walter Jones from NC has submitted a resolution that is clearly a warning to the Administration that they are treading on thin ice, and that to act against Syria without Congressional approval will be viewed as an impeachable offense, at least in Congressman Jones’s view. Here is a link to the official copy of the resolution. Here is the text of the resolution:
'One of the teachers spoke. Her son had washed his passport twice in the washing machine in his first term. He couldn't get it sorted in time to come home for his first Christmas.'
Active: John was robbing the bank.
Normally, I finish within the two week mark and then laze around for the rest of the month. When I was still in school, I spent it writing papers and putting off studying for finals. These days, I have no school to keep me busy, no papers to keep me distracted, no fun college things to do. Instead I just have work. And yet, here I am on day 26 with an incomplete script.
thickened...if too thick, add milk until reaches desired consistency.
Chareidi Parties: Losers
This lady is a mixture of technique. She is watercolour drips, pencil sketch and PhotoShop texture. She oozes passion and temptation for our weary traveller. Will he succomb or does his heart already belong to the girl from the valleys?
Anyway, hope you all have a good weekend, since it's almost here. The Razorbacks have their first game this Saturday, unfortunately, it won't be on TV, but I bet I can find a radio station that will be broadcasting it.
Me: "Oh."
One time I was standing in line at a clothing store. My stomach began to act up. Everyone within its radius turned and gave me appalling stares. I wanted to growl in unison with my stomach. You know, get animalistic, but I did not. I really just wanted to get out of there as soon as possible. When it was my turn, I placed my item on the counter. I was buying a cardigan. He totaled out my purchase and I swiped my card. I proceeded to believe my card transaction cleared when the cashier said, “Would you please just swipe your card again?” I responded, “Really?” He nodded. I thought, hm, if you insist. I picked up my cardigan and walked out. As I walked out I was tackled to the floor by the security (Mall Cops). But…the cashier said I could swipe my cardigan. My stomach made another growl. I received that same disgusted look. I said aloud, “You are making my stomach angry…And you won’t like it when its angry.”
Or whiten in the wind, of waters blue
Hello Peeps, what a ball we've had this month with our Birthday celebrations and judging by all your lovely mails and comments you had a pretty fun time as well. Huge, huge thanks to all of you for helping make our Birthday such a memorable one.
-Finally, Tanigawa-san, would you give a message to our readers?
Apparently if Jeff Buckley's version sells another 10,000 or so by the weekend, he could snatch the Christmas number two slot. I don't think there has ever been a time when numbers 1 and 2 in the chart were the same song.
A necessity of life in general
The right to peaceful protest is fundamental to any democracy, as are free and fair elections, and they should not be subverted with threats and intimidation.
The evening starts at 8pm on Friday 19th September 2008 and ends at at 12.30am.
Welcoming and open the café remains until 1 am early in the week (including Sunday), stretching it to the regulatory maximum of 3 am later in the week. If you are looking for a drink later than that in the over-regulated country of Norway, you have better find a private "nachspiel" or have a well-stocked fridge at home.
Probably it's too late to apologize for that, right?)
“HSN is the perfect partner to bring the look and feel of ‘Snow White and The Huntsman’ to life through fashion and lifestyle items inspired by the film,” Sperber said. “We know this 24-hour event featuring unique clothing, jewelry and accessories alongside Snow White and the Huntsman footage will build anticipation for the film’s opening on June 1.”
You will be able to read:
But since when has reality ever stood in my way?
Annoying fonts e.g. Comic Sans - I CANNOT stand that font and it is not how children are taught to write so why do so many apps insist on using it?
Thanks Lee!
I ended up playing around with this for a while, trying to get things to look the way I wanted them. A lot of that was, again, sort of a learning-curve thing. My original cover design had a serifed font rather than Pfennig and I didn't like how the results looked in the preview in KDP. As it turns out, the preview in KDP seems to render text poorly compared to almost every other place I saw it. So, the lesson I took from that was that if it looks okay when you shrink it down to thumbnail size in your design tool then it should look fine for most purposes.
Can you imagine!! Anyway I laughed and cried and was shaking for hours!! Before I replyed rather quickly with a big fat YES! :)
I got a very cheap canvas, painted it with acrylic paint to resemble a sky (because I think rainbows need skies), and hot-glued my crayons to the canvas.
And so me and the beagle walk and I am dying for the jacket.
Now for the answer to the “Wicked Whatzit” card…make sense now?
2. What inspires you?
Ruddy Governor.
until we pass a familiar
While in Italy Elizabeth Seton became attracted to Catholicism and she converted in 1805. Because of anti-Catholic prejudice, she wasn’t allowed to open a school in the United States, but she did find a teaching position at a Protestant school, though it soon closed. She opened a boarding house for pupils at an Episcopalian school, but parents soon started withdrawing their children, fearing Seton would be a bad influence. Finally, in 1808, she was invited to Baltimore to open the first parochial school in the United States.
The last few words of the book are actually found in the last post where Cleone is talking to Philip about the contents of the locket (aka: she kept his real hair in a locket – shock, awe, surprise, whatevs).
Deanna Sellyeh – I picked up a hitchhiker near Mill Bay who gave me a Curious George fridge magnet as a thank-you. I suppose that's more of a gift than find, but it's my favourite object from the Greater Victoria Area. This was in 2007, after my first year of design school.
Amazon has done a good job of setting up its own store. Buying and downloading books and movies is a quick process — as long as you’re buying them from Amazon. Unfortunately you can not buy copy-protected books from anyone but Amazon and expect to read them on the Fire, as you can with the iPad and even the Nook.
Unlike UKIP we do not want to eradicate the indigenous cultures, people and identities of the English, Welsh, Anglo-Irish and Scottish people of our islands in order to create some monstrous, politically correct artificial ’uni-culture’ based on ‘assimilation’ in order to replace our unique British national and cultural heritage.
Approaching the parking lot of the 5 Seasons Brewery Westside in Atlanta, I started suspecting every not-so-young-looking pedestrian I saw, wondering if I would recognize him at the reunion. It was an odd feeling that our class was a living time capsule about to be cracked open after two decades.
But Freedom of the Press Day serves not only to highlight the importance of an uncensored press: it also serves as a reminder that in dozens of countries around the world, publications are censored, fined, suspended and closed down; that in many countries, journalists, editors and publishers and bloggers are harassed, attacked, jailed and even murdered. It aims to remind governments of the need to respect their commitment to Press Freedom, and to journalists
Take my clothes, for example. I can’t remember the last time that I bought an article of clothing at its full price. I nearly always shop at thrift stores. I keep an eye on quality, of course, and won’t just buy a cheaper thing simply because it’s cheap when it looks and feels like it’ll wear out in a week, but the vast majority of the clothes I’ve bought second-hand have lasted just as long as any clothes I’ve bought at full retail price. I don’t see a point in paying $25 for a t-shirt when I can get something similar for $5. Why buy a $50 pair of jeans when I can get them for $15? To me, it just makes sense.
The Pearl Girls™ all began with the metaphor of the oyster – which was swimming beneath the waves when something unexpected happened. A piece of sand got stuck inside its shell and caused great pain. Nacre soon coated the piece of sand and transformed the unexpected source of pain into a beautiful pearl. Like the oyster, we, too go about our everyday lives when the unexpected happens. Yet God’s grace covers our pain and transforms it into a beautiful pearl.
And now, to complete the deck of pantomime villains we have racist policemen. As I said, if anyone has been racist, lazy or lacking in compassion; deal with them and move on.
3 tablespoons powdered sugar
“Hey, you piece of shit,” I say in Thai. “Where’s your money?”
"Hey Bob", I say.
He shook his cane at us he was so thrilled to witness our work, and in doing so teetered to such an extent that he had to grab the wall to stay standing. Unfortunately for him the part of the wall he grabbed was the lower elevator button and his hand now reflected a certain depth of squalor not common to the rest of the building.
The Primordial Atom (anu) cannot be multiplied either in its pregenetic state, or its primogeneity; therefore it is called “SUM TOTAL,” figuratively, of course, as that “SUM TOTAL” is boundless. (See Addendum to this Book.) That which is the abyss of nothingness to the physicist, who knows only the world of visible causes and effects, is the boundless Space of the Divine Plenum to the Occultist. Among many other objections to the doctrine of an endless evolution and re-involution (or re-absorption) of the Kosmos, a process which, according to the Brahminical and Esoteric Doctrine, is without a beginning or an end, the Occultist is told that it cannot be, since “by all the admissions of modern scientific philosophy it is a necessity of Nature to run down.” If the tendency of Nature “to run down” is to be considered so forcible an objection to Occult Cosmogony, “How,” we may ask, “do your Positivists and Free-thinkers and Scientists account for the phalanx around us of active stellar systems?” They had eternity to “run down” in; why, then, is not the Kosmos a huge inert mass? Even the moon is only hypothetically believed to be a dead planet, “run down,” and astronomy does not seem to be acquainted with many such dead planets.* The query is unanswerable. But apart from this it must be noted that the idea of the amount of “transformable energy” in our little system coming to an end is based purely on the fallacious conception of a “white-hot, incandescent Sun” perpetually radiating away his heat without compensation into Space. To this we reply that nature runs down and disappears from the objective plane, only to reemerge after a time of rest out of the subjective and to reascend once more. Our Kosmos and Nature will run down only to reappear on a more perfect plane after every PRALAYA. The matter of the Eastern philosophers is not the “matter” and Nature of the Western metaphysicians. For what is Matter? And above all, what is our scientific philosophy but that which was so justly and so politely defined by Kant as “the Science of the limits to our Knowledge?” Where have the many attempts made by Science to bind, to connect, and define all the phenomena of organic life by mere physical and chemical manifestations, brought it to? To speculation generally—mere soap-bubbles, that burst one after the other before the men of Science were permitted to discover real facts. All this would have been avoided, and the progress of knowledge would have proceeded with gigantic strides, had only Science and its philosophy abstained from accepting hypotheses on the mere one-sided Knowledge of their Matter.†
We are sometimes so accustomed to explaining play opportunities to new visitors that it’s easy to forget we can let the place explain a lot for us. A good place to play sends its own message – that here, you get to decide.
And here is a card I made with the fabulous Oh, Penelope kit.
8) Hey, can i write a song about you? I will call it, “to the love of my life… you are so beautiful!” +
I'm not sure exactly when it was, but I must have been about ten years old when I first discovered the power of a long thin envelope. Up until then, the only mail I'd been remotely interested in was the stiff square variety that turned up at Christmas and birthdays; cards containing at worst a gaudily coloured wish and at best a folded five pound note.
My wife, Elizabeth, has never been out of southern Florida and can’t wait to see New England snow for the first time.
Despite the abundance of characters and the locations ranging from San Francisco to Naples, the story and threads all come together at the end making for a satisfying conclusion.
I know how hard it can be when you first get out here.Go out and meet as many people as you can.Create a family for yourself of creative, supportive people.AND, don’t stop your personal life for your career.I know a lot of people that wait to do things – visit family, friends, have relationships, get married – because they are waiting until they “make it”.Or, they don’t go to a friend’s wedding because they might “miss something”.Life is too short and it’s not worth it in the end.I always took off and did that stuff and it turned out fine.I was often anxious and worried in the process but I did it.I believe that in order for my professional life to move forward, I have to keep my personal life moving forward as well.
I wanted to read books – uni & personal choices that I had found via the Kindle – and the weather obliged me in my request.
Crossing the Canterbury Road (a Roman Road according to the map, presumably from Durovernum Cantiacorum to the Weald, via the roadside settlement at Westhawk Farm), the path follows a direct line across a field of rape, drilled directly into the stubble. Despite the bright sunshine but with no shelter, the breeze feels cold and it is a relief to reach a row of tall yellowing poplars that provide a windbreak.
Even so, it is clear that his influence did seep into various exile circles, often influencing further generations of exile students through them. This is clear, all else apart, from the usage of the term "organic intellectual", a Gramscian term, which can not infrequently be heard in the mouths of Left activists, let alone the continual stress on the need for ANC "hegemony", Gramsci's central concept.
I do not think that I will actually do the costume anytime soon, but it would be a neat idea for the future.
I got my Scientific American today, Which is very surprising, because I thought it took about 2 weeks to send post from America to Australia, but there you go. I always thoroughly enjoy getting my Scientific American each month, and I always find half a dozen articles which I consider blogging for. I found an article today which was about some of the clever light tricks which animals play on us, but not about the colour changing squids which go black and then white and then black and then white when a pretty lady comes past or when a compeditor squid comes along. This article was about the microscopic patterns on bird feathers, butterfly wings and worms, which make colours which don’t look like what they really are. I will be blogging about a few of the tricky light patterns mentioned in this article in future posts, but today’s article is about A strange pattern found on Butterflies.
Other studies have shown that chocolate, like aspirin, makes blood platelets less likely to clump together into dangerous blood vessel-blocking clots by reducing their stickiness.
Several times today the tears just start falling, sometimes without my feeling like I’m about to cry. It’s just one of those days.
is an apt one. When the native countries of the musicians
I read the book now, and I no longer see high-lighter and scribbles. I see the colors of someone's life. I see:
I think it might partly be gas. And maybe LL sits just right to make put lots of pressure on my intestines (hey, where are they even located at this point? I can't seem to find a helpful diagram on Dr. Go.ogle.) I haven't had any pain since those few that I had earlier. Just discomfort. But again, it feels like the heaviness is located right where my belly ends and the flat section of my lower abdomen begins. Vaginal heaviness would feel lower, no?
I am not an emotional person.
This link between the amygdala and the limbic system and the frontal lobe- different voices, then Consciousness, the illusion of the I-
If you are me, a flight transfer typically means very little time to reach your connecting flight. Even if the flight is supposed to give me a full hour between, it never seems to work that way.
I'd like to give a shout-out to my critique partners, Marcy Hatch and Krystalyn Drown, who read my awful first drafts chapter-by-chapter as I write them -- no matter if they appear 1 day apart or 6 weeks apart. I'm not sure I'd keep going if Marcy didn't nudge me with emails asking when the next chapter is coming. And if Krystalyn didn't ask the hard questions that send me back to the drawing board, I'd never discover the plot potential brewing under the surface that I've been too lazy to breach.
The umbrella abandoned long ago, forever
It’s a weird position that I’m in relative to the media attitude towards boobs, because I’m bisexual, and I like boobs, I really do. Trust me, straight guys – I probably check them out at least as often as you do. But there’s a level of empathy there that men don’t seem to have, for logical reasons. So, when I hear about, say, the topless coffee shops in Portland, my first thought is “ouch, second degree burns on nipples from hot, hot steam” rather than “yay boobs!”. But at the same time I can see the appeal, for a guy raised with the idea that boobs are essentially toys made just to make him happy.
1. Know who you are and whose you are
“Forty’s not that old. Biggest thing (is) he has to stay off the injured list. It’s easy to play half a season, so he could still contribute to the Sens,” said Leafs fan Rob Stadnisky.
So here are the before pictures of her room. I like to think of it as Rainbow Sherbet. Let's see what you think...
3. Cast Your Spell Uranus (Ballard) 4:29
I remember that my mother used to give our dog pills for some ailment or other. The vet told her to put the pill in the dog’s mouth and rub his throat. The throat-massage forced the dog to swallow involuntarily, thus sending the pill where it needed to go. I am considering this method for Mia, but I worry that she is craftier than our collie-mix used to be.
- Goldfish, pretzels, crackers and other snacks (I found these great snack containers at Old Navy)
Read more
It’s a strange predicament. Was this just a promotional stunt from Blood Red Shoes to raise their own awareness? Perhaps, the video in question was uploaded just days before their In Time To Voices record was released. Or do the band truly believe and stand up for the points they’ve made? More importantly, are they actually right in what they’re saying? Are bands like You Me At Six and The Vaccines really poisoning the minds of aspiring musicians? Or are we just lucky to have guitar-orientated bands still achieving high levels of commercial success amongst the waves of electronic pop fodder that’s produced in its masses? Would really love to hear what people think of the matter, so if you’ve got a strong opinion, please make a comment below. I understand that it’s been a while since the comments are made, and I don’t really want to relight or blow an incident out of proportion more than it should be, but at the time it really struck a chord with me and I’m curious to see what others make of this incident.
'The CLUSTO PUMP: A simple used shoe with a cassette of Rubber O Cement's music that mixed with the instructions allows the listener super human 'feets'.'
Country Music Hall of Fame, Ford TheatreScreening and Discussion with: Glen Campbell, Julian Raymond and George DoughertyPresented by the Country Music Hall of Fame and Nashville Public TelevisionIn partnership with Capitol Records and Sin City Marketing"Meet Glen Campbell: A Documentary" invites the re-discovery of a legendary American musical master through the inspired creation of his latest album release. Starting out on the road as a fourteen year old prodigy with a seven dollar guitar, Glen is recognized today among players across generations and music genres as a "musician's musician."
She also showed me the literature that was available at each meeting. They were mostly pamphlets, but also a few books.
Every child is different. Every parent is different.
__It is impossible to overestimate the role of the NAS Archaeology Institute of Ukraine in the forming of the collection of Scythian gold, that during 1964-1986 passed over 30 thousand of exhibits to the museum. This collection was considerably completed by the materials from the excavations conducted by the Dnipropetrovsk and Donetsk State Universities. As for the completeness and informational content it is indeed unique in the world.
Shouted Stella as this arrogant male human began to drag her away.
Obviously, this isn't the case with the following: hookers, strippers, booze, cars, houses, wanks, chocolates, cheese balls, plane tickets to Bangkok, burgers, baltis, Pot Noodles, staplers, PowerPoint slides written by me, nine-egg breakfast omelettes, telescopes, butter, lube, weaponry or porn.
Armoires are efficient and convenient; when you open the doors, you can see everything at a glance: folded items on open shelves, hanging space high enough so nothing touches the bottom, and maybe even a drawer or two for precious items.
Emily's relationships with her children, Ken and Margaret, have long been frought with anxiety. Unmet expectations are a normal part of the parent/child bond. What parent doesn't want more for their kids than they had themselves? What child doesn't sometimes feel that they've let their parents down? Underachieved? How many times do we bite our tongues to keep the peace at family gatherings?
Story Source:
He is the only winner as every bloke is looking on in semi-awe at the carnage the man has created.
The darkness closed in, I closed my eyes,
I do not think, however, that hardening the world's grid and electronic devices ought to be our top priority. We have the pressing problems of climate change, peak oil, soil depletion, water depletion, deforestation and myriad other critical problems to keep us busy. But, I find the topic of solar storms and EMP interesting because these phenomena offer a window into the tightly networked complex systems which bind the globe, the failure of which could quickly plunge humanity into another dark age starting with a horrifying dieoff of a large part of the population.
“He has received his just reward for being captured,” Wei’s mood turned dark as quickly as his spirits had risen only moments before.
Even when symptoms occur, they can be so mild or vague, most people don't even realize it's heart-related (unless they are made aware). Four things in particular are the most sinister signs of a silent heart attack.
In this episode, Corey & Joe welcome special guest host Traci Hayner Vanover, fellow Mad Men fan and podcaster, and owner of her own marketing business The Creative Concept (www.propabranda.com) The three break down “At The Codfish Ball” with discussions ranging from Megan’s characters sudden rise, Peggy’s non proposal, and why Sally thinks the big city is “dirty.”
Both chambers of the State Legislature have passed the state budget bill (HB 1335). The House approved it 64-1, and the Senate, 30-5. As the two versions of the budget differ, the bill now goes to a conference committee to be finalized. Then both chambers will vote on the bill before the Governor can sign it.
Babygirl-
4 tablespoons butter, melted
With that said, I am now in the process of liquidating a large portion of my stamp supply... both retired AND current items. I have created a list of everything I'm letting go, and would be happy to send it to you. Leave me a comment with your e-mail address (or e-mail me) and I will send it right over.
Working Themselves To Death
My second beer was the recommended one and the one for which the cafe is famous. The pink elephant beer!
Imagine an optometric practice, where the receptionist doesn’t know a thing about customer service, the salesperson doesn’t know anything about the products he/she is selling, and the lab person doesn’t have a clue about adjusting eyeglasses. What a mess would that be?
Then it was off to the midwife, for most of us. Anna was able to get the final element for her "Life in the Womb" project - a recording of fetal heartbeat from a Doppler!
I still don't know if he was serious or joking.
Finally around 10.30 we sat down. After singing Happy Birthday (in English; it was Sylvie's birthday, though she had omitted to tell us so) and done various hip hip horray's (in French) the first course was unveiled; two whole poached salmon garnished with watercress, Blinis spread with Brondade a la Mourue, tomatoes, radishes and a Salad Russe, (tinned vegetables in mayonnaise),and two types of mayonnaise, and bread, of course.
4 large eggs at room temperature
Potatoes – 1 medium
Tiny, sparkly wonders
So. That's the primer. Don't get thrashed -- it's unseemly -- but don't be afraid to have fun, and smile, and laugh, and shake hands with strangers, and sing! Have fun. Be a bit safe. And walk, take transit, or get a sober driver. I'll see you Sunday.
Vaughan Rapatahana / Two Visits to Nauru / 106
Here's my dad rolling out thou dough, this job was passed onto Josh later on. My dad is the designated doughnut cooker. You have to work your way up the ranks in the family, cooker being the most sought after job, the lowest being....
I brought the cookies to a dance holiday party, to Xani and Dave prior to their departure for Boston for the Christmas holiday (a good airplane snack!), to my parents as we were waiting to leave for Las Vegas for our Christmas vacation, and to a birthday party a few days later -- there were a lot of cookies to get through!
3. Remove everything from the space and sort them into groups of like things AND have a rubbish bag and recycling box handy so you can toss things out or collect them together to be reused elsewhere
After the ending diagonal triangle completed at SPX 1422, the market went into somewhat of a free fall. It declined to SPX 1357 with only three small 8 to 9 point rallies in between. We counted this decline as an ABC, more specifically an abc-x-abc, which apparently ended Intermediate wave A. From that low, the market rose in an abc to SPX 1388, declined in an abc to SPX 1365, then rose to SPX 1393. This should have been sufficient to complete Int. wave B. We do, however, have another one of those symmetrical triangles potentially forming.
Warm dry intervals like the “Medieval Warm Anomaly” between 1,000 and 700 years ago saw more burns.
on the grass. One day, a hare hung from a larch,
Rental Comps – ML#98165401 $1750 p/m, ML#14571384 $1500 p/m, ML#91973917 $1000 p/m
So I pray...
Also one of my favourite Christmas songs ever, The Sonics Santa Claus. Love the line, "I want a brand new car, twangy guitar and cute little honey and lots of money." Well don't we all! Size and gender of your honey may vary , some settling may occur during shipping.
Jesus, put up mirrors
(General Najiya points to the right side of the stage.)
The frustration of not being able to see inside the property, which is today reportedly under the single ownership of a Portugal-based landlord, is somewhat cushioned by the various wonders to behold on the two façades of the building, such as its most distinguishing feature, visible on the Rue Saint-François wing: the eerily lifelike (but long-since headless) sculpture of a builder, perched on a ledge and positioned in such a way that he is left propping up a second-floor balcony.
Wed - off
These guys below look like they're carrying some kind of Ninja Turtle shell on their backs - they turned out to be fan-propelled streamer shooters. Awesome!
Just up the road from this place, there was this restaurant called Onn Kee which is famous for its chicken. Erine had worked in Ipoh before so she knew about this place. I don’t even know whether to call this lunch or tea but this is what we ordered!
Okay, for those of you who know me personally, you know that life totally sucks right now.
This was lunchtime yesterday and you can see from the shadow on the roof just how high the sun gets here at the end of November. By solstice it will hardly creep above the horizon.
Improvements grant
Then, she could not take the situation anymore and sent Guiliastes to the rebirth point in the game by killing him in the last picture shown above. These last two pictures show the process of differentiating in a relationship.
A recent human rights complaint has surfaced in BC, in regards to Earls Restaurant and the serving of their Albino Rhino brand ale. They’ve been making and serving the beer for 25 years but a woman, Ikponwosa (I.K.) Ero, has now filed a human rights complaint that the beer discriminates against albinos. There is a clip to watch as well as the news report.
To remain dignified
Nourishing, protective and lightweight, SHU UEMURA ART OF HAIR Essence Absolue is infused with rich camellia oil to help protect the hair fibre against dryness, frizz and UV damage.
We don’t count with the clock of repentance when we’re captivated.
He added: "It is still a little stunning to see a comic book and $1m in the same sentence."
Thus, from its operation in us, we see that this gift is a supernatural tool that the Holy Spirit uses to permit our very common and otherwise very limited human nature to participate in bringing forth God’s Kingdom without requiring the human effort and prayer talent required to achieve the same level of prayer and communion with the Father’s heart.
PUTAR: Mr Rudd says he is going for the games because Australians love sport and he is Australian.
"A bad deal"
* A special thank you to the many sites that found Karen's LOST Notebook useful, and Jooky22's generosity for sharing the pages, and for kindly linking fans back here to view and explore the scans. We both appreciate that very much!
At the beginning of October, I caught a young boy in the act of stealing a bicycle wheel at the New York Avenue Metro station. Last night, I helped police finally catch him. But he wasn't arrested.
Hope you have a wonderful Sunday!
Only an attitude remains:
So I finally hung them up. (does it take any one else 6 months to complete an incredibly simple project, or is that just a me thing?)
So, for avid home-bakers like myself the choice is to experiment in the kitchen until I get a good approximation of what they proudly produce in the Tuscan hills.
When Sam Gamgee and his two friends
I’ve just heard that my novel, The Making of Her, will be published this Friday. Even as I write this, it’s at the printers being turned into A Real Book. I’ve never had a baby, but I guess this is the nearest I’ll come to it. So please bear with me, because I’m going to blog about its story. Not its plot, but the story of how it came into being.
I am offering you a 25% discount on all items in
My hearts went well!
Jessica had some options with how to respond. She possibly could blame her dad, questioning his methods or she could choose to trust that Eddie would work this out. Also, she was now stuck at the fair for the next five days with no pig to show, watching her friends participate in everything she would miss. Depression or poutiness could easily be a natural response.
chillies till fragrant. Add beef, wine and dark soy sauce and stir evenly.
Here’s the truth. You can lead a horse to water but you can’t make him drink. I can tell you a million reasons why you should save your money, but if you’ve decided against it, then there’s not much I can do. But why don’t I remind you one more time?
I love rainbows. They make my heart smile – the combination of colours is just so perfect, and it reminds me that nature’s pretty much got it all sussed, and we’re the ones with lots of catching up to do. I also love the sound of a lazy summer afternoon, with bumble bees and the distant drone of a lawnmower – that ties in with my favourite smell of fresh cut grass and honeysuckle from my childhood and. And the feeling I love is when you see a beautiful sunset, or a beautiful view (I am particularly fond of trees), and I am overcome by a feeling that all is well with the world. It’s a wonderfully grounded feeling, like burrowing your toes into warm sand.
Want to go all out and be an extreme minimalist that lives a self sustaining lifestyle off the land and off the grid?
During Juinor’s time in the NFL, I believe he was one of the best to play the game and still ranks among the best ever. Junior should be selected for the Hall of Fame in my eyes.
There will undoubtedly be 100’s of photographs of today’s eclipse splashed on the internet by the time I’ve posted this. The two photographs I’ve posted above were sourced from the gallery of www.astronomical.co.za, where viewers uploaded images almost in real time. I presume by tomorrow their photo gallery will have been updated with plenty more!
On her journey down to Canterbury Lillian remembers something that someone once said, 'The dead live longer than you think'. Conrad haunts the novel through his absence, the impact coming from others contemplation of what life will be like without him. For Lillian there is the obvious professional vacuum that will need to be filled now that her employment no longer exists but she it transpires is not just grieving for him. Not only has she lost her own brother to suicide but her isolation makes it possible for her to mourn those members of her family still alive so that along with the tears she sheds for her brother Warren there are more for 'her mother, and her dead, unknowing father and her other brother, knowing once more what it is to lose love, weeping at her only-ness on the world.'
He loves creating this electronic psychedelic trance,
And our Theme-a-Licious for Januray is also to relax in the garden after the stressful holidays just gone by..and stitch on any piece with flower or garden..
Glancing at the offered chair, Barbara realized that the table would at least give her some measure of coverage, so she quickly sat down. “Why are you here?” she asked.
Time with the kids is important in rearing them
I'm enjoying my long weekend, I've been focusing on doing my own thing in part trying to suppress some worries which are inevitably hanging around.
As the south sea faces the vast enclosure at its mouth
The only version that has done OK is the only one I’m not as excited about.
love pink nail polish (I own roughly twenty bottles in
Like me, I don’t really look goth. I wear darker makeup (but not too dark), black nail polish and dark hues. Yet, I listen to goth music. I was talking to someone about music once and they start talking about The Cure, which I love. This surprises them. Then they talk about Asking Alexandria, another band I love. This WOWs them. This made me mad they didn’t “put me down as the alternative music type.”
ASSHOLE!
Now I´m getting back at LotR and have read the actual “definitive” rulebook. I was sceptic, of course, having already two other rulebooks. And for my surprise, there is stuff there that I myself implemented in my games!! I was shocked to see in the rulebook two rules I used to use on the table as “house-rules”. First, the elimination of the Courage check for isolated models. Too complicated, too out of place in a game that naturally lead itself to battles with small units, rather than individual figures. Yes, it´s a skirmish game, but there are many rules that make the small units a very enjoyable way to play, and a lot nicer to the eye and “feel” of the game. Second, the way archers can shoot from behind a friend if touching base to base. I used this rule inspired by the elegant way the system handles spears and pikes. It was amazing to see it in print, since I am not one to go around forums talking about rules.
weight: 16 lbs 1 oz (75th%)
I hope he doesn’t confiscate that book now….cos next up I want to read about how to choke a man with my bare thighs LOL!
With visitors, work & illness inspiration has been in short supply in Plum Kitchen of late, so it was great to talk to other bloggers and get some new ideas from the presenters. After a welcome intro from Alli, Andrea at d'lish talked about website design, which particularly interested me as PK is in the process of getting a makeover.
“The woman gets the ring–unless it’s an heirloom.” (Vanessa Lloyd Platt)
Out of the top 10, most of CBR's selections are superhero series. There are three exceptions, all interesting.
Multi-skirt - Goodwill
Or why even think (if He’s the all-knowing)?
Returning, resuming, I thread my way through the hospitals,
If you’re a pastor (or even if you’re not) the following links will take you to some helpful links and websites that will provide a bit of wisdom, truth and grace for your shepherding journey.
Liveris’ 36-year Dow career has spanned manufacturing, engineering, sales, marketing, and business and general management. He has spent the bulk of his career in Asia, including 14 years in Hong Kong. Key roles included general manager for the company’s operations in Thailand, and president of all Asia-Pacific operations. He began his Dow career in 1976 in Australia and has been a member of Dow’s Board of Directors since February 2004, and was named CEO in November 2004. He was elected as Chairman of the Board effective April 1, 2006.
Now Training is the original and leading provider of independent Managed Learning Services enabling clients to achieve their business goals through more effective training. Now Training has successfully outsourced training for thirteen years offering an administration service that is unbeatable on both quality and cost including both course and administration costs. Now Training provides customers with an extensive online training catalogue with courses from the top manufacturers in the industry such as IBM, Microsoft, Oracle and VMWare as well as leading providers like Hemsley Fraser, Reed and PTP. The online catalogue boasts a variety of course categories including IT Technical, Business Skills, Personal Development and Project Management. Alternatively Now Training tailor each managed learning service to match our customers' requirements and offer a price guarantee on course cost. Now Training’s service is a vendor neutral managed learning service. The team at Now Training seeks to understand each training requirement and engage an appropriate trainer or training company to tailor a course to the specific needs. Now Training maintains control of the process, each tailored course booking is treated as a small project from booking through to course delivery.
There seems to be a subtle shift in RFG's broadcasts. Though they're still focusing on laying the blame on Maurice, the attention is turning from what happened on the 19th to what could happen in the next few days. By attempting to reassure the outside world that the situation is under control and it's business as usual, they're clearly trying to head off what looks to be inevitable now. Some kind of military intervention.
Considering this situation,
Either ring your local Atos Offices, or their corporate headquarters, or why not both! Atos’s main numbers (including a handy freephone number) are:
I tried to think fast. I really needed that information but I didn't know Joseph other than from the clinic waiting area. We'd never even spoken. Then, out of nowhere, the perfect answer just came to me. I told her, "Yes."
That’s not to say that outlining is the only way to write. There are plenty of people who are gifted at just jumping in the car and knowing instinctively where to go. There are also others who set out with no destination and just sort of drive around for a while, enjoying the ride. I admire these people, but I am not one of them. I need an outline, especially when it comes to the second draft. That was my biggest mistake with Learning to Lie: I wrote draft 1 with only a basic plot idea, and I learned a lot from it, but I didn’t then stop and take the time to plan the whole series. I just planned the first one, and now I’m going to have to rewrite a large part of that one once I finally figure out where it’s going long-term.
Naturally, when Chuck returns – from the dead, so to speak – it is traumatic to both of them. Chuck drives to see Kelly at her house in the middle of the night, as the rain pours down. They both say goodbye in a heartbreaking scene, where much is left unsaid. Then, as Chuck pulls down the driveway, Kelly comes running out in the rain, calling his name. They stand in the rain, hugging and kissing. Then Kelly says:
Today we understand that our precious little planet's oceans are finite. They have proven themselves vulnerable to humankind's disregard. We are managing to pollute the oceans.
Canola or Vegetable Oil
Back to Ronnie’s case, Mary interviews his lady friend who apparently is a con artist herself and has intel on another wanted individual and is using that to try to get her out of some immigration mess. She mentions her blind spot and it again gets Mary thinking about her dad’s blind spot.
* "There's a lot to be said for making people laugh. Did you know that that's all some people have? It isn't much, but it's better than nothing in this cockeyed caravan." - John L. "Sully" Sullivan (Joel McCrea), Sullivan's Travels
Before we left, I wanted to corroborate my theory. In as polite a way as possible, I would tell them that I was a curious New York blogger and ask them where they were from. I would then return to my dining companion with evidence of my superior skills in observation.
The Clutter Diet has a blog also (http://www.clutterdietblog.com), so I will be following that too! I have no idea if the books are any good, but I will let you know.
Well, there’s no reason to re-invent the wheel. All they have to do is study how similar governments in the past executed their own citizen-defining policies. For this, there’s no better standard than the German Reich of 1933-45, which also had to identify and deal with a portion of the population whose position was no longer tenable.
“EXCELLENT JOB! Lots of support throughout the process! Great personalities and professionalism! Very responsive to our concerns during the sale – thank you!”
www.megharper.co.uk
So, electric showers already fall into the “water efficient” range, which is great for residents to know. However, at 7.5-10 kilowatts electric showers use electricity faster than any other electrical item in the home. One unit of electricity (one kilowatt hour) will power a 40 watt lightbulb for 24 hours. It would only power a 10 kW electric shower for 6 minutes. So, even with an electric shower, saving water through shorter showers will also save money.
"The tremendous activity and excitement in craft distilling has been increasing year-by-year," said Bill Owens, president of the American Distilling Institute. "Customers are looking to smaller producers for unique and more authentic spirits. Clearly, American craft distillers are only getting started, and this paper points to how far they can go.”
and say a huge yes
Cause I will be wasting my time, spending time to write shit to you, that you couldn't igve a fuck to really listen to. I have better things to do. IF YOU REALLY WANT TO LISTEN, LET ME KNOW.
4. Sleaze Factor
He was not alone in his concerns regarding the press. A 1985 Pew Research study found just over half of Americans thought the press of the day got its facts straight, and only a third felt journalists dealt fairly with all sides.
BF: “We” is a group of us who are involved in the fight to overthrow this cabal.
“In those days Peter stood up among the believers (a group numbering about a hundred and twenty) and said, “Brothers, the Scripture had to be fulfilled which the Holy Spirit spoke long ago through the mouth of David concerning Judas, who served as guide for those who arrested Jesus- he was one of our number and shared in this ministry.”…
That should do to start with. As you can maybe tell, I'm an impulse buyer and this has to stop! I've made a great start already this year and haven't spent any christmas money on random lolita related purchases. I added in the last one as, while my outfit number has grown via JSK, OP and skirts, I've only 2 pairs of socks and 1 headbow to speak of! This does not a lolita make, so it's something I'd like to work on.
7. Wear Uniform
I honestly found this rather depressing, and made me question what would become of everything I own after I die, because that's what happens when you die alone without a last will or anyone to give your things to.
In ten days.
We went to church with my parents. My dad was preaching at Gateway since they are still looking for a new pastor. Then we headed over to Josh's parents house for lunch. My parents came & it was so nice to have everyone together!! Except my brother who couldn't make it :(
Show as much cleavage as possible. Studies show that most men like cleavage. If that is the case, then show them what you got! How high you want to climb the corporate ladder should determine how much low your neckline should plunge. Women who dress in sexy attire in a professional environment are way more likely to be taken more seriously in any profession and promoted. Bottom line: If you want to get ahead, ditch the high-cut sensible top.
He hesitated but then nodded and took the spot Betsy had vacated. “It was Miss Hirsch, I believe.”
and every one has a unique look. So you like to have a special
The instumentals on this album are ridiculously excellent. Unlike the first two releases, the instrumental faire here is based on classic music from the Classical and Baroque periods.
In 2010, some 130,000 people fled Lower Kurram to take refuge in the districts of Peshawar, Kohat and Hangu in Khyber Pakhtunkwa province. Most are still unable to return due to simmering tensions in their home areas.
The second type of airlines is classified as nationals. Their annual revenues vary from 100 million USD to 1 billion USD. Many of these airlines serve extended routes in their home countries and also serve international long-haul routes.
The boy at the back is the cleverest; well that is what our correspondent tells us. He plays bells alright. Perhaps they are tubular bells - no doubt someone will post in and tell me. Lydney is in Gloucestershire, just south of the Forest of Dean. It is a pleasant part of the world and I am quite happy to be shipwrecked here for a few days whilst I take a long weekend break. I won't be away too long, but if you get bored with waiting you can always sit back in your seats and listen to the delights of the Singer Trio.
McInnis was a multiple term inmate serving a forty five (45) year sentence from Los Angeles County for three counts of robbery in the 2nd degree. He had been housed at KVSP since January 17, 2008.
She is perhaps best remembered for her role in "Tarzan and the Leopard Woman" (1946). Other films included "Arabian Nights" (1942), "Captive Wild Woman" (1943) and "The Sword of Monte Cristo" (1951).
This is how the book starts out:
BPA-FREE
Rose Geranium. A creamy, yummy moisturiser with Geranium and Palmarosa Essential Oils, made from pure plant oils, vegetable emulsifiers and a more natural preservative. It is enriched with fairly traded Ghanaian Shea Butter from a trusted source...the perfect choice for sensitive skin.
And you know what, he was right.
I am so glad that I kept praying. When it felt like a dead end, I am so glad I did not quit praying. I am so glad that through many years of tears and grief for this person, I kept praying. Sometimes I felt like God was absent. I would ask..."When I beg You to bring healing...Where are you God ?
What does this mean? Well, we’re stuck with the Wilpons for now.
How many people can say that they first met in the check out line of a Mongolian restaurant, or that they walked down the aisle to "Afternoon Delight" after they were married? If you can answer "yes" to both of those question, we have to talk because we NEED to be friends.
There’s more to you and me, too. Whose votes are you vying for? Whose opinion will you allow to determine your worth?
Again…
Brook Benton made his first network appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show. He sang his self-penned song, It’s Just A Matter of Time.
When you decide to cheat on your already gorgeous fiancée, you generally want to find someone hotter than her to fuck. Do not go slummin' to the nearest single wide trailer, and pick up a Rosie O'Donnel clone. Find some hot young, nubile blonde. (If you can find one that'll talk to you, you lying son of a bitch.)
I am quite happy and hope that this is a rather long term change and not just a temporary shift in the wind. I would like very much to do the rewrite/edit on this novel with some efficiency and be able to step from it to my other novel and the changes needed and suggested by those kind enough to beta read it for me.
Chignon: A knot or coil of hair arranged on the back of a woman’s head.
people of Lake-town and will lead his elven army against the Goblins in the Battle of Five Armies. He is also the father of famous Legolas from LORD OF THE RINGS. Pace is the star of Tarsem's THE FALL and of PUSHING DAISIES.
Wolverines: Tom Brady, Chad Henne, Mario Manningham, Brandon Minor auto/RC, Brandon Graham auto/RC
We also decide on the direction of the project; what research initiatives to pursue, which partnerships to form for the benefit of students and the project as a whole.
There was only one kid who was honest enough to say: "I don't know. Let people just do what they want to do."
His nose,
He added that they would deal harshly with any officer caught selling Tshwane Metro Police uniforms and equipment.
This is a private message I sent to a few select friends in December 2010, but in order for people to understand the reasons and purpose of this series of articles on the Survival of the White South African I think its important to throw it open to more than just a very select few.
I’ll keep this short, I’ve got a lot to do today and not a lot of time to do it in. It’s tough when you are out five weeks and don’t get much time to spend at home. That has got to change before I get burnt out.
dialogue that
Ok, so maybe I would hear all of this if I did work in a cubicle. But then it would be creepy, not sweet.
Finally, the agent asked, “Are you sure that’s the name of the town?”
64. The shortest war on record, between Britain and Zanzibar in 1896, lasted just 38 minutes.
Oh, I was jealous. I think my little brother was even more so. It wasn't fair—they got everything! And that wasn't an exaggeration. At the time, they had way more money than my family, and it seemed like every time we saw them they were waving some new toy in our faces. As a kid, it's hard not to wonder, "Why can't I have those things? Why do they get everything? Why is life so unfair?"
:: the fabrics are turquoise & white damask from JoAnn's and green/blue Russian nesting doll fabric from Denmark... that Russian nesting doll fabric has been a lot of fun ~ other projects from it have been a purple skirt, a red/pink skirt, & a red/pink tablecloth for my sewing table
VP: Schools: Claudette Edwards
San Diego Realtor Jim Klinge does a quick tour of Mitt Romney's La Jolla, CA house. Romney bought the house in 2008 for $12 million, and according to Jim the house is going to be torn down and replaced with a new 8,100 square foot home. That is smaller than the 11,062-square-foot property he initially wanted to build last summer.
In London the FRU’s are a mix of estate cars and motorcycles, normally referred to as Paramedics. There are also Cycle Response Units (CRU) in Inner London where the traffic is heaviest and there are also a number of large parks making normal road access difficult.
So where does this leave us? Simple, the love of neighbour that God commands us too, is shown through our hospitality so, I guess truly it is a theological argument, because to love God we must love our neighbours as ourselves…
“There’ll be the devil to pay.”
The snow has separated into bone-shaped islands. Blonde grasses peek out everywhere. I stop and eat my apple on a small bridge while looking out at the thawing skin of the river. I knew I was weary of the winter crust on my world, but I hadn't realized quite how much until I feel the glad leap in my heart.
An important part of any business is its relationship with local communities. As part of that, it should inform surrounding communities and local interest groups about their activities and plans. And consulting with interested parties about the potential impacts of the business and demonstrate that it has taken into consideration and amended its plans accordingly, should there be any negative consequences of its operation, is essential. As well as that, contributing to local development through sustainable employment, training and public works, all helps in developing good relationships. Any project will need to take into account how it will affect the way of life of local communities.
15And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
We only know the last sad squires rode slowly towards the sea,
–no trinity. Everyone heals themselves. Players can help others, but not enough to be a dedicated heal/tank/dps. eg. If you happen to be “tanking” at this moment, soon you’ll need to run out for a bit and let someone else tank, or you’ll die.
753 ***D-X/14/1977. “Chicago Politics After Daley.” Department of History, The University of Illinois at Chicago, Chicago Historical Society, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 468-73 (1992).)
Galadriel: We could... But I'm afraid they'll all be in bed by now.
For his part, Chaifetz says that what he really wants from the teacher and aides involved is a public apology and a willingness to take responsibility for their actions.
The media misrepresent what everyone OUTSIDE THE CONFINES OF THE WHORES OF THE MAINSTREAM PARTIES STANDS FOR.
Deschutes Brewery
We have spent the last few months, when sitting in the lounge room staring at these doors, not being able to open them due to builders working on the other side.
These boots are amazing and light. The Vibram sole is lightweight, but unlike the Five Fingers you wont feel pain wearing these. They deliver on the base or on the trail!
Now, I have a question for you.
Just the facts, such as numbers, timelines, etc.
If you feel the whole baby move, he or she is most likely head down, meaning you pushed on the baby’s bottom.
This week’s second theme was ‘Sleep’ and at first glance I thought the man in this picture had been overcome with tiredness and succumbed to a crafty ‘fortywinks’. I was pleased that I had found a picture to cover both themes in one. On closer inspection he appears to be either dead or dying, as his companion seems to be overcome with grief. In which case, I submit that it was probably Colonel Mustard with a spanner in the Library whodunnit. Don’t tell me you’ve never played Cluedo! The engraving, by Hetzel, is from the original '20,000 Leagues Under the Sea’, so make your own mind up who it is and what has happened. I resisted the urge to write a caption, but please don’t let it stop you from having a go.
Rid myself of their inept, inefficient, sight.
TODAY’S QUOTE:
communication occurs. The self must be conceived within the interdependent
Connor TH, Ward JB Jr, Legator MS. Absence of mutagenicity in the urine of autopsy service workers exposed to formaldehyde: factors influencing mutagenicity testing of urine. Int Arch Occup Environ Health 1985; 56: 225-237.
If, however, you receive real feedback from an agent that actually sparks something in you or helps you "see the light," for lack of better phrasing, I think it's definitely nice for an agent to hear that her advice was helpful, and something simple is all you need.
2) Meanwhile, we also read that it might yet be possible to construct "a protective bubble" around future spaceships so that they can "zip across the galaxy." Each ship would have space-time "bunched up in front of it and stretched out behind it."
Until then…
My coupons currently sit in a small stack on my clock radio, vaguely organized by general category. Sometimes, I weed through them and pick out the expired ones (which can then be donated to the military). Your preferred method may vary, but other folks seem to enjoy:
In Virginia, a "brain eating amoeba" has claimed a 9 year old victim. Authorities are warning people to avoid areas where it is found including: fresh water lakes, ponds, and tea party rallies.
Adornaments fiber
How gracious of God to give us all this beauty to enjoy. At my friends' Bible study the other day we were discussing how God could have chosen to put us on an asphalt planet or withheld beauty from us. But instead, look at all the color, shape, texture, scent, variety! He gave us so much beauty, so much for which to thank Him, so much to cause us to wonder and delight in Him. So much to make us want to glorify Him and enjoy Him forever!
Your house will smell delicious when you cook this. Plus, you get to talk like Humphrey Bogart and act like Peter Brady. What could be more fun?
When I dropped him off, I said "It was nice to see you again."
I was initially nervous, what if they thought I was a loser?
Here is something true, noble, right, pure, lovely, admirable, excellent and praiseworthy to think about:
Throughout his pontificate, Pope Benedict has repeatedly spoken of celibacy as a “gift.”
But the conversation didn’t end there. No, Kim Kardashian didn’t chime in. @CharaGG, however, did:
But, on to the good stuff, right? ;)
Hopes from the sincere Chinese friends were so high that when the Indian para troopers chuted down over Narain Ganj every one waived them jubilantly taking them to be Chinese coming to our aid! (via Fall of Dacca – PakTribune).
At this point you'll have removed a little bit of the top layer of the carving block, but it won't be very deep. So it's time to swap out your carving tips for a larger size and keep removing the block. You want to work in long smooth strokes for clean lines. This takes practice--so start simply and don't give up if it doesn't work well the first time.
collection of her essays and lectures that’s being published in a few days by David Fickling. I contributed an introduction, and also conducted an interview with Diana for the book just a few weeks before she died, so perhaps I’m not altogether impartial when I tell you to rush out and buy a copy. But you really
Heath Ledger, Brokeback Mountain
That’s what it feels like
They are looking for 4 designers per stamp line!
Today ?
Fact; “I set my friends on fire” is what I like; ♥
That's all I've got for now. Got a couple of book reviews coming your way, not gonna tell you what books...that would ruin the surprise!
I’ve added a new page to my blog for me to update and check. For now it only has Khan Academy goals on it, but later I will add other resources and other related goals to it. You can find it by scrolling to the top of the webpage and clicking on ‘Plan and Progress.’
In such cases we may as well
lady. God knew he could make
Here’s the reality: the Obama administration is being left something of a scorched earth. You know this already, but it might be good to see it all laid out again –
That’s when I first leafed through the book. And to my huge surprise, I saw this article listed as #1 of 500. (see below)
First of all, about 4 years ago, a friend of mine introduced me to The Grocery Game. Things were tight, money-wise and I wanted to learn about shopping with coupons. Wait, things are still tight, money-wise. In fact, they've never not been. Aren't we supposed to grow out of this phase eventually? Sigh.
We have been renting this house for 1 1/2 years and the owner decided he didn't want to own it anymore. Today it was auctioned off.
The hills I climbed during the first half of my ride truly had me tuckered out. But ask any kid, and they will attest that the best part about climbing hills is the ride back down! The ride to my car was a heck of a lot easier and faster than the first leg of my ride. With the wind to my back, and lots of hills to ride down, I felt every bit as happy as a school boy.
We had no problems finding food, in fact, we found some great little cafes where you could find the ‘delicacies of home’ rather than the more traditional ‘rice and beans’ which you can get for every meal in South and Central America. It was nice to have variety sometimes.
Executive MBA, Competitive Intelligence Specialist
We were given a choice of two rooms. They were both hilariously full of mismatched furniture that is made to look expensive but is really thrown together in sweat shops in some distant banana republic. Galadriel's nose was so bent out of shape that the ever-so-nice receptionist's smile began to crack like all of the furniture in the joint as Galadriel asked me in English, "They're both terrible. You choose." I refused to decide. There was no way I could win. At the moment she handed the receptionist her credit card, Galadriel had broken every standard of her highly evolved religious fervor for natural surroundings, simple comfort and real people. If I chose one room over the other, she would be horrified that I could have chosen any of them at all. So, I made her do it.
CLARIFICATION – THIS BLOG AND MY DEFECTION FROM LABOUR DO NOT RELATE TO EXETER LABOUR PARTY OR BEN BRADSHAW MP. I HAVE SEEN NOTHING BUT INTEGRITY FROM PEOPLE I CALL FRIENDS IN MY LOCAL LABOUR PARTY. SUGGESTION OTHERWISE IS CATEGORICALLY FALSE.
alex came over and we filled his truck with stuff for him to sell at the rose bowl next weekend.
Holder Pledges Hate Crimes Cooperation with ADL
That said if anyone knows a French Jim Carrey equivalent, I want to buy you a beer. It's not everyday such asstastic talent is mined from the rough. It deserves an honorary toast, don't you think?
I'm really feeling the bitterness today. Bitterness of not being in New Orleans celebrating. Once you've been to the city you quickly realize why so many people love it, but also why people are so disappointed when they miss a prime party-time in that city. As I sat at my desk at 8:30 this morning, sipping on a cup of coffee I found myself stewing over the fact that I wished I was sipping coffee in the French Quarter. And not just any coffee, hell this Foldgers ain't got shit on what I assume the Cafe Du Monde's coffee tastes like... [for the record I've heard it tastes like heaven, I have yet to try it!] and I should have been feasting on beignets as well. You know, to prepare my liver for the evenings mayhem.
And now William H Macy and wife, Desperate Housewives actress Felicity Huffman are to receive a rare double star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Trafficking is (often unwittingly) supported by big businesses that either buy products made by forced labor or who may even hire employees who are being trafficked (i.e., forced to turn over their earnings to middle men who “own” the workers.)
One word of advice. Stop being a doormat for that girl. If she's out too late, lock the door. Make yourself available to babysit, only if the child's mother is at work or at school and at no other time. She'll need to find a job to pay a sitter. Set some boundaries, as they say. She can treat you with respect and pitch into the household (far be it from me to dismiss the idea of communal living!) or she can leave.
I was also profoundly shocked when I eventually learned that each one of these women was married. They weren’t widows at all! The truth was that their husbands would have nothing at all to do with the church.
Date: May 13, 2010
Once we drove off the barge onto the beach at Hook Point we had to decide whether to take the inland road or try the beach route. As the tide was still fairly high I was worried about driving on the beach. HB decided to follow the other 4WDs who were heading off around the point, so we did. But we quickly faced the prospect of driving through sea water to get around large pieces of driftwood and dead trees which had washed up onto the shore.
Both Kate and Julia are in their thirties and their partner/husband are over sixty. I found the title of The Men and the Girls a touch patronising as lets face it, at thirty-something, they’re not exactly girls. The book opens with James knocking an elderly woman off his bike due to his forgetting his glasses and the darkness of the night. Instead of a sympathetic reaction from Kate, he gets scorn and it sets in motion the feeling of restlessness in Kate, the highlighting of the age difference. Her partner is someone who knocks old ladies off their bikes because he can’t see them. She’s also frustrated by James’ desire to make right with the old lady, who becomes a rather prominent part of the book, which merely seems as a vent for her feelings, an excuse and something to focus on. She’s not jealous in the romantic sense, as the lady is probably into her 80s, but she seems jealous irrationally, because she resents James going to see her and spending time with her, but she’s not particularly interested in spending time with James herself.
2008 fell a bit short of 2007, both number- and quality-wise. I blame the numbers largely on my discovery of Hulu, and all of the Joss Whedon it has to offer (and Burn Notice! Burn Notice is fantastic!). My total number of new films watched in 2008, not including TV shows or re-watches?
The perception of God that is described here is, sadly, not so far off from what many women experience today.
Today, we as a human race have accomplished that now most people live in big cities. This also means that most people are in it for themselves, just trying to pay off their rent. Most likely when it comes to survival they also are in it for themselves. So I think that all people need to follow a set of rules during apocalyptic survival:
What technocrats don't understand is the nature of truth; how to search for it, how to prove or disprove it and what to do with it. Their lack of knowledge about truth proves a significant impediment to the formation of public policy based on principle, rather than partisan political ideology.
Stamp: ODBD Frances of Assisi (sneak peak, will be released tomorrow)
It's interesting to see that a castle can get through it's history without a suggestion of intrigue or the clash of swords ringing though the centuries. The potential source of it's name is also quite interesting. The two most likely suggestions to me are that it comes from the Norse for a war badge, Kulm, and the Norse for a stone, Steinn, or from the Saxon, Kemp,e for a soldier which is very near the Norse, Kempa, meaning warrior.
I ended up not going out last night, which is fairly typical these days for a Friday. But I was kinda supposed to. But…no. There was just no way after the day (and week) that I had, that I could handle being social and going out to the bar. I could barely keep my eyes open as I was driving home from work – kept zoning out, which is not ideal on the freeway. Then I was so lightheaded from not eating, I got delirious. Eric took me to Rubio’s, thank god. But my stomach was all STRESS! FOOD! WHYYYY! Which lead me to lying in bed for the rest of the evening, drifting in and out of sleep while watching reruns of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. Alternated between freezing and sweating all night, and had crazy dreams (saving THAT for another post). And now I’ve been up since 545am, on a Saturday, because I have lost the ability to sleep in, and I am just absolutely insane.
Matthew – My nephew, age 5; wants to do everything Conner does
Quick Plot (no spoilers): After a UFO crashes, the dead begin to come back to life and eat the living. A small military-type unit in the forest seeks to defend the people in the immediate area who are still alive.
I haven't been crafting at all due to the fact that I am living in a building site! However yesterday hubby went back to work so after spending yesterday cleaning up, this morning I set about unpacking my one box of crafting materials that came back airfreight. It looks a sorry sight in the room that will one day be my craft room, but at the moment is a store room with all the wallpaper removed but not yet replastered, holes in the ceiling where the spot lights will go, wires hanging out of the ceiling and wall, cavities chased out of the walls for wires. Not pretty at all. But in the midst of all this I made a card this morning for a friend.
If you aren’t sure what to work on, please ask. The restaurant menus are looking good as are the other design projects!
Yes, that's a much simpler solution, Stan, you old fruitcake.
Mental health issues very frequently come to the attention of duty inspectors: where PCs and Sergeants need advice in lieu of training, where they hit barriers with partner organisations, where disputes exist about whether the police will or will not resource a mental health related incident and will deal with representations or complaints from other agencies or the public.
TNME.
One officer was shot but is OK.
Nancy is also the owner of two adjacent and wildly-popular restaurants in Los Angeles, Osteria Mozza and Pizzeria Mozza, which are co-owned by restaurateurs Mario Battali and Joe Bastianich. She has produced a wonderful book, The Mozza Cookbook, based on the restaurant’s dishes.
Swedenborg observed in the spiritual world, many good people suffering the long and painful process of purification before finally being led into heaven (because they had side-stepped this important issue while on earth). Sorry.
I also think it helps that these are 0% interest loans. Having no interest makes repaying the loan seem realistic. There has been negative press about micro-financing the last couple of years, mainly because of the obscenely-high interest rates charged by some other small credit lenders. I remember this 2010 article in the New York Times that had me questioning the viability of this type of lending system.
giggling.
Wishes that the day would never end.
Allegations against members of the Duke lacrosse team stemming from the party on the evening of March 13 have deeply troubled me and everyone else at this university and our surrounding city. We can’t be surprised at the outpouring of outrage. Rape is the substitution of raw power for love, brutality for tenderness, and dehumanization for intimacy. It is also the crudest assertion of inequality, a way to show that the strong are superior to the weak and can rightfully use them as the objects of their pleasure. When reports of racial abuse are added to the mix, the evil is compounded, reviving memories of the systematic racial oppression we had hoped to have left behind us.
But now that I’ve had a few days to think about what she said, in the context of not having to trade my comfortable suburban house for a homeless shelter, I have some concerns about a few of these changes.
With this Korfu woke up, having been sleeping somewhat fitfully. He looked over. When he did the chicken was on Bantum’s chest, but he had stopped moving his wings around and clucking. He was just sitting there. He gave a sudden slight tilt of his head, and then blinked twice, and tilted his head the other way… just as chickens usually do. “Cluck” he said quietly and that was all.
For all that know me know I am obsessed with Shutterfly. I have made several books, calendars, cards, etc. on there. A few years ago I decided to make a Calendar on there for my entire side of my Mom's family. Everyone loved it so now I am put in charge of making a new one every year. It is a lot of fun, but very time consuming. I love seeing that calendar on my wall every morning when I am getting ready though :)
Who can be surprised when even sex education materials in schools advise on oral sex and other sexual practices; teen-targeted magazines, clothing and popular culture are saturated by sexuality; and family life has often disintegrated into a procession of mum’s casual pick-ups and gross parental indifference, leaving young girls desperate for affection from any quarter?
I find that very threatening. Very threatening, indeed.
We have our own unique fingerprint and our own special blend of paint by which we paint the world. But like the rest of human kind you still want the same things.
That wraps up this year’s Golden Globes red carpet review at Glowing Color. If I missed your favorite celebrity, let me know in the comments!
"Hey! Remember me?"
Need to get a hair cut and a moustache trim.
See you again soon
went to the flowers instead of the bugs, and then decided, i only
“No, why?”
You have had a rough past two days though. I finally took you to the doctor Tuesday afternoon after your fever returned. It was fluctuating between 101-102 all day Monday and through the night, but went down on its own Tuesday morning. Unfortunately it returned that afternoon. The doctor said it is some sort of virus that usually lasts between 3-5 days and would clear up on it's own. Hopefully sooner than later. I hate for you to be sick on your birthday. Hopefully when Grandma and Grandpa Campbell arrive tomorrow they can cheer you up!
Learn some and think some
Art the Accidental Apostrophe.
So I quickly changed into my trusted Joe Brown Little White Dress - usually reserved for holidays - and trundled down to the beach.
Albad said the resumption was also good for Palestinian Airlines, which has seen its four-plane fleet grounded since 2005.
PL - Ploidy (Tetraploid or Diploid)
Moore isn’t endorsing 1940s machismo, but he is decrying 100-hour workweeks that many entrepreneurs fall prey to in hot pursuit of the next big thing. Though he’s been dedicated like that in the past, Moore finds it’s not sustainable in the long run.
(*The name of the town was Sing Sing, which was anglicized Munsee Algonkian. Naturally, the prison was named the Sing Sing Penitentiary. Later, the town’s residents decided they didn’t like being associated with the prison, so they changed the town name to Ossining, a somewhat different bastardization of the original name. So, of course, New York State changed the name of the prison to the Ossining Correctional Facility. If there is a moral here besides a rose is a rose is a rose is a shithole, it escapes me.)
All the teachers we had are either retired or dead, but Jack and I did see one of of our classmates, Patty Drake Wheeler, who is now a teacher there. The building, though, really hasn’t changed much and it was comforting to see it exactly the same way as I remembered it when I went here from grades 3 to 6. The tin ceilings, the century old oak flooring, and the tiny gym are like a time capsule.
Well, I just recently celebrated my one-year wedding anniversary and ever since I got married people have been badgering me as to when I am going to have kids.
Love to you all.
there staring at me. A nostalgic smile was on her lips. 'It was I who used
*Girl's Night with my girls
Tyrone Dale David Woodfork, 20, has been charged with attacking the Straits; five of Woodfork's alleged accomplices are still at large
And, if Joe falls behind in the debates, he can always bring up the fact that an anagram of "Sarah Heath Palin" is "Ha ha Alpine Trash."
Sweet Potato
The huge discovery this month is that he knows nearly all the letters of the alphabet! Not only does he recognize them (and say them whenever he sees them when we're out of the house) but he has them memorized in order. The only ones he really has trouble with now is L-M-N, the rest he knows but has trouble saying (W is particularly funny!). For now he says them with an American pronunciation, so he finishes with an exuberant "zeeeeeeeeeeeee!" I'm also afraid he thinks that "bravo!" is the last letter of the alphabet!
Mind/body treatments seek to help patients with the mental and spiritual challenges posed by cancer and try to mobilize the body’s own defenses and immune system.
If you don’t like to mingle with the common, then investment is not meant for you. You must have deftness in appealing with the masses to be able to get their sympathy and maintain a well-natured business with you. If you show how amiable you are when it comes to communicating, investors will have confidence in you and will eventually trust you.
I dreampt of feeling gorgous at that ball..
I will also argue that track and field is as popular as any other sport, and arguably more popular than soccer. After all, according to the most recent survey done by the National Federation for State High School Associations (NFHS), track and field ranks NUMBER TWO in participation among high school male athletes! That’s right #2. Only football ranks higher than track and field in terms of number of boys participating. In our wake in the top ten in order are: basketball, baseball, soccer, wrestling, cross country (!), tennis, gold, and swimming/diving. The numbers are even BETTER for girls with track and field ranking NUMBER ONE ahead of: basketball, volleyball, softball, soccer, cross country (!), tennis, swimming/diving, competitive spirit squads and golf!
Each issue of Revolutionary Reflections will provide insights and thought provoking concepts related to Trading and Investing. Over the next many issues, I will recount my personal journey towards becoming a proficient trader and investor. I believe my journey is no different than many of yours and you will all find relevant ideas you can put to use from each issue.
This contraption?
And there's a mighty judgement coming, but I may be wrong
Mainly, because I have some weird kind of electric chi going on inside of my body.
We have of course been here before – in 1911, to be precise. And before that, in 1881, when the first part (the New Testament) of the Revised Version of the Bible, intended to adapt the King James version ‘to the present state of the English language without changing the idiom and vocabulary’, and ‘to the present standard of Biblical scholarship’ was published. This was the first authoritative English translation since 1611, and was a work of international co-operation, in which American Revision Committees corresponded with their British colleagues. Among the latter were the great biblical scholars such as Tregelles, Hort, Westcott and Scrivener, whose work over previous decades in producing new editions of the Greek texts of the Bible was one of the keystones of the Revised Version. (Read more on this undertaking here.)
I whispered to her…. “YOU ARE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL AND CARING WIFE IN THIS UNIVERSE…. I REALLY LOVE YOU DEAR”
I am life itself. You have been a prisoner of a little pond,
Before I went outside
So I am sure there are a million ways to make sweet tea. Adding sugar to a cold glass of tea, however, is not one of them. This is an easy way to make good, strong, sweet tea in just a few minutes.
Akash was forced, by a religious university, to compromise his own religion. That's wrong. It's especially wrong that for the sake of some church films I, a non-Sikh, could keep a long beard where as he, who had made a promise to God not to cut his hair and beard, had not been granted an exemption.
.....even when I don't feel like it.
Odd admission: one of my first thoughts after my diagnosis (after imagining myself with a colostomy bag at 40. Cross your fingers) was oh no. Does this mean I have to start doing fundraising races? Despite knowing many wonderful people who raise money through their athletic endeavors, that has never been my bag for two reasons. 1. I don’t have the time to raise $4000. 2. The people in my life already give to good causes. I don’t have it in me to ask a friend for $20 when she is already stretched thing trying to start a school in Africa (but who isn’t these days).
And then it gets much, much worse.
I should know better than to be hurt by it.
Hi everybody!!
But that baby, however briefly it lived in my womb, made almost as much an impact on my life as if it had been born. Because if it hadn't been for that baby, for that unexpected pregnancy, I never would have thought about trying again. It made me think about having another child, opened my heart to the idea. I contemplated whether or not I could go thru all that I might have to in order to bring another precious child into our family and decided that I wanted to go for it, that I longed for another baby. If it hadn't been for losing that child I never would have tried to get pregnant with Daniel. That baby paved the way for the family that surrounds me today.
Buzzkill Man monitors the kids in the lunchroom and on the playground. He wanted us to know Lucien is horrible, always doing de betise and never listening to him or following the rules. Buzzkill Man glared and waved his arms and really seemed to feel quite strongly about the whole thing.
*1/3 cup chopped green onions (optional, I left them off in my picture because I didn’t have any)
SIMA 2011 attracted over 300 exhibitors and over 70,000 visitors.
"Being" a writer wouldn't make it on the list at all.
I am thankful for two days in a row of waking up without a headache!
Before continuing on with that thought, a crashing noise interrupted her. Arianna, having sat on only the arm of her armchair, fell to the floor. Clutching the armchair for safety, she succeeded in heaving along the chair, with her books and papers on top of her. Stunned the other girls were clueless as to what to do next, but then laughed at Arianna’s misfortune. This little accident helped Leigh push Christian out of her mind.
The Bible teaches that all believers are part of a “royal priesthood” (1 Pet. 2:9), and that there is no intermediary between man and God except for the man Christ Jesus (1 Tim. 2:5). Still, if a man aspires to be a godly husband, he will assume responsibility to oversee the spiritual condition of his wife. (Building Strong Families, p. 103)
“But rise, and stand upon thy feet; for I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and a witness both of these things which thou has seen, and of those things in which I will appear unto thee.”
During most summer holidays when I was younger, my family and I would go and pick strawberries for Christmas dinner. We spent most of the time eating them rather than picking them, and my step-father was often heard shouting “less pick, more eat!” Haha. So last weekend during our out of town getaway, my partner and I went to the Sunny Ridge Strawberry Farm. It was so much fun picking our own strawberries, and we each got to fill and take home a 500g punnet. Unfortunately we couldn’t eat them right there in the field like we used to be able to do, due to the huge signs telling us to wash them thoroughly before eating. Sigh.
My adoption was never a secret. I was always open about it with friends who would ask lots of questions and take an interest. In some ways it felt quite unique being so different to everyone else. I know that nowadays families are fragmented but I was adopted in the 1970s and ‘broken families’ weren’t as common back then.
Tools: Big Shot, elegant lines EF, Tasteful Trim Bigz die
ERMESSENDA, music by Arnau Bataller
I have started to fall
But it was needed
The movie follows the lives of two men who would on any normal day not have crossed paths. One man is a quadriplegic aristocrat who sustains an injury during while paragliding and the other is a young man from the ghetto/hood/projects.
I could not launch a public or commercial website. I just managed to launch two personal websites.
Paper: Pure Poppy, White, Simply Chartruse and Bassill
I am truly amazed at how much simpler this menu planning has made my life. We purchase a big pack of individually wrapped and ready to freeze chicken breasts from Costco and keep those in the freezer. The morning of the day we're having it for dinner I take it out to thaw and its ready by the time I need it, no more worrying about the chicken going bad, or getting freezer burn, or any of that other stuff. It also comes in really handy when I don't feel like cooking whatever is on the menu, Chicken packets are ridiculously easy to make and sooo good, I'll have to post the recipe for you guys.
By the time Gaaasp plays I have a bit of a headache. This is far too repetitive, and I’m just a bit too sick of it to be honest. It’s not a hip-hop album unless we mention Cash so then comes Cash and Carry Me Home which sounds like something else on the album. It’s all blending into one vortex now.
Suikoden Tactics (PS2)
2081.E-II/2/1999. “America After Bill Clinton.” Chicago Tribune, sec. 1, p. 10.
The walk of shame as I was marched back to the main station was awful. As I was fumbling with my clothes and limping I think that for anyone watching (by this time there were only two other people on the platform other than my drinking partner thank God) it must have looked as if I had been up to something very naugty with one man and his dog. The security guard's grin could have been read either way.
Veteran publisher, Lord Weidenfeld, has described a new chair in Israel studies at Sussex University as vital in the fight against anti-Zionism and antisemitism.
the tireless out pour of aid
How do you handle adversity? Are you a carrot, an egg, or a coffee bean?
Government has enacted laws that give it a free pass to censor our Facebook posts, listen to every Skype conversation we have, monitor our tweets or blogs or access private photographs and documents we store online, or track our location using our mobile phones or surveil all of our online activity. The campaigners want to convey to the government that they cannot use vaguely defined laws and loopholes to take away our freedom of speech and expression.
But now, as I believed you were everything,
At least A seems to like her new cloth shoes, and I managed to cut out some pants for myself (hoping they will fit...), and there is talk of a Special Weekend to make up for the disappointment of this one...
Today we also had a tragedy strike with the chicks. The girls took them outside, and while they were playing with them, someone took a wrong step and one of our Americaunas is now no more...the girls are hoping we can replace her, but we are not quite sure what we will do yet. We actually got 14 in hopes of having 12 hens in the end. We figured we would lose 1, and have a rooster...
2) What did you like most about the poem?
Bertie lay sprawled on the ground, bits of shrew blood and guts hanging limply from his bottom lip. He was looking at Reginald with a mixture of adoration and vacant wonder.
To play along, make a project using the provided sketch and upload it to your blog or online gallery. Then leave a link to your project using the linky widget at the bottom of this post.
*Coffee break again*
Pokémon Red
She also resents how her abrupt success has been interpreted as a sign that digital self-publishing is a new way to get rich quick. Sure, Hocking has got rich, quickly. But what about the nine years before she began posting her books when she wrote 17 novels and had every one rejected? And what about the hours and hours that she's spent since April 2010 dealing with technical glitches on Kindle, creating her own
*She feels her skin tingle in tension, but doesn’t see anyone.
I used to find You in broken lives and beautiful faces
The minister of police, national commissioner and divisional commissioner of crime intelligence of the Republic of South Africa have reportedly convinced the nation’s high court late Friday (29 Oct 2010) to stop the Sunday Independent newspaper from publishing information about dodgy appointments within the crime intelligence division, the periodical announced in a statement late Saturday (30 Oct 2010).
Alexander Calder
…Each one of us has different things in creation which remind us of the greatness of God. The heavens do indeed tell the splendor of God’s glory (the macro) and the earth provides the details of His creative engineering (the micro). Day after day, nature repeats this message to us like a flashing beacon; night after night nature provides the information. What matters is that we need to formulate some response to all that we see.
anyways I love you all I hope your doing well
Here are a few excerpts that tugged at my heart.
No one here is God; no one is omniscient or all-knowing; we’re all more or less in the dark; some more than others, some a bit less than others. But we’re all in the dark, living in the shadowlands. And that consideration alone ought to temper our arrogance and instead be a source of humility and openness and inquisitiveness for us.
Supply List: Journal (if your a 'fraidy cat', this can wait until your second class) Check out the one I use (on display) at the Paper Niche. If you can't wait, the spiral bound is my favorite because it opens to lay flat. I like the 7x 10 inch.
I arrived in California on July 29, 1999. I had limited ideas of where I would live and no idea what I would do. I was fortunate to be with a core group of amazing people and surrounded by many more, who made my moving all the way across country under such a scenario remarkably easy. I feel humbled and privileged and indebted to be a part of San Francisco, to me the most unique and comforting and amazing city and state I've ever been in. I can only hope to give back as much as it has given me already.
Over time I've come to believe author justification quickly turns to abject blog prostitution~But~I really like & respect her so let me try to explain where I am coming from in case some others feel exactly as she does.
They marched me to Vinh…put me in the rope trick…almost pulled my arms out of the sockets. Beat me on the head with a Little wooden rod until my eyes were swelled shut, and my unshot, unbroken hand a pulp.
A smile is the light in the window of your face that tells people you’re at home. ~Author Unknown
Ben- He is always calm and fun to be around
2. The less popular legend is that the Busó chase away the winter.
10) Creation
Did you know I have three kids under six? One of whom is brand new, so I can’t get enough sleep or enough coffee?
The boy knelt at the edge of the river and scooped a handful of water to wash the dirt off his knees. His dark hair stood on end, and his clothes were disheveled from play. But the light in his blue eyes matched the smile on his face. Today was his 7th birthday, and birthdays were always good days.
OK, I guess I can see the number one attraction with Georgia's Aquarium- a "pet project" of Bernie Marcus (co-founder of The Home Depot). While I'm not sure how I feel about aquariums and zoos (rescuing animals is one thing... holding them in captivity.... ), I will say that the aquarium is a pretty impressive site. After all, is it the world's largest aquarium.
While passing time in a store and glancing at various products, a girl struck up a conversation with me. After chatting for about an hour, we each purchased a six pack of beer and walked to her apartment in Miraflores. It wasn’t far away.
Mercilous - Country Boy
A lot of the Tim Holtz metals have been re-ordered and are now in stock along with a few that we didn't carry before. We'll always re-order Tim's products but it's hard to keep them on the shelves. Please let us know if there is something you've been looking for but don't see in the store. Chances are it's just sold out, but we'll put you first on the list when we next re-order. NOTE: We have his fragments and memo pens in for those who've been looking for them. Tim's NEW fall dies and other items are due to ship mid-September. His NEW Christmas dies and items are due to ship mid-October.
26th January 2006
2. They think they've changed the rules to make it much more difficult to earn a flight. This is a little true, but not worthy of outrage. On a dollar-for-dollar basis, it now takes 10 roundtrip flights to earn an equivalent free flight (instead of 8). Note I said "equivalent". That means you can't shuttle from Tampa to Ft. Lauderdale 8 times, then earn a free round trip to Portland, OR. You shuttle 10 times, then get your 11th shuttle (or equivalent) free.
2.Don’t cross arms and legs. Crossing your arms or legs is seen as a defensive position and is not what you want to present to your prospective employer.
