Usually it's pretty cold by now but apart from the very short icy period last week, all two days of it, it's been quite mild really. I don't think the birds are having any problems finding food right now but as we like to leave them a gift in the winter we made these today.
and I better stop or I won't have enough things to be thankful for for the rest of the month!.....
For those of you who, like me, missed the event that ran in 2009, here is a private cyber tour of the exhibition. Like all good tour guides, I am compelled to tell you the significance of this exhibit and give you a little bit of a background into the two great artists behind this event.
Dust flour over the ingredients and stir for a minute or so to cook the flour.
Holding on to the last thread of my patience, I kept mum. The supposed 2 hour lunch get-together ended by 9 in evening, the last to go were the “gatecrashers” with their invited friends; all in a drunken stupor by this time. We were wanting to end the event early so we could all gather at the hospital for the baby, the freaking scum-of-the-earth’s delayed us.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, this is it. A no holds barred, wear your heart on your sleeve, warm and fuzzy, "We are the World", if loving you is wrong I don't want to be right, It-all-ends-in-2012-Mayan Calendar Edition, RAT POETRY SLAM.
9. Wave
There was a big crowd at the funeral. Ralph had lots of friends. One of the things I loved most about Ralph is that Ralph was Ralph—and he was that all the time. He didn’t try to be somebody else. He didn’t try to be one person in front of this group, and somebody else in front of that group. He was just Ralph—unvarnished, honest, funny, a good insurance man, hard-working, hard-playing, hard-headed, a devoted friend, a devoted dad, authentic, 100% Ralph. And Ralph was a Christian too. He wasn’t the greatest Christian that ever lived. But he loved Jesus. He leaned on Jesus’ mercy and grace for his sins—of which he was deeply aware—and he grew closer and closer to Jesus in the past year (which as his pastor was a real joy to watch.) When I think of Ralph an old Bruce Carroll song comes to mind:
Unraveling incognito.
I created a School Year Survival Guide. Students can make it into a little book to give to next year's students on the first day of school or as a keepsake of the year. You can purchase it at my TpT store for $2.50.
Have a happy and safe hallowe'en, and send me pictures! I can't wait to see what you're all wearing!
I do everything in binges. I take 3 weeks between blog posts, then I post 3 all in one day. I earn money on ChaCha $10 in one day, then about $3 the rest of the week. I clean my house al in one day, then don't do much for the rest of the week. One thing I don't binge on is food, but thats just because I love to eat, so doing it all at once is not near as satisfying as grazing all day.
Should the concurrent traveling up of radon coming from the same deep down places be a concern was well? The quick answer would appear to be yes. Radon is often in such gas itself, so much so that pipes carrying gas sometimes become radioactive as a result.
A good swing requires strong, flexible muscles in your arms. To enhance arm flexibility as well as strength, do stretching exercises as well as working out. You can also aid flexibility by getting regular arm massages. Massage, in particular, keeps joints and muscles loose, and optimizes your range of motion. Yoga is another way that you can make your torso and arms more flexible, helping you achieve a smoother swing.
Shopping over the computer
Every morning I walk to work. I get up about forty-five minutes earlier than necessary, shower, dress, eat breakfast, kiss Herself goodbye, and make my way into work by foot. It only takes about twenty five minutes, but I don’t think I can start the day appropriately without doing it.
I was so excited for Esther to die, and then someone pointed out that she was possessing Rebekah. I liked that she was weakening because of Abby’s death, but that seems to have been a lie. So my beef with Esther stands.
Take the example of tropical Amerindians. With the advent of year-round farming, they started down the same path that sub-Saharan Africans were taking on the other side of the Atlantic, i.e., more reproductive autonomy for women, lower cost of polygyny for men, higher incidence of polygyny, more male-male competition for access to women, etc.
Once Kitty figures out that she hasn't flipped, she starts to wonder why a ghost should be resident in the school biology lab. When Rat-man starts haunting Kitty, finding out why and when he died becomes top priority. The mystery seems somehow tied to rich Roderick Eaton, owner of Eaton Antiques. Kitty, her gran and younger siblings rent the flat above his shop on the Portobello Road and now Eaton wants to evict them.
We’re able to see several things here which Christ is connected with: peace, grace, hope, and the ability to rejoice in times of trial. Also, the Holy Spirit, who came as a direct result of Christ’s leaving, gives us peace, love, joy, forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control (see: Galatians 5:22-23). So, in some way or another, we are able to connect our ability to be good, to be kind, or faithful, or have peace, to Christ. Alright, but, to be frank, so what?
Weather prediction sites appear to be in on the situation as if they receive transmissions stating what to tell their visitors. They are not always correct, in fact, most are off the mark by many hours sometimes missing events completely. This could be because rigged weather is in BETA, still developing, not refined enough yet to smack the mark on target, except for rain. Rain never misses, they may miss the hour it will start, but it always shows up somewhere on the designated day.
I know. It's pathetic.
66. Little Miss Sunshine (Steve Carr3ll) – All in the character development.
With me now being in my mid 20's and having my own family- now more than ever do I realise how important friends are and the roles they play in my life but as well as my children. One thing I love about being a mum is the relationships you make with others from school and preschool drop offs, meetings at supermarkets and cafe's, coffee groups etc. Being relational I think it what women do best.
She makes me smile, holds me together
3. YA voices are very ego-centric.
2 politics
1. Traffic:
Facilitating my children's interests is one of my main roles as an Unschooling parent. Making these puppets was challenging and it taught me great patience working through how to create them step-by-step. I have to say though, that I was so proud of myself that I learned this craft! I look forward to teh next puppet we create! I think I found a new interest too. I am so grateful to my children for giving me this great gift of their inspiration and zest for life! Unschooling allows us all the opportunity to do this together.
(I have to be honest, the McDonalds made me feel a little nauseous), then met the taxi for the ride back to the hotel. I had gotten an email letting me know the bike, which was supposed to have flown out on Thursday (the 29th) was now more likely to fly out on the 3rd of January. The original arrival date had been Sunday the 1st, but now was “I am not sure.” Either way I had already bought my ticket and decided to trust DHL knew what they were doing.
I was given some interesting new plants by my buddy Andrea, who works at an organic farm. She gave me some lemongrass, epazote, chervil, some smudging herbs which I can't remember the name of, and some dragonhead, which was a very cool, spiky purple flowering herb which makes a lovely tea. The epazote was an interesting looking plant, and though I love to smell the odor of turpentine, I am less inclined to ingest it. This Mexican native herb spells very pungently like the turps, so I just let it grow on. It made lots of seeds and some have already sprouted up next to the mother plants so I will no doubt get a second chance to inspect it next Spring. Let me know if you have played around with epazote in the kitchen and have some ideas for me.
Tom Waits: Bad as Me - any time Tom Waits has a new album, I'm in. This is a solid album, though like Beck's recent album, "Modern Guilt" which, for the first (or at worst second) was a Beck album that sounded like a beck album (that is, which revisited places Beck had been before rather than looking somewhere new), this is a Tom Waits album that sounds like a Tom Waits album, rather than an album of Tom Waits going somewhere new. That said, this is a lean, taut Tom Waits album that demonstrates the kind of curt brevity required by the MP3 downloading "skip" generation.
There’s no denying that 99% is an extremely high volume of keywords to be ranking for and this is a very interesting study to highlight Wikipedia’s dominance.
The cruise was something that had to wait.
Widely regarded as playwright Brian Friel’s masterpiece, Dancing at Lughnasa is a memory play about five unmarried sisters eking out their lives in a small Irish village. Quotidian Theatre Company’s production of this drama is directed by Craig Allen Mummey and features David Dubov, Rebecca Ellis, Doug Krehbel, Steve LaRocque, Leah Mazade, Stephanie Mumford, Laura Russell, and Alyssa Sanders.
The result is Project Compassion — 800 portraits of the fallen by Kaziah herself, and 2500 in total from a group of artists she’s gathered to give something precious back to every American family whose loved one has given the last full measure of devotion. With every portrait she sends out, she’s bringing an American soldier killed in Iraq and Afghanistan back home again.
A later line, “we’ll have to learn from all our big mistakes” rings true today for sure.
After all of this I spent a lot of time alone and I enjoyed it. I was the only child for many years and even now, I cherish my moments of solitude. In addition to me getting closer to Christ, being alone helped me become more independent and efficient with my time management. It didn’t take long though for me to become curious about the rest of the members of the Body of Christ. Right before I left for Europe God led me to write an email to a woman and share my testimony with her. I had only viewed articles on her blog and I will admit, I was inspired and encouraged after reading her posts but I had no intention of contacting her. I thought this lady would think that I was a weirdo, randomly emailing her. But it was about 4 am one morning and I was unable to sleep. When I asked God to allow me to sleep all I had a mind to do was email this woman and so I did. I emailed her, writing everything God put on my heart and I sent it and guess what? I was able to sleep! In summary, that was the beginning of an encouraging friendship in the Lord. Although our communication up to this point has been merely electronic, God has used each of us in a unique way. We are at two different places in our walks with Him and for that very reason we are able to offer different, but still righteous, perspectives. I am so glad that I took heed to the leading of the Holy Spirit because I feel like I have truly gained a new Sister in Christ and it was at a perfect time because I was worried about finding fellowship here in Europe. Proverbs 27:17 (KJV): “Iron sharpeneth iron; so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend.” God was beginning to show me that He can and desires to put us in contact with the body of Christ in ways that we think would never be effective. When will we realize that His ways aren’t like our ways and that His thoughts aren’t like our thoughts (Isaiah 55:8-9)?
Type your message or idea into your HTML editor or copy and paste it from your text editor. Design your page and make it simple. After you, finish your work, save your file into specific folder. When designing your page, consider creating your file in single page or multiple pages that link to each other like website. If you new to website design, better you design it in single page.
Yesterday I was perusing a realtor's site and saw that there was ANOTHER listing for the townhouse complex we had initially been looking at-- but it WASN'T run down and it WASN'T a short sale! & it is single level! And two outdoor spaces! And everything I neeeeeeed!
(Land after kenn'd on Carrick shore;
Note – my preserved meyer lemons? I made them, following the general guidelines from a recipe on the Food Wishes blog…
Oh no, please no, don’t let the curtain fall
Bradford M.P., Max Madden, described Judge Pickles as a "repulsive old buffer" who had "plumbed the depths by his remarks which will cause widespread offence to people of all races and nationalities"/ Liaqat Hussain of the Bradford Council for Mosques called for Judge Pickles to be prosecuted under the Race Relations Act.
As I was surveying this AM, I was drawn to Ruth for our next section together. The book communicates abundant truth about the heart and provision of God…as well as shining a light on the human experience.
To spread the word, Growing in Grace put up billboards in Toronto this week featuring Mr. de Jesus.
So let’s continue building our preparedness. Here’s what you can do now to add to your preparedness kit:
Children in school will have to take a class – or have the subject mentioned at least 10 times per month that bras cause breast cancer, and the saggy boob is beautiful. (While all the breasts in Health and Human Services are held with push-up quality.)
Yes. It is official, I have planted the garden for the year.
Smoking a Woodbine, darning dirty socks,
Saturday, April 7
If the people who I don't have details for, but who made the top ten, don't get back to me by wednesday with their details, I will move down the list and offer the book to someone else. So if you didn't get in on time, don't despair yet... :)
We set off this morning, and were soon heading down the Red Bull flight. At one of the locks were was a pile of flowers, soccer scarves, etc. Apparently a 19year old Stoke fan had tried to jump the lock with fatal consequences back in December. As much as people want to pay their respects, this laying of flowers and artefacts is spreading and in this case how long is it before it all ends up in the lock and around someone's prop?
Civil servants in Castilla La Mancha walked out to protest against wage cuts of up to 8 percent.
Now let's see what inspiration the design team has created for you this time!
I knew I had made the right decision, and that I was guided by the Lord’s hand. I may attend the new study of Isaiah which will start in September just to see how the lessons are put together.
I took several pictures of the water lilies on Saturday. Surprisingly, I didn’t get eaten, b/c that would just suck.
I like to think of myself as very individualistic, but have wisely decided that we all need each other.
Pink HST quilt - started 6 yrs ago. Waiting for inspiration
To see more swatches of the face products and nail polish, visit Charleston Girl from BestThingsInBeauty.
So when I see someone who has put in the hard yards, blood, sweat and tears and achieve what they set out to achieve it is the greatest feeling – I can empathise with them. So many barriers are overcome when you achieve something you may not have believed you could – to prove yourself completely wrong – that is the joys of my job – being witness to people achieving many a great things.
Now, for me, it’s back to my writing and normal blogging agenda.
“The trouble with the laws these days is that criminals know their rights better than their wrongs.”
While the Boys Are Away
Lasagna Bolognese
One exciting thing did happen to me today. I found three stray kittens hanging around in my driveway with their mother. The mother is a cat that has been periodically sitting under the car. I took pictures because they were so cute, but I don’t think the pictures do them justice. I kind of wished I could adopt them as pets, but I can’t have pets. Also, perhaps the mother would prefer not to be a pet because she’s used to being a stray. I’m not taking her kittens from her. I wonder if I’ll be seeing them around.
I've been distant for a while...not just from the blogging world, but from a lot of different things, for a lot of different reasons.
kick someone’s ass, even in death.
You are!
Thanks for taking a peek!
Today, we toured the Vatican, which is a massive site, but too overcrowded to fully enjoy. Pictured is St. Peter's Basilica that's part of Vatican City.
Most of my holiday was spent on the beach, it never seamed to rain in those days. I’m on the right, checking my shrimp net, Peter, the boy looking into the camera lived next door to my grandparents and was my ‘boyfriend’. Janet to his right, and her sister Phillipa to my right emigrated to Australia. I wonder where they all are now?
Yesterday during the final workshop of the CW course I've been running, we looked at Orwell's Rules for Writing and worked on making lists of our own. And this morning, while clicking and drinking tea, I found Elmore Leonard's Rules which I wish I'd found a few days ago so I'd been able to take them to the workshop.
In fact, for any unbiased outside observer it became clear a long time ago that the real purpose of the whole U.S. activity around Iran is not aimed at diverting any kind of threat, either nuclear or missile. The real purpose is regime change. And this explains both the U.S.’ desire to overthrow Iran’s last remaining ally – the Assad regime in Syria – and the close relationship with the Gulf monarchies.
This morning I ran 6.252 miles in 51:03 on the treadmill. I started with a nice pace and eventually picked it up towards the end in hopes to ensure I had not lost too much conditioning during my break.
If the Tories do badly tomorrow night then the first ones they will blame will be us in UKIP – it’s always our fault when they lose elections. They won’t blame the other parties standing against them, but for some strange reason they seem to think that UKIP should not oppose them, I don’t know why as we are not the same. They belong to a pro-EU party that has lost its way; we in UKIP are in an anti-EU party that is very focussed, we are not an extension of the Conservative Party, the Labour Party nor any other political party, we are UKIP and are now set on making our mark on British politics, although we will try not to mark the sports all floor.
4.Close and simmer and cook for 10 mins.then open and season with half spoon of olive oil for the flavour.
“It’s a big plan, it’s a big idea, we shouldn’t cut deals like this in a back room,” he said. “We should do it in public, with committee hearings, and amendments…instead of rushing something through in 48 hours which will completely remake all of these plans in government.”
The Russian speaker gave the strangest presentation. He had a girl stand next to him at the podium, a young blond with a big smile, and her job was to press the button for the next slide. Never mind that his hand was closer to the keyboard than she was, or that he had to interrupt himself to say 'next slide please' every time. Then there was his talk itself. He would go a minute or two without changing the slide, speaking in a very heavy accent, but the slides didn't contain anything to help us understand what was going on. There were no diagrams or explanations, just naked graphs of data that must have been explained in the flow of words, but who could follow? At one point a chart said that 107 % of the cells were dead. Wow! They're good, these Russian scientists!
pearls from Kort&Godt
and the rest is just for some added JOY!!
(And, yeah, there's a Don't Try This At Home, Kids! warning toward the end, but seriously, you should totally try this at home. Ok, I don't mean you should train your peers to shun someone, but if you're having trouble getting your kids to focus on their homework or you want your boyfriend to take out the trash, then you should definitely try applying some dog training techniques. It works.)
It's not the prettiest town in the world. Not without its charms, to be sure - though the cafe we stopped in wasn't really one of them. Possibly the only place left in France where people are allowed to smoke inside (fine enforcement clearly isn't a priority in Roubaix), and run by a very nice woman who nonetheless looked like a meth addict. Still, they served coffee, which was all we needed. They even served it twice, when I knocked the first lot all over the table, the floor, and myself. Who knew there was so much liquid in an expresso?
VERY EXCITING! We had such a fun time with all of you. We look forward to our next giveaway in the coming months! We also have a few other giveaways in the pipeline with other handmade artists, stay tuned! In the meantime be happy, be free and be golden!~
Throughout all this McManus did not succumb to the temptation to become a paid political consultant which would have been much more lucrative, as did some of his former allies such as Dick Morris and Richard Dresdner. Beginning in the 1980’s Morris set up a political consulting firm which worked for both Democrats and Republicans and later primarily Republicans. In 1996 he returned to Democrats when he became Bill Clinton’s primary reelection strategist after the disastrous 1994 midterm elections. Simultaneously his former partner and West Side kid Richard Dresdner secretly represented Russian President Boris Yeltsin in his reelection campaign.
I’ve never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful. ~Author Unknown
2) Few brands of soy sauce gives salty taste, so after adding soy sauce, add salt as per your taste.
How bad a state are the cajas in?
Do women do it differently than men? A couple things come to mind.
droplets patter on the sill
It is an amazing thing to be married to your best friend. He knows every flaw ingrained in my being and is able to love me more each day. I thought I couldn't love him more seven years ago, and then I watched him become the most amazing father.. and my love only deepened.
The ink was wet and splotchy (I don't think wax paper is made for printers), so I had to be very careful when I went to line up and place the paper on the box.
NOW FOR THE CHALLENGES:
Lightning McQueen (Wilson) makes a triumphant return home after winning his fourth Piston Cup, marking him as one of the all-time NASCAR greats. He is happy to hang out with his best friend Tow Mater (Larry the Cable Guy) and his girlfriend Sally (Hunt) when he receives word that a former oil billionaire gone alternative fuel-happy, Sir Miles Axelrod (Izzard) is putting together a World Grand Prix, a series of three races around the world (two of them in Europe, one in Asia – none in North America which seemed to be bending a bit backwards not to make this one as overly American as the first Cars) showcasing his new alternative fuel Alinol.
4. They love a good time. I yet again am not talking about prostitutes. Chinese men love to drink and be around friends right up until they start puking on the street or peeing in restaurants or vice versa. They yell and argue and even physically fight and it all comes out with no hard feeling (most of the time.)
Someone once told me that they were trying to figure me out by reading my blog. At the time I thought that was a silly statement, but after giving it some thought, it seems that statement is just stupid.
It's winner time, and definitely quality not quantity this time round! Everyone used Lyn's sketch beautifully, well done on that and thank you for playing along.
Ivy, blossom, magnolia, hyacinths, grape hyacinths are here along with others whose names I won't bore you with, which is my way of saying that I can't remember what they are all called. Who cares if they don't last long, ephemera has its own very special charm.
2010.07.30 Afghanistan Kunduz 3 19 Children are among the casualites when a suicide bomber detonates at a soccer game.
When confronted with bad and unjust laws, we have a moral duty to disobey them, so that these laws will be reformed or abolished.
And with it, a bit of a policy change.
They can also find it difficult to use or understand facial expressions or tone of voice; jokes and sarcasm; common phrases and sayings that cannot be taken literally, for example: ‘it’s cool’.
i love easy.
“Australians have to pay for it. It’s the fundamental point and I expect if the Government is going to claim that it is proceeding with the National Disability Insurance Scheme it will tell Australians how it’s going to pay for it.”
Dr. Grob talks about Ayahuasca, Hallucinogens, Autism, bipolar disorder, patients with terminal cancer, alcoholism, drug dependencies, tribes experiences, coca, indigenous wisdom, occidental science, nature, Amazon, human emotions.
Okay so here goes:
11. Porch
And forebear this tempting candle's burning
After weeks of tests here in Addenbrookes, I had a procedure yesterday (colonoscopy) They had found a suspected narrowing in my bowel and thought that if they opened that out, the other symptoms might just fade away.
My own children's library program *came into my life* not much longer after that declaration to the Universe.
34 some
12. Remove all cellphones, facebook pages etc. Be firm, don’t give into emotional blackmail. They might say they hate you, underneath they’ll appreciate the break. But have their friends around more often. Have homework dates for older children. Play board games rather than computer games. Put the time in, but be childish – pull pranks, trick them, have them on. For older children, including teens, pull out their old lego and dolls and see what happens.
A veil of moonlight on her lovely face...
Among my skimming swallows;
Symptoms include body lice infestation. But recently a lot of parents who you and I began to question merely what exactly is it that we are rubbing the head of our family! lice will infect hair on the head. A lot are surprised that vinegar can be utilised to get rid of lice. Head lice transfer simply over direct person to person contact. Combine at least 15 drops of tea tree oil in a shampoo bottle.
I'm feeling a bit down today. My vacation is over and even though I still feel refreshed, there's just something about coming back home that puts things into perspective. I promised myself 2011 would be an awesome year, and that's what I intend to have happen! For starters, regardless if you're feeling down sometimes, treating others with kindness is the best way to get some lovin' back in return...
The readers must think intelligently: Which of the following poses a more serious threat to the security of a nation?
FENNEL POLLEN DUSTED MUSCOVY DUCK BREAST – 36.00
We’ve already helped you understand the basics of proper water balance for your pool (You can read more about that here.) Now we want you to know your chemicals!
“Yeah. Like that.”
Some people want to let them come. Black and liberal groups complained bitterly last year about a New Year’s Eve operation that sent back 400 Haitian boat people. U.S. Rep. Connie Meek (D-Fl) led a group of black protesters waving placards saying “Equal Justice for Haitians,” and demanding the 400 be allowed to “stay.” They want to give Haitians the same rights as Cubans fleeing communism, so that if they set foot in the U.S. they will be let in.
God - please save us from the political hacks who are now in charge of this idiocy!!
If one baby was born to MLA, another to an auto driver, another to a professor, another to a prostitute, another to an engineer, another to a doctor, yet another to a butcher, another to an army major, another to a police chief, yet another to a priest and so on and so forth then the development and evolution of these babies (male of female) will predominantly depend on the socio-economic-cultural backgrounds in to which they are born and in which they are raised. In general an MLA son will end up as an MLA and so on and so forth. The only thing that can change this process is if the child decides to pursue a particular path of his liking and puts his whole hearted efforts. For example say the auto rickshaw driver son want to become IAS and pursues in that line and becomes an IAS officer then that will be exception (with or with out the support of parents). Here the FREE WILL of the individual that takes him on the path of his development. Every individual is born with a will, free will to pursue what ever he wants to pursue but this will is constrained by the family in to which he was born and this choice of family is also predefined by the one who is taking birth. By such birth only the jiva the soul will complete the karma and its effects according to the theory of reincarnation. Often the destiny of children is shaped by parents will or social will that is reinforced on him. The natal charts indicate tendencies of the individual along with actionable thought processes. If the parents were sympathetic to these actionable thought process then the individual becomes what ever he wanted to become (good or bad). If not conflict results and in many cases negative actionable thought processes will be reinforced. By understanding the negative socially unacceptable actionable thought process we can reduce them. As we cannot read the thoughts there should be a way/indicators to point in the general direction of such thought process. It is like searching for the clues for the next kill of the serial killer what ever helps should be used.
By now you will have assembled the bias skirt and the lace bodice, so it is time to sew them together! Place the bodice inside the skirt with their right sides together - you will notice a double notch at the centre backs, so line them up:
This position requires a person with energy, creativity, a person dedicated to helping women develop the skills they need to lead a successful life and a person interested in promoting the growth and well-being of others and of the community and a person who is willing to embrace and model the values of DeNevuille Learning Center/House of the Good Shepherd of Memphis.
OP/DECREE PIUS XII/LOMBARDIVIS 091223 (660)
I read in the NY Times if you ever want an upgrade to first class, you’d better be wearing a suit and tie. I like the freedom people have to dress comfortably while traveling. Travel brings hassle enough without having to be constricted in your clothing. Flip flops, people glued to their cells, cleanly shaved or not. Makes for great people watching.
He doesn't write much about the US, but we wanted to highlight his bullish commentary...
What do you think? Has Samsung gone too far with its anti-Apple marketing pitch?
I don’t know if that means BioDiversiTree will now also serve as a healing tree, or if healing is just one aspect of its purpose. For me as an artist, it’s interesting to be involved in the creative process and experience the tree’s evolution through interaction with the public.
For curtains, we used an overscale blue paisley by Schumacher and throughout the house we used a combination of bright blues & greens. This project was particularly special for us to work on for a number of reasons and the "big reveal" had me teary... I want to thank my clients so much for letting us into your home & your lives.
Then I read about St. Jane Frances de Chantal (1572) as Mr. Blunt writes, " But of all Christian mothers, there is none so strikingly human and at the same time so thoroughly spiritual, as the great wife and mother, a women who lived on earth and in heave at one and the same time." Can I say, Wow.. again!
No need to try and find this one as a cd release.
Usama bin Laden has died a peaceful death due to an untreated lung complication, the Pakistan Observer reported, citing a Taliban leader who allegedly attended the funeral of the Al Qaeda leader.
However, there are some ground rules, which I, over the course of the past few days of gadding about the film festival, have seen broken. So, let's have a brief rundown, mmkay?
In other words, even though you’re the one asking Our Heavenly Father
Pre-made large holiday tags: I think they're Basic Gray but if I'm wrong let me know and I'll correct the post. They came on a sheet of 8 and it's not marked.
But then people started to get sick. Some people broke out in horrible welts that covered their entire body, others always felt sick to their stomachs, some got dizzy easily or suffered excruciating headaches. Some people even died right after they ate their dinner or right after a healthful walk.
First of all, check out my new fall/winter layout! I wanted something that would reflect both the changing of the seasons (theoretically, at least- today was in the high 70s and mostly sunny. I wish fall would hurry itself up!) and the new direction I'm taking my blog in, which is away from solely lolita and into other alternative fashions. This layout is more mature and earthy and I think it suits my personality, blogging style, and aesthetic much more than the last one! The photograph in the header is by Nina Lin, an incredibly talented friend of mine from New York. What do you guys think? I have a few more changes in the works for it, too, but those will come over the next few weeks.
I've never been a big Black Friday shopper (only managed to really go once and it wasn't my thing). So I was extremely happy to just sit at home decorating the house with Christmas tunes in the background. And I still managed to get some great deals for gifts because I did a lot of my shopping this year online.
"I'm so sorry, Robert." Cassandra began to cough violently. It was a very realistic-sounding cough. David couldn’t help but be impressed.
Scott Hamilton / Blackbirding - The Law of Equivalence - The Parachutist - Five Dreams - Osip - Invitation to a Stoning / 24
Steve Rogers/Captian America - Vanilla sky/ Labrat Time traveller:
“Wow, that was a delicious ham sandwich, but it made my knees hurt like a mother-shit.”
Nadia Ali, I am a fan, keep doing what you do!
Agricultural collectivization was even more extensive than the collectivization of industry, largely because most of Spain's workers were still farmers. While the collectivization was viewed as dangerous and harmful by small- and medium-level farmers (and, obviously, the owners of large landholdings), the majority of landless peasants welcomed the change. Historian Burnett Bolloten describes the process of rural collectivization:
Maybe that's why workout is called work OUT, maybe it's meant to be done outdoors. :P When I work out in the gym I feel like air is gonna run out like there isn't enough oxygen in the room. When we worked out at Terra 28, I experienced how it feels like to breathe in an unlimited supply of air with less sweat vapors in it. :P
The challenge this week at Inspiration Avenue was the "Days of the Week". It was fun to see the day of the week each person was born on and the submission they created with reflection on that day according to the days of the week nursery rhyme. We had 16 fabulous entries and her are the results beginning with Monday.
from the base of your old dresser.
play a tune I know
The earthquake and tsunami that devastated the east coast of Japan almost a year ago exposed the serious failures in the system for regulating nuclear reactors and for protecting people from nuclear accidents.
Azmarie was among the top contender on America’s Next Top Model and had a great chance to make it to the top. Not only did she scored Top photo two weeks in a row she was also seen as the biggest threat in the competition by her peers. On another note, the fashion industry is always on the look out for something new and fresh and AzMarie was just the right person for them. If you know Andrej Pejic, than you would know how much he has raised the bar by making an androgynous model become the latest addiction on the runaway.
Batter
The purity of sterling silvery refers to 92.5% of conductor in the alloy. In ordering to reassert the status, the conductor itself has to be conveyed to a workplace to be tested. Yet, most of the sterling decoration jewelry produced today has a "925" impression to inform the credibleness of the jewellery. Though there are cases where stamps are imitative and the alloy is either not achromatic or the innocence is not as expressed, they are rattling thin.
‘We want the correct Islam, not the Islam of politics,’ Ms Gailani said.
He was more cautious on the way up to the door, calculating each step in order to save himself more trouble; or embarrassment. The glass on the doors was covered in old decorations of reindeer, snowmen, and Santa Claus. All of them with giant smiles which deceived what lay beyond these doors. He could hear a muted Bing Crosby inside, extolling the wonders of the happiest season of all. He sighed heavily and opened the door.
There is no wonder in that we tire, the constant battle leaves no time for laurels. We must settle for our scars and scraps. But through that, are we not the truest of warriors? Those that sign on for the fight alone express the purest, most divine, of our guild. And what shall we do when we tire? Return to the fields, the dwellings, the people we defend and advance, and take comfort in them, knowing they surely need us.
"He came out to see me in the cage because I belonged to him. I was like a new racehorse he still found interesting enough to visit at night, when the others were asleep. He sat there cross-legged on the wet ground, unmindful of the light rain which was falling on him. It wasn't enough to extinguish his cigar, but it was enough to keep my ruined back waterlogged; enough to make me think my bones were made of cold pewter."
The weather has been brilliant the past couple of days and its (almost) like summer is round the corner. I saw the first few daffodils outside my apartment today and almost jumped up in joy. Even if its not bright and sunny, the temperature sure is in double digits and the winds are bearable. Anything to not go out in layers of clothing is a big relief for me. That said, I'm pretty bummed I couldn't wear my uber cool Coccinelle gloves enough.
She goes over the basics like telling the left fan veil from the right, (although I think I've heard that some bellydancers dance with two right handed fan veils and manage to work them?) and how to keep the fan open whilst dancing and how to flick it open or closed.
Anything you want you can make it yours
Oh I know I should have been better prepared. I should have planned in advance. I should have, but I didn’t. Then I took Nurse Meme day off and flounced around all day and got nothing done. Well nothing except went to Wal*Mart. That brings me to another side track. I believe we need more rules in this country. One of which is if you are going to make me pick dog poop up off of your dirt then you should be made to pick your child’s poop up off the Wal*Mart bathroom floor. I think that is a good rule.
Stay tuned for more fun giveaways!
Week 20 - Apr 7th - Jebba - Franken mani
I “Googled” ‘fasting and prayer’ and found these sites and articles. There were others, if you would care to look further.
"There's now a whole new sense of freedom in the publishing world because of Booktango. Authors finally have the choice to publish on their own terms, knowing they are earning the highest dollar amount per e-book sold. It's truly the best time in history to be an author," continued Bass.
The Giant Insects
I find it awesome that people actually like my blog! I think a lot of bloggers really wonder if anyone will find what they say to be interesting (otherwise why would we blog right?) Well not exactly! I blog because it helps me along my weight loss journey and I hope that in helping me maybe I can help others not feel as lonely as I have in the past! So here I go! So the rules of the award are to give 26 facts about myself (in alphabetical order) and to give the award to other blogs (cuz paying it forward is where it’s at).
My memory is failing me more than ever, I have to write everything down and put the most trivial things in my diary. I even went to a Cafe with the mothers walking group and didn't realise til I go home that I forgot to pay for my Scones and drink, oops. Jamie dropped in the following day to pay for me.
Given the sound and the ease with which the barge extracted from the dock, I was surprised that Rebel has not more than 7200 hp. Notice Nathan E. Stewart with potable water barge Aqua passing on the far side of KVK, and a
Combine sugar and butter.
Rick Derringer - slide guitar on "Show Biz Kids"
Q: “What is the difference between a musician and a pizza?”
Lots of my American friends seem to be hosting or attending Super Bowl parties and I have a few friends here who will be staying up late to watch it. I have to admit to never having watched a single game of American Football , the helmets always make me worry about the risk of injury.
But what I had never noticed before was how the reporter referred to her. Not as Mrs. Anne Morrow Lindbergh, or Mrs. Anne Lindbergh, or whatever. They simply referred to her as "Mrs. Charles A. Lindbergh". Her husbands name.
Then again in early May I pointed once more to the same indicator and suggested that we were about to see have another market top. This time the market reached a peak immediately.
So what now? Well, he doesn’t want to talk to me. We exchanged a few texts but that’s it. He says he needs time without talking to me because it upsets him too much.
3) Rick Santorum: 10.3% (7 votes)
OG: 1.048
Every shadow laid bare
125g butter, room temp
Ranthambore National Park is one of the most famous and suitable especially for wild life photography not only in India but in world. Ranthambore National park offers you an opportunity to visit various interesting spots. You can easily capture the photograph of tiger and the various other animals in different moments and in their different mood. Apart from spotting out the different animals of the park, tourists get the opportunity to visit various other places in Ranthambore to visit. Some of the unique places of Ranthabore are Jogi Mahal, which is famous as a unique forest guesthouse and the different beautiful species of fauna and flora which offers you a worth feeling. Some of the important places to see in Ranthambore are Ranthambore fort, Raj Bagh Ruins, Bakula, Lakarda and Anantpura, Padam Talao, Bakaula, Kachida valley, Rajabagh Talao and many others. Each of these places is having its own importance and the tourist will get the opportunity to spend some marvelous moments of their life amidst these important places of Ranthambore.
Malaysia bought two Scorpene submarines from DCNS for about US$1 billion and leased a third from a DCNS subsidiary for training. Of that, the €114 commission was paid to Razak Baginda’s company, Perimekar Sdn Bhd.
I used the new Clearly Sentimental About Anniversaries set, which is this month's Triple Scoop set. That means it's FREE with a qualifying $60 order (just be sure to add it to your cart).
My brother Tommy also left this life before I was ready. I've written about him several times before. The labels are Tom, Tommy, and Brother. I still miss him. Some days it hurts to think about him. Most days I have peace because I believe he is with others I love, just out of sight, in that spiritual world we cannot see with our human eyes.
“As a black man on the right?”
Inside his book bag, deputies said, they found 18 more pages with names, Social Security numbers and dates of births inside a newspaper. They found a total of 221 names.
that smile,
2. My U.S. passport displayed numerous trips to Jordan, Egypt, and Israel. My Canadian passport was two weeks old. Getting a new passport is an easy way of erasing the evidence of previous travel.
I am unshowered, unfocused, and sitting next to the front door peering through the shutters for the mailman. I think I look insane. If I look how I feel, then I look insane. I'm staying up very late nights trying to get work done since so many of my daytime hours have been spend on the dossier. We are all very tired.
I Am Birthing
~Be encouraged
And, last but not least...Terri and I are putting together plans for a summer event - so stay tuned for details - it'll be an afternoon of old fashioned vintage fun...junk, jewelry, furniture, food and MORE!
It would replace other welfare programs that are at this stage highly ineffective and extensively limited. Thus the “amount” that one receive with “BIG” should ensure them a high standard of living and stop with the bull-shit of giving just enough money to keep one afloat and alive but really offering no means to actually empower themselves within the system – Yes we require a massive correction of our current system so that we actually create a System where ALL beings here are fully functional and participating and enjoying life. Our current welfare/social security system is like a Snake that Constrict its inhabitants, Just barely keeping them alive, completely defenceless, no room to expand, where one fear to even breathe the wrong way as with each breath the life is slowly squeezed out. So just remember not to breathe – And you will be Fine
i got this slip last year from urban outfitters, in tucson, arizona.
Hemingway says the group will continue to work with legislators to toughen up animal cruelty laws in Idaho, and may take another try at a ballot initiative for 2014. She says the wording will likely be changed before taking it to the public. And next time around the group will seek financial backing. This latest effort was done with volunteers.
Can I trade this in for a new body?
This time, the wisdom of God finally transcends the Law, which was only ever a stop-gap “until the Seed to whom the promise referred had come” (Gal 3:19).
Mobile – Ericsson CEO at AGM “Our market share for mobile infrastructure has increased from 32 to 38%. Twice as big as the no 2 player in the market”. “40% of all mobile traffic runs through our networks and 50% of all traffic from smart phones.” CEO Hans Vestberg at AGM “We have a 43% market share in the 100 largest cities in the world”.
Peter is one of my least favorite typical colors of horses (medium colored nondescript bay with no markings) but he's got a cute face and I bet he'll get a nicer coat once he gets some good food and grooming in him.
order to buy into my opinion that it’s the worst ever, you have to first accept that my primary premise is correct.. that the movie is, in fact, bad. So I’ll assume we agree on that point. Or at least that I swayed you. Hooray!
I expected a great last episode and it’s exactly that I got. To be honest though, I only shed a single tear and that was when I re-watched the last scene. The reason is being that the ending has been rather predictable, plot-wise that is. The execution has been great with only a few hiccups here and there. Great ending for a great series, surely one that deserves to not be forgotten.
…or maybe this whole thing was a set up!
Preach my gospel- studying each day with companion
Bansi lives in modern day London. The only child of an Irish father and British Asian mother, she has no idea that her parents are descended from two different lines of faery royalty, or that their bloodlines, combined in her, offer certain dark powers the long-awaited opportunity to fulfill a dread and fateful prophecy. On a visit to Ireland to stay with Granny O'Hara, Bansi is befriended by a brownie, Pogo, and Tam, a shapeshifter. They are the representatives of a small band of faery folk who are trying to keep the power Bansi represents out of the hands of the Lord of the Dark Sidhe. But the rebels are few and weak, and soon Bansi and her new friends are facing overwhelming odds.
Scroll Down for a Freebie Printable Hybrid Card Set..
All our designs are created by hand and then carefully transformed into clear stamps, papers and embellishments for you to enjoy.
The Gift-Giver actually went as far as to pantomime a nervous swallow. Rel resisted the temptation to call her out on the bad taste of the gesture. She couldn't really think he was fooled. She said, "The Sherim we were in last night is in Dora's head."
I would definitely make this again. I may put some raspberries on and maybe some powered sugar.
Sunspots often travel in pairs and are darker than the surrounding area because they are slightly cooler, which makes them less luminous.
…on me.
*Please Check Ratings Before Viewing.
After I snapped a few photos Tbug was itchin to go back to riding so she jumped out of the pen and I crawled in. After all my hard work, I wanted in on this!
We chose a playbill type invitation..... it suited the 'feel' of Brent and Alex's day.....and we all loved it...
Yes, my May flowers are next..... they will probably arrive after the end of May.
I don’t suppose you ever stop worrying about them, even when they get older. She is fourteen tomorrow (going on 18!) and even though it has been lovely for her to have this independence and go off for the day with her friends, she will always be my baby, fourteen or forty!
WHAT’S WRONG WITH PLATFORMING?
59. From Here to Eternity: James Jones
"They are common, and ignorant. You are above him in station and it will not help your reputation to be seen spending time with him or with the other riff-raff aboard this vessel!"
ziso rinobudisa misodzi.
Water for Elephants - Very nice story from the 30is, describing live in a circus, told in memory style by an old man in an elderly care home. Something like The Notebook and very much also movie material. Cant wait for someone to pick it up. Loved it!
CSPI in a statement said it was considering an appeal. “McDonald’s must stop exploiting children at some point,” the organization stated. “Using toys, of all things, to lure young children to fast-food meals is not responsible corporate behavior. It’s a predatory practice that undermines parents, causes rifts in families, and harms kids’ health.”
You will never become a .300 hitter unless you take the bat off your shoulder.
Tandoori chicken with a cauliflower veloute
p107-8 “But it must not be forgotten that these Messianic conceptions are the exclusive creation of a religious elite. .. The Hebrews’ periodic returns to the Baals and Astartes are also largely to be explained by their refusal to allow a value to history, that is, to regard it as theophany. For the popular strata…the old religious concept was preferable; it kept them closer to ‘life’…”
Finally, I added just one pink-flowering Serissa foetida. I've been looking for the white one for ages, but I'm quite happy to add the pink form to this section of the garden. Serissa foetida is another dwarf evergreen shrub. This variety will bear masses of very tiny pink flowers, and will develop lovely variegated foliage as it matures.
And in this situation I lack a complete understanding of the words I fling (or post). And that was my point to Miro in my original comment on my thread that he refused (three times!) to post.
Q: People look at Jo and wonder, "What is she?" Meaning, they wonder about her heritage. In Jo's profession, she looks into peoples' pasts and wonders, "Who were they?" That sense of identity seems to be very important to you. Tell us about it.
Now today I want to show you a mothers day card I made for my step mums mum! most of you know that I make and post cards for my dad and step mum throughout the year with them living out of the country ... more on that in a mo!
I was ready for a fight. I was expecting it. My son spent the weekend looking fine on the outside for his caregivers but sending me messages on the computer full of curse words and capital letters, accusing me of not caring about him, hating him, and abandoning him.
Underworld begins where we are left off at the end of Abandon, Pierce is now ruling as Queen of the underworld with John, having just escaped a desperate and personal attack from the Furies. Her safety is still in jeopardy though, which leaves the reader constantly questioning who can really be trusted. Pierce also has some unfinished business left with the living and therefore must return to keep those she's left behind safe, a task that leaves her relationship with John conflicted. This book has definitely added new darker elements to the story with new hilarious characters along with mysterious developments into certain pasts that'll leave you questioning EVERYTHING!
I colored her up with my prismacolor markers and copic markers. I think for this card the only prismas I used are the blue on her outfit and yellow on the cupcake. The chipboard sentiment was sent to me from my friend Rhonda for my birthday. The paper is called I'm Late by reminisce. The cardstock is from Paper Trey Inc and the other papers are scraps. I coated several parts of the image with glossy accents. The large daisy / flower in the corner is actually a paper coaster by Martha Stewart. I cut a corner out of it in which you will see on a card I will post tomorrow OR you can see it by going to the challenge blog and checking it out there.
The President of the Republic might call the Council of Ministers to a meeting chaired by him; and might ask for reports from the Prime Minister and the ministers.
Yeah man, we’re cool. Two things: don’t tell nobody about this. This shit’s between me and you and the soon-to-be-livin’-the-rest-of-his-short-ass-life-in-agonizing-pain, Mr. Rapist here. It ain’t nobody else’s business.
Seattle’s Convention and Visitors Bureau, a private, nonprofit marketing organization, has served as Seattle/King County’s official destination marketing organization (DMO) for more than 50 years. The goal of these marketing efforts is to enhance the employment opportunities and economic prosperity of the region.
(take just one of the above photos;you don't have to post them all).
Manchester United slipped up against Everton at Old Trafford after twice taking the lead and are now just three points ahead of the Citizens, who have a far superior goal difference. A win for Roberto Mancini’s side will see them move to the top of the table, while either a draw or a loss will see the Red Devils take a huge step towards retaining their Premier League crown.
Meyrink sees there a subject to develop. He immediately goes to work and writes a short story entitled The Game of the Crickets, in which he exposes the occult causes of the war.
Mrs. Liping Wen,
Once in position, the exerciser should lower his glutes to the floor while keeping his feet flat on the ground and head facing forward. The glutes should never lower past the knees. To increase the resistance, one should hold free weights in straightened arms.
And I guess that brings me to my next point. Anything, even good things, can sometimes be taken too far. So today I want to thank my family for forcing me to sometimes hit the pause button on my writing. I want to thank my oldest daughter for asking me about all the characters in my stories, but also requesting that I "please, Mama, work on your book when we all asleep?"
Mirror horizontal.
I think this means I need to get up and walk around now – right now. MOVE IT FATTY! Sometimes the fantasy of me setting off every day for a one-mile walk/stroll/drudge flashes into my head and I nod to myself… yes, I’ll do it. It won’t be so bad, but then I have to go out for something, to the local shops, and slip onto the bus instead of walking the quarter-mile into town!
Cube It - creates 12 fun bite-sized squares
It just amazes me how much she knows and how fast she's learning. If we tell her to do something, she (for the most part), does it. For instance, we were in her bedroom last night and I handed her her towel and told her to take it to her dad, and she ran down the hall with the towel, ran into the bathroom where Dad-E was starting her bath water, and handed it to him. She really "gets it", and knows what she wants too. Her new favorite is playing on the couch... running on it, nose diving into pillows, flying into cushions... you get the point, I'm exhausted and 31 weeks pregnant, I'm sure not able to keep up with her like I used to. Thank goodness for a retired athlete as a husband =) Ya know, he was a hurdle champion back in his day in college... it will really come in handy when he has to hurdle Scarlett, pillows, the couch, etc. in an attempt to make sure Alli doesn't fall.
Thank you, headache, for showing me what is good.
You can pretty much find an ETF for just about any kind of sector of the market
Shown here is here Silver Shredded Holo. Her flakies ('shreds') are fantastic - not in the least bit subtle and chock full o' flakes! Another fantastic one to check out is the Devil's Dandruff, which is a red flakie.
What began as an experiment in my backyard ended in a painting that (for me) has religious symbolism. The three small stones represent the Trinity, while the 13 sticks represent the apostles (Judas died and was replaced). There are two types of ‘balances’.
Hence the half empty Obama rally on Karl Marx’s birthday yesterday, was flat topped as well. Who needs the Commuisnt for four more years. I bet even his dog could do better. Go back to teaching Alinsky on the local street corner.
—-haulage from a road of bad loves,
Oh, and don't forget to close the gates.
Thanksgiving day was a blur of food, dishes and football. It think.
Creating public awareness with a miniscule to non-existent budget and getting brides from the tri-state area to travel to Staten Island, New York, is no easy task. Yet, 120 brides registered to attend the three day sale and approximately $15,000 was raised at this event.
Always.
“I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.” (E.B. White)
There's plenty of holiday stories (mostly disasters), Piley's Newsround and even a bit of Wood-Watch! Plus all 10 tunes come courtesy of ccompletely new artists to Podrophenia. What's not to like?!
MuslimBridges.org applauds the support of all believers from Churches and faith-based organizations such as the Rabbis of NETUREI KARTA in Monsey N.Y., who make a clear distinction that Judaism absolutely rejects Zionism and speak out against the brutal occupation of Palestine by Israel. This is in complete contrast to the so called “Top Rabbis of Israel” who are advocating genocide and carpet bombing against all Christians and Muslims in Gaza, “ruled that there was absolutely no moral prohibition against the indiscriminate killing of civilians during a potential massive military offensive on Gaza aimed at stopping the rocket launchings” said Chief Rabbi Mordechai Eliyahu — one of the most senior theocrats in the Jewish State (The Jerusalem Post, May 30, 2007).
So instead of just focusing on eating healthy food and getting adequate physical exercise - which is necessary for all children anyway - systems need to be developed to support and improve the parenting skills of those who currently lack them. This is easier said than done and cannot be left solely to government agencies to find solutions. This is something that everyone who knows someone with kids needs to be aware of. Bringing up kids is tough; doing it by yourself is even tougher; doing it in an environment where unemployment is high and making ends meet is a never ending struggle, would just about make a saint weep.
3. Shutter
An Online Launch Party for The Iron Knight, the fourth Iron Fey novel by Julie Kagawa, has been announced. Here’s the deets:
This all sounds so negative, and although, admittedly, some of it is true, I’d like to think that Scatterbrains are merely free spirits who has difficulty with the constraints this world puts on them. But, I mean, I’m not bias or anything.
I have seen a lot of long and arduous races on TV and heard some of my friends sharing their stories after running a distance of five kilometers. Since I’ve been trying to boost vitality, stay active and have a healthy lifestyle — aside from playing badminton and volleyball– I tried running. My brother has been my sports partner and my constant reminder to continue the routines I keep on writing briefly in my notebook.
It’s not to say we are without problems here. They’re present. We’re not perfect and we’re quick to point out our struggles with crime, with the high cost of living, with glitches in our politics and public transportation and our mayor’s hair. But one of the things I am always so struck by is the camaraderie that seems to be exchanged between citizens of this place. We’re not hesitant to list our issues, but we’re also able to look at the broader picture and appreciate what we do have. Our attitudes are positive and encouraging, and we’re open to talk about the possibilities.
And let's not forget the great multitude of 3.5e fans who have jumped ship to swim over to the floating palace that is Pathfinder. I'm sure they'll be happy to splash the cash on either company if the products are right for them.
All they basically want you to do is level up your profession skill. You’ll get a quest for both your primary and secondary profession skill.
Be it ever so humble.
Steve Rogers: Falling in line’s not really my style.
Justice Records * Mother West * Sin City Ask you the question...
I still miss Gabriel, but it's less urgent now. Less demanding. More like an old friend. Or a piece of jewelry that I wear all the time. Familiar. The sharp longing is duller now, though it occasionally flares up into an active yearning for a few minutes to know what it would be like to be a mother to that son. To know what he'd have looked like as a wobbling toddler shouting new words. To know what his favorite lovey would have been. To hold him in my arms.
There are many reasons my staff is asked to present at these symposiums: dedication to serving constituents as well as knowledge and expertise in their fields.
Thanks everyone,
Once your pie crust is full thawed, lay it in your pie pan. Give the rim a little decorative pinch if you feel inclined to make it a little fancier. Distribute the veggies evenly around the bottom of the dish. Gently pour the filling over the veggies. Cut or crumble your feta cheese (I crumbled mine) and drop it into the filling as evenly spaced as you can make it. And again, feel free to adjust the amount of cheese you want in your quiche. I love cheese, and the feta I had was super fresh, made on a nearby farm, so I put lots in my quiche!
So I started telling him the story, or at least the highlights I could remember. Then, when he moaned in pain again the second the tale ended (and I really couldn’t remember if those kids got eaten or not), I racked my brain again and dredged up Cinderella — mostly the Leslie Anne Warren version, with Good Witch Glinda’s voice subbing for the Fairy Godmother’s. Sue me.
Rel jumped back, slapping at his smoking sleeve. Something very like light, but not quite, flashed as Taslin swiped aside falling fire, spraying it across the wall. Even burning to destruction, the Axtli - pitch, a fountain of pitch - made no sound, but the pitch hissed and spat as it flared out.
How do we do this?
So, this is my prayer today that the Kingdom of God come upon you and fills your spirit, souls, minds, body and your hearts with His Love, Joy, Peace and His power in the Name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. If you have not received Him into your heart, you can welcome and receive Him into your heart, who loves all the people of the world. May the Kingdom of God come upon you.
Mallory realizes fairly quickly that Kenneth is the mastermind. Aside from personal conflict arising from Mallory having dumped him, Kenneth also has professional reasons for wanting Mallory out of the way. She's made it clear that she intends to defect from his agency and her reputation being what it is, he knows that many of his key clients would follow her to wherever she went next. Knowing what she does, Mallory sets out to turn the tables and make Kenneth (and his allies) regret coming after her. With a little help from a government contact (Michael Douglas) and an almost inhuman ability to not be killed, Mallory just keeps going and going, escaping one impossible predicament after another until she finally gets to have the showdown she wants and the answers she needs.
Moving Bryn to the public school does not seem to be a good solution at this point. Their curriculum is even farther behind - not by a lot, but for us, it would just be going in the wrong direction.
And with a million thoughts swirling through my mind…I recalled Programmer’s words… “It wasn’t random.”
In heavy bottom pan, add 100 ml of oil, once oil warms up, tip in mustered seed. Be careful since mustered will start to splutter. Once they stop to splutter add in cumin seeds.
I told him that I have a chemical imbalance that goes for a ride when I put that liquid devil to my mouth.
This is a post Mom and I have gone back and forth about writing. But is part of both our lives, so we are sharing.
This is the focal pendant. We used the side view flower for this pendant and made a larger square to wire wrap the pendant to. Mom drew the design and then glued the pattern to 20 gauge copper. Mom then hand saws out all the pieces. Once the pieces have been filed and sanded I have fun with the enamels. For the flower pendant I used transparent oranges and yellows and I love, love, love the colors of the square. I used three different opaque greens to get the look with black around the circles in the corners of the square.
We learn how his expertise and training as a printer and publisher served him well as he led the effort to prepare a new edition of Church scripture.
What LEAP do I wish to take? Jamie, I'm already leaping tall buildings in a single bound and stopping the occasion speeding bullet in order to accomplish my goals. In fact if I keep leaping at this pace, I'm likely to spring myself right into burnout. I've done it before.
“Are you seriously not going to stop me?” I ask as I am about to walk past him.
Everyone brought summertime brews to share, from home brew to special finds. I think my top favorites were the Belgian Cherry that Average Jane brought, the Founder's Scottish Ale brought by Tim, and the IPA brewed by Amy & her husband. Good stuff!
tragic
Ephesians 1:11 In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the counsel of his own will:
This is such a popular digi image with the Design Team - we've loved using this image - perfect for 99% of blokes! The greeting/sentiment was made using the alpha feature in co-ordinating colours. I just LOVE the fleur des lys design which appears in each collection of course, in different colourways.
cooking twine
“So why did they put them in?”
If all men count with you, but none too much:
I'm going to Midland in a couple of weeks to visit Satan. Sounds like I have need to stop by.
This beer has a sweeter finish, and as well as being hoppy, is malty too. A nice balance in my opinion.
Besides suffering from Melted Brain Syndrome, I am sitting here in shock and awe. I am amazed at two things.
I looked at Wayne, "Oh you are so romantic, music with our meal" lol.
Oh, some are saying the world is supposed to end? That might be a better option than Newt Gingrich.
Have pulled back to the parking lot outside the kitchen at the hospital.
Today’s game saw GM Farrell switch Yunel and Kelly in the lineup having Kelly bat lead off and it seemed to pay off. The two combined for 5 hits and 5 RBI’s. Lets hope they can continue this pace into their west coast road trip, starting tomorrow night.
"I don't see the need to spend money on increased security," he groused as he climbed upstairs. "The question for me is, 'why now?' It makes me think 'Oh, suddenly you got some money, you better spend it.'"
I adjusted my tension, and tried it out on a scrap fabric sandwich.... all good.
Make sure you get yourselves a Bosco chocolate soda from the soda dispensing machine. It’s totally old-school New York / Brooklyn.
I know that scripture was long but it just shows the need to ask God that to humble us to present Him, to testify of Him for our works to show Him. We must always shift whatever we do to speak of Him. The Holy Spirit will testify of Jesus, we need to allow that to happen through our lives as we seek a connection and an emptiness so that we can be used (Matt 16:24). I think this is the only time when the phrase ‘empty vessels make more noise’ actually urges us to empty ourselves to be part of gods song. We so often aim towards targets to get to perfection and as much as we seek to be perfected by God if our main aim is goals we are setting we will never experience the fullness of what God wants to do in us, we will simply fill ourselves, making it harder for God to use us. God is perfection, the only way we can get to coming close to being perfected is not through the targets and aspirations we set but rather by submitting to the only perfect being. We cannot be perfected by something that is not perfect, systems and expectations we set. However once we release our systems and just choose to cast off all we expect or have built up for ourselves onto Him. He can continually perfect the work He started in us.
I also hope that whoever might read this, that they will feel encouraged and will remember to embrace the growing pains of life.
After a while I headed back through that mysterious portal and kept exploring. I found an area called Terokkar Forest. It’s quite pretty there, well if you ignore the big wasteland off to the side (I think they call it the Bone Wastes, which describes it well). There’s also a big city there called Shattrath. From what I hear it used to be just buzzing with life, with Alliance and Horde inhabiting every corner. It seems quite deserted now. Mostly just The Scryer and Aldor contingencies, and troops from the Shattered Sun Offensive up on the main platforms and then lots of refugees living in the lower city. The whole place is looked after by these weird wind-chime like creatures called the Naaru. I spoke to their leader A’dal at one time. He seemed quite nice.
Am I endorsing Book Country's self-publishing program? No. Am I suggesting that anyone run out and use it? Certainly not. And I remain concerned by the potential conflicts of interest that arise when trade publishers expand into self-publishing.
Despite my many efforts to market this blog, the sad reality is that the visitor count averages a miserable 40 to 60 pageviews per day. According to the Blogger Stats-overview the all time history, since Jan 2010, stands at 19,151 – averaging 2,158 pagviews per month.
easy, will life be better? I dont think so. I chose it so I bear with it.
Back to the Future Club
This was a big night for us. We're usually in bed by 9:00 and up by 4:20. The concert started at 8:00 and ended at 11:00. Then we had to drive 30 minutes to the other side of town because we're dogsitting. We got home around 12:30. We got up at the usual time so we could run over to let our furry grandchildren out. I think I'm ready for a nap and it's only 8:12 a.m.!
Let Me Love You – Kevin McHale doing a boyband number is always gold.
“Ron”: Well, I keep my Blackberry for certain people to contact me and, I have my android for me…my personal use.
**Slip stitch decoration on outside of door with white.
and all day the black ants climb over them,
I buy it out of England. They don't sell it in the US. I bought this one 2 years ago:
and discovered the wood work and silversmith workshops. I’d find any excuse to turn objects on the lathe or make pieces of jewelry.
Serve with toasted baguette with goat cheese and slices of radish on top.
Prep work that morning: Cook rice, assemble casserole.
Curious? Here are some of the latests and greatests that commonly – and repeatedly – occur in most businesses, and the types of plans you’ll need to surround them in order to intrigue and engage customers, prospects, employees and other important stakeholders:
Have a great two weeks and we'll be back with the next challenge on 7th APRIL
5) To make filling, place onion, garlic, ginger, apple, and rice in a blender. Add the reserved stock and puree until smooth. Transfer the puree into a medium size mixing bowl and add the rest of the filling ingredients, mix well. Let it sit for 10 minutes so the chili flakes will absorb the moisture.
How dare she look so happy when…?
Saurel-Cubizolles MJ, Kaminski M, Rumeau-Rouquette C. Activité professionnelle des femmes enceintes, surveillance prénatale et issue de la grossesse (Occupational activities of pregnant women, prenatal care and pregnancy outcome). J Gynecol Obst Biol Reprod 1982; 11: 959-967. 138 : 139-154.
And the world a witness
"Take a look at my balls mate and be honest, how do they look to you?!"
On disembarking I asked a woman walking her dog which way the Greyhound was (the pub, not the dog) - beccause I wasn't sure the other pub was the Three Horseshoes, and I knew it was near the Greyhound. she told me, and when I asked about the Three Horseshoes, she gave it another name, like a restaurant, even when I queried what the other pub was called. She seemed quite sure there was only one pub in Higham, so I gave up and started walking.
There will always be people against any form of nudity and sex in movies but you can’t stop the sex because movies are about life and you can’t have life without sex, or a test tube. It is also difficult to have proper sex without nudity.
Playing the chimes
Me: Hubby, it’s no big deal. We can buy another plate!
Commenting here yesterday, somebody said apropos of a certain childhood syndrome:
Everyone enjoys Sammy's visit in different ways and it is odd on who handles it the worst. You'd think Grace would hate him, but she doesn't. She walks around like he isn't even here. Hobbes is totally freaked out and spends the week with a raccoony tail. He also spends a LOT of time outside, escaping the dog. Joe gets all nervous and says "Where's Sammy?" all the time. Em takes him for walks and I just have to wake up at 5:00 a.m. to get him off the bed and take him outside.(Apparently his family gets up at 5.) But it's a good diversion from everyday life and we all sort of like having a dog for the week.
Ahem. Yes, I said The Bar.
“Maya” is “Illusion” in English.
This is followed by a book cover designer who teaches them basics of making an attention-grabbing cover.
After the concert we were waiting by the craft tables when I spotted Barney himself who'd come out to meet the audience. I passed Izzy our programme and said to her:
First thing this morning I trekked to the grocery store, gathered all the goodies (taking advantage of the bulk candy aisle where you could scoop out a few pieces to buy rather than buying an entire package of candy), and assembled my creations before the girls even stirred.
I remain here, lost in thought, not knowing how to comprehend
Nat & The Team
However, Jessica Ferguson and Mz. Angie & Audie & Sandra Rameriz have a bumper crop. So have Mr. Tingan. Actually I'm the only one that have not gotten one tomatoe. Thanks to the John Roberts family for bringing me tomatoes and cucumbers. More pictures and success stories later. Happy Gardening!
Hope you like my efforts!
The writers, Fred Freeman and Lawrence J. Cohen, seem to have done their best work together, considering they collaborated before and since on films like the great Gene Wilder/Donald Sutherland comedy Start The Revolutuion Without Me and... that Sutherland/Elliott Gould M*A*S*H cash-in S*P*Y*S... and the John Candy soap opera thing Delirious.... You know what, forget I said anything. Let's move on.
I will give a few more details when I can grab some time but here is your first glimpse of the new spirit from the new Chichibu distillery set up by Ichiro Akuto of Ichiro's Malt fame. They are Chichibu Newborn Bourbon Barrel (c. 63 per cent alcohol) and Chichibu Newborn New Hogshead (c. 62 per cent alcohol). Three casks of each have been released and about 1800 bottles in total.
This is a fairly easy dish to put together and it is casserole style. I like to make it with 1/2 yellow squash and 1/2 zucchini, but all yellow squash is just fine. It can be made a day ahead and then put the topping on before it is baked.
The only human being who ever knew with 100 percent certainty how the embryo named Jesus came to be in Mary’s uterus was Mary herself, and she died quite a while ago. Which means we can’t really prove the virgin birth happened – nor can we really prove it didn’t happen (but then we never can prove the negative, can we?). Further, although I know of some efforts to try to argue for a way that conception could have happened without the act of intercourse, that seems like quite the stretch. If we determine the virgin birth happened, it’s because God broke into the world and upended the laws of nature to make it happen; in other words, he did a miracle. And if that’s what he chose to do, I certainly have no problem with that, and I doubt you would either.
One Pakatan Rakyat MP, Zuraida Kamaruddin, in a sombre black tudung, was arrested as she prepared to give a press conference outside the State Assembly Building. Perhaps the police had information she was about to proclaim an Independent Republic of Men in Black.
I don't really know what it is about this one. I won't say that it's without weakness (and when I heard the left-off cuts on Tell Tale Signs - especially 'Red River Shore' and 'Mississippi' - it was all I could do to resist making a mock-up album, just for the hell of it) but there really is something in amongst these tracks that hits every one of my many wildly swinging moods.
Can't believe we are on week #7 !!!
What was your fifth best memory?
If you notice in our photos, we didn't take down the entire wall. We removed what was behind the tile and salvaged the rest. This was for a few reasons:
1. Anouncer introduction & tuning up
We must change our destructive, careless ways.
Another brief difficulty was the different color of dice. We played using a Google+ hangout, so the question of how to make sure we kept track of which dice were which was very important.
Next time....I'm not sure, maybe another gift card holder...or some inlaid embossing...or both. If you have any questions, just leave a comment....or leave a comment anyway. I love to hear from visitors.
After dinner we clean up the house, the boys usually have to clean up their room, so I will clean the kitchen and pick up the living room. And I will try to do any breakfast prep for the next day.
3. tear off tie
A crime against humanity in anyone’s mind who has humanity within them, and any network or group behind that should be held to account by the International community irrespective of who they are or how high their support goes.
I had a nice lie in, then I went for lunch with my daughter and LPF, who was very well behaved, sat in her high chair and entertained everyone with her giggles, bangings, and general carrying on! Then we went back to my daughter's and had a nice cuppa and a birthday chocolate cupcake. An afternoon of fun and frolic with LPF is the perfect birthday present!
I think we can all agree that the lesson here is never question Paul Hollywood! (And never question Mary Berry going without saying!).
Speech-language pathologists often receive speech referrals for children (at risk for being) on the spectrum when they are 18 months of age or older. Many of these children are saying few sounds and producing no words. Speech sound development began at birth, so these children have a lot of “catching up” to do. This frequently requires special methods and intensive treatment.
“North Carolina” I whispered.
I went to clinic to discuss a couple of specific things. Top on the list - more supportive bracing because I think Charlie is ready for it. He needs this to pull himself to stand on his own, not in his stander. I addressed this last time we were in the office, because I knew he would be ready about NOW. And I was told we would address it next time. As in YESTERDAY. I brought it up, and the first concern was that his heels are too tight, and that, before he can get the bracing to stand independently, he needs a little procedure to loosen them up. This is surgery, under anesthesia, and while it is a very simple procedure, I am not looking forward to it. But the point is - we should have done this procedure already. They knew a few months ago he would need this (because these things are fairly evident), but it didn't get addressed until yesterday, when I wanted to talk about standing.
So, like all Blues fans I was disappointed and not a little shocked that our club was deservedly knocked out of the play-offs by Blackpool, a team that has its merits but has hardly set the Championship alight this year. It was a somewhat anti-climactic end to what has been by all accounts an extraordinary season. However I wish Blackpool all the best in the final and sincerely hope that they beat, nay, thrash West Ham.
You who covered the Son with transfiguring brightness,
This novel had a little bit of everything that I love-an intriguing mystery, a strong heroine, and a time period that is brought realistically to life. I really don't want to give away too much but the plot went in directions I did not expect and it was complex enough to keep me guessing throughout. I thought the politics of the time were brought marvelously to life here. While that may not seem too difficult there really was a whole lot going on politically in Scotland at the time and also in Europe. The book explained very well who belonged to what side, who the main players were, what faction supported the Catholics, which supported the Protestants and why there were those outside of Scotland interested in influencing the outcome there. I also liked that Rinette was not a perfect type character that tends grates on the nerves. She is a flawed individual who makes some really bad choices along the way while doing what she thinks is right. I had never heard of the art of floromancy before picking up this book but I found the topic so interesting that I think I could read a whole book on it alone. This is my first book by Elizabeth Loupas. I own her first release (The Second Duchess) but have not cracked it open yet. I think I may have to remedy that soon. Also, I normally don't comment on cover art but I really like how well the lady pictured on the front matches up with how Rinette is described in the book.
Is brimming with vigour and phlegm
3) My girlfriend and I have talked about retiring to South America. I found your site while researching it. Would you recomend Buenos Aires as a retirement options? Also how do you pronounce BsAs? Is it just an abreviation and its pronounced normally? If you were retiring with about $1million USD in South America where would you go?
After they set in the fridge, I popped each one out of the mold, brushed more melted chocolate into the inside of the mold, and pushed the other side of the cake pop into the mold. I only had one mold so I could only do one side of the cake pops at a time.
He was totally deaf, but would watch me very closely for hand signals. He also farted really bad all the time. Boy that little guy could clear a room.
That's why I'm going to try that KISS thing. Here's what I have in mind.
According to a story ran by KCTV 5 there has been legislature introduced to the Kansas Senate to allow tastings inside liquor stores. The Senate should hold a hearing on the bill in a few weeks. Alcoholic Beverage Control director Doug Jorgensen said his agency is neutral on the legislation.
I included this rant about my name because it ultimately established the basis that all other facets of my life place themselves upon. I am Kristina Rosalie Podesta, a woman who stands upon the shoulders of the wonderful women who have come before her. I am Kristina Rosalie Podesta, a woman deeply thankful for the family who has come before her and continue to walk alongside her. I am Kristina Rosalie Podesta, a woman bought by the blood of my savior. I am Kristina Rosalie Podesta, Follower of Christ.
Before yesterday Haiti was arguable the poorest of nations in the Western Hemisphere with a host of additional problems to boot. Yet consensus on how improve conditions in Haiti have been as varied as they are to act on. Haiti has suffered for decades.
“Well, I could start by drawing you – just for fun” he replied.
Where all the emotions grow.
nostalgia sat by its side
The ebook in question is called Girl in Pieces. It’s the fifth instalment of The String City Mysteries, my series of hardboiled detective fantasies published by 40k Books, and it’s fresh out today. It’s a heart-warming story of golems and gangsters and a girl who’s, well, in pieces. Will our intrepid hero find a way to put her back together before the spiders get him? And what exactly does happen when a thunderbird the size of a city block gets caught in Medusa’s glare?
I have given to Breast Cancer..
The stories suppose what Ireland would be like today if High King Brian Boru hadn’t perished at the Battle of Clontarf in 1014 A.D. His descendant, modern day Princess Talty, wishes she were anyone but the heir to her father’s throne. An arranged marriage offers an escape from her royal duties, but she quickly learns to be careful what she wishes for.
Sometimes I feel all I do is correct B.
The Jews seem neither to respect God nor his creation. Their own holy books contain the curse of God brought upon them by their prophets on account of their disobedience to Him and mischief in the earth. We have seen the disrespect for religion displayed by those who consider themselves to be ‘God’s chosen people.’...There will be no justice until all the land is given back to its rightful owners... Only Islam can bring peace back to the Holy Land.
For the lesser enlightened like me, the natural practice is to hold on to things till the point when realization dawns that I would have been better off, had I ‘let go’! The afterthought is always pleasant and that makes me wonder what stops us from letting go? Also, is it always right to let go? What are the things worth holding on to? I guess the answer lies in what emotional quotient we attach to each. It is easy to let go of things that we are not so affixed to but when it comes to things close to the heart, it’s not easy to part ways.
It is a decision with devastating consequences.
Why are they dry and boring/ for one, the typical trappings of these kinds of films are hinted at, but never utilized. Lane is given a potential love interest in her partner, played by billy Burke, but nothing ever happens between them. Lane herself plays a single mother who lives with her mother and daughter in a creaky old house. You assume at some point her mother or daughter will be caught by the killer, but that does not happen, either. Where is the emotion in the story? There really is not any. It is all a moraL about voyeurism. The audience is supposed to feel guilty we would watch people being brutally murdered live on the internet, but we are all denying that we ever watch such a thing, so big deal, right?
Fortune, the neighborhood kitty, continues to visit my garden each day, and comes dressed for Halloween. Perhaps she will bring a rally to the sagging fourth quarter.
Gary Rutherford has been a registered pharmacist for 33 years and has worked in a variety of practice settings. He has been a hospital pharmacist, director of pharmacy for a national chain of pharmacies, opened and operated an independent pharmacy, and has served as an adjunct faculty member at both Ohio Northern University and The Ohio State University’s schools of pharmacy for 18 years. Gary has multiple certifications in the practice of pharmacy. These include immunization, smoking cessation, alcoholism and chemical dependency, specialty medications, pharmaceutical care in diabetes, asthma, hyperlipidemia and diabetes. He has worked directly with patients in medication therapy management for the past 18 years.
Finish off leaving an 18" tail. Weave tail through remaining 6 sc and pull up firmly to close the hole. Insert your hook into the top center of the acorn and pull up a loop. Ch 5 to form the stem. Sew to foundation chain.
Also assume that the people above purchased a bronze package. Of course, you will earn $50/mo from each of the 5 people that you referred, which is Referral Level 1.
"No, it's not! It's hot out! I kinda don't like summer 'cause it's so hot,"Clay informed me.
Cole had his check up with Drew. Here are his stats...
Two hours? I’m thankful to my darling CityBoy for both ordering and picking up said bird, but now I’m thinking that next year, I may as well just make the damn thing. Or two big turkey breasts. I mean, two hours of reheating is totally enough time to roast two turkey breasts.
I hope you all had a fabulous Thanksgiving holiday! I was in Boston for 10 glorious days soaking in some much needed city and family time. Having grandparents around to help with Knox is such a luxury! I'm slowly getting back into the swing of things here at home...y'know laundry, groceries...really sexy stuff.
She held her breath when he approached, suddenly horribly afraid that she was going to be forced into some new act that she would despise. But when she heard what he had to say, she would have laughed if she did not think he would slap her for it.
12 - Crossroads 04:00
I hope that you like my card. If you have a moment, leave me a comment. Have a great stamping day!!
DEX: 4d6 (14)
Brayden's teacher commented on how energetic he was ;) He is definitely an on-the-go guy. Every time I ask him if he had a good day at school, he just smiles so I think it was a happy day for him.
Tyler Meredith is this a hint that the status takeover is returning? yay!
My house is actually an explosion box! How fun was this?! I used the basic explosion box tutorial from Amy at Love To Crop, adjusting the dimensions to make it a few inches larger in total. Helping to showcase holiday pictures, journaling, or memorabilia (Nutcracker ticket stub, for example) are Cindy's sweet digi stamps! I colored them with my Copics and bedazzled them in their festive best. Now, a few close-ups to properly show Cindy's beautiful images (one of which is hidden from the main picture):
After lunch the boys will finish up what ever is they need to do, and I will start dinner prep. I also do a clean up in the kitchen and try to find time to vacuum.
Dick Clark is survived by his three children and his third wife, Keri Wigton, married to him since 1977.
I think the movie lacks Earth scenes, the Asgard story is nice, the Earth story is fast phased, and not in a good way. But that is just me, I’m weird that way.
Oil as required
Using Watch Faces For a Feminine Look
The footage shows a young man walking down the street when a police van pulls up next to him and an officer gets out and starts hitting him against a bakkie that is parked in the street. Soon thereafter an other officer gets out and joins his colleague in the assault.
It is time for the March Heartfelt Creations Alumni Design Team Blog Hop. If you have come from Carla Suto's blog you are going in order. There are 8 designers participating in the hop this month. You will want to visit each blog and leave a comment. Someone will be picked randomly from one of the designer blogs and win a $25 Gift Certificate from Heartfelt Creations.
so much more, even one months rent free for Christmas.
Down from Gribling's Mills.
To bow and to bend we shan’t be asham’d,
"Anthony Bada?" I asked, showing her what I'd written on my steno pad.
Wow Embossing Powders Opaque Bright White
Update (1/21/09): So far so good, he came out of surgery in pretty good shape, he has at least one other he has to go through in about a month or so from now. Hopefully soon he can be running around getting into things and driving his parents nuts, since that is what 2 year olds are supposed to be doing! Thank you to everyone who kept this little guy in your thoughts and prayers.
IN THE UNLIKELY EVENT OF AN ELEPHANT CHARGE, DO NOT FALL DOWN WHILE TRYING TO GET AWAY.
IF YOU ARE WILLING TO BRIGHTEN UP SOMEONE ELSE'S HOLIDAY, let me know. I have a small list of gals who cannot participate that I would like to bless with a package this season. Or, I encourage you to send an extra Secret Santa box to someone you know that needs some cheer this season.
I discovered this by typing the hypertext protocol address into Google. What popped out is a slew of scams that involved the "ymerecord" word in the address name.
Chanced on this new exhibition at the National Gallery today – had no idea it was opening (free). It consists of the above painting, on loan from the Hermitage in St.Petersburg, referring to it as ”Titian’s first masterpiece”, as well as a number of other Titians, Giorgiones, Durers and others that are deemed to have fed into it in some way. The other Titians include “Noli me Tangere” and the one I wrote about before, calling it the “Flight into Egypt”, which is actually the Virgin and Child with a Shepherd, or some such title. Confusingly, there is also a “Rest on the Flight into Egypt” on display.
And producer
Frank Garcia
Here's my favorite spot in the room. In the middle of the sofa looking through the french doors into the family room. The boys can laugh and play while I quietly enjoy a little me time just a few feet away. This time of year is extra special because it's the best view of our perfectly imperfect tree.
The dispute will soon be resolved by a paternity test. If Justin does turn out to be the father, it will clearly have implications for his career. I would advise him to re-style himself as ‘Bullet-pants Bieber’, the badass rap artist who knocked up the skank ho who tried to make him her bitch. And he shouldn’t fret about the speed with which he consummated the endeavour – 30 seconds is probably par for the course in the annals of backstage shagging events.
It's amazing that we can feed ourselves so cheaply and easily in this country. Try growing a garden. Try losing half your cauliflower crop to fungus, like we did. "It's a good thing we're not relying on any of this to feed ourselves," I told J. as I pulled out the cauliflower. Our little garden is just for fun. When we get a house with more land, we'll likely be able to feed more of ourselves with it, but even a "for fun" garden is disappointing when you discover half your land was wasted on crops that don't feed you.
More to come at a later time...not designated...time for breakfast.
London is good for so many stories – we’ll be telling them to each other for a long time, perhaps till we visit our young friend when she is there on her own to study!
And now I’m going to go fall down.
Herman Cain, however likeable has yet to prove that he has the chops needed for the Big Job. The FOX moderators did him a great kindness by not asking him any deep foreign policy or national security questions, since he's already shown that isn't his strong point. And his 9-9-9 plan on taxes which has some merits also has a number of those awful devils in the details. That 9% national sales tax, for instance. Anyone whose seen how politicians around the world have handled a Value Added Tax ( which is essentially what Mr. Cain is proposing) ought to be damned wary of implementing it. Here's a hint; just like sales taxes in your state, they tend to go up, up, up. And it might also be noted that Cain's plan would eliminate the tax break on mortgages, thus putting the boot into an already depressed industry. My prediction is that his straw poll win in Florida will have about as much effect as Muchele Bachmann's in Iowa.
Shadow cabinet – it works both ways
Think how many people knew of Yeardley Love’s murderer’s propensity for drunken violence. How many knew of his attacks on her, were aware that he was a binge drinker who mentally lost track of his actions. Even his teammates had talked about staging an intervention.
Serve: Room Temperature
The old man cackled and reached for the pencil sharpener. “I’m afraid not, child. I’m afraid not.”
The long and short of the issue is that there really is no “I” in “Team” but when the team is forced to compete against each other, then that places an “I” in “Team” which doesn’t help the team in any way, shape, or form. I called the entire team on it but especially our boss. I told her I felt some of the reason she isn’t seeing the passion, drive and cooperation from us that she wants to see is because we don’t know what she wants. Are we working together today or are we working against each other today? Can we depend on each other or not? Are we “I” or “Team”?
For this warp, arch over to belted in beyond breadth three Goombas are awash about a campfire. Breach alfresco of the belted in area, and angle beneath the timberline abutting to the fence. Your appearance will bastardize to accession tree, adapted next to the freezing pond. You can aswell bastardize from the timberline in the freezing pond to the timberline next to the campfire.
As I spend time with a wide range of folks in the pharma space (sales, training, marketing), certain themes emerge across the board. One of those that comes up regularly these days is the effort to find replacements for live meetings.
Shinshu is a multipurpose site. It is owned by Hombo Spirits, who are most famous for their Japanese shochu and plum wines. They also sell wine and brandy, sometimes using the same "Mars" brand that they use on much of their whisky and some of these operations are carried out at the Shinshu site. I believe that there is beer being brewed at Shinshu, although I don't know the connection between that Minami Shinshu brewing company and Hombo Spirits.
Well, we all know that the socialists in the Labor Party are going to do nothing of the kind, because (duh) they’re socialists, and their dogma forbids them even to contemplate the thought of a free and armed citizenry instead of a docile and dependent society.
Haha. I love being in the minority (except for discrimination, but let’s not go there). Usually I”m the only young one in a crowd of old (like legitly old) people because old people have class like I do.
Clearly, the “right to life” has little to do with supporting “life” and everything to do with controlling women’s bodies. The church is terrified to allow “grave and immoral sinners” to be in charge of their own reproduction.
2. Accidental Stepmom—I love to laugh, and I never fail to do so when reading this blog. “Honest,” “fun,” and “generous” are the words I would use to describe this creative and hardworking lady. Read this one; you won’t be disappointed.
We can figure out how the Romans face-planed boards, as many of us use planing stops, but how did they edge join without the use of a vise or crochet?
Gregory: what about Herman Cain?
Now, if I can only find enough time to sew, scrapbook, use my very neglected Cricut cake, teach my students and do my own college schoolwork. Ha. That probably explains my long absence in the bloggy world!
“I expect that in thirty or forty years, much of Europe will become something that would be currently unrecognizable.”
I love, love, love you.
I first met him in The Bronx in a pub called Durty Nelly’s, though I’d been aware of him for some time. The guy was hard to ignore. A big hulking presence he kept his cards close to his chest until you passed some unspoken test.
Remember you can choose the grammar, holiday, or science pack!
The memories her family has tried to bury resurface when Daniel returns, three years later, and enrolls in Grace and Jude's high school. Despite promising Jude she'll stay away, Grace cannot deny her attraction to Daniel's shocking artistic abilities, his way of getting her to look at the world from new angles, and the strange, hungry glint in his eyes.
One of the best things Libba said during her presentation was when she asked everyone to look around the incredibly packed, standing room only, audience. She asked what do you see? So many white faces and not enough people of color. This needs to change.
Ink: Memento Tuxedo Black, VerfaFine Onyx Black
He delights in theme parks and dragged me once to take a ride. He easily gets scared of ghosts and scary stories. He likes to cuddle by putting his head on your chest. It was strange; that inside his hulking frame hides a sweet boy.
"Where's the syrup?"
You keep saying that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
St Arnold Altared Amber (Amber with Belgian Yeast)
Here’s what’s on the Shuffle: The Stones, Tom Petty, Springsteen, The Grateful Dead, The Yardbirds, The Who, Warren Zevon, Talking Heads, Billy Joel, and a bunch of others. Rock is particularly inspiring when I’m making tutorial videos.
Acccck! Ok, needless to say, I LOVE this card!! OMG, I just keep staring at it. *sigh* I made this card for my Aunt and Uncle's wedding anniversary. They LOVED it! Yay!!
Tanita
We, as a family, decided to rejoice in our trials (James 1) and trust in the Lord (Proverbs 3). We prayed for a miracle.
“I paid for my seat
Thank you to Shirley from the Alliance Church at Calwell where we have been attending for nearly 6 months, who came over last night, about 10pm (we got home very late) with a couple of meals for us. You have no idea how thankful we are. We continue to see God's hand on Shaun & the doctors and I thank you for your prayers. It means so much to all of us.
In anticipation of all the comic book fun I thought I'd post this little photo I drew up and inked using sketchbook pro with copic markers. It's not my neatest coloring work....I still prefer to render by hand. But this is a nice alternative.
What do you think would be a suitable rating for this beautiful show?
-7.5 hours: on the advice of “wear something comfortable” I straightforwardly assembled a not so chic ensemble of faded sweatpants and a tank top. Then I was pathetically stumped on shoe choice. My “house shoes” are 3.5 inch wedges and my sensible walking shoes are 2.25 inch motorcycle boots. Everything else is 4.5″ inches minimum. I even have high-heeled flip flops. I settled on desiccated “fashion” sneakers instead of either some beaded sandals or my high school uniform saddle oxfords, the only other flats I have. FIRST WORLD PROBLEMS.
1). Against furious Leftist opposition, Reagan already had well underway by the time of Reyjavik a huge buildup of American CONVENTIONAL forces -- so that deterrence by conventional strength was at least potentially available to replace nuclear deterrence. And by the time any anti-nuclear agreement became effective there would of course also be time even for Western Europe to begin pulling its weight in conventional defence -- a prospect which Europe, particularly Mrs Thatcher, resisted vigorously, of course.
This project was crazy!!! I can’t believe I spent so much time on it. I saw this pin and fell in love with these adorable bunny cupcakes. I read and re-read the instructions and I thought I could re-create these! I came close, but in my mind this was a FAIL! I may try this again taking into account the lessons I learned along the way!
10:00- Local news is on for a few minutes, then when we find we're dozing, I switch it to King of Queens and set the sleep timer for 30 minutes. We're lucky that we're good sleepers, too! It doesn't take us long to fall asleep at all!
"ballet slipper."
Ask about the surgeon’s credentials
She is staring at him with her faded blue eyes wide open.
Then I headed back to the land of floating.
Jo said, but didn't I find the writing absolutely beautiful? Those wonderful descriptions of the landscape? I said, yes, they were stupendous, but I thought that this was perhaps the key to the problem: although the narrative is purportedly a shifting intimate third rather than omniscient, on the whole I felt those descriptions were made from an authorial viewpoint rather than that of the characters. I wouldn't say that the descriptions were exactly touristic, but the sense of appreciation of the beauty and grandeur was often at odds with the situations and psychic journeys of the characters. Jenny said, Yes, the farming characters would probably find the landscape pretty grim, wouldn't they? As well as that basic matter of the attitude to the landscape, there's also the question of the metaphorical language in which it's described. I did think it worked brilliantly for the psyche of the skin doctor who buys up Loyal's fields to build himself an outback retreat, and whose emotional focus is indeed the landscape to which he looks for succour but which overwhelms him:
You talk about the work of activists representing a distant field within a local field as translation/appropriation. What about agency/subjectivity? Is it by chance that all our words for, for lack of a better term, the self-assertion of the Sarterian/Hegelian "being for itself," carry a double and almost oxymoronic meaning? To be a Subject is both to be in possession of itself and "subjected" to an external imposition. To be an agent means both to self-actualize and to represent someone else. It seems to me that one has to consider the question of translation/appropriation within that duality (or, to use Lacan's terminology, extimacy of the subject.). Worrying about "erasing Palestinian agency" is necessary to the extent that it is part of a reflection about one's own location and one's own agency. But there is a way of engaging with that which you seem to do sometimes that is almost as a pure anxiety about the other as such, and that anxiety itself reproduces the kind of "savior complex" that is part of a lot of what you call "distant area activism" in the West. After all, it should be a given that, as a white Jew living in the West, I cannot make present the quality of being Palestinian in any local field, and that pretending or seeking to do so would and should be politically suspect. I can only (partially) re-present, translate, intervene, shift and rearrange, and the ethics of these actions is inherently bound to my own agency (in its double determination) in all the fields in which I am present. That is, rather than starting from the relation with Palestinians, and ranking various groups according to how well they incorporate or are true to representing the distant field, shouldn't the point of departure for all criticism be more expressly political, namely, a question of what a political agent is agent of, and how that agency is understood and put into practice?
There is quite an interesting section on the history of the Tarot, including the following:
Your back's a meadow
sensually explosive celebrations. See what was Truly happening to Assyria’s
Shop now for our eco-friendly family products and you will receive the high quality that our organic clothing comes with; exceptional softness, durability, wrinkle resistance, high quality workmanship in sewing and details, unique designs not available at superstores, and versatile designs for many occasions.
But unfortunately the monopolistic nature of FIFA does not allow marketers to use this event to their liking. The specific sponsors are the only brands that are mentioned or advertised at the event. Just to name a few; Coca Cola, McDonalds,Budweiser, Hyundai and MTN.
(We also remember all the time your sister who passed away a week before her court date- our Hannah Grace. She had spina bifida and scoliosis, but she was perfect! The loss we felt was overwhelming, but we Thank God that HE brought you to us. There will always be a little bit of comfort knowing that you were there at Hannah's Hope transition home with her for a little while. You may have never known it, but your sister was there being loved on just as you were transitioning to this new place.)
I can not express how humbled I am to be able to host a GIVEAWAY for WILTON. Yes. Wilton.
Next stop: Taking Mum to the Begonia Quilters' exhibition. Unfortunately she wasn't feeling well enough, so after a quick visit with her I went on my own.
4) James Douglas Morrison
I'll be starting my FINAL YEAR OF LAW SCHOOL in the fall.
Weed eaters are very convenient machines in pulling out weeds from your plants, grass or any landscape. Many plant hobbyists prefer to use these machines instead of manually pulling out weeds. These machines are more efficient in getting the job done, and it does it more quickly too.
Me?!
We can't wait to see what you create!
on others
Speaking of pairings, let us not forget that the party was held at Ben Andersen’s house and that he and Dan Perrelli (who is with the Wine Hotel) are wine people. There were several sommeliers and wine buyers there from the finest places in LA.” Chris Lavin from XIV by Michael Mina (LA), Eric Railsback from RN74 in San Francisco, Sarah Clarke from Church & State Bistro (LA) Taylor Parsons, sommelier at Spago Beverly Hills. Chef-wise, we had Jordan Toft, who will be the head chef at The Eveleigh, soon to open in LA… and Chad from Mozza. Blogger-wise, we had Sarah Gim of Tastespotting and Delicious Life as the co-hostess and Brooke Burton of Foodwoolf . Alex Kakoyiannis was the incredible grill master of the evening, his experience with roasting whole beasts for family dinners won him the honor and boy, he was a champion.
What makes the Northwest Ordinance even more interesting and relevant is that it was passed at the very same time the Constitution was being written and ratified. Which is to say that only a fool would argue that the very same men who passed the Northwest Ordinance in 1787 would turn around and denounce the very same idea in the Constitution at the very same time.
It was this formative reading that led to my being heavily involved, during the years that followed, in local and national campaigns, as well as editing a national anarchist newspaper. I've often talked to friends and family (sometimes with my tongue firmly in my cheek, sometimes with a serious chip on my shoulder) about the idea of being a working class intellectual. It sounds very pompous I know, but it is a concept that is very close to my heart. I'm largely self taught in most things. I'm a free thinker and learn at my own pace, and I only study the things I want to study. I'm a jack of all intellectual trades and a master of none, and I'm pretty good at University Challenge as a result.
This recipe has never failed me. Hubz loves to take leftovers and slather them with butter and maple syrup.
Its a piece of Anchor brewing history apparently, inspired by the all malt browns ales from their history.
how will it ever come
Just like Tsukihime, I would not suggest this to a younger audience.
However, between our distant, somewhat height-challenged past, and our terrifyingly clean dystopian present, there were the Sixties and Seventies. When, for one brief moment, we dared dream of a bright, shining future when absolutely everyone would wear tabards.
avocados (scooped out of skins and cut into wedges)
Mama Kelley will take care of me and my mystery protein and my mystery fatigue.
Income Tax Surcharge – one of the smaller lessons learned from the health care reform debate is the sheer amount of of money that can be raised from a surcharge on the richest Americans. In the House’s bill, one of the ways that the bill is paid for is a surcharge of “1 percent of income between $280,000 and $400,000; 1.5 percent of income between $400,000 and $800,000; and 5.4 percent of income in excess of $800,000″ for individuals and “1 percent of income between $350,000 and $500,000; 1.5 percent of income between $500,000 and $1 million; and 5.4 percent of income in excess of $1 million” for couples filing jointly. Keep in mind that we’re talking about only 1.2% of American taxpayers, and an average rate increase of about 3%. And yet, this surcharge will likely generate $55 billion a year.
That’s the word I’ve been hearing around the water cooler lately. Yes, there are some who love their vampires and will never tire of them, but in the publishing world where the next popular genre is important to sales. Contemporary and even erotica due in thanks to 50 Shades of Grey pushes us lovers and writers of the paranormal take a backseat to the latest rage. Me, I think what falls out of favor now eventually comes back again. Vampires and the lore surrounding the creatures will be here for a long time. Yes, the market is saturated not only in literature, but in the television and motion pictures. I for one won’t stop writing about my “guys” of the night. I love them enough I’ve created two different worlds and will be debuting another one this December. The first two have been out since last year and are continuing into this year with more planned for 2013. They are more traditional types of vampires. One world is darker and edgier with the other with vampire warriors who are more “business-like.” Yeah, I know that sounds strange, but it works. Each series currently has two books released each and others are in the works, a minimum of four each.
For me life's simple pleasures are the best: petting my dog and cats, strolling through the garden (or as in this time of year, a seed catalogue), chatting with friends, sipping an aromatic cup of tea before the fire. And there's the quiet pleasure of flipping through a new cookbook, with the promise of so many new recipes and ideas for future edibles waltzing through my head. And when the new cookbook is about baking, there's always the alchemical magic of having simple ingredients puff up into cakes, pastries, biscuits or other treats.
Covering all my lands-all my seashores lining!
I don't enjoy the exhausting job that is preparing two kids to leave the house, and attempting to keep them happy for the whole outing.
Logical devices/Failed/Degraded : 2/0/0
Revelation 22:21
I really love the look of simple cards. Plus I can get more of them done when they are simple to make... :)
Axelrod: this election is going to be about
There's a big announcement and big thread running through the show this week as Stewpot promises a competition, one which "everyone watching this evening has got a chance of winning", as if someone unaware of it might guess the address and question. "Get a pencil and paper within the next fifteen to twenty minutes" he further advises. Now, you know how sometimes Jimmy Savile (RIP) will just carry on for ages at the end of an intro because the timings aren't as they should be? Stewpot seems to have a similar problem here, in that he finds himself needing to string out an intro because the music isn't coming in, but instead of spewing forth filler babble he finds himself going uncomfortably staccato. "Lots of good records. Lots of lovely people on the show. And what better. Next. Number two. In the charts. Demis Roussos." It's like his circuitry was breaking down. This is a different performance to that made at DLT's table side and amid shots of a vast space-like blackness perhaps borrowed from Whistle Test after being shorn of their logo it's the grand return of the Noddy Holder's Hat Memorial many mirrored stage backdrop. Standing here stoutly, someone comes up with the idea of training three cameras at him, one profile, two from either side of the face, capturing every glance aside. He gives his all, we'll say that for him.
In the meantime, I have plenty to keep me busy here at home. I have laundry to do, menus to make, shopping to do, meals to make, kids to feed and bathe and supervise and entertain. Scheduling to do and keep. Eye appointments to go to, rooms to clean, chores to oversee, homework to supervise, allowance to give, kids to hold and hug and love on. Because you know, the last part is the best part of being a parent.
BLDGBLOG: What has happened to the status or role of the nation-state – of sovereignty, territory, citizenship, etc.? For instance, are national governments being replaced by multinational corporations, and citizens by employees?
Picture 13&14 Beat DK in attic 7
I found myself in a dilemma. The mother in me wanted to put him in my car and drive him to school, taking the worried look off his face, and ensuring that he didn't stand at that bus stop all day.
I will blog again in a little while. I have to get up at 6 AM. That is only 6.5 hours away and I can already feel the tiredness I will feel tomorrow. Good night.
Zooming around in life nowadays is a real challenge to our relationships. Yet no matter how fast life moves past us, nothing really gets done faster than the speed of relationship. So how do live in our relationships with Father and others in this over clocked world?
The final beer was lucious--rich caramel, slightly roasted, and with a subtle smokey flavor which really surprised me since there is no smoked malt in the recipe.
And here, you see is the problem.
ELIZABETH BERKLEY (Showgirls)
10:45am: Start Sunday Brunch!
Which is interesting, because when I'm right there at the center of things, discord sounds like this to me all the time -- turned up, too loud, piped right into my face. It rubs over all my surfaces like sandpaper until everything I try to keep in starts oozing out, drop by drop, collecting in my eyelashes and filling my mouth so I can't see or breathe.
You may or may not remember the song Heavy in Your Arms, by Florence and The Machine. Many people go away from that with the wrong impression. Or, at least one different from mine. I actually have enjoyed such loves, and greatly, in the past. I wouldn't want to marry into it, but for a time it is a rather romantic type of thing, somewhat exciting for a number of reasons (which you will have to figure out for yourself). Well, at least if you can bear the weight of a recalcitrant woman. I can. Then again I'm sort of into the whole, real, goth thing. Yes, very idealized romanticism come to life. Of course, there can be the downside. In this, click over to about 4:16, with the climax at about 6:46 (skip the overt hyper-pop-goth crap). Well, all I am saying is the two songs seem to... represent a unique romantic experience. Well, not unique, more like somewhat rare (and better that way). It was better than the No Doubt song type romance though, imho.
If I read one more article/blog/quote by some uppity Catholic about how the new translation of Mass has “unwieldy” or “obscure” or “stilted” or “awkward” language, I might just crack. Honestly, I may (finally) go insane. Jump off the deep end. Lose my mind. (I am not even going to link to any of these because they make me so angry that I refuse to send people to their sites. Just search on Google; you’ll find some real winners.) I’m sorry, but the idea that someone out there just deliberately ASSUMES I’m too stupid to understand the word “consubstantial” or pronounce it (or WHATEVER their issue of the moment happens to be) is completely ridiculous and quite frankly, it’s insulting. Thank you, journalists, bloggers, etc. Thank you for assuming my stupidity. Thank you for taking it upon yourself to classify me as an idiot who doesn’t know what the word “consubstantial” means. Although, you know, the more I type it and say it, the more I realize…. Oh my gosh it is a REALLY big word. Wow it’s, like, at least, um, how many? 4 syllables!?? OMG. I can’t handle it. Heaven forbid!!! Heaven forbid we make our Mass translation a little closer to the original Latin, a little more meaningful, a little more in-depth. Heaven forbid we have to USE OUR MINDS while at Mass!!! I think my head just imploded at that nonsensical idea. Am I actually going to have to make an active effort to participate in Mass now!!??? NOOO!!!!! I can’t believe it!!! Shocking. The idea. The very idea that what we say- the language we use- is important!? What a crazy thought!!! Words matter?? HA!! Who believes that?? In all actuality, the new translation of the Mass will give us a better understanding of our Eucharistic celebration. The Mass is the source and summit of our lives as Catholics! And we can’t even be bothered to learn a 4 syllable word!?? Seriously?? Have people (many, many people) had the audacity, the utter arrogance, to assume that I (as a member of the general public attending Mass) will find the language too difficult, and therefore, it shouldn’t be implemented!? Yes. Yes, they have. This is the Mass we are talking about, people!!
In the past I have always seen advertisements for schemes such as Global Challenge and immediately had the thought that anything with the word ‘global’ in it was without a doubt beyond my capabilities. Yet, after disbelievingly reading several times through an email sent direct to my inbox from the Moth’s main office, I discovered that I had been offered the position of Media Intern with the Moth this summer. Now I’m off to New York, hardly a week after my exams finish, to experience the biggest opportunity of my life so far. I could never have achieved this without the support of the University’s Careers and Employability Centre – we’re very lucky to have them!
The lady might have slowed down the process for a minute or two but gave me hours of enjoyment. Like Albert Einstein said, there are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle. Today I’m picking the latter…
Tips And Words Of The Wise
Brooke wins the match with a Suplex, another pinfall over the Knockout Champion.
Wow I never been more excited as a Knicks fan since like forever. That of course is to due the one and only Jeremy Lin. I think one of the consequences of the Knicks sucking so bad is that I haven’t been buying a lot of basketball packs lately but that (hopefully) is about to change.
It seemed like an eternity getting to that first appointment and telling a tiny handful of people. The 4 weeks following were even longer! We knew that this news was a long time coming, so we had a lot of fun coming up with exciting ways to announce our pregnancy to our two biggest circles - our church congregation and my Labor & Delivery coworkers.
Although I have been super busy, I still managed to snap heaps of photos of all the things I love in Christchurch. When I do have the time, I plan to give you a little tour of my life as a student and some other bits of Christchurch beauty.
Man, that's enough rant for today. Also, I have to go grocery shopping. Yup. My life's just that exciting.
For some reason this morning I relayed the following ENTIRELY TRUE story to the BBE. He cried laughing.
I don’t say “home to Vancouver” as you may have noticed. I believe that home is where the heart is and I know my heart is here in NOLA.
What sort of books most excite them? Sell well for them? Ask to see their list of authors and recent projects.
Thursday, May 3rd is the date of our Spring Concert. We will feature music from our UIL Contest Programs and new music as well. Please plan on attending and enjoy our “last blast” of the year.
North and south and then east and west, Mackie and I travel the country to bring our love for our work to share with art lovers across the country. Our upcoming show schedule for this summer is listed below. Mackie and I look forward to visiting with you and sharing our work. Stop by and say Hi.
San Francisco Fed President John Williams is quoted by Reuters as saying that the “worst is not over yet” for Europe. In an interview with a German financial paper he is also quoted as saying that if unemployment stays at 8% or higher than further QE, in the US, could be on the table. Without a significant selloff in the market the bar for QE gets raised. As usual Arthur Cashin was spot on in his letter last week. Without a selloff in the market the Fed is going to need cover to bring QE and establishing specific targets would help avert more talk of politicking by the Fed. That would make for better optics surrounding policy and the upcoming election. Lots of Fed speakers about this week. What other specific targets shall we see?
“I didn’t know Anna, I didn’t know her situation, and I still don’t know anything about her. I don’t know anything about Anna or the BCS. I just don’t read about that kinda stuff because what’s the point? You’ve gotta work with what you have. But at times like this you just gotta say ‘gosh’ and think about the important things in life. Like recruiting. I am jacked up about recruiting.”
You don’t have to write a long letter. Just let the Sisters know that you are praying for them, that you are grateful for their ministry, that you want them to continue to be prophetic, and that you will support them.
We were honoured that Hello Kitty herself took time out of her busy
3. Link to the person who nominated you for this award.
What follows here is a personal account of a very distinguished gentleman. A very intelligent man. But that is only my opinion. You decide for yourself.
I’m talking about food shortages.
First, a disclaimer: This blog post might be a tad disjointed.
(I brought a few to my friend and co-worker Penny a couple of minutes ago,,,,,,,She is THE Cupcake expert! Although, I didn't bring them to her to judge.....just hopefully enjoy!)
And of course this Branch-o-lier from Mrs. Limestone at A Brooklyn Limestone in Progress. It's so pretty for the holidays, but wouldn't it be fun for Halloween, too? Maybe with some black crows perched ominously? As you can tell, it is barely summer and I am already jonesin' for Halloween. Just 5 more months, people!
In the dream her father's anxiety over our plight escalated to unimaginable proportions. In desperation and fear of starvation, he announced that we had to eat our dog. Naturally, this distressed the child and stimulated thrashing and screaming and vociferous dissent.
We had a great party at Child Planet, a children´s play place here in Oslo. His guests were:
I do not like it, ACNB!
Using a building metaphor, if the concrete of leadership finesse is humility – then the building blocks are hope. How does one become an expert at leadership finesse? Start here and then let’s work together to figure out the rest of the equation.
The very fact that this is "acceptable" as a "normal" way of life, is against the very core Christian principles that the Anglican Church with so much cost, committed herself to as she sought to bring about true wholeness of life to all people.
This is very bad advice. I'm not saying teachers should never be trusted. I know many teachers who I like and trust. But teachers, as a group, don't deserve any special amount of trust just because of their job titles. Each teacher should be prepared to earn the trust of his own students and their parents. Parents do not owe it to teachers to trust them immediately. If teachers want to be trusted, they should prove they are worthy. Does that make their jobs more difficult? Maybe. But they should know what they are signing themselves up for. And they are free to choose different jobs if this becomes too much.
So, whether you partake in “non-traditional” relationships or not (and what’s so non-traditional about the most widely accepted tradition in the world?), the plain fact is that putting yourself into a monogamist relationship will only kill you faster. Yet to some point, there’s precedence to this because of jealousy. A jealous partner will be happier with a mate who isn’t attractive to anyone else. Of course, this view has been skewed so badly here in America that no one knows what the fuck they really want anyway, hence this post…
Where were you when you saw a forest for the first time, and what did you think?
ONE FOR THE MONEY
Starring: Channing Tatum, Jonah Hill
Today Uncle Pauly took us out for a treat bless him, and today was a very special day because you had your first Nandos – you’re a little ‘Nandino!’ It’s the 1st time I’ve picked something off of a menu for you as well. Well… you helped me pick as you were launching the menu about the place! And of course it wouldn’t be a Nandos without your Uncle Kevlar who was there to join in as well.
Its the doing of work thats getting to me… wearing me down. Its a whole ‘nother story. Requiring time that I dont have.
~Sen. Miriam Defensor-Santiago on President Aquino’s love life
In an election year this carries noticeable risk. Especially when one has strong feelings and opinions about many things involving the human condition. This year it has been especially acute given all the attention lavished on the issues of what constitutes marriage, families, gender politics and equality. When this is mashed up with regressive social thinking, bigotry, hatred and exclusion, it becomes a big thought bomb. Today it blew up in my face.
“Yeah, and infiltration is next to impossible from what I hear,” Clyde said.
Total Running Time: 489 minutes
Fayetteville, NC 28301
Loves to be alone. Amen, brother! I LOVE to be alone. I LOVE not having to talk to anyone, just to be alone with my million-and-one thoughts. I'm quite certain that solitary confinement wouldn't really get to me for about 6 months or so.
It was Space 2 all evening for me, anyway. A.P.A.T.T. were on first, and they had a go at everything – klezmer, doom (cor blimey, the big loud doom finale didn’t half give Space 2’s powerful PA system an early blow-out), Elton-John-ish 70s pop, you name it. All whilst wearing all-white costumes. The sad problem is that once you’ve first thought ‘wacky’ it’s very hard to get ‘wacky’ out of your head, and there is little more poisonous. I did like some of the music though.
A few days ago a UK supermarket chain banned Israeli settlement products, while a major Norwegian retailer suspended sale of Israeli Ahava products. It’s an anti-Jewish policy that resists any rational exorcism, a war waged by a group of powerful countries against a fellow member of the United Nations.
Cummin powder – ½ teaspoon
This isn’t due to the fact that dragons are notoriously awesome punchers (which in fact is not a fact). From my experiences, dragons have short front limbs, so the movement of a punch would be difficult for them to achieve. The damage would likely be attributed to the sheer size of the beast. Imagine taking a hit from something that is around 7 stories tall. The mass of it’s arm/leg would be measured in tonnes. That’s just unbearable. Even if you could do 50 push-ups, you still wouldn’t stand a chance…
When he was just sixteen my father Mike Kittredge made a candle using his old childhood crayons for his mother’s Christmas present. Within a year, the antique Queen Anne stove you see here had become the heart of a tiny but fast-growing business called the Yankee Candle Company. By following his inspiration and always stressing quality, my father made Yankee the candle industry standard which reshaped the modern giftware landscape. He sold Yankee Candle in 1998, and retired from the world of wax and wicks – or so he thought.
Rennee is a trained nutritional therapist and has taken responsibility for the main part of the menu, with Kate providing tempting home-baked desserts. Last Friday the menu was tandoori chicken (or paneer skewers for the veggies) with rice, and a chocolate cake complete with custard and truffle on top for pudding. There were salads and bread to share on the tables and tea, coffee and water all included. The atmosphere was relaxed and friendly (overused adjectives I know, but it really was). Four long tables seated around 40 people and a kid-sized dining area meant children could also eat together. There were some toys on a mat and a few trikes and bikes in the yard.
I will check. I cannot see over the grass now. You should mow it. I have to climb the top deck to see durr anymore. But when I see a durr, I streak out after it, yes I do.
lacing her shoes,
The 11th Earl of Sandwich allegely squirmed a little when his son the viscount contaminated the famous hereditary hunting and shooting line of sandwiches by marrying an American Vegan!
3. Take apart that worn-out wreath and use the ribbon, flowers, ornaments as individual craft items to donate
She’s gonna buy me a diamond ring
But nothing, no one, could dislodge Pam as my favorite character. I loved her, how she was resilient after Miriam’s death, and didn’t leave Shreveport. That she was a friend to Sookie in that way that only Pam could be.
Anthony Federico, 28, made the far more stupid gaffe of the two on Saturday night when he posted the following headline on ESPN’s mobile website: “Chink in the Armor: Jeremy Lin’s 9 Turnovers Cost Knicks in Streak-Snapping Loss to Hornets.” The headline was posted at 2:30 in the morning, and then removed slightly more than a half an hour later when someone (finally) realized that it may be construed as an offensive remark.
"She's gone," he said firmly but gently. "It's time to move on."
there is no relief
If they put enough drama into the meeting, closing the door behind you as you enter and remaining grim-faced as you settle into your chair, you’ll accept almost anything else they have to say with enthusiasm.
If you have a chance, come visit there. Not only to read but just enjoy the view of the city from the several viewing galleries.
The business-to-consumer visibility gap
The CareerTech conference averages around 4,000 CareerTech educators from across the state of Oklahoma.
The December list featured 20 new additions, including several major markets such as Washington, D.C.; San Jose, Calif.; and Toledo, Ohio. Meanwhile, nine smaller markets dropped off the list, primarily due to softer house prices.
Another issue of particular interest to CA States is the protection of plant varieties. Article 10 of the IP Chapter reiterates what is already provided by Article 27.2(b) TRIPS and thus leaves the parties free to protect plant varieties either by patents or by an effective sui generis system or by any combination of them. Yet this provision clarifies that there should be no clash between such protection and the right of parties to the association agreement to protect and safeguard their farmers and genetic resources.
2: We have already defined four of these: tropical, lunar, sidereal and conventional. Jupiter time is important for understanding the sixty-year cycles. The others are not practically important.
“You will be a PUBLISHED AUTHOR THIS YEAR so help me God”
1. Stop hiring any position below the minimum wage
Puget Sound Completes Offering Of 5.795% Senior Notes Due 2040 For $325 Million 17
“I don’t believe in amateur mixed martial arts. There’s no such thing, it’s BS. What it is, is a way for a promoter to not pay a fighter. That’s what amateur means. It means I don’t have to pay you because I consider you an amateur and I believe there is no real amateur mixed martial arts in this sport, until the Olympic committee gets behind it like they did with USA boxing and boxing in other countries. I would love for that to happen.” – Dana White
I read the books. My wife read them and told me it was about the future and a mostly-hot girl who is hell with a bow and arrow and she gets stuck in a battle where she’s forced to kill 23 other kids while starving to death and hallucinating. I stopped reading books for the most part when I graduated college because I was a compulsive reader of the classics and at a certain point, you just burn out, can quote Fitzgerald to Chaucer and say, I’m out. Let’s watch Selling New York and maybe eat candy in bed hungover. I’m checking out, thanks for the memories Old Man and the Sea. Sorry about that shark. That shit sucked.
Keep in medium heat for 5 mins. Let cool.
spiders on your bed
The whole dream sequence is remarkably fun, and occasionally surreal, as when a mysterious cross-dressing vendor helps Keaton evade the crooks by inviting the detective to jump through his chest and somehow flip through a false wall hiding behind the vendor. That's a bit of pure movie magic that doesn't really make a shred of sense; it's a flight of fancy that could only work in the movies. The same goes for the hilarious scene where Keaton leaps through a window in which he'd previously set up a readymade disguise. Jumping through the window, he also jumps through the clothes and lands outside dressed up as an old woman. That transformation is an echo of the one that propelled Keaton into the movie universe in the first place: he passes through a screen and comes out the other side magically changed, the usual rules suspended.
I fear that 2012 is going to be a repeat of 2011, but on turbo.
He went out with her from 1997-99 and he made three donations – she told him she had ovarian cancer and that’s why she needed it. How does he feel knowing that she lied about having cancer? He has to be wondering what else she lied about. Like the fact that she might have been married. She says “David Solomon” is the sperm donor for all 14 children (see IVF link).
Snapping the leash is a form of discipline that throws your dog off balance. It makes him lose his concentration, stops him from doing a behavior, conditions him to avoid the thing he’s doing, and prevents excitement from escalating.
Early in his career, Casey struck up a friendship with the late Ben Johnson, world team roping champ and Academy Award-winning actor. Johnson first saw Tibbs at Cheyenne (Wyo.) Frontier Days.
We reached the shore with that awe-inspiring thought and hastily grabbed another oar. Megen ran into the house for the binoculars and Emily and I bounced in our seats, waiting impatiently for her. Dollar signs were dancing in our eyes and I knew she was picturing the same thing as me: the three of us discovering a cache of buried money, hidden in the ground beside the pond, with no claim to ownership other than our own.
And CPT and I had texted, and we felt better about the situation from the morning. See, from that seminar over the weekend, we'd learned that we are from different "countries". CPT is from the country of Perfect and the country of Control. Nice... And he has dual citizenship. Double great. I'm from the country of fun. And a little bit of Peace. And each country has a National vehicle. Well, this morning, I was using my national vehicle of Peace country. The Gondola. Slow mode. Peacefully sitting on the couch. Composing my thoughts for the day. Getting ready to design.
Ache beautifully
Making origami accessible to visually impaired crafters through text instructions.
"Love me, love me ... say that you love me,
Within the past week, I made a trip to the supermarket twice. The first time I only had to pick up two items and keeping my Personal Sustainability Promise in mind, I didn’t bag my purchase. Since I was able to carry them out to the car with my hands, I didn’t mind. However, I knew ahead of time that I would be heading to the supermarket for groceries (more than I’d be able to carry in my hands) and wanted to bring my reusable shopping bag the second time around. Unfortunately, it didn’t even make it out the door with me – I had forgotten it while I rushed out. Instead of keeping all of my reusable shopping bags in the box that used to hold it, I’ve moved it outside where it’s visible. Yet it’s still not working for me when I can clearly see them.
Martin, Francis Xavier. The Irish Volunteers 1913-1915, Dublin 1963.
April lifts her glass and empties it, leaving a white moustache on her lip. Ella laughs and says, “Okay, little kitten, you need to lick your lip.”
While some have alleged that homosexuality was declassified as a mental disorder in 1973 for political reasons, fact is the APA removed it for scientific reasons. Specifically, in order for a mental condition to be classified as a psychiatric disorder, the requirement was it had to meet a two-pronged set of criteria set by a scientific committee, in consultation with experts in the field, for the revision of the whole DSM. Additionally to satisfactorily meet the two-pronged set of criteria, it had to meet both and not just one. The two-pronged set of criteria that had to be met to be classified as a mental illness or disorder was: (1) in full blown manifestation it had to be distressing to the individual, and (2) in full blown manifestation it had to be invariably associated with social dysfunction.
Sometimes when I get into this sort of situation, waiting is a helpful thing. Ideas can sort themselves out in my head after a good night's sleep. I also feel like the more clarity I get on ideas, the narrower my options become. I realize some ideas weren't really good ones, and I realize other ideas are better or worse fits, etc. I often feel like the "right" answer is out there if I can just clarify my ideas enough. That's what I'm trying to do.
Rose’s Note of Introduction:
Life is good...
We stayed in Deal for around 2 hours, enough time for a stroll in to town, along the Pier and a rest on the seafront for a spot of people watching.
Robert Forster (Jackie Brown)
“On my arrival at the police station, the policemen could not answer any of my questions and just said my client would not be charged with anything,” Mr Bester said.
And in doing so, we would find a way to keep our parents alive. We would find a way to return them to the glory they had once known. To renew their greatness. We would enable them to become the creators they had once been. When they had created us. And when they had spread through the galaxy.
You still have plenty of time to join our current challenge, “Step Out Of Your Comfort Zone”. Don’t forget to include a sentiment.
(Interesting, to see an old cover and a recent one!)
Austin: -4.7%
What say YOU? Do you feel wearing "double denim" is a fashion faux pas or that a true fashionista should be able to rock this style? Have you worn "double denim" and felt good about it? I sure want to know!
No, we boringly saved my entire salary for over a year beforehand knowing that we wanted to take on this kind of project – we just didn’t think it would be this big! We both work full-time and we try to live off one salary so that the other is used solely for renovations costs. But that’s still not enough. We have begged money from the bank (HSBC) several times, and they have been great until the last time they came to check out the house and deemed it “uninhabitable” and so wouldn’t extend us anymore credit … um yeah that was a major “YIKES what now???” moment (and btw the house was TOTALLY habitable..at least by our standards, ahem!). And we have been fortunate enough to borrow a little from family to help us though this final phase of construction which has been amazing tho we know this isn’t an option for everyone and yes we do have to pay it back so lets hope the bank deems our house habitable soon!!!
Partially buried in the ravine is a 1940s or 50s automobile! All kinds of questions immediately come to mind when you come across something like this. The first obviously is how the heck did this get here? Flood? Abandonment? A stashed bank robbery getaway car perhaps? I wanted to climb down to get a better look at the vehicle, but seeing as rattlesnakes were some of the local wildlife listed on a billboard at the trail-head, I opted to admire this wonder from afar.
OBSTACLES: The movie could compare unfavorably to the Schwarzenegger movie in which case audiences might stay away in droves.
But you first have to admit that your education system needs changing. If you hang on to that mistaken, myopic belief that your education is better than those of most developed countries, you are sunk.
As far as couponing, I find I can save more money on all of the regular food items my family eats on a regular basis--without clipping coupons. I am a strict shopper and don’t buy very few (if any) pre-packaged or processed foods/snacks and so coupons have never worked for me. I know you can get the occasional coupon that works for items I use, but it is not worth my time or money to clip
Anyway, one of the things I love most about Nichole is the way we laugh non-stop when we are together. Truth be told, she is one of the funniest people on the planet, so I think lots of other people feel this way about her as well. But it got me thinking. I need more laughter in my life. I don't think there has been a void of it or anything like that (I'm so lucky to have a HILARIOUS husband that I laugh with daily), I just need need MORE of it because it feels so darn good. I wish Nichole lived closer (although we are trying to convince her husband to move her back to California....fingers crossed). I think I'll call all my funny people this week to see if they want to hang out. ;-)
Brady also fashioned some pretty nifty digital mockups, using illustrator and photo shop, to show the potential clients what are fabulous designs would look like on their products.
I was blown away by how well this group fit together. We are all so uniquely created and have so many qualities that you wouldn’t think that we could all mesh so well, and yet, when God is in it, it works.
Next up we have Charlotte, or to be more precise, "Hush Hush Sweet Charlotte Pork Chop M&M." She has the longest name of any of our dogs. That's for sure!
8. Salt and pepper as per taste.
But consciousness is not enough. We all have seen people who are quite conscious of the speed limits while they are violating them. We don’t have to look beyond ourselves to discover the culprits. For our behavior to change we must move beyond consciousness to conviction.
Yeah, anyway, the songs is REPO are rather terrible, full of obvious, bland lyrics. There’s a lot of songs, too. The Never Wrong insists REPO “holds the record for the most songs ever composed into one film, with a total of 64,” and who am I to argue with Wikipedia? Every so often a song will come together, and it’s probably not a surprise that those songs tend to be sung by people who can sing; which is to say Anthony Head and Sarah Brightman. Mostly, though, the songs make you wish there wasn’t so much singing. The songs just never stop and when you get a clunky song with banal lyrics …
In coordination with the Pennsylvania State Police, George Sr. and George Jr. were arrested together in a vehicle while transporting a young woman to Pennsylvania from Upstate New York to work for their operation.
But why am I so obsessed? I guess there is a part of me that can't quite believe that I'm not still 15-years-old, daydreaming about marrying Molly Ringwald while doing my paper round. But it’s not like I even want to be a teenager again, and certainly not one “in heat”. That gets seriously complicated. Nope, this is just another example of how music can reach deep into our unconscious with its slender fingers, teasing out feelings that we assume we’ve long since buried. The devious bastard...
The Incarnation is a difficult doctrine to come to grips with. By the incarnation we’re referring to the event of God becoming a man in the person of Jesus of Nazareth. Part of the reason for this difficulty is because there is a whole bunch of technical terminology that is flung around that needs to be understood. And a lot of these technical terms refer to specific ways of understanding the incarnation that, for one reason or another, don’t express the way the Bible speaks about the person of Jesus.
- 6 small fresh figs, quartered
The temp opposite is scared of her boss and will come in early just to switch said bosses’s computer on and will leave to be sure said PC is switched off. She has a permanent pained look on her face worried she’s going to go wrong. And her boss isn’t a tryant, she just can’t organise her way out of a paperbag.
This January afternoon of 1855, the old Chief’s careful direction would be guiding his people, like or not, to a destination of peaceful reconciliation with those who were to come. Big changes were in the wind, and Chief Seattle knew this. The ancient ways were being compacted to legend by these whitish immigrants with their steam-breathing machines. In the face of narrowing options the Duwamish peoples had no simple, and no welcome, adjustments to make.
But, is this the Biblical blueprint? Is this what we see modeled in Scripture. Didn’t Jesus say: “Go and make disciples of all nations…” Didn’t He say, “You are to be my witnesses…? So, how can we do this if we do all of this at our church buildings? Is salt any good if it stays in the salt shaker?
So, when Brietbart.com cites the Rasmussen poll and then asks if it might be time for President Obama to panic, the answer is, ah, no. Like everything else that goes on at that sewer of a website, it's bullshit.
The last obvious point that could, in principle, constitute a weakness is the open nature of the Antifa recruitment process. Given the large numbers of people Antifa must attract to be at all effective, and given further the lack of any obvious mechanism whereby an infiltrator could impair Antifa’s ability to achieve its goals, we must assume that virtually anyone who wants to join any of the subgroups that combine to form Antifa as a whole is welcome provided they display a minimum level of commitment. This suggests that finding a way of making infiltration hurt Antifa could radically reduce its recruitment capabilities while hurting morale at the same time.
1 reproductive
We, the Church, have been used by the political system. This is not just the Republican Party, though they are a large culprit. We’ve been used by political and religious leaders seeking to create a legislative apparatus of “Trickle-down Morality”. Twenty-nine-or-so years ago Jerry Falwell et al. created the Moral Majority, which sought to establish a political coalition to make religious (particularly Christian) voters into a powerful political demographic. The Moral Majority found enormous success at delivering this demographic to Ronald Reagan in the 1980 Presidential election. This was arguably the first time since the 1920s that the Church played a major role in politics. This, understandably, excited many within morally conservative religious communities. But this also began the intertwining of Christian ideals with right-wing conservative doctrine. In other words, two things that should have virtually nothing to do with each other have become nearly indistinguishable. And one thread in particular holds it all together: abortion.
My daughter was born just before the disaster of 9/11, and my entire existence was knocked out of balance. I became politically motivated. I suddenly felt the true power of submission and femininity like never before. I began to feel the need to submit to my husband, who up until that point had acted like a teenager in a man’s body. My feminist upbringing taught me how to fill in the gaps for him and literally perform his duties when he would not. The more I acted like a real woman, the more he in turn behaved like a real man. I think we fell into very traditional roles when our children came and it made us mature very quickly as man and wife.
Houston Chronicle
1. East Midlands party funds? All Groups and Branches in the East Midlands currently have a total of £27,500, £19,000 being held in our own Regional Account, with a further £8,500 owed to us by Party Central. At this juncture, copies of the bank account were passed to all present.
According to noted Reggae music author, historian, DJ and commentator Carter Van Pelt, few groups have played reggae outside Jamaica as convincingly as the Blue Riddim Band. The group coalesced as Rhythm Function in the mid-70s under the guidance of multi-instrumentalist and composer Bob Zohn and percussionist Steve "Duck" McLane. The group earned a reputation skillfully playing soul and R&B at clubs in the South and Northeast of the U.S. The original line-up included McLane (drums, bass, percussion & vocals), Zohn (guitar, drums & lead vocals), Andy Myers (bass & trombone), Scott Korchak (trumpet & lead vocals), Pat Pearce (keyboards, percussion & vocals), Jack Blackett (saxophone), and Howard Yukon (guitar, percussion & vocals.
Therefore those who hatefully & ridiculously assert that the British should have killed off all of the Boers do not seem to realize that not only would this not have prevented Apartheid -but that it would have made the situation even worse since the Afrikaner Nationalists would have had even more fuel on which to rise to power on the platform of ethnic domination. A program of domination which they effectively stole from the British since it was the original idea of the British to ethnically dominate South Africa with English speakers -but when that plan failed -they simply turned to the newly radicalized Cape based Afrikaners as collaborators to fill this role as the surrogate colonial power for the new macro State devised by the British.
We, the people of the United States, have the ultimate say in the policies our elected officials create and the decisions they make. When our voices are not heard the educational failure our children experience is not attributable to those we elected, the onus is on us for continuing to re-elect the individuals who choose not to listen. Our voice is our vote, it is time we speak up.
Dr. Bennett somehow remembered to slip off his shoes before stepping into the water. Before he was in up to his knees he grabbed one little body that floated towards him, lifted it up and deposited it onto the bank. The boy shook Dr. Bennett’s hands off with a ‘I was doing very well on my own, thank you’ look and headed straight back into the water. His second attempt met with more appreciation. Mrs. Warmisham pressed one of her muddy and dripping little girls to her silky floral outfit.
This is my first interview ever
I’ve decided to add a new challenge today. And that challenge is to not spend any money today. I’ve never been great with money. I’ve always had enough to pay my bills, but at the end of every two weeks I find myself counting pennies just to make it to payday. How does this happen? I’ve read stories of families of 4 living on half of what I make. Granted, I do have huge student loans to pay off, but still- I don’t have a mortgage, I don’t have a car, I rarely go on crazy shopping sprees. The truth is, when I go back and look at my debit card statement, most of my unnecessary purchases are on food- and food that I don’t even need! A few dollars here and there really adds up at the end of the week. Often I’ll go out and buy a little something when I’m bored or anxious. This habit is not good for my wallet or my waistline.
Eden, starring Jamie Chung and Beau Bridges, was a huge hit at the South by Southwest Arts Festival. It won the Women’s Director Award and the Narrative Feature Audience Award. Jamie Chung won a special jury prize for her acting performance.
While irritable bowel syndrome is a chronic condition, most people can successfully minimize flare-ups by watching what they eat and managing the stress in their lives. If you want to lessen your digestive distress, it is worthwhile to give these tips a try.
in the grey room
I'm recording a downloadable "single" each month during 2012 - free to listen or £1 to own - so if you like lo-fi experimental electronic pop kind of stuff then give it a go. The 3rd monthly single is now online and you can download them as follows.
I was there months ago when they just served bread pudding. Now they’ve added eight different kinds of cupcakes and chocolate chip cookies… I am in trouble.
Sara’s List
May’s looking pretty good, chicks, the way it’s stretching out in front of me.
And a soul whose misdeeds were so voluminous that the skin of the Defaced was completely covered by an overlapping cyclorama of wretched inks? Suffice it to say that they do not return from the encounter.
“. . . they’ll remarry Ere the worm pierce your winding-sheet, ere the
And so ended my baseball career. Sorry, dad!
Some films may continue to use devices such as cloning and time-travel, and be strong because of this, but some films may eventually dispense with these devices completely. Either way, so long as the film is structured around the affects it creates, rather than correspondence with outside criteria, it is an example of the cinema of affects.
Now, Tommy is also heading up my blog site, putting the soul of Safe Harbor right in front of visitors.
Of the original “three-panel” Cinerama movies - This Is Cinerama (1952), Cinerama Holiday (1955), Seven Wonders of the World (1955), Search for Paradise (1957), Cinerama South Seas Adventure (1958), The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm (1962), How the West Was Won (1962), The Best of Cinerama (1963), and Cinerama’s Russian Adventure (1966), plus Windjammer (1958), filmed in a rival but nearly identical process, Cinemiracle, but typically shown in Cinerama anyway – only Brothers Grimm and How the West Was Won have been released to home video (the former was last spotted on laserdisc, while HTWWW has made it to Blu-ray), and most haven’t been heard from at all since there original release.
Captain America #10
It was interesting to learn about how they trim the sails to catch the right amount of wind, and maintain the correct milling velocity, and how they raise and lower the millstones to adjust for small differences in grinding speed … but I personally am not sure I’d not rather have stayed inside. The ground was far below – 36 feet – and the deck of the stage did not give off the most comfortable feeling.
Meanwhile...I already had the heat gun out...and there was the oval mirror found in the alley in all it's mildewed glory...
I’ve been convinced,
with the dates on which you'd like to perform.
For those that don't know, Reverend Peyton’s Big Damn Band is a family band made up of the Rev on guit box, Breezy, his wife, on Washboard, and brother Jayme on drums.
The DTM programme coaches and guides young people in order to;
unruffled rest
Look mummy des da moon!
When I first saw the movie, I was able to relate because for years, I was that little guy going up against big business. Eventually it came to the point where we just couldn't compete any longer. Special pricing, perks, discounts, rewards, whatever you want to call it, it's easy for a big company to bury the "neighborhood" competition with the help of deep pockets, and/or the legal system. Those with the most money, even if they are in the wrong, usually win.
And then sofa dreams and toothpaste smiles, restless nights and solo pillow fights,
The punk rock kids had been participating in a charity concert to help orphaned children when the raid occurred. The Deputy Mayor behind the crackdown said of the punks' charitable endeavor:
And my glad response is:
I have, which is why I decided it was time to teach my Sonia -- an only child who is quite mature for her age -- to sew. She didn't accomplish much today, in fact, I don't think she managed more than a few rotations of the hand crank, but I did see the needle go up and down and I am certain stitches were formed.
What more can I say? Jack is a wonderful kid who I love!
People's Pilsner: 4.2%
“Enjoy yourself!” Jacqueline shouts at me.
We meet them in 1936 at the time of the festival of Lughnasa, which celebrates the pagan god of the harvest with drunken revelry and dancing. Their spare existence is interrupted by brief, colorful bursts of music from the radio, their only link to the romance and hope of the world at large. The action of the play is told through the memory of the youngest sister’s illegitimate son as he remembers his mother, his uncle, his four maiden aunts, and the eventful summer after which their way of life would change forever.
Goldin’s photographs use a mixture of soft and hard colours and tones. I think these depend on the situation and mood she is looking to set with the photograph. For example, Nan One Month after Being Battered use quite hard, the blue background, red lipstick, dark hair and bruised eyes all standing out, making for a very striking photograph with a very striking subject matter. On the other hand, the images taken on the train or on the rocks use softer colours and tones, where Goldin is possibly trying to capture one of the quieter moments of her life.
Bourbon Stout (Rockyard). A Large and chewy Stout aged on ‘Four Roses’ bourbon barrels. Brewer, Jim Stinson.
Samantha Chrisanthus, who studies Political Science and Women’s Studies at McGill, interviews Dan Tsang about his work in libraries and radio stations, as well as his efforts to document and archive injustice and harm. Sam begins by asking Dan how Subversity started and what led him to radio. In this lively and very informative interview, Dan discusses topics such as how to document police harassment and abuse, the chilling effects of the current case of the Irvine 11 on student movements and student activism, and why we need data liberation movements and radical archiving. Dan also talks about obtaining FBI files on dead activists (and philosophers) and why we should think about preserving our own archives while we are still here and making them.
If you are planning on braving the cold and holding a protest as part of the month of action please send details asap to: notowelfare@yahoo.co.uk or leave details in the comments.
Most online poker rooms will offer you sign up deposit bonus. Many starting players are lured with these first time deposit bonuses without knowing that they are eligible for a rekaback.
This spring book-signing emphasizes Laid-Back Skier as an ideal gift at Easter time: All our ski bunnies, and the spring colors, and the fact that the book’s size lends itself to Easter baskets. Spring skiers will enjoy the book. Laid-Back Skier is ideal for Christmas, too. Or a birthday, or for somebody who is not feeling well or is down on their luck. The messages are uplifting and positive.
Now onto the second to last day of Question Week. If you want to play along just copy the questions and answer along on your blog. Leave me a comment to let me know you are playing along!
“True,” Leonard agreed.
Saturday was busy with chores all around.
The above postcard shows the first Minneapolis Public Library that was built in 1889 at Tenth Street and Hennepin Avenue in downtown Minneapolis. That library was the main library of the Minneapolis Public Library system until a new library was built in 1961.
I have been busy this week canning green beans, and making salsa. Organizing my home, and teaching my children. I want my simpler life back :) My year will consist of caring for my family and my home, and growing closer to my Heavenly Father. You know, focusing on what TRULY matters :)
I’m not old enough to graduate college and I still feel clueless about how to enter the real world. I’ve concluded that college is weird. We gain independence and responsibility, but in a protected sort of way. We are encouraged to start our own lives and make our own choices but I’m still dependent on my parents for most of my needs. I still don’t have a job (not for lack of trying), I don’t know how to do my own taxes, I don’t have my own health insurance or house, and I don’t have a clue about how to survive completely on my own. Even though I’m almost 22 and technically an adult, I don’t feel like one.
WestBow Press now have 58 published titles and are proving to be a more sustainable option than similar competitors like Harlequin's DellArte Press and the recent launch of Balboa Press (Hay House Publishing). Early cover art on those 58 books from this service is also surprisingly strong on some of its titles.
As an added bonus here’s a picture from Session #21 wherein the gang located the Cobbler’s Workshop in Tsar! I’ll be working on getting the session summary written up and hopefully posted a little later in the week.
I, for one, know that these ads make me want to rush right out and spend hundreds of dollars on a pair of Marc Jacobs sunglasses. (That's sarcasm friends).
At this point I was beyond exhausted. My mom brain couldn't handle anymore. There is nothing worse than having a sick child and not being able to do anything about it.
He even mentions it on the government’s official Sarawak Page website CV!
The 1980’s in Punjab witnessed a decade long insurgency, which was fuelled by failed attempts at gaining greater autonomy for the Indian state of Punjab, which has a Sikh majority. Fundamental to the agitation between the Sikhs and the State was the issue related to the identity of the Sikhs. Article 25 of the Indian Constitution defines Sikhs as Hindus, and thus denies the distinct existence of the Sikh religion. Furthermore, there were complaints of territorial loss, in which the State transferred the capital of Punjab to a neighbouring state. Through the 1970s, government canals diverted 75% of Punjab’s water to the states of Rajasthan and Haryana (Kaur, 2002). This act is in violation of the international law of riparian rights (Kaur, 2002). The Sikhs had been engaging in civil disobedience since the 1950s and risked arrest and protest over these issues. The agitation reached its peak in 1984.
Off the back of all this, I managed to score a gig at one of Vietnam’s biggest expat-lifestyle magazines and started writing for them on a part-time basis as well as managing their online presence. Filled with initial trepidation, and not having a great deal of work-experience outside that of a classroom, I surprised myself by recognising just how diligent and passionate I’d become about working on such projects. It seemed that more doors abroad, being a big fish in a small pond, opened too!
Arnold and his wife were cleaning out the attic one day when he came across a ticket from the local shoe repair shop. The date stamped on the ticket showed that it was over eleven years old. They both laughed and tried to remember which of them might have forgotten to pick up a pair of shoes over a decade ago.
This gorgeous weather has my little Caighton confused...she thinks it is Summer already and has been walking around the house in her bathing suit, wearing her goggles, and begging to go to the pool :))
2 types
Where has the time gone?! And what in the world am I doing in my career? Do I even really have a career, or am I just working? How did I get to where I am right now? Am I happy? I don't know anymore. But I am generally a happy person! I firmly believe in waking up in the morning and choosing your attitude - a good attitude! And invoking grace in the face of others' bad behavior. You know, killing 'em with kindness. Maybe even trying out what my sister suggested, "faking 'til I feel it."
*America Live – 04/24/12 (@ 2:38 p.m. ET)
Like the butterfly, there is a letting go that happens for us when we agree to break free from our chrysalis or cocoon. It is a life stage where we transform our old self into something more expanded. The chrysalis is an important part of us, but we cannot stay there, just like we cannot stay in the past. While it can be very scary to burst from the chrysalis when the future is unknown it is the only way to move forward.
While she ate we talked about rainbows and how they are made with the help of my handy dandy weather book I found at Goodwill. Did you know a rainbow is what you see when sunlight has been bent and spread apart by millions of falling raindrops? Isn't that cool?
E-The concert venue didn’t allowed smoking in the hall . Everyone was forced to dump their ciggies at the entrance during the mandatory security check. This, is good because
All invitations can be customized to suit your style, taste, and photos. The colors, fonts, wording, photo styles and layout can be adjusted in order to provide you with the perfect invitation. Also, any invitation can be changed to a different gender.
You will find an array of ideas along the hop and be sure to become a follower and leave some love aka comments along the way.
My friend Pattie Tierney has several fabulous websites that encompass my own passions: Food and Mystery. I've asked her to guest blog before, and she's always posted something wonderful. So, this past month I saw her recipe and post for Pumpkin Pie Cocoa, and I knew readers of dyingforchocolate.com would love this. So here's a repost of this fun and easy delicious recipe. Perfect for the Fall and Halloween. Thanks, Pattie!
So much has to be done around the farm that has been put off or we haven't found the time for before the snow flies.So Brad took the day off today and we got some much needed work done. The garden has been mowed and plowed, Plastic has been pulled, Potatoes dug, The rest of the Arugula and Swiss chard picked and done! Now all we have to do is spread some manure and everything is finished for the year in the garden.
5. While it may seem obvious, do not expect people to fall all over themselves in gratitude for those providing a workshop.
I spent about an hour today trying to figure out how to appeal our citation. They don’t make it easy at all. The issuing officer did not even know what the appeal process is. There is nothing on the citation regarding an appeal process or on the website. So perhaps people just pay the fine. We are not guilty…therefore we will not pay until we are heard. The Raleigh City Government website is horrible. They are making Due Process hard. I finally called the Animal Control Dispatch and was able to speak to the supervisor. He was kind enough to hear me out and let me know that if I don’t pay the fine within 72 hours we may have a summons issued. My Due Process is in court! Seems a little crazy that a minor issue as such would get tied up in the court system. I think an administrative board would be more effective. I mean there are hardened criminals and child molesters waiting for their time in court and I am clogging up the system wanting to be heard over a minor citation. There is something terribly wrong with this.
Chibuzo sways to the rhythm of the dance
So strong, and so affectionate;
tears unshed, how bright they shine,
So if I get all this done....I'm going to have a backyard BBQ. I can see shopping for paper lanterns and lights next. :))))
It’s not just about making a few friends in the tech sector, says Harris; networking is especially important in what she calls “the frenetic startup culture,” where happy hours are often where an entrepreneur can meet her angel investor.
In developing my signature, I thought about many other methods of presentation, but settled on this as the best means to make my point–long after the signing is over.
When we’ve finished serving ourselves and are eating I feel a really warm feeling within. I am sharing this magical moment with my parents and enjoying this beautiful food. I am feeling very content about my place in the family as well as content in my tummy.
I awoke in my armchair, as per usual. I’d had a heavy session on the booze the night before, drowning my sorrows with some cheap bottles of vermouth I’d got from the Co-Op discount bin.
District Judge Lucy H. Koh of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, San Jose division ruled on Wednesday that the plaintiffs’ antitrust claims cannot be dismissed on the basis of implausibility, and that they have adequately pleaded antitrust injury as a result of six agreements among the companies.
So come on everyone, let’s start a revolution. Better roles for women in film.
He is a gentleman plain and simple, and treats everyone with respect.
Right, this is what my forty-something post and I have yet to explain my love for Hugh Jackman?
Hours: 10:00am-6:oopm (April-October), 10:00am-4:30pm (November-March)
Matt and I have been looking for a church ever since we moved to Carpinteria about 3 months ago. While we haven’t been able to attend church every Sunday due to Matt’s work schedule, we’ve still visited 6 or 7 churches so far and have another new one laid out to visit tonight. While we both know that no church is perfect and believe it is important to be in consistent Christian community wherever we are, we’re having a really hard time finding a church we can both feel comfortable in because we’re both recent seminary graduates and too idealistic for our own good. (Plus, Matt is also a musician.) Aside from the basic tenants of faith we would never bend on, here’s what we’re looking for (in no particular order). * indicates a must.
A train has advantages over other types of vehicles. It is a highly efficient, consistent, and relatively cheap way to get a lot of people to the same place at the same time. If schooling is like riding a train, as I described in my last post, then schooling is an efficient way to make sure that all students will "get to the same place," educationally, riding on the same tracks at the same pace, right?
Fleece for stuffing the egg yolk
1). 28mm Napoleonics
Geej: No! It's HORRIBLE!
So what is the immediate impact of this doubling to tripling of development costs? A publisher will have to sell 4+ million copies at 59.99$ simply to turn a small profit. A next generation HomeFront will likely cost between 100-150 million dollars to make. While a big game like say Mass Effect could go for over 200 million dollars, which as Warren pointed out simply cannot be sustained.
The past week has been a trying one to say the least. January has typically been a slow month for everybody. Even the cold weather, which usually keeps us hopping, didn't do much for business.
Come noon and the Arkitrekkers were 80% finished with the building. The kids from Albi's village had come out and watched with curious fascination as the Arkitrekkers raced against the clock to get the building done.
Eventually, yesterday morning I phoned Helen and asked if she had one I could borrow. And so here it is. But not only did she say I could borrow it (and no rush to return it), but she also told me of one for sale (from another friend). So I now have a local overlocker waiting for me to go and try out.
Some of Sinclair’s research had demonstrated the benefits of resveratrol on the SIRT1 pathway in other organisms, but a debate persisted over how it worked.
On my way to the appointment I kept praying for a healthy baby.
Well done everyone. Thank you for your contributions. Good night!
Everything is not equal in the same firing even with the same clay and glaze. I wanted the glaze on the carved bamboo plate above to break tan and look like the textured leaf below with that color green. I previously did a test tile with the same glaze and I liked what it did, breaking to a tan.
Starting Numbers:
No, that's not a squealing sound I'm attempting by labeling this post "eee." Instead, it's a goal I have for this month, and hopefully I'll find success and be able to continue it well beyond May.
Our esteemed President has also weighed in on the subject - three guesses on which side he's taking! The DNC also apparently has a horse in this race, because they are organizing their little guts out in the Madison community these days. Twittering twit Michael Moore has also piped up, of course, likening Wisconsin to the New Cairo, and called Gov. Walker "Mini-Mubarak". There are plenty of "Recall Walker" signs to support Moore's idea, but it's highly doubtful Walker will resign over this, so hopefully they aren't getting their hopes up too high. Fascinating how they are all working together, no? Obama, unions, and the DNC all in lockstep arm in arm - how cozy....
Then I walked on and crossed the bridge.
Amazing prizes are to be given, such as, a pair of circle lens by Kiwibrry1, a box of lashes and etc.
Although we didn't plan it this way, all three of the films we caught at MVFF will be released in San Francisco before the year is out. Coming to the Balboa December 2nd will be Jason Cohn and Bill Jersey's Eames: The Architect and The Painter. I had heard about the Charles and Ray Eames's marriage and professional partnership in a past podcast (the name of which escapes me), so I was ready for the most revealing aspect of Cohn and Jersey's documentary; that is, how important Ray Eames's work was to the success of their designs. They were a couple speeding past the Zeitgeist of the 50's, having to negotiate the respect Ray wanted and Charles wanted for Ray within the patriarchal narratives demanded of the times. The television clip where the hostess can't seem to integrate the female half of this couple is a very valuable moment of archival retrieval. Eames: The Architect and The Painter is an example of the value and necessity of what is often called 'revisionist history', a term sadly intended negatively by too many mindless talking heads. Much history is 'revisionist history' in that it is the applying of recently excavated information to create a new narrative that is hopefully more representative of what actually happened and why. In this way, Eames: The Architect and The Painter brings a lathe to refine the record of the impact of the Eames studio. It's no longer just Charles who gets a seat at the table since he wasn't alone in the creation of those seats and tables.
I bought Té de Bergamot room spray and we bought packages of amazing teas ..
Helen Hamilton has spent her entire sixteen years trying to hide how different she is—no easy task on an island as small and sheltered as Nantucket. And it's getting harder. Nightmares of a desperate desert journey have Helen waking parched, only to find her sheets damaged by dirt and dust. At school she's haunted by hallucinations of three women weeping tears of blood . . . and when Helen first crosses paths with Lucas Delos, she has no way of knowing they're destined to play the leading roles in a tragedy the Fates insist on repeating throughout history.
HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR PEOPLE! ^_^ 恭喜发财！ 红包拿来。。 :p
Proverbs 22:3 tells us that "A prudent man foreseeth the evil, and hideth himself: but the simple pass on, and are punished." That is excellent advice from the wisest man who ever lived! Noah Webster defines prudent as "Cautious; circumspect; practically wise; careful of the consequences of enterprises, measures or actions; cautious not to act when the end is of doubtful utility, or probably impracticable; foreseeing by instinct." We need to learn to be observant of our surroundings so we will not be caught off guard and hurt. When I entered that yarn aisle in Wal-Mart, I thought it was strange that a man would be shopping for yarn. That is being observant or prudent.
But hey, you can hold your head up high, and tell the world you aren't a used car! (Well, technically, after you divorce, you WILL be, but... um... that can be one of those little "mysterious" details you never tell about yourself.)
Day Four of our special Scor-pal/GlueArts week and we have some more fun projects lined up for you!
13. Houses In Motion
You changed it all around–
The game has officially changed! I just got a full page in Coastal Living, things are crazy, life is good.
Your help is very important to me.
1 tbsp dijon mustard
What your eyes are greeted are a lustrous collage of dark stones and dim blue illuminated ripples, beckoning you down a sloping walkway into the water, light.
It has been a long 2 years of trying to move on.
Thanks for stopping by the blog---hope you enjoyed what you saw!
I do an inordinate amount of my wine drinking by myself. In my kitchen. In my sweatpants. In my bed. In my bathtub, or hey, even the shower (I’ve mastered that, too). I can also easily polish off a bottle of champagne or Asti for dessert. There’s something to be said about a relaxing night of me time and a bottle of wine. Last weekend I had one such night and decided to make red wine braised short ribs, too, before a phone date with my best lady friend who lives in the far away land of Albany. What a nice romantic dinner. I even got fancy and used a cloth napkin on the sofa!
Ultimately, I don’t quite know where I stand on this contemporary remake culture. Seeing an old favourite brought back to life in dazzling glory is truly a sight to behold, but more often than not the attempts are half-baked and they drag the original’s name through the mud in the process. In such cases, I’d rather they were just left well alone. One thing that’s for certain though – the remakes and reboots will keep on coming, good and bad. There’s another one due to hit cinemas this summer, as it happens. My Spidey sense is tingling, that’s for sure… *cough*
This recipe was adapted from the recipe on The Pioneer Woman Cooks website. For step by step instructions, please go to her site at:
- I was still bald and exhausted, BUT +, Craig and Seth came down to help me take the twins back to the beach.
Happy weekend - i'll be detoxing on the beach this weekend - and Sunday i want to be off the grid - let's see how this works out! *only bad news, when you get the stuff, you gotta start THAT day, short shelf life, so ZIP boozen' it up and no eating this weekend*
#20 Tagged by :
Aron Packer and Schopf on Lake merge
UPDATE! Ok, let's see if the linky works :) Thanks Amber for the idea!
1. Write eleven random things about yourself.
In 2004 he won the Democratic nomination for Congress in Missouri’s 8th District.
I also love the easy feedback I get from Reading Eggs. With one quick glance at the dashboard on the website, I can see how many of the 100 lessons he has completed, how many golden eggs he has, his estimated reading age (i.e. 6.5 yrs means he's reading at the level of an average 6 1/2-year-old), how many of the 237 phonics skills he has mastered, and how many of the 200 sight words he knows. Notes further down the dashboard give me a quick overview of the content he has just learned, as well as some statistics about his activities.
I feel like we're on the verge of big news or a big decision. Pray that I can stay centered on God's will during all the changes that are taking place. We are so thankful for our friends and family that have stayed with us during this journey and the new friends that we meet daily who are on the same path. We couldn't do this without you.
Gar just slammed home 911,520.
You can name the rest.
5. How many members are there?
Via “Dr. C.”, he may be about to step into Integrity, and tell America the “fascinating, rich, multi-layered” Truth about “Obama”.
He nearly didn’t go the office that morning. He’d been travelling and his wife, Semse, wanted him to stay home and rest. He admitted his weariness, but went on to work. There was much to be done. Semse recalls, “As my dear husband walked out the door, he smiled at me one last time. I didn’t know that was the last smile.”
(I received a copy of this book free from Waterbrook Press for the purpose of review.)
“The American reconstruction team has refurbished a modern museum on the site, as well as a model of the Ishtar Gate that for decades served as a visitors’ entrance. Inside the museum is one of the site’s most valuable relics: a glazed brick relief of a lion, one of 120 that once lined the processional way into the city. The museum, with three galleries, is scheduled to open this month, receiving its first visitors since 2003. And with new security installed, talks are under way to return ancient Babylonian artifacts from the National Museum in Baghdad. The fate of Babylon is already being disputed by Iraqi leaders, with antiquities officials clashing with local authorities over when to open it to visitors and how to exploit the site for tourism that, for the most part, remains a goal more than a reality. Even now they are clashing over whether the admission fee should go to the antiquities board or the provincial government.”
Before they saw the flash......
Last, it is worth dwelling upon the book's idiosyncratic narrative technique, one that stands at an angle to the large embrace, and smoothened surfaces and transitions, of conventional realism (although conventional realism, too, can be endlessly complex). In his short stories Hussein has always revealed a love of the fragment, of allusive passages that stand alone and whose relationship to the rest of the text must be resolved by the reader.
I think we have rain coming this way, if I heard right
reconciling the lottery of different peoples' lot in life. What I can say I
* I am touched and heartened by the outpouring of financial help for Haiti that is being talked about on blogs, various yahoogroups, and Facebook. So many good places to give—and people are really doing it, not just talking about it. Did you see that Pioneer Woman is holding a contest? She'll donate a total of $1000 to the charity of the winners' choices for Haitian aid. That is phenomenal.
Oh dear! This always happens to me eventually. Por ejemplo, in english I now say ¨I have hunger.¨ instead of I am hungry. Well, I must sleep, for I have tiredness that can only come from hours of Tango.
I like being the best of both worlds. I don’t always succeed though. A good man/.bad boy though means you have to bring your A game. I cant bring out the best in my lover if WE don’t connect. So the walls have to come down. I think people forget that. I think a lot of folks sit back and measure you up, grade you, evaluate you ………and then decide “no way” when they discover your not willing to pull 90% of the work. All the while failing to look in the mirror to see what theyre doing to make something genuine happen.
A hippie mama (in my mind) spends time with her child picking wildflowers and composing music to the beat of the bongos. Mostly I watch tv with my kids. Only educational tv though. Well. Mostly. But I have discovered a few cheap, easy ways to make a bit of an effort toward saving the earth, protecting animals, promoting family time, etc. And, let’s face it, if we all made just a bit of an effort, wouldn’t it make a huge difference?
On Day three I had a special day planned for Alyssa and Dominick. Being that they are the "middles" of the family, sometimes they really get the short end of the stick. Amy (by best Buddy) and her family, were up for a special day too. We planned long ago a day at Discovery Cove for the elementary crew and my dear husband took everyone else for a day of Sea World Fun! (Sea World by the way, ended up being the favorite park of many of my children. They had the best roller coaster for the big kids and the shows were amazing. The food prices were better than the other parks and they got to eat all you can eat pasta for lunch- which was a fav.)
12:00am: After a day of catnapping in 30min- 1 hour spurts I finally went to sleep for the night. Despite not being a back sleeper, I slept pretty soundly.
If the Afghan government is able to ride through what will undoubtedly be a very difficult period between 2010 – 2012, then the prospects for long-term development will become slightly more optimistic. But even the most optimistic perspective means slow, flawed and fragile progress at best.
The bread that I will give
City That She Most Wants to Visit: Malta
"Lord and Lady Tiques-Roadshow...and their daughter Ann"
Side note: In the event of a zombie apocalypse the best friend will refrain from using their friend as a human shield, bait, food or trip friend in a selfish attempt to divert zombies to save their own hide.*Footnote: Best friend can not be held responsible for any actions such as trying to eat their friend in the event that they themselves become a zombie.
There have been more changes in my department, and in my own station. Most have been for the better.
The PKR de facto leader, who was himself sacked from his post as Umno deputy president in 1998 over allegations of sodomy and corruption, agreed that Najib’s refusal to coax an unequivocal resignation from Shahrizat may result in a public backlash for the prime minister.
Hearts race, as love filled every empty space, inside our souls...
RITALIN DOSAGES. Twice-exceptional kids with AD/HD may be affected differently by different doses of methylphenidate (Ritalin). A study using monkeys recently found that low doses boost cognitive performance, but that while higher doses can reduce hyperactivity they may also impair memory. Find a writeup of the study.
If you’ve tried it and it didn’t rock your world, fair enough. Different strokes for different folks, but ya gotta give a stroke a chance!
I love you my sweet Jordyn and miss you so much.
You’ve had lessons to learn. Sometimes, those lessons have hurt.
If I had all the money in the world I'd shell her as a Volks Lorina but I don't have $2304983249 to spend on just her head.
When I found out I was pregnant with Drew, I was so excited. Nervous, but excited. Little did I know, she would rock my world.
The last six years of my life have been the best years. I can't even tell you how much I love that little boy, that is getting bigger by the moment. He puts a smile on my face and tears of joy in my eyes. My first born just melts my heart (his little brothers do too, but more on them on their birthday next month!).
Dies: My Favorite Things & WPlus9
For more ideas of ways to utilize scarves go to this post, "Scarves Aren't Made For Just "Around Your Neck" at this link.
“Ewww did you avoid the mirror this morning?”
On December 17th, 2010, President Obama signed a bill extending the Bush tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans for another two years.
Race Record: Starts: 29; Wins: 8; 2nd: 4; 3rd: 6; Win & Place Prize Money: £203,051
I’m sure it’s possible to be allergic to the ingredients in this delicious and simple dessert, but it is safe for the big three: dairy, wheat, and legumes (peanuts et al).
Eddie “Truck” Gordon urged people to support this “great cause.”
My latest find is Digby & Iona, a brand launched in 2006 by designer Aaron Ruffs who has a penchant for hidden treasure. The latest collection is called 'Me & My Arrow' and takes inspiration from prehistoric times and ancient tools. Each piece is created with a simple aesthetic, which naturally appeases my minimalist style. I love how fine the pieces are and the dedication to detail, especially the teeny tiny feathers attached to each arrow.
EXCLUSIVE!
- A LOT of contemporary fiction. And I mean a LOT. Not just in the genre you want to write, either – be adventurous, or how will you know what else is out there? You wouldn’t expect to succeed as a doctor or scientist if your training was years out of date; and you won’t succeed as a children’s author or a fantasy author, or any other kind, if the last children’s book or YA fantasy novel you read was twenty years ago when you were twelve. It’s surprising how many people don’t believe this. Are they sustained by an inner conviction that the books they read years ago were the golden standard from which writing has since declined? Who knows? They are deluded.
Abraham – to go to an unknown destination. He could have replied, “A place You will show me, Lord? I have no idea where I’m going!”
In the past, unregulated capitalism has led to horrendous treatment of employees, massive pollution and in this day and age, a recession that is teetering on the brink of a full-scale economic collapse. The evils of unregulated capitalism is a great look at the issues surrounding this topic. If unregulated capitalism works, then PLEASE, please, please show me one example of a developed country in which this has been a success for more than a few decades. Just one example. You can't. Because humans tend to be greedy and power-hungry people don't make great decisions for the entire society. The past 30 years have proven this.
More than anything David wanted to get back into communication with his best client so we focused on this. I saw that his client was also the effect of the “competition against” within his own company. This was interfering with his communication with everyone involved is the project and involved his largest client. The stakes were high. David and I used meditation to clear energy between himself and his client. This is not logical. It is something that you have to do and experience to understand. At the end of this meditation, I suggested that David take an hour or two away from his office and do something that he enjoys. This was a way for him to bring his energy to a higher level so that he could create again.
Outside, on the opposite side of the Piazza, is the Galleria dell’ Accademia. I am not, however, heading there today. I am heading instead to Via Cavour, 3: the entrance to Palazzo Medici Riccardi.
Except, of course, for myself and the others who do. Some of whom slowly slide into the background again after a time, fed up of the politics of the wider Pagan world, with its egos and challenges; others who have been called ‘media tarts’ simply for standing up to represent their Paganism.
Add the egg and vanilla extract and whisk.
the added ingredient - unlikely
HT: Censorbugbear
I was determined. From the minute "he" got off of me and I got into my car, I was determined. I was determined to not only learn how not to be a victim, but to be secure and happy again inside myself. The fear, the pain, the loss, the uncertainty, the set backs, didn't stop me. I was resolute in my determination not to let him win. I was determined to have a life of joy and of peace. All my energy went into that and for the past 14 months, that has been my constant focus. But it was not easy.
Celebration
Tasting Note: Pinotage. 13.5% ABV. Color is dark purple. Nose is jam, vanilla, and some chocolate. Plums and berries, with some wood and spice, along with the vanilla. A lot going on, maybe too much, as it’s disjointed. A tick hot for me (at 13.5% it shouldn’t be, adding to the thought that this is disjointed), although the bright berry finish is pretty interesting. Not all that.
He shrugged. 'I just told her and left before she could say anything.'
99-00 Natural feature of landscape (Carving of stone outcrop, cave painting, etc.)
spend my time alone. That has been my biggest challenge as a working mom is finding time alone.
I could hear the harp ringing in sympathy
This is the excitement in my life. Actually, I’m enjoying it. It’s getting me off my butt and out into the fresh air. The walking hasn’t become regular yet, but I think that once I’m over this whatever, I can try to get back to that as we combine walking with stick throwing. I come home through the field behind the house, and I throw the stick as we cross the field. It works. I leave her off the leash until we reach the parking lot, but then put her back on as the people in the parking lot are fanatical in how they zoom in and out of the park. The last time, she carried the stick home in her mouth after I put her back on the leash. Too cute.
Neither man allowed me to use his name. Amazon, they made clear, had long since accumulated sufficient influence over their business to ensure that even these most dedicated defenders of the book – and of the First Amendment – dare not speak openly of the company’s predations.
Many efforts have been directed towards understanding the mechanism of action of these inhibiting cancer substances. So far, the obtained results encourage research for the production of new synthetic compounds and testing with natural products such as vitamins, minerals and phytochemicals. Many epidemiological studies have been conducted in recent years and new substances that act as inhibitors of tumor formation were identified. Among the synthetic compounds to enhance some are: aspirin, N-acetyl cysteine, ibuprofen, oltipraz, piroxicam, sulindac, tamoxifen and vorozol. Among the components of natural products are: calcium, beta-carotene, curcumin, folic acid, genistein, tea extracts, polyphenols, vitamin A, vitamin D3 and vitamin E.
"I'm not a racist," Keith Bardwell, a justice of the peace in rural Tangipahoa Parish, told the Hammond Star.
That little phrase entails so much of my life. Sure, there have been dry spells in my life when I haven’t written a thing in months. But ever since I could remember, I’ve been a writer. As a little girl, I had diaries and journals filled to the brim with everyday mundane happenings. In middle and high school, my English teachers always praised my way with words. In college, many professors just assumed I was an English major because of the way I wrote. Now, this is not to say that my writing was academically awesome. Far from it, in many cases. In fact, the first English paper I ever turned in at California Baptist University received a C+ (thank you, Rachel Davis). In my world, that is the equivalent to receiving an F-. But each unsatisfactory grade brought me one step closer to becoming the writer that I wanted to be. And during my two years of focus on English, while I hadn’t perfected my writing, I had gotten a lot further along.
Looking forward to a great participation from you all. In case of any doubts, do feel free to drop me a comment on this post and I will answer it asap.
I would recommend this beer to anyone who can get their hands on a six pack. I have also been told that they sell growlers of this out west closer to the brewery and it probably would get any better than that.
Brandon Holstein: I’m actually a country guy myself; do you have a favorite artist or song you would like to share with us?
“It’ll happen. Trust me. And when it does happen, I’d like you to put in a good word for me with the Pharaoh. I’m as anxious to get out of this jail as you must be.”
Student : Sir, my point is your philosophical premise is flawed.
Anna just loves playing with Gracie and Emma. We were with them the entire day yesterday, and she cried and cried and cried when we left last night. I love that she loves them so much!
“When was that?” I asked.
Humans are experiencing a fundamental shift in the way we communicate due to social media. It can save you quite a bit of money, especially on the customer service side. Personal Contact, however, properly executed by professional sales personnel, is an absolute must. The effectiveness of developing a personal relationship with clients and prospects will never be replaced. In a world where brand loyalty can shift overnight, it is more critical than ever for customers to know your company’s story, philosophy, value you offer, etc. Personal contact is the best method of clearly communicating with your customers.
Pseudo-Chrys.: Or, the winepress is the word of God, which tortures man when it contradicts his fleshly nature.
27. Helping me move.
It’s one of the reasons that young people are all stupid as Hell. They’re overloading their tiny noggins with an unhealthy mix of conflicting opinions, warped ideologies, asinine lolcats and uncensored citizen news. It’s amazing their damned heads aren’t exploding left and right.
I think what touched me about this story and got me so excited to find this total mom text-to-life connection is that it gave me encouragement as a plain, simple, cape-less, medal-less, salary-less, award winning-less, TV show-less, regular ol’ mom.
a light snow falls, obscuring the salt flats,
-Ham
not allowing to be made smaller,
Yeah, it exists.
The last part shifts back to Ted and I didn’t see the twist coming when he decides to return to the Island when tinsel town finally loses it’s grip on him, and quite funny too. The end is as anyone would wish, reconciliation and growth, a Godly tale of the healing power of love. Now I wonder where there’s a cheap island going?
The sky is too blue, too delicate:
Opt tapestry needle for weaving in
Do I get points for trying?
People through all ages may perform RC cars. It really is fascinating appeals the little one within you. Idea keeps growing at a fast pace. The only distinction in between true vehicles and also RC cars will be the dimension. The best regarding RC car possesses abilities of high rate and can be moved forward, backward or even round very easily. The latest trends associated with REMOTE CONTROL vehicles include versions which can carry out tricks such as true vehicles.
I wanted to make a card for my boss this week with a specific Verve sentiment that I love (from the Blue Skies set). I used the sketch from this week's Viva la Verve challenge...
Take the tapestry needle and thread it through the MIDDLE of the last stitch of the round. Pull gently so that the new top loops you just made are the same tension as the rest of the stitches of the round. At this point, you already have the needle threaded, so go ahead and weave in the ends. And THAT is the invisible join. :) You'll love it.
The plot is as ridiculous as you would expect but it does allow the two to do what they love best — that is, repeatedly beat each other up.
I can't find my angora hat. Saturday night I started this cowl, expanding it into a snood. I added three repeats of the pattern to make it a bit wider. Even though I've been knitting like a mad woman all day between drinking gallons of water and making a million trips to the bathroom, it's only about 8 inches right now. I measured from my forehead, across the top of my head and down the back and it needs to be about 20 inches. It looks like my angora headband will have to suffice in the morning.
7:30- I get dressed and finish my hair while watching GMA in the background. I usually also have the iPad propped up on the bathroom sink to catch up on blogs while I dry my hair.
The Kuala Lumpur High Court will announce its decision on Jan 9. (Bernama)
Jeremy Mercer's memoir is an intriguing glimpse into the life of the bookstore, fifty years after Whitman opened the current location on 37 rue de la Bucherie. Mercer describes a constant parade of book lovers, camping out amidst the stacks. It must be one of the most unique youth hostels: room, and occasional board, in exchange for a few hours of work in the bookstore. One of the few things that Whitman asks of his residents is that they attempt to read a book a day.
Decades of anti-British social, economic and educational policy have made white people less able to compete against migrant groups with strong ideologies like Islam. A moral relativist culture of tolerance could never stand up against people who are protected by family values, with a muscular religion. But the desire to redeem our declining civilisation exists. No matter that the elites makes so much effort to destroy our organic culture and re-culture us for Globalism, the will to survive is reviving from the bottom.
The person of God not loved.”
I have great things in my life, and I am a thankful lady. I wouldn't trade any of it... I can't help it, I just WANT IT ALL. Totally do-able.
Cute. Cute. Why not?
(Wanna talk to her, she’s hot as hell)
Daba alegria verte,
Before approaching people to review a book, you really ought to a) make sure they're actively reviewing; b) determine that they review books in the genre you're pitching, and c) spend a little time researching the venue you're asking them to review in, to be sure it's appropriate (not to mention, that it really is book review venue).
That sure makes outdoor play sound inviting. Hmm, should I send my kids out or do I want them to LIVE? Guess I’ll keep ‘em inside!
After navigating through the shark infested waters of getting a teenager up and moving towards the car, and getting myself ready to head out to a 10:30 doctor’s appointment, I hustled downstairs to feed Mouse, the cat on the second floor, her breakfast. Always enthusiastic to see me when I have her kibble bag in hand, I quickly changed her water and after setting it down proceeded to pour a large helping of food in her dish. The cat, strange on the best of days, rather than diving into her dish just sat down and stared at it, then up at me. What, do I have to eat it for you as well? It was then that I noticed that the kibble was floating. It seems I’d poured it in the newly filled water dish rather than her food bowl. Drat the luck.
1/4 methi seeds
The WaPo article goes on to note however that this trend will not be able to keep up with demand in the near future. When the economy recovers a bit, lots of nurses will go back to part-time or less, and those who put off retirement will leave for good. Relevant to my original post, the article notes that too many potential nurses are being turned away from nursing schools due to lack of faculty and mentions the bill reimbursing nursing faculty for grad school costs.
My daughter broke her leg when she was about two and a half. I think it was more traumatic for me than it was for her. When we were going through reception at the emergency room, she looked at me and said, “Don’t worry, doctor make it all better.” It was about the cutest thing you ever saw. She even flirted with the male nurse.
Q.: How important do you think social media (i.e. Twitter/Facebook/blogging) is in today’s market for a writer?
Choice of stamp
Glassware is the other decorative element that goes hand in hand with the côté sud look. I don't think I thought much about glass before Provence but in the last twelve years I have become very fond of it in every shape and form. Very pretty glassware is sold in the local boutiques and there are many vintage pieces to be found in the weekly brocantes. Glassware dresses up our interiors....especially on table settings where the light bounces and plays with the surface.
An advertising resource that may be fake handbags easy and power efficient, nevertheless precise of their grind, their work special event luggage.
Earlier this year, a missile fired by a CIA-operated drone killed a Yemeni doctor who had devised medical procedures which could be used to surgically plant explosive devices in humans, several US officials told Reuters.
34And about his coming back from the dead, never again to go to destruction, he has said these words, I will give you the holy and certain mercies of David.
The Great Commission Resurgence proposals within the Southern Baptist Convention have reminded us of the high priority of evangelism and local/global missions. The same is true of many denominations across the theological spectrum of beliefs as Christian leaders worldwide seek to regain strongholds of spiritual influence in North America and Europe. However, unless we’re cautious and clear, a sloppy, imprecise definition of missions and evangelism will destroy renewal efforts. Let’s define evangelism by what it is not and then by what it is.
I regret having to put my siblings through family arguments.
ON DECEMBER 1, 1997 –oh, heck, once upon a time–a boy, no longer little, told his friends to watch out, that he was going to do something “really big” the next day at school, and the next day at school he took his gun and his ammo and his earplugs and shot eight classmates who had clustered for a prayer meeting. Three died, and they were still children, almost. The shootings took place in West Paducah, Kentucky, and when Mister Rogers heard about them, he said, “Oh, wouldn’t the world be a different place if he had said, `I’m going to do something really little tomorrow,’” and he decided to dedicate a week of the Neighborhood to the theme “Little and Big.” He wanted to tell children that what starts out little can sometimes become big, and so they could devote themselves to little dreams without, feeling bad about them. But how could Mister Rogers show little becoming big, and vice versa? That was a challenge. He couldn’t just say it, the way he could always just say to the children who watch his program that they are special to him, or even sing it, the way he could always just sing “It’s You I Like” and “Everybody’s Fancy” and “It’s Such a Good Feeling” and “Many Ways to Say I Love You” and “Sometimes People Are Good.” No, he had to show it, he had to demonstrate it, and that’s how Mister Rogers and the people who work for him eventually got the idea of coming to New York City to visit a woman named Maya Lin.
Kill The Messenger
So, back to the tale of woe. Actually I’ve nowt to pity myself about. Lady Luck has tickled my chin a few times. But this stage of things is a psychological and emotional slog. I feel like I’m getting nowhere very slowly. It probably isn’t true, I just can’t see the the book for the leaves (Basil Brush says boom boom). I get phases of lethargy, when it all seems utterly pointless. And then I feel guilty for my lethargy and mentally whip myself for not being 24/7 gung ho fox. And this very blog frustrates me, because I’d like to have more regular contributors from other creative spheres (music/film etc.), but I don’t have the time to chase and nag. (I’ve had so many tempermental creative folk promise blogs that have never materialised, for someone like me, who grabs hold of such oppurtunities with the ceaseless grip of a rabid bull-terrier, I struggle to identify.)
Phew! We're finally back home. Just got in last night...and my oldest little man is still sleeping. That never happens. These pictures are of my other boy back in Indiana. While we were there we had all the kiddos on air mattresses in on room - it was a great primer for our plan to have them together in the new house. Somehow this little guy not only managed to take a nap, but stay sleeping even with his brother and sister bouncing and squealing about.
Previous protests had involved struggle - the shouting demonstrators would approach the Chinese embassy or consulate and refuse to move. Most of the photos I (and so many other photographers) got were the same day after day - lots of pushing, pulling and gnashing of teeth. Though I very much supported the demonstrators, I felt it was becoming predictable, and righteous anger is difficult to sustain day after day, for several hours, on an organized basis.
We bind condemnation in the name of Jesus.
Winters and Dunlaw have agreed to joint custody of their two children, with each parent alternating weeks. The two also agreed that holidays will be spent together “or with Kirk Herbstreit, if possible.”
At about 8 AM, I was studying for my upcoming Second Year B.Com. exams, tension writ large on my face. I was scared of Taxation and Business Laws, and no amount of preparation was enough to make me feel confident about these two subjects. I had just about finished reading the definition of a ‘contract’ when the bed I was sitting on began to rock like a boat. Now, my bed back home at Ahmedabad is a big one, and quite heavy, and I couldn’t see any reason for its rocking except for my dad shaking it just to irritate the hell out of me, as he often used to do when I was studying, to get me out of the panic attack that I used to work up. ‘Dad, stop it!,’ I yelled, and looked up from my book to give dad a piercing glare. Only to find no one near me. I couldn’t believe my eyes.
I hope you'll join me this week and show what you've been busy with..
9:00 am: We're on I5! 302 more miles to Grants Pass, I'm really excited now!
Here’s yet another blush from my never-ending stash that I’m bringing out for some sunshine today. I bought this cute little fella during my Japan trip last year, and it’s finally time to put it in the spotlight =)
Then, when you turn from the index to the relevant item in the inventory itself, there is very often a fascinating amount of detail provided. The men who compiled the inventory aimed to weigh every piece of precious metal, to count every jewel (as well as the holes where jewels had dropped off), to describe every piece of cloth and its trimming. Nothing was too small to mention. One entry reads simply, ‘Item, one pearl loose by itself’.
I've always maintained that they must've done something to provoke the hippie gassing. The media shows us what the media wants us to see.
- This competition is open to everyone!
88 minutes - City are minutes away from buying their first title! No doubt they’ll be looking for more new players in the summer, but I’m afraid these fans just don’t realise the value of money. No one does these days. Piles of debt and for what? More misery and despair, with the added anxiety of bills to pay at the end of it. This applies to both my life and the point I was just making about the game there. FUCK YOU, JANET!
Review: Unfortunately not good:( I don't know if we're just not baked cheesecake folks in our house.... or if this dessert just wasn't that fantastic. Every time I do a baked cheesecake - the leftovers get thrown out cause no one wants to eat them - I know... such a shame! So far every time I have done a baked cheesecake I find the consistency a little harder than the traditional "New York Cheesecake" texture that we all know and love. Maybe I am doing something wrong? Try it for yourself and let me know!
With nothing to do but feed all the kangaroos
"I don't want to sound accusing," Mrs. Thwett said, "but there is such a thing as patriotism."
In his phenomenal book Annals of the Former World, John McPhee relates the story of geologist Jean de Charpentier, whose work influenced Louis Agassiz, the geologist renowned for pioneering the field of glaciology. In McPhee’s telling, Charpentier was climbing in the Alps one day in 1815 when he met a mountaineer and hunter who had spent most of his life tracking chamois and climbing peaks. This mountaineer pointed out to Charpentier that the boulders in the lower pastures had been placed there by ice that had melted off many years before, suggesting that at one time ice had covered much more of the mountains than it did in 1815. Although Charpentier didn’t believe the mountaineer, he reported the comments, other geologists picked up on the idea that mountain glaciers moved rocks around and shaped the peaks, and Charpentier himself eventually accepted the theory and published work on it. Agassiz expanded this notion one step further to realize that glaciers had once existed at far larger scales, and that much of the topography of the mountainous north had been shaped by glacial ice. He had the technical expertise to understand the implication of the mountaineer’s notion, but he hadn’t spent adequate time in the mountains to have reached this conclusion on his own. The scientific community needed someone who had been out in that environment over the long term to put the pieces together.
Again, I apologize for the lack of posts recently. Between doctors appointments with our girls and all this travel, I haven't gotten much accomplished and therefore have no new projects to share. Here's hoping I can get back to some normalcy next week.
I got absolutely drenched walking into work, and believe me, when you are carrying a plethora of creative media kit, the last thing you want is for it, and you, to arrive at a location all soggy and cursing the clouds!
I tended to read the same books over and over. The first ones I fell in love with were the Famous Five. Then I was crazy about the Chronicles of Narnia and The Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings – and the Weirdstone of Brisingamen, which I read lots of times. I loved horse books too – Christine Pullein-Thompson and Ruby Ferguson... oh, and the Silver Brumby books, I ADORED those. I used to write my own stories about Thowra, oh my. And Misty of Chincoteague. And the Flicka and Thunderhead books – I was mortally shocked this week (Banned Books Week) when I heard that My Friend Flicka was once banned because of the word ‘bitch’ – used to describe a female dog...
was still upset and tried to calm down first.
I happened to watch a few ‘must-see’ documentaries about Islam before I wrote this article, mostly to jog my brain and to really grasp both sides of the argument the article’s title presents. After watching each one and reading a bunch of material, I weighed what I believed were the important points and determined my views were very much the same before as they were after. I list the documentaries here for your enjoyment:
Good to see you."
After driving around the beautiful acreage that is Valley Forge, we visited a covered bridge next to the park and then headed back to Lititz through Leacock County. In Leacock County is the town of Intercourse mentioned earlier in our blog. The interesting thing about Intercourse is that it is always referred to as “formerly Cross Keys”. The funny thing is, the name changed in 1840. Seriously. 172 years later and it’s still being referred to by both names.
Both Svarūpa Dāmodara and Rāmānanda Rāya sang to the Lord, who danced and enjoyed happiness until the morning arrived. Then they devised a plan to revive the Lord to external consciousness.
Pershing Hall, a boutique hotel, restaurant and bar in the eighth arrondissement in Paris has a fabulous Patrick Blanc hanging garden as its backdrop. I have never stayed at Pershing Hall so I can't comment on the hotel but if vertical gardens and contemporary decor are your thing, then it is worth a visit. xv
horn ringing over the countryside, the mail coach reigned supreme until the advent of the railroads in the 1830's. The government shut down the last London mail coach route in 1846, although services continued in the countryside for a few more years.
NB. Fish bones will not need to be simmered for as long, but larger bones (such as in beef or roo) may need longer
DP: Grant 12 x 12 from a pack I've had for years, out of my scrapbooking days
I was stuck there too and hatred and bitterness only causes you pain. Until you learn to let go and move on you will continue to battle everything you are battling and more.
we share then a common fear
Other than that, I've just been tutoring, and sometime in the next week or so, I'm sure I'll be meeting up with Jane and our new colleague. We start class two weeks from Monday! I cannot believe that. Where did time go?
We spent most of the afternoon at home and then, like we do every Saturday, headed over to my brother's home. The middles love my nephews, their two cousins.
Quote of the Day: We who are young are old.
Lyrical theme(s): Psychological themes, personal struggle
24And, answering Joshua, they said, Because it came to the ears of your servants that the Lord your God had given orders to his servant Moses to give you all this land, and to send destruction on all the people living in it, because of you; so, fearing greatly for our lives because of you, we have done this.
Sendak, my imaginary mentor, cleared the path for weird, sickly kids with overactive imaginations! Hee hee. I am very grateful that I was able to meet him and that he lived such a long and interesting life. He is immortal through his art and his stories. But he will be missed.
I am RIDICULOUSLY in love with it.
He continues with “Your mission is greater than your principal. It’s no longer about you. Now it’s grown into something bigger than you are, but only you can make right.”
The comment box operators are standing by to take your call.
We went home and there I saw the extent of damage. It was a sight that cut through my heart and soul like a double edged knife. I could have killed that woman at the first opportunity. How could anyone be so cruel and heartless. I made a drink and did some first aid as he watched me with eyes that made me reach out to him.Never in my life I felt so helpless. He knew he had a listening ear and a comfort zone in me but that was not enough to change the situation. Something had to be done ..soon. It was pointless at that moment to suggest any options, we had gone through it all before. So I just let me pour out all that was welling up in his heart.
St. Augustine taught: “It is so much the essence of sin to be voluntary, that if not voluntary, it is not sin.”
“Perhaps we should send a scout ahead to the Inn to see what is happening,” offered Star.
At about five to six weeks old the chicks will start taking their first tentative flights – a quite daunting prospect I would imagine when perched so high on the ledge of the university’s Newton building. They will stay close to the nest, however, and remain dependent upon the parents for a couple more months, meaning that we’ve got plenty of time to watch and enjoy their development between now and the summer.
HOUSTON -- I wish I could say that I am surprised by this. But, I am not.
Now ladies if you don't like this I'm begging you to keep your feelings to yourself, this truly must have been a labour of love.... six straight hours of sewing (don't forget, it's always done completely by hand). I finally got to bed at 3am and was woken at 5.30am by my youngest vomiting on the carpet!!! But seriously I really enjoyed this, I've been letting myself rediscover why I love sewing rather than just making things as gifts for imminent birthday parties, which let's face it can be a little bit of a chore if you're not in the mood!
Amarys is a spicy nut. She's particular and everyone knows it. On the one hand, it would be so great if our circle of amazing family and friends could develop a deeper relationship with her and really get to enjoy her vivacious personality; for now, she is still very standoffish. On the other hand, it is who she is. And we celebrate her. We all know she will warm up eventually, because our circle is so full of wonderful, loving, amazing people~ and so we should just cherish these moments when the Vose Six are her entire universe. And in fact she is already starting to branch out. She played with my mom when we went to Vernon to adopt out Simon, and she ran up to her Aunt and hugged her legs today, before running away like she had touched a fire, screeching whenever Auntie looked at her afterwards.
Life is so very delicate.
Irish Moss with 15 min left in boil
Each month also has an encouraging article written by some of my favorite Christian writers, such as Elisabeth Elliot.
Imagine if you came across a device, carelessly strewn on the heath, which purported to give you the locations and distances to all the planets and moons in our solar system. Upon closer investigation, you discover that the device takes no inputs from the external environment (e.g. no telemetry from satellites), that it just produces outputs in the form of the information described. Should you trust such a device? Maybe. But only if you had independent means of confirming or validating its results.
The train is approaching …
My mother used to push me, thank God for my mother, of cause thank God for my father he loved me but he was always in the farm. When other children are playing outside, my mother will ask me to seat down and study my books, and I will tell her other people are enjoying.
Steve “Silk” Hurly Jack your body US
Do you accept the proof?
Turns out, if you snoop around online to find out, that a woman calls you up, after you've turned in your registration form, and fawns all over you in a mock-up interview. She then asks which level of membership you want - the 'lifetime' option being almost $1,000!
Iceland ranks: 4th (13.0)
Patti Kuche at Nylon Daze in New York went out on a wild wing and took a guess that the image might have something to do with twin engines or twin rockets?
1 tsp sugar
Well I hope you enjoyed and give these awesome techniques a try! Thanks for looking! Be sure to check out the store for most all of the goodies mentioned above! Hugs!
The Saudi government outlaws all sorts of demonstrations which government-backed puritanical clerics consider a form of heresy that is incompatible with Islam.
It is possible for an author to have a character’s behavior change significantly, or have some new and very different-from-the-norm trait appear, without explaining it or setting the context for it before or at the moment of change, but if he does, he’s asking the reader to trust that all will be made clear in good time. That’s fine, so long as he keeps that implicit promise.
2.) At the beginning of the book it’s mentioned that all profits will go to whale education programs, is that right? Well call me silly, but don’t authors usually publish books to make a profit for themselves? What sparked this idea and do you get to decide which programs get the money? (This is such a loaded question).
“Tina Allison: ‘I noticed the paramedics working on the body and I just recognised the man that was being attended to was my husband.’
regarding the metronomic dilution of a lifetime’s pride
As it turned out the weather back home wasn't that bad so Marty launched straight back into work within half an hour of getting home.
It's been so hard.
MARS #: 176.1 (Series)
My thougths as I began the book? Well to be honest, it started off kind of slow. You weren't really sure what was happening, and the reasons for everything Kyra mentioned along the way, but it all connected as the story went on.
Thus, form becomes relative to individual potential; something which tends to separate it, and the sporting world it inhabits, from the rest of us.
1T roasted sesame seeds, optional
Aaaaannnnd I still have a job! Phew! I kid, I kid, but this weekend went really quite wonderfully! Everyone made their flights, saving me from making frantic phone calls to our corporate travel department, everyone had a hotel room, saving me from sleeping in the lobby of the Opryland Hotel, and the catering showed up, saving us all from being hungry. Things pretty much went on without a hitch, and I got to enjoy some bonding time with my boss, free meals, and a king sized bed! Business trips are awesome.
Forget the BMW and buy a mini-van. And don't think that you can leave it out in the driveway spotless and shining. Family cars don't look like that.
Don't be afraid to flour again and again.
Please clink your royal teacups together in my honor!
He was gifted and true to the end.
V S Naipaul is a male writer who recently spoken rather disdainfully of female writers. Now he’s sandwiched in between two forthright and formidable women, Virginia Woolf and Barbara Castle, not to mention the Pankhurst girls. Serves him right.
The words to the song, “River, take me along…” ( written by Bill Staines, who lives in New Hampshire) express the love for a river better than I could ever do… any other river lovers out there??
Malthill Way
The Strategist-- This person uses the playing of games as a way to tire out their left brain, so their right brain can claim exclusivity while writing. The virtual pats on the back? Whatev. They're frosting.
Then, Leo dropped the final bombshell. According to Leo, There is proof of Mildred Packer’s Ghost and I could see it for myself!! There is a single photograph of Mildred Packer, taken after her death, in existence and in full public view. The “public” just doesn’t know about the full extent of what they are looking at. The locals all know of the photo of Mildred Packer but according to Leo, he is the only one willing to talk about it. I asked Leo why he had told me all of these secret town stories and he said that he was simply getting old and that some stories were too good to go untold. According to Leo, most of the locals wish he would just shut up or move away, two things Leo has no plans on doing.
3. I'm related to Willy Shakespeare. Yes, I know it sounds unlikely. Go take it up with Ancestry.com, okay!
a. Prohibitions on confidentiality covenants that prohibit the true facts from getting out, and
1 tbsp dried mint
1) Snack food, or a potluck item.
continually – throughout life. The most meaningful thing to live for is reaching your full
Fancy Pants Design's Winterland
Later that same day, Teed will run his Riley over the already broken body of a man who'd tried to kill him:
But, the whole practice of letting your thoughts flow, acknowledging each one with equal importance and then letting go, is Buddhist practice of detachment. The Great Work. Nirvana. The Masterwork is achieved when you can live in detachment from yourself.
And for the sake of my parents who are the most frequent readers of this public verisimilitous journal of mine, the classes are ridiculously cheap!!! Less than US$10 a class whereas in Hollywood, they'd be anywhere from $60-$100 or more!!!
Sure, maybe they should lighten up. Maybe they're making a mountain out of a molehill and maybe you didn't mean anything by it and maybe you shouldn't have to walk on eggshells because you might hurt someone's precious, delicate ~feelings~. But you know what? The statistics don't lie, and one-eighth seems like a pretty small percentage, but in the end, of almost 450 surveyed, that's fifty people. Fifty human beings, fifty human souls who have become mentally ill over some flippant little response you don't even remember making: fifty girls burning their esophagus with their own stomach acids or adding another tally-mark to their wrist with a razor blade or chasing a bottle of Advil with a bottle of vodka because goddammit, just when they thought they finally found somewhere to fit in...
Let us pray for the intercession of St. Pio for those who are ill, that God's love would be maniftested to them, bringing consolation and joy in the midst of suffering.
Overall, your credit score is only a small part of your complete financial standing, but it is one of the most important because it proves your responsibility for paying off your debt. Don’t miss out on the historically low mortgage interest rates that are being offered. There’s no requirement for you to have outstanding income and a high down payment if you have good credit. Improving your credit score will give you an opportunity to take advantage of a low interest rate. Follow these 3 easy steps to improving your credit score and be on your way to owning a new home!
Several COMPASS pages were updated this week including the number of bankruptcy and foreclosure filings in Larimer County in 2011.
bumblebee and you’ve filled the afternoon with
Well-built and tough. Don't know how well-built I am, but I am tough. Stubborn and tough have definitely been my allies through life.
We set about setting up camp, erecting campers, chopping wood, getting the fire going - it was going to be a bit chilly...
US Congress To Vote On Declaration Of World War 3! US Military Deploys Psyop Soldiers in The MSM ! Ken O’Keefe: Third Intifada – Gaza, Palestine – Israel Shoots Unarmed Demonstrators – May 15, 2011 ! Paul Craig Roberts: China – The New bin Laden! Confidential Federal Audits Accuse Five Biggest Mortgage Firms Of Defrauding Taxpayers! Sharp Drop in Gold And Silver Prices Has Stimulated a Surge in Buying From India! Former Israeli Soldiers Break The Silence on Military Violations! Gerald Celente: Raping – Part of IMF Business! Joel Skousen: World War 3 Will Be Nuclear If The Globalist Have Their Way! Alex Jones: A Brotherhood of Evil – Secret Weather Weapons That Can Kill Millions!
Although, my sickly feeling is still there, stronger than ever.
That is why a man leaves his father and mother and is united to his wife, and they become one flesh.
As an artist, I am always so interested in the magnificent colours which nature has to offer as we are taught in art to appreciate complimentary colours like red and green. Have a look at how nature has thrown this combination together on the male Lesser Double Collard Sunbirds chest for us to enjoy- It’s quite incredible… This combo also repeats itself in the plumage of a Narina Trogan (Rare South African forest Canopy dwelling bird- Never seen one in real life myself) for example and it just shows and reminds us how some of the most basic yet beautiful answers and examples in life are given to us for free in mother nature.
This warm dip/mezze is a Mirzaghasemi, a puree of smoky roasted eggplant, diced tomatoes, scrambled egg pieces, tomato and a HUGE amount of garlic. Fantastic, and especially useful for scaring away vampires.
It’s almost Christmas. With the global holiday days away, the people of the world should be turning their attention toward celebrating peace and goodwill, but tension between humans, vampires, and væmpires is at an all-time high. Desperate for solutions, King Brant schedules a secret summit deep in North America’s Northern Forest. Along with Queen Anne, Princess Cassandra, Daniel’s family, and the human president and First Lady, the vampire leader seeks to reaffirm the ties between humans and vampires, while brainstorming ways to respond to the growing hostility among væmpires.
And flesh them with the beauty of the present
Currently, the prime office rental of around S$9.00 psf is more than double the business park rental of around S$3.50 to S$4.00 psf. This has driven some office tenants to relocate from the more expensive city spaces to the cheaper suburban locations. This spillover phenomenon was also seen during the last office rental upcycle of 2006 to 2008 and we believe it will continue to drive up business park rentals this year.
03 4-Hero - The Paranormal In 4 Form (8:04)
Thank you. Can you make it explode in their thieving mitts, leaving them with bloodied burnt stumps where their hands used to be? Like in Iran? But technoligacallier?
But, the microwave smelled awesome!!
We had sooo many awesome entrants in this challenge, it was very difficult to pick our top three! But we have chosen: #12, Jacki R., #24 Sharon S., and #26 Melissa Sackman. Click on their names to see their great cards and their blogs! Congratulations Ladies! Your cards will be added to our Slide Show for all to see and you can add our Top Three blog badge (on the side down a bit) to your blogs with pride!
Then the foreman turns to the Scotsman and says "And you, I
I use my gmail account for job application as follows:
There is a line of trees that we pass every time we leave our home. They're so pretty, with cottonballish white flowers in the spring, full green foliage in the summer, and now, gorgeous hues of red, orange and yellow. For 5 years, we've lived here, passing these trees countless times. And, every year, I say that I'd like to get a picture of them. Well, I finally got my picture.
I have had some fun with the cute bearybee
Squire screwed up his face and peered straight at the neurologist.
Huzzah, everyone!
pearls: fake, but old.
Here are my 3 favorites:
Stan Lipsey
*If you are lucky enough to have Boiled Cider on hand, it makes a tangy, full flavored sauce. I bought mine online at King Arthur Flour.
Old ladies stopped and had serious whispered conversations with him, ending with kisses .
On the Friday the 4 biggest mining companies shut their mines to save electricity, so if you're wondering why gold and platinum is now expensieve, you now know. I was just amazed. And they were saying this was how it was going to be for the next 5 years. I hope not. It's not going to be much fun staging the Football World Cup in 2 years and people watching overseas can't see the game as they are loadshedding.. Or that the players can't get to the stadiums on time as the robots are not working and they are stuck in traffic. That would just be beyond hilarious. .
And no matter how good we thought the idea was, how breakthrough, how strategically sound, how oh-so-right for their brand, the fact is, I can count on one hand the number of times a client dug deeper to fund a great idea. Out of around 2000 briefs over 14 years. And one of them was three months ago.
