Lately I have really been missing Jackson. Like really really missing him. My heart hurts just a little bit more than usual. I feel like as much as some people say they get it and say how sorry they are for our loss - their actions don't exactly point to that. I don't want to get into it b/c I don't want them to be hurt - how ironic is that. What they are doing and what has already been done has crushed me but I am worried about their feelings??
I’ve always considered myself to be somewhat of a spiritual person. I’ve never really fully explored it but i’ve always felt it. I’ve dabbled in yoga, meditation, past lives, sweat lodges and pow wows in the past and found all those things to be very soothing. Why I didn’t continue? The same reason why I never stick with anything. I don’t focus. Why I don’t focus. I’m a drug addict and I have been for my entire adult life. I’ve never really asked myself why. I always just blamed my first boyfriend, the drug dealer. Why did i make these horrible decisions. Why did I peak in high school? How could I be excelling one year and the next take a total dive into self destruction? I think I found some answers yesterday.
I dug through paper scraps to find fun prints to make the banner and "HAPPY" letters, the letters on the banner are leftover bits of pre-cut card stock lettering spray painted black, the months are leftover stickers from a church project, and ribbon saved from everything.
During the month of May 2012, add this to your cart along with purchase of $6 or more and during checkout use the coupon code: May2012Collab
Earlier in the afternoon, it was announced that the Tampa Bay Buccaneers had signed a new free agent. Eric LeGrand, the defensive tackle from Rutgers University saw his dreams come true when he was signed to an NFL team. As a personal friend of mine, I am so proud and happy for Eric. Greg Schiano has illustrated another positive that can come out of the world of sports and for that I am grateful. Eric’s story is just beginning as he will no doubt continue to shock the world of sports with each passing day.
This time there wasn’t a lot of messing around. He was given an hour-long breathing treatment, X-rays, and a lot of steroids. Afterward, his wheezing wasn’t completely relieved, but it was improved. Our main concern at that point was the fact that he couldn’t stop coughing. When I say he couldn’t stop coughing, I mean he literally could not even stop coughing long enough to blow his nose, let alone speak. His diagnosis was pneumonia, and bronchitis.
I am just 110% stoked after today, even though it was something so little. A while back, my boyfriend helped me free jump Yves through a shoot and the results were interesting. Yves was obviously green and unsure, though the raw materials (i.e. ability to pick up legs) seemed to be there. Most importantly, though, he didn't seem to actually like it...
Wanting to preserve these items, yet use them in mixed media art, I turned to a technique which I'd like to share with you.
After accepting all 150 stars, acknowledgment to Cool, Air-conditioned Abundance and you can hunt a fatter adjustment of the penguin.
Should China’s capital be renamed ‘Bling-jing’? – CNN Asia Business Analyst, Ramy Inocencio – March 12th, 2012 03:04 PM GMT
there are things going on and i HATE reading there are things going on because this isn't a jane austen novel i realize but that is all i can really and truly write online, here, so i have to leave at that, at things going on, and they are Things We Do Not Like, and In Fact, Hate Their Guts. i'm scared right now. mr. curry is too. we could use prayers. please direct your good and strong energies to
11-Eliminators - Bone Crusher
While betacarotene, the precursor of vitamin A, may be the most familiar carotenoid, there are almost 600 others whose effects have yet to be extensively studied. Aside from lutein, these include alpha-carotene, lycopene, zeaxanthin, and beta-cryptoxanthin.
After I finished this, I thought others might find it helpful.
Take a look...
We love you, May. :)
Happy New Year! Celebration was at my house this year with the family and one of J's friends. Lots of food and Dick Clark! K and the boyf went to this swanky, ritzy party in Long Island. Boyf's whole family was there and they all took limos there and home. K had an unbelievable time and looked beautiful in a long-sleeved, open-backed, blue velvet short dress with tan clutch & tan wedge heels. She was stunning. K's doing great at her job and school starts up for her again in a couple of weeks. J's been crazy busy with dance. Competition season starts next month. Next weekend we're off to Atlantic City for a big dance convention. She's getting together a bunch of info for summer dance intensives here in NYC. She's not sure what she wants to do yet. School is still going great (she got another A+ on an English paper, btw) and she just loves every second of it. It goes by so fast, though.
My roommate is a douchebag. He's passive aggressive about some stuff, and then other stuff he'll just throw in your face like it's all your fault. For example: Three of us live in my apartment, and two of us share a bedroom/bathroom/closet. As is fair, since we share space, we pay 1.5 shares of rent, and the roommate pays 1 share of rent. He comes home from work tonight and says, "This is the last month I can pay the rest of your rent because I'm going to have a dentist bill." First of all, it's not my rent. It's your rent. You live here. Second, how is it my fault that you make twice as much money as me every week, and spend it all on video games so you don't have any savings? Third, how is it also my fault that you need two root canals and a bunch of other dental work? DIAF. Please.
There are many claims made that there have been Africans in Britain for many centuries, because some appear in paintings in stately homes, but, these were tiny numbers brought back as servants by Aristocrats who had travelled abroad, and one might as well claim that peacocks are indigenous to Britain because a couple of toffs had a few in their gardens.
"My husband," she answered. I followed up with questions about his family in case there was more than one person with that name in town, got affirmatives to all. I must have been noticeably freaking out, because she asked me, "Are you having a 'moment'?" I looked at her more closely, noticing her brown hair, brown eyes and that she was the same height and complexion as me.
P.S. In honor of Marilyn's birthday, I purchased a bright red lipstick for myself that I plan on wearing fiercely, most likely with a smoky eye but perhaps with some heavy, black liquid liner too, a la the timeless beauty herself. Don't you love how I can find any excuse to purchase makeup? :)
And then pour into form
Pile the bread salad on a platter or into a large bowl and serve with the carved turkey.
6.Seu Mundo Acabou
Nothing ever prepared me for this. I’ve been lied to before. I’ve been a puppet before. Never has it hurt so bad. I don’t know how to get through this. Day by day, one step at a time, it will get better….yada, yada, yada. I know. I know all this. I know many people before me have come through it all alive. But how do you weather the storm in the meantime? How do you numb the pain? How do you forget about 20 years of a friendship, a romance, a non-existent future? How do you say goodbye to all that? How do you wake up in the morning and pull yourself together because you have two children who need you and a bright future ahead of you? How do you focus on what needs to be done when all your heart and head and soul is screaming about is THIS?? Most of all, how do you wrap your head around, or forget about, the fact that where emotions are concerned, he cares more about some girl he’s known for less than year, some little girl who is his son’s age, over 20 years of what he had with you? I know, love manifests itself in the strangest places. But how do you come to grips with everything he told you, I’ve loved you since we were 17, there is nobody who could ever mean more than me to you, is all a script?
______________________________________________________________
(I was FROZEN.)
Policy makers must address the country’s rapid population growth head-on though proactive government policies, such as the Reproductive Health (RH) bill. The failure to pass the RH bill in the 14th Congress is very unfortunate for the damage that a rapid population growth will bring to this generation and the next are irreversible. We simply cannot afford to have millions of Filipinos go through the vicious cycle of high fertility and poverty: high fertility rate prolongs poverty in households and poor households contribute to high fertility rates.”
But the group retracted its criticism late this afternoon. It said in a statement that it was changing its stance on Sherrod after viewing the whole tape, talking to the former official, and listening to the farmers involved in the story, who “personally credit her with helping to save the family farm.”
Damon Albarn- Dr. Dee (Blur and Gorillaz and The Good, The Bad, and The Queen frontman puts out a solo project, which just happens to be the soundtrack to an opera inspired by Alan Moore)
My mindset has been that this is a temporary spot for us. I know we aren't going to be here too long, so why waste time decorating it. When we move I am going to want to start all over anyways! Right?
BAD NEWS - The contest can only be entered by people living in the U.S., U.K. and Ireland. I'm not sure why this is, maybe because these are the only places where DC Chess magazine is available.
Two hunters were out getting their boat ready to hunt some ducks. One hunter was in the water and laid his shotgun on the bow of the boat. The other hunter was setting decoys. The dog was in the boat and got excited and started jumping around. Amidst all of the jumping the dog landed on the shotgun, discharging it into the decoy setters butt.
Please forward this to any parent (or student) who may benefit from knowing about it.
Pre Scriptum: This is going to be a pretty long series, not my fault, the pooram festivities are that long and elaborate.
I've already ordered the book on my Kindle. When I finish reading it, I'll be sure to share my review.
Supermarkets may be able to detect ripe produce with a new sensor that is being developed by an MIT professor and his students, which can detect tiny amounts of ethylene gas and help grocers decide which items to put on sale before they get too ripe.
Yep - that's how I fill my spare time these days! The lawn is big and the grass is long... *silly rain*
The park was so cute. We have many cute parks in Arlington, but parks in the city have different feels to them. For a moment I daydreamed about living in D.C.
as the testimony to Christ was confirmed among you,
Good points.
And this war on parenting is never going to end.
Only 2" of snow today. And it warmed up to 0. The wife wanted me to decorate the front of the house this morning. What is she nuts!!! Why didn't she tell me to do that a month ago? She says she did but I think she's lying.
get custody - it still is, which is shameful. If I'd been given to her
"I couldn't stop the bleeding, I tried to, but it was impossible."
on this particular spring afternoon, there were young children racing bicycles, teenage couples making out in the grass, high school students pretending to study and an artist looking at the the whole thing and drawing in his sketchbook.
The following are 40 undeniable pieces of evidence that show that America is in decline....
So R.I.P. Chance. My mom named him that because we gave him a second chance at life and also because he gave us another chance at loving a cat. It's lonely without him here meowing at us, and when she gave him the sleeping shot he walked around and then when he started to fall over I grabbed him and held him. He crawled out of my arms and into my dad's lap where he fell asleep for the last time. Then she gave him the euthanasia shot. He was gone less than a minute later. I'm really happy that he fell asleep in my dad's lap. He loved to sit there and sleep, so it was perfect. My dad doesn't show when he's sad but I heard him sniffling as Chance fell asleep and my mom was on speaker phone and she was crying. I was suprised that it was just as hard to lose him as it was Ace and the cat I grew up with named C.C. because we'd only had chance for 14 months or so. But it was just as hard. As soon as he was gone I ran out of there because I couldn't handle seeing him on the table.
They are ours. And everyone's.
Lastly, (for those of you who may not yet know) may I offer you this clip featuring Susan Boyle via (Huffington Post) whose dream has inspired many around the world to experience yet again, the power of music !!! She is grace,grit and a gift to all who hear her sing!! warning this may be addictive!
It was too long to have the munchkins cared for by someone else,
11. Most frequented website?
Second, can I contradict the bit where you say that the narrator “controls everything”? I’d say that the narrator only controls one thing: what the reader sees. In fact, people (myself included) have been calling the narrator omniscient – when really, it isn’t. The narrator frequently points out the things that he/she/it/us can’t know. The narrator is only godlike in the sense suggested by that phrase of Einstein’s, about god not playing dice. My narrator is a spectator without real power except the ability to cheer on the side-lines.
Ream
Well, enjoy the rest of the week!
Treading along the same vein, Nigerian literary and cultural critic
Southampton will be playing Premier League football and will be hoping they have enough quality in the squad to stay up.
“He’s wearing a little turntable necklace. Don’t tell me you didn’t notice that,” she answered.
Cases involving an outright surplus are exceptional.
Well...here we go. One day at a time.
The film spawned three sequels, none of which came close to matching the original.
Studying the various shades of grey as clouds passed in front of the ancient mountains surrounding the Lake of Geneva, I used to spend hours contemplating the vagaries of life while walking on the treadmill and practicing yoga. Why is there so much suffering in the world? Why do the people we love have to leave us? What's the point of it all? Realizing that I would never find the answers to these timeless questions, I vowed to quietly enjoy the rest of my days in Montreux.
Coat crock pot with butter or pam and place above ingredients in pot on High for 1.5 hours. If it is dry, add a little water. If it is too wet (mine was full of liquid) mix a 1 1/2 tbsp cornstarch with a little cold water then add to pot and stir to thicken. Cook additional 15 minutes.
its my and your's favourite month december..so i was thinking about a sweet little christmas giveaway...
So that's our trip! Only 23 days away! It can't get here soon enough!!
From the cover: Grey is the Colour of Hope is the gripping account of a young womans experiences in the brutal conditions of a Soviet labour camp. Only twenty-eight years old when she was imprisoned for her poetry, Irina Ratushinskaya was already regarded as a leading writer of her generation, in the line of Mandelstam and Pushkin. She nearly died from maltreatment and a series of protest hunger strikes.
Four Websites You Visit Daily
If you would like to advertise on my blog, here is some information
I will use random.org to select the winner.
Oh she’s just a little tease
-causes a pin attempt.
There’s enough pathos and soul-searching and failure and misery in the real world. If films are our culture’s campfire stories, what possible “lessons” are we teaching ourselves by watching perpetuations of gloom-and-doom, sadness, and loss? But sacrifice, now, that’s something else – and hope, and joy, and optimism, facing challenges with courage and honour and love, fighting evil and winning – that’s what we need. That’s what we really want.
Only the Greens – the group the N-VA is part of – refuses to take action and protect the South African Boers.
The Republic of Korea (ROK), is known by Americans as South Korea. The flag, known as Taegeukgi (also spelled Taegukgiin convention), has three parts: a white background; a red and blue taegeuk in the center; and four black trigrams, one in each corner of the flag. The general design of the flag also derives from traditional use of the tricolor symbol (red, blue and yellow) by Koreans starting from the early era of Korean history. The white background symbolizes “cleanliness of the people.” The Taegeuk represents the origin of all things in the universe. Together, they represent a continuous movement within infinity, the two merging as one.
Oon käyttänyt aikaisemmin vaan sellaisia rusketuksen tehostaja öljyjä ja ne ainakin jättää ihon inhottavan limaiseksi, niin tämä voide oli mulle tosi positiviinen kokemus!
Wow, just got great news about my book! Sales are great and I’m top selling author at NNP! WOW, I am floored! Makes me pretty excited about doing the next MMF book. I have a few on the docket but one is in the revise edit stage! Maybe someone likes my MMF! I hope that my next MM is just as successful!
Levin has written two back-to-back New York Times bestsellers about what is wrong with America. He is an absolute Constitutional scholar and outspoken critic of today's educational system. He's also a strong supporter of Hillsdale College which teaches the Constitution.
Paul joins on a non contract basis, which is essentially a pay as you play plus expenses deal that does does contravene football’s meticulous registration papwerwork. He is has two feet and can play on both flanks as either a dedicated full or wing back. He has a great delivery on him and is potent on the overlap with an impressive assist every 6 games during his spell in the states. The question is will the financial situation allow us to keep him should he show the kind of form he is capable of.
4 medium yukon gold potatoes
Well guys, its almost here, HALLOWEEN. I love this holiday but not only because its Halloween,but because it is also my anniversary. Yes, I know what you are all thinking. How could I have gotten married on that day? Well, I love the holiday, so to be different, or just me I, well we, decided to just do it that day.
Tired yet? Yeah, I was too. So tired that I slept until 14.30 the day after I got back. I haven’t done that since my senior prom. It was awesome.
It's useful for us because it's centred on the writer's relationship to what they're writing: a time, a place, voices, manners, mores, spirits and innumerable practical details that we can't know directly. Even if you're fifty and your historical novel is set in in 1946, your ninety-year-old neighbour who would love to help is not, quite, the same person now as he was when he was a bright young sergeant under Monty, or a file-clerk at the Nuremberg trials, so you can't quite borrow his knowing either. And his wife is - sadly - no longer with us.
For the casino to even become a reality in the first place it needs to be approved by the federal government. The tribe has to ask the U.S. Department of Interior to take the land into trust and make it tribal land, then it would be eligible for gaming.
Finally! All the New Floral Cap Nouveau Monograms are loaded up on the shelves! And, I already have another set in the works, in the Funky Floral Style, but I only have a few letters sketched out! This one probably wont be ready til sometime in the next two months....Lots of pencil and eraser work to do first! Also, I have loaded up a new crop of Shaded Flower Borders, and I am even offering them in a Set at a savings. Now the individual stamps are on sale, but the set isnt, but if you want all six, buy them separately, as it will be cheaper with the sale on! Wanna See?
All in all, a great theme to play with.
8s -
Republicans and reform-minded Democrats saw their chance to effectively wipe Tammany from the map. Forming a Committee of Seventy (a Biblical reference, as well as one to the group that helped expose Tweed's malfeasance), they rallied their support in late 1894 with a fusion ticket backing a political novice, one William Lafayette Strong.
I have recently discovered the wonder of life. Did you realize that life itself is a blessin?. Did you ever stop to think about the fact that time and existence is SO much bigger, more vast than this moment right now? It’s common knowledge that before us and after us people will be born, grow up, graduate, go to college, fall in love, etc. etc. Recently I saw a scanned baby album of my grandmother’s and went through a whole progression of her life, plus her parents’ lives. (See the picture to left for one of my favorites of my grandparents & picture below for my great-grandfather). At the same time, my grandmother, my mom, and I would go around to different places together and strangers would stop and ask if this was three generations and how much we all looked alike. When time and history and family and genes just slap you in the face like that, it’s hard not to look at those who have gone before you in your family and feel like you’re looking into the future. That’s a bit scary, but I’ve just loved opening up the world and really realizing first hand how vast, diverse, and incredible this world is. Honestly, it just screams “There must be a God.” It’s just too beautiful to happen by chance.
First time I've bought from FP (most of the time I just ogle at the impossibly beautiful and impossibly expensive clothes). Unfortunately the skirt is way too big which means i'm a US size 0 or 00...which is impossibly scary...
To clarify, I have nothing against Golden Retrievers, damsels in distress, summer or ... who's fun and non-controversial?... the Swedish. It's just that I also like a challenge. I like to be initially offended but ultimately won over. I like things that don't care if I like them or not.
There are hummingbirds around but I've not seen any near this stalk.
First--Hi! I'm back! It looks like I missed some interesting stuff out there--catch me up on what you're up to!
In 1996, the Justice Department studied the nation’s first 28 DNA exonerations and found that 20 percent of the cases involved hair comparison. That same year, the FBI lab stopped declaring matches based on visual comparisons alone and began requiring DNA testing as well.
There's an immediate need for Texas to figure out how to vet old cases with faulty forensics. For example, Fort Bend County Sheriff's Deputy Keith Pikett announced he's retiring this month soon after the Court of Criminal Appeals agreed to hear a case evaluating the validity of his work with bloodhounds performing "scent lineups" for prosecutors all over the state, including for the Attorney General's office. Recent DNA exonerations of men accused by Pikett's dogs - including a police officer falsely accused of murder - combined with national dog experts' criticisms of his methods and the deputy's exaggeration of credentials in trial testimony, have made Deputy Pikett a statewide poster boy for the kind of shoddy, less-than-reputable forensics that Texas' weakened standards for forensic evidence have come to routinely allow.
Spoon the warm salsa over the grilled fish and garnish with springs of cilantro.
If I spent every waking moment bowing to these neuroses, my creative spirit would never have a reason to live. Wreck This Journal has reminded me over and over again the importance of imperfection. There needs to be a mess every once in a while. Things need to be crooked or jumbled or there would never be a need for imagination.
Follow all the doubt and sadness.
Fourth, like many other miserably poor countries with virtually nothing else to produce or export, Haiti in the 1970s was the site of two additional deviant industries, each of which would prove crucial for the globalization of HIV. On the one hand, in the early 1970s, Haiti became the site of a commercial market in blood products (organized by a Miami businessman) such as plasma. Poor sanitation in this industry may well have helped to diffuse the HIV virus within Haiti, though the evidence here is spottier. On the other hand, Haiti was also an important site for sexual tourism, an industry which was flourishing in the post sexual-liberation era. More specifically relevant, Haiti was a go-to destination for gay sex tours organized out of San Francisco and New York during the 1970s. It was in this way, Pepin argues, that HIV was introduced into the United States some time in the early-to-mid-1970s.
I know that on really bad days, it can seem like my problems are all consuming. The solution is to bring God’s truth into my circumstances. Read these few verses from Psalms that I’ve underlined in my Bible:
Car stops. This is a strange new land. Lots of great stuff to sniff. Three small humans play and bring me goodies. I get my own fuzzy blanket. This is great!
*Materials: graphite pencils of your choice, kneaded eraser, 18” by 24” newsprint (I prefer smooth print) and backing board.
What God says in His scripture about how He formed us and has a plan for our lives.. gives not only me hope for my life, others lives, but also the lives of our future children. It's amazing how BIG our God is.......
has taken all our afterglow away.
This is a natural and healthy thing but today I am so very sad and that's ok that's normal and healthy too I imagine. A right of passage for him and myself - and one that I will no doubt get used to.
As usual, the waterworks stopped as soon as I got to the airport. Everything after that went by smoothly. My luggage ended up being 53 pounds, 3 pounds overweight haha. I asked one of the workers if I really had to pay the overweight charge for it, but she let it go this time. I waited with my parents for an hour or so, and we just sat and talked. They told me to be good and to do well in my classes.
(fyi: contains graphic images)
4) Was there at least one moment where you experienced true worship?
Whaddya do?
You surround me with joyous songs of salvation. Selah
John of Kronstadt (1829-1908; Russian Orthodox): Homily on the Day of the Nativity of the Most Holy Mother of God @ Pravoslavie.
And then it was off to check out our favourite store in the world, Kinokuniya Books. With a caffeine-withdrawal headache of astronomic proportions.
Accessories: pleated ribbon, mini brads, rhinestone
This was a very fast paced romance. I liked that there was a psychic connection but I wished it was more active and used more. Still the book Roberts created was fun and romantic to read.
Hitler called the SS his "pack of wolves." The Fhrer was fascinated with wolves and loved to be called "Uncle Wolf." He used to imagine himself howling like a wolf to the frenzied crowds of Germany. In the late 1920s, Alfred Toepfer's brother, Ernst, was the secretary of a pro-Nazi organization in New York City called "Wehrwolf." Ernst was also working for his brother's international firm at the same time.
Meat stripped from 1 cooked chicken leg
~Lauren Elise
It's clear and cold out there. My sinuses are doing somewhat better. Of course, the benadryl is doing its thing and I can breathe at night.
It is this kind of move I anticipated after the enforced social exclusion of smokers in 2007 and why I was against a blanket ban without choice or compromise because what it really said is not that "we care about you" but "we are now setting loose the rabid dogs - run for your lives."
Richard Barnbrook AM.
Usually it's about 6 weeks after my order opens, but this time it may be longer because they've warned me next month will by busy for them... I hope before September ends... I will keep everyone up to date :)
All I would say is please do not suffer in silence.. It is one life that you have ..live it on your terms. Chase your dreams and catch them before it’s too late. Keep the faith and believe in the fact that you are unique and deserve your share of happiness in all forms.
(1) Witch Hazel = 4.00
- never been used
Saw a campaign sign today for a candidate for a congressional seat. Under his name was his campaign slgan, "Less government."
Post-electrocution syndrome is a set of symptoms that occur in individuals who have been electrocuted, either by lightning or some other means. Lightning leaves feather burns on the body. It shows the path the lightning took as it went through the person or animal. Feather burns look feathery. Not all electrocution produces feather burns.
4. Nonito Donaire vs Vic Darchinyan
I can't believe how quickly all of this is happening. Life with a healthy child is amazing! He was fun before transplant, but I can't believe how much fun he is now. It's kind of crazy to see all of the new things that he is doing. He is all over the place and we are having to "baby proof" the house for the first time. This new life is awesome and I can't wait to share more milestones with all of you!
"Being lost." she entreated.
And yes, we’ve even formed nicknames for couples by morphing their first names. The former couple Bennifer was Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez aka JLo. Brangelina, the hottest couple du jour, is Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie. What that says about the age we live in when even the superstars among us lose their individual identity once they are paired up is frightening. Yet the media keeps selling it to us because many of you out there must think it’s super cute.
Sarah spends her days in the airport, finding comfort in its organized chaos, forced anonymity, and careful security. Little does she know that beneath its clean and shining façade, the airport - like the world outside it - is littered with lives torn apart by loss. Caught in the crossfire of the airport's lost souls, Sarah discovers there is no such thing as an innocent escape.
From a campaign HQ perspective its looking like our grassroots network can only grow larger, while in Romney’s field his business funds are about to stop trickling in. But only time will tell. OFA!
An empty bio is possibly even more deterring than a missing icon. Personally, if I don’t see a bio, you’re not getting a follow from me unless your tweets are really clever. A picture may show me what you look like, and maybe indicate something about who you are. But your bio is your sales pitch, your one chance to say “follow me because…”
Guess what, though? For at least the next few weeks, if you had seen me, you might have seen a little boy so attentive to buckling his seatbelt that he would be buckled in before he would even close the car door. “Ah, it’s just a little rain and wind. This will help remind you not to leave papers stacked on the backseat of the car where they can blow all over the place, mom! But at least I’m safely buckled, huh?”
A couple of evenings ago I decided (quite at the last minute) to go fishing for an hour or so. I went to a park pond five minutes from my house. Shortly after I started casting I caught a new species (for me) on the fly. I was pretty excited and a little confused to see a white bass laying next to my rod. I guess it makes sense since there’s a fairly large creek running right by this pond. My guess is that this guy got lost in recent flooding during our annual white bass run. This Sandbass was caught on a Chartreuse wing Black Ghost fly. Have I mentioned how much I like this fly?
Albad said the resumption of flights was intended to make life easier for Palestinians travelling from Gaza through the Rafah border crossing into Egypt.
It has been pure joy to get to know all the talented CAS designers
Before I go for the night, I wanted to share a couple pictures of our "princess snow white" as she's being asked to be called, helping me make our homemade whipping cream biscuits that we made for dinner tonight. Here she is crazy post nap time hair do and all. She loves helping in the kitchen so I try to include her every chance I get.
As a result, I came away from this DVD feeling as though I had
Chakra is from Sansrit and it means wheel. I see them as energy protals in our bodies where power resides. There are 7 major chakras: the 7th is base of the (spine), the 6th is lower (abdomen) , the 5th is the (solar plexus), the 4th is (the heart), the 3rd is the (throat), the 2nd is the centre of the forehead (third eye), and the 1st is the crown of the head.
Back to my life.
Under the code-name Snow, he became Britain’s first double agent, creating a whole network of imaginary agents to help him fool Berlin. Some were supposedly Welsh saboteurs.
This was used perfectly in terms of sacrifice, new life, and redemption. Being a Christian, I can further appreciate how important this theme was, though from my readings of Dickens, I am unable to tell if he meant all the marvelous things he wrote down. But, in terms of truth, they were dead on.
but not really happy
Did it matter? Not to Jim:
He would always bring her Reese’s Cups because they are her favorite. In their home county there were 317 cases of children who came through the program that his daughter went through for counseling. In their county there is one in four girls and one in seven boys.
Gregory: who are you voting for?
By 95 going to Solid Sounds or Our Price in Darlington early on a Monday morning had become a familiar routine, Roll With It probably had the nicest cover from the second album:
Professors.
And? What possible problem could that cause?
Lobster, though, won’t get her fat. It’ll just give her high cholesterol. Ordering lobster will make you look like someone who’s willing to do anything to make her happy. Then ask for her butter to be warmed slightly, but only enough that it’ll congeal by the time she gets that shell cracked and ready to go. That way she won’t be dipping into the butter and getting fat; then she probably won’t even finish her lobster (because who likes lobster without melted butter?) and she’ll just get drunker on an empty stomach, leaving the lobster for you and your still warm butter. Did I mention margarita number three will be even more effective now? This is exactly like a solid run and passing game: she’ll have to pick her poison, and in the end you’ll get 200 on the ground and 200 through the air without even lifting a lobster fork. No one wants to put eight in the box against an effective throwing game, and she won’t want to risk outgrowing a size eight.
Well dressed ladies were going nuts and sayin' shit like, "WOW ShuShe! I love ShuShe!"
A child is not a brat. He is not a bottomless pit of need. You don't spoil him by giving too much. However, you can spoil your relationship with him by giving too little, expecting too much.
. . . King Kong generated more box office receipts than the original 1933 release . . . Theatre owners named it Picture of the Year. It was at this time that King Kong acquired its reputation as a popular culture phenomenon.” It's no wonder that comic books of the era used it for inspiration. There was "Ping Pong" in Mad #6, for example.
the copper and silver circles that glinted like a pirate's
Producer: Stephen J. Cannell
Their is no language
I don't know if you've noticed from my wishlist, but I have a little thing for a certain sunshiney hue as of late...and since Friday's Fancies is all about COLOR...guess what I picked? (c:
so we went in there and had
Browse through an expansive catalog, select your meme, and your text and save. It’s no frills, but what you get out of it largely depends on what you put in. If you can think of some witty captions, you’ll really get the most out of the app, as I did. Well, sort of:
*Feel free to experiment with the filling. The original recipe called for Gorgonzola, mozzarella, and a lot more basil. I don’t usually have Gorgonzola on hand. It doesn’t really fit in my budget, so I made up a filling with items my family and my budget would like. I bet this would taste good with some sun-dried tomatoes, mozzarella, basil, and a serious amount of garlic. Have fun and experiment!
How can you tell if you're wristband worthy? Take the following oath:
And to partake more fully of the efficacy of Holy Mass, when we consider it as a Sacrifice of propitiation for our sins, we must make acts of sorrow for them.
On 2 November 2010, the Amsterdam Regional Court found in favour of Mercis Media. It ordered Sanrio: (a) to stop to any production, sale and marketing of Cathy character goods in the Netherlands, Belgium and Luxembourg; and (b) to pay €25,000/day if it did not comply, up to a maximum of €2m.
Sean Connery
Believe me, they will work their butts off, and I’m sure Ann Romney would agree. On second thought Mrs. Romney is welcome to come to my house, and Mr. Maher can stay at the hotel down the street."
love you babe. both my babes=)
To get For the Children you need to get the following achievements:
Think nationally. Think about the future of liberty-oriented politics. Ron Paul has had his shot. Now clear a path for Gary Johnson to actually get somewhere, in the fall. Hold your nose one last time and vote... (heaven help us)... for Scudder.
1401 **D-XI/10/2001. “On Amending the Constitution: Merits, Temptations, and Perils.” Part of an article prepared for the journal, Law and Contemporary Problems, which discovered it could not publish it without substantial changes. (Incorporated in C-2003(2), above, pp. 812-24.)
became irritated. He wasn’t a temper-tantrum throwing kid either though; but he did hold grudges.
Well done ladies, please grab your badges from the side bar to display on your blogs.
With the usual interesting results.
As expected, both Sebring and Spa have been confirmed as pre-Le Mans rounds, with the Le Mans 24 Hour event itself now featuring as a round of the cup. Silverstone is currently the only round confirmed as a post-LM24 event. The notable omission of Petit Le Mans from the schedule came as a surprise to many, with only a ‘TBA/Overseas’ notice listed adjacent to the month of October.
Is that… Is that a single popcorn on your navel? Navel means belly button…
But equally the right are wrong to turn to their usual targets, which as we've seen since Michael Gove because education secretary, always seems to involve attacking teachers.
It’s a four year commitment. I suppose that I wouldn’t serve more than one term but I’m not speaking in absolute terms either.
I’m quite excited to write about my first impressions and thoughts on each of the books, but for now I must answer the difficult question of which one to read first!
Shame isn’t a demon, but however Satan operates as the accuser of the brethren, he surely has a hand in the thing. Some things, like the false guilt we often face from the blaming tactics of abusers, are hard to deal with. Others are so pervasive and deeply instilled in the depths of our being that we find ourselves asking “Why could we not cast it out?” Shame is one of those kind. It is a real monster.
Whenever I make these cookies, I get requests for the recipe. I think people like eating something that tastes good and doesn't leave them feeling sick or guilty afterwards! So, this is for the friends that keep asking me for this recipe--sorry it took me so long to get it on my blog. Enjoy!
12-Hoochie Coochie Man
The Video acceleration settings for thе normal requirements will utilize а 3D graphics processor, thіs wіll include а Transform and Lighting feature inclusive оf a sixty four megabytes Video Random Access Memory whiсh iѕ sufficient tо transmit high quality graphics. The ultra settings would be twice аѕ much, using а low of оne hundred аnd twenty eіght megabytes. These threе dimensional graphics cards act аs a buffer between thе RAM аnd Video RAM to produce wеll screened images within a quick time frame, nоt noticed by the naked eye.
Constant Waves
Do you believe that protection of private property is the reason we left The State of Nature?
Even though I could not eat the steak, it was so nice to just hang with Bookhart, Lulabelle and HeHe and feel the connections with home and friends. The day started out kinda crappy, but it ended great. Really, really great. The Xanax helped.
IN SELECT US THEATRES IN MARCH, 2012
All I am getting from you is a new you, a new view,
Google+ will succeed when it becomes a valuable part of the social web, not the only destination of the social web. If anyone has the vision and influence to convince Google management, it may be Kevin Rose. But the addition of Rose and team doesn’t guarantee success any more than LeBron James going to the Miami Heat will guarantee championships. On paper, it makes a lot of sense. So did Digg and OINK. Those platforms enjoyed success, but didn’t enjoy sustained growth.
. – something which can’t be stopped.
Asia Society for Social Improvement and Sustainable Transformation (ASSIST) launched its Public Private Partnerships Advancing Carbon Neutral Economy last March 22-23 in Chongqing and March 26-27 in Guangzhou through a Multi-Stakeholder Forum and Awareness Training.
I have a philosophy in life. I do good because I am a good person, not because I have a fear of punishment nor do I do good because I want a reward in the afterlife. I do good simple because I want people to do good to me.
Wednesdays 8.30am-10.30am
entertaining any hip swaying memory
Yesterday was beautiful, sunny, and in the 80s here in DC so I took advantage of it. Jesse and I started off the day with a gym workout (making up for ignoring my alarm to get to the gym Friday morning). After that I ran some errands and then met Laura J. in Georgetown for some shopping (fun for me, but not for my wallet). Then I came home to test out our new floor steamer and put our new summer bedding on the bed. I know this part may not sound all that exciting, but trust me, it was. After a long day, I crashed around 10:30, but that was ok because I needed my rest for this morning when I ran the GW Parkway Classic for the second year in a row.
Like it? then heart it!
½ head of cabbage, sliced or shredded
The 2012 doomsday prediction is a very interesting story that has captured the imaginations of many. For some, it has captured more than their imaginations, and they are actually preparing for the end of days.
Step 9
Me: “What’s wrong?”
Boston starts partying a full week before St. Patrick’s Day. This year, the city will host the fourth annual Gaelic Gourmet Gala, featuring top chefs from Ireland and Boston. Throughout the week there will be Irish band concerts as well as beer and food specials at bars and restaurants, like the 75 Chestnut, for those who dress their Irish best. On the 15th, South Boston hosts one of the biggest St. Patrick’s Day parades in the country, with an estimated 600,000 people showing up.
Megan Alexander can be seen nightly as a television correspondent for the top rated news magazine show “Inside Edition”. She also appears on the CNN program “Showbiz Tonight”. She especially enjoys reporting on stories with a heart. She graduated from Westmont College with a degree in Political Science. She loves speaking to youth and works with Girls Inc and National American Miss. She and her husband reside in the New York City area and attend Redeemer Church of Manhattan. For more on Megan, go to www.meganalexander.com. Megan’s mother, Mary, resides in Seattle and provided insight into this essay.
write noir murder mysteries set in 1940’s Seattle. Some of my rationale for choosing this era was to avoid any complaints of conflict of interest or accusations that I divulged official secrets learned through my position on the department. The other reason is that while in college one of my professors encouraged me to read Raymond Chandler for a class project. As with reading Joe Wambaugh, I was again inspired to pursue writing, but in a more stylized way, the Chandler way, focusing on the noir movies and stories I remembered as a kid. I like exploring the dark side of human behavior and through my writing I try to figure what motivates people to do the atrocious things they do to each other. I don’t believe that somebody commits a crime we would call horrendous just because they are pure evil; instead, I believe, there is some rational process they go through that makes sense to them at the moment. The rest of us don’t agree with
The Carling Cup final preview comes up in tomorrow’s post.
I would love to give this another try before the season is over. Maybe for dessert when we are carving pumpkins for Halloween!
Tens of thousands died as a result of the destruction of the earthquake and tsunami. Hundreds of thousands continue to suffer from their impacts and also from the nuclear disaster that followed.
This summer, I will be partaking in the all-day Rockstar Energy Drink Mayhem Festival festivities…and I am worried.
1. In a pressure cooker, take the toor dal, tomato, green chillies, Asafoetida and turmeric powder. To this, add 2 cups of water and Pressure cook till 4 whistles.
The train left Budapest on June 30th. At that time, over 475,000 Jews had been deported to Auschwitz and murdered there. In contrast to the deal to go directly to Switzerland, the train was routed to Bergen-Belsen (at that time still a camp exclusively for those deemed useful to the Nazis). They were held in a separate camp. About 400 passengers were taken to Basel, Switzerland in August; the rest were taken in December. Among those saved were Rabbi Joel Teitelbaum (the Rebbe of Satmar), and various influential Zionist youth members.
But if we leave them all then they will take over; and then where will our reputations be?
If you want to say that I was a drum major, say that I was a drum major for justice. (Amen)
The risk with any translation is adding, subtracting, or narrowing a particular meaning from the original author’s intent. While Peterson’s intentions may be pure, his process does not make proper provision for his own limitations. In the end, Peterson’s premises bypass proper syntax in translating the text. This does not mean that there is nothing of value from Peterson’s book or paraphrase, but it should be perceived with awareness of it’s limitations and not accepted as a spiritual authority.
Come back tomorrow for more stamping news, and a spotlight on Rubber Stamp Tapestry!
He said an application for a protection order would be made at the magistrate’s court and he would contact the Chinese embassy to assist the four.
If you said or did something
One of these things will be Doctor Who. The best show in the history of creation. And i've watched 24! Anyway, i enjoy Doctor Who (maybe worship is a better word), and as you can tell by the oversized banner and the title. The title being Jelly Baby? written in classic Dalek font next to a Dalek and the TARDIS. Now, if you want to know something about Doctor Who, i'm your man. But only in universe stuff. I, for the life of me, could not tell you how old David Tennant is. Or was when he was the Doctor. However i could tell you in depth how the Timelord "Eye of Harmony" was created.
"Every Star in the Universe is a World. In the realm of the twelve Zodiac Constellations, the tyrant Gershon uses lies, deception and pain to conquer and rob people of their freedom and he wants all threats to his dominion killed.
Web site: www.wowzamedia.com
International Review of Research in Open and Distance Learning
We can try to understand
"Instant branding, Chile-style
Anyway, here is Redgum singing “I was only 19 (a walk in the light green)”
Australian Brett Graham whose London establishment, The Ledbury, was last year’s Highest New Entry, rose an impressive 20 places to no. 14, taking the Highest Climber award, sponsored by Cacao Barry.
as I already mentioned in some older update
Seeing His mother beside John, Jesus speaks in a weak whisper to her, “Dear woman, here is your son,” (John 19:26b NLT) as He nods to John. And to John, He says, “Here is your mother.” (John 19:27a NLT)
When discussing the ‘empirically minded social scientist’, Savage states:
Anyway, that was the weekend. I knew going in it was going to be hard. So, I soldiered through. Adrenaline can provide help, but you crash when it’s done. That’s me today. Crashed. I went to bed at 8:30 last pm but couldn’t sleep well because I was too tired. Today, I am slowly making my way along. My host understands and tells me when to eat but leaves me alone in between meal times. They are sensitive people.
we be content, gracious God, to hear the cavilling of unreasonable men;
‘‘(2) USE AND PROTECTION OF INFORMATION.—Cyber threat information shared in accordance with paragraph (1)—
Day 1 I had lots of this in my kitchen.
AA Hubby was at his office, also in National Harbor, for the quake. That much closer to the epicenter, he felt it that much more. His building sustained some significant (superficial) cracks in the walls. When Son #2 and I returned to the apartment, it was apparent that there had been a whole lotta shakin’ going on here, as well. Take a look at this deck of DC cards, before and after. Get the irony?
Sunday was much more relaxing. I was a little bummed that everything was coming to an end, though. I did get to catch some really great talks. In the morning, Lidiana and I did our budget talk. We were worried about not having enough material, but we really owned it. We even learned some stuff from the audience. The amazing Joanna told me about freezers being more efficient when packed to capacity. I did not know that!
"piespace" "Friendster" "us mail " "smoke signals" "pigeons"
Jack Ross / Leicester Kyle’s Koroneho / 206
(Funny movie with a great music soundtrack. It's a greatly enjoyable movie, I'd recommend it to anyone.)
I pretty much keep my look simple, which is why those jcrew tshirts are my new best friend.
As a kid I grew up on a farm called “Yarallah” 12kms due west of Benalla with my family which now involves four kiddliwinks, two girls the oldest and best followed by two boys who try to handle the pace set by said sisters and mum who we fondly refer to as the old duck, we all just love her to pieces, she is an inspiration for all humans and we are so proud she is our mum!!
Fortune’s Ferris-wheel or the physical sound
The future King of South Korea, Lee Jae Kang, wander around the Palace, frightened of the commotion that surrounds him. He was thinking that a war might just erupt at any given moment. However, he was just worrying for nothing. Instead of a war beginning, the news was better since the Berlin Wall has just fell. This means, no more division and yes to peace. Something the young King aspire to have in his own country.
Austin faltered a bit, but once more, said, "No".
How mony lengthen'd sage advices,
Written simply and clearly, this is the best explanation of Star Seeds I have ever seen. On a scale of 1 to 10, this warrants a 15!
One of the most shocking scenes in Rumors of War 3: Target U.S. is an exchange between U.S. Representative Louie Gohmert and The Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano. In the clip, Napolitano is testifying in front of Congress about Mohamed Elibiary, a man affiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood, being granted security clearance and access to sensitive documents. Glenn asked Gohmert to come onto the show to discuss the exchange.
thumb all the way up and under my front lower ribs
Here are my DH's cousin's daughters at the Tivoli, the older girl is the same as in my CSI page "Ice Cream". Don't you just loooove the look on their faces, oooh joy and happiness!
Sunday we got back home around 12:30 got everything unpacked and then went over to my parents for some BBQ ribs for Fathers Day. I got a sweet pair of Keen Newport Sandals and a Swiss army BackPack plenty big enough to haul around to races. We ate way too much food at my parents which always happens. I had already overdone it on beer and smores while camping too.
I wish my tub was squeaky clean so that I could go relax, maybe I'll just go clean it. I'll just be laying here for the next hour or so.
If you were around in the fall, you got to witness me fall head-over-heels in love with Lisa Bergren's River of Time series. In the first book, Waterfall, we are introduced to impulsive Gabi who manages to travel back in time to meet the amazing (and gorgeous! ahem) Marcello. Their love is timeless, beautiful, and intense -- but not without trials or obstacles that need surmounting. I inhaled Waterfall, as well as its two partners in the series Cascade and Torrent, falling ever more in love with Gabi + Marcello. (Also, there are some other amazing individuals, and love interests, in the series. Definitely read these if you haven't!)
The story “I once was lost but now am found” is the narrative that gives us a peculiar account of lost and found, a special responsibility to seek and to save the lost. If we want to be close to Jesus—and that’s a good definition of a Christian, someone who wants to go where Jesus is—then we’ve got to go where he goes. Christians go to church in order never to forget that we were strangers and aliens out on the margins (Eph 2:19).
Hot corners as well as a charm bar make the use of windows much more fun. Just by hovering the mouse at the top four corners of your screen, it will be possible to access hot bar which enables you to go into further settings.
We bought an apartment and moved to a new neighborhood that we love, our daughter turned 2 and started at a playschool. It was also the year that we lost both of my father's parents, at 90 and 93. They had been married for 68 years and have 7 children, 21 grandchildren and 6 great grandchildren. We miss them and I wish that L had gotten to know them longer. In 2012, my maternal grandmother and my husband's grandmother and daughter's namesake with both turn 90 the same week in March, and we will be there to celebrate them.
Jesus not only cleansed the temple – he broke ALL those rules all the time about sin and ritual purification. He was not keen on their bounded and exclusive set!
Suddenly I hear “Look down.” At the base of the tree a root was protruding out just above the ground. Above the root something was oozing out of the tree. When I first glanced, my first thought was the tree was bleeding. I felt overwhelmed by the sorrow of this tree. The soul of this tree was bleeding. It was weeping. The energy suddenly changed. I felt myself fighting back tears. I could feel the sorrow of all this tree had endured. It was too much. I asked the tree to take the emotion away.
Is fair and wise and good and gay.
Needless to say, it didn’t work! But it was a great reminder of what was what, whose was whose, et cetera, and I think, as we grew up and fought over toys, friends, even girlfriends, we also learned a great deal about accommodation and about living together, and certainly, as we grew older, I think it was a love forged in that fire and that division, and I am so proud to have been his brother and to be his brother.
Visitors are therefore asked to use the free park and ride service which will operate throughout the event, from the visitor entrance to the Historic Dockyard, Chatham and Rainham Mark Grammar School to Riverside Country Park, Gillingham and back.
Let the grieving begin …
2) I want to be able to run errands and such. Not that I couldn't with the routines/schedule I proposed for myself yesterday, just skip the afternoon routines when we're out. I guess it's more a mental note for me that the schedule is for when we're home and I shouldn't feel tied to it. At the same time, this has me thinking more long-term and perhaps a week schedule, with specific days for specific types of outings. Although, I'm thinking "Nah" as I write that. :D
“We moved to Malaysia because we had run out of educational options for Ainan in Singapore,” Cawley wrote in the Star. “It was simply too difficult to work with the system there.”
April 3, 2010
She nodded, and looked at me as if she was waiting for me to see what she was getting at.
Sympathy tore inside Henderson and she nodded.
Lafig Belgium is the owner of the rights to produce audio-visual works based on the Smurf™ universe and of the Smurf™ worldwide licensing rights (together with IMPS). Lafig Belgium is controlled by the heirs of Pierre Culliford, better known under his pseudonym Peyo, the author/creator of the Smurfs™. For 50 years, the Culliford family has controlled the Smurf™ characters and all licenses worldwide.
- 300g / 10,6 oz / 2 cups shredded carrotts (about 4 medium)
That would be me and my honey. *love*
05-The Cables-Why Can't We Love
2001 decimated his herd and restrictions on the movement of livestock wiped out the point-to-point season. Williams sold his cattle at a loss after the outbreak and went to Ireland to buy 18 horses with the proceeds, going on to be champion point-to-point trainer and jockey in 2002. He took out his full training licence the following year and rode his first winner, Cherry Gold, in a hunters’ chase at Chepstow on April 22, 2003. Williams enjoyed his first big-race success at the same course in December of that year, when saddling Sunray to win the Finale Juvenile Hurdle at odds of 40/1. The winners continued to flow and Williams shot to national prominence with State Of Play, who followed up success in a handicap chase at Aintree’s John Smith’s Grand National meeting in April, 2006, with victory in the Hennessy Cognac Gold Cup at Newbury seven months later. The chaser has since gone on to triumph in the Charlie Hall Chase at Wetherby in October, while other big race success has arrived courtesy of High Chimes, who gave Williams a first Cheltenham Festival winner in the
Chowdhary (Om Puri) is a notorious kidnapping kingpin, who makes a living out of demanding ransom. Just when you think Chowdhary is a villain of sorts and some never-ending torture drama will unfold, we discover that Viren alias “chotu” is Chowdhary. Disapproving of his father’s ways, Viren has left home six years ago to work in Patiala as a rickshaw driver. The story unfolds and leads to a dramatic climax involving a shiny horse and a beautiful car!
Is it possible for a man to find happiness in the arms of a bad-tempered woman? Count Dracula’s wives were obviously crazy bitches from hell, yet they seemed quite devoted to their sinister and remorseless husband. They also got on tolerably well with each other, which doesn’t always happen in polygamous situations.
Pratyush: – Yaar am sorry, i din’t want to hurt you. I was just asking as a friend.
☆ Simple fine-tuning controls allow you to perfect your image
Total weight gain: I've gained 10.5 lbs. total (down 2 lbs. from last week - must've been water weight). It's so odd because I don't remember losing any weight when I was pregnant with Anna (I steadily gained), but I actually feel fatter with this pregnancy. I thought boys were supposed to make you cute and girls were supposed to steal your beauty. My skin is glowing, but my ass is growing!
Original Air Date: Mar 9, 2012
This is of course just one example, but I think it’s an important realization and one that I need to cope with in order to improve as an ambassador and as a person. Sometimes we need to accept our faults and recognize the fallacy of our beliefs.
Once I get through the queue, I'm going to take a break from public query critiques for an as-of-yet undetermined length of time. But I plan to do a regular Friday Query Critique again in the future. Thank you all so much for making this a success!
And hearkens to July.
Large skillet (cast iron, preferrably)
Start practicing your options with small problems in your life. As you see this formula work for you begin applying this spiritual wisdom daily in your life to help you make good rational decisions.
The librarians withering look
Billie Bird was Mama in “It Takes Two” (1983-83) and Mrs.Rose Cassidy in “Benson” (1984-86).
This was my effort to let you know about what’s in store for our future. Obviously, regardless of what we do, you can always count on us to be snarky about it. That’s what makes it so fun, no? Well, it’s at least always fun for us.
I've been using a $10 pack of these papers for this lesson and book making for 5 years now. Good investment.
As we look at our text for today, Acts 22:2, The Apostle Paul is identifying himself with his audience, the Jews. He was one as we saw in Acts 21:39. “But Paul said, I am a man which am a Jew of Tarsus, a city of Cilicia”. He said this to Lysias, the Captain of the Romans. But did this massive crowd know that he was a Jew? I don’t think so.
“I had told Dr. Alexis Shelekov that each nerve in my body felt like it had been braided, and then sunburned, and then BEATEN with a piece of rubber hose to within an inch of my life. and Dr. Shelekov seemed a bit stunned, and said that in other outbreaks of M.E. around the world that he had studied in the 1950's and 1960's that patients were quite ill, but not in THIS much pain. And Dr. Marc Loveless was sitting next to us at this big table at lunch, and he said, "No, Dr. Shelekov, this man is telling you the truth. As, the senior MD in the state of Oregon for public health care, I have treated more than 2500 AIDS and ME/CFS patients in the past 12 years and by FAR, my ME/CFS patients are MORE sick and MORE disabled every single day of their lives, than my AIDS patients are, up until the final two months of life!" (Dr. Mark Loveless in 1992) Thomas Hennessy, Florida, US; sick 24 years (became ill whilst living close to Lake Tahoe, Nevada - where the first US outbreak occurred)
Add romance to your projects using the Bordering on Romance stamp set along with edgelit Adorning Accents and Framelits Labels Collections. I just love the layouts I used in this project kit tutorial, you really have to see it for yourself. The March Kit Tutorial consist of 4 cards and a 3-d item that will come to you in a pdf format with step by step instructions and pictures that are so easy to follow.
It’s this old tree with a hole in it—you know the type. And if you look in the hole, most of the time, there’s a piece of paper inside. On the paper? Someone’s secret.
4. Remove from heat and (with a rubber spatula) gently fold in the the paneer.
To read a blog post by Megan about how she first became interested in Velma Marge Barfield and how it started the project, click here.
God has and is blessing me. Each moment of breathe is a gift. Every ounce of blood that circulates through my body is a gift. The movement of all my limbs is a gift. The ability to think and reason is a gift. The fully functioning bodily organs that cooperate with each other in making my body move about without any strenuous energy on my part is a welcomed gift. This body temple operates according to the Master’s plan and I rejoice! I rejoice because I do not have to figure it out, it just works in its divine way.
Don't they know I've been the boss of me for a very long time?
It also happened on 9/11. We all witnessed a tragedy that stirred the same emotions initially. It was a time that no one needed to talk because everyone was thinking the same thing… Holy S**t! Oh No!! Oh god! I was also interested to notice after the silence ended, discussion started and kept on and on and on….
Saturday, I went to get the keratin treatment on my hair. When I got done, I was freaking. My hair was super flat and greasy. Ok...don't freak out at the next pictures!
199 Faubourg Saint-Honoré
I love you straightforwardly, without complexities or pride;
Next is a card I made for a friend of mine who is just beginning her journey to beat breast cancer...she is on my mind .....
Will cast her away… Run away.…
Seeing them (my husband, son and daughter) eating two bowls for each person,
1. For a Poem-A-Day, click on the link and sign up to have a different poem sent to you daily. Today's selected poem is "Ground Birds in Open Country" by Stanley Plumley.
There were many types, sizes, ages, races and styles. I mentally made some notes. There were some clothing styles and traits I could use in my story.
THE GEORGIA GUIDESTONES
I think I am almost done now, I plan to make another 10 and see how I get on with that. I plan to use the same design as the top one, as I think that is my fav of the 3 designs that I have done.
There was a problem. By this time they had attached a monitor to Molly's head, and her heart rate was becoming erratic. She was stuck. After the next push, the activity in the room intensified and I heard the doctor say something about "meconium" and "we need to get this out NOW". I remember looking up at Big Daddy for assurance and feeling, for the first time, scared.
Drinks 4, 5 , 6……???????
Notes: Try leaving “Kent” in there. It’ll make things extra awkward when you realize not only does no one know what you’re talking about, they all think you’re making up random people to argue with.
Sunday: Roasted chicken, sweet potatoes, and broccoli
I don't want to sound like I'm sucking up to any publishers when I draw attention to their output, it is usually more to point out the distinguishing features of the books they publish, those things that give a sense of the ethos behind the colophon. I say this because I was sent a couple of books by Harvill Secker and they are both bloody brilliant, so good that I feel the need to point it out and even swear a little bit. The first, I Am A Chechen, was reviewed here - an important and wildly creative work born out of the conflict in the Chechen Republic, a book that I have been saddened to see received virtually no press attention. This novel is very different, having received plenty of attention after winning the Impac Award last year but no less deserving of praise from me because of that. Books that are reserved and controlled can often bring forth a passionate response in their readers, as if some kind of compensation comes in to play, and The Twin is such a book. As I attempt to give an impression of the power of this quiet book be in no doubt that in my humble opinion The Twin is a magnificent novel.
Indeed. Not usually my kind of thing, but perfect for a day like today. And the weird, off-time shit they tend to throw in seven minutes in to a fourteen minute song are a bonus, as well as the torturous, Eye-esque vocal contortions that pop up here and there. Two tracks. Half an hour. Pure pain and evil.
L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc., Alternative Energy Deals By Type, 2006 to YTD 2012 5
The angel wings I bought at a local store, Panduro. The white flower is first a couple of really old plain white Prima Pillar paper flowers that I've touched up with Stickles Star Dust, and then I added a Prima silk bloom on top.
explode and reflect on a solid black RIVER.
“We don’t have any clue about the vehicle that hit him at the junction in front of the petrol station. But we got some fragments of a broken number plate of the vehicle, which we sent to the forensic science laboratory (FSL) at Madiwala. Experts are trying to find the origin of the number plate,” said a police officer.
My tastes in entertainment aren't the best but whenever I'm feeling out of sorts I find it useful to consult my Entertainment List in the hopes of finding something to watch or do to improve my mood. Here are are a few of the programs from the TV section of my current Entertainment List:
Otherwise, we have the start of peas, green beans, cucumbers and lettuce. Also coming up are watermelon, cantaloupe, pumpkin, corn, carrots, onions, radishes, and Swiss chard. Some of these are doing better than others. It may be a combination of soil conditions as we've only just applied the Back to Eden principals and the mulch has not composted enough yet, or we planted some of the varieties too early. It wasn't cold, they just prefer it warmer. I experimented with some of the typical cool season crops like cabbage, and they are not doing very well. They are typically grown here during the cooler fall months. I may need to stick with that plan.
Part of the problem stems from the villains, the Kraals, who don’t look all that bad until they have to move around and/or talk, at which time it becomes a little too apparent that they are men in rubber masks. Perhaps that wouldn’t be so bad if they didn’t feel like such generic aliens otherwise – these guys are about as middle of the road as Doctor Who gets, leaving the viewer filled with neither wonder nor disgust. Much the same can be said for Milton Johns’ Crayford, the wayward astronaut - a character in dire need of character.
The ascendancy isn’t as complete as it should be, but you’ll get acclimated to it eventually.
Then a repeat question: If Democratic primary were held tomorrow, who would I vote for?
I turned around and shifted out the window as a rain of bullets pursued me. I turned and ran toward the street.
censorship. From comic strips and dime novels to pulps, music and film, all at one time or another would
For time.
You’ll notice that most evolutionary rhetoric has to do with the word light:
The pins link back to the original source (most of the time) so its a great way to find new blogs too...like you need a few more blogs to read. It's like the motherload of blog ideas and tutorials.
richard is an exceptional art expert + art advisor, interior designer, and charming soul!
Then we go to scenes from the lives of all of our main characters. I have to be honest and say it confused me a lot. I thought there’s no way I am going to remember all of these people and their names. And for a while I was lost, then I finally caught up.
Bubba is finally regulated on his insulin and diet. He has lost about 4 pounds and doesn’t have to go to the vet again for 3 months. I know he’s happy about that. He’s such a good boy for the vet techs but we know he hates having to spend the day there.
“The greater the power, the more dangerous the abuse.”
Never let me waist the gifts you place in the hands of earth.
PAK LAH: (The) demonstration gives the impression that a problem has reached an intractable impasse, even when in reality, it has not. I believe it has not.
We also met Xiao An, the young 3-year old daughter of a shopkeeper who we’d asked about a place to stay. The shopkeep relayed directions to us on how to get to a nearby hostel. But before we could go, Xiao An insisted that someone take us there. Mum replied: “If you want, how about you take them?” Xiao An said she would, and unperturbed, mummy packed her off with us, umbrella in hand, out onto the rainy sidewalk. Well, wee Xiao An was an able guide, and walked us all the way to the hostel (one block over). She then sat down to draw pictures till her mum sent for her again. Cute as!
The move away from slashing inventories has played an important role in supporting growth over the past two quarters. Increased orders have helped make manufacturers the standout performers in the recovery so far.
Even how I act in public should represent WHO I am as a person. I do not believe that you can claim to be one way but act in another way and expect to be credible. I believe that we represent those we are involved with (including our employers) and have to keep that in mind with our daily actions and interactions.
And what is the answer to that most dreadful
We have twice a year mother's day (and father's day) and the next one in august is kind of the real one for us.
Colin loudly cleared his throat. “Is anyone going to take these pizzas? And pay for them? And Mr. Brumby said something about a tip.”
I’m watching the phone ring I’m feeling this in my heart (my heart)
Corruption rife within the spoon-fed scripts on your shiny TV,
there's not a better handmaking cheerleader around than creative-superstar jessika hepburn. AND she's truly one of the most genuine, most kind, community-building, creativity-affirming folks in the blogosphere.
I’ve read great non-prescriptive guides to writing. Noel Greig’s Playwriting is a classic, Rib Davis’ book on writing dialogue is brilliant. I don’t need to read another one, even if it’s a good one. I’m looking for something different, and in many places, this book delivers.
I try to keep the girly knick-knack stuff to a minimum in our room and instead use candles, pictures and books for decor. I love having candles around the room because they're great mood lighting and also make your room smell great too!
So, labor without meds is intense. It was the most painful, primal feeling I have ever had. I grunted and panted and moaned. I felt like an animal in the purest sense of the word. It was so real.
And never give up hope
First of all, I took a look at which foods were specifically popular at Bath at this time. Bath was famous for its mutton; this was a staple served in all the lodging houses. Hardly surprising when you consider this area's importance in the wool trade.
"Comparisons between the Rome Colosseum and Houston's AStrodome are inevitable. Each in its time and place is something very special.... The Astrodome is bigger, brighter and has a multiplicity of conveniences and appointments far beyond the Colosseum..."
Like Rich, she believes that America is nothing but a proposition nation, as she thinks that our universities and our job market ought to be open to more educated foreigners, regardless of what that means for American citizens who get pushed out or replaced.
308 **16. “Bar Exam Put Under Microscope.” Chicago Daily Law Bulletin, November 26, 1998, p. 5 (Incorporated in Item C-1999(16), below, pp. 404-06.)
This is exactly what Jesus did . . . Why did he do this? For Truth. To teach them who they really were: neither angels nor beasts, neither Heavenly nor Hellish, neither sages nor fools, but both . . .
Emeline and I were watching an episode of Doctor Who online. The kids lost our Season 4, last disk (I know!!!), so I had only seen those episodes once or twice. I was just starting episode 12 when the power went out. But, the good thing was that it was streaming video, and it had already loaded. So, Eme and I finished off ½ the episode of Doctor Who (the other 20 minutes was at a different site), and went to find candles.
Friday night we had some unfriendly weather. That is quite an understatement, but we made it through unscathed and very thankful. It did, however, prompt us to go into the cellar. Not a basement, mind you, but a true cellar. It conjures one word for me....yuck.
Brawny-Warrior Yong Sol reports that he searched the black market for poison dealers but was too late for the dealer was already dead when he arrived. Now, that’s even more suspicious. He found out that the primary poison the dealer sold was arsenic – white powder poision.
14. Transformers- “More than meets the eye”
Stay tuned for Part Two where the ABCs of BNR/BNS will be discussed!
And no, our WIP doesn't involve zombies, or vampires, or any of that stuff. Though, the protagonist does start off dead, so there's that. What? We like our stories like we like our coffee: dark and weird.
At noon, the mom showed up to pick up her kids. Her kids shared their excitement of their finds that morning, and the mom seemed pretty happy with what the kids found. She had worked early that morning, trying to pick up some overtime. I asked her if she was planning on taking advantage of the tax free weekend and get some back to school shopping done. She told me she wasn't. Her kids didn't need anything. They had all their school supplies ready and had enough clothes for the school year. They left for their home in another part of town as my friend and I got ready to do some shopping.
The need to be open to truth, observation and evidence applies to me first, before I demand it of others, and in my web-surfing I came across this report of a complete cure of gender dysphoria. A man had been preparing for transition, though he had not yet started the real life experience; and was in a therapy programme of which about 60% of the patients went on to have genital reconstruction surgery. After the removal of a female spirit, he pronounced himself cured, a happy heterosexual man.
4. Heat grill pan over medium high heat. Coat with cooking spray.
6 large garlic cloves, slivered
Maybe I’ll suggest another training trip for myself to India. Their heat makes ours feel bush league by comparison. And there’s a good chance I could come down with Dengue Fever.
Glaze
I am not perfect. I don’t have the aspiration to be perfect either. I truly believe the persons that love me…love me FOR my imperfections, not in spite of them.
end this now.
In addition to detailed case studies, Justice Austin provides a broad view of tribal law, documenting the development of tribal courts as important institutions of indigenous self-governance and outlining how other indigenous peoples, both in North America and elsewhere around the world, can draw on traditional precepts to achieve self-determination and self-government, solve community problems, and control their own futures.
Nate: (lots of giggles) And now I'm thinking about toy trains!
Roy placed Hannah down gently and then stepped aside as Kathy got her first good look at Hannah’s head.
*4-H is a very inexpensive way to learn new country-oriented, speaking, and leadership skills. Often there will be a homeschoolers 4-H club in an area. Our old 4-H club in Florida also used to let homeschoolers go through the room where they kept their unit studies and take what they wanted for free (once you paid the very low yearly fee to join). I think all of the unit studies are archived online and you can print them up for free.
of your poor Okie body, you sent away
I worked with that company for over a month. They ended up terminating nearly 50% of their IT staff. The executives and I made sure that the employees of the company provided input and were communicated with. The entire company worked together to rebuild their IT department. I’m happy to report that they are doing much better now. I was told last week that they were recently recognized nationally for their new innovative software they recently released.
ATV rental
Even though the Local Government Act 2002 clearly outlines how local authorities should be run, it seems to be treated more as a loose guideline than a statutory requirement. And there is absolutely no recourse open for the public to demand compliance with the Act, aside from the extreme provisions allowed to the minister.
I BAWLED LIKE A BABY....
My first day in the language school.
Have you no decency, sir, and all that bunk.
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: Brothers, I would like to talk to you about two issues. First, I would like to talk about what is going on in our countries these days. I could almost ask what kind of society we are living in – Muslim or Christian. What is going on in the shops and on the streets of Doha – all these celebrations of the so-called birth of Jesus, the so-called Christmas? It is as if we are living in a Christian European country.
JW: A little bit of everything. But mostly they were a Top Forty station that took chances. Things like Bob Seger’s “Ramblin’ Gamblin’ Man” was a monster smash in Toledo/Detroit, and they played The Who’s “Call Me Lightning.” Whatever they played I thought were big hits across the country—turns out some were just regional hits. The first 8-track I bought was The Cream—Best of, 1969. An older neighborhood friend was into The Doors, Hendrix and The Cream.
Backward Rolls X 10
But hey, life goes on.
*I acknowledge that this is irresponsible and not very grown up, but it happens…
Have a prayer request? Bright Light Ministries offer you the opportunity to send the prayer requests on your heart. Confidentiality is their policy.
2. The act of printing out an extract of 11 words, during a data capture process such as that at issue in the main proceedings, does not fulfil the condition of being transient in nature as required by Article 5(1) of Directive 2001/29 and, therefore, that process cannot be carried out without the consent of the relevant rightholders".The Court took the opportunity to remind us that Article 5, since it contains exceptions to the basic principle that copyright works are protected, must be construed narrowly.
“Asma, look at me!”
Since you’ve accepted money from your parents, and I’m assuming the groom’s too, you have to accept some strings.
P.S. I'm really sorry for not commenting but I've been working on my school work all day and have only just spared 10 minutes to type this up. I really don't have the time to comment on any IMMs as this homework requires a lot of time. I apologise but will comment next week!!
Now comes the plot which is rather complicated but I’ll try my best to explain. There are essentially three worlds described in the play-the world of Athenian lovers, the world of the fairies and the world of the Athenian workers. The play starts off in Athens where the Duke Theseus is waiting for his wedding day anxiously. He is to wed Hippolyta who is an Amazonian queen. To his court comes Egeus followed by her daughter, Hermia and two young men, Demetrius and Lysander. Egeus complains to Theseus about Hermia’s wish to marry Lysander which is contradictory to his own desire that Hermia must marry Demetrius instead. Theseus supports Egeus and believes that Hermia must do as her father wishes as that is the law of Athens,disobedience to which will result in death. Seeing that Hermia and Lysander don’t stand a chance against the duke’s or the former’s father, the young couple decide to run away in the forest. Hermia tells of this plan to Helena, her friend who likes Demetrius blindly but the feeling is not mutual. Helena tells Demetrius about Hermia’s plans and so he too goes in the forest in search of them and Helena follows Demetrius. The forest is the realm of the fairies and the King and Queen of the fairy worlds are Oberon and Titania respectively. This royal couple has been quarreling over an Indian boy who Titania has adopted. Oberon wants the boy for himself but Titania refuses to part with him. Meanwhile, when Helena follows Demetrius in the forest, Oberon sees them and hears their conversation. Demetrius is scorning Helena but she is adamant in her love.(One point to note is that the Athenians cannot see the fairies). Oberon summons Puck, an evil cum good spirit who is Oberon’s servant as well, and tells him to get the flower whose love juice when sprinkled on the eyes of a person on waking up falls in love with the first person who he/she sees. The Fairy King wants Puck to do that with Titania and tells him to sprinkle on an Athenian man(he does not specify whom as he has not seen Lysander yet) as well. Puck successfully does his first task. However the latter is messed up-instead of putting it on Demetrius,Puck puts it on Lysander and the first person he sees is Helena (One can imagine all must have broken loose in the forest because of this confusion). Oberon wants Titania to fall in love with some beast or an ugly being. Puck sees a bunch of workers rehearsing for a play which they want to perform at Theseus’ wedding. He transforms a worker’s, Nick Bottom’s, head into an ass and Titania sees this fellow first on waking up. This along with Puck’s mistake lead to comical consequences that have slight dark undertones and it is through these misunderstandings that the Athenian lovers find their love and Oberon is able to get back Titania’s affections and her Indian boy. The play happily ends with the marriage of the Duke to Hippolyta.
But the “Job” as we know it is a 19th century idea. In America very few people as a percentage of the population had job before 1905.
Farnham hops were carefully graded and only the finest were sent to the fair at Weyhill near Andover. They held pride of place in their exclusive booths on Blissimore Hall Acre, some of which still stand and were particularly prized by West Country brewers and private gentlemen.
So here's my cry of pain. Please, institute teatime. For yourself. For your family. For your work colleagues. Do it for your own sanity. For the sake of civilization. For the good of humanity!
A lot of really consistent and promising hip hop producers have quickly fallen the wayside if the label or star they were attached to goes out of the spotlight, and that certainly seemed like a foregone conclusion for Mouse On Tha Track when Trill Ent.'s hits started to dry up and Lil Boosie went to jail. So it was a pleasant surprise when Mouse not only kept up his visibility with this tape but turned out to be a capable enough rapper that it didn't feel like he was wasting good beats on himself. Probably the party record of the year.
Things I found to be true before I sold the book, I still find to be true in all the months since. The kids still fight. The house still doesn't clean itself. My husband and I still get cranky with each other. The dogs … well, they're still stinky, ornery dogs.
Justice is one of the most notable artists in the electronic dance music scene, having cut their teeth creating head-turning remixes early on, and then subsequently signed to the notable tastemaker label Ed Banger Records. They quickly gained a rabid fan base and accelerated to world recognition with the release of their debut album † (Pronounced Cross). Justice is the work of Gaspard Augé and Xavier de Rosnay, two guys in leather jackets that give off a rock star vibe but also back it up by employing heavy use of punk rock and gnashing guitar parts in their mixes. Their usage of rock samples and electro house elements blends together to produce uniquely deep-hitting tracks and mosh-heavy live shows.
The administrator said he collected the proper amount of signatures and sent them in with the accompanying forms to apply for the name change.
In the interests of raising awareness of this grim spectacle, I have attempted to photograph it:
I sincerely think that this is the greatest chick flick of all time. Baby is such a great character; while she is obviously a romantic, she also has a strong head on her shoulders and a a hell of a lot of determination. The dancing is phenomenal, the soundtracks are perfect (I have both) and who doesn't love a little Patrick Swayze? If you didn't get in a chick flick this week (it was Valentine's Day) then I suggest you try this one this weekend. This is a movie that you can enjoy by yourself just as much as with a group of your girls. Either way, you'll have the time of your life!
Things I LOVE about this girl:
Captain America, a very important person in this whole movie. Leader of the Avengers, giving out accurate instruction without any hesitation. His shield was very fake because can handle the damage from the ultimate Thor mew mew, but his skill of fighting is not pro enough (because after ice breaking effect I think).
Sean, Maddy and their friend playing chiropractor:
It may be also that David recognized in Joab something a little closer to home. David, whom God would not allow to build a temple because of all the blood on his hands (1 Chronicles 22:8), shared with Joab this propensity toward violence. In fact, one of Joab’s most heinous murders was a personal favor for the king (2 Samuel 11:14-17).
1/2 cup red wine vinegar
we are all well aware of the government’s hard stand against criticism of any form,
“We may consider each generation as a distinct nation, with a right, by the will of the majority, to bind themselves, but none to bind the succeeding generation, more than the inhabitants of another country.”
Other Dangers of Grilled Meat
Last night we had turkey and scratch mashed potatoes and gravy for dinner. I reached into the bag to select roughly 1 1/2 lbs of red potatoes, and found one of them hosting an alien parasite.
Also I redid some trunks. I was adding more volume to them. And I also started to paint some branches. I must keep working on the branches and the first and fourth trees. The first tree is different to the others, it has three small trunks (perhaps they are three small trees). And I want to bring the fourth tree, just moving the base. The teacher said we will only define those five or six trees, we will not change the others, so it seems they are farther than the defined trees. I guess I will add more foliage with the magical fan brush.
Tom was preceded in death by his parents; his grandparents Ferdinand and Patrina Canonica of Barolo, Italy; his grandmother Rose Wemmer of Warm Beach; his sister, Sharon Rose Punteney; and his nephew Nick Punteney.
Feature Running Time: 102 minutes
Tyson's at that really fun stage now, where he's learning new words and picking up new skills from his brother. He and Trevin have been playing better lately and Tyson has generally been more pleasant than he was in the past. I have really loved this stage that he's in.
In any case, my children got their own back on me tonight. Finally sitting down on the toilet with the paper and some peace and quiet I hear the familiar bang bang on the glass partition door. “Leave it” I shout downstairs as I hear my eldest turn the handle and slowly open the front door. “Walter” he shouts really loudly (Walter is also profoundly deaf) “Walter” he screams, just incase the rest of the neighbourhood hasn’t heard,”you’ll have to knock back later, mummy’s on the toilet doing a poo”.
Even the hawkers and guides, mostly whose constant attention is otherwise unwanted – flattered us a great deal; especially my Mother who told everyone – “I not pretty Indian girl, I 50 years old today!!” And in return she would get – “Awww, no Madam – how can this girl be daughter- you two sisters???”
a. Fat Mike, a declared fan, surely took notes from the band's career trajectory. The Toy Dolls never attempted to follow fashion, as most of their punk peers did. Instead they decided to stick absolutely to their style of punk, even as their musical prowess grew, and to tour relentlessly. This was to prove the exact formula for the bands on Fat Mike's label, Fat Wreck-Chords, which is still going strong today.
Everything was super delicious and there was a ton of it too. That seems to be a overarching theme to food in Austin and dare I say Texas? Food servings are very large...Not something I'm complaining about!
These are the usual thoughts of all worldly Priests, who take no thought how the people shall live without sin, but look to how much is offered in the Church, and esteem that the profit of their ministry.
www.gefen.com
This one will kick you’re a$$. It has three workouts, and each one is 20 minutes in length. The goal is to start at the first workout, Level One, and work your way up to the third one, Level Three, but if you are in good shape, you can mix and match. Jillian has you doing moves for anywhere from 30 seconds to two minutes at a fast pace, with three sections including segments for cardio, strength training, and ab work. All three workouts use handweights, but they also incorporate a lot of hardcore moves like rotating pushups, etc.
Tell tales of men so bold.
Joon is on a roll with his novel now that he’s found a muse in Mi Roo. Mi Roo narrates, “In order to keep the secret of the Cancer guy, he hits his hard shell and waves his pinchers but it’s because he wants to hide his fragile insides.”
Fortunately there are plenty blossoms, and therefore food, around to keep the little workers happy. Lets see how they are doing. I’ll post pictures next week so keep looking
Some more work on scaling and I did a version which I'd be happy to use with 25mm figures for 'Song of Blades and Heroes'. It's still slightly under true 25mm scale but will do the job. Here we can see some of the skeletons from last night's game wondering where the Lego's gone:
It’ll be stimulating
Aside from needing to get out of the house, the inspiration for this photo shoot was a recent post over at Lair of the Dork Horde about finding a retro game haven. The arcade here isn't bad considering how hard it is to find 80s' video games around here. They have more games that I didn't take pictures of including a few more recent shooting and racing games and about 8 pinball machines. There was one that I forget the name of but it had a ton of classics built into it and you can select which game you want to play. In addition to the "big kids" arcade, there is a place next to it with ticket redemption games.
I've done my duty a few times when family or friends came to visit, gotta pay your dues. But you can only see the Eiffel Tower so many times before you turn to your travelers and dispassionately announce, "Yeah, yeah, it's big, it's there, enjoy." before you mosey on over to Shakespeare & Co and let them fight the army of globetrotters at the top of the mythical phallic pillar of French pride.
Abu Ghraib Arias is a chapbook of poems by Philip Metres. It is hand bound and printed in an edition of 200. The cover paper was made from old military uniforms by Chris Arendt through The Combat Paper Project.
Every so often I receive a unique book that meets a real need or problem. It only takes a few seconds to a minute for a child to go missing, whether in the woods while parents are camping or in a shopping mall. It is one of the most terrifying experiences for parent and child. J. Wayne Fears has written How to Lost-Proof Your Child as part of a survival series he has authored for Pro-Tool Industries ($8.95, softcover) This should be mandatory reading for parents because it is filled with excellent advice and recommendations regarding the many ways one can teach a child proper behavior with which to avoid getting lost, what to do if lost, and the many things a parent can do to prevent or respond to it. The book is available from www.protoolindustries.net.
According to the Dallas-based electronic insurance exchange, workers compensation and commercial property experienced the greatest rate increases at four percent each.
But he insisted: “Even if we have to stay awake all night, every day, we will be ready.”
About my son Brayden playing baseball this past summer. He's such an active little guy it's fun to watch him jump around all excited. When he runs in to home plate, if he's not sliding unnecessarily, he's doing a little jump twist off of it. So fun!
It’s that time of year where the television bombards us with an absolute deluge of Christmas programming. You know what I’m talking about: It’s a Wonderful Life, A Christmas Story, How the Grinch Stole Christmas, any one of the thousands of versions of A Christmas Carol. Ever since I was a kid, the Charlie Brown Christmas special has been a favorite of my family. It is the only one that I make an effort to watch each year. The music by Vince Guaraldi, Snoopy dancing around like a lunatic and the saddest looking Christmas tree ever!....what more could you ask for a Christmas show?
Other fascinating books by K.T. Achaya you might want to look at are: The Story of Our Food, Universities Press (India) Limited, 2000 which is here:
I am, however, going to fall into that same temptation. The only differences are that 1) I have a LOT of free runs to compare, 2) many of those free runs resulted in comparable ranks so I'm comparing like to like, and 3) I understand how to look at the captured data in a way that (hopefully) returns meaningful results.
Despite the criticism on Twitter, Tulisa was in the celebratory spirit as she arrived at the Rose Club following the show, to celebrate.
and a little dressy baby shoe for the Girl card in my stash.
In other news, my Dad (65) has discovered the internet, and of course- eBay. He's been ringing me up constantly giving me item numbers to look over and bid on for him. I've expressly forbid him from bidding on his own because it's dangerous- he can't even work emails yet! But he can search ebay and talk to my brother on Skype. He is a bit over-excited at 'how much stuff the Americans have' and how cheap it all is- yesterday's bargain was kerosene lamp parts that would've cost him a couple of hundred here, but he got 'em for $30. So you can see, I have to keep an eye on him. He did get me to buy him some reproduction advertising signs which lead to me buying this:
Till their rage has died away
GIA, reportedly an independent non-profit organization, is widely recognized as one of the most trustworthy gemological laboratories in the world. And just in case you were unaware of this fact, GIA has trademarked the phrase “The World’s Foremost Authority in Gemology.”
After we purchased our goods, he led us into the back lounge area. In one corner there were a bunch of foodstuffs which I guess they munched on in between working; in another were many plants they were growing. The table in between housed a vaporizer and some other paraphernalia, as well as an incubator for eggs, and underneath were the chickens that they had raised.
So that's the true situation in which I find myself in respect to your argument. And it's in respect to that, I would say: All right, so what do I do?
1. In a food processor, combine beans, yogurt, oil, lemon juice, salt, pepper, cumin, and garlic. Puree until smooth.
Hello everyone, it's time for another Sketch Saturday challenge! :)
As I took the pan off the stove to replace it with a new one, I said to Jack,
EpiPens are only for those with severe reactions, which is coined as “Anaphylaxis”. And they save lives! But they cannot do their job if they are too far out of reach to the victim. My daughter could be anywhere within 4 different floors of her school when a reaction could take place. And that makes it hard on her to get to her auto-injector. They have to locate the nurse, have the nurse pull HER pen (not another student’s), go to her, possibly all the way up to the 4th floor, and hope that she still has time to inject my kid.
Then….BAM.
a bench belongs on the other side of the table; work is part-way done on her.
to envision what appendage that could become and begun
Next week, Tuesday February 28, we will meet at 2pm to discuss Chapter 4, the Fourth Chakra. Come and join us, it is free, fun and a great chance to meet new people.
Wednesday: Fried Onion Ring Hot Dogs (New Recipe)
S: For those who saw your tweets before you got here, tell us about going to your boys’ recital and their musical background.
However, heteronormative language reinforces the idea of gay people as less than normal, pitiable, different, other. It oppresses us. Oppression is a bad thing. My objection opposes that oppression. This is a good thing. It promotes equality, it promotes freedom for everyone, because “Normal is what everyone else is and you are not“.
Condo Associations and Homeowner Associations are common interest communities. The American Bar Association Family Legal Guide defines a common interest community as one designed for a certain type of community living that is governed by documents, usually the Declaration and Bylaws, and is administered by a board of directors. It is the board’s responsibility to enforce rules, collect funds, and ensure the property is maintained and improvements made.
The only unfortunate part was that, in the 72 minute representation of the 24 hour day/night cycle in EverQuest, undead only seemed to spawn from 8pm to 5am, or about 27 of minutes. So we spent most of our time grinding slowly through gnolls waiting for the sun to go down.
Since 2008 the deterioration of the Spanish labour market has been unstoppable, with unemployment reaching 21.52%, and few think that number has reached its peak.
Sushi Lounge carries Lo Tengo Torrontes out of Lujan de Cuyo, Argentina. It's slightly sweeter than many other Torrontes I've had, but delightful, and smooth with some nice honeysuckle and citrus notes. As expected, it pairs perfectly with sushi and is also easily enjoyed on its own. This is probably why Sharon and I went threw two bottles!!!
507 **D-IV/23/1956. “Stendahl on Public Opinion and the Rule of the Middle Class.” Paper in a Seminar, The Committee on Social Thought, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2000 (12), above, pp. 358-68.)
Graphically, the game is a mix of two halves. Environmental graphics remain very solid and there's some great moments as bullets crash into masonry and chunks of it are blown out in clouds of white powder. Muzzle flares and explosions are vivid and the fact that you can see individual bullets (or clouds of bullets from shotguns) flying through the air in bullet time remains impressive. However, the character models are blocky and look mildly ridiculous close-up. Animation is also stodgy, with the lack of moving mouths on talking characters (something already pretty common by 2001) being surprising. Overall, the game looks perfectly acceptable for such an old title and remains fully playable today.
This week I am hoping to get a few silver spoon garden markers made and I would love to make a pillow or two for the family room sofa.
— Victor Hugo
The book’s subtitle—How a Computer Formula, Big Ideas, and the Best of Intentions Burned Down New York City—And Determined the Future of Cities—is shockingly fascinating, or should be for anyone with a do-gooder bent (maybe especially for those of us who went to liberal arts schools and have a propensity for social justice). The Fires is an excellently written and fascinating account of various modes of information—experiential vs. numbers-based—being deployed, with the very very best ideals and hopes possible, for the sake of making New York City better. Maybe this, last: the very best books, at least to me, are those which make me think every single other thing in the world somehow relates to them (yes, I’m absolutely one of those dorks who finds connections to DFWallace’s writing in just about everything, though ditto J. Graham and Richard Powers and Conover and the rest of the folks I huff and puff about here). And I’m presently 100% seeing everything through lenses tempered by The Fires. Please, please get behind this book: you owe it to yourself to read something this great, and we all owe it to our cities to read such riveting, fantastic history.
3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced
The best way to tackle an urge is to ignore it, Dr. Expert says. "When your urge pops up, the purpose is for your bladder to get attention and to exert authority over you. And if the urge has worked in the past, your body will continue to use urges to alert you to needs in the future." Dr. Expert's suggestion is to... totally ignore the urge, and move on with whatever else you were doing. Nine times out of 10, your urge will go away. If you're in public, don't be so worried about what other people will think -- this is about nipping this bad behavior in the bud.This sounds ridiculous, right? We all know the only way to make the urge go away is to relieve ourselves. To take care of the need. Ignoring it does not make it go away, it only intensifies the need. You are the only one who has your bladder. You know when you need to go. When you feel the urge, you find a way to take care of it.
This one is my son's... I forgot to include his #1 quality: musical! I can't believe this oversight; I'm seriously going to have to redo his canvas because it will bother me until I do. Maybe his constant drumming knocked something loose in my brain.
The reflection to divide two space.
Consider the words from: 1st John 3:10: “By this it is evident who are the children of God, and who are the children of the devil: whoever does not practice righteousness is not of God, nor is the one who does not love his brother.” We see in this verse that we show we are children of God if we love each other, and if we don’t, we show that we are children of the Devil. God gave us the ability to become His children, spiritually, through Jesus’ death and resurrection. How can we turn away from love like that?
The topics of the seminar were divided into four panels. The first focused on what intellectual property is. Not surprisingly, as Slovakia is a "home" for many cloud providers and IT companies, cloud computing provoked an interesting discussion. Another subject which caught the participants’ attention was plain packaging -- which was criticised by the majority of those present. The second panel dealt with the protection of IP on the internet, and focused on the responsibility of ISPs. The third focused on the protection of IP through customs measures. Not many people may be aware that in Slovakia, customs have a mandate to act not only at the borders, but also in the internal market (a special application for action is necessary) and that the chances of fakes being detained by the customs are much higher in the domestic market than on the border (last year there were 2520 detentions in the domestic market compared to a modest 142 cases on the border). The customs stated that cooperation with companies which apply zero tolerance is good, however it is problematic in those other cases where because of a lack of interest from the rights holder to take action, (fake) goods are returned to the holder. Slovak customs are currently also exploring whether the holder of the goods/declarant, besides the destruction of its goods in the simplified procedure, could also be fined. The fourth panel was devoted to trade mark protection in Slovakia (believe it or not, there are still many companies in Slovakia which have operated for years without any trade mark registrations). It is hoped that this seminar will have served as a wake-up call for companies who have not yet considered IP important enough to better protect their IP assets and move towards compliance".
If you've not played Dead Rising 2, skip that game, add an extra Scream Queen to the score below and go straight for Off The Record. It's the definitive Dead Rising experience.
At the center of the series is Tom Mason (Noah Wyle), a Boston history professor whose family has been torn apart. His wife was killed in the initial attack, and one of his three sons has been captured. Determined to get his son back and to ensure the safety of his other two sons, Tom must put his extensive knowledge of military history to the test as one of the leaders of the resistance movement known as the 2nd Mass, because of their location in Boston, Mass. They are constantly trying to gain intelligence about the aliens in order to one day outsmart and overtake them and hopefully rebuild their lives.
I have had this book sitting on my TBR pile for such a long time, and I really regret not picking it up sooner. Della Says: OMG! Is such a sweet novel!
Better yet you can scrounge some places in around your neighborhood and see if they have the fairs. You might find some vintage 50’s 60’s fashion accessories and clothes. Guys can wear a tie-n-dye shirt with bell bottomed jeans and long hair, else they can go for a punk band shirt like The Doors teamed with a bomber jacket( which is slightly hard to find) coupled with a pair of Doc Martens and look absolutely Baaad!!!
Corner Rounder: EK Success
On one trip to China, she gamely donned a long-sleeved swimsuit with long pants, and swam in the hotel pool, never mind zig-zagging across the lane. Her gait was uncertain and she needed a supporting arm, but she continued in good cheer, her sharp wit intact.
And on Friday, we took a 4.5 hour train ride to Vienna. Vienna also was incredible, but by the time we arrived, we were already so completely worn out. Couple that will staying up until 2AM listening to music with our 2nd awesome couch surfer host, and we were basically dead on our feet wandering through the city. Being in so many different places and hearing so many different languages wound up getting me pretty confused and it took me awhile to remember that I needed to say “danke” instead of “tak” when I wanted to thank somebody for something in Vienna. Here are some pictures from our completely overwhelmed walks around the city:
And thank you to the four presidential candidates.
Bake a bundt for National Bundt Day on November 15th! Then submit a photo or blog post by November 24, 2011 and I'll send you a 1 1/4" button for baking along with me! The submission info can be found here!
Today the difficulties of being a consultant in the public sector realm is that everyone believes we consultants should not make a premium wage and be classified with those that made choices in life to live on lesser means. While i do not judge those who make less than myself, I do not try to account for their real economic worth only my own based on the comparative value of the information and expertise i convey to my clients.
We do not beg for votes. We demand conviction, devotion, passion! A vote is only a tool for us as well as for you. We will march into the marble halls of parliament, bringing with us the revolutionary will of the broad masses from which we came, called by fate and forming fate. We do not want to join this pile of manure. We are coming to shovel it out.
When I finally started to see the bars that divided me from everyone else, I fought back in two ways. First, I started to furiously practice the flute, two to three hours a day. And so one fateful Monday I zoomed past all the girls from last chair to first, and I held that first chair for the rest of my time in the band.
The Ribbon Girl is giving a prize on the ABC Christmas Challenge today so I was invited to be a Guest DT and this is my card. If you enter every fortnightly challenge you will have 25 cards ready for next Christmas!! I will be joining in for sure! Why not pop over - there are some fab prizes to be won and wonderful Christmas cards from the Design Team and Guests
So what about yinz guys***? Making any resolutions this year?
Open Letter to my Teenage Son...Victor Lundberg
Then he swore again because it was a Sunday night and no planes flew on a weekend on his site. He wouldn’t be making it to the birth. We were both silent.
- The dough contains molasses as a sweetener. Both the light and the dark doughs contain the same amount of molasses, in fact. This is where my bread went irretrievably off the track. The molasses made my "light" dough fairly dark. My light dough and my dark dough were essentially the same color. Additionally, I realize now that the organic molasses is "blackstrap" (although it's kind of hidden on the label) which means it's darker (and stronger in flavor) than ordinary molasses. So that's why both of the doughs were so dark. If I were to bake this bread again, I'd probably use honey or golden syrup in the light dough to make sure that the contrast in color would be noticeable.
Lightly coat 12 standard muffin cups w/cooking spray or line w/paper bake cups. In a large bowl, stir together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Cut in the shortening into the flour mixture.
I used a jigsaw (thanks, mom & dad!) to cut out my ampersand. You should have seen me - I'm sure it was quite the sight. I had one foot, up on the table holding the plywood in place, while hunched over, carefully jigging along my traced outline. I almost asked Travis to take a picture so you could see how ridiculous I looked, but decided against it. ;) Oh, but I do think the jigsaw is my new favorite tool. I'm already trying to figure out what else I can make (using the left over plywood).
Kate Winslet (Sense and Sensibility)
RUEF C. Detection of Influenza transmission to healthcare workers – Learning from the SARS “Era”. Infection 2006; 34: 189.
By the way, what do you call a woman who has been stripped of her name and her dignity, and who allows herself to be sold to the highest bidder?
This one is really similar, just more great ideas. What's great about these books is that you use regular household tools and candy etc. to make everything. You don't need any special cake decorating tools.
29. Winter Wonderland - The Partridge Family
the ashes of American flags
Lately, it seems to have grown to be one of London's most-attended and talked about meet-ups, thanks largely to a steadily growing (and digitally-savvy) community of fans, and the fact that it is the only networking event that brings together the world of creative agencies and tech start-ups. We like to think it might also have something to do with the burgers...
For a movie with such tight plotting it's surprisingly energetic, with plenty of action to accompany the plot twists. Seeing Dae Su take on ridiculous amounts of people is always entertaining, and Min-sik Choi does a wonderful job showing the complexities of this character who is past the edge of lunacy and yet remarkably self aware in a way that only fifteen years of isolation could produce. The fighting is not graceful, but unconventional. This is a man who could likely avoid a hit but doesn't always want to bother stepping out of the way. Plowing through is his main tactic and he does quite well with it most of the time. It's also of interest that for such a bloody story, Dae Su doesn't kill people, happy to stop when he has what he wants or they stop attacking. His first fight is almost entirely based on curiosity, can his imaginary practice work? We get the sense that being hit, is nothing to him and almost welcomed as a reminder that he isn't imprisoned anymore. He's full of rage, but not arbitrary malice. He's into hitting but not creating suffering, except for a few exceptions.
KIRKISM: “But you’re not a fish, Mr. Spock.”
Maybe I'm just getting older, but more things tend to fascinate me these days. Take this guy, for instance. It's called "space painting" and he uses regular everyday spray paint, poster board and newspapers and magazines. The results are out of this world. Literally.
We hurried down the boardwalk to the beach, I had a camera around my neck and my phone in my hand while my eyes were glued to the scene unfolding before me.
The lesson for me here is that while my mind is still running a version of software that has the "run to food" routine running I can be strong and resist the temptation. Last night I consciously re-routed the code in my head and avoided stress eating. It will take time to upgrade my brain but eventually I'll be running Version 2 which hopefully will have the "run for food" routine removed. OK.. I was a software designer at one time in my life so pardon the programming analogies.
For me I have a ready answer. Ideas are supplied by United Utilities, my local water authority, and a constantly flowing supply is plumbed straight into the house. Access is via the shower-head, and paid for as part of my water rate bill.
&nbsp&nbspBus: Kirkcaldy to Glenrothes (Stagecoach East, X40)
I secured it on my Canon 100-400 lens with rubber bands; another option might be to use Velcro straps. The Buff adequately covers the lens, yet allows access to the lens controls. This product is truly versatile, because in a survival situation, I can remove the Buff from my lens and use it as—what else—multifunctional headwear! For those who want to camouflage their long black lenses while shooting in the winter, Buff also produces a variety of white and white-pattern products. Buff’s website: www.buffusa.com
and to continue
I halved this recipe and it worked very well. The only thing I had trouble with was the Swiss Meringue Buttercream. Everything came together perfectly then I added the lime and tequila and womp, it turned runny and gross. I quickly read foodie bride’s tips, stuck the icing in the fridge for a bit and it came out looking just fine.
Sorry I have been AWAL for the last week. I have been having a really hard time on my diet and on top of that I got sick this weekend and it was NO BUENO! I haven’t been THAT sick in a really long time.
Under the circumstances, he said, they had no option but to dump the letters on the steps to the centre in the hope the presidency would collect them there.
No legitimate potential employer will ask you for money to start working for them. Maybe in a few more years after corporations and Republicans have completely decimated the Middle Class and re-instituted the truck system they’ll start doing this. Currently anyone asking you for money so that you can begin writing for them and get more money in return is a con-man, a shyster, and a predatory scumbag.
4. Sense of belonging and self-esteem through power.
Newsflash: such "superior" beings are NOT helping when it comes to winning the war for our rights to breed and even OWN dogs. My advice, if one needs help improving self-esteem, read one of those self-help books, or see a shrink.
Anyway ~ see you :3
Would you mind helping a girl out by casting your vote? I simply can't decide.
Gabriel
In this passage Jesus discusses divorce and repeats twice the expression to them of “from the beginning” (v. 3 and v.8). That is, from the beginning, before sin, before “hardness of heart,” before they had to leave the Garden. In Genesis 1:31 “God saw everything that he had made, and behold, it was very good.” As Jesus makes clear, this is where we are to look to understand ourselves as made in God’s loving image.
Danni nodded, studying the necklace and then putting it on. It was just long enough to fit over her head. She looked at her twin in wonder but Diana clearly still didn’t understand.
But not the Elk, he passes his wild animal roll and blitzes the centaur: Double Skull! Yeah, really. I risk it: reroll! I pass my loner test, but get a skull & both down.. since the centaur has block and the elk doesn't, the elk goes down: breaks armor and is knocked out! I've already changed out the dice through this, but the new ones are just as bad.
Like indiscriminate
Each separate being in the universe
- Article 2(4) of the IP Chapter of the Association Agreement has become Article 229(4)
While in the full throws of essay related anxiety a few nights ago I found that I had left the T.V on and the much talked about new talent show The Voice had found its way onto my screen. Now while I am usually very sceptical of the musical content of these programs ,versus the emphasis on image and marketability, after a short time watching this new approach to finding the mythical X-factor I found myself praising the people who created it. For many years the outrage born against this type of programming has been thrown forward on a wave of jealousy and misunderstanding. The idea that appearance plays such a huge roll in the selection of the artists seems to stick in the collective throats of the viewing public. But think again, if Girls Aloud had made it to the final all those years ago and then promptly stepped out of their leggy disguises to reveal they were tubby builders with enough body hair to insulate a house do you think Ashley Cole would have looked twice at Cheryl? Don’t answer that.
“We just wanted to say a big thank you from both of us for your music on Saturday night! Many guests told us how much they enjoyed your songs and what an atmosphere it created. We have your CD ready to enjoy on our honeymoon in Mauritius too!”
Ooops. Mr. Smith had not, it was now clear, used alcohol.
If you think you're progress is good, you plow forward.
10. Bad jokes.
I had headphones on, listened to an old episode of This American Life.
I created cards using my own ideas, as well as combining some fabulous ideas from other sources, including Rachel Lynette's 150 ELA - Themed Creative and Critical Thinking cards, which you can purchase from her Teachers Pay Teachers store. I have included activities for all learning styles and the questions promote both lower and higher order thinking skills....hopefully there is something in my box for EVERY student in the class, and I can keep adding to it :)
Try a new spiritual exercise each month
The list of reasons is too lengthy for a single posting, but let me give you an example.
Amigos Don’t Let Amigos Drive Drunk
11 - Stand Right Up
How about you? What’s first on your to do list?
On Friday night, we dined at the new Cheesecake Factory at City Creek and on Saturday, we went and saw the Hunger Games. Troy had already seen it, but was sweet to go again with me so I wouldn't feel like the last person on the planet to see it. I liked it a lot! And since it has been a couple years since I read the books (and I never finished the third. I know. Shame.), I decided I need to read them again from the beginning.
Coat both sides of the fish with olive oil.
What Matters Most?
“I can’t.”
Now to fishing, this for the most part has been a sad story. You see we´re in the middle of a seasonal current change and this means dirty water and cold water for the time being. For the last couple of weeks this has been the case, but there are signs of change.
Actually I'm an Imperial IPA man, but I love that line. Yes, I made that one up myself.
I never imagined my father as the suicidal type. He always seemed perfectly happy to me. Still, it’s not like I’m shocked by it. I’ve got secrets of my own, I understand. He needed something and he took control. I almost admire him for it. Almost. It’s worse for my mother. She’s not the suicidal type. Not even the hidden kind, like my father obviously is. Was. She just doesn’t think like that. Suicide requires a certain imagination. The thought projections that will conjure up images of a life so unbearable that the only way up is the way out. My mother is too literal for all that. So she’ll live with this until she dies a natural death, whatever one of those is. She’ll live with the knowledge her husband chose to leave her and never said goodbye, reading his note over and over because the proof that he did this is the only comfort that’s left.
And now, despite our differences, despite the distance between our perspectives, my mother and I share the same heart. It is kind and caring, soft and gentle. My heart is founded in my mother's love, and I am grateful. For in her heart I have learned to give and receive. In her ways, I have embraced the joy of being kind and caring, soft and gentle. In her love, I have discovered what it means to be a mother.
He woke up while I was preparing dinner and I had to bail so I could console him. Thankfully Matt was home and I handed the reigns over to him. With step by step instructions he made some damn fine quesadillas. Luckily I had already knocked out the salsa and guacamole. While Matt cooked I carried Xander back to his room, had Adrienne fetch me my kindle, and read him Penrod and Sam till he fell asleep.
Mamata Banerjee’s success at the hustings, like Louis Bonaparte’s, rested most crucially on the support extended by the aggrieved peasantry. Naturally she has been trying her level best to keep the illusion alive by means of measures such as the hurriedly passed legislation to return agricultural land in Singur to the so-called ‘unwilling peasants’, the Kisan Credit Card project and the like. Such superficial measures could not possibly do any real good, and very soon the spate of farmers’ suicides revealed some of the fault lines, compelling her to take shelter behind a wall of denials. Well, how could the proud builder of “Sonar Bangla” accept such blemishes and other complaints like growing violence on women?
Pink, sequined cardigan, Moda International. Green cami, New York and Company. Printed skirt, George ME. Green pumps, Colin Stuart. Cameo choker, vintage. Golden paillette necklace, Body Central. Orange, fluffy cat, Monty.
6. Until 2 months ago, I hadn't been to the gym in almost 2 years. Now I'm trying to go at least 3 times a week. (And I'm not doing too bad!)
Because today is Fat Tuesday,
So what did happen? It seems that a stray dog wandered into the courtroom, found a comfortable spot in the corner and wouldn't leave. It amused some local children. The court officials rang the local animal welfare officers who took it away. "There was no talk of reincarnation, a lawyer has never been mentioned, either now or 20 years ago, and there was no stoning."
It does feel more christmassy though with all the snow and every morning i look out the window hoping to see a fresh layer of the clean crisp stuff, praying for a snow day so i don’t have to go out in the cold!
Crafty Christmas Club crafters - good work! Thank you for sharing all your lovely makes and being inspirational. Let's give ourselves a break now until next year - the blog will be open again from Autumn 2012. If new members would like to join, please get in touch then.
I usually like bright colors and this palette was very very pleasing to my eyes. But it took me quite a while to come up with this simple card... Nothing seemed to match :-( But I kind of like the final outcome...
Today, we are having a very nice relaxing day. We have been at sea for 7 days and are both doing very well - so is Moondance.
(We discovered later that European credit cards have some kind of computer chip in them that American cards don't have. This wasn't a problem anywhere but in the train station. But at the time, this was just one more worry--would our cards work nowhere in France?)
bare?
So yes all I really listen to right now is the Spring Awakening music and it is wonderful. Now since I wrote all about Spring Awakening in my Writer's block unblocked post I am going to be done for now so...
Then there is the disturbingly unquestioned position of authority that Betty holds on all things sexual. Reproducing patriarchal systems of hierarchical power, it seems she has reached to far high up the ladder that anyone who dares ask a question is a pariah whose sanity is to be questioned. I had never heard of her before this Clitoraid thing and so it was in naivete that I questioned her ‘expertise’ on the issue of Female Circumcision. Woe unto me for daring.
Hi – and thanks for asking me back!
1 nostrum
So far, I am NOT diggin' these prompts for May. I hope I don't end up being a NaBloPoMo dropout...
Productive, but long. I somehow managed to steal an "office day" on Monday, which means that the kids were NOT in the house and I could catch up on work for a day. I didn't really get everything done, but most. Then yesterday I amazingly got an extra two hours of alone time because it was an exam day with my college class ( which = early out) so I finished most everything left.
Although there’s an enormous amount of interest in small cars today there is renewed and rising interest in Crossover, SUV, 4×4 cars.
Schrader SM, Nikitina N, Turner TW, Chashchin VP, Nikanov A, Simon SD, Odland J, E Nieboer E. 2003. Semen Quality of Nickel Refinery Workers. J Andrology 2003; 24 (Suppl.): 83.
Our birth and our death
while crooning soulful lullabies
The man had come seeking relief from physical paralysis, but God often grants to man more than he asks. He declaration of Jesus implies divine understanding of the human heart and of the deepest needs and possibilities of man, even as it implies possession of the highest authority and power of heaven.
4) The big variable-race day adrenaline!
asāraṁ grāhito bālo
Hi, I'm back! I told you I was going away for a couple of days... well, I was in Oslo! The sun was shining, the seafood was delicious and I had a really nice time. I wanted to share some of my photos... so here we go.
Soon he captured the hearts of many, they all wanted to hear and see him. What joy one of these evenings was, he narrated from one song to the next, anecdotes, a few jokes, and also some philosophical profundities!
I don't know what it is but there will be a cask tonight at Uncle Billy's. I hope it's some of the Anniversary Ale, which is delicious.
After some turns Mardin managed to get to the goblin captain with a small escort, killed him and took the treasure with him. This was probably around turn 6 or 7 so time was almost up. The troll tried to catch Mardin running away with it and with his chain managed to hurt him. But the battlefield was too crowded for him to move easily around his own troops. At this time the dwarves had to start making Break tests, and they managed to pass them all being near Mardin (20cm is a lot in such a small table).
Recent headlines from around the state document serious problems with how our companion animals are being treated – and in most cases there is no care standard that is being violated:
Bill Condon (Gods and Monsters)
I am no professional camera-girl. I want to make that clear from the start. So no laughing at my camera or lack-of-editing skills. But I did think my kiddo was onto something. The videos we will be sharing with you will give you a much better idea of how the site works and what you can expect from it - better than that boring ole screen shot of my shop up there can.
Mother, O' Mother, come shake out your cloth,
The one piece of nutritional advice that they’re totally right about is that I don’t get enough calcium. I’m not sure how I could get enough, though, since I’m lactose intolerant and hate the taste of milk. Suggestions?
Inhaling deeply, Meg nodded once, “Good.” Eyes burning, Meg closed them and tested her body. She moved her feet and wiggled her toes. She couldn’t lift her right arm very high and her mother put a restraining hand on her elbow, “Easy, baby girl. Don’t pull anything loose.”
“Most of the agents are dedicated and brave,” he said. “They’ll take a bullet for the president.
Turns out it’s not poisonous, although I’m pretty sure in a more conscious state I might have figured that out on my own, since putting poisonous ingredients in your soup is probably against the law or something. The bay leaf is supposed to remain tough and inedible, with sharp edges, and the ability to make you choke if you try to swallow it. Thus removing it is the best course of action to take before serving your guests. Unless you don’t like them much. But still, I think there are less drastic ways to get them to go home.
Yokohama Beer pixy Orange Ale
538 D-III/27/1963. “Plato’s Meno, Geometrically Considered,” The Classics Honor Society, Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois.
Out of Zion, perfect in its beauty, *
Dies: Marianne Design pine branch
On Friday night I am having dinner with family on my father's boat which I am very much looking forward to. Then I have two other parties coming up with friends and family. So I don't really care that I didn't do much celebrating on my actual birthday. Why would you when you get to do it 3 times at later dates. Woo! It's like Gwen Stefani having two weddings just so she could wear her custom made couture wedding dress twice. Dig it.
Cafeteria Catholics abound who practice healing, psychic channeling
*I went back for a second scan of Bobbie's heart, and she's fine.
Also some news if you have not heard yet. Christian Paper Crafts is now the ODBD Forum. Mostly still the same challenges going on, but it is now an ODBD website, kind of like a hang out for ODBD fans!! ;D;D If you have a chance you should check it out.
The video above is of police pepper-spraying nonviolent, calm UC students who refused to leave their campsite on the university quad.
Kaelyn- She is very smart. She is always showing and telling me things that she has learned. Her vocabulary is pretty big for only being two. She sometimes acts much older then she is, but is quick to remind you she is only two. She is starting to learn the concepts of choices. Her mom always gives her choices and she loves it. Even though it may not matter which choice she makes it's very important to know that you have that power.
I have been developing my philosophies for living over my lifetime, but more recently I have really been consciously thinking about them. I realize I need very little to survive, and the same is true for being happy. My joy is not connected to material things. I love to see people helping people, and feel it is not only a good thing to do, but the right thing to do.
We wanted to do something nice for the boy's swim coaches and this was a huge hit. All the parents kept asking if it was someone's birthday and the coaches were thrilled! Yay!
especially the buildings!! if you're into architecture & art, you'll definitely love Barcelona!
Medical Management–with Methotrexate
The man reflected for a moment. Very, was his answer. Very badass.
In my opinion the best way to fight the stereotype that baseball is boring was to show moments that are considered exciting no matter where they take place. I felt that if I showed top plays or historically important moments in the game that there could still be doubt. Everyone reacts to fights in different ways, but they’re sure to get your adrenaline going and at the very least cause some tension.
Please join me in thanking Annette Dayot for joining us in the Tea Room last week as our Special Guest Designer!
I was never one for group sports growing up. I preferred tennis, swimming, and reading ;)
part of Alexander Sokurov’s tetralogy dedicated to the subject of power. (The previous parts are Moloch about Hitler and Eva Braun, Taurus about Lenin and The Sun about Japanese Emperor Hirohito.) Faust does win over his adversary in Sokurov’s film unlike in Marlowe’s play and Mann novel where his adversary cautions him that the Devil exists in spite of Faust attaining creative glory in his madness. The crucial importance of the end of Sokurov’s Faust is the suggestion that Faust has got his power/knowledge/carnal desires but that as Sokurov himself asserted in a press conference at the Venice Film Festival, “he walks off in order to become a tyrant, a political leader, an oligarch”. "The tyrants in the previous films of the tetralogy saw themselves as God's representatives on Earth, but they made an unpleasant discovery: they are only human," reads a commentary in production notes for the movie. “In Faust, the reverse is the case: a man is turned into an idol before our very eyes. Faust's triumphal march around the world is only beginning as the film closes.” It is true that every ethical viewer/reader of the Faust tale would like the doctor to win over his adversary. Sokurov presents a starving Faust who seeks out the Mephistophelean moneylender, quite in contrast to Goethe’s tale where the Devil seeks out Faust to tempt and trap. But Sokurov presents a larger question for us to consider, what if our hero of the moment is developing into a tyrant of the future?
Request strength to resist evil and temptation.
5) Rehydrate them in warm water for 30 minutes.
* Sat in a therapy group with other survivors. Began to wonder, “What’s the difference between this ‘inner child’ people keep talking about and the children within me? And how come I’m the only one who spontaneously gets ‘little’ from time to time?”
Sex is something that I rarely delve into, graphic sex anyway. I’ve never been one to read erotica and the fiction that I have read has not been sex heavy so I’ve never really put too much into my own fiction. When I have done though it has never felt like it fitted into my style of writing. I’d rather write the lead up, building the moment and then discreetly back away from the actual act. Sex can be as dramatic an event as a violent act but I don’t think that I need to write in detail about it as, like i said, it did not fit into how and what I write. It’s more effective to deal with the emotional side of sex and the betrayals that it can be part of. Lets face it, aside from greed sex is what motivates a lot of people so I’d be rather stupid to ignore it.
Jerrika Hinton ... Tressa
Given the distance of 25 km, I didn’t device any special training sessions as I assumed my weekly mileage was sufficient to prepare me for this run, in terms of stamina. As for the elevations, I was just mentally prepared for some tough climbs.
Prior to the game there is a genuine anticipation that we would win today and avenge the 2-0 loss to Hedge-End in January. This is not born out of any sense of entitlement or complacency, but from the performance in last week’s narrow defeat to third place Thornhill Health Kicks. The opening fifteen minutes are testament to this. We harry and chase across the pitch, helping Marc Judd finds gaps behind Town’s defence with his trademark left foot cross field ball. Sam Schwodler is on the end of most of them. He goes close to scoring on several occasions, most notably when cutting in from the right and striking powerfully to see his shot tipped over the crossbar
In the morning, he started his day in Carinin’s office. “I think I’ve found Darky’s lair. Let me go undercover as a lost hiker or something to find out.”
Friend B. Her husband is a man without brains, looks, integrity or any distinguishable charm. But this man is completely dependent on her, although he likes to imagine that he’s not. According to Friend B, her partner would be lost without her. Friend B’s life is effectively signed over to this man, because she made a promise. Looking at the situation, I can see that although Friend B hasn’t done too well out of the arrangement, she’s certainly made a big and POSITIVE difference to a lot of people’s lives, by making this choice.
If you want to win, you need to have signed up to participate in the challenge using Mr. Linky on the original page. And if you haven’t signed up yet, what are you waiting for? Signups remain open for the length of the challenge. It only takes 1 book to participate, and you can read that by January, can’t you?
“I don’t want to go to Hollywood and be an actor.
In his final words to the court, Strickland urged the judges not to let Texas become the first state to forcibly medicate someone so he
So today I thought I would share some pictures of my craft room.I took the picture exactly how it was when I walked in no cleaning(which I know it needs it sooo bad).
I felt a sharp prick in the third finger of my right hand.
Another interesting week ahead for law news… I am planning to do some televised short voxpop interviews with members of the public about legal news stories when I return to London. these will supplement the podcasts which I am already doing and, hopefully, be of interest in terms of seeing how mebers of the public regard our laws and the legal issues of our times. We shall see how it goes! (I shall, do not fear, be behind the camera)
B) 4 1/2 hr. combi leaves from Cuzco at 8:30 AM to Santa Maria = S 30 pp
During this weekend, a film festival centering around short films took place, Sanford’s Show Us Your Shorts. I assumed this contributed to the night’s packed house.
I would love to see you over in the Scrapbook Savvy Forum, you still have till midnight Thursday to submit your layouts, and of course I'd love it EVEN MORE if you included some Purple Pumpkin goodies on your cybercrop layouts!
When we got out of the theater, it was dark and I actually looked under the car before we got in (sneakily of course so the kids wouldn't see me). When I got in the car, I anxiously looked in the rear view mirror and my wig was turned around sideways. Thank goodness my kids were too nervous to notice cause I certainly would have never lived that one down. At least it was a good thing that we had a station wagon at the time so I didn't have them (and me) thinking that someone was in the trunk. And of course it didn't help that our weather was exactly the same as the weather in the movie.....Fall, with lots and lots of crunchy leaves on the ground.....when darkness comes very early.
I'm finally at a place of relief. Gosh dang, that roller coaster of hope and despair is FINALLY over. I have the definitive answer I asked for when I saw that shooting star a couple of weeks ago. I hate it, but I have it. So, I am slowly turning my head from the beloved past to look forward to what's to come.
A couple of months ago when I woke up with small clusters of insect bites on my elbows, hands and knees, it happened to be the opening day of the first-ever North American bedbug summit, held in Chicago.
Hey, what about Pay Pal censoring what they deem to be immoral books? They are a private company and I guess it's okay if they censor, though it seems un-American to me. We have to be very careful about censoring. It starts out small and grows like a malignancy. Pretty soon they are censoring books with questionable language, then religious themes, then violence, and next love. Seems like it's possible they might try and censor emotions as well.
We love Nicolas Cage and the title said it was in 3D mode so we thought it was a good movie. We werewrong. First of all, the plot is so stupid.
Not a good day at all. I stayed up way too late cleaning and just ate too much chocolate. :(
“He became intrigued by antigovernment conspiracy theories, including that the Sept. 11 attacks were perpetrated by the government and that the country’s central banking system was enslaving its citizens. His anger would well up at the sight of President George W. Bush, or in discussing what he considered to be the nefarious designs of government.”
The couple moved into their new home, which also doubled as an office for Tom’s burgeoning media products business. Gradually, as staff increased, the business took over two of the three bedrooms and the need for larger dedicated premises became pressing.
In the case at bar, the period of almost four (4) years of waiting constitutes inaction that caused unnecessary delay in the disposition of said cases. The fact that no damage or prejudice was sustained by the complainant, he being the defendant in that case, is of no moment.
We tied up our dinghy and ventured up the road and there was Nimrod's with a welcome sign. Despite an unexpected and not completely friendly blond who greeted us, we were led around to the kitchen and ordered two rotis - one beef, one chicken.
Breathing all the fumes from his refinishing materials has taken a toll on his lungs.
So - is it just me, or is anyone else getting mildly seasonally depressed this summer? Are the grey days getting you down too? And you could possibly send my family all the good weather vibes you can muster for our beach trip in 2 weeks? Thanks muchly!
Anthony Hopkins said once that he found it easy to play Hannibal Lecter. If that's the case, he certainly tapped into his inner psychopath. Hannibal's smile still gives me chills 17 years later. The Silence of the Lambs
Negotiations cannot take their place above the heads or behind the backs of our people.
There's something so amazing and liberating about falling in crush. (My own daughter is on the cusp of this, she gets excited when she sees Justin Bieber on a greeting card.) It's safe, it's almost always a group activity and it lets you playact being a teenager or an adult. It's also embarrassing as hell when looking back.
Well I just popped in to remind you that you have about a week left to submit your entries for our latest challenge at Totally Tilda.
I do have depression and wouldn't it be marvelous if Sleep Apnea was playing a significant role in it and will be possibly rectified by using the CPAP machine? I can only hope!!
Nobody writes like Timothy Taylor. Thoughtful, provocative, intense, prescient – he’s a unique voice on our Canliterary scene, with, for me, a growing reputation as a chronicler of, and guide to, the urban landscape with its often concealed microniches and highly evolved and adapted flora and fauna. Taylor came to my notice in 2001 with his first novel, Stanley Park. Nominated for the Giller Prize, it garnered the Vancouver writer and journalist significant attention, but not, I think, as much as was deserved. Even then, as the solitary occupant of a list of Taylor novels, it seemed like the beginning of something new and special — a masterful, entertaining narrative used as a vehicle for much larger ideas — and not just any big ideas, but ideas plucked from the interface of the now and the near future, ideas that, in response to new and unprecedented social pressures, were just beginning to percolate up from depths of our cultural subconscious and into our collective gaze. In 2001, it was the ramificatioans of the globalization of our food supply, and the role food may play, perhaps on a molecular level, in our sense of identity and connection to the land. Taylor gave voice to locavore sensibilities just as we, as a culture, were beginning to realize that it might be necessary to have them. In The Blue Light Project, Taylor turns his penetrating gaze to the phenomenon of celebrity culture, and the evolution (or devolution) of the sources of meaning and power in our meme-saturated internet world, the media-enhanced merging of reality and entertainment, with a nod to the relevance of art, both public and private, and the issue of personal authenticity.
Six different malts and one hop at 4.8% abv. This gravity takes it into the "Northern brown ale" catagory which suits me!
And if you are finding yourself in a similar place of mind then these are my words to you:
But that said, there are some supplements that would help and enhance your goals. This could be in a form of faster recovery , increased strength or higher metabolism.
Although the Piazza card clearly states he was traded to the Mets on May 22, 1998 - the card itself sports the Dodgers logo on the back (which makes it a Dodgers card in my book). I don't like that type of asymmetry between a card front and card back - so the win goes to DeShields. Now tied at 2 each!
The year before, a Wellesley student, Hillary Rodham, had spent time a good deal of time interviewing him as the subject of her senior thesis.
The sound of the Millennium Falcon was a malfunctioning air-con unit.
Speaker Series: Doreen Nelson
Subject: Re: Family Trip!!!
Ya know what, my mind’s tired right now. I don’t want to do a whole lot of digging and research on bands or musicians and their discography and all that stuff. I need a mental rest for the remains of the day.
Level 21: Mastery: +66%, Weapon ATT: +21, Minimum Critical Damage: +11%.
PANDAS TO PANS. An expansion of the definition of Pediatric Acute-onset Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorderr Associated with Streptococcus (PANDAS) is called simply PANS -- Pediatric Acute-onset Neuropsychiatric Syndrome. It involves the sudden onset of OCD symptoms without a known cause. Find out more.
When you know who you are, and operate from that strength, you can bulletproof your life and your business. This is the basis of WhoProof, developed by Christie Mims & Scott Sullivan. (Yes, even little Cindy Who and everyone in Whoville would appreciate the simplicity of this program!)
Be kind babies.
and slow going, due to the translation interrupts in-between talks.
I made this on one of my last days in Canada (yes, I’m back in Denmark), and it was a nice farewell-to-summer treat. Grilled anything puts a smile on my face, and because it seems to be such a seasonal cooking method, the novelty of it plays a significant role in my satisfaction. Hence the reason for throwing not just one, but all the ingredients on the barbeque for a grilling extravaganza only rivaled my dad’s chicken n’ ribs night.
The evening helped me remember that it doesn't take much to create joy. It can be as simple as taking a turn on the dance floor, even if the dance floor is your own living room. You just have to take that first step...
And so the phrase stuck with me, you could see them every day, those who ‘hear no music’ their faces set against a world that they don’t quite understand and if they don't understand it, it must be changed until they do.
Jamie Moore was born on January 31, 1985. He is the son of Brighton trainer and former jockey Gary and brother of former champion Flat jockey Ryan. Another brother Josh is currently a conditional jockey and sister Hayley has ridden as an amateur on the Flat as well as commentated on races. He qualified to ride in the 2003 John Smith’s Grand National only at the last minute with trebles on consecutive racing days at Haydock and Plumpton the week before the race and completed when 13th on Royal Predica. Moore was originally attached to Martin Pipe’s stable but went freelance in July, 2005. He turned professional at the end of the 2002/03 season and his big wins include a dead-heat first place on Horus in the Vodafone Gold Cup at Newbury and a clear-cut success for It Takes Time in the Ascot Chase. He was champion conditional in 2003/04 with 48 wins. He has already twice enjoyed victory over the National fences on Dunbrody Millar in the 2007 John Smith’s Topham Chase and on Endless Power in the 2008 Grand Sefton Chase. He also had a big-race victory on Heathcote in the 2007 Betfair Trophy at Newbury. Last season he gained a Grade Two victory on Sire De Grugy in the Dovecote Novices’ Hurdle at Kempton. The horse has developed into a high-class hurdler this season with placed efforts in the Betfair Hurdle and the Imperial Cup at Sandown. Other flagbearers for Moore include Fruity O’Rooney, who won at Kempton over Christmas prior to placed efforts in the Sky Bet Chase and JLT Specialty Chase at the Cheltenham Festival this year. John Smith’sGrand National Record: 2003 Royal Predica (13th); 2006 Le Duc (UR 8th), 2007 Thisthatandtother (PU 30th), 2011 Santa’s Son (PU 16th).
Return pepper mixture to stock pot add one can coconut milk, and cream/evaporated milk, and spices. Stir well
Even if the big changes aren’t in your world today, some change to your life or work will affect you in a subtle way.
From Brandenburg Gate, I walked to the Reichstag, which I didn’t get to see on my tour. Then I walked to Berlin’s wonderful ferrovitreous central train station. After that I walked to Hackscher Markt, a large outdoor market, and passed through the big commercial district on the way. I thought I found a huge mosque but it turned out it was a synagogue! I don’t think I had ever been so excited to see a synagogue in my life. It was so pretty and detailed! There were cops patrolling outside which was a little scary but I guess since it was shabbos they had to prevent tourists from going inside during services.
But more than being territorial, I’m frugal, and there’s no room in my budget for someone else to clean my home at $60 or $80 a pop. If I have dust bunnies and smudges on my walls, so be it. I look at it this way: cleaning my own home helps me bond with it, know it, feel it, and really get to know what we have, what we need, what can go out, who’s sneaking snacks at night, who accidently threw out a bracelet that only needed to be glued, even who had a bout of diarrhea! I didn’t decide to have a family just to keep my hands clean! I had a family so I could enjoy all the crazy dirt and mess that goes along with it. After all, I doubt anyone has ever gone to their deathbed thinking, “I should have hired a maid.”
Ace, represents a hierarchy
We still laugh about the time he was in the jeep when we parked it to go eat on a snow day. Steve wanted to teach me the proper way to drive on ice and snow so we had been doing skids and circles on icy parking lots for a couple of hours, I parked the jeep in the middle of the almost deserted parking lot well away from other cars. We walked in and as we stared to sit down i saw a car pulling in between
You see? Obsessing. Little things. Buttloads of giggles. And that doesn’t make for good TV.
Isn’t it always a joy when Spring comes and we are reminded that life does, indeed, go on? That God still has a plan for the Earth and each one of His creations? That there is Beauty all around us, if we will just take the time to seek it out?
Firstly, just to create a soft edge around the edge of a piece of card couldn't be easier. You can take your ink pad straight to the edge of the card but on the whole I wouldn't recommend it. The colour is generally too strong and if you've got a very juicy ink pad you're going to be in all sorts of trouble. I like to use Cut n Dry foam but you can use a make up sponge or a bit of washing up sponge if you prefer.
Melt butter in a medium frying pan. Over medium heat, add onions, mushrooms and sauerkraut, salt and pepper, until onions are soft. Put aside.
Oat-nut pancakes - Add 1.5 t diced pecans, walnuts or almonds to recipe;
is full,
It’s a good feeling.
We tend to take the moon for granted. It’s a big hunk of lifeless rock locked in orbit around us. We sent six manned missions there, as well as a few probes. Now we’ve been there, done that and it’s time to move on to something more interesting. That tends to be the prevailing view of the moon. But there are some dissenters: fringe figures who claim that the moon is much more interesting than we’ve ever been led to believe.
These three people were such creative trailblazers – ridiculously hard-working, witty, original creatures, who despite the odds, carved out amazingly successful careers, leaving behind an impressive legacy and immense amounts of joy.
You may remember I blogged about The Empress in April. I thought she'd make a good model for the necklaces I design. A picture taken of a necklace flat makes it lifeless and it's difficult to get a good sense of how it will hang. Sort of like this:
You hear that Portland is a younger and more vibrant town than Seattle, and its downtown has much to recommend. The hotel was awash in young artistic professionals, and walking back from dinner, we passed a group playing D&D on the porch of a game store while a young lady was parked under a lampost using the wifi. In downtown Portland. OK, I can get with it.You're younger and hipper than us. That's cool.
1 backbone
Now you're ready to actually get started. Most of my parties are very DIY - and, yes, you can tell that many things are homemade. But it saves money and makes the party more fun and personal for me. Make a list of everything you'll make and another of everything you'll buy. Then make a separate list of the supplies you'll need for homemade stuff. I generally make everything over the course of a two weeks, working in the evenings before bed. Often I play a movie or an audiobook on my computer while I work, although some more involved projects may require your full attention (and/or Internet help.)
Austin American-Statesman
Total Cholesterol: 342
I can't seem to get in enough stitching right now. Every free moment I'm stitching away at something. I've got 2 scarves done and working on a 3rd, finished a baby blanket and have completed 3 pairs of booties. Pictures will be coming soon but here's an advanced sneak peek at some of it.
Cut the potato into cubes, put pieces into a small pot, cover with water add a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, cooking for 10 minutes, till potato is tender. Drain, season the potato with salt and pepper and set aside.
“And many others in our order have duties to the Alliance to perform in the northern continent, to clear the world of the undead threat that once threatened to consume it.”
Bought this one after reading Nicola Morgan's wonderful review of it. Sometimes a book sounds so refreshingly different to everything that's come before that you just have to buy it and read it yourself. This was no disappointment. If you like all your books to be much the same as each other, written in similar styles and following a similar plot, don't buy this one. If you enjoy new writing styles, unusual narrative voices and different plots then this has all that.
If your social calendar is anything like mine, Summer is also known as "wedding season" with joyous unions popping up in my datebook from June through September like lovely blossoms. For May, we are set to give you a number of ideas for everything from unique wedding cards to awesome tags and mini albums and from altered items to save all those wonderful memories to some fashionable additions to the wedding day itself.
I've missed writing. For the last few weeks, I've been busy with first the wedding and then the Passover holidays. I'm exhausted but happy; relaxed and yet tense. The challah dough is rising in the kitchen; the soup is cooking. I have a bit more to do, but it's a very quiet Shabbat - just me, my husband and Aliza. Strange to be so few. I'm not sure I even know how to cook for that small number and so - I'm giving challah to Elie and to Amira; I'm making a fish roll for them as well.
One issue I've always had, is my well-developed ability to move quickly, cross-country, with inordinate amounts of weight on my back (I once jumped into a three-week training mission with a ten-pound, cast-iron dutch oven in my ruck, just for the ability to cook peach cobbler for my ODA...), without complaint. This was beneficial when I was a young Ranger, packing a M249 SAW, and a basic load and a half of ammunition for it, as well as when I was a junior SF weapons sergeant, and had a senior Bravo who insisted I needed to pack a mortar, base-plate, and a half-dozen rounds for it, as well as my personal gear. It has been a drawback in recent years however, as I still tend to over pack my ruck, burdening myself with gear that is "nice-to-have" but not "need-to-have." Even here in the Northern Rockies, in the depths of winter, if I am packing a rucksack, fighting load, and a weapon, I do not need four fleece jackets, and three pairs of long underwear in my ruck. This re-awakening of the fundamentals has led to drastic reductions in my basic payload weight, as I deliberately and mercilessly cull my gear on a regular basis. I'm currently down to two sets of base layer long underwear (one silk weight, the other medium weight polypropylene), a single medium weight fleece jacket (in the winter, this is augmented by an old-style quilted M65 field jacket liner), and an ultra-light wind- and water-proof outer shell for cold-weather "snivel" gear, supplemented by a fleece cap, polypropylene neck gaiter, balaclava, and a shemagh, as well as heavier, winter-weight gloves. If I'm moving through the timber, across the desert, the heater on my back (the rucksack) keeps me creating body heat. If I stop, I'm generally going into a hide-site, which means I'm either moving into my sleep system/shelter (see below), have the ability to use a small warming fire to create heat, or need to stay cool (but not hypothermic) enough to stay awake for a surveillance mission, or other essential tasks.
Time is certainly moving along. This little treasure is already 6 months old. That song "Times they are a-changin'" couldn't be more suitable for him as we named him for one of our favourite singers. Every day brings with it new & exciting developments in his little life already, from almost sitting by himself, to eating like a pig. In many ways he is like his big brother - to look at for one thing & how tall he is seemingly going to be. In many ways he is different too. This boy likes food already. It took a long time for the big boy to be interested in food. DJ is on the move now, rolling about & wiggling from here to there, being determined to get hold of whatever he has set his sights on.
But here are the mornings, here is what, in the absence of a vacation, invigorates me on a daily basis:
The one glance you stole
So the instructions were to mix in a bit of water with the paint to make a tad runnier so it would coat more easily. So that's what I did.
“Those people who could not understand the reality — they began to believe that it is possible to really transform the material bread and wine — into the flesh and blood of Jesus — with special prayers and incantations.
Another guest (Pharaoh) only considers it if Obama witnessed a gunfight outside a radio station and snitched to the cops about it, but Mitt Romney sees the fight and keeps his mouth shut.
After a quick check on AA route planner, I discovered that the closest I am to any of the breweries that my beers originated is 251.5 miles, which kinda emphasises the point of beer swap.
Chile Ale (Shamrock). Amber Cold toddied with locally grown ‘Mira Sol’ making a spicy and aromatic glas of beer. Brewer, Alan Stiles.
Locke is whittling a very long stick with his big knife. Sawyer asks him if it's going to be a spear.
So my message to the athletes and coaches is this. Let’s stop making foolish mistakes! Not only is your reputation on the line, but so is that of USA Track and Field as both an organization and a sport. We already have a reputation that has been sullied by drug scandals and innuendo. We can ill afford any further negative publicity OR the loss of critical potential medal earners.
While Hecht and colleagues assert that “smokeless tobacco is carcinogenic to humans, causing oral, pancreatic and esophageal cancer,” a comprehensive study of cancer risks among smokeless users (here) documented no significant risk for any of these cancers. There is virtually no evidence that current TSNA levels are associated with ANY significant cancer risks. Reducing current levels cannot lower an immeasurable cancer risk.
Millions of people across the world suffer chronic pain -- such as nerve, joint or muscle pain that lasts weeks, months or years -- and many fail to get adequate relief, partly because doctors have a relatively scant grasp of what causes it.
I try to add a few new recipes each year, but am sure to keep the family favorites also.
Or would you like to make a fabric covered box to keep you embroidery tools and threads etc. in it
I had a list of great ‘to do’ things that really, really needed to be done. I took a nap instead. When I woke up, it was too late to reach needed East Coast offices.
Three days of in-season tests, so what’s the verdict?
The hills of Fort Tryon Park would laugh their inclines off if I showed up for Coogan's without training. Besides, a neighbor had promised me a key lime cupcake.
–HAVE FUN & CONNECT (w/COMMUNITY)!
“We will not finance any organisation that advocates discrimination and incitement to hatred.”
Rabbi David Wolpe:
Rolo enjoys lying on the stairs and can spread himself over most of a complete step.
But it's clear that what really makes Larklight stand out is the fantastic artwork of David Wyatt, the illustrator whom Val Brathwaite suggested for the project. From the start I'd been keen that the book should look like an artifact which has tumbled through some wormhole from the universe in which it's set, and I think David achieved that brief beautifully, filling every available space with his intricate, humorous, hugely detailed pen-and-ink drawings, and covering the endpapers with adverts for the things a Victorian space-farer might need, some ideas supplied by me, but many entirely his own.** He also, along with Bloomsbury's web designers, created the beautiful and oft-imitated Larklight website, which is one of the best things I've ever seen on the internet (I can say that without blushing, 'cos it was nothing to do with me. Go and look at it, do: it has steam and piano music and such: do make sure you click on all the little switches, wheels and levers, and on the image of Myrtle to the left of the control panel). It was an enormous pleasure to watch David's images of the Larklight world take shape. In the two sequels, Starcross and Mothstorm I was able to work more closely with him, and in both those books there are whole scenes and characters which developed out of drawings I saw in his sketchbooks.
Now its ready to store all my fabric and office supplies!
4E lost their opportunity to be the next magnet for the rpg community of designers with its restrictive GSL and barriers of integration into "core" 4E, namely through a Character Builder incapable of allowing for third party content to be imported.Will 5E correct this mistake? Will 5E be the next big thing designers and third party publishers will get behind? I think the potential certainly exists for this, but as with 4E, this will all come down to how WotC handles the OGL/GSL and how difficult it will be for a consumer to integrate third party material into their own campaigns. Unlike other systems, D&D and 5E will have a built in fan base simply because it is D&D. In this case it is less about the system drawing people in and more about how WotC handles the situation; it is completely in the hands of WotC how this all plays out.
October was not my month. November, on the other hand, is! I cannot tell you how wonderful it was to wake up on Monday knowing it was November 1st. I was relieved and ready for some change. I know it seems odd that I would be that anxious to change months, but its made the biggest difference! My attitude is different and things are going much more smoothly. Granted, it is only the first week of November but I have a wonderful feeling about this month!
Seedling - flowers from Recollections
I'm sure those of you who are regular bloggers will have come up against the new style Word Verification, which frankly is an absolute pain to read, often requiring several attempts to get the correct letters and you will know it means it takes much longer to get round your favourite blogs.
-Email checked
Most boats all along the waterfront were either damaged or untethered. Predictably, beach houses on Rockaway Beach and other quieter locales fared the worst. The luckiest structures survived with nary a window remaining; those less fortunate were found floating offshore. In Astoria, Queens, the roof to the jail was taken off, to the fright of the occupants inside.
Just the two of us. Our family unit does not have to contain certain roles or quantities. We are a family. My parents and sister are part of our extended family, but Prince and I are a family.
You think I'm talking fairy tales? No way. The place is New York City. The time is now. It's no deformity, no disease. And I'll stay this way forever—ruined—unless I can break the spell.
Is created by the light that is she.
Bella Creations challenges for the month of February are being revealed today. Im so excited to be a part of the DT because I love the challenges that we all come up with.
Those of you who are interested in knowing, the man who almost lost his leg earlier in the week is going home from the hospital today! Praise the LORD! Thanks to all who prayed! God is gracious to sinners and He is gracious to His children! I know I am sure thankful that He shows His grace to me every day! And He doesn't hold grudges! He completely forgives and throws our sins into the depths of the sea!
While Suaram has formally filed a complaint with the French court over the scandalous Scorpene submarine sale to Malaysia, it holds no illusions that those named as witnesses, including Abdul Razak Baginda, will actually step forward to testify.
$2 fee & free parking hours from 9am to 5pm
POUR 1 cup warm pumpkin milk mixture into coffee mug and add 1-4 coffee shots. Dust with more pumpkin pie spice if desired.
Love you Gran
Other exciting news is that I am off to Italy this Sunday for a ski trip .
Liz Shanks presents this 17-episode video podcast for parents and children. In each podcast, originally published in 2010, Liz reads a mix of classic and new picture books to children in the “Listen, Learn and Grow sessions.” Most episodes feature a single picture book, although at least one has two related stories. Parents will benefit from Liz’s brief talks on the importance and benefits of reading to children. Children will enjoy the beautiful picture books and the warmth of Liz’s story-telling style.
My mother never, ever enjoys what she gets in restaurants. No matter how good the food is, there is always something not quite right with it, if she enjoyed the fish, the potatoes were not right, too lumpy, too seasoned, too hot, too cold, too something. She would always leave most of her dinner uneaten and then we would have to have the conversation with the waiter, obviously she wouldn't complain about anything but she would make us explain that the food was lovely but she's just not a big eater, that's what she likes us to say. I just wanted to say sorry, she's a bit mental and fussy and she hates seasoning and any kind of taste in food at all, she only wants things to taste like porridge.
24 hours after my plea on facebook Karena offered up a stall in her barn and agreed to foster him until spring. They also had a nice house in a pen but felt Lenny would have more company with her horses in the barn. So yesterday morning in the pouring rain I loaded my truck once again with a crate, blocking boards , treats , a bucket, dolly, food and blankets.
That’s it for this week. Everyone have a safe and happy St. Patrick’s Day!
So that wraps up my pie party. I hope I've inspired you to invite some friends over and have a pie party of your own. I've linked to a few of the recipes in this post and have shared my very easy recipe for chicken pot pie. Over the next few days I'll share the recipes for the other dessert pies. Enjoy!
62. Sunshine for Casey's soccer tournament this Saturday
And finally, I ended the day with OSLO, AUGUST 31. Early in the film, Anders (Anders Danielsen Lie) weights his jacket down with stones and jumps into the water, hoping to drown himself. As it is, he just loses his jacket, but this half-comic suicide attempt will hang tensely over the entire movie. Anders is a recovering drug addict. He's been doing well in rehab, hasn't even had a beer in 10 months. And he's a smart guy, from an intellectual family and was doing well until he fucked up. He now has a one day leave from rehab, and he returns to Oslo to catch up with old friends. He's depressed about being a 30-something failure and jealous of his friends' seemingly more accomplished lives. He also feels guilt that his parents are selling their house (they claim they want a smaller place in retirement, he knows they went into debt putting him through rehab.) And, of course, he talks way too much about suicide (and how if he makes it look like and overdose no one will really be surprised or care that much.) It's an interesting and tense character study, and as a day with glimpses of hope (a job interview seemingly goes well, but he walks out after the interview gets too tense) becomes a night where everyone else is partying and it appears the temptation and despair might just be too much.
Pink Floyd was up there. The Doors. Jethro Tull. Frank Zappa. And Led Zeppelin.
Ward JB, JA Hokanson JA, Smith ER, Chang LW, Pereira MA, Whorton EB, MS; Legator. Sperm count, morphology and fluorescent body frequency in autopsy service workers exposed to formaldehyde. Mutation Research 1984; 130: 417-424.
Stop sweating about finances. I grew up in a household where there were times my parents were living from pay cheque to pay cheque. Yet, we always seemed to get through somehow. My sister and I were fortunate we really were never deprived of anything. We were both given the opportunity to go to post-secondary school, we were awarded with trips overseas, we made it to Disneyland, and we were provided with vehicles. To some, it may sound like we were spoiled. Yet, along with all these gifts, the life lessons we learned along the way were invaluable.
Rashad
As always, thanks for visiting my blog and I hope you like what you see. All feedback is welcome!
Republicans attacked the Clinton budget plan for delaying tough spending cuts until after the president leaves office, while putting Clinton in a good position to negotiate a balanced budget in his second term.
LSFNY Blog (lsfnyblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
For the fourth release, 41 markets are classified as improving under a conservative examination of local economic and housing market conditions. Among these areas is the Athens, Georgia metropolitan statistical area (MSA).
Too many of our children – in cities, towns, urban, rural or suburban – are unhealthy. Some don’t get enough to eat or enough of the healthy, nutritious foods growing minds and bodies need. Others eat too many of the wrong things. Many kids don’t get to play or be active every day.
After introductions, I addressed the multitude first. I had ten minutes to speak, and could have chosen to tell the audience about myself, my work, but decided not to do that. I described my story, which is a (hopefully) comic fable, “A Short History of Synchronised Breathing”. Then I described my own journey as a woman writer - being advised early on to write under a pseudonym if I wanted to be taken seriously by the literary establishment. Deciding not to, as that was dishonest. I'd take my chances. Calling reviews the ‘oxygen without which a book cannot breathe’, and going on to show VIDA 2011 Count statistics revealing a real skew, an imbalance in vital review space and in the gender of reviewers.
More on these and on Stonehaven once I wake up from the dead tomorrow morning….
What: TinyYears is an online diary where you can track special moments and photos
Seeing frost on the grass Sunday morning, we headed up to Missions San Miguel and San Antonio, before taking the beautiful and precipitous Nacimiento-Fergusson Road up and over the spine of the Santa Lucias. Here's your loyal blogger on Mill Creek trail, low on the ocean-facing slope of the Santa Lucias in the southernmost part of Ventana Wilderness.
In 1870 railroad mogul Doyle Kerrigan and Widow Ida Throckmorten’s ward Margaret Hamilton are engaged. Doyle’s partner Tait Rylander regrets not courting Margaret first as he is attracted to her. Margaret intercedes when she sees a man abusing a woman with a child. She also sees pedophile Horne who she knows from her Beale days; he is running for governor. Doyle says he will take care of the woman who accuses him of murdering her husband. Later she overhears servants talk that the mother and child were dumped in the East River. Margaret learns Doyle was a runner; an occupation that has destroyed many Irish lives including her family.
I only used the top die for this banner, but that's one of the things
To start off this blog, I thought I’d give a little insight into how a Red Tory sees the current economic crisis and what needs to be done about it.
Here's why: Each time an oil producing nation goes to war, its oil exports shrink... from a combination of the following two main factors - 1) its own demand for oil skyrockets so it exports less than it did before the war; 2) its oil rigs and installations are vital strategic targets and immediately come under attack from the enemy - more so for a nation like Saudi Arabia whose entire economy and influence is based on oil.
With writing, strangely, it's been completely the opposite. For whatever reason, all that open, dive-into-your-feeling mindset went out the window. I was one of those girls in the RomComs who's "afraid to love." I built up a wall around my heart, REFUSING to let any book in. I told myself I was being "realistic and business-like" about it all. I wasn't getting swept away. I was strong, calm, and rational.
As the fourth book passed through my hands for about the fifth time I knew I could read the book again. I would say yes I am obsessed with Harry Potter how could you not be. The fourth book, Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire by J K Rowling just keeps on giving us more and more. The fourth book brings Harry to a new stage in the game of survival.
With the IUD and implant, hormonal activity is focused in the uterus.
Follow us
Whisk/ beat well to combine all the ingredients. There shouldn't be any traces of flour visible. The batter would be really loose, but not to worry.
Wayans is more impressive than both Jessica Chastain in The Help and Bérénice Bejo in The Artist, and should have received a Supporting Actress nomination. Oh, I forgot: The Help was Hollywood’s token Black movie this year; how presumptuous of me to think they might have a second! Much less a black and gay film!
Brown the links on all sides. It is not necessary to cook the links all the way through.
President Dmitry Medvedev has dismissed Russian Navy Commander Admiral Vladimir Vysotsky and appointed Vice-Admiral Viktor Chirkov for the position, the Kremlin press office reported on Sunday, without explaining the reasons for the dismissal.
Don’t fret. I’m sceptical that I’ll make it back too but you just never know.
Most of my books are published by large and medium-sized presses. Some are small press books, and I've self-published a few niche titles and one anthology for charity. I wrote a few e-books back in the 90s and early 2000s, and I recently released one exclusively for Kindle. So, in short, I've published books in pretty much every way one can publish books. When I say I've written 19 books, I'm referring only to the ones that have been published by real publishers. In reality, I've probably written more like 26 or 27, but I don't count the others, just because I don't.
Secret grounds the absolute asymmetry of the gaze between light and black, the curvature of an incommensurable and anagogic above-within which is necessarily intangible to the Euclidean optic, as dramatized in Laruelle’s illustration of immanent heretical struggle, the way of “the radical which . . . thinks and struggles within the strict limits of the Real without
So holiday season = baking season in my home and although this isn't your typical festive Christmas cookies, I had a bunch of extra bananas sitting around that were about to go bad so I thought I would dig up an older recipe for banana bread that I absolutely love but often forget about. It is so yummy that I thought I would share. Happy Baking!!
I do owe a huge THANK YOU to a dear friend named Joyce who taught me how to use my sewing machine and how to make a dart correctly.That's back when I had more time and no money( well one out two have changed) so sewing became the only recourse for my household. Boy ole boy the things I made out of an old pair of worn out denim jeans. I learned to save anything and everything that could be re-used or re-purposed. Now do so is fashionable and "green",but back then for me, it was the only way to live.
31. The Lesssons Of UCS Part 1, 2, 3, argues that the workers of UCS showed how to fight the Cuts, and how to fight Capital. By occupying the shipyard, and continuing to work they reduced Capital to its proper role as just tools and means of production. But, they made the same mistake as French workers in 1968. They handed it back to Capital, and reestablished its dominance over them.
This time is no exception.
I got the shoes in a thrift shop this weekend for only $8! They still had the Winners price tag on them: $50.00. And to top it off, the next day I saw the same pair (different size) in my favourite consignment shop for $32! Score!
I said, “Yes baby, every time the sun shines, Michael Jackson just did the moonwalk”
Attach yarn around sc post from chickens body just below tail's end with a slip stitch.
Tucked along an Italian cobblestoned piazza in Florence, Trattoria Massacio was a small and unassuming restaurant. Inside, a dark waiter sat me at a long wooden table with paper placemats typical of the family-style, casual atmosphere of a traditional Italian eatery. With his long hair and handsome features I wanted to call the waiter Fabio, but his name was Simone. I ordered spaghetti pomodoro: a simple pasta with tomato sauce.
Telling is okay. Under certain conditions.
We are familiar with the practice and routine of enacting laws. A bill is introduced in the Legislature; it is referred to the corresponding committee, it is studied by said committee, which in some cases holds public hearings; the committee discusses the bill and sometimes introduces amendments; if the bill is not killed in the committee or shelved, it is submitted to the chamber for study, discussion and possible amendment by all the members; it is finally voted and if approved, it is sent to the other house where it undergoes the same process; and if it is finally approved by both houses of Congress, it is submitted to the Chief Executive for his study and approval or veto. All these may consume weeks or months as a result of which, ordinarily, many bills finally approved by the Congress could be sent to the President for approval or veto only after adjournment of the legislative session. And we should not overlook the fact that in some cases for lack of time of due to disagreement among the legislators or between the two houses of Congress, important pieces of legislations like the annual appropriation law for the fiscal year 1949-50, appropriation of funds for the election to be held in November, 1949, contained in Executive Orders Nos. 225 and 226, involved in the present cases, and the proposed amendment to the Election Code etc. have not been passed by Congress in its last session ending last May, 1949, which session lasted one hundred days. If we were to rely on the ordinary process of legislation to meet a national emergency, by the time the necessary and needed law is passed, the situation sought to be remedied, or the problem sought to be solved may have become disastrous or ended in calamity or gone beyond legislation or any remedy. It would be too late. It would be like locking the stable door after the horse had been stolen.
Programme Structure and Audience
"The Artist by Artist project is collaboration between ABC Open and the Queensland Arts Council where 20 Queensland based artists were challenged to produce video stories capturing the creative forces that drive their fellow artists.
Her shirt says "best christmas present ever" and she has been. I love dressing her up and this is one of my favorite outfits..I know what you are thinking..heck could you find a bigger flower? And Yes you can and YES she has them!!!
Sent: Tuesday, March 20, 2012 5:42 PM
The rest of the afternoon was devoted to Christ’s scourging and crucifixion, providing an unparalleled spectacle for the crowds who assembled to watch. According to several eyewitnesses, the death of Christ was accompanied by an earthquake of such severity that the great veil in the First Temple was split in half. Temple clergy are holding a bake sale to raise money for repairs.
"BF's vent to each other as well. That is, there are situations that we can't change, or have a game plan for, but we simply need someone to blow off steam about it. It feels better to complain about something that frustrates you, even if nothing will really happen as a result of the conversation." "It has nothing to do with fixing, changing, or giving advice."
And that he did.
The plot of the story has all the usual twists and turns. Bertie is trying to help his Aunt, her daughter and his friends at the same time and he wants to do it without taking help from Jeeves. He actually comes up with nice ideas but somehow ends up in worse situation every time. In the end when everything is going wrong, he turns to Jeeves for help who once again manages to bring the situation back to normal but extracts his price by managing to burn Bertie’s jacket that he had not liked.
It was four hours of taming a lion. He opened and closed the window over one million times, banged the tray table nonstop, and screamed at the top of his lungs. We were completely terrified by the situation. Every soul on that plane will talk about that experience for as long as they live. Naturally, Kellen was fast asleep in his stroller within one minute of getting off the plane. We quickly grabbed our luggage off the caroseul and got the hell out of there. I pray that we never see any of those people again.
The belief of conservatives is that this is the way it should be. If this were not their belief, they would fiercely support Living Wage laws, single-payer health care, and good retirement plans, all of which, ironically, would also benefit them. They do no such thing. I believe that conservative beliefs are hypocritical, and would move us in the direction of serfdom, which is something we were supposed to have overcome with the Constitution.
The White Star Line claimed after the disaster that it had never advertised that the ship was unsinkable. But documentation from the time shows that it did little to dissuade the public from thinking that it was! And White Star publicity brochures are still available from 1910 that declare about the Titanic and its sister ship Olympia, under construction at the time, “… as far as it is possible to do so, these two wonderful vessels are designed to be unsinkable.”
There is not a moment in my life when I am not in severe pain, even if I’m just sitting, reading. It even breaks through into my dreams, generating amazingly violent dreams – my brain’s attempt to make sense of the pain. It never lets up. DHC moderates it somewhat, making it tolerable. Nothing else has any effect.
I fold them again and again and again and again and again…
Immortal Death by Laurel O’Donnell
We had some lovely entrants last time for our wee Animal Challenge, just scoll down to find out the 2 lucky winners and Top 3! It could be you??
Her dislike of conservative Republicans does not end there as that was only one biased piece she ran with. Her embracing embattled RINO County Commissioner Marc Boldt, who has been sanctioned by the Clark County GOP for his frequent abandoning of conservative constituents who elected him to side with Liberal Democrat Steve Stuart against Republican Tom Mielke on the 3-man commission dates back to the announcement of another Conservative Republican she despises, successful Vancouver businessman, David Madore.
You know the answer to that question. And you know what that answer tells you about our society.
They collection many (however, not all) in the recycling and squander procedures that the insurance policies may benefit on their site, which include resource-muscle size crops, those which cope with conventional trade squander, electric squander and virtually various recycling businesses.
UPDATE on Dec 12, 2010: Helen listed books she read during 2010 that got her highest rating, and among them is Bud, Not Buddy by Christopher Paul Curtis. That reminded me that I met him at a reception held in the home of another member of the committee that brought him to Chattanooga. I even chatted with him over hors d'oeuvres. I highly recommend Bud, Not Buddy.
As to ‘482 the UK court comes to the conclusion that Qualcomm’s patent ‘482 is invalid. Had the patent been valid, Qualcomm would have established infringement by Nokia of claims 1, 2 and 9. Although essentiality did not form part of this litigation as yet, the court ruled in an obiter dictum:
I used Ravelry's feature of searching for crochet projects using this yarn, and saw many things to tempt me - amigurumi is an obvious choice. There were also many lovely shawls, wraps and scarves - many things to do crochet proud. Some folks had made their own Babette blankets using this yarn... it's an obvious consideration, since the pattern calls for so many different colors. You could conceivably crochet a Babette made of 17 different shades of blue, using this yarn! What to do, what to do...
The biggest thing for Heather, and the people she’s offended and myself to remember is that just because you can do something doesn’t mean you should.
You should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of a portfolio and the variable insurance product carefully before investing. The portfolio and variable insurance product prospectuses contain this and other information. You may obtain a copy of the prospectus from your representative. Please read the prospectuses carefully before investing.
For those of you who are professing Christans you don't even have to ask who is in charge of the jail, because your jailers have openly self-identified. I won't leave you in the lurch. The man you worship had this to say about them thousands of years ago:
Dr. Brené Brown talks about discomfort in her spiel about The Power of Vulnerability. She says vulnerability is at the core of our shame, fear, guilt, grief, and struggle for worthiness—and probably insanely bizarre fetishes, although I'm not going to say which insanely bizarre fetish so you don't think I'm picking on you, or so I'm not the first to tell you that the fetish you revel in most is insanely bizarre—no, I wouldn't even bring that up. Obviously. Ahem, so this core of vulnerability is also the birthplace of creativity, joy, belonging, happiness, hope, gratitude, and love. Think of it as, Out of a nasty, slimy oyster springs a double fudge chocolate cake.
Anyway, some highlights of the mix:
Betty looks me deep into my eyes and smiles.
Fold the piping bag down half way. Using the paint brush, paint a 1/2 inch strip of color inside the bag. Repeat for each color. Once the painting is done, spoon white icing into bag, unfold the bag, and begin piping.
So unless the American people are willing to fundamentally change the current system and get rid of the Federal Reserve, we will never be able to pay off the U.S. national debt because it is now impossible to pay it off.
The more prepared and trained you are, the better. You don't hafta be a doctor or nurse to save a life. And you never know when you might hafta put your training to the test.
He met her eyes and then, as if needing to prolong the conversation, he thanked
For the record. Fucking Ouch!
Wednesday, 5/2: Lettuce wraps filled with spicy shrimp, fruit
Alavert Save $1/1 product excluding 6ct (5/30)
and now the State of Oklahoma, since February, 08.
flesh like a
student of Choudhury, founded YTTP and offered the exact course, heated room et al, at a much lower price. Choudhary had claimed that YTTP’s initiative has not only affected it economically, but also amounts to an infringement of Bikram Yoga’s copyright over the yoga poses. The lawsuit is reportedly seeking damages in excess of $1 million, as well as an injunction stopping YTTP from offering
Step 3: Vertically cut the piece with the larger stem on each side of the stem so that you can add the good part of the kale to the top half of each leaf.
We must be careful to guard against thoughts and actions that are not what Jesus calls us to. We must be willing to look at ourselves with honesty and ask God to show us what we need to surrender so that we will be righteous in His eyes. If we do not surrender to Jesus as Lord, then we will be part of the group of people that Jesus told us about.
How can I jest about such a "serious topic"? Views on Global Warming aside, the notion that one can "offset" their "carbon footprint" by PAYING for people to plant trees is preposterous. If you actually think that ALL of your money is going to do the activities that are suggested, I have another cause for you to be interested in. Don't worry about the specifics, just send me a check made out to cash and I'll make sure the money gets to where it needs to go.
Above: Roses! We have blossoms on the rosebush out front. Spring is now in full bloom.
Chivalry is the combination of qualities expected of an ideal knight, especially courage, honor, justice, and a readiness to help the weak according to dictionary.com. The person who said chivalry is dead was obviously not in our school. Just today I have the door opened for me 6 times, and was the recipient of at least three other courteous acts. Some times I think that guys do not get enough recognition for the nice things they do; with feminism taking the world by storm there seems to be little room left for kind acts towards women.
Tocabe, the only American Indian Eatery on the Front Range, is operated by Ben Jacobs and Matt Chandra. They are open for lunch and dinner seven days a week. Tocabe is located at 3536 W 44th Ave., Denver CO, 80211 - (720)-524-8282.
‘lazy, fucking sons of bitches that sit there playing with their dicks while i bust my ass in this place! i mean, it’s hard enough to do my job without trying to pick up their slack, and here i am, with these legs of mine, trying to do my own shit! i’m not looking for any sort of pity, trust me, but goddamn…’ she snubbed her cigarette out on the table ‘…and do you think they give a shit? even a little bit?’
I hope that you like the new pieces, but please do let me know what you think (and whether you think I really ought to be locked up!) and I would also love to hear what you would have done with the wonderful contents of that pack. Don’t forget to take a look at the Beads Direct website to find lots of beautiful materials just like these!
He is survived by his 4 stepbrothers;
You’re a funny person – you should try stand-up. It’s really one of the only professions that people are encouraged to enter based on a casual encounter. Nobody makes those suggestions to people with any other daily skills. And no other profession allows – nay, showcases – the beginnings, the infancy of said profession. Would you even contemplate a dinner out at a restaurant that boosted an amateur chef night? It really is a baptism by fire thing – if you decide to do this comedy thing. You’re jumping in with both feet and maybe you land, maybe you don’t.
One of the funniest parts of the movie is a bit subtle and must have been an intentional mistake for the sake of humor. The cypher machine is a “new” model, but Bond responds to the information by mentioning that they have been trying to get it for years. From the brief view of the machine in the film, it appeared to me to be a commercial version of the Model 32 Easy-Cypher Teletype Unit.
Nicky Nixon never naysaid nihilists, negatively nice to nugatory necrophiles. Nicky nudged necessary newspapers, naphthalene nectarines, and nylon nooses. Needing nookie, Nicky neighed at nearby neighbors, narcissistically napping and nipping at the nitrogen-nibbled night.
“No pee pee in the bathtub.” Yes, son. You are the pee-er and there won’t be any in there if YOU don’t wee wee in it.
4. It might be a plus if they’d had some experience running a business, and knew something about promotion, marketing and sales.
This is what makes digital/social marketing so attractive. It is relatively cheap, the production costs are ridiculously low and you can actually track how many times your ad is shown. (Quick caveat – “shown” does not mean “seen”. An on-line ad that has one million impressions could be one million people seeing it once or one person seeing it a million times.) And, this does not take into account the coolness factor of digital/social advertising.
Why orange chiffon? I read about making Mandarin puree at The Sweet Spot some months back. My first thought is to try making the puree during the Lunar New Year period since there will be plenty of Mandarin oranges then. But, it slipped my mind totally. Only just recently, Hubby told me NTUC has brought in a new type of Mandarin oranges from Taiwan (not the ponkan). These oranges are very sweet and juicy. It's the perfect timing for making my Mandarin puree ......
Next post will be an update on new capability in the Freehand Drawing Library.
Prepare to have your eyes… stimulized. (I know that’s not a word but it sounds good doesn’t it?)
Hey guys!!! I hope y’all had a fantastic Easter celebration, because I did. Although this week’s post is coming a little later than usual, I’m going to be doing something special this week and I hope y’all will contribute!!
New Post Requires a New Layout – Theme Thingy…
Now, coming to the recipe, chicken tikka is something that needs no introduction. Mildly spiced boneless chicken cubes cooked on a charcoal grill is a crowd pleasing appetizer and is very popular in countries all over the world. It has gained much popularity over time. The tikka is traditionally made in a hot clay based oven called Tandoor. But at home, it can easily made in a very hot oven. I usually set my oven to
Once they announced that 1st class passengers could board, we went on! We found our seats and got comfy and started to drink! We weren't necessarily trying to get drunk, just taking the edge off! We both started with a bloody mary (which was mostly vodka). Once we were in the air we both got a Mojito, which was even stronger than the 1st drink. Mr. 2SB had one more drink after lunch (I had a greek chicken salad and he had a rueben sandwhich). He took a nap and I started watching Bride Wars.
I’m worried that too much austerity is driving the eurozone into a negative growth spiral and this is the biggest danger. If you have no growth, you can’t reduce your debt. Low interest rates are not sufficiently offsetting the fiscal tightening. But there are signs of hope. Ireland is doing a great job and is still growing. Spain’s exports are doing well and its competitiveness and productivity is very good compared with Germany. One of the reasons for such high unemployment is because its productivity is so good. But Spain’s problem is the housing market and how the rising number of dodgy loans has weakened the banking sector. France is a mess, resolute in the belief that it is different to all other countries and that its big, statist economy can continue to perform without undergoing reform.
This article I loved. It's a hymn of praise to the mysteries of Guinness. Probably hard to comprehend for someone who's only encountered Guinness in its current insipid form. Guinness was popular for a reason: it was a damn good beer that couldn't be replicated by English brewers. It was the flavour and quality of Guinness that brought it fame and fortune.
And then your pole competition comes and it was marvelous and terrifying and before you know it, it was over. I didn't place, but I didn't expect to. I was more honored by the fact that I made it to the finals, I had a LOT of fun, and I've got lots to learn/work on for my next competition, whenever, or wherever that may be ;-)
On appeal to the Supreme Court, the question presented was "whether the legal standard for the state of mind element of a claim for actively inducing infringement under 35 U.S.C. § 271(b) is 'deliberate indifference of a known risk' that an infringement may occur, as the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit held, or 'purposeful, culpable expression and conduct' to encourage an infringement."
Today is twenty-four years since I defended my PhD. Not quite a quarter of a century, but close enough.
Reading: next on TBR
There are many of us within Airdrie and Shotts who know the challenges brought by the global economic downturn. These challenges have not been helped by Labour led North Lanarkshire Council whose actions have been obstacles rather than catalysts for growth.
Bill Traylor was born a slave. He was property, no different in the eyes of his owners than a horse or a plow. Slave owners didn’t always keep records of their human property, so dates of the events of Bill’s life varied from source to source.
Tomorrow you'll make your way to the Windmill bar in Brixton, where he'll be playing his last London gig for a long, long time. It'll be a great night, a proper send-off in a crowded bar; the sort of occasion you'd have tried to avoid before you knew him. In a few days he'll be getting on a plane to Canada. You want him to go, you want them to be together, but you also know how much he'll be missed. You sense it will be a while til anyone in your household wakes up singing their own version of Happy Song with anything like conviction.
our desk tops are entirely cleared of clutter except for a couple jars of #2 pencils and colored pencils.
When we passed San Gil, a massive grey cloud floated above us and it suddenly broke into a thunder and lightning storm with rain so heavy it was difficult to see a few feet ahead on the road, not to mention we were literally up in the clouds so there was already a layer of mist across the winding mountain path.
Flash forward a few years and we're still together. It's 2001. We're at Reading Festival and the band is playing as headliners on the Friday. Everyone is wearing those khaki beige floppy hats with a plastic beer cup in their hand. The late afternoon sun is shining in August and Flowers in the Window is playing and everyone sways their hands back and forth and sings along. Everyone is smiling. My best friends from school are there - a big group of us. By Sunday this crowd will have fled or put on black make-up and morphed, the sun will have faded and the darkness will have crept in...goodbye lazy summer afternoon, hello hot, black, twisted summer nights...Marilyn Manson is on his way...
It felt wonderful to stamp and I thoroughly enjoyed the quiet house....happy sigh.... Not that the kids and I didn't have a fun Spring Break together because we did, but this introvert starts to twitch after two weeks of 24/7 company LOL!
On children’s education many parents are investing in RESP’s. If they are saving $2000 per year and death occurs after 3 years, the plan has $6000 of value plus growth. Savings plans are not self- completing, life insurance will always guarantee the money will be there even if you are not.
#1 ALICA , with her gorgeous vase full of flowers card. Please e-mail Audrey at danmoose@aol.com for your prize and winner's badge:) Yes, we now have a WINNER'S BADGE, so if you have won in the past and would like one, please e-mail me. Thanks.
Have a good week end,
SH: But it's not right!
spirit of the band. Whether this is a good thing is as of yet indeterminable, since the
But the taunting is as inescapable as it is relentless.
But this is all a scam. Just like Easter and Christmas has been stolen, so has this day:
Of course, I couldn’t deny that a big part of her attitude was me and the fact that I was here.
Seasoning with some salt and freshly ground black pepper, I then
No need to try and walk in them, or figure out how to pay for them - just look at the pretty pictures!
Can there be any doubt that, in the view of the United States government, children are a tremendous financial drain? The effect of a report like this is to discourage young couples from embarking on the adventure of parenthood.
If you haven’t read ‘The Thief’, I’m certainly not going to spoil the surprises for you, but the writing is a joy, the characterisation is wonderful, and story is breathtaking. Because of his boast “I can steal anything”, Gen is employed as a tool by the King’s Magus, to penetrate the site where an ancient treasure, Hamiathes Gift, is said to lie. But the dangers are great. Here’s the moment when Gen sees the place for the first time – hidden behind a waterfall:
My friend taught me that the embarrassment of landing in a situation you should have “known better” to avoid could cost you your life. because you might not reach out, you might let it go too far, you might decide and reach for help, but it might not be in time. Know the signs and do not be afraid to ask the question “Are you being abused?” There is a real stigma about minding your own business. If you suspect someone is being abused in anyway; It is your business. Say something, they will get mad, they will also get over it. If you are wrong they will understand and appreciate your concern, or not. If you are right and say nothing you will never forgive yourself for remaining silent.
I am looking foward to learning the ropes!
Be the way, in case you miss seeing the flower card made with Washi Tape, please scroll down to the previous post or click here. Have you tried stamping on Washi tape? It is so easy! This card will come in handy at the end of the school year. I think any of my kids' teacher/prof deserves a card like this!
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to perceive myself as if I am losing myself
Before I close this post, this is what I wrote in my journal at this point in the trip. I am saddened that eventually we will be leaving these shores. This entry marks the halfway point of our trip and I find myself not wanting to leave. The people are so warm and friendly and if there were a way for us to stay today and not return to the states I would jump at it immediately. Sherri, who was skeptical before our arrival, has allowed that maybe living in Ireland wouldn’t be so bad. She is definitely feeling at home and hopefully this is just the first of many trips to our ancestral homeland before we retire here.
know that the way to so shine is to
p223-4 “Although each isolated panel seemed posed and angular, the characters were filled with life and charged with meaning. They interacted with us: made us laugh, cry, feel afraid, anxious, or excited. they were living characters, and their reality was pulp and ink. What real world was this paper slice of the living DC universe? A 2-D universe, hidden in plain sight, growing and breathing in a strange symbiotic relationship with its audience in the “nonfictional” world above it.
CRUUUUUNCH!
Author: Amy A. Bartol
I went to Cleveland this weekend to see my best friend from college and attend her baby shower.
Your handshake makes a critical first impression. Your dad probably taught you how to shake hands and his lesson was more important than you know. Make it firm — not body-builder-aggressive and certainly not feeble like a dead fish. Also, be sure your hand is dry, so if you’re perspiring, wipe it off before you meet your interviewer.
V.A. - Not that Kind (The 31st BoBW jazz funk compilation)
This picture makes the shirt look brown from the lighting, I was kind of in a hurry but the shirt is in fact black. Now he'll have a little shirt that announces his special day and goes with our party theme. Thanks so much for stopping in today!!
Oh and I went to see the Percy Jackson movie, which was AWESOME! You should go and see it, it was well worth the wait. Which, for me was a very long time. Maybe two years, anyhow, despite being a bit different to the book it was still fantatsic.
“Good luck my son…”
I’ve got to believe that every thing does happen for a reason.
This was an interesting book to review. I received it from Ever After PR, it’s tells various stories about actors, actresses and everyone in the movie industry. Some of the stories were quiet funny, some made you wonder about the other side of Hollywood. I even found myself looking for old Grucho Marx movies to watch to see what the actors were like in their roles. I enjoyed reading about it. Definitely a glipse into Hollywood that not everyone sees I would recommend this to those who love watching movies and learning about Hollywood.
As I sit here typing this post, I can think of many times when I’ve had to harness about 20 seconds of insane courage to get me from one moment into the next, whether it was to propel myself into the next phase, a more challenging project, out of a bad situation and into a better one, into the courtroom to assist with my first jury trial in a state of utter cluelessness or up in the front of a classroom (with my knees knocking) to give a speech. Yep, 20 seconds of insane courage is about all it takes to charge through the gate of self-doubt and personal worry and into something great. 20 seconds.
"Bourbon."
There are a few silkened tour jackets which were all the rage in the seventies; PJ Harvey has donated a dress worn on stage that hangs beside a pair of what look suspiciously like Edge’s flared and sequined trousers worn on… now, which tour would that have been? Would it have involved a Lemon I wonder?
7. Eat at least one meal together a day as a family, around a table with no TV, radio or phone on. Have children prepare food with you as much as possible. Even better have a family vegetable garden.
with women’s human rights groups in Africa
Have a blessed day!
Your novels tend to focus on challenges facing women over forty – women who have teenage children, established careers, and mature relationships. Was this a deliberate choice to balance out the many books aimed at and about women just entering adulthood?
Stir the sparkling water into the batter in small amounts until you have the consistency of thick cream.
Police Roxanne UK
I found I did get creasing each time I used the shadows, but given the humidity and my insane sweatiness lately, that's happening with most eye looks I do, regardless of the products used.
Wentworth.
Being such a great paper crafting holiday, lots of blogs and paper companies are having challenges so I'm going to try and get a few out there in the next two days, sorry in advance for the extra posts!
Cristiano has definitely won over the Bernabéu. The fans sang his name at various points during the game, including before he took the penalty (during the game), after scoring his goals, after sprinting and even after he missed the penalty in the shootout. The Bernabéu also sang Iker’s name at the end of the overtime, and right before each of the Bayern Munich players took their penalty kicks.
14th April- The Vortex, Siegen, Germany (with Stubb)
Known as Vishu Kani, this plate full of auspicious things is the first thing that the families see on the day of Vishu, marking a beautiful start to the year. I personally think it is a lovely custom – to start the new year by seeing something beautiful first thing in the morning.
5. Prepare Your Technology
Because Acculaw does not provide legal services itself, and has no reputation to protect, it does not have to worry about the PR implications of paying its trainees roughly half the salary of their peers at top firms. Nor does it lose any kudos by making no contribution at all towards its recruits’ law school fees. And, unlike law firms, Acculaw is under no pressure to provide a secure path into a permanent position once recruits have completed their training contracts
It is NO secret that I am not a chef. I do enjoy the occasional cookie-baking session in the kitchen with my kiddos, but that's about it.
Here's MOTHER and ME...
They were the words I was looking for. It was something I needed to hear.
And the dead tree gives no shelter, the cricket no relief,
The sad part is, why not before? Why let it get this far? Why allow Gingrich to scrape and claw at Romney in the death of a thousand cuts?
The worker is the creator of the service or product which is offered in the market. But in the process and end of the day, it reduces the human activity into mere automation and machination. Communism offers this grim reality into our world for the past hundreds of years and gradually some in the middle class feel the heat as their comfort zones are now in the brink of collapse when these few powerful financial institutions tightly grip the flow of money in the market.
When dry, wrap the cilantro loosely in a new paper towel and place in crisper. Make sure the cilantro never gets squished by neighboring foods.
Currency moves influence the costs of investing outside Canada and the returns generated by international investments in Canadian dollar terms. On the positive side, U.S. investment purchasing power for Canadians is much greater than 10 years ago. However, there’s a domestic investment consideration as well—how currency fluctuations help or hurt domestic businesses and their bottom line. Global investment managers such as I.G. Investment Management often analyze currencies and their impact at the operating levels of companies as part of the investment evaluation process.
Probably the most valid reason to avoid staircases altogether, though, has to come from my boyfriend. Danny was a mischievous child who delighted in tormenting his older sisters. As a young boy, he played on his staircase many an afternoon. Somewhere in his twisted child-mind, he devised a terrible plan that needed only three accomplices (willing or not): his sister’s doll, a jump rope, and his staircase of doom.
At our church, both formally and informally, we try to keep each other accountable for meeting with God in his word on a daily basis. The reasons I hear most (from others and myself) for why time was not given to God on any given day have to do with being too busy. Each time I hear this, I am reminded of something my friend Justin Childers (check out his blog: http://justinchilders.blogspot.com/) said once. In college, he was teaching on Scripture memory at the Baptist Student Ministry one Thursday night and said, “If you are too busy to memorize Scripture, then you are far busier than God ever intended you to be.” These words have stuck with me over the years and I hope they will stick with you as well. Whether it’s Scripture memory, Bible study, or prayer, our time with God should be the highest priority in our day! Instead of planning our time with God around our other responsibilities we should be planning our other responsibilities around our time with God. And if there’s simply not enough time in the day to do that, then there are things in our day that we need to cut out for our Savior and King. Church, Jesus is worth us creating an impenetrable block of time that is dedicated to him each day. Remember, it is the one who delights in God’s word and meditates on it day and night who will be blessed in this life (Psalm 1:2-3). I’m sure your week is full of good things that are helpful and beneficial, but let us not allow good things to keep us from the best thing!
“And when Simon saw that through laying on of the apostles’ hands the Holy Ghost was given, he offered them money.”
hands still smelling of rubber &
If only for educational purposes, you need to find a bottle of this - and drink it.
From the repetition of salutes,
"So 60 years old and he still runs?
For example i was in the fruit and veg aisle, id just walked past the cucumbers (long) and Apples (firm) and just then i heard an old woman say 'i love melons'.....i thought the same ;).
Yet it's the presence of Logan Richardson that makes the album essential for listeners not already heavily invested in Kansas City's scene. The brilliant saxophonist appears on five of The Ship's nine tracks. Richardson's innovative soloing on "Ease Back" is the sort of next-level stuff that fans of adventurous jazz dream about. Rather than merely admiring Richardson's improvisations, Herman acts as an electric Charlie Haden to Richardson's stunning Ornette Coleman.
And one thing that has been fun is trying to match people's real names on their emails with their blogger personna. I've done pretty good, but who is Justin the Cubs fan who sent me Ms Hope?
12. Charlize Theron, actress and Academy Award winner (1975 - )
Ribbon, Dimensional foam, Corner rounder
“You would never come visit. Why would I care anyway? I’m not going to be aware that you’re visiting. I’ll be dead honey. I don’t want to take up space.”
I pleasure myself in your fragrance wishing you still laid with me. The warmth you left pushed me to rapture. I screamed your name as the wave crashed on the spot you laid upon seemingly moments before.
“There’s still time to back out,” I thought to myself, as my toes hesitantly peaked over the tiny wooden plank perched 43 meters (142 feet) above the Kawarau River in Queenstown, New Zealand. As my pulse quickened and the knots of dread in my stomach tightened, I reassured myself that this was merely a right of passage done by men and women, young and old, and with one simple dive into the canyon’s abyss, I too would join their ranks.
Shift to a small, smothered voice: I just wish I hadn’t had to do so much of it all by myself.
s.l
The first panel of the day was on the subject of current British comics and included Strip Magazine and downthetubes editor John Freeman who, needless to say, had already been into the dealers' room for a chat.
So who can come in to replace Fletcher?
However, there is no current consensus on what neurocognitive differences underlie observable autistic atypicalities and therefore fundamentally define what makes a person autistic rather than nonautistic. At this fundamental level (what autism is), there is currently no consensual way to judge who is “more autistic” or “less autistic” (which would be construed as “more severely autistic” and “less severely autistic”) or whether this would be good, bad or irrelevant.
As a result of this, all the Stave Churches in Norway are now under constant video-surveillance.
Only our 3-5th grade students take the test. However I'll be helping administer it since I have a student teacher. Our whole school really emphasizes the test and even our K-2 kids get to participate in a half day of water activities after it's all over for having good attendance during testing.
Once the banks and bondholders accept a 50%–75% writedown in Greek debt, then the other debtor nations will be justified in demanding the same writedown in their crushing debts. This dynamic leads to estimates that 3 trillion euros will be needed to bail all the players out. Alternatively, total losses will equal 3 trillion euros, wiping out banks and bondholders of sovereign debt.
Dear Jesus, Thank You for all the graces You bestowed upon Saint Thomas More and upon all Your Angels and Saints. Amen!
Uneasy, Beth sniffled a stopped laugh, “Do… do you mind if… I sit down?”
Posting will be lighter then usual for a couple of days more, I'm afraid. My apologies.
The other campaign is from Bombardier's rival, Greene King. Disliked by many readers of this blog and diehard ale drinkers in general, scorned for bland beers and nicknamed 'Greed King' for their sometimes voracious business practices, booed when they were runner-up Champion Beer of Britain a few years ago, they can sometimes come across as difficult to love, and have clearly been doing a bit of soul searching.
Yeah, so it was the college Christmas party last night and I didn’t have a chance to write anything. (I spent most of my time freezing, actually. Used up all my long-sleeved shirts for teaching practice. Oops!)
"He's a bastard Moon, I'm sorry".
Biking is the first alternative that usually jumps into people’s minds. So, it seems fitting that the first post should be covering the topic of bicycling. Bicycling is often the easiest and probably the most common alternative to hopping in the car for a car trip. But honestly, it isn’t common at all on the whole. My goal is to try to make it more common. Even if it’s just a handful of people. Because those people might tell 10 of their friends, and if 3 of them decide to start biking more, they might tell 10 of their friends and eventually a significant change has occurred.
The Brethren were a group of corrupted monks in Scotland. They could be recognized by their bald heads and orange robes.
Do you have a bus?
Genre: Jazz, Vocal Jazz
Disrepair in anxiety
And speaking of boy (s), I dragged them along with me to the grocery store to pick-up a few things:
so, whaddImiss?
More soon--with photos! XO
But these five kings had fled and hidden themselves in a cave at Makkedah. And it was told Joshua, saying, “The five kings have been found hidden in the cave at Makkedah.”
(d) action by D&P to eliminate or invalidate Group’s Charge.
The first step to creating support for yourself is a small one that has big payoffs. Implement a small step at a time. You’ll amazed at how doing things things every day will make you feel better, more confident and more in control. And don’t forget to teach them to your children too.
I love Jenn's WIATs and it has nothing to do with the food.
A: Two. One to change it, and another to blame the state for its lack of support.
I knew that my panels were going to be about window sill length as one bed is against the wall in front of one window and floor length would not work. So I overestimated the length of each panel to be about 60". With the larger window I knew I was going to need two wide panels (the fabric was 54" wide), so that put me at 120" of fabric needed. With the smaller window, I thought I could get away with cutting it in half to 27" wide per panel, so that put me at 180" of fabric, or 5 yards. I ordered 6 yards to be on the safe side- you should always allow yourself a cushion when it comes to fabric yardage!
“Whatever. I just need you to help me out.”
Since that talk, this idea of leadership finesse has haunted the leader within. If leadership is really more about finesse or how we execute, then how does someone interested in growing leaders communicate that? The execution of principles comes in the form of a slight shift of wording or an empowering expression that compels people toward positive action. It’s more than learning a formula, even a proven one.
ME: (quietly) I was in the wrong room.
Karen: I've had a weird love for Medusa ever since I was a little kid and watched the original Clash of the Titans upmteen times. I already knew her story, but I played off of it and gave it my own twist. All the other mythology in my story revolved around how I imagined things could have been if Medusa and Poseidon were in love and ruling their own world.
Perhaps the fitness I’ve developed over the past weeks helped me. But the uphill sections I anticipated with dread were a breeze.
Growing Up in Ireland followed nearly 20,000 children from nine months to 13 years.The study warned that ignoring weight gain in children can and often will lead to a higher risk of stoke,diabetes, heart disease.
we've been back home for almost two weeks, the post holiday radiance has all but ebbed away and the dreaded back in Blighty blues has come knocking.
Spend $10 on Participating Nivea Products get $3 ECB (limit 1) Deal Scenario: Buy (4) Nivea lip care products 2/$5 Use (2) $3/2 in 2/12 RP or $1/1 Printable CouponsFinal Price: as low as 25¢ each
Maida: 140 gms
To the remaining two-thirds, add the melted choco-chips and coffee brew. Mix together till you get a creamy texture. This is the filling.
I find that slightly irritating and condescending. Not to mention sexist.
And because he was as reasonable as all small children, he immediately adapting by answering the question and choosing between the options I presented.
In The Calling, the sizzling second book in the Darkness Rising trilogy, New York Times bestselling author Kelley Armstrong pumps up the romance, danger, and suspense that left readers of The Gathering clamoring for more.
2. The EC must clarify the main reason behind the sudden increase in voters at Bandar Tun Razak, Sri Serdang and any other areas with similar situation.
Beside me is my friend
Muslims claim Islam is the religion of peace, yet they kill at the drop of a hat. If someone, especially another Muslim, says or writes things in opposition to Islam, an order to assassinate that individual goes out to all Muslims. Christians tolerate those who choose to badmouth the Christian faith and pray for them. They don’t seek to murder them.
Hackett made these recordings for the small Commodore label, which came out of New York's Commodore Music Shop. Although not indicated as such on this 1950s reissue, the 1938 recordings were actually issued under the name of guitarist Eddie Condon.
According to her feedback, I did pretty well. She was from the Philippines, and hadn’t been there in 20 years. She said that her family was always begging her to come and visit, but that she hadn’t wanted to do it. It was a big family and she didn’t know a lot of the members.
Prepare farro per instructions on the packaging. Cool, and toss in chopped cucumber, mozzarella, olives, and red onion. Dress salad with olive oil, lemon juice and salt + pepper to taste. Toss dressed salad with fresh parsley leaves. Enjoy !
Her daughter, Serena, was her right-hand-lady, working on web development and support for WUFC in Margaret's fight for families affected by this disease.
7:00 am- last minute check to make sure I packed the kid’s current sporting practice gear, backpacks, lunches (which J and Sassafras are responsible for packing themselves), and J’s fully stocked toddler bag.
the delivery boy. I didn’t want you to go to the mountains ,I had a bad
She wrinkles her nose and says, “Look at your garden, weeds choking my poor seedlings. And don’t even mention the hedges! A disgrace to even call them by that name.”
All Beers on tap at 5pm, except 75min Firkin will be tapped at 6pm.
Watched Satyamev Jayate this sunday on DD.Kept an alarm at 10.50am so that i don’t miss the show.Little i know that the show opens my eyes into female feticide in India, about the sting operations conducted by two journalist in Rajasthan and other things which is not known to me.
F: Yeah, he mentioned it.
-Shower and tidy bathroom while in there
update....
She woke up and announced, "I am ready to go to the doctor today...but I am NOT getting a shot".
Oh says James to Red Molly "Here's a ring for your right hand
Rubber duckie I'm awfully fond of you!
As Tae Yong falls down, his cousin YONG TAE MOO (Lee Tae Sung) shows up and helps him. Park Ha apologizes to them and Tae Moo points Park Ha back to the kids who are stealing MORE apples.
Runny Yoke Skirt
The republican leadership doesn't like the demands of the Tea Partiers. Our message (I'm an unapologetic Tea Partier) is simple: quit spending; reduce the size of the govt by vast numbers; repeal Obamacare; repeal Obamacare; repeal Obamacare; and drill, baby drill right now and everywhere there's oil and gas.
GRANT
Ear protectors (make 2):
Only compliments were given on this cake, it was not heavy with richness just chocolate fruit and cream... and since I loved it how could anyone say that they were anything but!
before one of them came to be (Psalm 139:16 NIV).
-Be sure to note where you want folks to follow (there is a 100 character limit)
When not drinking beer, you will find me with my head in a bag of freshly ground inhaling deeply the gorgeously rich coffee aromas.
Anyway, Beverley was pleased with her Other Award for Journey to Jo'burg, which came before her Carnegie Medal. I was an Other Award judge and was pleased to have it name-checked. (Rosemary Sutcliff always mentioned her Other Award for Song for a Dark queen alongside her Carnegie).
Late nights, over the phone, you told stories,
eating, here despite
7) red karashi peppers (the small, very hot ones)
PA TV, January 12, 2010
Neither of them are good in the morning.
Everyone by now is aware of the chaotic preparations the GB team had. The team joined up for 2 days training and flew out to Slovenia the day before playing the hosts in the opening game. That opening game was played without head coach, Tony Hand as he was playing and coaching his league side in the playoff final. Meanwhile it was all quiet at Ice Hockey UK who offered no information on games and did not send a commentary team to cover the games via the internet despite over 12,000 listeners to a game at last years championships. This left fans scrambling around to find streams and follow the game via the IIHF app.
Red chilli powder ... 1/4 tsp (add if you like it spicy)
She found a kitchen appliance show room in Coral Gables that has the most amazing working kitchen in the show room. She rents it out for her functions. Her former customers love her cooking and follow her. Dinner was seriously yummy. I skipped the wine since I was there to work and pour all 5 different wines.
Going back there today was like visiting an old friend. As I followed the boys along the trail, I wondered when I would feel comfortable letting them spend hours up there on their own. I couldn't formulate a response, even in my own head.
According to Wikipedia, the song was inspired by their deteriorating relationship with Factory owner Tony Wilson. Drama begets pop music.
We stopped with Peter, Ari, and Joe for a bit when we found a bench on the trail. From there, we had not long to meander to the Pioneer Mail Campground. Right before getting there, the wind whipped out and cooled us off as we went the last mile. Not too shabby for taking a five-hour break in “town” (downtown consisted of three buildings, but super awesome people), seven miles before, ten after. Drop Zone had taken a spill, rolling his ankle badly, swelling up to the size of a baseball. He got some happy pills that night to keep him distracted; good thing he’s a Canadian paramedic.
This is a post regarding the recent (well, technically not so recent) Papertrey Ink customer service drama. I've kept quiet till now because initially, I thought people were just being immature and I didn't want to be involved, but over the past few months, even I've been bugged with all the things that have happened. Donna's recent post on her blog (go have a read, I actually think it's quite well written) brought my writing muse out today. I just wanted to add in my 2 cents that I didn't really bother to post on the forums.
When Wonder Woman defeats a group of invaders from Saturn, she takes them to “Transformation Island” where they must wear “Venus girdles.”
Also, the HDL being SO high is really awesome. It means my liver and gallbladder are processing fats really well. And having a healthy liver (and processing fats properly!) is super-important in my world.
k-9 Winter - Flying Dog
Thank you for the compliments on the shoes! They are the newest model of Mizuno’s Wave Inspire line, and of course they are extra special to me :)
Another popular track is the north dakota wine restaurant and breeding grounds for greater than 293 species of prairie birds. Many people also delight in seeing some native animals and spending a little adventure or some great photo opportunities? There are events like Norsk Hostfest, Earth Day at the north dakota wine restaurant to get there remember you did not only sustainable but profitable for the north dakota wine restaurant, Wildest Costume and Outstanding Team Spirit. A warming house will be increased if you do not have double fun by having a cruise in Lewis and Clark Riverboat. This boat has a continental climate with hot summers and cold winters. The people in North Dakota. Now open seven days a week and 24 hours per day, the Skydancer Casino also offers high stakes slots starting at $10 a turn. Blackjack tables are also many outfitters located in these areas to see many birds and enjoy the north dakota wine restaurant and the north dakota wine restaurant of February. The North Dakota singles.
The exhibition is not intended as a didactic argument lodged in the field of animal studies, but is more of a messy thesis, one which is not hemmed in by the strictures of its own conceits, modestly seeking instead to comprehend something like an animal aesthetic. In keeping with its categorical blurriness or blurry categorizations (classroom as animal, exhibition as menagerie, education in/of the field), the show includes art and artists from beyond the territorial boundaries of the seminar that expand the definition of animality.
Avengers assemble!
There's an image of Ruth Reichl's Remembrance of Things Paris over in the sidebar of this page marked "What I'm Reading" But that's a lie. I'm not reading anything now. Maybe it's the craziness of moving or a yen to watch movies but for whatever reason, I don't have a lot of patience for reading at the moment. And maybe I've just had it with books about Paris. So to be honest, I haven't read every piece in this anthology of articles about culinary Paris originally published in Gourmet from the 1940s to the present. Some read like ancient history, describing a Paris that is no more real to me than a page in a dusty book. Others delve deeply into technique and dish out recipes with a daunting number of steps. And then there are some more contemporary memoirs, some sweet, some funny that touched just the right note. In particular, I enjoyed "An Insincere Cassoulet," by Michael Lewis, a piece I had originally read in the magazine back in 2001. I mean, who could resist these words?
more who strike a match and
**Yes, I know that sounds crazy as hell. LOL**
(1) could be found with the help of a public web search engine by using one or more keywords all related to the essence of the content of that document and
I am sure so many of us have heard about going green. In one way or another the world wants us to do our part in this initiative. I think its a great concept, the only issue is helping people understand how to do it practically. If you don’t show how it saves money, or time people just won’t change. Oh of course there is always that event that happens that makes everyone change, but I would rather do it the easy way. Being part of a company that was about green initiatives for while taught me a lot, it taught me that basically , going green saves a whole lot of money. It may cost more on the initial start of it at times but over time you save a ton of money.
I quickly learn that there is a whole different language when it comes to buying an engagement ring. You’ve got four Cs to be aware of: clarity, color, cut and carat.
160. In his early appearance on EXO teaser, netizens much praised his charism.
yesterday, it started with me yelling at the tv news anchor to SHUT UP! and degenerated from there to me just barely being civil to anyone. i have absolutely no patience or tolerance right now. maybe, it started with the saints losing and football sunday turning into a mass of bad behavior by too many coaches and a few players across the league. who knows? i don't.
4. Falsies Flared: This is my favorite drugstore mascara, but it has to be the "Flared" version. Adds length and volume to my poor nubbin lashes. It also doesn't make my lashes fall out, which cheap mascara is wont to do.
Dr. Herzing of the WDP told the HPost that “Glorifying human sexual interactions with other species is INAPPROPRIATE for the health and well being of any animal. It puts the dolphin’s own health and social behavior settings at risk.” Well HERR DOCTOR it is also INAPPROPRIATE for the health and well being of the STUPID HUMAN INVOLVED!! This is nothing short of SICK PSYCHOSIS! We used to put people away that did these like this! What in the hell is anywhere near NORMAL about having SEX WITH AN ANIMAL?!
_____I suspect that I only really have 6 facebook friends with 100 accounts each..
Coos County Oregon – registered voters 92; ballots cast 61; turnout 66.30%!!!
F- If an actor is “attacked” with that state, it will never be effective. (0%)
1. Lightly toast the waffles in the oven.
Tis the season for cookies. Like last year, we're doing the twelve days of Christmas cookies.
834 D-Spring/1982. “On the Bluffs of Ellison Bay.” Statement on Sid Telfer, Jr., The Jens Jensen I Knew (Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin: Door Reminder, 1982).
Price: $4.89 each
immediately left him and went for
Those who consume least, are the most disposable.
Clay's going to kindergarten this year hooray! His poor teacher. As far as Brooklyn goes, I think the Little Einsteins, Phineas & Ferb, Elmo, and the Backyardigans will be entertaining her while Clay's gone.
Greece has rarely been governed by a working coalition. The norm in Greek politics in its modern era has been single rule and no room for coalition governments. And two families have run things: conservative New Democracy and liberal PASOK for the past four decades.
½ t. turmeric
It was my mother's eighty-eighth birthday on Friday. Much to my mother's fury, Adolf Hitler's birthday was the same date, April 20th.
