As a bookseller, I see new books every day. One day a month I sit in a room from eight thirty in the morning until five in the afternoon looking at hundreds of upcoming new releases. So you can see how the shine of new books quickly wears off - after all, there are only so many books about ducks a person can stand.
So, my question for you is, what are you afraid of? What is it in your life that is robbing you of your joy. What is robbing you of peace? What is it that is keeping you from becoming the person God created you to be?
so much. mostly about everything i need to do in the next week to meet a deadline. in the next month before isaac turns one. all the things i want to do this summer, hoping it does not quickly pass me by like many other summers have.
As the years went on, it became harder and harder to monitor what my children read. At the library, just because something was categorized for the young reader, it didn’t mean it was something I deemed appropriate. Even I had a hard time finding something to read that would not crowd my mind with unnecessary garbage. I looked for authors who had built their reputations on writing with a purpose. If I am going to spend my minimal free time reading, I want the book I read, fiction or non, to leave me with something I can apply to my life to make it better – to leave me with a sense of accomplishment, of victory. My children learned to discern whether or not certain books/authors were worth their time just by watching me and the choices I made.
So usually the coffin is made with six sides and made out of steel, wood and possibly fiberglass. Some religions, coffins are to be plain, no ornaments no metal parts no nails, just wooden pegs, and must be made out of wood. While others are all about "Pimp my coffin." Some even are sealed shut with gaskets, that is if they are going to be above ground like in a mausoleum, for public safety. Some manufacturers offer a warranty on the structural integrity of the coffin. Really? How the hell are you going to know, if the coffin is six feet down, that it is still in good structural standing? Maybe it's just for those coffins that are above ground, because, coming from an extended warranty company, I do not see how one could warranty underground coffins.
If you are strapped for cash and cannot afford the newest book by your favorite author, or want to see a movie, or even want to play a board game, your library may have the solution. Libraries now offer such an array of services and using those services has never been easier.
“Cluck…. cluck… cluck…” the chicken said in between pecks at the latches on Bantum’s leather vest.
Being able to customize your courses and overall industrial training solutions increases safety, regulates control, and helps facilitate your hiring process. New employees are able to learn about actual equipment in your plant and the nuances of your programming. Older employees who may be nearing retirement can impart some of their irreplaceable knowledge before they leave, which can be used to train workers for years to come.
As already stated, the majority holds that Act No. 671 ceased to have force and effect on May 25, 1946. The other view is that it is still in force. To me this is the main and the more important issue involved in these cases. In fact the argument of the parties centered on this point. The importance of this issue may readily be appreciated when it is realized that on its determination is based, not only the validity or nullity (according to the theory of the majority opinion), of the four Executive Orders now under consideration, but also of all the Executive Orders promulgated under authority of Commonwealth Act No. 671 after May 25, 1946, up to the present time. Its determination will also decide whether or not the President may still exercise his emergency powers in the future on matters and subjects not heretofore withdrawn by the Legislature. Because of my disagreement with the majority on this point, I deem it necessary to explain and elaborate on my reasons for my disagreement.
Why do you constantly struggle, while others are successful? Why does it seem like they are getting referrals and business, while you struggle to make ends meet?
I've come to realise that I have a fear of fear so If I take that fear away there will be nothing to fear
Any monster fan who hasn't checked out my friend Adam's blog Goodnight Whatever You Are will find a shittonne of great stuff there, including some great pre-made monster comps to download (but listen to mine first, dammit!).
Oh that’s right, I haven’t made that analogy yet! Say someone is musically gifted. They might not discover it without an instrument upon which to play. Voices count (if people can sing, though not all musicians can.)
In his notoriously goofy style, the 14th Dalai Lama delivered a string of seemingly unrelated ideas including the family origins of Anxiety, the possibility of religious unity, secular ethics, compassion and simplicity, true richness and equality, masks, and even objectification of our fellow human beings. Many of these ideas are not new in the world, but to hear them all put together in one speech, delivered in less than two hours—that is something novel.
Friday, we’d take a quick trip to Hondo Canyon in the Sandias to see if any new butterflies had appeared there now that the chokecherry was in bloom. On the drive up and then hike in, we’d spot an unusual number of Painted Lady butterflies that must’ve recently begun flying.
I am not being hard on myself today. I know that not everyone is capable of creating a piece about the Octomom, failing, staring at it, not deleting it, but thinking about deleting it, and coming up with an alternative plan that involves mimicking a photoblog using nothing, but the skills of a screen capture. However, not everyone is Sweet Mother.
I get caps and titfers from a few places, here are 2 of them
That Nigeria is a failed state is no longer in question. However, a major consequence of that is the organized exodus of Nigerian girls and women to Western Europe, where they are promised exciting jobs but end up trapped in brothels run by their own nationals - Nigerian “Madams”.
We're makin' it.
She has her first dance performance for her dance school's end of year concert coming up in 3 weeks and I know she will have the time of her life and once again I will be the proudest mum in the room. Post will be up soon about my first year as a 'dance mum'
Princess Haiku
And as we let our own light shine,
Enter to be written as a character in my book, Great Hexpectations. I'll create your character using your name, description and personality (I'll send over a questionnaire, etc. to find out all about you!)
*Movement?: I have one little busy man in my belly...is this an indication of what he will be like when he's actually here?!? If so, I'm in for one active little boy!
Well, maybe if you sext and it’s on vibrate and they send pictures….
Having 4 fur babies of my own, I could relate to Kathe's story about her Sweet Dog Named Max. Go read how Max came into their family and see how he spends his days. He should thank his lucky stars that he's so cute that Mommy doesn't get mad at his antics. Kathe's blog Kathe With An E is a place to share her hobbies including recipes, tablescapes, decorating, and crafts. Check out her new party called You're Going To Love It Tuesday.
LORETA!!
I’ve been out of shape for over ten years. 2001 was the last year I played Ultimate Frisbee competitively. At regionals, as I was catching a score, a girl slammed into me and my right ankle was shot for the rest of the season. I started to get in shape the next year by going to play a pickup game at the park. A few minutes in I was again catching a score in the endzone when my knee went ‘pop.’ I never learned what that pop was, but for years I had intense, sharp pains in my right knee almost every time I stood up after bending down. Running was out of the question and hiking, especially downhill, was painful.
1) The refusal to recognise the legitimacy of existing political institutions.
It was really interesting. Afterwards, we spent the next couple of hours walking around the different areas of the palace, exploring the different halls, enjoying the gardens and taking pictures. It was a very relaxing and enjoyable trip. I love history and was so excited to see an actual historical relic of Korea. Seoul is so modern; there are very few traditional, historical things to see in the city. I have plans to go to a couple of the smaller palaces in the upcoming weeks, and I can't wait!
40 Kensington Gardens
1/2 cup toasted chopped nuts
One recent day, Peter remarked, "You sure do like Legos. But how come you keep wanting more?"
Don’t believe me? Fine. Look at Britain, where they tried this asinine stunt and now find themselves not only still plagued with high unemployment but also officially in a double-dip recession.
Boundary Bay Brewery
1. Go to my coaching site www.beachbodycoach.com/KUAngie and click JOIN to sign up for a FREE account on my coaching page. (takes 2 minutes). Then leave a comment here that you joined. Or for two entries buy the CLUB membership (a great deal!)
Another thing to point out is that a negative physical or psychological outcome does not determine the ethicality of an action. If you are working on a construction site, and seriously injure one of your co-workers by dropping something heavy on him, did you act unethically? No. Intent is more important- what are you trying to accomplish, and what foreseeable implications would your actions have?
The NAACP initially supported Vilsack’s decision to accept Sherrod’s resignation.
That's me- sour grapes
So I have now contacted the baker for my state who is listed above.
Lastly, a current co-worker and I were ranting and raving our ultra conservatives views in the break lounge, he made a comment on illegal immigrants, and a somebody took offense to it. The comment was about how when a person breaks the law, they are a criminal. This “offended” person responded on typical liberal cue, “they just come here for a better life.” Here was a big fat soft ball waiting for me to hit it out of the park. I responded with ” the prisons are full of folks that broke into somebody’s home, or business, illegally, looking to take items that were not theirs, in order to have a better life for themselves! Please tell me the difference?”
But, with Sit-Down Comedy, in fact, it doesn’t much matter because, although the contract was with the late Malcolm Hardee and me as editors of the book, we agreed to split the royalties between ourselves and the 19 contributors to the anthology. So we are talking miniscule sums even if it sold loads.
I’ve wanted to do an antique sideboard for about as long as I’ve been refinishing furniture, so I’m on cloud nine to find such an awesome one for a great price! What should I do to it? It has to live up to it’s potential. ;)
Not to be outdone by the New Yorkers, in the weeks that followed, in California an archaeologist dug to a depth of 20 feet, and shortly after, headlines in the LA Times newspaper read: ‘California archaeologists have found traces of 200 year old copper wire and have concluded that their ancestors already had an advanced high-tech communications network a hundred years earlier than the New Yorkers.’
I recently set my facebook page on private, prompted by a parent sending me a message thinking that his son shouldn't be reading my status updates because it wasn't helping him do well in school.
Dead Luke, Cosmic Meltdown
Sometimes slip ups are relatively harmless. Other times, most of our readers won’t notice. All too often, however, it’s those huge glaring ones that are too painfully obvious that they cause embarrassment.
I haven't had a sip of the Russell's Reserve 101 since that first bottle, so I was excited to get some and see how it compared to my memory.
We should “talk about how Islam treats homosexuals. Talk about how they treat anybody who is found to be a homosexual, and the answer to that is, they kill them.”
Another example, Wendy and I love to go on dates. We love to go out just the two of us. One of our favorite date routines has been to go out to dinner somewhere we can talk without the kids and then go to a book store and walk around together. It is a fantastic time of processing life with each other without the constant “Mommy? Daddy? Mommy? Daddy?” in our ears. There is nothing fancy about this ritual. It is just something we do to get away together. It is a tool that facilitates the communication of our love for one another.
Downtown Fillmore is a slice of California’s past still active and viable. Full of history with museums and original buildings,surrounded by groves of lemons and avocados.An antique train yard that still operates for weekend and special event jaunts around the Santa Clara River valley thrives. Life still bustles on in the daily grind there but it felt slower, a comfortable forward pace not a sweaty flat out run.
Extra Points: this is where your coupons will come in handy.
‘Mitt Romney attended a fundraiser at the luxurious estate of Papa John’s founder John Schnatter recently, where he told the audience that Democrats don’t believe anyone should own a golf course or a pool.
Angie and her husband Jeremy will be opening a pharmacy in the cute little shopping district in Mt. Laurel soon and she had emailed me several weeks ago that she was looking for local crafters to sell their items in the gift shop part of the pharmacy (the pharmacy itself is called PharmSouth and the gift shop is "Spoonful of Sugar", so cute!). I now have some picture frames, initial boards, burlap crosses and more in the gift shop!
Greg also has a good bit of our yard marked off at the moment because he’s trying to get the grass to grow back. Scout has this uncanny ability to kill any blade of grass he pees on, so our back yard is very splotchy and yellow. The mowers are having quite a time with Greg’s set up but are very nicely mowing around it with the trimmer. Our grass would be a foot tall or more if they didn’t!
Check the seals on the door are OK. Condensation on the outside of your fridge-freezer is a sign that you need to get the seals replaced.
We had so much fun: thrifting, biking (taken with my Hipstamatic app.), sneaking up on geese, running in the grass (taken with my Hipstamatic app.), playing with adorable thrifted fabric, eating lemon plums and strawberries, finishing a Valentine’s Day project for school, opening Stella’s nightstand to find her collection of ponies stashed in it, and picking some lettuce from our container garden.
New York -- New York policemen are taught the complex art and science of detection in the now famous Police College instituted by Grover Whalen a few years ago. The Crime Museum of the Police College houses all sorts of evidence used in connection with murder cases, as well as a varied assortment of weapons used by gangsters and killers. A whole mystery story in one picture - the fantastic weapon of The Horseshoe Murder. The implement is a baseball bat with two horseshoes attached. The murderer's idea was to smash the skull of his victim leaving the impression of the horseshoe, so that police would believe the poor fellow had been kicked to death by a horse. (1930)
The premise to The Lifeboat is a simple one. We meet Grace who has spent three weeks drifting in the Atlantic ocean with 38 other people in a lifeboat. We join her story as she is on trial for murder after the lifeboat was rescued minus many of the original survivors. Grace has been married for ten weeks and a widow for six as her husband perished on the Empress Alexandra. That’s it, really. But from such a simple idea has blossomed a wondrously detailed and conflicting story.
but with the best intentions.
Till next time. Over, And. Owt!
In the past my blog has mainly been all about my business "VINTAGE HOME lifestyle"...with bits here and there about my personal life. As many of you know I closed my Antique Faire/Barn Sale business last year. Although I still have my online business...the change has been difficult. But I guess if change was easy we would always be the same and that would be pretty boring. I miss the one-on-one contact with customers and I am sure someday I will have some sort of that again...it is in my blood.
Some days I can’t get out of my own way.
lovely.
Have a listen to the 'Doomsday' demo below featuring a fantastic version of the classic 'Shame & Scandal':
Big tidy up and many many loads of washing done.
That is exactly what happened in South Africa. I know, because I was there and I saw it happen.
October 5: Abraiha presents May, Mia, Saphira and Gaea who will dazzle you with gorgeous costumes and mesmerize with sinuous movements.
My follow up TWO YEAR mark exams are the ALL CLEAR!!!
and fills me with
5. By all means haggle, but be aware we have limits. Magazines, blogs and ‘Wedding Advisors’ drum bang on about bartering and discounts. I’m acutely aware how expensive weddings can be, I’m aware that you’ll want to save as much as possible, but I’m also aware of profit margins and manufacturers recommend prices. Address the situation in a pleasant way, don’t flick the Hard-Face switch the moment you want money off the gown. And respect that as a shop we can only go so far, telling us you’ve been offered a £1845 dress for £900 will just result in laughter, be realistic and be aware most shops will need to see a WRITTEN quote before they agree on a final price-match. Stick with the simple rule, “if I can’t afford it, I won’t try it”
Shut out the people
A Socialist society, requires no such agencies of doom. The Soviet police simply brought members of the drinking classes together and allowed them to exchange teeth, fluids and experimental impregnation techniques in the seclusion of a basement urinal until their anti-people manifestations were spent.
Later on we get to see Tyrion does what he does best, which is schooling some arrogant fool in how the game of thrones is played. Lancel goes from an arrogant, haughty knight to a snivelling child in about 10 seconds, and Tyrion gains another informant. As he keeps saying, Tyrion is not Ned Stark, and he intends to keep all of his extremities attached to his body.
You did not see this kind of nonsensical criterion being raised 20 or 30 years ago, which speaks to the increasing luridness of full-disclosure writing permeating every last field, the blogospheric assumption of the importance of the "personal" that's surely going to keep trickling down. And it's careless thinking. You think "Mean Streets" is personal and "The Aviator" isn't? Try again: "Mean Streets" is fantasy wish-fulfillment to make up for a sickly childhood, while "The Aviator" is a swooning love letter to the medium that dominates Scorsese's life. I just made a "personal" argument. Are you convinced yet? As you can see, Rizov was directly addressing critics who he believed based their charges of "personal" and "impersonal" on what they knew about the filmmaker's own life. For me, however, he raises some broader questions on what makes a film feel either deeply personal or deeply impersonal to a viewer—and perhaps whether that should even matter in assessing a given film.
In fact, perhaps in testament to the times we live in, Bersih 2.0 went global, with solidarity gatherings in many cities around the world. I know my friend in Adelaide attended one. Another one turned up at Bersih Melbourne.
The battle raged on.
Mile 13.1: Somehow managed a tough it out sprint for the last 0.1
I read it to others.
Best not to forget
01. Crawling From The Wreckage
“But – I have seen my Subjects fall and bruise themselves, or been cut and bleeding, and I have correspondingly reflected that in my self. And somehow – I thought I felt their pain.”
Sate Padang
such is life.
be willing to dance to the tune
A tussy mussy is a small but fragrant flower bouquet. Way before deodorant was invented (lol) tussy mussies were used to block the smell of unwashed bodies and illness. In later years, they became a fragrant accessory and today, tussy mussies are used in weddings, as party favors and as decorations. Tussy Mussies can be created from either a square template or a quarter circle template which is gently folded over to create a cone ready to decorate. I have found the perfect template with instructions at Mirkwood Design
weep for me?
For the Christians in the crowd, King said a shift from Obama in 2008 to Paul this year isn’t as large as it may seem. They believe Paul is the guy who would end the wars, and is serious about ending the collusion between big business and government — issues Obama underscored in the last election.
Anyone? Anyone? Anyways we had Nodding Head Ich Bin Ein Berliner Weisse at Earth and I was pumped to get to try another example of the style. Every Berline Weisse I've had was delicious and this one was no exception. Tart, funky, sour, well carbonated, incredibly quaffable, and coming in at only 3.5% - great, great stuff. Nodding Head makes some awesome beers and this one was the best I've had from them. Didn't like it as much with the woodruff syrup though...
Arsène’s punishment of a mandatory three match ban might work in deterring all but the most determined charlatans. The issue has always been clouded by the issue of intent. In the case of Young, the intent to exaggerate is not hard to distinguish but faced with a robust challenge – or an opponents body shape that indicates an incoming assault – many players will take evasive action not to deceive deliberately but to mitigate injury. Those are the cases where matters can look worse and be misinterpreted. In our judgemental world, these require judicious management.
Leaven, leaven, no: love nations
Not Mark.
the honoured servants and courtiers you loved as brothers – why did you leave them all, 0 Lord?
But he added: ‘Whatever works in the short-term will only be a success if it also works in the long-term. These changes to physical activity and dietary intake have got to be sustainable.’
- I would never miss a night of SXSW due to said hangover.
I move over to the English bar. Two coopers from Theakstons are helping out pulling beers. I ask my nerdy questions about the wooden casks. They confirm the casks are newly made, explaining the oaky taste of the dark mild. And I am surprised to learn that they only rarely have to destroy a cask that’s got irredeemably infected inside. That comes from knowing what you’re doing, I suppose.
And thinking.
step out, come back, then leave again.
Usually around 6:30ish...
You better watch out
4. Surround yourself with folks who sleep hour after hour each day: break into a nursing home. These places are always warm and quiet, and filled with sleeping people. Take advantage of the perfect sleeping environment provided by a nursing home, and find an empty bed and sleep right there.
08 - Boogie No More 07:34
My own twitter traffic during the election lost a bit of spontaneity. Things I wanted to say about the election would have been unwise to say. I started making ‘Non Election News’ Tweets such as “I extracted 2 pints of worm wee from my wormery this morning. Useful as a liquid fertiliser. Back out on the stomp!” I was definitely ‘extracting the urine’ with that tweet! Another tweet was “my sweetcorn, leek and tomato seedlings are coming through. Rain makes canvassing tough but the patch gets watered!” Now I know twitter is supposed to express your trivial musings in less than 140 characters but didn’t I realise there was an election on?! I certainly did but even saying where I’d canvassed and what response I’d received could be giving information to an opponent who didn’t have my best interests at heart in the slightest. I thought the best thing I could do was let them know how my allotment was progressing!
Last week’s training didn’t go completely as planned – missed a bike ride, but did get a swim in! This week I have 2 runs, 2 bikes and 2 swims planned. The schedule kinda looks like this:
- Imperial Japan demonstrated for decades that they believed that the end justified their means. They did not care about human rights and treaties. They only cared about their expansionist conquests.
Next we have Call Me Gwen-Ever. This is a dusty orange polish that required only two coats. I know it doesn't really look dusty but trust me it is! I really liked the application of this polish, it went on smoothly with no balding/ patchy issues.
Like Poe, writing has always been my outlet of expression. He had such a gift and it was a shame that he was not recognized sooner. I truly admire Poe, because despite all of the obstacles he had faced in life, he became a success and his legacy lives on.
If it be discovered that this group makes the points I am making here, then I withdraw my objection. But I seriously doubt it.
Next, we meet Ilea. She has taken a vow of celibacy that is apparently so important, she has to mention it the moment she arrives on the bridge. I do not know about you, but the first thing I tell everyone on my first day of school or job is that I will not have sexwith any of them. It is best to go ahead and get that out of the way. Regardless, it turns out she and Decker have something going between them.
The successful candidate will have a passion for fast cars, orange girlfriends, nightclubs, oversized watches and ‘roasting’ teenage girls.
As a writer who constantly draws inspiration from things I read and hear about, I am pretty sure that poor Patrick Comerfield's bloody suicide in July 1863 was partly the inspiration for Twain's "Bloody Massacre" hoax, written three months later. The gruesome details of Comerford's suicide must have spread like wildfire even if not reported by local papers.
-Friday is a light to moderate strength training circuit day plus a short interval run for cardio
from the boring zone
Welcome to my stop of Back To You by Natalie-Nicole Bates! Back To You is a contemporary romance novella that looks really great! Today, there will be a giveaway and an excerpt so look out for it! I will be reviewing the book at a later date too, so yep you got it, watch out for it! ;D
Print: (2) 1.75" x 14.25" and (2) 1.75 x 13"
She refused to eat more than a few bites a day. She left food all over the house That She Didn't Eat.
Now for my Frugal Round-Up
In contrast, Earth’s average temperature has warmed by only 0.8C since 1900.
I recently decided to make a reconnaissance visit to the newly opened Northcross Walmart Supercenter that engendered so much controversy when it first squeaked through the city approval process just ahead of the big box ordinance three years ago.
Patient of the Week#2: Cooper has a 10 year old patient, Melody (played by Charlotte White), who confides that she was born in the wrong body and feels she is actually a boy. He seeks Violet’s help, and while Melody’s father (played by Chris McGarry) seems receptive to listening, her mother angrily rejects their input and bars them from seeing her child. While Amelia voices that she thinks Melody is too young to know this for sure, Violet offer that Melody may truly suffer from GID (Gender Identity Disorder) and if not adequately counseled could self-harm. Melody returns to the clinic, but when her parents arrive, her mother aggressively tries to get her to leave. In the end, it seems as if her parents come around to helping their child.
When I popped the top on the bottle of Bell's 25th Anniversary Ale, I had no idea what to expect. It had been only a week since I made a phone call to Gomer's North to secure my 6-pack, after reading about it's release on KC Beer Blog. Then, I purposely avoided doing any research on the beer. I wanted my first impression to be untainted by any hype or prejudice.
In Other News: I have an exciting announcement to make! Some of you may know that I am a dealer at The Old Lucketts Store, I have been there for nearly 10 years now and all things Lucketts are near and dear to my heart. It's an unbelievably fun place to work at, and even more fun to shop at. However we only just have the one location, so if you didn't live in around Leesburg, VA, you were out of luck ... until now that is!
For so many tiring days and nights
The unknown will hit all of us. Some of our rigors are physical, some are mental or spiritual. What challenges can you anticipate? And how can you prepare yourself for the unexpected?
Might as well adopt a Communist manifesto
For over two centuries the Arnaudville Knotts have been cursed with an unexplainable inability to dance. Oh we love to two step and waltz – we just do not look good doing it. Two left feet does not describe it, unless they were Frankenstein’s feet. My grandfather was a bad dancer, as was his father. My father is pretty bad, as are my brothers. As for me, when I dance I look like the scarecrow in the Wizard of Oz, if he was cursed with arthritis and a strange lack of rhythm.
“I have recently learnt it…however, I am still not sure if it’s true or not.”
“That’s the only thing,” I vented to one of my co-workers I used to work with when I used to work nights before my superiors had transferred me to a Per Diem position, “My process would take a very long time. Only God knows when it even starts…But I’m not going to quit!” I whispered.
Several weeks ago I created a card for my niece, Kelsey, that graduated from high school. She is a lovely girl who has gone to Perdue University this year. I hope that she enjoyed her card and she has a great time at Perdue this year making friends and just being a student. Great Job, Kelsey, great job, and good luck!!!!!
Eskenazi B, Bracken MB, Holford TR, Grady J. Exposure to organic solvents and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Am J Ind Med 1988; 14: 177-188.
In early April 2012, at the Summit of the Americas, Mr Harper himself dug the hole a little deeper. He said that the figures his Government used publicly were only for the acquisition of the F-35s.
I AM THE BEST, UGLY, SCREAM, and LIKE A VIRGIN
05--(05:09)--- Good Morning
The sidepods follow the Red Bull template with slim sidepods tapering out at their base. The coke bottle shape streamlines smoothly into the gearbox fairing, there being no cooling outlet from the sidepods themselves, instead the tail funnel acts as the main outlets, while there also appears to be small outlets either side of the cockpit sides.
As a person who has severe phobias of being trapped in my Connecticut hometown, I can absolutely relate to the train that just never leaves the station, the over-riding frustration that translate directly into crushing inaction. It’s hard to encapsulate the emotions we have towards the places we grew up. These nurturing spaces transform into a malevolent specter, a symbol of comfort that becomes smothering. It’s a pillow that you know you can lay your head when the world gets rough, an eternal safe space…and yet, when you fall back and feel the warmth of slipping between sheets that you’ve felt a thousand times before…you remember that you’re falling back, not forward. You get tired. You tell yourself 5 more minutes. Ten, twenty…
Ready to make my bag, baby?? LINK this tutorial for an EXTRA entry in my blog candy, (because I worked really hard on this!) Just let me know by putting linking in the coment section on today's post, thanks! :) And if you make your own, please let me know, I'd love to see!
People think I don't need one since I, "Don't have a job."
“In March a fire raged across the slopes of Table Mountain and Devil’s Peak, consuming large tracts of veld and leaving the mountain devoid of soil-holding vegetation.
“Within our Four O’Clock imprint, we have three divisions. Which of these your book fits into is determined by a number of factors, such as the quality of your original manuscript, the amount of extra work you are prepared to put in, and of course your personal goals. One of the first questions our consultants will ask you is: Why have you written this book?
BUT GOD HAD OTHER PLANS! ! !
Superman's Mullet- It sucked, people hated it, it went away.
-- I take group lessons, solo lessons and technical classes that explain precisely what muscle should be working where and when. Fair enough, it won't do you any harm.
Do you listen to music while writing (and if so, what kind of music)?
On Monday, the Ohio Department of Agriculture lifted the quarantine order on the five animals that remain alive, so now it’s up to Thompson what to do with the animals. She has not publicly stated her intentions; however, correspondence between her attorney and the ODA hints she could be planning to bring them back to Zanesville.
For a while I played the game that I’m sure most readers played (especially now that it’s so easy to do), firing up the Internet and comparing what’s real versus what DeLillo conjured up. But at some point I stopped, because it doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter whether Win Everett and Larry Parmenter are less real than David Ferrie, or if Lee Oswald really said and thought those things while in Minsk, or if Jack Ruby really was commissioned by the Mafia to take Oswald out. To read this book and assume you’ve read what DeLillo believes happened is short-selling the novel. The lasting image for me is of DeLillo’s stand-in Nicholas Branch, the semi-retired CIA agent being asked to write the secret history of the assassination, alone in his study with mountains upon mountains of material, all the minutiae and trivia and arcana given to him by some unknown, god-like Curator. There is no making sense of all that documentation, but because it is documented, because we have Oswald’s pubic hair and Jack Ruby’s mother’s dental records, and every single frame of the Zapruder film noted and memorized, it assumes there should be sense to make, that if you crawl deep enough into the rabbit hole you will emerge with a coherent narrative. And the joke is that of course you won’t. Libra may come off as deadly serious, but it sells that dark joke for all it’s worth.
230. Currants & Holiday Crunch @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 11: 40 p.m.
- A Reds season preview/another meandering blog about baseball and the importance of it in my life.
Approximately 55 miles northeast of Las Vegas via Lake Mead and through intriguing desert terrain our camper van rumbled through the entrance of the ‘Valley of Fire’. Almost immediately, on either side of road, we were welcomed by enormous crimson rocks clumped together like hot coals in a fireplace. The desert had suddenly become a golden ember!
Regarding Step No. 7, I was surprised when Mhel placed hot moist pack on my hands and said that it’s to relieve stress and back pain. This, she said, is an added service to their clients. I liked this very much! Mhel even massaged my back while waiting for the appointed time to remove my age-defying mask. I loved that, too! The age-defying facial cost Php490.00 and lasted for an hour.
Who knew the birthday party circuit could be so nasty!
I merely nodded.
Oh God, I need some help
I don't mind admitting that this total reversal of my initial response to the very same beer was both alarming and bewildering.
made using the wooded handle of an old
The Ruskin Square masterplan also provides for a new direct route connecting the East Croydon Station with the town centre through the site.
their cruel
Cross hatching is when you draw more thin lines in the opposite direction to darken up an area. Depending on how fine your pen is and your technique, you can deepen your cross hatching from very light to almost black. The trick comes in learning to keep a steady hand and making your lines consistent and even. Illustrators a few hundred years ago had a lot more patience than I have, since their work was beautiful, detailed, and meticulously drawn.
Then I was writer in residence in Sutherland. I shared this post with photographer Catriona Murray. We worked with children and gave them experiences of working with art and writing – in nature. This was really inspiring. Two more books were produced from this – my own poetry ‘A Winter’s Calendar,’ and a book of children’s art work and poetry ‘A field for the heart.’
MINUSES - It had the bad timing of following, arguably, the best four year run in Topps history. Overall, if you take away 1 or 2 elements and this is a "cookie-cutter" set. Kind of boring.
“They try to cook all this stuff up to come up with what they think is the best result, but in the end they’re just guessing,” said Danny Sullivan, editor of the Search Engine Land website.
General S. Musselman set to work on the next 5×8 section of land, and as her experience grew, the clods of lost dirt on her side went down in number. The forward movement was still slow. And let’s face it, North Yardea is not a very populated land, the battles still to be fought in Frontyard Land and the Outback were looming. The General was growing concerned about just how many weekends this battle was going to rage on for.
I don't want to eat dinner with Dash and Bella every night. Sometimes I just crave leaning over the kitchen sink with a peach. I'm sick of bombarding my kids with the napkin-in-your-lap-elbows-off-the-table-SIT-DOWN-mouth-closed-while-you-chew-just-try-something-green-just-try-it-once-please requests. It's harder to cook and eat with my kids than without them. It takes more time. More energy. And all those salt-grabbing hands and incessant questions.
2) coincidences abound in our lives. Jung called them synchronicity, when something happens that is similar in some way to something else we had done, but from a completely different source. Like a confirmation from our soul, Higher Spirit, the universe, however you want to name it, I think of it as the frisson of energy you get when something occurs and it answers us in some way about something we had started to do - a yes to a decision made. Here are various links to synchronicity: Jung's description, (and I like the example given here of the dream a patient had, and then the very rare beetle showing up the next day); a dictionary definition, which comes from Jung, who coined the term; and wikipedia, from which I love this partial explanation: "Jung believed that many experiences that are coincidences due to chance in terms of causality suggested the manifestation of parallel events or circumstances in terms of meaning, reflecting this governing dynamic." This is because I've met people who have argued that synchronicity doesn't exist, or it's invented because we are looking for it, hence we find it. I wasn't looking on Friday, I was just seeing what the bus rider's newspaper had, and there it was. I had started writing my story on Tuesday.
BubTar wrote his first book! It is fan-fiction entitled, The Star Wars Hunger Games. :) It was such a great experience for him. He would come home after school and write every day! His teacher was so supportive of his efforts and would allow him to read it in class as he made progress. Once he finished, she even made a cover for him and had a copy bound, which he donated to the class library. Now he is working on his second book, BRAINS!!!, about zombies and his WHOLE class is writing books now! He's pleased to be the trendsetter for a change.
First, that he will one day have to render an account to the supreme Judge of the lives of sick persons committed to his care.
The allure of the City of Lights can put a big hurt on your pocketbook if you are not careful, so check out these tips for how to have a blast without breaking the bank.
Your business is watching my words. But I
So much so, it makes other stuff taste awesome.
I'd appreciate if y'all would spread the news of my little giveaway--or not, if you want a better chance of winning! *g*
You see I envision my life as a 50's sitcom, I wanna be June Cleaver. I know, I'm probably making you guys want to vomit as I write this, But I really do. I would love to be able to wake up every morning happy as I can be!! Make up my bed and fix the hubby Breakfast, and kiss him as he walks out the door!!! ( I totally do that anyway) I would Love to be caught up on laundry, and to be able to do the the grocery shopping during the day would be great, have a freshly vacuumed house, and dinner waiting on the hubby when he walks in the door, with a homemade dessert!!!! Yeah RIGHT, I know that's wishful thinking, but if I could be half of all of that it would be great!!!!
salty goulash tongue befriending
The Florence Civitan Club and the Florence Exchange Club are having their meetingz at noon today at the Marriott Shoals Conference Center.
1147. Chips @ Green Life (Asheville, NC) 12:02 p.m.
I double dare you to try using this embossing powder.
Fuck it. I had to go NOW.
These two gardens belonged to people who were well off, and had staff to assist them with their gardens, and budgets that would allow for trees and perennials to edge their potagers. Some situations called for much small kitchen gardens. I found it interesting that long ago pubs and taverns often had their own kitchen gardens to grow herbs and vegetables too.
I hope you enjoy my insight in the book of James through Beth Moore’s study- James: Mercy Triumphs!
Anyway, back to the overlocker. I decided I needed an overlocker and I have been trawling ebay for weeks now. But I couldn't settle on my budget because, well, actually I have never used one before.
Perseverance is also found in Jesus Himself. Had he not remained faithful and obedient through His suffering, He would not have been the true Messiah and our sins would not be forgiven. Because of His perseverance through horrendous suffering (ordained by God) He was proven to be the true Messiah worthy to forgive our sins. Some may say that it was easier for Christ to do so since He was God. This claim nearly denies (or at least belittles) His humanity and we have the great Helper in us which empowers us to persevere (John 14:16-17).
If approved by Cardiff council’s planning committee, each pitch will comprise a concrete hard standing and amenity block, with a fenced plot for caravans. Access would be off Druidstone Road.
At this rate, both books should be ready for the next draft revisions at about the same time. I am pleased that I’m able to go from one project to another and feel a distinction there. It might be distracting on one level, but overall I think working on them both at the same time is fueling me, as I have a constant input of excitement over one or the other. When I slow down with one project, I can return to the other with a fresh mind. I go to work and can’t wait to come home and work on them. I stay up late even though I have class or work in the morning, because I want to write a little more, get a few more words down. Just a few more.
Enter the glass noodles, scallions, fried onions and celery.
4 tbsp groundnut oil or any vegetable oil
On Loathsome Creek and in Poverty, the people fashion their lives around their police scanners. Everyone had at least one. Scanners are in every home. And although it is illegal, they are on every hillbilly hip and in every redneck car in the county. Elizabeth knew that if she was to succeed in changing the way everyone thought of Jerry, she had to do it the right way. She knew she couldn’t fake anything. In order to make Jerry’s reputation match the man she knew he was, she had to keep her plan to herself. If she was going to make it come off without a hitch, Elizabeth couldn’t tell Jerry what was rolling around in that thoughtful head of hers. She didn’t rush into anything. She spent time hatching her plan.
Because it’s spring and because The Ninth Step incorporates it, we thought it would be appropriate to talk a bit about the Language of Flowers, a language that was created during the Victorian Era to express a variety of sentiments, not all of which are romantic. But, as I settled down to write, I started thinking about the ways in which certain elements come to be included in novels.
A hero against mass immigration in the early 1950s was the fifth Marquess of Salisbury, grand son of the great Conservative Prime Minister and descendent of Lord Burleigh adviser to Queen Elizabeth. He fought his battles in Cabinet. A letter preserved at the National Archive written to Viscount Swinton in 1954, shows his standpoint. Swinton like others only wanted the powers to deport criminals, sick immigrants and charges on the state but Salisbury was deeper and wiser than that and foretold:-
Every day I seem to find new depth
I opened the oven to see that the bottom rack of cupcakes had risen onto the top rack and made quite the mess. Here comes mistake #2...
Kristine
Well, she is by far our little Diva! She is all about bling, frilly, and PINK PINK PINK!! She can either crack us up hysterically or she is just the sweetest thing EVER! She told her momma last week "Mom, You are my Best Friend!" awww!
great happening illimitably earth)
1: Ann Wilson Interview
M: *laughing already* "A Platypus!?! That's basically an Otter with a duck bill! You aren't doing well at this!"
was a scorcher. When we landed at Heathrow at 7 am, the thermometer
Speaking of Herbie The Wonder Puppy. I am concerned that he is getting a diva attitude when he gets his photo taken these days.
Sal
- walk a few miles
shadowed from my heart
‘Cause right now all I can see:
When the team is not executing the Coach’s game plan, as was the case in Games 1-3, that’s on the players. When the team is trying to execute the game plan and failing, as was the case most evidently in Game 6, that’s on the Coach for failing to make adjustments.
Exercise: Still battling first trimester yucks and exhaustion, but I did manage to do the TurboFire toning DVD once.
“We introduced our friendly alien to the world in the pages of Dark Horse Presents last year, and those installments have now been collected into Resident Alien #0. Over the next few months, you’ll learn a bit more about Harry and his supporting cast and watch as he attempts to catch a murderer - and that’s just for starters. This alien is here to stay.”
There must be something I can do with it all (as people have been saying for years) rather burn my few remaining hours over something new that is not taking the shape I want it to.
post pictures of organizing things I see around the internet – like organizing products, organized spaces, and just plain organized fun! It’s always fun to see you get as excited about them as me, too! And, always feel free to share anything with your Facebook friends that you see on the OMF Facebook page. I want everyone to get as excited about it as I am! My media goal this year is to get better with Twitter – so be sure to head over to Twitter, if you use it, and
”Mom, you know that dad passed away nine years ago.”
For me, ISIS acts like an ultimate energy source. Sometimes I sit and listen and say to myself – this music could infuse the dead with enough focus and will to rise and live again. There is simply nothing I can picture that can seem daunting when I have ISIS for a soundtrack. The sheer might, the cascading energy emanating from their songs is just too much to allow for any sort of anxiety. I’ll never forget the way the vocalist would transform from one passage to the next in their live show. From a thin, quite-frail looking individual, he would grow two feet and simply project an unstoppable wave of force every time one of the more brutal vocal stretches came up in a song. It was during that show I felt that musicians don’t just pluck guitar strings – when they get it right, they start gaining access to some deeply ingrained musical instrument in their audience’s minds. Nothing new here, I realize, but it was ISIS that brought this old cliche into reality for me and made me see its completely true, if somewhat banal validity. And, just to bring home my point about their music being essentially intellectual, in spite of the obvious asperity, I remember a guy at the concert who was thoroughly inebriated, which is the norm at any other metal concert I ever witnessed. However, in this case, he was sticking out like a sore thumb, getting into everyone’s way, trying to start a mosh pit when nobody else felt the slightest urge to smack anyone else, except maybe for him. This isn’t aggressive music, it’s purging – it’s no more aggressive than putting disinfectant on a wound – the same sort of sensory overload and the same sense of cleanliness are the only things left behind after listening to them, at least in my case. The drunken troublemaker was thus quickly ejected from the room and I could see tranquil smiles all around once he was gone.
Rare guest draughts, casks and gravity kegs from De Proef, Mikkeller and Ridgeway as well as Bavarian gravity kegs.
Simotas said she plans to draft a letter with local residents to the Mayor’s Office opposing the plan.
I hate to run. I’ve never been a fan, even when I played soccer, and I did that for 13+ years. But that doesn’t explain why, in the past two days, I’ve agreed to run two 5k races this summer. I have quite possibly lost my mind. But I’m doing it, because once you commit, there’s no going back. At least not in my world. So, it looks like this girl will be hustling the next few months to get ready.
I'm a muffin girl, but the best part of a muffin is eating off the top. When I was a teenager, my mother and I would stop into Wild Oats for a morning glory muffin and coffee. I loved the tops, the bigger and floppier the top, the better. As it's a strange storming day here in London, I feel that baby Jake will have to put up with my experimentation as I make chocolate coconut muffin tops. We won't be off to the garden today!
Robin: On the contrary! I was able to share my experience with them. The entire process--getting an agent, working with an editor, all the revisions--is valuable for my students. Whatever I learn, they learn. And I learned a lot.
The poetry I find boring tends to be, but is not exclusively confined to, mainstream in its general direction.
Words are not enough to describe why they chose Subic Bay. Here are some photos of the triathlon course (from 5i50 Philippines):
But now, it was time to return home, and see what could be done. But first there was business to attend to, and Hermel knew full well that given how life moves at snails pace in the villages no one would expect him to return immediately. Even if his own sister was a hostage, he felt sure that the bandits would not risk molesting her and so a few days more or less would make no difference. In all likelihood the bandits would not show up again for a few weeks while letting the village elders consider their terms.
This is a busy week - tomorrow morning I'm at the launch of "Carry A Poem" and then on Tuesday I have a meeting of my local group pm and at night the joint launch of three pamphlets, including "Collection Point", the group anthology edited by Judith Stewart and me, that Colin played a big part in helping us to get printed.
J.S. Bach lived from 1685 – 1750. During his lifetime, he was most famous as a church organist, but today, we revere him practically as the “patron saint” of classical music. Most other famous composers – Beethoven being the most significant one – came after him and were influenced by his music. A few years after Bach heard a famous organist playing, he decided that his purpose in life was to create “well regulated church music to the glory of God.”
Well I have made it through day 3 and I am even having a little fun dreaming up recipes. I have managed to walk through Starbucks on my way into Chapters and not even stop for a coffee (which I love incidentally and is NOT on this detox).
But guess what...
Always gonna be a uphill battle
I enjoy having the sense of completion and feeling of accomplishment. It’s like finishing a book and placing it on the bookshelf. “These are the books I have read,” the shelf sort of declares. They have been completed… they are not on going. When you get to the last page, more pages just don’t appear and have the story continue on. Even chapters in the book come to an end.
Roel Loopers
In my opinion the surface plays too large a role in a match to be treated with so little official oversight. But I can understand why it’s something that hasn’t been addressed, given the countless factors that contribute to the integrity of a pitch. I could pretend I care about the good of the game, but really I just life to be easier for Arsenal. If that means defending us against acts of sabotage then so be it.
She remains beautiful and feminine,
I would like to take credit for it, but it was God…
sometimes a frozen pizza and salad can be dinner and I don't have to feel bad about it...
The situation is clearly desperate but not serious.
Oh yes yes. It is I the paping oap with scuffed black six hole shoes. Worn and abraded. With a blond head of hair. Everything is yes it is. Isn’t it? Sunday lunch for oap.
Veggies and meat and/or protein source for supper
I want to be like that.
- Preserved Apple, Brussels Sprouts, Candied Black Walnuts
A seven dollar and 80 cent electric bill.
TOP 10 DIRTIEST U.S. CITIES
already and she had instructions this was to be towards
Welcome to Hoover Damage! The event is in a festival format, so we're kicking things off at 5pm with an outdoor BBQ. I'll let you in on a little secret...If you come between 5 and 6, you get a free beer with entry! Trust us with your entire evening, we will definitely make it worth your while. The event will cost 5 dollars at the door, and burgers, veggie burgers and hotdogs will be available for purchase at a cheap price. There will also be a bar with cheap beer, cocktails, wine and sangria. Refreshing! Additionally, there will be a 50-50 raffle! Bring those singles. Tickets will be available for 2 dollars, or you can buy 3 for five dollars.
A set of V&A flower stamps
Barley Island Humbugger Christmas Ale 9.3%
When I saw Think Like a Man on Friday, I found myself thinking that that film was just far better than it should have otherwise been because of how good its cast was. Now I’ve just see Darling Companion and I found myself thinking the exact same thing, every single cast member in this cast is someone who I really like, some of them I downright love, and yet here they are, in a film that were it not for their talents I would no doubt find myself branding with a failing grade. It just bums one out to see such a hugely talented ensemble being gathered to make a such a stale kind of movie. But then again, this one’s such a forgettable movie that it won’t be long before we can’t even remember we saw such a great bunch waste their talents.
Moving through the door, they were accosted by the sound of lound shrieking, and soon came to a small chamber where a four armed gargoyle had just awakened from stasis. It was angry. The room was mpty except for some chunks and debris of stone rubble over the floor. The gargoyle flew into the highest corner of the room, and prepared to dive bomb. He lashed out once with each of his claws as he made a circuit of the room to end back in the upper corner. Sharia however would stand for none of it, and she threw her skyrender axe, which has the abilty to knock flying creatures out of the sky. Her and the cleric Ria were both surprised to find the shards of rubble they were standing amongst animate and start stabbing into their ankles. The rubble looked like the crumbled remains of other gargoyles.
Whether Robert Mugabe is morally entitled (or right) to lead Africa back to the Iron Age is not for us to judge. How could we then....seeing that we regard human progress as relative? Be that as it may; the journey will continue, with or without Africa, because the rest of the passengers on the bus will only wave once, then continue to station future.....as always.
Vegetarian Oyster sauce, 1 table spoon
2 Market Street
We all love books, especially those with images capturing heartfelt moments of love and laughter among parents and their children. Get one for mom now, and save one for dad later (Father’s Day, June 17). Available on Amazon.
Sam tried to tell the kids how devastating this was to me.
Having said that, I do love finding a good bargain, which I'm happy to find any time of year. And if I've been mooning over a particular something I wouldn't allow myself to have because of the sticker shock, I might see if it's on sale and what that price is. Then there are a few stores I love a lot, and I might check out what they've got on sale. One of those is Simrane.
But the kids are resilient. The staff diligent. Everyone is ok.
“It was not my intentions to doubt that, the Doctrines of the Illuminati, and the principals of Jacobnism had not spread in the United States. One the contrary, no one is more truly satisfied of this fact than I am.”
Three new independent organs will be created –
According to Mark Berry, two performances were excellent. Günther Groissböck displayed the most recognisably ‘Wagnerian’ voice, and sang handsomely indeed as the Landgrave. And if Michael Nagy could not efface my memories of Christian Gerhaher at the aforementioned Covent Garden performances, no one in my experience ever has, whether live or on record. Nagy’s Wolfram was attentive to all aspects of the text, and impressively acted too: I do not recall Wolfram’s jealousy registering quite so clearly, or movingly.
Remove from microwave, and cover in foil for another 10 minutes.
nonetheless raved about Obama’s oratory skills, intellect, and cool
Well, if it is your local bookstore, perhaps, but only if you believe the expense is going to be compensated by the sales you will generate. The Boulder store model is an experiment, and you may find local and regional stores willing to stock your book on consignment without an upfront fee. For the most part, real distribution costs any publisher money or a significant discount. It can be as near as impossible for a self-published author unless they have a number of titles and their own imprint and are prepared to negotiate a deal with a proven national distributor willing to take their book(s) on.
So if Alleyne arrested and ppl at TV6 not arrested…is not under this Act then? All yuh see why I asking if is the Mental Health Act or Dangerous Dogs Act? Because somebody in tv6 has to be liable too….because is the station broadcast the thing.
“The Other,” Howard D. Graham, PhD, 1934 – Basil Sash, reporter, pressures Captain Ingvaldssen, aka the “Norski Cow” into explaining why he brought back a female corpse from his recent trip to the Arctic. Sash realizes that “Ing”–whom he describes as a violent, misogynistic, scientist, explorer “hero”—has found an alien woman of superior intelligence, and that in looking at her strange beauty, Ing has become obsessed with possessing her. In fact, the Captain has murdered his partner in order to eliminate him as a rival. Once she awakens, Ing believes, he will possess her completely. As they study the woman, who has been encased in ice for an unknown period of time, Sash notes that the object in her hand looks suspiciously like a raygun described in a recent issue of Astounding Science Fiction, but Ing ignores this warning. When the woman is revived, Ing’s fantasy is not fulfilled. She disintegrates him with the ray gun and stalks out of the room. As she departs, Sash hears the “fluid tinkle of the Other’s disdainful silver laughter,” but he is left unharmed.
We’d use (though my imagination lacks
The Town of Cahir it's self has little to offer,but it has colorful old shops,as in the next photo,but most of the buildings are vacant,a sign of the economic down turn I suppose.
He could not understand what had happened (he explained) for the company had stipulated in its contract that it would publish ‘not less than 1,500 copies of The Book over the first three print runs and subsequent print runs shall usually consist of 500 to 1,000 copies’.
4. Find something to take your mind off of it. Don’t procrastinate (if this applies to the situation!), but just give yourself some time to relax and recuperate. Move on!
Whiting recalled in 2000 how she came home from school with an all-day lollipop while her father was trying to write a song for a Shirley Temple movie. At first he was annoyed by the sticky kisses, but then inspiration struck.
4th job:
I'm thankful for cats, wine, Sam, horror movies, scooters, Danzig I, and cats.
'That'll be stuck to the ceiling later'quipped Chef..
Decafalon (n.):
It could reduce Iran to a flat nuclear pancake within twenty minutes. But it hasn’t.
WHEN THE SON he had not seen for eight years stepped into the arrivals hall at Kennedy Airport, cabbie Eugene Pothy sobbed and gripped the railing.
Add milk in thirds
The long-suffering demon wiped his face as steam rose up from his clothing.
And then, of course. we HAD to make one of these dahhhhling little purses using the new Petite Purse Bigz Die. Ohmygosh!! These things are freakin' ADORABLE!! Sooo much fun to make, and so EASY, too! Stamps: NONE! Paper: Island Indigo, Whisper White, Summer Smooches DSP Ink: NONE! Accessories: Petite Purse Bigz Die, Dotted Scallop Ribbon Border, Boho Blossoms Punch, In Color Printed Brad, Small Heart Punch (for the scalloped border on the purse flap), Houndstooth Textured Impressions Embossing Folder Ta-DA!!! It's so fun to be able to find some time to create something ... and I'm SOOOOO happy that my room is clean! Makes the creative process much more fun!
Where else but in New York City can a few steps transport you to another world?
While he's doing his spiel, I vow to him that I won't get bummed. He replies that he's not trying to discourage me, just stating the facts as he sees them. Then I tell him that he's just like me; always the devil's advocate. And then I vow privately to be a little less like us next time I'm in his position.
The imbalance of life is natural. I am fully aware that I am spoiled in comparison to the rest of the world. The fact that I am typing this post on a personal computer puts me in the top 1% of the entire global population. What I also have, that many others don’t, is a voice. I have the ability to to reach millions of people with a single click of my mouse. Justin Bieber reached billions, imagine what a little intellect, love, and peace can do?
We followed Helen up some stairs and through a security door into a family holding room. There were bean bags on the floor, boxes piled high with grubby toys, and story books with every other page torn out. At the very back another door led into a room that contained only two wooden chairs and a table. Helen, our Social Worker of the last three years, used this room to speak to each family member in turn. Rachel, my elder sister, was called in first. Before the door even closed shut my mother was in her handbag unscrewing the cap from her half bottle of scotch. She took a few huge swigs then turned to me.
Jane Jacobs observes that “buildings should not cut sun from a park . . .if the object is to encourage full use.” On a clear day, sun and shadow will travel around a park like a sundial and people can be observed to follow the sun.
I have been thinking long and hard about my fabric stash and my little shop and what next year may have in store.... for now though I am working on some tutorials that I would like to share...hopefully before Christmas if I have the time :)
Sure this book applies to the Irish coming to Australia, but Richard’s approach to understanding more about the process and the immigrants is, in my experience, somewhat unusual as he complements the general history with personalised grassroots examples. I’d be surprised if anyone with Irish ancestry couldn’t gain insights into how their own Irish immigrant fitted into the broader data.
Nose: Rich sherry, banana, caramel, butter menthols, brown sugar, wood stain, oak, apricot. Some struck matches.
Yet, I feel a conflict in my heart as I say those prayers, as I grow deeper in love with the Lord and my heart pursues what he’s called me to be. There are many scriptures that offer comfort and solace when I feel this way, things that reassure me that God knows best, and he loves my husband and son more than I could ever love them and regardless of what happens he’ll always have their best interest at heart. This gives me confidence to stay fearless in the face of death and my heart swells with confidence – for instance sometimes when I’m underground the train jerks with a loud bang and the lights go out briefly – while other passengers hold their breath and subconsciously look at the bearded man holding rosary beads, I just smile to myself and think – it’s not my time… (I hate to admit it, but people are still really jumpy about Muslim-looking people getting on the train, it’s so sad but true)
Oh and one important thing to remember… forget mobile phone coverage or an internet connection when out and about in Connemara. “No service” was a frequent message on my phone. It took some getting used to but after a while it was strangely relaxing (yes, I know how desperate this sounds…).
Another distraction are the many things you can find. Besides crabs, shells and other curious things I find it hard to walk past any stone that has a natural hole formation. And there are thousands of them on our beaches! I put them into my pocket with a big smile on my face.
A hard audience to please aren’t you? That’s right, NaNoWriMo begins very soon. And when it does, we’ll be committed to turning out work over at Transcendental Multiverse. Which I really really ought to add to the side bar at some juncture. I just haven’t. I may well add stuff on here from time to time. Maybe something that’ll distract me and let me write. But short stories will be saved and posted over there on the off-chance I need them to save my word count. I obviously won’t be playing any games so I won’t be able to relay those to you.
perfectly in my desk area....
Sorscha making a sun -- from a styrofoam ball, yellow glitter paint and small lengths of pipe cleaners. Scotty made the earrings. Dan made something he called 'a doo-hickey on a stick' which Bruce said looked more like a sperm! Yeah, no pix of that craft item!
like sticks
964 D-IV/10/1987. “On the Platonism of Aristotle.” Panel on Plato and Aristotle, Annual Meeting, Midwest Political Science Association, Chicago, Illinois.
the event is simple like the maple tree and xmas event, u just have to collect power kegs and hand them to gaga( the part-time bunny) u can enter the map via cassandra
At 6 pm my midwife, Jesse, asked if I would like to get out and see where I was at for dilation. Heck yes! How much longer do I have to go? Please tell me I’m close! No such luck…only 6 cm! At this point I was pretty exhausted both physically and mentally. I was also feeling uncomfortable, and thoughts of “epidural” were floating through my head. I remember feeling so worried that I wouldn’t be able to push (em…em…excuse me….”breathe baby down” in Hypnobirthing lingo) when the time came, and was absolutely petrified that I’d end up having a C-section. That was about as far off our birth plan as we were from China, and I still carried with me that my mom had 2 C-sections after 19 and 17 hours of labor with me and my sister. Having an epidural to conserve energy would not be ideal, but preferable in my mind to surgery. They actually started the fluids and scheduled the anesthesiologist (who of course wouldn’t be there for an hour…no one was in a hurry that day I guess). I could always change my mind!
Make the sauces:
Exploded myths – but who
The team challenges you to create a card or project using Our Daily Bread Designs Stamps, that is it!!!! Have fun!!!
What a change there's been in Egypt since my last visit here in December 2011. In just one year, people who were depressed and pessimistic about the future of the country have transformed into upbeat and optimistic. Gathering around the television this morning over a takeaway breakfast of tamaya (falafel) and fool (er... not sure any description can do this dish justice), there was palpable sense of pride as we watched the first session open.
Small businesses are disproportionately impacted by regulations, especially those that are unclear or overly restrictive.
Lauren – 89 (36.18%)
We have an OCCUPY event here locally as well - and a friend of mine worked it out so that local moms and dads could bring their kids to the demonstration and support the cause. Obviously with small children (most of us) are not willing to tent overnight in the park indefinitely or at all - but we have a scheduled time for all of us to meet and experience the movement with our children and show our support. Toad and I are taking Turtle-Love to the demonstration later today. I'm excited! My first demonstration/protest! I need to remember to pack snacks and water, the ergo and toys, and warm clothes to bundle us in. Maybe some onesies and t-shirts so we can get in on some activist fun!
Ty's 100th Day of School List:
Speaking to reporters after a speech in Chicago, Jeff Smisek, chief executive of the airline’s parent United Continental Holdings, said the company is planning to unveil some new offerings now that it has integrated its reservations system with that of its 2010 merger partner Continental Airlines. ”We also, of course, are expanding the ancillary products and services we will sell that customers will buy. We’ve held in abeyance a lot of that,” Smisek said, declining to say what the company planned to offer next. ”I’m not allowed to talk about it, but they’re going to be good and they’re going to be cool,” he said.
When Pearl Harbor broke out, life became chaos. It became survival. Dad was trapped in Angeles City where as his family in Lubao evacuated. It may have been months, maybe years. Most people were not mindful of counting how long the war will last then , but how soon it would be over. My dad’s family thought he was already dead. They lost track of him. It was very painful but each of them hope, that one day they will all be together.
5) We were going to tell you to not take this too seriously, but reconsidered it because we know full well that asking writers to write something means that they will take it seriously. So, take it seriously, but don't fret/panic/pass out/hyperventalate/lose sleep/run in fear over it.
Bring the water, quinoa, nutmeg, and ginger to a boil in a small pot. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 10 minutes. Then stir in the prunes and rice milk. Cover the pot again and cook for another five minutes.
So here are a few more glimpses from that day.
In my last entry, I described my long-held dream to go to Africa. This dream of mine is probably as synonymous with my identity as my U2 obsession and ridionculoso memory for random trivia. So when I cancelled my January 2012 plans to go out to Kenya last autumn – there was understandable confusion in the eyes of everyone around me.
Worship lays us bare. It must. Especially if the God we’re adoring truly knows us more intimately than we know ourselves.
and groovy embellishments too!
The bigger challenge is on Wagga’s main drag , Bayliss Street. Where to find a decent cup of coffee? Today I tried Cocolatte, the local chocolatier. I figured anyone who can make chocolate frogs that look this good will stand a good chance of making reasonable coffee.
Tamiki: Can we-
And then, everything was turned black…
Having a foster-brother really changed my understanding about what made a family. I’ve come to believe that a family isn’t just made of blood related people, but also of the people a family absorbs into their home and heart. I think over time even friends can become family. If you’ve been close with a friend for more than half your life, could you say they don’t know you better than your own family? Or love you just as much? How can you really define what makes a family?
I think my first love for black and white came from her
Traffic impacts: North Road between existing US 10 and the new alignment of US 10 is closed until approximately May 22. US 10 will remain open to one lane in each direction. Motorists should be alert for trucks crossing and slow moving vehicles.
"No-o-th-ing," came the unconvincing reply.
1865.
As per my usual want, I've saved up a stack of Barrington Stoke reviews to blast you with. The selection I recently received is superb. Some great titles from a lot of well known authors and as usual, the stories are well written and they make you want to sit down and re-read them again and discuss them with someone.
Wunder Under Crop (I'm planning to do yoga twice a week this summer, alternating with running. I bought these with a rainbow waistline!)
-Requiring regular interior through pedestrian routes, especially aligning to prevailing winds, to encourage wind harvesting
And he moved the fifth string from his harp crying out and saying: Great is our Lord, and greatly to be praised in the city of our God, in His holy mountain (Ps. 48:1).
But I want to cry more when I
Reflecting on this experience has posed several questions for me: What are my criteria? What do I value in my own work and in the work of others? What can be excised? What am I hiding from?
Capt. Walter Hynes, 46, Belle Harbor, N.Y.
strewn with rice krispies, and a good bit of peanut butter.
The flipside of stardom is how it all becomes a grinding monotony, how the business always takes the art away from you and how an artist ends up having to support a large and often parasitical corporation; people whose livelihoods rely on keeping the machine running, whether the muse has flown or not. It's an ugly, ugly business. "Evil" might not be too strong a word. And the drugs often become the artist's only escape from the devils.
She kept Pop Pop in line. All of the grandkids can attest to the fact that Mom Mom ran the house. Pop Pop pretended to sometimes, but we all knew the truth. She always kept him in line. I remember one time when we had stopped at the Maryland House to have dinner on our way back to Philadelphia, Pop Pop started choking on his sandwich and Mom Mom looked at him and said, “Britt, cut it out!”
But why this metaphysics over any other? This is where the Nietzschianism comes in. Deleuze desires a world which is ontologically flat because of the ethical implications thereof. An ethics of immanence.
When I meet new people through doing my posts here or on my FB profile page, some really strike a chord with me and when that happens, I generally like to share them on my Resources/Links page of this blog. So don’t forget to check them out too!
I concur, it is necessary to be able to break habits when needed. But isn't it just as good to know that our beloved habit is awaiting us right there, and that we can go back to it whenever we want?
My star, Calypso
Tending the holy, tending the holy.
Maybe we don't live in an economy where flaunting disposable income is condoned but sometimes you just see something that you know you'll regret if you don't dig deep and find the cash!!!...
“It don’t matter who you speak to, you can’t…”
I want to love my job. Life is too short to hate what you do. If you hate it, find something you love. Fortunately, I do love my job. And if you don't love your job, and can't leave it, make the most out of it! I want to always look for the positive. I want my coworkers to feel valued and respected by me.
So, bear with me. I'm here. I'm around. I'm not closing up shop here, not at all. But, for a while, it seems I will be "less".
by Alvina Lopez
You want my sales? I've got 40 different ebook titles currently selling. I'll have five more by the end of the year.
Even now I’m craving the crap in my car.
These shots of the umbrellas were also taken with the Nikkor 50mm lens.
(ii) “Notwithstanding the medical pathogenesis of ME/CFS, the (bio)psychosocial model is adopted by many governmental organizations and medical professionals to legitimize the combination of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) and Graded Exercise Therapy (GET) for ME/CFS…. Justified by this model CBT and GET aim at eliminating presumed psychogenic and socially induced maintaining factors and reversing deconditioning, respectively. In this review we invalidate the (bio)psychosocial model for ME/CFS and demonstrate that the success claim for CBT/GET to treat ME/CFS is unjust. CBT/ GET is not only hardly more effective than non-interventions or standard medical care, but many patients report that the therapy had affected them adversely, the majority of them even reporting substantial deterioration…. We conclude that it is unethical to treat patients with ME/CFS with ineffective, non-evidence-based and potentially harmful ‘rehabilitation therapies’ such as CBT/GET” (A Review on Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) and Graded Exercise Therapy (GET) in Myalgic Encephalomyelitis (ME) / Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS). Neuroendocrinol Lett 2009:30(3):284-299)
If you are unsure admit that too. Don’t be afraid to ask for help. No man is an island unto himself and often it’s our pride that causes us to make up excuses why we’d rather not ask someone for help. Many women in the body of Christ are afraid to ask their sisters in Christ for a helping hand. Often times we put up facades that make us seem unassuming or simply too busy to care or offer help. God is NOT pleased when sisters are so often opposed to providing support or being supported. Allowing your weaknesses to be seen by someone other than your spouse is really okay. If we can’t love, support and trust those in the household of faith, than who can we trust?
The feeling for me was wow I don't have to answer to anyone, I can come and go as I want, O.M.G! Okay I prolly didn't say OMG I prolly said something like "KICK ASS" it was 1989 after all, texting lingo wouldn't be invented for another 8-10 or so years.
Or does she kinda look like a dude?
Another 'just for fun' card to share today, and another one of my new LOTV purchases. This time it is a cute bear couple which is just so adorable.
The graph above might actually exaggerate the decline. I was interested to see, upon studying the ISD data, that the smoking ban coincided with (I shall not say caused as I am not a charlatan) a large increase in number of expectant mothers for whom no information on smoking status was available. In other words, more pregnant women are refusing to tell the NHS whether or not they smoke.
1.A copy of your driver's license or international passport.
The discussion starter for the evening was "what is unschooling to you? what is it not?"...and it progressed nicely into discussion of all topics that people needed to touch on!! The lending library I've put together was a big hit, too :)
Doing Laundry
The advantage of this is that he generally included vocabulary lists and comments on the poems he sent to her (her German was far from fluent) - sometimes complete literal French versions - which gives one a kind of authorial double-focus on each of the poems: very useful in the case of a poet so famously "difficult" as Celan.
Captain Kate
I chose a traditional palette of gold, ivory and beige for the event. The association provided the food and location so I incorporated a navy blue as the one pop of color to coordinate with the linens that were donated. Here are a few photos of the details I put together for her birthday.
Off he went.
The IP-related issues surrounding arterolane remain unclear. In a conversation with Jonathan Vennerstrom, who led the study that was published in Nature, I was told that MMV owns the patent for arterolane (see here and here). By 2007, given that MMV had lost interest in arterolane might mean that it licensed the molecule to Ranbaxy at a low price.
I am over our obsession with food. Can there be more interest in art please?
Jóhannes Ólafsson (Jói), drums: We drew it together.
After taking critics to task in the last answer, the ones I admire (even though I don’t always agree with them) are Maureen Ryan at the Huffington Post, Alan Sepinwall at HitFix, Ken Tucker at ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY, Aaron Barnhart at KansasCity.com, Phil Rosenthal at the Chicago Tribune, Matt Roush at USA Today, and the always hilarious Melanie McFarland at AOL TV.
My mother-in-law introduced me to this recipe many years ago and it has become a must for me at all turkey and dressing meals. I do omit the pecans as we have allergy issues with nuts! This exact recipe is also from a former church member. Church folks sure know how to cook!!
WESTONAREA: Four teenagers threatened with knifes, assaulted and robbed. Police not interested in case.
The last 5 years have altered everything; our wants and needs, our goals and focus, our dreams. They have strengthened and weakened bonds, they have broken bonds. I have felt joy, guilt, completed, undone, unraveled, ashamed, free, bound, afraid and then fearlessly able. I have never felt more myself and more questioning of what that Self actually is, what she is to be, become.
Allow custard to cool slighty then stir in cream and vanilla.
Still confused? Here’s the logline for my SF project:
Which of these self-defeating behaviors hold you back?
“Next day her eyes started to move rapidly from side to side like nystagmus and her body lost blood without any reason and she needed a blood transfusion of 500ml. She got very sick and my poor baby almost died, BUT then it was like an invisible voice and guidance that led me to the possibility that this illness of hers was very likely from the jabs, so I started to think back and everything became clear to me, namely that her symptoms were the serious side-effects of vaccinations!”
I do think though that it looks a lot better when viewing from afar as when your right on top of it you can not make out any of the detail, it wasn't till i took a photo that i noticed the flower in her hair.
I currently have six nieces: (in age order) Lara (5), Lilli (5), Vivi(3), Gracie(3), Kaelyn(2), and Mariella (10mths). I would like to share with you what they have taught me over the years.
Peace Corps is defined by a strange dichotomy. Freedom and containment. I wake up every day with a blank slate. I can do anything. I can do nothing. And while the possibilities are only limited by my own imagination, the ability to do as I please is corrupted by a number of social, political, and cultural practices.
Name: Viamarie
The main reason, however, for no one waking Mesdan up would have to be this: Mesdan is the oldest man in the village.
i ain’t sober, i dont mix with coca cola, or solder
Years ago, my daughter came to me crying because a friend told her that she had given a stupid name to her doll. ”Why did you say that and hurt her feelings?” I asked the friend, who answered, ”Because I really believe that Kimie is a stupid name for a doll.” Honest, perhaps, but certainly lacking in respect.
The easiest teachers to think about are of course the ones associated with public schools. I was fortunate to have a high proportion of really good teachers. Being involved in the arts and excelerated classes probably helped. But if I had to pick just one it would have to be Miss Suzanne Kelly. She taught English when I was in 7th grade. She told me that if I could use a dictionary and learn to type it wouldn’t matter that my spelling was bad and my handwriting illegible. Best advice I’ve ever gotten.
It slips into the kitchen where I’m chopping meat,
Then we had these psychotic characters:
-Cena taunts Brock but ends up in another arm lock on top of the steel steps.
The artwork for Drake’s highly anticipated second album was released on his blog earlier along with a rather deep message to his fans.
JS - One final word…
At 4 a.m. I woke with a sharp contraction. I resisted the urge to get excited. Braxton Hicks and I were old buddies. I had another at 4:30. I fell back asleep until 4:50....I laid there trying to let my husband sleep. The tightening was there again at 5:10, 5:30, 5:50...pretty soon Finn woke and we got started with our day. I casually mentioned the contractions to The Spouse. He didn't get too excited...the Dr. had said I was "tight as a drum" at our appointment the Friday before. I showered....and I had a huge contraction....the white of the tub surround in our old house is burned into my memory as I tried to pick a focal point so I could breathe through the contraction. It happened again while I was making breakfast! At that point we called into work...we wouldn't be in. We were going to go to the Doctor just to see what was up. I called in and got my Dr....she was in, she'd see us when we got there.
The banking cartel is only “pro-Israel” because they need Israel to scare the Arab world in continuing to sell their oil in US dollars. The bankers don’t care about the Israeli people. They only care about Israel’s military and strategic location. The Israeli people have been duped by their government just like the American people have been duped by their government. I don’t think the bankers care about the Israeli people or about the land itself. They only care about maintaining and preserving their paper money system and they needed a strong militarized nation in that region to do so.
a calming
When you are self-absorbed, let me teach you to think of greater things.
«–» that a gov’t “Rogue Agency” ~should? afterall- have
All these liberal freedom fighters: you cannot threaten or steel respect. Respect is something you have to earn. So how about learn to have respect towards your own self. That will be a good start.
Right I am off to see if I can learn about myself in the British newspaper “The Daily Mirror”.
All of the food groups just about and it's so fresh and clean
And now to do my duty to accept this award :-)
She also talks about the lack of independent reporting, and how the consolidation of media companies is quickly eliminating a diversity of viewpoints. This leads to tunnel vision or "group-think" in American news reporting, where everyone in the industry is trying to report the same thing and seem eager to report the government view rather than engaging in real reporting and challenging such information. This is what reporting is supposed to be about, but sadly, this is not what is happening in the U.S. right now. This has basically led to a State Run media system in the United States.
Nuclear waste experts say it would expose the fact that the same design flaw lies in wait — and has been for decades — at dozens of U.S. nuclear facilities. And that’s not something the NRC, which is routinely accused of promoting the nuclear industry rather than adequately regulating it, nor the pro-nuclear Obama administration, want to broadcast to the American public.
And I felt very dear.
There was a time when farmers would use goats to calm down dairy cows. They have also been used at times to calm down race horses.
Hopefully this will be as good as some of the previous offerings from this site such as Dream Come True: The Sky People Trilogy Book One, Love Means … No Shame and the classic Oh Werewolf, My Master. If the cover art is any indication this is gonna be some good reading!
They full well know I attract wounded puppies. They know I patch them up, feed them, scratch their tummies, and allow them to chew the furniture and chew my heart up in the meantime. The last one I married, and I dang near lost my sanity in that process.
BMW - Big Money Waste
The primary goal of diabetics is to stabilize their blood glucose level. Many diabetics find this very hard to do alone, so they need medication to help them. The consequences of leaving diabetes to continue uncontrolled are dire, yet many people do not want to take medication for the rest of their lives. The purpose of this article is to show diabetics and those at risk of diabetes, how to avoid medication as a diabetic, yet still live long, healthy lives.
NT: I guess the Jeffrey Archer investigation was the most worthy as it exposed his perjury, made him stand down as a candidate for London Mayor and sent him to jail. But in terms of circulation, it would have to be the David Beckham scoop which put on hundreds of thousands of sales and went right around the world.
There are apparently two more books in the Grey series. But I think I'll pass thanks. If you've read it, do drop me a line to let me know what you thought. I'd be interested to hear!
#31 1972 Danny Ayub EP Coronado 120 Yard Hurdles 14.0
Dear Knife-Made-By-Zach,
Had a strange dream last night (not that it's that uncommon from other nights): I was starring in a Doris Day movie. In the dream, I knew I was in a movie, playing the part Doris played...of course, on waking, I don't know of any play she was in that had her being pelted with dead fish, Rock Hudson yelling at the teenagers, "Why are you throwing fish at an old lady?" and being more insulted by the "old lady" remark than by the fish! If you know this movie, please let me know. :-)
The AAP and the CDC refuse to believe this is true, even though children around the world are recovering from that very treatment. Why would companies, such as these absolutely refuse to believe any evidence indicating that sick children are being treated?
I'll follow-up with a Part Two/Day Two wrap-up later this week.
what is it that makes us need to box things up?
Here are just a couple of photos of this year's garden. My perennials are popping up like gangbusters. Everywhere I turn I see the tips of my hostas poking through, my hydrangea's tips are swelling up and leafing out. My ground cover is beginning to spread and the earthworms, well, they are fast, sassy and plentiful. My compost bin kept them warm, cozy and well fed during the winter and now they are ready to go to work fortifying my soil.
2to proclaim the year of the LORD’s favor
The procession started with word of prayer by Bishop Rajendra B Lal. He appealed to the people to learn from the life of Jesus Christ who forgave even his enemies. Director of administration Dr Vinod B Lal and Registrar of SHIATS Prof Dr AKA Lawrence gave their contribution in route arrangement of the procession while SHIATS pro-V-C Prof SB Lal convened the procession.
Feb 28 Model ASEAN Summit opens
who, when you lock eyes with them,
The project is quite enjoyable and will definitely improve your photojournalistic skills. During the process you might just gain a new appreciation for those around you and enrich your everyday experience . You may even gain a few new friends along the way.
Close your beautiful eyes ,
I was informed about this kit after seeing a couple of videos making the kit and later tasting it. I was impressed by the little bit of extra hops that they supplied and it fed my urges to have more control over my batches. The kit also came highly recommended from several sources so I decided to give it a shot after seeing it stocked in my local home-brew store.
around. I don't do too much framing, but
Jesus has a very special love for you. As for me, the silence and the emptiness is so great that I look and do not see, listen and do not hear.
Now here are my takes on the Steampunk release:
Goodnight!
Homicide detective Nick Burkhardt discovers his heritage of the Grimm bloodline, ancient peace-keepers between humanity and the supernaturals of the world!
E. E. Kellett – The New Frankenstein
9) Employee engagement MUST be seen as strategic, better resourced and much more rigorous (GE has gone from 2 to 9 people in this area in recent years) Know your culture...do an audit.
On the very night of our Savior’s birth, Luke, a physician turned historian, records that, “there were some shepherds out in the fields keeping watch over their flock by night” (Luke 2:8). Possessing gnarled and scared hands and countenancing weather-beaten faces, these ordinary men worked the grave-yard shift protecting their sheep, some of which were probably marked to be eventually sacrificed at the temple six miles distant. With slings, crooked staffs, and studded clubs, these men risked their lives to protect their sheep from predatory animals and criminal rustlers. Unbeknownst to them, one particular night was a holy night. The sheep were resting comfortably. The only sound that penetrated the quiet night was an occasional “baaaa!” of a sheep. Whether standing or sitting, these nameless shepherds breathed in the crisp night air as they fought off sleep’s beckoning call. It was a night like many others until . . . .
The nature of the Saturday lineup is, in other words, peculiarly British. And it extends from the fact that Britain only has a handful of terrestrial channels. And unlike American TV, there was the BBC, which was notable for not being fragmented into regional variations in the same way that ITV was. In other words, there was a channel that was consistent across the country and was one of only a handful of things that could be watched. So television, in the UK, was a unifying experience. The country sat down to watch. And Doctor Who was a part of one of the biggest lineups in the UK - the Saturday teatime one. For all that we’ve talked about Doctor Who fandom over eighteen seasons here we mustn’t forget the fact that through these eighteen years Doctor Who simply was not a science fiction show in the sense that we usually use the term. It may have had science fiction fans, but it was unambiguously and completely mass entertainment for the entire country.
Jacket (RW & Co., consignment), blouse (Smoking Lily), skirt (Gianfranco Ferre, vintage 80s, thrifted), belt (Smoking Lily, consignment), shoes (Marina Luna, consignment), bracelet (Club Monaco), earrings (Plum)
3-Toys R Us (again, never asked for anything, just a 1 1/2 hr tour of the store)
1/8 tsp ground cloves
But for now, I plan to enjoy the warm glow that comes from having finished a solid first draft.
Table Work:
It’s great to know what is working from the past year’s marketing plan. One of the easiest ways to do this is to simply ask how you’re doing. Seems simple, right? That’s because it is. You can conduct surveys online, make phone calls or even ask customers in-person.
In addition to a notable age gap, with more preterm babies born to women younger than 17 and older than 40, there is also a racial gap in the US, according to Christopher Howson, a co-editor of the report.
I hope that you have a day full of way too much food, ridiculous christmas-cracker jokes, an early morning and a late night, family screaming around the house and a christmas tree glittering.
The Design Team is showcasing MEMORY BOX products this week. Its not mandatory to join in but if you have them, why not pull them out & use them?!?! Simon Says has an amazing selection of Memory Box products - papers, dies, stamps.........WOW!!!
Raigan wasn't really impressed with Riley's win though because she somehow slept through the majority of the competition. I was pretty impressed because the cheer music was very loud and overpowering, but I guess waking up at 5am for cheerleading isn't for her.
(Version 1.2.5)
She set her mobile dutifully to ‘silent’ and trotted out to tread the sticky pavements with her paramour, mindful of the damp in the air, the frizz it would make of her hair, “To catch a husband is an art; to hold him is a job,” she told herself for the look on his face, determined beneath the erroneously jaunty angle of the beret, was enough to prompt her to a wiser silence.
 Think local first when seeking out a business to meet my shopping needs for goods or services.
Additionally, the Karaites employed some Hebrew diacritics in their Arabic to signify phonemes that do no exist in Arabic, like Hebrew vowels, and the rafe sign over the Arabic bah. But this is of importance to the cultural historian, too: why did Rabbinites use only Hebrew script, and Karaites Arabic? Was it an economic divide, or an ideological one? Tirosh-Becker discusses some previous research cursorily, but essentially leaves the field for others to till. She makes that work easier, too: a description of all the manuscripts employed is appended to vol. 1 (chapter 14), and it allows for a survey of material where interesting discussions of rabbinic material might show up. More such discussions abound – the chapters on nikkud (10) and cantillation marks (9) are fascinating as well. Tirosh-Becker also identifies errors that testify both to the oral recitation of the texts, as well as some errors that clearly point to a written provenance of the same texts (I wonder if Karaites stopped copying from the rabbinic texts themselves at some point and started copying from each other; we do know that many rabbinic texts were owned by the Karaite synagogue in Cairo – but the fake barayta was copied over and over as well).
they’re just a mouthful
“Hi. My name is Pearl and I’m 10 years old and I’m selling candles and cards and cute little salt and pepper shakers because I want to buy a bike. Would you like to see a catalog?”
When I was a boy my dad had a book called: Eloquence in Public Speaking: How To Set Your Words On Fire by Kenneth McFarland. It was about how to put sparks in human hearts and it helped to create in me the desire to be a great speaker.
5. An asteroid wiped out every single dinosaur in the world, but not a single species of toad or salamander was affected. No one knows why, nor why the crocodiles and tortoises survived.
One can blame the parents, many of which are from single family homes, work several jobs, and have little to no communication with the child, let alone the schools. Is that fair? Hardly, parents, no matter the socio-economic background, no matter the race, creed or religion, do their utmost to protect their children and yet, when a child reaches a certain age, they are bound to become independent of the family unit, and it matters not that parents instill curfews, or suspend privileges, or move across the country (not something that can be done in this economy. – No matter where a parent goes to protect their child, that child will choose his or her own friends, and those friends, and the society that glorifies violence, through movies, and muses, is not match for the sound advice of a mother or father.
Theology has a tendency to run to modes just as does philosophy. The Christian teachers of the Middle Ages bore down hard upon the vanity of life and the innate wickedness of the body. In the early days of America the prevailing doctrine was hell, and the popular preachers of those times revealed more details about that terrible place than were known to the inspired writers of the Scriptures. In more recent times it was discovered again that God is love, and the love of God for mankind became the chief theme of sermons and song throughout the evangelical world.
When you take the perennial meditative journey to the depths of your own self, you discover what it was like before the beginning.
6. Don’t boot players…. If you want a private match, put a password on it
PETA’s Sexism Indirectly Reinforces Speciesism
My dress? Oh the dress went GREAT with the hair. It was a poofy pink strapless net and lace HOOPED affair. A hooped dress with butch dyke hair? Oh man. Every time I sat down my dress swooped up and popped me in the face. I had to stuff it between my legs and hold tight or it would just attack me again. Everyone and I do mean EVERYONE was treated to an impromptu view of my underwear at some point in that night. And the dress tore, so I had to safety pin it up at the shoulder.
With so many books fighting all year long for attention, publishers could really use two more months to space out their promotional efforts, rather than having to spend the end of the year focused on “the best.” But what if Christmas keeps on creeping earlier and earlier? Will the window for new book promotion shrink even further, to the point where publishers can only effectively market a few books a year? Or will people start getting skeptical of “best-of-the-year” lists that cover only 10 months or less, especially if there are fewer books to consider? Better yet, could books actually lead the way in reversing the Creep? To me, that would be the best Christmas present of all!
Birdbath
Harassment and retaliation by the government increased, many where sent prison or murdered while incarcerated. Despite being protected by his military personnel the army general who acquired the original 1933 Title of Bankruptcy of the United States; was imprisoned, killed, and replaced with a clone. This clone was then used as a decoy to prevent any further claims from being filed.
The good news is, we will have to paint it, and I need to pick out a color. That will prevent me from spending tonight locating, organizing, sorting, and finding spots for all my crafties. That project really does not need to be distracting me from the reading and writing that has to get done by Thursday. THURSDAY!
In Charlottesville, a good friend of mine began to go to McDonalds a few times a week and just sit and study and drink coffee. He took with him some pens, candy and church promotional materials and handed them out to people he would have conversations with. He shared a story with me of how a little boy was upset and stomping his feet, he looked at him and said, “Hey Man, what’s the matter? Give me five.” The boy gives him a high five, and the pastor gave him some candy. The mom was so moved by the kind gesture that she talked with the pastor and the conversation led to her asking where his church was. Turns out she lived not far from where the church was located, and she committed to stop by sometime. The following Sunday her family of 6 came to the church.
The last card – a Thank You Card – has been made using the new Square Decorative Frame Borders and the Just A Note set. The base is Very Vanilla, light pink bazzill, dark pink bazzill and then some more paper from MME Whirlybird range. The next panel is more Whirlybird paper cut with the Mega Curved Rectangle Nestabilities. The sentiment is made of the Just A Note (centre) stamped in Old Olive and the Square Decorative Frame Borders (Border) in Regal Rose. Originally I was going to cut it out with the square nestabilites until I saw how perfectly it fit inside the Label 1 Nestabilities!! Then I was delighted to discover that the Fancy Tags die cut fit perfectly under that!!! I added some thin ivory satin ribbon through the tag and popped the sentiment panel up on foam tape and finished by adding Kaisercraft Blush Pearls to the corners and each side of the tag.
And talking of BAFTA, BBC Sherlock has been nominated for the YouTube Audience Award again this year. Last year the show tragically missed out to The Only Way is Essex, so if you are a fan please, please vote to ensure such an injustice doesn’t happen again – (you can only vote if you are in the UK) www.youtube.com/user/baftaonline/bafta
home-the kitchen. Kitchen remodels are the smartest investment you can
Wondered why the heart can burn,
I have had such mixed thoughts this morning. I feel anxious and just blah. I wish , want and need something to help Philip. I read stories of people who have medical issues. My heart hurts for them. And my heart just ACHES for Philip. I know I keep saying this ...but he is my son.
And then on Friday, I finally found a shirt to go with all of my highlighter yellow accessories I have acquired thus far. Oh yeah, I am blindingly sexy in this one. Emphasis on the “blindingly” part.
“Though my father and mother forsake me, the LORD will receive me” (Ps 27:10).
See, that's what hockey does to me. All that male prowess on skates...gives this girl kerwollops!
The Spring weather inspired me to try some new recipes for the grill. My husband got out the deck furniture early and we enjoyed several nights outside, with our little one happily gobbling her dinner while she looked for "tweet-tweets". These kabobs are easy and pretty inexpensive for a beef dinner, since you use a cut of London Broil. I used a piece of meat that was about 1 3/4 pounds and we got two full meals from it. I served it with potato salad and crusty bread the first night and roasted potatoes and grilled asparagus the second...
My dear friend, Lesly, is in Hawaii with Steve (her husband) and Holly (her 27-year-old daughter). Holly suffered a stroke on Monday. She is in an ICU. The doctors still do not know what caused the stroke. Holly is very healthy and fit. Please pray that she recovers quickly, that doctors can pinpoint and address the cause, and that all three of them can remain calm and steady and feel peace in the midst of this. Please pray for Lesly's other daughter, Stephanie, as well. She is @ 5 months pregnant and is very close to Holly. Lesly is concerned about the toll that this may take on Stephanie.
I pre-wash all the fabric I use so to ensure no shrinkage.
13-American Leather
The tour then continued through the city through Christchurch, past St. Patrick’s Cathedral, past the Guinness brewery and storehouse and past the Museum of Modern Art, another place Sherri and I want to get back to visit. The tour then takes you past the Kilmainham Gaol (jail to you and I.) This Gaol was built in 1791 and it’s the place where many Irish freedom fighters met their fates. It’s also where some of the participants in the 1916 Easter Rising were taken for execution after they occupied the G.P.O.
...Obamacare’s cuts to MA would severely reduce the quality of the program and force enrollees back into traditional Medicare... "Phased in between 2012 and 2017, the MA cuts will substantially restrict the ability of Medicare beneficiaries to choose the health plans that best meet their needs and will result in substantial reductions in coverage for many millions of seniors and disabled Americans." Medicare’s Office of the Actuary predicts a 50 percent drop in enrollment by 2017.
But oh, this was great. Anyone else? We seem to have gone oddly quiet...
Today I brewed what I hope will be a very interesting beer: a saison with 100% Pilsner malt and 100% Northern Brewer hops. I have never tried these hops exclusively in a beer, in fact I've hardly used them at all. But more on that beer later when I get time to post the recipe. For now I'd like to catch up on a couple things that I've been doing to other beers.
Seeing him in the NICU and telling the nurses to keep an eye on him because I didn't like the way he looked. Walking back to my room and then the nurse came in and told me that there was a problem with him. She already called Tony to come down to the hospital. I cried so hard. Rushing back into the NICU seeing the doctors and nurses working on him. Ordering blood transfusion after blood transfusion. Sitting in chairs 20 ft away, unable to do anything but watch and pray. I wanted to throw up, cry, run out of there...anything to not face what was happening. the nurses handing me tissues and water. Just sitting there with Tony. It was three hours...three hours, maybe even longer. I knew in my heart that God wanted him to come home. I just knew it. But I just couldn't believe that my worst nightmare was happening. HOW could it be happening? When the doctors told us that there was nothing more they could do, we cried and cried. He was still alive, do something...anything...dont let my baby die!!!!
The career carnival, which began in March, offered 85,000 jobs opportunities and 24,000 have been filled, to date.
“Beats me Lou. But I don’t mind saying I wish I’d been invited.” They both stood in silence as the paramedics rolled the body by on the stretcher. Her unseeing eyes lay staring at the ceiling, the events of the night evident on her thighs. Joe spoke again. “T.O.D. is approximately two hours ago. Levitity hasn’t set in yet. No signs of violence on the body. There’s no reason to suspect foul play.”
this is one of the easiest hair styles as it can be incorporated into any of the other styles, its like an accessory style or a top up style or a transition style. i say its easy becase if you walk into any clothing and/or accessory store you will find a braided head band and tadaaa you have a braided hairstyle right in your hands. i would recommend this to students of all ages.. especially during assessment/exam season.
Me: Why do we need all these boxes?
AG: Actually, it’s the easiest thing to explain, because in quantum physics, as I said earlier, objects are not seen as definite things, as we are used to seeing them. Newton taught us that objects are definite things, they can be seen all the time, moving in definite trajectories. Quantum physics doesn’t depict objects that way at all.In quantum physics, objects are seen as possibilities, possibility waves. Right? So then the question arises, what converts possibility into actuality?Because, when we see, we only see actual events. That’s starting with us. When you see a chair, you see an actual chair, you don’t see a possible chair.
Apply a bit of “in your shoes, but for the grace of God” and wake up to the real story…and the punchline is the real story is not about “humanitarian’ disaster relief or so-called “looters”, it’s about politics and capitalism.
“Which of you had more fun at the concert?”
First, “Macro-evolution purports that nothing made everything. Sometimes this claim goes by the term spontaneous generation. Essentially, no-thing causes every-thing to spring into existence, although this is not considered a miracle because there is no God.” He quotes Francis Collins in his book, again, saying, “I can’t imagine how nature, in this case the universe, could have created itself. And the very fact that the universe had a beginning implies that someone was able to begin it. And it seems to me that had to be outside of nature.”
This product has been designed to reward you, our loyal customer, who has helped us Grow to the size we are today. Thanks to your loyal support we are able to give you something back. By sub-scribing to Grow for Life your Cap will Grow every day for life! So as our company Grows, so will your Cap.
Fighting against myself.
If you legitly think this is the most epic post to ever have this much #SWAG then totes magotes comment!
PAN-FRIED OYSTER PO’ BOYS (FULLY DRESSED)
We are bringing a limited selection of some of our fabulous stallholders and will be selling them in the You Me and Everyone We Know Market.
Even nicer as this particular bar is Joe's and Joe, knows good beer. We have all the Belgian biggies and a spot of Hofbrau too... Granted in comparison to the, very good, Saigon beer it's a bit pricey but hey what's £2 when a lobster costs you £4?
Please check into the comment section and let us know you've arrived, and who might be accompanying you. If you would like us to visit your blog, to fully appreciate your lovely attire and date, make sure you sign into the Mr. Linky widget provided at the end of this post.
Despite the fact that the case of HMA v Sheridan has, for now, formally concluded, I think it is highly likely that we will still be reading and hearing about it for years to come, as long as Mr Sheridan has the stomach for the fight, as I am sure he has.
This song was one that I remember Tom Petty playing the night of 9/11; I tend to associate it with that since.
638 D-I/11/1973. “On Being Both Conservative and Sensible.” River Forest Service Club, River Forest, Illinois.
in me nothing is extinguished or forgotten,
April 20, 2012: In the north, Boko Haram killed seven people in several attacks during the last 24 hours.
Last year, my son started Kindergarten at a school with a strict dress code. I dutifully ordered ties from the school uniform store and after a couple of months of school realized they were not working. The kids ties were too long. I remembered my great aunt making ties for my brother back in the seventies and her saying that they were easy to make. So, I started making ties for my son that were scaled to his size. After my first few, I realized I could take apart ties from the thrift store and recut them for him and we were on our way. He now has tons of adorable ties to wear and I get complements on them all the time. To that end I will post my tie patterns. They are in PDF format and will only cost a few dollars to get them printed at your local print shop on a wide format printer. No scaling up from a small picture needed!
All I knew was, the house had three bedrooms and two toilets. When we arrived, we were greeted by a charming little cottage set in an orchard, with views of farmland and sweeping hills, a wood fire, and clean, warm beds. The kids had so much space to run, they did backflips. Daisy pottered around the garden, Mum and I had endless cups of tea on the verandah, and Christian...well....he relaxed. Finally.
*Now if you are wondering about the "freezes beautifully" title. I have started preparing double amounts of food in preparation for my maternity leave (eat half now/ freeze the rest for later). So far I have made 3 dishes, but only 2 have made it to the freezer, the third was eaten before it got there. Oops! So, do you have any favorite dishes that "freeze beautifully"? We are open to anything, casserole, pasta whatever... we don't discriminate.
Aww. What a nice support tech. And look what happens when everybody works together: problem cited, alerted, passed to the appropriate people, and fixed. Yay! I suppose some might call it a stretch to say there was a time for this purpose . . . but maybe there was.
Through a gap in the bulwark, a path winds its way downhill to another conjunction of tracks and a pleasant surprise – a Millennium Pinetum planted in the year 2000. Conifers are often berated for their lack of ornament, but the collection here shows this to be untrue. A staggeringly wide range of colours and textures: dense dark green English yew; softly drooping jade-needled Bhutan pine; feathery purple-green Japanese cedar; the steely-blues of Atlas cedar and numerous stiffly-whorled species of spruce and fir; bottle-green hemlock and Chinese plum-yew; upright and erect teal-coloured juniper; and, proving that not all conifers are evergreen, bright buttery-yellow larch and dazzling orange-pink swamp cypress.
Unemployment is at its lowest levels on record, and standards of living have improved markedly. Over the year, family consumption expanded by 4.1 percent and government consumption by 1.9 percent.
2. Use your money.
Any reference to genocide, in the South African context, should thus rightly be called, “The South African Genocide of Europeans”. Overdramatic emphasis on the term “Boer Genocide” and the statistics associated with it, is not only confusing the whole issue, but it is also, to a certain degree, obscuring the full-blown enormity of the Genocide currently taking place. This was one of the reasons why I removed the graphic stats on this blog pertaining to the number of victims of the South African Genocide, as it does not reflect the true figures.
First, let us look at Salvatore’s orcs.
Here is my first one. Do not ask me what is up with that bone. I have no idea. But the girl was just too cute, so I figured what the hey, I can deal with the fact that she's holding a club made out of a giant bone.
Come on along with me as we walk through Funky Town to window shop a few of my own favorite things!
He then produced a robin redbreast bird (don’t ask) which he talked to, then unzipped the flies of his trousers and partially inserted the bird, head first. He turned his back on the audience and climaxed his show by being sucked-off by the robin redbreast.
Even though at least half the songs are covers (albeit great ones), his own voice comes through. All you hear is one man talking to you about how life has been for him. Magic.
“If you will live like no one else, later you can live like no one else.”
This was Ronald Lewis' first starring role in a Hammer movie. He would later also feature in Taste of Fear and The Brigand of Kandahar. None of those parts would ultimately set the world on fire but in Stop Me Before I Kill! he has the notable honour of arguably playing the rudest and most obnoxious leading man ever filmed in a Hammer production.
REP. BARNEY FRANK denounced Mankiw, saying he had no “concern about housing.” How dare you oppose suicidal loans to people who can’t repay them! The New York Times reported that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were “under heavy assault by the Republicans,” but these entities still had “important political allies” in the Democrats.
I will be darned if he didn't just read my e-mail, but he read my blog and e-mailed me his thoughts! While it is always exciting to hear from a writer that I appreciate, it is truly awesome to get a note from Don Reid. As I mentioned in my review, he is also a member of the LEGENDARY country group, The Statler Brothers. So I am well and truly starstruck.
Kicker Warhorse WX10000.1 – 10,000 watts RMS, Class D Monoblock Amplifier 07WX10000.1
Then he stops. "Now, you know you're getting Gepetto to end this. You're going to count, 'One, I will not procrastinate. Two, I will not procrastinate.' Got it?"
BP Marty Markowitz said Downtown Brooklyn is transforming into a "24-7 city" — and a college town to boot.
1/4 cup potato flour
And hypocritical ways
Being BS4 is the most obvious advantage they will be hitting most targets at short range on a 3+, but this by itself isn't that special compared to most other archers. What does make them superior is the ability to move and shoot without any penalty meaning you essentially have a 35" range and even at that range you are still hitting on 4+ when most armies will be hitting on 5-6+ after moving. Finally, at short range you become very deadly indeed coming in with S4 shots hitting on 3+. And all this for 1 point more than the High Elf equivalent...you cant complain with those results!
Summary (from Amazon): Elsa grew up listening to her father's tales of a witch who nearly destroyed her home town. As strange occurrences start happening again, Elsa, Mama and Father are moved to a new home. The Man in Red says Elsa is sick and as she tries to get better she can't help thinking that Mama's temper, Father's fear and their moving are somehow all her fault.
I added some bead work while stitching, and then some hand-sawn flower motifs in brass, and finally some silver shade Swarovski crystals. The covers are black book cloth, and I've used some green Victorian-patterned paper inside. This was fun! :D
For God so loved – God hates the sin, but loves the sinner.” A parent may love his child and desire his welfare, and yet be strongly opposed to the conduct of that child. The world refers to all humanity. This does not mean any particular sect, creed, religion or race, but to every man and woman created by Him, part of the human race that had rebelled and that deserved to die.
Thanks for dropping by - now go and stamp!
I consider picture books an important way of not only teaching a child to read and enjoy books, but also a way to let them appreciate art. Picture book illustrators demonstrate such diverse styles it’s a wonderful way for children to explore drawings, paintings, collage. To explore creativity in several ways.
Once I ran to you (I ran) now I'll run from you
DROPBOX: file storage and transfer to iPad. This is a free app that connects with your Dropbox account where you can drop files and then have them open up in the different programs on the iPad. Click here for more information about this app.
“Some people have an idea, but they just shrug it off – they miss their opportunity for greatness. Ideas potentiate you for greatness. Once you commit to an idea, it turns itself into a ‘parasite’ – an interesting one by the way. Once you become a believer in the idea, every difficult encountered facilitates your faith.”
There was the heart of the photographer inside.
As a result of being toadied to like this, Caligula got careless. He allowed himself to be separated from his German goon squad and was hacked to death outside the amphitheatre.
I've been attracting to purple shades lately: lavender, fuschia, periwinkle, silvery pink. To me, the purple pallette looks and feels like... fairy. Yes. Fairies. Like Flower Fairies, those sweet, tiny, elusive magical creatures you used to read about in Hans Christian Andersen's children stories. The ones who live in the garden, inside of flowers and mushrooms and have dainty wings and ride on butterflies. I'm no fairy (of course!) but I can feel fairy-like wearing this fairy-color flower necklace.
All of these people are completely unaffected by the nonsense Tory “immigration cap” which only applies to non-EU nationals.
Favorite Website- Netflix
I probably spent less than $25.
Row 10- ch1, sc in each sc around. (83)
Cards.
The word for temptation (or, trials) in James 1:2, 12 is the same basic Greek word translated tempted in James 1:13, 14. The noun form (peirasmos) is used in verses 2 and 12 and the verb form (peirazo) is used in verse 13 and 14 . Even though trials and temptations seem very different in our English language, they are actually translations of the same Greek word.
“Okay,” she said hopefully before strutting away, intentionally swinging her hips in a clumsy attempt to appear sexy.
So why the heck would I put a burger with the word spicy in the title on our menu? Who knows :) Truthfully, I scanned the ingredient list and realized that the heat in the burgers came only from poblano chiles, and my (admittedly limited) experience with them has been that they're pretty mild (even by my standards). The sauce does contain chipotle peppers, but I figured there was probably enough sour cream to balance the heat there. I was itching to grill something - I just love the easy clean-up of a meal made entirely outside! Plus, Shane really likes spicy foods, and since I rarely make them for him, I decided to take a chance on these burgers.
So if you are a new reader and fellow bride-to-be, or if you’re one of the many international visitors who stumble across my humble blog when searching for something a little more obscure (‘fringe porn’ remains the highest ranking search term for this blog, you filthy buggers- read on for clarification), or if you’ve been compelled to visit today for whatever reason… WELCOME.
This is not a vis-à-vis comparison between how people deal with death in the UK and Cuba. Nor is it a statement declaring a preference for a tradition over the other. It's rather a mere adumbration, an impressionistic sketching, if you like, of what happens when we give back our life. Today's reflection is full of short brush strokes of bright colours that juxtapose each other creating an odd image. One that is full of light, but also of darkness. Because as one of the greatest singers in the Spanish language, Joan Manuel Serrat, said once: "La vida te la dan/pero no te la regalan/La vida se paga/por más que te pene" ("You get a life/But it's not for free/You return your life/No matter how much this hurts"). And despite our best efforts to seek shelter under our umbrellas, one day "rain will rain upon us".
This always makes me think of a quote from Grey’s Anatomy from the first season:
I know i may sound rather blaze and a bit hysterical, but i don’t want these services of good will and support to diminish and eventually disappear. If you’re interested in Volunteering, or if you’ve considered it but never really done anything about it, here’s a couple of websites with some more information.
On April 20, 2012, we knew that Danes are able to create accounts on Yelp.dk to share their opinions about great local businesses and services.
There's a wealth of information on Gable online, so instead I will leave you all with some beautiful images of the most handsome man to reign in Hollywood...
Rdio also lets me know that Blonde on Blonde has been playing 11,431 times by other members. I love statistics, so that makes another reason to be partial to Rdio.
Stock ('50), and her triumphant one-woman show at Broadway's
J: No.
“There is often trauma among the loved ones that in itself requires treatment,” Butkus said. “Many never get over it and are bothered by the loss for years, and many blame themselves for not being able to prevent the death.”
The event is from 1 p.m. to 6 p.m. on Sept. 18 at the Ellicott Mills Brewing Co., 8308 Main Street in Ellicott City. More at the link.
Brilliantly executed, warm and personal, the album combines its icy starkness with an almost contradictory fervour,choosing to retain its fragile beauty without ever breaking it.
Many thought the world would end because the Mayans couldn't count or by the hand of God but no, unless god is a Canadian its going to be Cameron destroying the world.
Tie a small loop with a bow and use fabric adhesive to adhere the ribbon to the egg, I like to cover the holes, but they aren't usually really obvious.
The scene is familiar. You are reviewing material from your last class with your student or students. After spending two full hours last week drilling new vocabulary and using it in as many creative and memory-burning ways you could think of, you mention the words again and all you get are blank faces. How is it possible that they don’t remember this word? You were sure they had it by the end of the class meeting. What happened?
I got the chance to put on a sparkly shirt and earrings and it was fun! Oh, the little things...
and neglecting my favorite blogs.
“Yes, there were problems last weekend, we had some issues with communications, safety and crowd control,” she said. “But the next time, we aim to be more organised and perhaps, introduce more commercial elements in the rally. We’re talking to the Malaysian Rally Association to bring some big international names in the rally circuit, just to add some spice to the event. Imagine having seven time world champion Sébastien Loeb or Norway’s Petter Solberg racing their all-wheel-drive machines down Jalan TAR, or even our own Flying Sikh, Karamjit Singh doing some fancy drifting in Dataran Merdeka, burning rubber – wouldn’t that be awesome?”
Have a wonderful day with lots of Vintage style.
Besides from this, I tried to enjoy this little nerve wrecking adventure and now while looking at the pictures I even have to laugh.
The chickpeas are packed full of protein and fibre to keep you full and happy all afternoon long. This salad is also great served over a bed of kale or baby spinach if you’re feeling the need for some extra greens. Kale is robust enough to withstand the acidity of the dressing and tastes great marinated together overnight.
-Making enchiladas and rice and beans for dinner. There's something about us Texans that, when the weather gets a little chilly, we crave Mexican food to warm us up. My enchiladas were a bit too light on the sauce but tasted amazing and did the job. I'll post the recipe on Wild Honey soon.
Save $5 a day for rest of November, and use the money to buy yourself a new outfit for the holidays. At the end of the month you will have $100 to spend on some festive fashion finds. Do you like to dress up for the holidays? Good luck.
"Sadly, only three of the publications featured are still being published (2000 AD, The Beano and The Dandy), but there are new titles on the newsstand to replace them including the recently launched The Phoenix and Strip Magazine, proving that the British comics industry is alive and thriving.”
R - Clearly you were.
Erin Go Bragh.
Sock
R22- (sc in 1sc, dec) around (12) Stuff
Since his arrival in Pennsylvania, the Department of Homeland Security has been trying to deport him.
Add to this collection the writing of the Gospel of Luke since Paul quoted Luke 10:7 as “Scripture” in 1 Timothy 5:18. With the Gospel of Luke in the collection, then Acts would have also been added being a continuance of Luke according to Acts 1:1. Look again to 1 Timothy 5:18 to see that the “Scripture” of 1 Timothy 5:18 referred to both Deuteronomy 25:4 and Luke 10:7. See, Luke was added not to just a new collection, but to the Old Testament collection that Jesus accepted as being “Scripture”, which again shows the guidance by the Spirit and the collection being done by the oversight of the Apostles. Luke’s Gospel was also a part of the “Scripture” that Paul instructed the young Timothy to give heed “to reading” (1 Tim. 4:12, 13). The Scriptures were already being read in assembly just as the other Scriptures (Col. 4:16). Even more interesting is that the Gospel of Luke would have certainly been included in reference to “Every Scripture” in 2 Timothy 3:16-17 thus affirming the New Testament Scriptures are inspired in the phrase “Every Scripture”. Now, we have Peter’s writings including John’s writings, and all of Paul’s writings including both of Luke’s writings. All of these even John’s writings were probably written before 70 AD having no reference to Jerusalem being destroyed, which was the immediate prediction of Jesus.
Body Wash or Soap?
The second is harder to encode, more difficult to transmit, harder to decode, but it is extremely accurate. That’s the goal of communication. Accuracy.
“It was like he was an empty shell, a robot,” said a deputy who did not wish to be named.
07. Confessions
“Heck, I’m a working mom and I’m not paid a dime. I depend on my husband to provide for me and my family, as should most women… and if a woman does work, she should be happy just to be out there in the working world and quit complaining that she’s not making as much as her male counterparts.
“We wanted to create a unique event that would give beer fans a one-of-a-kind experience where they can sample some of America’s best beers in a relaxed environment and get the chance to meet some biggest names in the beer industry,” said Daniel Bradford, publisher of All About Beer Magazine, which is celebrating its 30th anniversary. “The Denver Rare Beer Tasting is a chance to enjoy great beer and support a great cause: prostate cancer awareness.”
On the front page of TCR are also some of the Christmas cards that I have already shared with you here but also some from the last and final batch that I promised to share with you today.
10. Y
~ Samuel Beckett, Malone Dies
Do any of you have a recipe like that?
I was even able to explain to Mrs Badger + Fatipuff, who were thoughtfully placed at the 13 mile marker, that I "Might just get under 1:50" as I huffed past. "SHUT UP and GOOOOO!!!" screamed Mrs Badger lovingly.
I told ya... I am coming...Unbarred!!! These and more coming up!
The story knocked my socks off. I needed to read one of his novels. Two years later, I finally did. Last week I finished Choke On Your Lies, and again my socks were knocked clear off. It’s a pager-turner, one of those books you can’t wait to get back to. Its narrated by Mick Thooft, a cuckolded professor and poetry writer. When Mick’s wife leaves him, he runs to his friend Octavia VanderPlatts. She’s a rich, manipulative, cunning, 350-pound, genius-level bitch, who made her money by suing companies that discriminate against fat people. She’s also very loyal to Mick, a high school chum. “Let’s punish the bitch,” she tells Tooth, and she sets out to do just that. Soon Smith thrusts us into a world of orgies and video tape, drugs busts and wacky dinner parties. Reading Smith’s prose is as easy and falling out of a chair. I won’t ruin the fun by revealing more of the plot. But I will urge you to go online and download the damn book! (It’s available on Kindle).
Every time we head out on a grand adventure, I find myself back at home with a mess of dishes, laundry and the like. Now to be fair, my kids DO do a lot of that work, however, there is still much to be done. Chronicling our adventures seems to be at the back of my mind. Then I want to see all the good pictures and I can't help but devote an overcast or otherwise rainy afternoon to telling our stories of high adventure........
“Humankind has not woven the web of life. We are but one thread within it. Whatever we do to the web, we do to ourselves. All things are bound together. All things connect.” -Chief Seattle
quickly she put up her shields
The danger in ‘proof texting’ of course is that rather than presenting the Word in the way God intended, the preacher presents his own ideas instead of God’s truth. Rather than ‘rightly dividing the word’, he makes the scripture say what he wants it to.
The President of the Republic accredits heads of diplomatic missions in foreign countries and accepts the credentials of heads of foreign diplomatic missions in the Syrian Arab Republic.
Hodder Education Group
Oh Ladies you know I love you both......
I’ve always thought of yellow as a happy color. The color of sunshine and summer, lemons, buttercups, dandelions, and sunflowers. Bright yellow just POPS right out at you, as if the yellow object is lit from within. In some cultures yellow is associated with happiness and peace. The Buddha wore yellow robes after Enlightenment.
I opened the refrigerator and grabbed two more beers. Might as well do ‘her up. Corney was out of town. I didn’t have to go home. I could sleep it off here. I slammed the refrigerator door shut and yelled, “What’s tonight?”
On a personal level, I have experienced having a sick child in the hospital. When my oldest son was 12 weeks old, he had a high fever and was rushed to CHEO, where he was admitted, and stayed for 14 days. I endured seeing him in pain, get daily blood tests, IV's, catheters, x-rays and ultrasounds. He was incredibly strong through it all. He had a kidney infection because of a condition called hydronephrosis, a fairly common condition most children outgrow by the time they're three years old. My son outgrew this condition, but was back in CHEO for five days with another infection when he was six months old. It was during these stays that I realized how lucky we are to have such an amazing children's hospital so close to home, where children receive the best care from nurses and doctors every day.
Yes, our life will change.
Say, someday, “He did something write!”
Danielle met Kenny as planned. She drove to the wooded area. They walked down the shame narrow trail to the clearing that Aryc had taken.
All too often many of us (I’m certainly included) complain about the church of today in the USA. We complain that the church is full of hypocrites. We complain that the church doesn’t live as Christ. Well, stop complaining and do something. Do just sit there. Nothing will change if you don’t start.
My crew handled the story beautifully but that much death really takes a human toll. After three hours on the desk, I finally was able to break free from there for a few minutes and called a friend. They asked me if I was ok. I broke down like a friggin’ baby. No, I was not ok. I just covered the deaths of nearly two dozen people who had their lives taken by a murderous fuck with doors chained shut.
Each generation will either improve or devolve society. No generation can ‘slide by.’
Here’s the step by step of how to get access to the page:
Diabetes is SKYROCKETING around the globe, predominantly in CHILDREN... and I believe that juice boxes, soda, and DIET soda's are the main culprits... couple that with a few fast food meals every week... and it's "goodbye mortality rate" ... hello... funeral director!
Foliage? Animals? Glinting, glimmering, moving?
Well, Gimme ain't buying it. Or buying into it. Or buying anything more that the penny sweet it takes to break a ten spot into two almost fives. Let them think that I'm cheap. Let them know that I'm poor, or slightly poorer than they. Let them scorn my child and make a point of never stopping the music when she holds the parcel. Let them...Fuck. I don't know.
I hope that, one day, you’ll sign up for a username and contribute to the blog too. I hope that you’ll write your own memories of our shared experiences… that you’ll talk about how you remember that day… or that event…
Warm Up thoroughly and completely…Sweat pouring down your back and dripping on the floor…This is critical today!!!
I am who I am because of those memories – all of them – and the moments that helped create those memories. Memories can either help mold you into a more powerful, more responsible, more caring, more loving person or limit you and make you bitter. I opt for the first result. Memories are building blocks and stepping stones…they’ll help us grow and reach if we remember and not re-live them. It’s all part of growing up….something I don’t think we ever complete until we’re gone.
In the meantime, I am struggling to practice non-attachment.
So, I will be in and out of blog land for a few weeks.
But even though the days have been warm, the nights are chilly and crisp fall convinced me to wear a scarf and hat yesterday evening. I'm craving butternut squash soup and drinking lots of jasmine pearl tea.
The cons include loosing a lot of my curiosity for many things in life, having my love of reading and writing almost completely squashed, having mean and disrespectful teachers, experiencing an invasion of privacy, and—something I’ve been recently noticing about my body compared to my brother’s—not getting the sufficient amount of sleep needed for a growing boy.
Kingston biscuits are something I remember enjoying as a child, I loved their crunchy, chewy texture and their delicious oaty flavour. Unfortunately they're not vegan or gluten free so I decided to make some. The inspiration came from a review by K at In The Mood For Noodles and a comment from Susan at Kittens Gone Lentils. K reviewed the Macro Golden Choc Filled biscuits and Susan didn't think they were Kingston-y enough and neither do I, they're a bit too floury and soft. After that discussion I couldn't stop thinking about baking some.
Didn’t win the race but had a solid outing at Kansas. All drivers finished in the Top 10 and two finished in Top 5. They might have lost second place in the standings but still hold first, have two in the Top 5, and all three in the Top 10. Only led three total laps at Kansas but had a monster of a day in positions gained. Let’s face it, RFR is running extremely well and no other team is having the same quality of races that they are. Everything is going perfectly for this team and for anyone that’s been watching it shows. Notable stats:
Brother’s keeper? Big Government is no kindly brother; it’s a bully.
Over the years I've watched Ancestry.com grow into the huge company it is today. Other companies have since disappeared or been acquired by Ancestry.com. In fact today there was announcement of yet another Ancestry.com acquisition of Archives.com.
That was nothing.
Today is also the first day of my participation in Holly Troy’s twenty-one day online writing course, “Writing the Energetic Body–Shedding Inhibition Workshop.” I think this is the first time I have ever participated in a writing course; I simply cannot recall if I ever did so previously. I AM excited about it, and I also noticed that there were some challenges I needed to overcome; I think the Universe wanted to make sure that I was going to participate in this course, no matter what. So far, so good.
Sexual deviants being held up as models of virtue?
So that's what's going on around here. That and early planting. We have our onions and potatoes in the ground. Oh and wild fires. I'm holding my breath until we get some rain. We are surrounded by cedar trees. Dirk has our 6 acres cleared back and he burned some in the winter, but the other 40 acres that engulf ours are just littered with cedars. And if those things catch fire, it's like a bunch of small explosions. Ugh. Put your lighters away people!!!
But think about the power of giving "just one more" to your family. Sometimes as a parent, I feel completely overwhelmed. The demands on my time, my energy, and my engagement are significant, leaving little for me and often even less for my partner. We strive for balance and often achieve it for a time, which is wonderful for all of us. But my kids need me, and I do just about everything I can to answer that need because I know that the less I respond, the less likely they are to keep asking. The last think I want to do is alienate or isolate my children, especially when my reasons for saying "no" are because I feel like I have been stretched to my limit. When I am in a good place, there is always a little more I can give to them, to myself, to my partner. It doesn't have to be a lot, it doesn't have to be earth shattering. But it doesn't need to be. My kids aren't asking for the moon, they are asking for just one more. Can't we find a way to give just one more?
The cartridges used to line the back of my cricut table but soon were stacked every which way so I knew I needed more space. So while I was at it I also built this wall shelf. I am running out of room to put all of Aiden's pictures! :) I really liked how this shelf turned out. I am doing my best to cover the 1970'swood paneling in our basement. I told hubby that we should tear it all out and dry wall it so I can paint. He looked at me like I had lost my mind so I am trying to make the wood paneling work! LOL!
MobyWrap in Pacific
I need you, I am madly in love with you.
on the worst days.....
equipment until the troops are left
Here's hoping you are all safe and well.
But God has provided us with grace and sanctuary, and one of the many ways he has done that is through Mary. God provided us with a mother, Mary the Mother of God.
“Finally, the Sinn Féin leaflet quotes from a contribution Seamus Coffey made in a recent presentation to the EU Affairs Committee. Mr Coffey did not give his own opinion during that contribution, but he makes his views clear on his blog, where he states: ‘there is little to be gained from rejecting the Treaty’.
Her father lost his car in the inevitable car accident earlier this summer. It is a relief that no one was injured. Any illusions about him continuing to drive were hauled away along with the crunched vehicle. But more and more is being heaped on her shoulders as friends and family call to speak with her about their concerns following their interactions with her father.
I'm also a photographer, guitarist, professional speaker, golfer, and semi-pro magician. I live in the Northwest with the world's most perfect wife and my two almost-perfect sons. No, I don't sleep much. You can catch up more with me at
At least this had a joke, unlike the last one of these. B-
“Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For ye make clean the outside of the cup and of the platter, but within they are full of extortion and excess. Thou blind Pharisees, cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter, that the outside of them may be clean also.”
There are only two authors whose complete published works I’ve read: Samuel Beckett and Richard Brautigan. By ‘complete’ I mean of course those that are still generally available. And I would also have to exclude works of non-fiction. Those scraps aside I’ve read everything else and certainly every major work, in most cases several times. And most of what I’ve read I own, although, strictly speaking, my wife does own some of the Brautigan which if she dies before me I fully expect to inherit. All I’m saying is that I’ve got dibs on it.
I don't know what I'm staring at. It might be out the window, at the computer, at the t.v. It's really bad when it happens at work. I started folding laundry last week, the pile is still half done on my couch. I was folding a pair of socks and something drew my site out the window. I stared for so long my left leg went numb.
There are internships every summer that might work perfectly for you if your "other job" is teaching. Most are unpaid or barely paid, but they will get your foot in the door. And lastly, send resumes blindly. You never know when an opening will come up, so every few months or so send a round of resumes to every publisher you're interested in working for. If you love mysteries, scour the mystery bookshelf and submit your resume to all of those publishers; if you love romance, do the same with the romance shelf.
___________________________________________________________________________
There are limits, though.
When the servant of the man of God got up and went out early the next morning, an army with horses and chariots had surrounded the city. “Oh, my lord, what shall we do?” the servant asked.
Last year, Nintendo announced the Wii U, but never truly unveiled it. Aside from a few tech-demos, no gameplay footage was actually shown. In fact, Nintendo admittedly showed Xbox and PS3 footage in their highlight reel. Furthermore, Nintendo has been rather tight-lipped throughout the year, leaving all eyes on this year’s E3 conference. Listed below are the essentials that I want (and partially expect) from the Big N’s grand unveiling.
I was born the son of a fairground showman. For the first year of my life, my family and I travelled the southern byroads of England, pitching up on town greens with helter-skelters, ghost trains, waltzers, sideshows and the infamous ‘Wall of Death’ (an almost vertical circular track around which a motorcyclist would hurtle at phenomenal speeds). When I was still in nappies (‘diapers’ to our American cousins), we settled in the seaside town of Skegness. ‘Skeggy’, as it is known to the locals, is famed for its ‘bracing’ offshore winds – which basically means it’s bloomin’ windy up here! Anyway, the Husseys may have stopped travelling, but we were still fairground people at heart and so, during the school holidays, I helped out on my uncle’s infamous ghost train ride – the scariest spookhouse on the East Coast!
It may turn out to be just one date with a hamburger for dinner----or it could be more.
At rally after rally Galloway hammered home the same message, how “Western imperialists” were killing “millions of Muslims.” With the big message of naked and ugly sectarianism came the small message of faith – he is in favour of the banning of alcohol. In point of fact that’s rather a relief, as the Respect wave is likely to break on the dry shores of Bradford!
Snorkeling without getting your hair wet goes hand in hand with the famous swimming without getting your hair wet technique. Go back in time to the New York City beaches of the 1960’s. It was then that as a child I met my first role models of swimming without getting your hair wet. These glamorous gals all with their beehive hairdos, which absolutely could not be submerged, cigarettes in hand, would stand in a foot of ocean water talking with their girlfriends.
One day I will-
I still have a tentative release date of May (??) for my first book, Adversarius.
3. My mother constantly rode Grandpa about a $100 debt he owed her. Mom says she doesn’t remember this, but my Dad does. (Really? $100? Really?)
And that’s the word
Here are some designs I made for the kit..
Julian does just that: likens God to both a Father and a Mother, “as truly as God is our Father, so truly God is our Mother” (chapter 59). Ultimately, Jewett asserts, God has revealed himself not as masculine but as personal, the “personal Subject, saying I am who I am” (127), so while masculine language about God is appropriate because of tradition, “we must not continue to think of the male as supremely the bearer of the image of God” (128).
Barry would use friday nights with dark stouts, porkchops
Here I am with my starstruck grin.... thank you to the kind strangers that used my cameraphone to snap these photos.
And sustaining presence
Is there anything I want in return?
After The Mustard Tape Bo Coach played more shows wrote another tune or two which were never recorded as well as a really awesome reworking of the song "99 Red Balloons". They even let me include "Fast One" on The Hope Machine. My old house mate had an awesome video of a set where they played it and I wish I had that video to rip. Towards the end of the band, the started playing with a live drummer, Jaime Hamilton. She was untrained as a drummer but certainly musically inclined so it kept a minimal flavor. Not too long after that Strevralia and Hamilton focused on their other project The London Six which basically signaled the end of Bo Coach. Close to a year after the demise of Bo Coach they played a impromptu reunion show in my garage and it ruled. It felt so good to sing along to all those songs again. I understand at first listen or two Bo Coach and The Mustard Tape maybe hard on the ears due to the ultra lo fi nature of the recordings but once you peel away the layers it reveals itself to be a wonderful collection of brilliant indie rock songs. Out of now 49 releases (and counting)The Mustard Tape to this date remains one of my favorite releases in the entire Rok Lok discography and I constantly toy with the idea of repressing it.
Senator: Homosexuality equals prostitution – by Ram Anand – Friday, March 23, 2012 – 15:18
Basically it's the idea that if someone took all 365 designs and published them in a book, that would significantly hurt me. It would damage my business, it may even cause my business to fail.
Carville, who gained fame working on Bill Clinton's 1992 presidential campaign, predicted health care costs will only increase in the future, in which case Republicans will be to blame for leading the drive to expel a federal program designed to help Americans cover those costs.
"I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun."
I ordered a package of Iron Fist's used samples from eBay about a month ago, and it sure took a while for them to arrive. These Christmas presents became New Year's presents, two pairs of shoes for my collection and one gloomy nautical t-shirt for my sweetheart. :)
We were on a 4-party line. Recognizing the ring was important. Not everyone had phones in those days and if you did, it was common to share a line with two to four other homes. Occasionally Mom would pick up the telephone and have to wait to make her call because the line was busy. However, in the 50’s telephones hadn’t yet become an external part of the body. She seldom had to wait long.
To dwell—delicious—on—…But it’s funny though how the world refuses simple characterization. You won’t find consolation in what passes for the new. Rather you will find it in despised places and corners of your imagination. It might be easier to picture what I mean if I can deviate a bit and talk about making pictures for my newer work DOG TOWN. I started by driving around in the bad neighborhoods, photographing vacant lots, railroad lines, burned-out buildings. These are the parts of my hometown that show the deep scars of industrialism. I was looking for something that nobody else wanted anymore, something anonymous, something forgotten.
Tickets @ www.ticketfly.com
When I was in elementary school, I would drift off to sleep listening to a top 40 music station, because that’s what cool kids did.
I don't often write reviews because I generally don't read reviews. I like to watch/read/hear something and make up my own mind. It's always seemed to me that professional reviewers - and I know a few as friends - are just people with informed opinions and, therefore, their view is no more valid than my own. Admittedly, some of them have made films and TV and written books themselves and, certainly, they've built up a large mental storehouse for comparison purposes. But, when it comes down to it, films, TV, books, art etc. are 'good' or 'bad' depending on the individual viewer's perception. Almost every review I've seen of the John Carter movie has been negative and yet everyone I know who's seen it thoroughly enjoyed it. So who to believe? In just the same way that I can't say that a Gaugin is better than a Manet, I can't say that Coronation Street is better than Eastenders. Both have merits and demerits; all that I am entitled to say is which ones I like and which I don't.
This weekend is set aside for wrapping and baking; I'm still compiling my list of goodies to make, trying to decide which ones must make the cut. Caramel corn, matzoh crunch, truffle cookies, peanut brittle, Oreo truffles?...the list is really endless.
Finally…
and lastly, Garden Party mixed with die cuts created with the From My Kitchen Cricut cartridge. This card also meets all the requirements for this weeks Just Buggin' challenge - dry embossed die cuts.
· There is no "Official" Beer of St. Patrick's Day. Despite all its recent financial difficulties, the Catholic Church has yet to seek corporate sponsorship of its saints' feast days (though it may only be a matter of time…).
Holy crap. That reads like an OWS manifesto. It’s like my hate mailers can’t even bother to check the links that they stick on here to show how smart they are!
A dumpfnudel is abit chewier and served with warm vanilla custard sauce, wine sauce or applesauce. Day-old dumpfnudel can be sliced horizontally and spread with abit of jam, honey or nutella since the dumpfnudel by now, is abit harder. Proper dumpfnudel-making requires heavy duty kneading for awhile which is not the same for Chinese bao. But hey, one needs to watch mother more closely on the latter. She used to do a creative interpretation, such as whole wheat flour bao. Her dough version is lighter and uses far less sugar than the recipe that I have linked below in “Tao of Bao”.
I reflected on this during the long drive home and repeatedly afterwards. They have a point. I don’t trust. Why not? The risk is too high. My brother, Walter, choked to death eating a peanut butter sandwich (he had known trouble swallowing — no gag reflex — and “shoveling” and was left alone in the kitchen with peanut butter sandwiches left laying out). I confess that I will not be able to suppress this fear. And this fear is exacerbated by the frequent anonymity of the staff on any given day. I try to find ways to manage the fear factor. Daily. I absolutely must concentrate on the positive.
Last Sunday Charlotte wasn't feeling well. This past Sunday Genevieve came down with a fever in the afternoon. Yesterday everyone was great. Today Xander came down with a fever, too. While Genevieve just stayed quietly on the sofa and rested until she was up to moving around more and eating, Xander has been sleeping most of the day. When he isn't sleeping he's crying and wants me to hold him constantly. Very much abnormal for him. He loves his hugs, cuddles, snuggles, and holding onto, but not like this.
My heart dropped a little.
On another note, the CIPA Journal for January 2007 has now arrived. A particular point to note is a piece by David Barford (Deputy Director of the UK Patent Office) on the Office's Opinions service under section 74A. He reckons that the service has done quite well, all considering, and 34 requests so far is not bad going. He also gives some useful pointers on how to go about requesting an opinion.
At the World Championship opener at Sebring (USA) on March 17, Audi Sport Team Joest relies on the proven R18 TDI from last year, which are driven by Marcel Fässler/André Lotterer/Benoît Tréluyer, Dindo Capello/Tom Kristensen/Allan McNish as well as Timo Bernhard/Romain Dumas/Loïc Duval.
so as to keep
Across the Internet, people are reading and sharing content with their friends, families and networks by the second. Facebook, Twitter and email are clearly some of the most popular places to share, but do you give your website’s visitors an instant sharing option?
NAUGHT-Y (pronounced “not – why”)
Calculating your space
Boyfriend: "So they're trying to figure out how to make the babies more sticky?"
NOTE: I myself am not looking for critters. Two partners is enough for me -- I can't keep up with anymore. I recommend definitely two or three partners for best results. That way when someone says "this sucks!" and someone else says "does not!" you can be the tie breaker. But if they both say "this sucks!" and you say "does not!" it means you're wrong. ;)
Jeremy Renner, Blake Lively, Chris Cooper
I stared a minute after him.
Oh, servants of God, just marinate in the Lord, right now. Allow yourselves to be smothered in Jesus Love for you. Yes, suffocate yourself in His compassion and grace. You are a great woman of God, and a great helpmate to your husbands and to God for the single women. You are a precious jewel because of your strength and integrity to care for your family and make home, a home. Oh, how God loves you. He loves us so much. Surrender the old you and allow yourselves to be transformed into the Master’s Hand.
Before I go any further, I must confess that I recently found several typos in recent posts in which I accidentally used "your" instead of "you're". This is so embarrassing! So if you noticed that error and said to yourself, "I can't believe she did that. Tsk, tsk, tsk," rest assured I do know the difference between "your" and "you're." Sometimes when typing we all make mistakes, but that does not diminish my embarrassment! Argh! I hope I have corrected them all now, but if you ever see such an error, by all means, point it out to me!
Needless, to say, I didn’t get pinched or squeezed to death. Because I made that flattering comment as I ran past her. And that’s what I was going for. But, Grandma Laura didn’t like me much after that. And she was pissed when I made friends with a stray cat and brought it into the house.
Ok, I’ll go first…. I was repeatedly asked this question, especially after the book was published, and honestly, I didn’t know. I just knew that, somehow, I had. But, as time passed and I actually took the time to think about it, it became so obvious – so clear to me. It was the powerful, loving connection I share with my surviving daughters that enabled me to stay strong, endure, and survive. Once I had that figured out, I gained a much better understanding of myself. For thirty+ years I continually strived to be a good mother. You see, giving your baby away destroys your self-worth. However, I am pleased to say I no longer crave to be the “mother of all mothers.” I now happily realize that in the eyes of my daughters, I am!
Well, then, I think it’s time to own it and trust it and walk in it, my friend.
He pauses after that, not knowing what to say anymore. It’s just so hard to pray when you just don’t feel like it… It’s just not right. I don’t feel right. I don’t feel as if I’m in a position to even approach Him right now…
Either way, we believe that you should take the chance to see Colombia by yourself and form your own opinion. This is the main reason why we are passionately working to bring you the opportunity to experience Colombia in an authentic but hassle-free way through Uncover Colombia. As people who have travelled up and down Colombia, we are confident that if you decide to visit, you will not be disappointed.
4. Started a small (yet modestly successful) business designing and making jewelry.
Look tired of his antics
Fairies are generally described as human in appearance and having magical powers. Their origins are less clear in the folklore, being variously dead, or some form of angel, or a species completely independent of humans or angels. Folklorists have suggested that their actual origin lies in a conquered race living in hiding, or in religious beliefs that lost currency with the advent of Christianity. These explanations are not always mutually incompatible, and they may be traceable to multiple sources.
Sorry is a word that we
Singer songwriter Dobie Gray died yesterday in Nashville. He was 71.
I still don't know what I feel about this one. Certainly it's the most beautiful Argento film I've ever seen. However, the plot is a huge wad of happenstance, with very little rhyme or reason. In some places it seems to want to emulate the structure of its predecessor, Suspiria, but it lacks a character like Susie Banyon for us to relate to. I'll admit that I was already starting to get a little burned out at this point in my marathon, so I might not have given Inferno the due it deserves. Next time I watch, I'll do it properly -- well-rested, with all the lights out, and the soundtrack up loud. Until then, I can't really give a strong opinion one way or the other.
8Deliver me from all my transgressions: make me not the reproach of the foolish.
Before I start today's post, I wanted to say thank you for all your sweet comments yesterday. I worried y'all would get tired of hearing about my new romance and want me to get back to my usual posts, but after all of your comments, I guess Bryce is here to stay on the blog, ha! He is coming over to have a grilled cheese lunch with the Cuties and me today. Tomorrow morning he leaves for a business trip until next Saturday, the 23rd, so don't worry if you don't hear anything after today for the next week or so.
What I said the other night is more than true, Israel is beyond an Apartheid state. Nelson Mandela and Desmond Tutu have made that ever-clear, the people of Palestine and the scars they bare are a never ending source of proof.
On Blu-ray™ with UltraViolet™, DVD and Blu-ray/DVD Combo Pack January 10th
Looking closer at those who were in positions of power and influence during pivotal points in history, and who had and have influence within our government during the passage of such legislation as NAFTA, the SPP, as well as the more draconian legislation such as the NDAA and others laws, both today and in history, we found direct ties to controversial organizations such as the Trilateral Commission, the Council on Foreign Relations, and the attendees of the Bildeberg Group. It is our professional opinion, based on extensive research, timelines and contacts, that these groups exist solely for the “one percent,” and the members set the agenda in the U.S. and globally. One might chuckle at the thought and call it nonsense, but the evidence proves otherwise.
You can ask me about the world background in your application e-mail. Basic rundown; you start in the Lantrai city of Khedris, the capital of the Lantrai empire. What country is your character a native of?
I was one of those and when she lost her fight to cancer I was upset, every April I never forget her, every day I never forget her, we all, especially mum and I, miss her so much!
A few years ago I bought a copy of Twyla Tharp’s book ” The Creative Habit”, this book was an affirmation of something I already knew and understood that being creative involved habitul practise. Over the last few years I’ve had an on-going struggle to maintain personal creativity, I am being creative, I’m knitting or crocheting daily but this creativity lacks my own design input and originality. I’ve lost my habitual use of a sketchbook and textile practise. I’ve made lots promises to myself of good intentions and had lots of false starts on projects that were meant to get me back into the creative habit.
as well as some horse panels and other things from
Bert 12x24
Moderator: Sharmila Ferris (William Paterson University)
7. I wear black pants pretty much every single day to work. I just don't like myself in other pants.
Humility and self-abasement are exactly the same as pride and self-aggrandisation and exactly as weary to people we are with. They are just another piece of the much broken mirror.
So here is what the DT have been up to this time for your inspiration...
You know it to be the first sign that things are returning to normal
A: See my sidebar for the folks I use to make my cover art and format my ebooks and print books.
Stamps: Every Moment
Mocknick: We inform people of this upfront, so there are no games or surprises.
*”I like her too but Saturday night in the suburbs? That’s when you really want to blow your brains out.”
So, short of completely overhauling our system – which basically would be mean scrapping our constitution and re-writing it (not a bad idea, but a proposal fraught with its own issues of who to write it and how to change it) – what we need is to change the way the people in this country interact with their institutions; government and other.
Delaque gang
Maybe she'll be a doctor.
I haven’t cried. Not in two months. I feel like if I let myself cry, he wins, and he can’t win. But I suppose sitting here two months later and writing this automatically means he’s won. I feel like a dementor has taken my soul (another HP reference for you non-nerdlets).
As your “Success Navigator” I can accompany you to avoid slow progress and improve your achievement rate of reaching your goal/destination faster.
Perhaps as the dust settles from his recent announcements, he is beginning to see what his role can be in the public discourse and in bringing about justice. Yesterday he appeared on MSNBC’s Hard Ball with Chris Matthew and advocated extending equal rights to LGBTQ people. I find that more valuable to me than a written apology. In insisting on rights for the people he formerly oppressed, John Smid pursues restorative justice.
The ship’s enormous face shrank down into a silvery human figure. It longingly reached out to the bereft man, silver fingers stroking the clear diamond of its prison.
Yesterday, whole day PNM Abroad was frothing on its wall talking about Alleyne being the people’s champion….cause they want the tune again, nah….and people’s champion or not (I really not getting into that argument) we have to agree that if Ian Alleyne breached the law, he shouldn’t be above it. To justify Alleyne’s abuse of the law is to set a bad precedent. Now, for all intents and purposes, what is clearly a legal matter has been made into a political issue….Alleyne, all of a sudden has become the PNM poster boy for Govt abuse….so many more scary instances of abuse occurring daily, and the issue that get PNM People riled up yesterday is Alleyne’s roughing up by the police? I seriously have to wonder where people’s heads are at. The Govt quietly changed the quorum of the Joint Select Committee this week, and now allowing themselves carte blanche when it comes to procurement issues…and the thing that have PNM Abroad panties in a bunch is Ian Alleyne….a man who admitted to reaching the law? Listen…UNC financiers everywhere must be busting their guts laughing over this one!
I have to say, I love your second answer. It's so true about concise TV episodes and how as a society of watchers/readers we've grown the need for instant gratification.
Heat your oven to 200C (180C Fan) Gas Mark 6. Rub the oil all over the chicken breasts. Spread the breadcrumbs and parmesan out on two plates, then dip in the chicken to coat.
Billy Bragg A new England UK
Since the very first day we born, food seems to be one of the most important factor for life. At the very first, food is just a sources of things which gives you nutrition which is important to body. Once the world is more civilize, food turns to be more art and formal.
So take a chance. Start by taking a small step towards accepting yourself. Live.
Soft Cell Bedsitter UK
Accessories: 1 1/4" circle punch, Modern Label and Word Window Punches
"It's basically a giant nuclear missile."
November:
A fifth series was confirmed for the series straight after the episode aired but it will only have six episodes. Still, better than nothing though.
And then there were four.....the final four cards we were dealt to defeat Obamunism in 2012....Mister Rogers, Big Government Republican, The Kook, and Ritchie Rich.
Marvel may never have presented a splash page as truly heinous. Two hoity toity pricks enjoying a feast while prisoners starve below.
Our British trains are not so big as Texas ones. On our travels, the nights were punctuated by those evocative whistle sounds, and the distant rumble of freight trains. I managed to ambush a typical one in Kyle, Texas, and film it as it restarted.
I took 7 days of this...drove me crazy i tell you CRAZY!!!!
A man, his dog, his motorcycle and a country full of opportunities.
For extra Entries
The Volksblad report, dated 2012-04-16, also includes a rough sketch of the Griekwastad scene, which was drafted by Theuns Kruger (Grafika24). I have no idea how accurate this rough sketch is, but I believe it will suffice for purposes of this article.
“There are 78 million people living in Iran. A strike on Iran’s nuclear facilities, located in built-up urban areas, would be catastrophic, and could precipitate yet another drawn-out war. We have learned from Iraq that the evocation of alleged weapons of mass destruction as a pretext for war should be treated with extreme caution.
Let's see. Misshapen layers, lumpy icing, no ribbon, electric teal icing "flowers"... What seems to be the problem, Hannah?
He was like an excited little boy.
Keeping your website updated
My sewing table is clean! It's clean underneath too! That large mirror is going to go, either to a friend or a consignment shop. It's large (about 3x5 feet), and I have another mirror in the basement that I'd rather use, which is maybe 2x6 feet. More appropriate for fittings, as I'll hang it vertically, probably over by the built in bookcase. Then I'll figure a better location to hang the thread racks and my drawer thingy that's sitting on the table right now. This is as far as the organizer and I got, before we ran out of time.
the idea of blowing stuff up, hungry for details of rockets and
The secondary characters were unfortunately not as developed. Most were bland and unimportant. Calder’s sisters are an exception to this but the others were quite pointless. Jack seemed to half fill so many roles; he was part love interest, part friend and part villain. The problem is he just doesn’t actually do much in any of those characters.
Their efforts were purely physical. They were concerned about themselves. They were seeking to save their own skins, not mindful of the others on that boat. We remember that this boat was the only lifeboat they had. If they took it, it would leave all others stranded. They had no compassion for any of the passengers.
I’ll be ready next time, you small, plastic menace. Just you wait and see.
But the limits of our relationship had been reached, and it was clearly time to go.
If anyone knows of anyone we’ve missed please contact YHS1967@comcast.net. We will try to update this list for the class as time moves on…
(Let me just proudly share that this billboard was conceptualized by Coca-Cola's agency McCann Worldgroup Philippines.)
Nothing could sort out the morass of vicious score-settling after more than 20 years of violently authoritarian rule that went on then - not now, not ever. Of all the uses of religious belief and its rituals, perhaps ceremonies for the repose of the souls of victims, and of reconciliation between descendants of actors in the violence, at least these should be recognised.
Thank You EVERYONE so very much for entering this year, and for your most kind & gracious support. This year has been stressful financially for so many folks, that it humbles me and makes me even more honored, that you all chose my dollyes to share your lives with. I appreciate it, and the Museum appreciates it, greatly!
After cutting the shapes from PTI"s Beautiful Butterflies dies, I pulled out my craft sheet and put three colors of Distress Ink, Wild Honey, Worn Lipstick, Seedless Preserves directly onto the sheet, laid out the butterflies and misted all of it with water. The wet butterfly die cuts were then blotted and dragged through the puddles of ink until I covered each one with color. This of course, gave me a totally random variation of color on each one. (SO FUN) I dried them with my heat gun because I couldn't wait to see them finished. I cut many more than I needed, so I have several more to use on future projects. (Yippee!) I am particularly pleased with the way the wings overlap in the finished project. It seems to add movement.
“Detection numbers continue to rise for the infamous Conficker worm within enterprises, even though there is a patch available and no new variants have appeared in two years.” (I ask you to think about that. It might change your definition of “IT Professional”..)
In July 2011, following upon the tide of allegations about Andy Coulson (Prime Minister Cameron’s former Director of Communications and former NotW editor) and the NotW “hacking” phones, the Crown Office announced that they had asked Strathclyde Police to look into various matters, including the evidence of certain of the witnesses at Tommy Sheridan’s criminal trial.
Recently, I saw an excellent film on PBS that depicted the story of Ann Frank, based on her now famous and inspiring diary written while she and her family were hiding out from the Nazis during WW 11. She was eventually discovered and put into a concentration camp where she died before the Allied Forces could rescue her. The Holocaust has left its imprint on all of us and many cannot conceive, even today, of the helplessness, horror, and darkness of this era. However, we need to know that, in the midst of all this, a teenaged Ann wrote in her diary that she did not believe this was the end; that it was “a phase” humanity was passing through; that most people are basically good.
Now, apply everything you learned here to the novel before you query. It won't do you a bit of good to have a spiffed up query unless the novel is also spiffy.
Ron: Donald Barthelme. He’s such a weird and wonderful writer. I don’t read a lot of kids’ fiction and students I talk to during school visits sometimes don’t either. They read odd cats like Jack Kerouac or Italio Calvino. If I get something out of the library that’s too hard for me (that usually just means it’s dull), I take it back. I like to read over-my-head and I especially like to read “things I shouldn’t.”
sewing:
The fight has only just begun.
ISBN: 978-0061668128
7. Bruises – Chairlift
You have recently reached the Semi Finals of Band Quest in Colchester and will be competing for a chance to perform at Bloodstock Open Air, what else have you got planned for this summer?
local... go see the Xmas
inventory for your projects. There’s even a shopping list builder. If you’ve got a project in the works, this inventory control app is a life-saver. It’s simple, easy to use, and it’s a good buy at $1.99. I keep a small stash and thought it was more than I needed, but I’m glad I bought it. I never would have guessed that I had five skeins of Dark Mahogany…
Finally he removed the plugs from her ears, wanting her to hear his voice. He whispered, just moments before driving the daggers into her skull…
(Hey, look at that, from bottom to top we have good, bad, and ugly.)
In a note, JF Apex Securities said: “We believe that Lotus is on track to strike a rebound, but the turnaround is going to take another four to five years.”
So are you paralyzed with fear that your latest opus sucks? Are you convinced you’re a phony and a fraud and can’t write for shit?
This week Howard played all kinds of fun games with us... hide-n-seek, zingo, marble races... he even had a tea party with us. That Howard wasn't very good at drinking tea with his pinky in the air but we let it slide...because actually this is not Carter's strong suit either. :)
“How many stars?”
You can “MOVE” or form “MOVEMENT” in other fashions/cycles/ways and NOT give anyone a ahhh haaa I told you so an affirmation so to say with your choices/decisions etc…. So maybe instead of “moving” toward them, re-direct and center yourselves and NOT feed into that type of machine. Move in another fashion/way and move to AID the very thing you are moving for….which is what Chelas? YOURSELVES! YOUR BEING! ALL souls and I can GUARANTEE ALL SOULS find this time, these ways and this path….because ALL things are GROWTH and MATURITY…COMPLETION WHOLE!
Finish: There is a metallic tang that hangs out for a good long while. Not unfriendly, just a bit sharp for the neighborhood.
TrueCar.com determined this statistic by using the top 10 wealthiest zip codes from IRS data in the U.S. and the most driven car makes and models in these locations. Mercedes-Benz is also the number one make in the nation that the wealthiest choose to drive.
A stay at the Feversham Arms is well worth the money, it’s far from cheap but it is exceptional value when you look at what you get. Next time, and there will be a next time, we will try and get a deal and stay longer to get the most out of the spa and the area. After breakfast we had a walk around the castle, walled garden and market square of Helmsley, all within a few minutes walk of the hotel. It’s well worth being able to explore properly.
The story tells us how a little girl growing up in Iran gets influenced by revolutionary ideas against the Shah of Iran even though her own family had one time served the King. The protests, killings and eventual revolution had a deep impact on the girl but after the Islamic revolution and start of Iran-Iraq war things begin to change. Her parents send her to Europe so that she can study. Here she undergoes conflict between her traditional upbringing and the freedom in society that she encounters.
Spinach... not enough to weigh.
The Beast looked straight ahead through the windshield as we passed the strip malls and the odd accountant offices on our way to the orthodontist’s office—not saying yes or no. The husband and I raised a polite and honest, but hard-headed child so I did not expect an answer.
The detainees who have been held without trial and without evidence must be released immediately. Some things must not be postponed. Freedom must be made available to all – to all those whose hands were shackled or whose tongues were silenced, so that they would not speak or express a view regarding the building and revival of their country. All these people must be set free.
These bright beaded socks are yellow in honor of King Julian but they also come in pink, light blue, light green and white. They fit girls size 10.5 - 4.
Quin - we love each other
Fashion Line
Jermaine Paul received the voters save.
The important thing to remember is to not beat yourself up if you slip up. The fact that you’re even making an effort will make just that much of a difference.
Vitamin D3 is kind of tough to come by these days in our diets. D3 is only naturally present in our diets in human breast milk, some cold water fatty fish, some animal’s livers and free range eggs (you must eat the yolk too).
Going to New York.
The stories are the same ones all my relatives and parents experienced and lived. But that’s not what makes me enjoy this book. It’s well written, exciting, sad, and informative. It makes me think and to cherish, all the more, the sacrifices my parents made for my sister and me, so that we could have a prejudice-free, different, and better life. Their vision was exactly the same as all of those millions of black southerners who packed up all they had to live their dreams.
By the way, "squirrel" is one of those words, that, after you type it a dozen or so times, suddenly looks really weird and wrong, like when you're a kid and you say a word over and over until it sounds like nonsense. I'd almost convinced myself I'd misspelled it, but it's just a weird looking word.
Around three in the afternoon, I changed my mind. I made the crust, mixed up the pudding, and popped open a can of sliced peaches thinking they might look nice as a decorative garnish on top. Then I ran upstairs to take a shower. An hour later I was waddling back down the stairs in my nicest white maternity shirt and brown corduroy slacks to grab my beautiful pie and head out to the party.
Let’s go planet-hopping and take a look at a portrait gallery painted by the imaginations of inter-planetary experts.
Based on an original idea by: Tim Burton
And I will hate you forever
With four Pattaya nights under his belt and twenty more to go, Wayne considered himself a professional fun-seeker. Yet, instinctively Wayne knew that his one hour with Yung was going to be as good as it was going to get…so, he asked Yung if she would care to stay the evening with him. Perhaps, join him for dinner around the corner at one of the BBQ joints on Soi LK Metro, a drink or two at the Cherry Bar on Second Road and, if all went well, breakfast in the morning. Being that the hour was late for any additional outcalls, Yung agreed.
dangle like red flags
So what next? I shall be reviewing some kids music. Sounds exciting. Sounds like another giveaway!
C2
Zuma, who has said he may seek a second term as party leader, and senior members of his Cabinet including mines minister Susan Shabangu have stated that nationalization “is not government policy.” Mathews Phosa, the ANC’s treasurer-general, said on July 28 that while the ANC shouldn’t meddle with successful companies it could back the creation of state-owned companies to compete with miners.
Back to the baking...
I can't deny that I like my comfort zone - not to be confused with a rut! The outfit I put together for you, ABD, mixes 3 things that were really "out there" for me - in fact, I haven't even worn one of them on the blog before because it stumped me a bit.
In fact, in question after question — about access to electronic medical records, scheduling physician visits, receiving test results via e-mail, and more — adults overwhelmingly said they’d like to be more connected to their doctors via e-mail and the Internet.
"Beware, Deanna." she telepathically tells me, "I'll get my hands on Will sometime when you're not around. You'd better keep a close eye on him."
If the other two books are as good as this one, (and other reviews are very favourable), then this is series well worth investigating time and money in. The plot is intricate, plausible and never sensational. When reading ‘TMS’ you are given the impression that Wilson is a man in command of all the salient facts. Almost nothing in the novel is incidental, and the pace though slow to start, builds to an exciting sprint finish. ‘The Midnight Swimmer is everything a good spy novel should be – tense, politically astute and thought-provoking. It’s a first class espionage novel, written in the tradition of the master, and if you are fan of Le Carré, well worth checking out.
Mitt Romney is confident he has the Fox crowd or "true believers" now. He knows he has to expand his reach beyond the Fox audience to women, Hispanics and Independents. I don't think this is the way to get it.
Given that as soon as this "oral tradition" was violated the Court codified it as a public, written rule, it's hard to see much distinction between an "oral tradition" and an "unwritten rule" in this context. Indeed, on page 7 of the opinion, Berchelmann himself uses the terms interchangeably, writing of this "oral tradition" that "the purpose of this rule was to ensure that one judge was the point person for anything related to the case."
I don’t care what market you are aiming for, as long as you show me something I like. Give me something smart… something different… something that tells me a little about the book without me even having to make the effort of picking it up. If you can do that, then you have halfway sold me the book before I even read the back cover blurb.
Whole life or "radical unschooling" further dissolves the boundaries that define conventional lifestyles with lots of rules and regulations. I don't set and enforce bedtimes or mealtimes for myself or my kids, for example, because I'm going to help us all get what we need regardless. I've felt drawn to radical unschooling for its simplicity.
1 spunk
Now, every actor, director, producer, singer, dancer — anyone in the theatre will tell you that a production is not ready until it goes in front of an audience. All the technical elements from sound to lighting to special effects can be perfectly in place, the actors can know their lines word for word, but it isn’t until there are people out there watching us that this clockwork springs to life.
Several of my favourite bloggers participate in a "Frock on Friday" outfit post challenge every Friday. The principle is simple - it's Friday, so wear a frock! See here for some inspirational examples from Desiree of Pull Your Socks Up and the frocktastic Vintage Vix.
This may straighten you cogitate that the slot machines on the way to the blackjack, cards, roulette and crapshoot tables are the ones to sport, but this ismonly not the case.
Eventually,on a Sunday morning on 10th June 2007, I decided to cancel my subscription, which was up for renewal.
Did you have an Imaginary friend as a child?
We sat down in the small business banker’s office and he asked how he could help. I explained. He got on his computer and started asking us questions about the account, for my business partners debit card and I also handed him my two pieces of identification. He asked if I had a personal account at the same bank and I said I did not. He then asked where I banked and I told him. Then he got that look on his face. That same look customer service people the world over get when staring into a computer screen that has just told that something is not possible. The look where you can see and feel the little wheels in their brain stop working, and the artificial intelligence, staring them in the screen, start to take over their mind, body and soul…
As our time drew near to leave Sundrawoti, the time also drew near to take a lot of group pictures by which to remember all the friends we’d be leaving behind. In my experience, the problem with being in a picture is that I tend to not be the one taking it. The problem is worse in a country where the average person I ask to take a picture may easily be doing so for the first time.
Here is my card for a Baby Shower Challenge that I made in the week
A ship at my side spreads her white sails
You could easily find millions of New Yorkers who have no idea that this spectacular structure at 8 Spruce Street exists or that it is the tallest residential structure in the Western Hemisphere. I would be included in that group. However, as I approached the building, I began to recall the media attention surrounding this highly applauded residential tower, formerly the Beekman Tower and currently known as New York by Gehry, designed by renowned architect Frank Gehry.
Oh, the world would come so close to ending time and again, with many more fires, floods, alien attacks and other natural (and unnatural) phenomenon passing by time and again. But when even Sean Connery can't emerge from the muck and mire and seem convincing as he does so, something's wrong. And Meteor is something VERY wrong.
a few years ago, while we were living in hawaii, i was in the back yard, doing some cleaning and mowing. i reached out to put the cover on the grill, threw it up over the top and began to spread it out. then i saw it. a big old ugly centipede. it wasn't the biggest i have seen-maybe 4 or 5 inches long, 1/2 an inch wide. centipedes may be the nastiest, ugliest, meanest, creepy-crawliest of all bugs. and my hand was less than a foot away from it. i jumped back from the grill. then i stood there, trembling, unable to move due to the fear that had taken over me.
It is increasingly more apparent that the news we read and the reports we watch from the corporate media, regardless of what channel or publication we turn to, are tapping the same talking points provided by a handful of corporate-funded think-tanks. It was recently exposed that the Podesta Group, founded by Tony and John Podesta, openly admit and even showcase on their website their extensive manipulation of op-eds and news articles in well known newspapers across the United States including the Christian Science Monitor, the New York Times, the Washington Post, and the Huffington Post. Journalists people foolishly trust are regularly approached by lobbyists to write editorials and include talking points in their news reports regarding everything from “human rights” and healthcare, to regulatory legislation and even promoting war.
I dissolve and break and then away i crawl
Q: Will I be able to see kangaroos in the street? ( USA )
Of course, we are all instructed to love one another.
stale sir ruffles
Elijah said the unclean spirits controlling the cartels have slithered into many levels of Mexican society and have also invaded the church on both sides of the border.
Boy the weeks fly by fast these days.
As soon as humanly possible, we children would scramble, barefooted , out the door. And now the real day could begin. Cousins were conveniently located close by, all within walking distance, and all of whom were more than willing to come out to play. Our little gang would grow as we went tramping from house to house until we would gather 10 - 15 cousins. A nice number to play just about any game.
John Demjanjuk – image from jssnews.com
If you're planning a walking holiday in Italy, consider basing yourself in Lake Como. This fabulous destination, situated in the Lombardy region, boasts some immensely rewarding trails and incredible towns to explore. So, what are the top reasons to come here?
As far as joining the squares I'm experimenting with red Caron's Simply Soft yarn.
“We Did Not Choose This War” and Other Hypocrisies
But every time I think
Here is the script to check if there is a MySQL sleeping process from long kill them and write log
Their nightmares have stopped. Mine continue.
I sure do! Let me introduce you to my fail-proof equation:
Modern ninjas face many challenges that their predecessors didn’t have to worry about. They have had to become ever more adaptable to blend in with their surroundings. You never know where you might have to strike at an enemy…
Sounds like great fun. But think about all the potential productivity wasted on Angry Birds! If you look at the numbers above through the prism of the “10,000 hour Rule” -– which posits that the key to mastery of any discipline is to practice, practice, practice for roughly 10,000 hours –- well, let’s just say there’s a lot of “mastery” being left on the table (or mobile device, as it were) by people engrossed in Angry Birds.
-Davis 113
7. It is more non-stick than any non-stick cookware I have used. If you were keen to test this theory, you could try making crepes – I pointed out in that blog entry that I had never been able to make decent crepes until I tried it with cast iron. I never have to oil my cast iron pan to make my spectacular crepes – they just lift right off once they’re done. Unbelievable. I think it’s something to do with the more consistent heat distribution you get using such a heavy pan.
Photographer Mr Toledano made this series of photographs to examine how if, with plastic surgery, "we are creating a new kind of beauty. An amalgam of surgery, art and popular culture? And if so, are the results the vanguard of human induced evolution?"
The day was ended with free Copa Verde cocktails and pica-pica as the El Nido Resorts’ Environmental Officers talked about how tourists and tourism can play a role in conserving the environment.
“If we were to take the time to sit down and feast on Scripture ourselves, in addition to being under the teaching of other godly leaders, there is no limit to what we could digest.”
Silence is Golden:
In the fourth draft of More Deaths Than One, I gave Bob a love interest, a waitress he met at a coffee shop. (Hey, so it’s been done before. The poor guy spent eighteen years in Southeast Asia, and didn’t know anybody stateside. How else was he supposed to meet someone?) That’s when the story took off. He had someone to butt heads with, someone to ooh and aah over his achievements, someone to be horrified at what had been done to him.
Why is Mix96 automatically taking the UAF stance by simply assuming that the EDL is the enemy and that an organisation run by violent and anti-democratic Trots, UAF/SWP, is their friend? What’s going on here? This is like Alice-in-Trotskyland logic and politics. These regional newspapers and websites shouldn’t become the mouthpieces for the UAF by selling its counter-demos as something holier than the EDL.
to take us up to Place de Tertre
Hugs and love,
7:20 Go over to the boys’ room and tell them the same thing then threaten to start singing if they don’t start getting up and moving.
Juiz de Fora, Brazil
Police say there was a custody issue and the woman attempted to leave.
RELEASE DATE: August 24, 2012
Is this the kind of thing that goes on where you live?
T: There’s something wrong with old Doc Johnson’s portable nuclear particle generator?
b) I don't have a car.
My creating style is usually very neat and tidy - BUT today I've gone waaaaaaaaaaaaaay out of the box!!! You know what? I actually liked it!
If there’s a God, WHITNEY will be gone.
Have there been times or circumstances in your life when you felt abandoned, or that no one was standing up for you? As a believer in Christ, truth is, we’re never alone or abandoned. Instead, we are chosen, adopted and embraced by a loving God ~ as we receive HIS love and precious gift!!
Sykes wrote: “No proof, but circumstantial evidence and reasonable presumption of AQI involvement.”
It has been many ages since this grid has been at full operating capacity and so there is a joyful tone that emanates from the grid in anticipation of the full restoration of its power.
· 5 – 8 years of experience with identifying business requirements and implementing new solutions and substantial system enhancements.
.........and that means Environmental management and an English Skellig day for my little tribe. A quick tidy and clear up of the house, biscuits out, teapot ready and books on tables. I quickly drove over to Felpham to get Pickle's new glasses for which I'd already received a phone call yesterday to say they were ready for collection. Pickle was so excited about them that we just had to get them today, now, before her friends came. So we did.
with small flutters of fear, so like my own.
Wanna join a gang and run around shooting with us???? Then you're the person we're looking for for "Friday Shoot-Outs"!!
I love that the Mia is waterproof but keeping the brush clean is important and you don't want to have to worry about frying your little machine. I did that to a cheap one, it got wet in the wrong places and never worked again.
Ottawa. The federal staff under the Conservative government are living high on the hog, having a good time on the taxpayers money, even flying around the world to learn about administration. This is no surprise since so many Conservative Ministers, senators, even the RCMP apparently do the same thing often. Meanwhile Quebecers also this year will pay more taxes to the governments. The RCMP also is known to be costly, cost ineffective already.
Brutal yet beautiful – the 2006 Spanish dark fantasy film is set against the backdrop of Spanish Civil War. It’s directed by filmmaker Guillermo del Toro (Remember Hellboy, he made it!). The film begins with a typical fairytale plot. It’s war-time, a young girl and her mother are displaced from their home. The only place they have to go to is a military camp, commanded by the mother’s second husband — an evil man, whose child the mother is carrying. Vulnerable, young and naive, the girl is largely on her own once they reach the camp. Amid fascist hatred, deceit, violence and other perils, help comes her way from ‘expected’ quarters — servants and Pan, who replaces the fairy godmother for all the wrong reasons in this fairytale. Now, whether the young girl should believe them, is what’s going to keep you on tenterhooks.
C: So, you mentioned his parents might visit for Christmas?
“I wanted Imago to function as a legacy on its own, in case I died,” he says.
Press & Trade for info on the Festival;, Dancehackit ; The Technology Sponsors or It’s other components, Designers Press/Media Kits http://www.bkfff.com/contact-us/press-acess/
2. Cut three pieces from the lace borders, using the photo as your guide. 2 pieces should have 3 upper loops and 1 should have 5 upper loops.
1/2 a mile from home a deer jumped out of a bush into the path of the car. Dad hit the brakes, avoided the deer and I went flying onto the floor of the back seat in a rude awakening.
I love this picture of Celia, which shows that wicked glint in her eye that usually means mischief. There is trouble - big trouble - in her new book but it is a departure from her recent novels for Bloomsbury, which have been very successful historical fiction - Witch Child, Sorceress, Pirates, Sovay and The Fool's Girl. What a roll call of invention!
For this illustration, I was having a hard time getting the angles right on the marker set, so I created a guide in Adobe Illustrator to draw from. On something angular like a set of markers, this works well.
A nude and cherry red polka dot French. That's what I wanted to show you guys today! I thought it was very retro and 60's looking, hence the post title :)
There's still plenty of May left, so let's see what else I can get my grubby paws on before the month is out.
In closing my interview, I asked Jeanne if there was anything left on her list of things she wanted to do given her long list of accomplishments to date as television journalist, as well as author and editor. She answered "I'd like to return to the places I've been to for work that I didn't get a chance to explore on my own, but really what I look forward to doing in this next chapter is to continue doing a lot of things that I have done, but just do them better. I want to continue to make great television - but better; I want to write more books - but better." When I told her that she must have a wicked perfectionist streak because so many people look up to her and admire her that I cannot imagine her having to do anything better, she said "Sometimes I feel like I've barely scratched the surface in terms of my potential. I am turning 60 next year and that only gives me another 20-30 years to go, but who knows. Diana Vreeland didn't start editing Vogue until she was 60". I left utterly enchanted by Jeanne and her zest for life.
“How do you play Married?” I asked, and instead of telling me, she showed me, climbed into the ditch with another boy from the block and stripped naked. My job, she said, was to keep everyone away while they played. When I wasn’t scaring off the other children, I would gawk down at the muddy couple inside the ditch, cavorting naked in the pseudo-sexual act. I wasn’t sure what was happening, but I did know this: I wanted to play.
But the digital landscape is shifting so rapidly and the agent's role is evolving so quickly, what is an agent to do if clients want assistance making backlist titles available in eFormat?
For, sure as the Phoenix mocks the ashes
10. There are also rules on work at home, travel time, on call time, direct deposit, and others.
Today, as it blossoms again, I can say that my career, such as it is, continues, and during my hiatus one substantial thing that I accomplished was to keep a tree alive.
@ Baltimore Ravens-8:00pm-August 17, 2012
But hey, let's not forget about the wheezing. Wheezing scares me. It sounds like death. When I start wheezing, I want a doctor and I want one NOW. I don't care that it's Sunday afternoon. So, on the afternoon of the 4th day of fever (which was winding down, finally--the fever, that is) I dragged myself out of bed and into Walgreens to see the NP in their nice little Take Care Clinic. It was wonderful. No wait, no fuss, just a caring NP. She gave me a bag full of drugs and sent me on my way in just a little over an hour. The best part? She doesn't think I have pneumonia, but she gives me the biggest antibiotic pills I have ever seen, just in case. You know, because my oxygen sats are a tad low, I'm looking pretty delirious, and
I wanted contemporary pulls and knobs in polished nickel to go with the more traditional/transitional cabinetry.
Yes the first Jan Eaton Blanket.
Become a nomad.
Here are some options I collected to show just what I mean:
“Right right.” she said laying down again. “So what did you wanna ask me?”
In a recent blog post I wrote entitled “Rendering Authenticity in an Experiential Economy” I discuss the book Authenticity: What Consumers Really Want, written by James Gilmore and Joe Pine (Harvard Business School). In the book, the authors argue that the virtualization of life has led to a deep consumer yearning for the authentic. They point out the importance for companies to be able to grasp, manage, and excel at rendering authenticity (in part by creating the opportunity for genuine experiences), which is a pivotal element of brand-building.
Suicide by Édouard Levé
RIM and 4 Other Big Firms in Big Trouble – RIM held its annual BlackBerry World this week, unveiled a new operating system, and showed off a pretty, keyboardless handset. None of that changed the widespread opinion that the company is sinking. Sales are down, shares are down, and there seems to be no reason for customers to buy a BlackBerry over an Android/iOS device. It is a terrible place to be, but RIM isn’t going down alone. Some of the biggest names in tech are also in decline.
We will post a photo once we get mom and dad's approval!!!
I used to hate them, now I love them.
Biography of Beethoven – His Final Year
Another friend has been living across the country from her husband for a year. During that year, he took a mistress. When his wife found out/he told her (I don’t know how it went down), he told her that he didn’t love or like his wife and hadn’t for many years, but, again, didn’t want a divorce. He wanted his wife to move back across the country in order to save their marriage and was unclear as to whether or not he would be willing or able to break it off with the other woman. She recently moved back to him.
Consider the fact that life insurance ownership is at a record low-30 percent of U.S. households are uninsured (chart). LIMRA’s research indicates that-despite the efforts of insurers the industry has not been able to penetrate the middle market and, many of the most traditional products and marketing tactics aren’t attracting consumers’ attention.
In a crisis, we are prone to set our minds on the desired outcome. We fix our gaze on the preferred result and ask God to accomplish it. That outcome may be good and holy, but as long as it is our hope, we are not focused on Jesus and His kingdom. Jesus asks us to set our minds on God and accept what He accomplishes. The outcome may be exactly the same in both cases; but calm in our hearts will only be a reality in the latter approach. We cannot experience the peace of faith when our eyes see God as a tool to accomplish our purposes. Our eyes can be either on God or on outcomes. Not Both.
2121.***E-III/10/2003. On threats to well-being perceived by Iraqis in 1990 and by Americans in 2003. (Incorporated in B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-42.)
Research online and discussion with our vet lead us to believe that Abbey could be comfortable with our child being part of her pack but would probably remain uncomfortable with other people's kids. We came to terms with that and hoped for the best when we brought Emmaline home, always watching both dogs' interactions with her making sure everyone stayed calm and safe.
one of the problems with praying for healing is that they so often don’t appear to be heard,
The best we can do is remember our seven astronauts – our ChallengerSeven – remember them as they lived, bringing life and love and joy to those who knew them and pride to a nation.
I’ll post them on my Zamboni for public comment.
What I would have liked to have seen: I liked Karen and Mal. I wish there would have been more from both of them. I think to an extent this book was as much about Numb as it was Mal. He, just like Numb, needed to find out who he was.
Be back later with what I am loving, and the chicken salad recipe!!
I can't wait till all of these kids drop out after the midterms. Fuck newfags who don't even have the decency to put a minimal effort into learning the material.
Upon my suggestion, BG got a condom, lube, and toys, and I prepared SwingBot’s ass for a good fuck. I used the toys to open his anus and then BG fucked him. As BG fucked his ass, I sucked SwingBot’s cock. With a little regret, I had to withdraw my body from the great oral SwingBot was giving me to get a better position for my head between his torso and BG’s. I heard BG nearing orgasm at least once, though he held off. SwingBot soon climaxed in my mouth.
Beer Log: March 24, 2011
I got away with it and naturally wanted to do it again. I wrote a follow-up book set in the next year, the year of the Great Fire, and – reading that Pepys referred to Nell Gwyn as “pretty, witty, Nell” - decided I liked the sound of her. She should visit my sweetmeat shop to buy some crystallised violets! I read two biographies to get a “feel” for her and thought that as long as I didn’t have her flat on her back with Charles II then any still-living ancestors would surely not object.
This was done by asking them to evaluate their past, present and future describing whether they felt they saw them in a positive or negative light.
We all think that we can change someone. You might think maybe if you show him how much you really like him and how accepting you are maybe he will change his mind. WRONG! Again, if a guys really likes you he will show you by his actions. Which means, if he’s treating you like crap or ignoring you his actions are screaming I’M NOT INTERESTED IN YOU or I DON’T LIKE YOU THAT MUCH or AT ALL!!
He was my role model. He was handsome and kind and everyone looked up to him. He was about the smartest teacher I ever had and he liked me. He invited me to his house one day to help me with my math problems.
It's been a summer of ups and downs, and there's been a great deal on socially that has hindered a lot of the plans for more productive work. I will start out saying that taking up lawn bowls is not something that should be considered lightly if you value your weekend freedom! On the other hand, it's great for making friends and having a good time. We've managed to get out and about on the odd occasion too.
It was created by John’s discovery, that it was possible to simply photograph projected images that were not always projected on to a screen! His discovered technique sometimes involved; projecting his image through a crystal, through coloured cellophane, or reflecting the projected image off various reflective surfaces, the image projected could be a negative (colour, or black and white) and he even used three, or four projectors (with careful masking) all together at times. The chosen screen often became the subject of the picture; John has photographed projected images on to a feather, a flower, a shell, a butterfly wing, and even on to the edges of the pages of a book!
Force and Flow Studios on Dean Street is looking for "someone local who is passionate about the neighborhood/community" to fill a part-time administrative position. The full job description is below (follow the link above for more information about Force and Flow).
Now that you’ve walked,run,peddled your way across the Williamsburg bridge, you’re probably ready to grab a bite to eat.
-Have movie night at home. Get a movie from Red Box or Blockbuster Express for $1 (or free if you have a code). If you have a Netflix membership, order a movie in advance or watch an instant Netflix movie. If none of these options are available to you, many libraries also loan out movies to their patrons for no charge. Pop some popcorn and snuggle with your loved one.
As her weight dropped and her energy dissipated, her friends began to slip away. She couldn’t understand how the subtractions were adding up. She tried to crack the code and decipher the equations, but the patterns felt disrupted; she couldn’t solve the multiplying divisions in her life.
Q-What projects are on your scrap table today?
Please leave a comment and Please let Wendy know if you could identify with and enjoyed her story? Do you have any tips that help you and could help others?
Consider, for example, some of the evidence referred to and relied on by the College in support of its IPSH.
Oh, Holden Caulfield. Teenage angst and confusion oozes out of you. A classic piece of literature, when I attempted to read you years ago I became annoyed by your stream of conscious whiny nature. "Shut up, already!" I said and put the book down, never intending to read it again. Well, that changed when I was assigned the task of assessing Holden Caulfield through the eyes of an interpersonal therapist for one of my courses. Hmmmm.....kinda like a literature review paper with counselling shiz mixed in? Might be not too bad.
I feel inspired by my clean space. I believe I will go home tonight and make some art.
Problems of Natural Resource-based Economies
Convinced that ‘ethics is a function of Christ’s “continually operative” reconciling and revealing intervention’, and that responsible ethics is as participatory as is life, prayer, worship, etc. – i.e., it takes place in the life of the Spirit and from the side of Jesus Christ – Holmes is concerned that we engage in conversations about ethics in light of the contemporary presence and determining ministry of Jesus Christ. He seeks to take with full seriousness the fact that ethics is a function of christology, the human counterpart to Christ’s vicarious obedience and faith. ‘Ethics’, he writes, ‘is simply action evoked by and participant in his saving action and saving obedience. Accordingly, ethics is behavior that recognizes “the pioneer and perfecter” of our faith’. Ethical acts, in other words, are acts aligned to the presence of a particular person, and to what that person – Jesus Christ – is now doing. Accordingly, ethics is not concerned with the good abstractly understood or indeed with any norm or concept apart from a particular living person. And Holmes calls upon Christians to continually turn to the person who speaks through his Word.
It's Sunday so you know what that means! Sunday Comment Game Winners! Today's winning names that were drawn were:
“Despite his limited education, he had an amazing ability to learn anatomical names and recognise anomalies,” Hickman says. Apart from a skilled assistant, Naki cherishes his role as an educator. “In my so-called career as a surgical research lecturer, I taught more than three thousand professors,” he says proudly.
"Please, please come back next week."
bring 5 qts to boil, add sugars to ensure that they dissolve well. Cool it down. Add extract, sugar water, and the rest of the water into a keg. Purge the airspace with CO2. Refridgerate and force carbonate. Bingo! Root beer.
What's next for Playgirl?
Last week, the Dow Jones industrial average plunged to its lowest level since the low in 2008… S&P lowered its credit rating of theUS…. what does this mean for real estate (since, of course, it’s all about real estate for a Realtor)? While I’m not an economist, I thought I would share my perspective and the latest home sales statistics for theAtlanta,Georgiamarket (my home).
ENCLAVE was the first in Ann Aguirre's Razorland series, and I loved it! It had the winning combination of a kick-butt heroine, swoon-worthy boys, and zombies. I was SO excited to meet Ann at RT Teen Day 2012. She was amazing and gave me some exciting tidbits about OUTPOST: there will be lots of kissing. Maybe even a little more than kissing. And although Ann didn't say, I'm quite certain the kissing is with a certain boy, and not with one of the zombies (known as "Freaks" in this world). Cause...ew?
The state-owned companies will do business directly with the government and most likely compete with the private sector.
A fed up and pissed off Girl from Singapore.
The current American concept of hope would not have lasted long in the protracted downward spiral of the Roman world. The concept of hope as an ethical virtue, by contrast, became universally accepted during that same downward spiral. Why? Because hope, to translate its definition out of the ornate moral philosophy of the day, isn’t a sense of entitlement that insists that good things will inevitably come one’s way. Rather, it’s the recognition that some good can be achieved no matter what the circumstances might be, combined with a sustained willingness to try.
This recipe is in four parts: the soup, the dumplings, the tempering and then combining them all together. However, if you want to see a one-page version of the recipe, please click nilgiri’s kadhi pakodi.
4. Pay your way.
For more information (and persuading), contact Lorraine Carter , CNIE-RCIE President, or Tim Howard at cnie-rcie@cnie-rcie.ca Other board members are also happy to hear from you too:
Lastly, justifying this disclosure by citing the “public interest” in knowing information about this program means the paper has given itself free license to expose any covert activity that it happens to learn of - even those that are legally grounded, responsibly administered, independently overseen, and highly effective. Indeed, you have done so here.
There were kids at school who had all sorts of inflictions and mine was a lazy eyelid. I still have it. At four it was quite obvious:
I used pre-sliced and pounded pork loins.
You've been lucky, as you know from the lack of parcels you've received containing excreta. But don't delay. I poop every day.
But then when you look at a metric like the S & P 500 it's at levels not seen since the financial crisis hit.
www.angeliamenchan.com
- about a 1/4 C. natural applesauce (added once oats begin to thicken)
When their precious daughter, Colette was diagnosed with Wilms Tumor and passed away, Nancy and Jim Chuda looked in vain for any clues to the cause of her condition. Much to their surprise, they found that there was very little scientific research on the link between the growing incidence of childhood cancer and environmental toxins. These grieving parents became a voice for the nation and the world by founding the non-profit, Healthy Child Healthy World to educate parents about important things to do to keep their family safe from environmental toxins.
Seriously, WTF? Well I guess now we understand why Romney won't support gay marriage!
(includes very mild CAMPUS spoilers)
I’m still waiting for the sun to shine.
Think about it, if you have your period you’ll bring your own tampons/pads. How many times have you gone somewhere and needed a sewing kit or hair styling supplies?
I have been watching Riley and Rosie's interactions closely, and I'm coming to think that his growls are, for the most part, growls to keep her in line, not growls that might turn into an attack. They are playing more. He goes into the play bow with her a couple of times a day now. And you know what? I think that my boy has been lonely. Other than the occasional Patches visit, he has not had anyone to play with for quite some time; Boscoe was not much for playing the last few years.
There are some parts in the story which are truly frightening and I realised this is becoming a common theme in a lot of younger children's these days - and I think this is a good thing. Kids are growing up in a very different world these days and their capacity of understanding what they see on the television or on the streets is much more than we give them credit for. And that's one of the beauties of books - they not only provide entertainment - they help us understand ourselves, our world around us and even why we do the things we do.
Forty-five minutes later, loaded down with pamphelets, a catalogue, a business card and feeling drained but satisfied, we crossed the street and hit Tim Hortons for coffee whereupon I realized that everyone was sitting with other people in the coffee shop, cell phones in hand, ignorning those they were with, to play with their phones. Not one of them were talking to one another. They were all busily texting, swpying, watching videos or tv, talking to others elsewhere and not giving the actual flesh and blood people they were with, so much as a glance, let alone a word.
For those uninitiated folk who are wondering what the heck haggis is, I offer the ingredients list from the MacSween (Guardians of Scotland’s National Dish) Haggis package: lamb offal, beef fat, oatmeal, water, onion, salt, pepper, spices. Except for that first ingredient, it sounds pretty tame.
Note: Updated 24th Oct
And so we sat and softly bent,
Marcia Standifer of Spring Creek, near Elko, and her husband were out drinking coffee when they saw the fireball at the same time. "It was a very bright ball of white light, then dimmer to the horizon," she said. "We thought this was very unusual due to the bright daylight and how vivid the object was."
I made a mistake of believing that because I loved to read thrillers, that I should then write them. Yeah…um, no.
To every child: good example;
vs 10: And Rizpah the daughter of Aiah took sackcloth, and spread it for her upon the rock, from the beginning of harvest until water dropped upon them out of heaven, and suffered neither the birds of the air to rest on them by day, nor the beasts of the field by night.
Date of Performance:
How do you store your pretties?
Ben flinched.
"The Colonel tells me that his Afronaut has not yet been able to see space but expects it any day now, once he disentangles himself from the palm trees in front of the space centre."
Norma Smires was born in 1912, a world away from 21st-century America. Children were educated in one-room schoolhouses, with only a blackboard, a few books, and the wisdom of their elders handed down through the generations. They had chores before and after school--feeding chickens, chopping wood, milking cows, growing, harvesting, and cooking food, etc. They were expected to contribute to the family in an adult capacity by age twelve or thirteen. Their playtime was filled with outdoor activities and games of their own imagining. Storebought toys were a luxury few families could afford, so toys were homemade (if there were any at all). Allowances came in the form of CENTS, not dollars. In 1912, if you wanted to eat, you had to cook, three times a day, seven days a week. Every piece of laundry was done by hand. Homes were cleaned by hard work, not the countless array of modern conveniences we take for granted today. Girls married young, and stayed married. They had large families, and each child was born at home, not in a hospital. Holidays were family events, not advertising windfalls. Living life was hard, but enjoying life was easy, with pleasures such as growing flowers, sipping sweet tea on a porch swing, church, ice cream socials, and family get-togethers. That your neighbors would help you in the midst of hardship was a given, not a hope. Courtesy, manners, and good sportsmanship were the first things a child learned, and they were nonnegotiable.
The opportunity arose to see them at the Royal Albert Hall. I jumped at the chance because the 1997 gig was a classic. I think that the 1997 concert was not advertised very much and only really became famous after the release of the live album. Touted as a ‘career spanning event’ I could hardly sleep for weeks.
If you want chocolate whipped cream, add in the unsweetened cocoa powder and beat the whipped cream until it is well incorporated. That’s it. Now you have chocolate whipped cream! Chill for an hour or two before serving. Again, lick the spatula and the beaters :)
Total Weight Gain/Loss: By my scale +12 so far... I hope to keep up this only 4 lbs a month weight gain... and my butt needs to not get ANY bigger!
It's the tree collard that a dear friend gave me. I knew that these perennial vegetables grow very long and tangled stems, so I had planted it in a corner of my cramped yard, out of the way of annual beds.
One of the best perks of being posted in KSA is taking advantage of the Eid holidays for extended vacations without using precious leave time. I have been incredibly lucky to be able to take advantage of three of the four while I've been in country.
When women are warned not to cry, usually it’s to not appear weak in front of male colleagues or superiors.
Just like their other sister's restaurants- in a large part of their dining area are glass tanks filled with live fishes and crustaceans with tagged prices to match.
My hubby works at the local food store and sells my cards
Bauhaus She’s in parties D
Pour la porte du paradis.
I want to thank Brian Mallon for taking the time out of his schedule to conduct this interview. I really had a lot of fun and learned a lot, and of course, getting some inside scoop on the Gods and Generals director’s cut was really cool. I still consider Brian to be one of the more underrated actors I have ever seen, and hopefully he will get more exposure so that more may learn of his many talents.
We then spent some quiet time, just recovering and enjoying each other.
For the salvation of the world!
For comments click on this story and the comments page will come out at the end. As old as I am with centuries you’d think I could figure out this blog thing. More soon.
Soon after my parents reconciled and started working on their relationship, I was conceived. Leah was 4 when I was born and she took to the big sister role quite well. She did however struggle with sharing the attention of our parents. For a while it had been just Leah and our mom, and she had just got her dad back when I popped out. That was difficult for her, but the real issue came around when I was able to talk and assert myself. Around the age of 4 or 5 I no longer took orders and had my own ideas and opinions. When I was 1 my brother Bryan was born and he became my BFF. I no longer needed Leah as a playmate and it appealed to me that I didn’t have to do whatever she told me, in order to have a friend in her. I had an equal now in Bryan, and Leah soon withdrew from my life.
And that reminds me... we have a BRAND NEW POLICY here at DEAD AIR: Whenever rude Tea Party idiots show up here and try to defend the evil, selfish, immoral Rich Criminal Pigs currently attempting to ROB THE PEOPLE? I print a new Tea Party cartoon. Obviously, they need one.
You will make me open carefully
This layout was put together very easily. I love that most of the papers already have embellished little alcoves. It makes it so easy to layer a couple of elements and create a full cohesive page. The chipboard accents that come with this collection are so awesome! They're self-adhesive so it's as easy as popping them out and sticking them down. The little honeycomb stickers are my favorite. :-)
er --
Mind you, I've got many many other nieces and nephews -- okay okay, six additional nieces and nephews -- as well, but I only got to see two out of those addtional six this past week. These two:
She hears the echo of her footsteps
You have continued to stick out your silly little tongue! We always joke that if your tongue is moving, you are happy! :) You have also become very talkative this month. You are especially cute when you "sing" yourself to sleep during nap time. As I am singing to you (usually "You are my sunshine") you are right there humming along! I love it!
7 Do you eat large quantities of food at one time (binge)?
The mine is already in production and through the development of the mine it aims to increase output significantly. The first shipments of thermal coal departed the port of Beira in December. The first coking coal shipment is planned for the middle of this year.
Refreshments will be served and we will do an activity with your children.
FIRST of all, I believe we have discussed my alter ego in a past post, but I am entirely too sleepy to go looking for it. Anyway, overview: my alter ego is a character in a novel that I have been writing since … well, birth, practically … anyway, I spoke to my alter ego today. Yeah, eff it. I’m not ashamed. I talk to my alter ego. So what? He is my exact opposite, so sometimes I consult the What Would My Alter Ego Do, or WWMAED, to get answers to my issues.
Fennel seeds - 1/2 tbsp
It boils down to this. I believe God spoke to me over and over and over again about our circumstances. I believe He spoke to others about our circumstances. Do I understand what all that means? I don’t know that I do. Will I be guilty of staying silent for fear of being wrong? God forbid.
Looking at 44 lake-breezes from Lake Michigan in the Chicago region from March to November 2005, Jason Keeler, a graduate student in the University of Illinois Department of Atmospheric Sciences, and David Kristovich, head of the Center for Atmospheric Sciences in the Illinois State Water Survey, found that in many instances, the lake breeze acted as if the city wasn’t there. Nearly 30 percent of the lake breezes moving through the city reached as far as 30 miles inland.
Now, he is said to have said, “It shall be done unto to you as you believe.” In other words, if you believe your efforts on this planet will make it a better place to live, and I mean if you really believe it in your heart, that’s what you’re going to be making. So, let’s call this a law since, if it is true, it works according to how it is used, and must work according to how it is used. I could start getting Euclidian on this concept, but the point is the law is that it shall be done unto you as you believe. The other law, or rather the working-to-the-extent-of-being-experiential definition of God, is absolutely everything without exception; from our perspective especially the whole of humanity since together we comprise most of the highest levels of consciousness we are typically aware of. And when I say higher I do mean compared to a rock, or a gerbil, or a head of lettuce, etc . . .
the pink wall
#77 ANDREW DATKO- Offensive Tackle- Florida St.:
and have a giveaway!
I know, it's weird.
Once I finally started writing those opening few pages to Milligan and Murphy one thing became clear: it was set sometime in the past. In my head the timeframe is the mid-nineteen-thirties and, as with Beckett, there are a few cultural references to draw on, if you’re keen to pin it down. Firstly, there is a scene where one of the characters talks about being in a mental hospital. The 1930 Mental Treatment Act modernised many terms: asylums became known as mental hospitals and so the book has to be set after this date. Secondly, one of the ships mentioned at the end of the novel is the Homeric which was built for North German Lloyd in 1913 and named Columbus. Construction was halted until 1914 due to the World War and the ship ceded to Britain in 1919 where it was sold to White Star and Dominion Lines and renamed Homeric. Its route was Southampton-New York and it was scrapped in Scotland in 1936. So, mid-nineteen-thirties.
Theme next week: Art on stamps.
double-sided tape
~ Raymond Carver
You write on the glass with a dry erase maker and start filling in things.
First things first. Intro the beer FIRST, and then say who's drinking it in the next post. Yes, excellent idea. And as my post title should tell you, if you don't want what I'm offering, don't take it.
They should not have the information forced upon them.
Wall Drug Store in on I-90 in Wall, South Dakota has become a famous stop for tourists. You'll see their entertaining roadside signs for miles in every direction. In addition to gobs of parking space (including a sign requesting aircraft to park at the airport), Wall Drug offers food, western gear and lots of gifts and souvenirs. It's still a drug store, too.
4. Dry-Hopped Pale Ale, a dry-hopped extract from Jon Southard
I made a couple little errors but I knew that this first time would be more of a learning experience than anything. I even got my machine manual out and tried all of the different feet. It was so fun and going great until I forgot to switch my stitch and broke a needle. Ugh. My husband came home and saw that I was bummed so he made me drink a bottle of champagne. Seriously.
My uncle and aunt live in Lott as well, and they're the real deal. Uncle Mead is an honest-to-god cowboy (horse breaker/trainer, rancher, rodeo rider), vet, auctioneer, tobaccy spitter, and social butterfly. At about 72 now, there is nobody he doesn't know. He is adorable. The notable addition to their ranch is the off-road golf cart Uncle Mead now uses to get around the place. Yeehaw!
Upon leaving the United States, I had every good intention of starting a blog of my foreign travels and experiences. Now, six months on, I have gobs of photos and already-softening memories. For goodness sake, it’s time to get this blog going! My hope is to capture snapshots of my travels and some commentary on life in the UK.
Matt Leinart is in a familiar role as Carson Palmer’s backup at quarterback.
Now that we have some custom content, let’s do something with it. The first thing you might want to do is edit the Player’s character. We’ll do this by going into the Database.
If your palette needs pleasing and your belly needs warming, this is the dish for you. Perfect after a weekend of Thanksgiving indulgences!
See, Boyd and Doris are more mature than Alex. They know that theft, vandalism, and immature videos don’t accomplish anything. They think what you should do is use the political process to deny equal rights to your lesbian and gay neighbors. Because after all, what’s the point of being a Christian if you can’t beat other people over the head with your bigotry and superstition, and use Jesus as an excuse for harming other people?
Dear Bill collectors-
“How ya doin’ Ma?” I asked.
I have been working on this album alongside other projects for the last five years. Since I moved to London I've met a lot of people and have been trying various approaches to music. I was only fifteen when I joined Gus Gus, but at that age one hasn't necessarily found ones path as a musician. When you're a teenager you're trying out all kinds of stuff, and I learned a lot from being in a band like Gus Gus. All the collaboration I've had with various musicians has taught me a lot and had it's say in molding the musician I am today.
I was talking about this today with one of my work clients, and for some reason, the conversation about me and my hands made me (surprise) emotional. I told her that for me, groundedness always begins with the hands, but I've known feet people (yogis), breath people (meditators), even tongue people (anyone who has ever done a Master Cleanse).
-What was W’s food of choice all day yesterday? Cheerios. All. Friggin’. Day. Oh, and what time did he finally go down for his nap. 6:30 p.m. Yeah, we got this sleeping thing all figured out. Not.
Shoes: Vintage Photo, Black Soot
