More surprisingly, the meet and greet was good, and it included some interesting folks.
And every other minute I wonder... what have I done? To my life? To my child? To my career?
Taken on March 8th. It's much greener now! That is the town of Creston, nestled on the hillside between the escarpment of the Skimmerhorn mountains, and the Creston Flats where I live- the flats are land reclaimed from the Kootenay River by a system of canals.
My sister had a ton of She-ra related dolls. Incidentally, that cartoon has JUST recently returned to television--on a retro cartoon channel. And guess what?! IT'S HORRIBLE. No, there are no words to convey how truly FREAKING LAME that cartoon is/was.
SMALL PA Jr, BENDER BS. Vaccination against influenza in health adults. Letter – comment. N Engl J Med 1996; 334: 402-403.
clouds in progress, ongoing roads.
Although this post is not about a homeschooling family, I could not resist sharing this video with everyone who reads this blog. This seemed to be a good time since it can serve as kind of a break before we move into the next 100 homeschooling family interviews.
Sat 19th May Quiz Night 9pm.
Won't you please help me help them?
Jameson was such a nice break from a female main character. I love my strong girls and all, but guys in real life are generally much chiller than a lot of chicks and that seems to follow through into literature as well. Even though relationships around him are falling apart, Jameson isn’t over angsty or a bad boy.
- Anurag – Business plan competitions at IIT Kanpur, Mumbai and a few other places
I didn't argue the point, just told John “no” over and over. It got so much that I even told him he could keep the entire bag. That we'd say goodbye like everyone else, and then he'd go up to his room in the hostel and I'd traipse on home to mine and through time and space we'd raise a needle to friendship and history. John wasn't happy with my snub, but he got to keep the entire bag of smack and I think that's what bought him.
Biddy Burke from County Galway is one of my favourites. She ends one letter Queensland for ever and agus an baile beag go brâth (and the small town forever)[i]….pertinent in relation to Hidden Ireland (see below), and demonstrating her loyalty to both her old and new homes.
Top of the box
It was not until this morning when I was roaming around the kitchen making coffee that it occurred to me that I had not had a drink at all yesterday. Water, tea, of course. Nothing alcoholic. The good news was twofold - I didn't miss it and I didn't feel any different this morning. If I'd felt all bright and clear-headed, it would have been a bit worrying. As it was ... no, the usual grouchy Z.
No doubt Friso was hired by GS to look for high potential possibilities in the field of big brother-technologies for optimizing the NWO control grid of the world population through micro-chipping, radio-tracking, body-scanning and satellite-spying.
on weaving knitting soldering my abdominals back together
With crunchy walnuts thrown in for good measure, these are everything you could wish for in a blondie. Or a cookie. And forget about eating just one. It's impossible. They are completely and irrepressibly addicting.
I am back on the meal planning wagon this week.
Originally Posted March 11, 2012
Well, something will probably work out. It always does.
What if you decide to keep living for you - not for others, but for yourself?
Ultimately, deferring was the right decision. Only 10 percent of all lottery entrants actually get into the race, and since I'm not fast enough to enter with a qualifying time, this one entry is probably the only shot at New York I'll ever have. So rather than stumble through a once-in-a-lifetime experience in pain and risk a DNF (perhaps even worse than a DNS), I backed out. Hopefully next year I'll be 100 percent and can experience New York at its fullest.
*Sl st 1, sc 1, dc 1, tr 1, dc 1, sc 1, sl st 1*, rep on the opposite side (which now looks like regular sc because you crocheted in the bumps)
It was fun to catch up with the neighbors that answered their doors. We briefly chatted about what their kids (my neighborhood friends) were doing now that we're all older, married, with kids...I was disappointed that a few houses didn't have their porch light on signaling they were giving out candy - I wanted to say 'hi' and get an update on them and their kids.
paper by a chimp! (And without mixing genres, an ayatollah--just like
Themselves are only mystic books, which we
So... what am I going to do about all this excitement? I'm going to have a giveaway! You can get both of these adorable packets.
I gotta admit, when I first heard about our group blog I was a little weary. Especially hearing that we were going to attempt to relate it all back to Temple University. I thought it would come off as forced. Our classmates write blog about a wide variety of subjects and I didn’t honestly see them all fitting together. Selfishly, I wondered what the hell I would write since I had stuck to movies and sports for most of my material. I knew I didn’t want to write about Temple films (because then I’d have to watch them. Self-zing!) and with basketball season well over I didn’t have any other Temple teams I followed available for a write-up.
Holy entering of love
Irish potatoes
Execute out Where Your Clients Do
And we did – 7!, to be exact.
Big sister Macie is so far adjusting well. Penny seems to have her days and nights mixed up, so of course we're sleep deprived, but she's well worth it. Breast Feeding feels much more successful this time. Tomorrow afternoon we have a well baby/mother exam with the hospital so we'll be able to weigh her and see how she's eating. She's been nursing quite a bit, and my breasts feel engorged so I'm thinking my milk is coming in this time.
Of course along the way, I discover that a character doesn't want to behave as I expected, and things have to change. Usually I make a note of the change that needs to happen in the other thread and keep going, though sometimes it is a big enough change that I feel I have to go revisit the other thread right away to keep things consistent.
Principle Sal took the book bag and opened it. He started to take out stacks of money.
"You just look at the TV." duh "Oh and if you see a yellow bar, you have to step on the pedal."
I do not hang to talk about it has mens wash bag with all of Louis Vuitton aficionados.??? Taken care of regarding supple fierce calf leatherette based on discreetly stamped Louis Vuitton premiere may cotton art work paving, the years have Mohave recreational basket is associated with the main Ut set range.
... announced once the move is completed.
Seneca, Missouri.....look it up. Downtown looks like the old west with 1 flashing light no red lights, a Subway and a DQ, and of course your mom and pop diners. And don't forget the new $100 million casino my husband is building. Really?! No Walmart-but your building a $100 million casino and hotel..anyway... Next, start school......who has a bad first day? who's crying in the car? ME! They were a little nervous, but I'm the one crying. Only because I can still read there sweet little faces. Even though they are 13,12 and 11, they still look 3,2, and 1 when they are scared! I could not wait til they got out at 3 to hear all about there awful day with all these hillbillies!! Didn't happen... they had a great day! Everyone was super friendly, already knew there names and had been waiting on them to get there. Of course Nick is already the most popular, the girls are after the new Justin Beiber ( Zack) and Gavin is every ones buddy! If you don't know them this describes their personalities perfectly.
It is highly introvertive and encourages deep contemplation, or meditation.
And a white shimmering concourse rolls
I’ve lived in the state of Texas for over 15 years and its taken me nearly that long to truly consider myself Texan… Why do I say that? Because it wasn’t until last year that I finally bought a pair of cowboy boots. Next time you meet someone from Texas ask them if they own a pair of cowboy boots – I suspect the answer is yes 9 out of 10 times. Here in Austin they are one of the most versatile pieces of footwear a gentleman can own; you can wear them any number of ways.
“Newsweek also reported that the camp was run by the Zetas cartel, and the magazine said that U.S. law enforcement believed that all of the weapons had originally been purchased in the United States:
Change may be good to some degree, but just remember where it all originated from.
the carts out the pits pushed on by one;
In tensil and Sharpie, "God Bless the USA."
Amber waves of grain adorn the engaging ruby hued brew with a crown of tan foam. Sugar cookie, caramel, bitter lemon and grapefruit, with intense pine oil hop profile blankets the nose. The taste is very strong of malt then slips into a lip-smacking juicy hoppiness, with citrus rind and a medium dry feel on the palate. When it warms, there is some rum, fruit cake, raisins, and honey in the aroma. After a few sips, the sticky lace clings to the glass beautifully. Bigfoot could age beautifully for 2-5 years, but why wait - grab it now and save a couple for later. I really love this beer!
Jeff: "Dunno man, there's no date that's for sure,"
... and Abby wanted a new friend and flew to "kiss" one of the bikers...
And then I realized one of the central themes of Holy Week: contrast. From beginning to end, Holy Week contains both the most exuberant highs and the most crushing lows. On Palm Sunday, Jesus entered town as a king; less than a week later, He was executed as a criminal. On Holy Thursday, He shared the last meal of His life with his closest friends; hours later, those same friends abandoned, denied and betrayed Him.
Remarkably, these politicians have even threatened to destroy a vital Forest Agreement, currently underway with the Australian Federal government, which would pay the state hundreds of millions of dollars to protect its high conservation forest areas.
Interestingly ‘pulagam’ is the telugu word for ‘pongal’ made to please the sun on makara Sankranthi day.
I don't know about you guys, but I like my fictional naked men to have a little confidence. Some self-assurance. Something that says "I'm naked, you're looking, so what of it? Let's make something happen." This fuzzy fellow looks extraordinarily uncomfortable (and really, who can blame him), but I think he could benefit from some lessons from naked bachelor number 2....
Wed. Apr. 18: Esoteric Wine Tasting at William Cross (Russian Hill)
I was bluffing....of course.....
And if you can’t work together, there’s most definitely not any app to solve it.
This merry month of May 2012 is more like a multi-dimensional merry-go-round at a psychedelic funfair yet with happy hands that keep guiding us as to our next unexpected turn to the left or right or sideways or diagonally or vertically or in reverse. Of course, if you have experience of motorbiking in overcrowded Asian cities without confining crash helmets or wing mirrors you will be well used to propelling yourself in little jumps in all directions by a kind of instinctive anticipation of threats and opportunities fast approaching from all directions at once (with subtle sonic clues and extensive use of peripheral vision).
Ranging from the now infamous village of New Dachang in the United Federation of China, where the epidemiological trail began with the twelve-year-old Patient Zero, to the unnamed northern forests where untold numbers sought a terrible and temporary refuge in the cold, to the United States of Southern Africa, where the Redeker Plan provided hope for humanity at an unspeakable price, to the west-of-the-Rockies redoubt where the North American tide finally started to turn, this invaluable chronicle reflects the full scope and duration of the Zombie War.
I am now a proud member of Miss Applesauce Pants and the Exploding Diaper Band.
So, it'll be okay, right? You can ration that wine for...3 bottles...so.. 3, MAYBE 4 days...
This week an image continues to replay in my head:
Row 1- Attach with sc to any open loops from row 21 of bottom. Sc in each open loop around. (60 ) *I did this so my jagged color changes were to the back of the bag.
Bloodied and forsaken from years attacked.
That is kind of the basis for the theme of this week. I will ONLY be using cuts from the Sampler Cricut cartridge, and combining them with stamps from the K Andrew Designs stamp sets. Why? So many people look at a stamp set and see a "theme" and think that if they don't have a Cricut cartridge that fits that "theme" then they don't have a use for that stamp set . . . WRONG! This week several of the Getting Crickey Design Team Members are going to show you how many project ideas are out there from just one cartridge.
Eye Of The Tiger - Big Daddy (Survivor N’82)
The luck of the Irish. Might be the time to head out and kiss that Blarney Stone.
The Trapezoid is just one of the many rookie errors that new knitters make. Even if you don’t end up with an actual trapezoid, sometimes even more advanced knitters will end up with extra stitches in their rows. One in our group was working with ribbon yarn for the first time and she had the devil of a time keeping the stitches from slipping or accidentally increasing in the middle of her rows. Three days ago, I ended up with an extra stitch in a sleeve I was knitting. I realized, to my chagrin, that I had not counted the slip knot at the beginning of my cast-on as a stitch. I’ve not made that mistake in years, but I had cast-on in a hurry, and wasn’t paying attention. Pride goeth before the frog(ging) …
my God is my rock, in whom I take refuge,
For there is not one agent on the planet that likes every single book on the NYT bestseller list. For every book on that list there are agents who passed on it and editors who passed on it and it's just part of the business. There's even a "fun" game we agents and editors like to play called "Well, I passed on X." The bigger and more successful X is, the more you up the ante. It's not a game you really like to win of course, but it sure makes you feel better to play.
Hey Folks!
37. Chocolate War, The: Robert Cormier
Most of what I do these days revolves around the community orchestra (see Tuscarawas Philharmonic in the side bar). I create the newsletter and shoot and develop brief videos about each concert, practice my horn, and take care of smaller tasks that come up unexpectedly. It's like a job except that it doesn't pay beyond the satisfaction of knowing I'm working for a worthwhile organization, and I get to say "check" a lot.
As the meerkat says, “Simples”.
Starts at 8AM on October 16, 2010 and will continue until October 17, 2010 at 11:30PM!
Here are two other songs that remind me of Ryan, esp. when I tweak the words in my head to fit our situation.
- M.Barbour/J. Siko
Burleigh Brewing
It was a pleasant surprise to find that while there have been many changes since MrsB and I last visited some 15 years ago, they have mostly been for the better. Most of the material on display in the various towers is still presented with "here are the facts" boards rather than some ghastly interactive nonsense, and while there was one area with a trio of actors attempting to get people involved it was definitely the only one. Of course there are still plenty of Yeoman Warders/Beefeaters wandering about and giving tours (free!) as well as other custodians, but they were good at blending into the background while still being obvious for those with questions. I lost count of how many steps we went up and down through the various towers and wall walks though.
A session chaired by Victoria Glendinning, in which editors Ben Barkow and Klaus Leist read from and discussed As If It Were Life, an account by Pilipp Manes of life in the Czech ghetto of Theresienstadt.
A few minutes later, she was busily looking at the corner for some reason, when out of nowhere, she said “The Souza has great powers” in an awe-inspired whisper, as though The Souza had just performed some miraculous feat.
This advice is excellent. Before you even begin writing your novel, you should write a character bio for each of your main players. Questions to ask: What is your character’s history? Where did she go to school? What is her favorite color? How many family members does she have? What is her biggest fear? What kind of job does she have, if any? What kind of grades does she get in school, and what is her favorite subject? Does she listen to music? Watch TV? Enjoy movies?
The record was manufactured in the U.S.A. which may or may not account for me finding this copy in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Yesterday, knee socks and uniform plaid became a predator's camouflage.
Because of your kind remarks, I'm much more comfortable in my clothing choice for the big day. Heck, you'd think I'm the bride with as much thought and preparation I've put into this! At any rate, I promise to tell you all about it next week. Thanks again!
Obama did not agree to the release of his application to the Illinois State Bar, which would have cleared up intermittent allegations that his application may have been inaccurate.
There are therefore no real successors to black cork in modern times. However, in 1933, shortly before EUB went into administration, they were brewing 54/– ale at an original gravity of 1030, 60/– at 1036 (though some brews of this went as high as 1042) and 210/– at 1090. This last ale was presumably the descendant of Disher’s Ten Guinea Ale which was praised (albeit in its own advertisements) in the 19th century as “the burgundy of Scotland”. It had already fallen in gravity from 1103 in 1928, so heaven knows how strong it had been in the 1800s. Perhaps that is, though certainly not a direct relation of black cork, the nearest known next of kin.
M&S have done some great shoes recently and I have seen a couple of very covetable pairs on blogs and being as I am always up for a bit of Shoe Porn, whether High End or High Street, that was where the cursor took me first. There wasn't really much on this occasion that grabbed me, but then I saw a pair of flatforms. Now flatforms are a type of footwear which speaks for its self, as in they are flat but have a platform, if that makes sense, and a certain daughter of mine is particularly enamoured with this kind of footwear at present, so I had never dreamed that such a style would be leaping into my shopping basket but with the wearing of heels becoming increasing difficult, they seemed like the perfect solution to wanting a bit of height during the day. Ballet flats may be chic with your jeans and mac but come summer its all about the sandal for me and to have a pair that adds an inch or two without making me look like I have the calves of a Russian weight lifter has to tick my box, not to mention that the black ones are reduced to £15!
One thing, though, Jeff: secular card? Bad form! What would Bill O'Reilly say?
The Mullan chap served a deserved 10 game ban because he broke Mr. Zakuani’s leg. I’m pretty sure that when he comes back to the field of play after the suspension he’ll feel like Michael Jackson’s American in Paris because he has been out of the game for 2-3 months at least.
Being a rainy day today, the little boys and I have spent the most of it inside and puzzles were a go to activity of choice. I vowed that today was going to be super unproductive given I'm nursing a sore ankle and I'm exhausted from a busy weekend, but I couldn't bring myself to shove the puzzles back in the same messy state that they've been kept in.
“As a protest, my bro has stopped donating to NUS. He told the sch that he doesn’t want any foreigners to benefit from his donation. He’ll rather donate to organisations that help needy Singaporeans.”
Seriously? Islamic Law? You're going to take Islamic Law into account? I'm pretty sure that under Islamic Law, Barack Obama is considered an infidel, no matter who his father was. Of course, I'm no expert, but then again, neither are you. And even if Islamic Law does consider him a Muslim, who gives a fuck? Since when do Christian ministers care what Islamic Law says about anything? Islamic Law could say that Franklin Graham is a brain-damaged invertebrate who only gets any time in the spotlight because daddy was famous, but that wouldn't make it true. I mean, it is true, but not because they said it.
Michael Sanford and his casting team, including the fabulous Heidi Levitt, have been tremendously supportive of my career and to me personally. I booked a commercial campaign for Dish Network through their office two months after moving to LA. I had stopped into his office to say thank you for another project we worked on and Michael told me to go home and put on a flapper outfit and come back. I auditioned for the role, Michel Hazanavicius liked my work, and the rest is history.
UPDATE: Perhaps the sellers at 25 Hettifred learned a lesson from their neighbor at 27, which has just come back on the market, again, at $999,000. This poor house has been looking for a buyer since 2005, when it was listed for $1.695 million. My guess is that the days of King Merritt acres busting a million are past, for the time being. Even $999 seems steep to me these days.
I do actually, the mic just doesn't pick it up well; and I was feeling a bit sinusy yesterday.
Apparently, he was having tremors in his arms and legs. He had been drinking.
It is time for another edition of The Session, and this time the theme is smoked beers. I have very little experience in smoked beers, so I took a visit to the nearest Vinomopolet outlet. There I found Ächt Schlenkerla Rauchbier Märzen - a German smoked beer from Bamberg.
a recent injury. Think of how
From a book I'm reading:
Of course the color schemes for all of the above would be different but you get the idea. At the bridal show, we met with a few florists. The nicest of the group was Ambati flowers. They started imagining up bunches of things that we could do and gave us rather reasonable price ranges too – better than pinwheel lady charges (though to be fair I had planned on making all that stuff myself for way cheaper… assuming I can and it doesn’t turn out looking hideous). So now I’m not sure. Maybe the bridesmaids and groomsmen will have flowers? What do you think? Go the traditional flower route (and maybe add in mini pinwheels to the bouquets)? Or just go with the pinwheels?
The initial idea for my first book, Puppet Master, was sparked by the legend that tells how Prague was founded by a young woman called Libuše. Prophetess, healer and wise woman, Libuše was elected to be her tribe’s first ever queen and foretold Prague’s greatness as a city of spires and gold. Both Puppet Master and my second book, The Alchemist and the Angel, incorporate several such tales and legends – from Prague-specific stories about blinded clockmakers and golem creatures fashioned from clay, to Czech and Slovak folktales populated by trickster devils and tree stumps that transform into greedy children.
Hey! At least I got the "before" and "after"!
Copy obtained from the library
Handstitched gifts may seem set to do but when you really think around it, it’s actually pretty comfortable as eternal as you experience what you requirement to do and you bonk how to do it. But what if you are the typewrite of person who do not score any artful ivory in their body, how can you create a oversewn inheritance when you possess no air what you are doing. Good, lucky for those kinds of fill, there are construction to piddle certain that you get all the supply that you can get. Here are few of the things that can helpfulness you with your handmade talent. Perspicacity books
Believe it or not, next Tuesday I have to fly out to my least favorite place, Las Vegas. My dear friend is finally going to marry her Chinese boyfriend of 20+ years at the Elvis chapel. I am in this wedding. I believe that an asian pantsuit is arriving today for me to wear, and I will spend at least part of this day on "Asian Elvis" nosegays for us ladies in the wedding party to carry. Its safe to say this is my wildest friend of all time and what is waiting for us in Vegas is an exercise in apprehension.
Looking back, it’s funny to think that even thought I loved the edgy photography of Bob Carlos Clarke, how shocked I was. It was the middle of the afternoon and I vividly remember standing out a mile from the leather and latex clad crowd, and the men walking around in ‘the all together’ like they were walking down the high street on a Saturday afternoon. I was surprised at how unthreatened I felt, although I did run a mile when a very polite and well dressed man asked if he could lick my boots!
I was on a track that was guided by others early on. By junior high, I was sure I wanted to be an electronics engineer. It was an improved version of my dad. Coming out of high school, I switched to being a business person. I wanted to be someone who managed and led people. This orientation was amplified in college.
But my analogy is wandering too far afield, and it’s not Davis’s only fault. The other grating aspect of the book is that the man’s eye for detail is incredibly unreliable. I mean, I’ve read a number of pulpy novels in which the author (who knows nothing about guns) describes a gunshot victim as being “knocked back” by the force of the bullet (which is nonsense). But Davis is so ill-informed (or so careless) that he at one point describes a shot coyote literally bouncing as the force of the bullet drives it to the ground. If the man ever went hunting, clearly he kept his eyes closed at all the critical moments—and that goes for any physics classes he may have taken, as well. For an author who thinks my fascination with weird Oregonian pioneers ought to be high enough to get detailed recipes for canning venison, his inattention to relatively minor matters is very strange. No team and wagon on earth could have survived the hell-ride Sheriff Geary and Clay take down a flooded and badly-graded mountain road—at one point, the wagon is sideways, careening downhill at breakneck speed, and dragging the horses down with it like Messala in Ben-Hur. Somehow, the moment the wagon comes to a stop, the horses, which should be beaten into dog food at this point, get up and start pulling it again like they’d been taking a nap. Now, I grant you, a novelist can do this sort of thing for humor—the circumstances which fill Bertie Wooster’s bedroom with cats in “Sir Roderick Comes to Lunch” are hardly likely, but P. G. Wodehouse gets plenty of latitude given that A) believability was totally irrelevant to his genius, and B) the stories are friggin’ hilarious, which covers a multitude of sins. If Davis is trying to write a comic novel, it needs to be funnier—and I don’t think his intentions are comic. I just don’t think he’s very good at much of this.
Anyway, that's what it's like to slam your gaffer's wife. Frankly, I don't think I can stop.
skinned her of her talismans.
Invisible
Source: For Review from Publishers
9) The Same Place by Centaur - from "In Streams"
Even though we are technically in the dead of summer, with school starting in just a couple of weeks all I've been thinking about lately is fall fashion. I'm getting so excited to wear deep reds, the perfect trench coat, peter pan collars, hints of leopard, cropped sweaters, structured bags, wooly knits, black and white stripes, classic loafers, trousers with blazers, and crisp button-downs.
It was then pitched with a large starter of Budwar yeast WLP802, made from three vials pitched on 20l of starter wort. Yeast was allowed to drop out and then the wort poured off the top and just the sludge pitched.
I am doing this because LGBT youth are at much greater risk for suicide. The numbers are there, there is no denying it. I also know this from my own personal experience because as a teenager I attempted suicide. Growing up with a strict baptist upbringing the concept of being openly gay was not even an option I considered for myself back then. As a teenager when I was finally coming to terms with my sexuality and accepting myself I knew that I was going to be in for a very long difficult journey. The one message I want to send to anyone struggling with coming out is that yes, the journey gets better.
Though I certainly don't espouse to be a fan of John Boehner, I have to say that I appreciate his somewhat pragmatic approach to this debt ceiling argument; although, I have to say that I'm sure he's looked at the political ramifications of letting our national credit rating downgrade, and he's having visions of 1996 dancing in his head. Eric Cantor on the other hand, has chosen to side with the obstinate Republicans in the House, and is willing to go down in flames simply to make a point (a point that no one cares about or is paying any attention to).
I THINK: I don't believe a marriage works that way. You don't plan a safety net for if or when your marriage dissolves. I don't plan on my marriage ending so I suppose this is a non-issue for me. Naive? Perhaps. My beliefs? Totally. Also, seriously? You're ridiculous. (Yeah, this doesn't differ much - haha.)
Are you families like mine? THEY love our child dearly but they all secretly compete to get her the IT GIFT and get the glory. Kinda takes the total meaning out of the day - but hey - again - who am I to judge?
Stephen Shore (9 postcards and 1 chromogenic print, 1972, 1973/2002)
take it out of the pan and set it aside (but leave the butter and olive oil that's left in the pan).
Roof-vent covers allow us to operate the roof-vent fan during wet weather. We can also drive down the highway with our roof vent open and know it will still be there at the end of the day.
1990- Creature Comforts
Elevate the cake by supporting the “chimney” of the tube pan over an inverted glass. This is to “air” the cake surface so as to prevent condensation from forming.
However, these particles can also cause magnetic storms, which in extreme cases have been known to disrupt satellites and electricity grids.
We also learn the status of Falco’s new house and the frustrating slowness of the contractors who are working on building the bath house. And Helena is pregnant with Falco’s second chil so there is a need for more room for living space. Nux has given birth to a large puppy which now belongs to Maia’s eldest Marius. And Maia and Anacrites have been seen together quite often. Jupiter! Three down, 47 books to go.
Trade in the car and close that chapter. One can't grieve forever.
falsely promised to me
“So you see, I trust God. Nothing is beyond his sight or his control. I don’t leave the money out for everyone to see, but safes and banks just keep the honest people away and they were never a threat in the first place.”
‘David is my cousin,’ Petro explained, ‘and the one who got me into all this.’
· The number-one selling lager in Ireland is Budweiser.
Nonetheless, I persist in believing that it is not beyond your profession to invent ways to educate youth along these lines. (Because) there is no more precious environment than our language environment. And even if you know you will be dead soon, that’s worth protecting.
Every Christian is called to be vine worker
arched and curious and
I've never been in love
But when the former Microsoft IT specialist went to exit the country on 20 March, he was stopped while boarding his flight by ministry of interior officers. Although Al Raas was travelling on a Canadian passport, he was hauled into a room at Bahrain’s international airport and detained for several hours during which time he was hooded, interrogated and physically assaulted. That was just the beginning of his nightmare.
The dong on Wednesday was little changed at 20,630 per dollar as of 2 p.m. local time, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The VN Index on the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange tumbled 4 percent today and is down about 20 percent in 2011, the biggest fall in Asia.
A local journalist was detained by police in the early hours of Monday morning on arrival at Nouakchott airport from Morocco. On Sunday, members of the Mauritanian media protested against police harassment and violent repression of the press. Meanwhile, the massive march on Sunday came to a stop outside the office of the national TV station.
We finally got on board the 1 nail glitter trend and it is oh so cute! Pretty sure the correct terminology isn't "disco nail" but we happen to like it so we're hoping it takes off ;-)
That’s not a rhetorical question, by the way. I’m truly curious.
I'll admit I troll around on Carmax.com from time-to-time looking at what kind of convertible inventory they've got available. You know...just for fun. But this past weekend, I couldn't help myself. I went and took a test drive of a pale blue 2006 Volvo C-70 that had less than 30,000 miles on it. Now mind you, I am in NO POSITION WHATSOEVER to purchase a car. Plus, my current vehicle--which is awesome--is a 2008, so I knew going in that there was no way I was going to try to buy this particular car. But it was SO FUCKING GORGEOUS I had to go and take it for a spin. Which I did. And there are no words to describe how bad I've got the CF now. I am so in love with this make/model of car, it's borderline psychotic. I. Want. One. Like, NOW!! And the little devil just keeps whispering "Do eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet" in my ear. But the angel--practical, level-headed bitch that she is--keeps pulling me back from the brink by whispering disturbing things about "debt" and "lack of job security" and "double dip recession" and "mid-life crisis" in my ear.
December 28 – A 10-year-old boy walked into a Kmart store in San Mateo on Wednesday afternoon, placed $20 on the counter and said he wanted to pay down a stranger’s layaway account.
This week I am mostly staying home while we have renovations to the house. We are spending a fortune on nasty plastic soffits and fascia's. Well I say nasty but it actually looks smart and dead right for the type of house we have. (Not listed or particularly old) So! The rotten and potentially leaking wood is gone and so is the bank account but hey!!
I slept late and woke up to the smell of Andy cooking. The sound of the kids running & giggling. And the sight of beautifully wrapped gifts in my chair. Because you know I love a good prize!
Republic of Korea
The report details how all of the previously considered alternative locations for Trident in Britain have been proven to be unsuitable. It concludes that if Scotland chooses independence this “could give a new push to global efforts towards a nuclear-weapons free world” and “whatever the result of the 2014 referendum, there is now a huge question mark over the future of the British nuclear weapons’ programme.”
As far as general Geldenhuys is concerned, his soldiers, colonels and generals defeated the Soviet/Cuban forces in Angola.
First of all, I have to say a huge THANK YOU to Chickenandcowlady for introducing me to ghee. It is a wonderful thing to have around, and I am not sure how I managed the first half of my life without it. My love for the stuff has been almost comical. I am not sure if this is one of my temporary OCD infatuation things, or if its permanent, but I can tell you I like ghee better than I liked Zac Effron, and I liked him a lot. (But have you seen him in the trailer for the The Lucky One? - Oh my, I'd still take him to raise!)
The Battle of Britain (dir. by Guy Hamilton, 1969)
Some readers may not like the ending, but I very much did. If you don’t like thrillers with ambiguous endings, you’re probably not going to like ‘The Testimony’. Very little is resolved. The What? How? and Why? almost fade into the background, and Smythe even leaves the reader with yet another unanswered question. What if? There is a clever change in direction, from apocalypse thriller, to introspective thought-provoker. The novel becomes about what makes us human, and how we respond to tragedy. Curiously, my abiding thought at the end of ‘The Testimony’ was the last line of the ‘Cat in The Hat’ – ‘What would you do?’. This questioning conclusion gives the novel added power over the reader, making it a wholly satisfying read.
Video Record (15 fps)
Simple design.
Does anyone NOT have a bundle of ribbon scraps lying
Good morning crafters & Friends
It's Thursday, which means there's only one day left in the week. Yay! It's supposed to be a nice weekend in the DFW area this weekend, so I'm looking forward to just hanging out, and being a bum. Maybe I'll grill something, with friends. Not sure what to do just yet. :)
“We wanted to celebrate China,” Mr. Tian said. “I think that’s understandable.”
And yes, I'm super-excited! Lifetime released the portfolios of its 20 (!) designers. There's also Facebook "Like" button, which only teaches us that being named Gunnar Deatherage will win every popularity contest.
to rhythm
Then gradually add the flour and milk and vanilla, alternating between the wet and dry ingredients. Mix well.
Do I want to line OSC's pockets with gold? Heck no. I don't pay for his books anymore, personally (though I certainly did as a kid). If somebody asks me what I think of him, I'll say this: He is a very good storyteller. Ender's Game is probably one of my most re-read books of all time. He's excellent at starting series (less successful at finishing them). He's extremely problematic personally/politically.
Put the ol foot up and read a book. All day. I finished the book with a sigh, rolled over and contemplated dinner. I made a beautiful little tapas plate, and plum tartin for dessert. Hot and with frozen yogurt. A bottle of wine. For myself.
Greetings can sometimes throw me off- like when someone asks, "How you going?" How am I going? By train? Oh... "I'm going good." I'm sure hearing "How you doing?" could be just as strange to Aussies.
God bless love you all
"Spooky," David whispered in his low-budget horror movie voice.
In the end, it's really up to you to get that story on the page. It's a little known secret that you and you alone will make it magical, beautiful, wonderful. Trust me, you don't need the Muse. Only don't tell her I said that . . .
The whole weekend, pretty much, was centered around the gay lifestyle. I'm pretty sure our hotel was a gay establishment, though they did not have a rainbow flag. Probably 65% of the patrons were gay. I felt very safe there. The bars we went to, gay. The people we met, gay. I loved every second of it. As a traveling woman, I think there are few safer places to hang out than a gay bar. No pressure from horny guys hitting on you, you can just sit back and be a human being with everyone and be yourself. It's great.
In that regard, the preparedness of governments around the world in meeting these goals have become essential.
Ben and Molly honeymooned in Playa del Carmen for a week and had a wonderful time. After four years of long distance (including their first year of marriage), the couple moved to Charleston, South Carolina and is enjoying their time together. They are so thankful for such a beautiful wedding and the support and love of their friends and family.
“Al-Farouq spring offensive will be launched on May 3 all over Afghanistan,” the militant group said.
Somehow, amid the clutter of religion and doctrine, no one ever bothered to tell me the most important thing, the simple truth that God loved me and came to Earth to share my pain- and died for me personally. I heard sermons and teachings about the authority of the scriptures, the offer of salvation, and the great white throne judgment of all mankind. I was taught how God hates divorce and various sins. There was plenty of rhetoric, and long discussions about what every verse meant in the Hebrew and Greek. There were committees and potlucks and choirs and robes and offering plates.
Prophecy Moon, by Laura Eno
For 1~Follow me on Networked Blogs and leave me a comment letting me know.
Louis C.K. has some really good jokes about being overweight and one of my favorite has to do with his answer to a doctor who asked him how long into a meal did he typically feel full and stop eating. His response was along the lines of "the meal doesn't end when I'm full. No, the meal ends when I'm feeling ashamed and sick." I don't know what on earth allows me to eat enough that I feel gross, but it happens from time to time. And it is always something sub par and unremarkable. It's not like I sat at my desk gorging on perfectly prepared duck and escargot. Crummy cheese-encrusted salad and bread sticks. I mean, yeah, they were OK but if I had gone to a restaurant and had this, I would have stopped eating and not taken the left overs.
Keep in mind ,it is mostly the producers that tell ,all these directors who to use ,who is HOT !!! ,who they have contracts with . Case in point ,Megan Fox ,did Bay want her ,I don’t know ,but the producers did . Almost all the Summer Movies have some whore actress from Maxim Magazine in them – Transformers ,Star Trek, G.I.Joe Rise of Cobra . So again why is Bay blamed for using them ?
James was in good company in the 1970s Fingerprint line-up: it also included the likes of Raymond Chandler, Dashiell Hammett, Ed McBain and John Dickson Carr. As far as I know, all the Fingerprint editions featured photographic covers... but what I don't know is how many of those covers were by the woman responsible for the Cover Her Face front cover photo: Beverly Lebarrow. Who, you might well ask? Well, cast your minds back to this post on the UK first editions of two Ross Thomas novels, Yellow-Dog Contract and The Money Harvest, also both published in the 1970s by Hamish Hamilton. Yep, Beverly Lebarrow was responsible for those cover photos too, along with quite a lot of other '70s Hamilton book covers. Seems her distinctively blunt style was much in demand during that period... and that's a subject I'll be returning to in the not-too-distant future...
Your chance to show that your character isn't one allied with misery and death as well as affirming your recovery from some of the common destructive delusions associated with being a human animal is to go vegan.
Sympathy Remember
Like Ann, I do like the black with the brass but I think if given the chance to buy it, I would go for the Granite with the resin rivets. Simply because I love the colour (& I don’t have that colour yet in my growing bag collection) and weight-wise it is lighter than the ones with the brass rivets.
Papers: Dovecraft - Sugar & Spice
Covering everything from Trade and Terrorism to Microsoft, Medicare, and Eminem, one can only be impressed with Ilana Mercer’s virtuoso performance. In her critical exploration of the irrationalities on display in contemporary life, Mercer defends the timeless principles of objectivity, individualism, self-responsibility, and liberty. This remarkably insightful polemicist, and extraordinary cultural commentator, understands that a free society cannot be sustained in an unthinking culture. And any woman who calls Republicans the 'drag queens of politics' gets my vote for Most Biting Stylist of the Year — even if the description is insulting...to drag queens."
and nothing changes.
Levi's has used a broad collection of trademarks showig the red tab with and without the Logo "Levi's" and togehter with pockets with or without ornamental seams. In the decision cited above, the BGH argued that the assesment of the strenghended distinctive character by the upper district court was based on polls where the red tab was not shown in an isolated form but together with other features (e.g. ornamental seams of "arcuate" double-wing shape) indicating the origin of the product.
Tower of Terror is my absolute favorite ride in the world...not just Disney world, the whole ENTIRE planet!
I am looking for your help! We are constantly trying to improve at
Optional garnishes: Freshly grated cheddar cheese, scallion tops, and cooked bacon pieces
Since then, the city has paid her more than $120,000 to stay home despite a policy stating that non-union employees charged criminally should be placed on unpaid leave or reassigned, reports The Miami Herald.
Great parenting advices says: Don't switch toilet paper brands if you have kids.
What the heck? Are these two following me? Don't answer that.
“Where are you travelling on such a pitiless night?” the woman asked.
The post office has cut 110,000 jobs over the last four years and is currently engaged in eliminating 7,500 administrative staff. In its 2010 annual report, the agency said it had 583,908 career employees.
This situation is not specific to New Zealand. With the exception of the published material focused on primary and secondary distance education in the United States and Canada, the same could be said of most countries in Australasia. However systematic research into distance education in the schools sector is needed now. In the last two years, various publications have highlighted the discussion related to the future of the New Zealand schools sector (Barbour, 2011b; Wenmoth, 2011; Davis 2010, 2011; Parkes Zaka and Davis, 2011). It is timely to highlight empirical work into distance education in the primary and secondary settings.
I enjoyed this one better than the first of these novels but there's a format here that I think I may tire of in the rest of the series if I do go further. Also the ridiculous body count in these books is overly high for me, on two fronts, it is like those Hollywood action movies where the good guy seems to have to kill every bad guy on the planet before the final act and also you are led to believe Mr Hope is a sensitive soul who is one of the good guys, now most of the bodies are those of the "hired help" not the real perpetrators of the crimes but there is not a moment of hesitation or remorse in his actions. That to me just doesn't ring true.
Asides from talking about the weekend ahead of me, I don’t have much to write about. I guess. I’m just not feeling too good or positive mentally. I have this big barrier up ahead of me stopping me from moving forward, the barrier in which I think that I don’t want to live. So everything seems pointless and stupid. I don’t have much of a will to live. Albeit, on the other hand, I don’t have any plans to do anything to end my life. I feel like I am hovering somewhere in between and it’s a really uncomfortable place to be in.
Minimizing
Now that the season is over, I don’t know that I’ll watch next year. The show itself is well-written and enjoyable, but like I’ve said lots of times, for me, it’s all about character.
Tomorrow we’re going deli hopping—my least favorite “hobby” in the entire universe. Why you insist on scarfing down endless cheese slices and rolls, I’ll never know. Me, I’m more of a chicken parm person. You should know this before you age one more day.
I devoured her blog, I absolutely looooved her about page because I felt like she gave me so much great info about who she really is. I loved the pen pal program, because while I never met her, I felt like I made a new friend.
A dark color, like indigo or navy, feels sophisticated when used on a table. This indigo table doubles as a writing desk and sets the palette for the space. I'm smitten by those amazing chunky lamps!
I spent the better half of the morning properly waterlogging the lower half of my body in our new wading pool in the backyard.
O’er meadows she goes,
Lastly, before I log off…
In 2007, without even having a single councillor elected in the whole of England, the EDP decided to contest the Welsh Assembly elections, with candidates from Essex, Kent, Yorkshire etc, the EDP has yet to find a member in Monmouthshire or Wales willing to stand for them.
Now Aloysius is retiring by nature, and at first he refused to have anything to do with them. But it is easier to rid oneself of dandruff than of the gentlemen of the press. By sheer persistence, they wore him down, until at last he consented to their being present at the next experiment.
A few days ago, I handed my son a Vinci tablet to try out. This is another well-intentioned product for young children. It comes with pre-installed educational games carefully geared to kids up to about my son’s age (actually he’s a little old for it, but I occasionally make him earn his keep as a product reviewer).
Whom dreams delight and passions please,
At around 5:15pm EST yesterday evening, a Baton Rouge, Louisiana jury found rapper Lil Boosie not guilty in the murder of Terry Boyd, a male that died at age 35.
Liam
The most interesting thing that happened was Mark Henry Vs Randy Orton, but the same thing more or less happened this past Friday, except Cody Rhodes winning, but at least they did that.
In my recent post of The Little Shows in the RCA Show Time Series, I raved about the performance of Carol Bruce, and vowed that I would present her 1958 LP if I could locate it.
The second activity features a website in Spanish for the movie “The Hunger Games.” I am going to use the first 5 slides of this presentation with level 1, then use the readings that I found on various websites with my level 4 students.
On the day we decided to tell BB we were moving, Hubby and I dropped him off at music class and we went looking for boxes. We took them home, I cried for all we had lost up to that point, I pulled my shit together, and went to pick BB up. We decided to take him out for lunch (Chick-Fil-A was a rare treat at that point after Hubby’s job loss) and then we’d tell him that we were moving.
These fabrics are also available for any other custom mats that might be ordered. The typography fabric is a discontinued line from Lonni Rossi. I just love this fabric and wish I'd ordered yards more of it when it was available about eight years ago. Boo!
The authors of the study found that abnormal scores for the questionnaire were less common in children breastfed for at least four months (6%) than in formula-fed children (16%). Abnormal scores were also less common in term infants (12%) than preterm infants (15%). The authors of the study suggest that one explanation for the association of breast feeding with child behavior is that breast milk contains large amounts of essential long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs), growth factors and hormones, which have an important role in the development and function of the brain and central nervous system.
Leibniz
Oh for pity's sake, those assistant directors, always running around making themselves indispensable. Why don't they just go out and direct their own dadgum movies, if they think they're so smart?
An interesting flaw to give a character is one another character in the story praises. I’ve done this in my fantasy novel, Shadows in the Stone. The hero is always going on about honour and truth and expects these qualities from himself and everyone around him. Unbeknownst to him, his female counterpart is keeping secrets that could harm them both. She knows she can’t live up to his expectations. Eventually this creates a lot of conflict which will either destroy them both or bring them closer together.
- Carsten Huck, Springen, Olympia Bronze-Gewinner
An investigation into the incident has commenced and police suspect the animal may have been attacked by a person or number of people.
The study, mentioned above, showed that among older Taiwanese people, at least twice weekly shopping could raise life expectancy an average of 27 per cent. Surprisingly, men engaged in retail therapy more than women. Researchers believed it was not all about the buying but companionship and exercise could be factors.
Is it your husband who woke up wanting to leave home and never return?
Simply make your card, following the sketch and including stamping, and submit it using the InLinkz widget below before midnight on Saturday 31st March 2012. Good luck!
Hi! How are you doing?
Good luck battling your own internal Snack Monsters! Share your stories with us, too, in the comments section.
Arrange the slices in the bottom and sides of the dish as in the first picture, making sure the base of the dish is covered as much as possible.
I finally found a quiet spot up stream.
ABUNDANTIA ~ Prosperity
Today was the day, 31yrs ago, that I gave birth to our son David.......he was a wonderfully quiet, sweet little boy who weighed in at 9lbs. even. His birth was a bit traumatic, ending in a C-section, but I was oh so glad to have him in my arms. He was cuddly and had a sweet sweet temperament. One day while holding him I had a thought enter in my mind....unbidden, unwanted and frankly scared the hell out of me for a brief moment. In that brief moment I thought that I wouldn't have him with us for very long and then I shook myself away....far away from that thought and carried on with what I was doing, smelling his sweet hair and holding him close to my heart.
Yes, surrendering our beliefs is to be free from religious fundamentalism and creed (represented by the tree of knowledge of good and evil), and we will find ourselves at the tree of life, where stories are meant to be a mystery that is subject to seasons of contextual relevance, which is ultimately subjective and is meaningful to each person in their own way, as they find hope and peace in their personal interpretations of the divine mystery.
Exposure to violence during childhood is associated with telomere erosion from 5 to 10 years of age: a longitudinal study
Thread your needle and make sure to double tie the knot so that it does not slip through your fabric. Start stacking pieces of fabric onto the needle. You can shape them as you go or shape before you tie it off. Some of the larger pieces I twisted around and around on the needle to create flower petals.
Ms. Fields, Jamba Juice, Corner Bakery, Au bon Pain, Pizza Hut, Cinnabon, Starbucks, Argo Tea and MC Donald’s.
Casual Watch Vs Glamour Watch
The fact that the stories in question came about due to the defection of a recent attack dog merely adds a beautifully ironic slant to this tale.
“G” – Golly, gosh, jiminy and/or holy Moses.
$8 cover at the door. Supports the venue and our non profit efforts.
My friend Wendy is one of these people. We were not close in high school, but she has become my friend through Facebook. And right now, she is lying in her bed, receiving hospice care because this time--her second time dealing with breast cancer--she is losing her battle. I have gotten to know Wendy over the past few years like I never knew her when we were growing up. She has two adorable children. She loves John Waite and Motley Crue. She likes wacky hair color and funky glasses. And she is, more than anything, a fighter.
918 Ocean Drive Quintessential Miami Beach, experience the Art Deco National Historic District by booking this penthouse. This 3 bedroom luxurious penthouse is fully furnished. Fully equipped kitchen. Queening sized beds, bed & bath linens, cable television, alarm clock, iron. Air conditioning, WIFI Internet service. The property is located in a neighborhood with multiple hotels and apartment buildings constructed in the 1930s, this is an experience to remember. Situated on Ocean Drive between 9th and 10th street. The SOUTH BEACH AMERICA’S RIVIERA is one of the most popular vacation destination in the world. South Beach is home to a rainbow of LUXURY RESIDENCES ACCOMMODATIONS, luxury hotels and resorts, chic boutique hotels, and moderately priced accommodations. OCEAN DRIVE has earned a place worldwide for its see and be seen restaurants and cafes, pristine beaches, stunningly attractive women and men seeking to catch a beautiful suntan. Sophisticated Lincoln Road is a unique pedestrian mall, thriving as a lively cultural destination as well as shopping and dining area, lined up with fine restaurants were some of the finest chefs from around the world present there eccentric cuisine. Sidewalk cafes like famous NEWS CAFE, bars FAT TUESDAY’S AND MANGO, galleries and a concert hall for the New World Symphony Orchestra, newly restored Colony Theater, the Art Center South Florida, a collection of small studios and gallery space for emerging artists. ! Experience a lifestyle not found anywhere else !
Nathan Lutzky
We received a super SWEET surprise from our friends, the Bacon's! Andrew and I were lucky enough to teach their son Tate in primary and their daughter is such a sweetheart with Londyn. Lulu loves Ellie! The pizza box was delivered to our room, containing a bazillion delicious little lemon sugar cookies. Thank you Kari and Rob!
309. From St. Augustine’s Confessions again. The collocation of these
She says, "Oh, Father, I've got terrible news. My husband passed away last night."
Don’t look now, but there’s a new ballpoint pen on the block, and it looks mean! Penny Pennington of Pennsylvania’s Pens (both the Writing Kind and the Animal Holding Kind), Inc are building a name for themselves with their take-no-prisoners writing implements. The red pen I tested was very good when it came to marking essays (performing extremely well on margin utility and spelling error underlining), but was quite deficient in marking multiple choice quizzes. The ticks and crosses were both very poorly defined, with abysmal conviction vectors; they also had a worrying taste of limpet.
And almost all schools have ditched the sale of chocolate, sweets and crisps.
dated between MARCH 16th - 29th
Harry Ricketts
So is this really the weak signals of a new paradigm? Or is it just my good old coherence in hindsight because I am looking for anything that matches certain patterns of behaviours?. What I do believe is that assuming certainty and predictability is wrong and imposing too much order in these situations may lead to any manner of unforseen/unwanted outcomes.
3) On the work mat, if you zoom in as far as the Gypsy will let you, you are looking at your image (or the part of the image that you can see) at the actual size it will cut.
Fitting result, actually. I’ve already hit the side of a bus, grazed 100 curbs and scraped my undercarriage on the bottom of hills that made my heart lurch into my throat.
In early May the year 9 students involved in the project are coming to Melbourne to be part of the sorting and cleaning aspect to get them ready for shipping (which Bunnings my employer is covering the cost of).
Ran from the noise, ran away
As to the morality of the slave trade: it was understandable; it was immoral. But more to our point today, it set in motion the situation that led to where we are now. The Not-United States.
Interestingly, Tay Sach’s co-occurs in eastern Quebec with another hereditary illness that lies in the same metabolic pathway, i.e., lysosomal storage.
(Bernama)
We've all lived in this valley, and known that there was something unnatural about the position of power the football program was allowed. It was a snowball rolling down the slope of our acquiescence, and it was bound to hurt someone downslope, in some way or fashion. It could have been petty corruption, as at Ohio State, or student misbehavior, but for our sins, it was something worse. They're painting over murals downtown and bringing in retired FBI bureaucrats to whitewash the less tangible things, but it's all the same - a twisting away from an ugly set of facts, and a disinclination to see how far the rot has gone.
i Curvature
P.S – Looks like I am turning into mom now I am getting myself Christmas and birthday presents.
His omission of Maccabees seems to be an oversight since he adverts to their history in his writings. We do not seek to establish that the status of the two classes of books was the same with Athanasius; but we judge it evident from his writings that he venerated these same books as divine, although not equal in extrinsic authority to the books officially handed down from the Jews. The testimony of Athanasius that the Fathers of the Church had decreed that these books should be read in the Church manifests clearly the Church’s attitude towards these books; and the following passages, taken from the writings of Athanasius, show how deeply he also had drunk from these founts.
The eagle-eyed among you have probably already spotted the majestic Singer 201 behind it. When is this woman going to start sewing?
I slept only 3-4 hours a day and that is not sufficient for a normal man. Things started changing in life and I become an opposite character than I was always. I forgot how to laugh and everything appeared to me as an irritation.
Whisper words of wisdom, let it be
6And in those days shall men seek death, and shall not find it; and shall desire to die, and death shall flee from them.
a lemon blue
The light of the gospel is penetrating even the darkest regions of the ancient world and ours today. Thanks be to God!
Belt, Axcess for Kohl's, thrifted
Inspired by David Gaughran’s Let’s Get Digital I am exploring the pros and cons of self-publishing my novel (when it’s finished) as an e-book. My post today isn’t about pros and cons, or even about the process of formatting, marketing, and so forth. It’s about the basic issue: content.
Fashion Television
Anyways i am not preaching you guys, so please don't take it the wrong way, but if there are ways that you can look good for less I think it is a way better options than spending more and not look that much better..Right?
“Eye In The Sky”
2 pale
2000 2 one-day visas ($1000/ea) for Bernie and Mason
The one time I've hit this loop in summer it took me 2:41, so I think it is safe to say that conditions up there right now are about as perfect as they could possibly be for this time of year. With sufficient acclimation I think Wednesday's conditions were capable of being even faster than a typical summer trip. All in all, this outing was certainly a gift considering the throngs of crowds that these peaks are known for in the summer (I briefly saw only two other parties yesterday)--not to mention the fact that I spent the vast balance of my summer in 2011 sitting on my duff with a broken leg and have plenty of catching up to do when it comes to high country summits.
We cater to those with different tastes…
3. My IKEA Merete curtains have been deconstructed and pinned back together. They have been sitting on my family room ottoman for a good 3 weeks now awaiting my attention. At the very least, this weekend I will sew the 4 panels together into 2 super panels. If I'm feeling particularly ambitious, I may also take the Stitch Witchery to them with my grosgrain ribbon and try to get a little funkier look going. "Funky look" to be defined later.
Mayo will be the Supreme Court’s first opportunity to consider the limits of patent eligibility since its Bilski decision. Interest in the case is particularly keen because one Justice, Stephen Breyer, has been critical of a patent involving a step suggesting physician thought processes quite similar to the steps recited in the Prometheus patents. In a 2006 case, Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings v. Metabolite Labs., Inc., the Court heard argument on the patentability of claims directed to a method of diagnosing vitamin deficiencies in patients by “assaying” their blood for high levels of homocysteine (known to be associated with vitamin deficiencies) and then “correlating” a high level of homocysteine with vitamin deficiency in the patient. 126 S.Ct. 2921 (2006). The Court subsequently dismissed the writ of certiorari as improvidently granted, because the patent eligibility issue was not briefed or argued in the lower court. But Justice Breyer, joined by Justices Souter and Stevens (both now retired), dissented from the dismissal. He argued that the claimed method amounted to nothing more than “an instruction to read some numbers in light of medical knowledge.” Thus, he argued, the claims were directed to natural phenomena, per se, and were not patent-eligible. The same reasoning may cause Breyer to be skeptical of Prometheus’ claims.
Notable rooms include the entrance hall, which has large semi-circular alcoves at each end, and the Etruscan dressing room, which Adam said was inspired by the Etruscan vases in Sir William Hamilton's collection, illustrations of which had recently been published. Adam also designed some of the furniture, including the opulent domed state bed, still in the house.
The first day the new guy came, he called the Rohit’s coterie and asked them to meet the HR immediately. This created panic and we all internally decided that this guy meant business and we fell in line with the new boss within hours.
I lay in bed last night pondering the day. It was full. It was good. It really was a typical fall/winter/spring Saturday. Morning at home (coffee), basketball game in the afternoon (nescafe), dash home to greet friends (three cups of tea), run over to the two neighbors on my floor to give them leftover pastries (no tea), then run upstairs with cake to welcome the new neighbors into the building (Turkish coffee and two more cups of tea).
So of course the whole sordid tale was repeated, her Mom was mortified and she cried and nearly passed out, her dad was ready to kill Waverley and Evie vowed never to speak to her again. They shared the same parents, but they were no longer sisters. It had been that way until this day. Bonnie admitted she had made several attempts at reconciliation over the years, but Evie had not responded. Yes, she had truly repented of her sins, and God forgave her and after a time she forgave herself. It took a while, but she and her parents had put the past behind them and Evie and Waverley were still married, but she never saw them. Bonnie had paid the price for a brief time of reckless abandon and the cost was extremely high.
One thousand years to the day he was damned, Loki allows him a woman as reward for his good service and repentance of his crimes. Once Broder sees Jessamine Hamilton, he is overcome with need. But Jessa is no ordinary woman, and the truth of who—and what—she is could have dangerous consequences.
The author’s house is set in deep countryside in the Southwest of France, 45 miles from the Pyrenees and the Spanish border. Every guest room is en suite, and guests are also offered use of the pool.
There’s not a line for the healing power of their hugs, the way their ferocious clasps around my neck at night calm my soul better than any run or glass of wine or piece of chocolate.
I got online this evening to check out a couple of parks on my agenda and noticed that some are almost completely booked so I got a little worried. It took awhile to rework my itinerary to match up with what is available but I did it. So now I have reserved sites - 2 nights each - for the rest of my trip. It appears that the next 8 state parks are utilized a lot more than the ones I have been to thus far. Perhaps it's because they are nicer. We shall see.
For the cake-
Well, I’d better get dressed and ready to go outside this morning. We have to move one of the log racks inside the garage – they’re delivering some firewood today. We’ve used a lot in the workshop so far this winter! But it sure keeps the workshop warm and toasty when the fire’s going in the little stove!
This letter, just received, has me smiling. Maybe it’ll do the same for you! It’s certainly a nice one to cite when folks say, “Free-Range” is just a fancy term for “lazy.” Before you give your kids indepdendence you have to teach them a lot more than if you just kept them locked inside all day, as this lady proves!
The world loved Cassandra; soon much more than they loved David.
Superbowl of Cuteness! Here are the rest of the photo on my Flickr account. Can't wait for our next get together (which better be sooner than one year from now! :)- mary the food librarian
I do have several other pieces awaiting the framing process, so hopefully I'll be able to show them soon.
Dun Lady's Jess is my heart book—my first book. A fantasy, it was first published by Baen in 1994, and in 1995 it won the prestigious Stephen Tall/Compton Crook Award for Best First SF/F/H of the year. It grew two sequels, and it stayed in print for a good long run—but eventually, some years later, it fell off the shelves and the rights reverted to me.
I am so excited that today I finally got to meet my "blogger" friend Diane of DK Designs in San Jose, CA. We have been following each other's blogs for months now, and she's in town this weekend to work on a wedding.
THE TRUMPET by Bill Burns — 10/3/11:
Clarke Quay also looks beautiful, lit up at night (apparently you can also dine al fresco on the two traditional looking ships near the center of the photo)
It was really amazing! The performers were very passionate. There were 2 big screens on either side of the stage that played various clips of the real MJ including Captain EO, The Wiz, and moonwalker as well as his videos and some stuff I suppose they put together.
Really could a natural beautiful girl be any more sexy? I don´t think so...
The final area of interest will likely overlap with the first in some aspects—education. I am currently pursuing a Master’s Degree in this area (along with Special Education), so I obviously have a vested interest in how the education system in the United States works. Once I begin teaching I’m sure my opinions may change, so it will certainly be interesting to watch how my viewpoints evolve over time.
By the time the show ended, I had become so comfortably ensconced in my chair that I did not want to move from my seat. So I started flicking channels instead, trying to prolong my time of truancy from work that I knew needed doing. Gnawing guilt made me get up in the end. I had now rested for two hours since 8 am, and I still had things to do in the kitchen; and I knew that if I did not get them sorted out, I would not see my bed until well after midnight.
Here is some info from their site :
E-mbrace its value
I am looking forward to sharing my tips and tricks for creative and classy decorations to help make your home look stunning.
And it occurred to us that the word "killing" got the meaning across, but didn't have much flavour.
The recipient of the spell is taken into the ranks of the casting cleric’s deity, making that person an accepted worshiper of that deity. The effect is permanent, unless the Faithful wishes to convert to another deity. The spell can also be cast to consecrate objects to the caster’s faith of up to 1 lb. per caster level.
You won’t be asked about the stuff you owned while here on earth but if that stuff owned you, by the illusion of its worth.
and i knew it would always be
A strange thing about this lie is that it still applies, though my principles have moved from a Daily Mailish morality to ideals around personal growth and spiritual maturity, it is still easier to tell myself I have done some healing or growth than actually to do it.
she looked guilty.
Recollections Mulberry Paper Rose Leaves (3)
In case you have been living in a cave (or West Virginia) and have not noticed, the film has evolved into a modern day Holiday Classic. Not even “It’s a wonderful Life”, “A Christmas Carol”, or “Miracle on 34Th Street” get the 24hr Television marathon showings at Christmas that this little film now enjoys.
All. Day. Long.
There are a number of Filini restaurants across the Radisson chain in the UK, each with a strong Italian flavour, but with their own chefs who have the autonomy to develop their own dishes and adapt the menu as they see fit. Mattias, who is from Sweden, has worked for Radisson in a number of European locations for a number of years now, but loves Cardiff and seems to be fairly settled here – and why not?! Mattias clearly has a passion for his art, and seems refreshingly unconstrained by working for a large chain – I am sure this is thanks in no small part to Radisson allowing their chefs to put an individual touch on the menus – whilst honest about the few inevitable restrictions he faces. Sadly, as part of a big chain, Mattias is not able to source all his produce from local suppliers – but he does take a keen interest in the suppliers that are used and is certainly in a position to influence if the quality of the produce he’s receiving is not hitting the mark.
5. BEST 2 OUT OF 3 FALLS MATCH FOR THE WWE WORLD HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP MATCH: Seamus (Champion) vs. Daniel Bryan (Challenger/Former Champion).
10:37 PM – We recap last week’s Monday Night RAW confrontation between Brock Lesnar and Triple H. It was pretty damn amazing, I hope you remember it. Michael Cole gives us an update on the injured COO, Triple H. He will require surgery on his elbow, and is using a mechanical brace for support.
that my salvation may reach to the ends of the earth. As I reflect on this reading, at the beginning of this Holy Week, I cannot help but feel moved by the above video clip and, in a way, more desirous of being a light to others.
always single out the backdoor
I must work harder to conquer my bigotry. They are called “yahs” – kids with rich parents who speak in an aristocratic estuary English, a modern bastardisation of what Evelyn Waugh had described as “the organ voice of England, the hunting-cry of the ancien regime.” If one regarded gay people as being intrinsically comical, this would be rightly condemned as discrimination, so why does it remain acceptable for me to dismiss these yahs as repulsive buffoons? To my eye, they are sheep-brained and puffed up with all the assurance of their wealth. Why does a seriously hot girl, such as Emily Wright from Sophie Peacock‘s new play, “Pulse,” become immediately unattractive as soon as she opens her mouth and those buttery “yahs” float out into the air? It is as if she has turned herself into a toad.
Wednesday, 4/25: 8 hours (Win!)
1 antimacassar
feelings which search
“I met your brother 18 years back on my birth. His real name is Chandan and he is seating right in front of us!!”
Park Ha gets a positive match for the DNA test. Her father registered in the DNA database to find her unfortunately… he just died.
RiRi appears for her third time, for the third season in a row. I’m not sure what songs she’ll be peforming, though. “We Found Love” is the only major hit from her most recent album Talk That Talk, and that has already peaked. The best song she is a part of right now is Drake’s “Take Care,” which I would be happy to see a performance of, but that seems unlikely, as Drake was already an MG this season. This seems like a perfect time to dip into the classics and whip out that “Umbrella.”
Perhaps if Wee Willie had one of these handy portable urinals with him, he would have been safe from the prying eyes of the SST.
1 aged
I had another appointment today where I was tested for food allergies. I luckily wasn't allergic to gluten, so that means I could probably eat at least a little bit of wheat in my diet (although she said it would probably help my thyroid if I didn't. And since my thyroid controls my fertility, I'm probably going to listen to her). However, she did find that I'm allergic or intolerant to milk. I already kind of knew that, but I didn't realize what all a milk allergy could affect. The stomach stuff I am well aware of, but she told me it is probably really exacerbating my allergies and sinus and respiratory problems, too. Again, who knew?
to push through the pain.
1086 **D-X/5/1990. “Death and Art in Cervantes’s Don Quixote.” First Friday Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(16), above, pp. 437-52.)
This morning was just that.
The ship, designed by New Zealander Craig Loomes, is made of a durable lightweight carbon material and is covered with 38,000 solar cells that feed power to six blocks of lithium-ion batteries.
I got up this morning and finished my card. Here it is. Our lovely host Sarah Gough has designed a wonderful sketch for you to follow for our challenge this week. I love this sketch and think it will be one that I use again - such pretty layers! I used a bit of my retired (hoarded) Blue Bayou with some Basic Grey DP and a Spellbinders die to create the snowflake. Two different SU sets were used to stamp snowflakes with white craft ink and the tiny snowflakes are from a Martha border punch. The sentiment and the Victorian ornament are from Prairie Fairy and the flower and the crinkle ribbon were hand dyed using Rose Red reinker. Some Rock Candy distress stickles and Crystal Effects finished it off.
Rose Book of Bible Charts, Maps & Time Lines – Books 1 and 2 These two colorful, reproducible books contain a wide range of information, including comparative religions – from a Christian worldview.
So we asked to sit far away from other people (Since our kids were sick) and went in.
I am still not sure about my photographs. I am a little sad I do not look prettier. I am sad that the snow and general kerfuffles meant that I could not organise things the way I wanted. And sadly, I am sad because I did not look the radiant and beautiful bride that usually graces the pages of magazines and blogs. (The very idea makes me sad because I thought I was above such thoughts and it is the love that is meant to shine out from wedding photographs and not traditional "beauty.") It is very confusing to me.
This has implications for how companies staff their training departments. It is also an important factor as companies continuously recruit for new talent to distribute their products. The adage “you only get one chance to make a good impression” comes to mind here. Companies appointing affiliated agents to do business with them are able to make a favorable impression and get these producers off to a good start with a high quality product and sales training program. Coaching and mentorship programs, while offered much less frequently, can have a significant impact on the long-term success of producers.
These are just some of the books that Marcus and Sophia picked out to read this week. You might notice that some are repeats from previous weeks. As with most children, when they love a book, they often ask for it again and again.
Dear Representative Kinzinger;
Almost without thinking, I bent and gave her a hug. She held onto me tightly.
Dick Clark's Primetime New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest ... ABC ... 11:30 PM -2:11 AM *NEW
When cold, wash article with a clean piece of flannel, let dry for about two hours, then polish with chamois leather or dry duster and it becomes like new.
Which is your most controversial post?
Were people from all over the world, not brutally murdered
“Buried treasure!” Emily chimed in from his other side.
Pokémon HeartGold
The service started in Europe a few years ago and has made its way to the United States.
Then they burned incense on the altar and lighted the lamps on the lampstand, and these illuminated the temple.
“Searching what, or what manner of time the Spirit of Christ which was in them did signify, when it testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ, and the glory that should follow.”
BON WEEK-END!!!
It should be noted the bride looked stunning and the groom looked besotted. All the things you really want to see at a wedding.
“Bayarmaa.”
How many people would have heard of fractal geometry or the double helix or solar flares if they had been described solely in words? In a world where science literacy is dismayingly rare, illustrations provide the most immediate and influential connection between scientists and other citizens, and the best hope for nurturing popular interest. Indeed, they are now a necessity for public understanding of research developments.
In a news conference in Cebu City this morning, Michael Tan, General Manager of The Board Shop said they chose Bohol as the venue for the Wakeboarding event in the Visayas because of the beauty of the island province. Hector Tugoy, Tourism Officer of Getafe stressed that everyone in the island barangay of Pandanon shall be benefited of the event to include small vendors and transport drivers because of the expected influx of visitors.
Different versions of Muthiyas:
When weighed on the scales of history, England can only be judged as a very special country. My immediate ancestors fought for England and we cannot allow our present day clutch of traitor class politicians to hand over our bloodily defended freedoms and sovereignty to unelected politicians in Europe, all seeped in the self-same Socialist ideology that has inflicted so much human misery and suffering over the last century.
This is just one of many funny exchanges, especially between Clare and Sister Lucia, who is not an ordinary nun :D.
Comi’s wife, Dallas is truly a superficial bitch in vibrant big red hair. She’s eight years younger than Comi. And only three things concern her: Comi’s money, her fake boobs, and her porn length fingernails. At times Dallas is a greedy woman. Which is why Comi was secretive when he gave Julian the money.
next off to a friend's house for a little playdate!
Why am I telling you all of this? Because, this type of thing – criticism and judgment – is what we moms face EVERYDAY from friends, family members, acquaintances, and society in general.
5- Organize- Put away and organize the remaining items.
Hilary Rosen, a political consultant who advises the Democratic National Committee, questioned on CNN Wednesday night whether Ann Romney understands the economic issues facing women.
But I've been doing my best to buy, and to cook only what's in season, and growing right now.
Step 4: Put together all of the leafy part of the cut kale and chop into smaller 1/2 inch pieces.
So far this year, The Minions have "decided" they want to be:
I walked into the door again
SH: I guess I should have brought it up.
As you grow you need me less and less. You’re crawling now and so you don’t need me to transport you from room to room. You say a few things to get your needs across so you don’t need me to interpret your cries that only I understand. You’re starting to feed yourself so soon you won’t need that from me either. I can already see the fiercely independent woman you’ll become and it makes me wonder…what will I do when you don’t need me at all? When you dress yourself and drive and have your own job and file taxes and stand on your own. How will our relationship change when your need for me changes? Will it be seamless and quiet so that I hardly notice it until its over or will it be earth shattering and gut wrenching?
2 large crushed garlic cloves
By branding and marketing water, it has been transformed from something that many of us took for granted into a product that now makes billions for global multinational companies.
2 cans water (volume of the tin can)
Up the back is the grocery section, stacked neatly with tins of sardines and marinated octopus and kitchenware supplies like paella pans and terracotta dishes. Tins of tomatillos and pickled jalapenos seem to have the South American market covered too.
the sound it made
please see the page: Explanations, Disclaimers and Answers, Oh My!
Supermodel Naomi Campbell is set to front a TV programme in search of new modelling talent. The US based TV show will be called ‘The Face’, which is believed to be created in a similar format to the Tyra Bank’s-fronted America’a Next Top Model.
Lauderdale
And now for the final piece of Shadows news! And this might be the most exciting bit of all. Aaaages ago I was told that Polish rights for Shadows on the Moon had been sold to Edgmont, and since this was my first foreign rights sale ever I was delighted. But I haven't heard anything since, so it was with great jublilation that I discovered (only this morning, Dear Readers!) that the Polish version is now available for pre-order (released on 18th of April) and got my first glimpse at the cover art. Here it is:
Always a pair of reading glasses... I'm lost without them...
breakfast room -- Hans Castorp seated looking toward down the length of the room with the door to the front hall behind him to his left -- he became annoyed when the door was slammed
I finally released it from its bonds on Wednesday, but since the decorations are in the basement and I can't yet manage the basement stairs, it remains undecorated. But we kinda like it that way. We can just say we were going for that "natural" look this year... going green and all.
What is your command?
I had full intentions of doing all the housework which included making sure that all 20+ bath towels were laundered (they’re buried in a heap in my son’s room – I managed to find only a dozen of them). I had planned to get out to watch a movie (Think Like A Man) but it hadn’t opened in any theater in my area. I had plans to meet up with Kari and go dancing. I had hoped to hear from the “ex” who has come back into my life over the past few months – the one whom I recently asked to provide me with his intentions for being back in my life (apparently though, he left his cellphone at work over the weekend and obviously had a brain fart when it came to remembering the old fashioned way of communicating – face to face! Ugh!). I had intended on seeing the “gang” (the recently acquired group of friends) but because of a recent situation with one of them (which you can read about HERE), I decided it best not to see them (or rather, him) for a bit.
Acts 22:7-8
GAP of course? GAP sales in the US are epic with deals of 3$ tops and 10$ jeans. Get over that now, because the French just don't believe in that sort of free-for-all sale. But they did have some good deals 50-70% off everywhere I looked!
I’m having a minor meltdown. I’ve worked from home for almost 3 years and on Monday that is changing. I’ve accepted a temporary position at work to try something new but it requires me to actually be present, in person, at the office. I have to wear something other than pants made of stretchy lycra and nylon. Possibly a skirt? Heels? I accidentally just spelled that “hells.” Freudian slip.
Welcome to the Rad Religion blog, created to accompany the segment of the same name broadcast weekly on Thursday mornings on 2SER 107.3! The segment explores cool combinations of religions and music genres in an interesting and fun way. This morning Steph Liong of the Thursday Daily show introduced me (Cale Hubble) and we chatted about Matisyahu, an (ex-)Orthodox Jew who sings a fusion of reggae, rock and hip-hop.
After this we went to Denny's for some horrible, tasty food of which I ate every bite.
Before y'all start asking me what kind of tree that is, it doesn't matter. The islands of the Bahamas are comprised of limestone, a form of calcium carbonate. Basically, they're rocks. Because of this, the depth of topsoil is relatively shallow, forcing the growth of trees to spread outward as shown.
First impressions were not great. Looking around and wondering where the handpumps were, it was a few moments before I twigged that the cask taps were mounted in the wall, Euston Tap-style, alongside the keg taps. Confusion ensued when I asked the bar staff what was available from cask—I was confidently assured that Profanity Stout was cask, as was 69 IPA from Lovibonds (a brewery who actually produce no cask beer whatsoever). Luckily my cynicism won out and I’d by now noticed the difference in the tap handles so could tell cask from keg. Still fumbling over which beer to try, I ordered Durham White Stout and got a shock when the half pint surprisingly came to £3. It was a strong beer and fairly good, but not worth that much. Fortunately this price point is not necessarily typical, with weaker quaffing beers even a little below the average for this part of town.
Three Floyds Owd Engwish Bawley Whine (English Barleywine) 10.5%
The snooze button is a fickle but much welcome friend.
where she wanted to dwell
Perhaps I can adopt this style for my future home... I don't think I can get away with my beloved antiques for my first home, it would be too heavy for a small, first home... This minimalist approach will work better.... Until I can afford my dream home and fill it up with antiques like my parents'...
Sent: Thursday, December 04, 2008 1:22 PM
Now I am not throwing my hat in to the ring here for the whole God versus science debate. That would be an endless blog. I am just touching on things that I personally view that God has taken away from me making me the way he did, and now the things that technology is given back to me. The whole spiritual versus science debate is something that goes way over my head, and I can see parts of both sides of that argument.
Fall tweaking!
Double Sides Tape
Childhood Cancer
As I run I can hear my own words dancing through the trees. My own words stay with me, keep up with me and fuel the soul that burns within me.
The Supreme Court has allowed former President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo to leave the country. When she heard the good news, Mrs. Arroyo instructed her aide to prepare her red scarf.
get enough food or will they survive in the wind and rain
So now let us discover what kind of a movie needs to give us a lead-in like this one, and ring in our plot: recently shipwrecked and lifeboat-floating castaway William Fitzgerald (Richard Derr) drifts through a haze of cigar smoke and finds himself washed ashore on the island of Isla De Sangre (mmm, sounds cheery) where the inhabitants seem to have fled, save for suspiciously sneaky scientist Charles Girard (Francis Lederer), his WASP-ishly wanton wife Frances (Greta Thyssen), the scientist's sleazy assistant Walter (Oscar Keesee), slinky servant Selene (Lilia Duran) and her tiny tot Tiago (Peyron Keesee). But there is something else on the island: Girard is operating on a panther to transform it into a human (Why? It's science. Why not?), and there's a lot of sexual tension and violent death in the offing as everything comes to a head in a climax that the following year's Horrors Of Spider Island would owe a lot to.
I was talking to Mom this afternoon when I suddenly exclaimed and startled her. =) She thought something was wrong. What I saw was one of the best things there could be. I found sunshine on the wall!!!
4. Black Cloud of Islam- Roy Harper
It has almost been a week of no posting! I have been so busy and I have had no time to post!
“The NICE guidelines fail to address this complex neurological condition.” Anne Robertson, Dunfermline; sick for 2 years
2. Proposals to move the work to the College of Information and/or the College of Computer Science have not been accepted. Although those institutions are capable of conducting the research there are no specific funds, faculty, or researcher positions to support this work.
black razor back top - bershka - £6.00
I know you all have moved on to Thanksgiving and probably even Christmas by now, but since this is my online scrapbook of sorts, you'll bear with my late Halloween revisit, won't you? P.S. Bjorn joins us again, and he's just plain awesome.
March 3 - 6
Six pints of pickled beets are in the water bath canner tonight. (Only 46 more to go if I'm to reach Hubz's goal of a pint a week!) I'm having trouble uploading pics tonight so the recipe alone will have to do. Here is the recipe - from my Grandma.
My mother-in-law typically makes these kinds of dhal with greens or vegetables almost every week for breakfast. Our favorites are the ones with greens or ridge gourd and she serves this as a side dish for idlis and dosas rather than rice. These kinds of dhals go well with rice and chapathis too. Her preparation is also a very simple one, kind of one-pot dish using a pressure pan. Dhal with banana blossoms was very new and interesting to me, so I decided to take a couple of quick pictures just before we had our breakfast. These shots were taken at the table with my baby girl sitting on a feeding chair from across the table and looking intently to see what was I doing and taking a peep at the dishes and plates on the table.
Much cold wind from Nature and fanatical hot air from envirosocialists have manifested since then, but it’s just the related coercion and its motivation that interest us here. There was a recent “Planet Under Pressure” conference in London in which this professorette, Kari Norgaard from the University of Oregon, presented a paper the synopsis of which reads “Simultaneous action needed to break cultural inertia in climate-change response”.
I may need to bring my mittens...
Level 23: MP Cost: 50, Duration: 230 seconds, 81% chance to not get knocked back.
Think that’s about it for today – bit drained from lunchtime and there’s nothing else worth jotting down. Though I did (on a whim) google my full name and the title of this blog and it came up with another Joe Straw and his blogspot blog. Ah well…
A: Yes there is only one.
It's not so easy when there is a tiny little boy who is peeing without stopping, right next to you.
And again, here we're just talking about "garments cut to work with my particular shape," not even getting INTO whether or not it suits my personal style.
Fast and Loose: sounds like a cricket term for a ball badly bowled. It derives, actually, from a medieval cheating game, where something seemingly stuck 'fast' becomes, in an apparent act of magic, 'loose.'
The bad news was that they were going to charge me $55.00 for that card (a $14 value in U.S. AND down the road at Cancun Walmart).
But I really do feel stupid for missing that Exportation tapping, and it makes me wonder what other beers get lost in the super-hype shuffle, the beers that are completely under the radar because they don't get the geekerie as excited. Honestly, I get as excited about the idea of going to Uerige and having glasses of fresh altbier, or going to Bell's and sucking down fresh Porter, or going to Victory and draining what's left in the Dark Lager tank. I'm not one of those "all beer is good!" loonies, no fear. But don't forget to be excited about the good beers we have, and can get, wherever you are. Have one today.
I've not tasted an authentic Bangkok Kaya Cake so I can't comment if this is like the real thing. What I can say is, my nieces and nephews asked for subsequent serving and SIL DL asked to pack the balance home :-)
To resolve the problem it was decided to call the student in and allow him six minutes in which to provide a verbal answer which showed at least a minimal familiarity the basic principles of physics.
Once again, not to bore you with details, you can see the pictures below. I used large silver jewelry boxes, but when they arrived in a larger corrugated box, I noticed a few had been crushed in delivery to me. So, to be sure they wouldn’t get crushed by the US Mail after all my work, I tucked the invites into white mailer boxes.
The universe had to be laughing!
Freddie may have been 35 years old at the time. His mother and father owned the house he lived in. And from the stories Freddie told us all the time, we were pretty sure that he grew up on the block too. I know Freddie graduated from Pratt in Brooklyn and did work “freelance” from time to time. Hey, he even owned a 68 Triumph Spitfire convertible, so he had to have some kind of dough. But most of the time Freddie just loved to “hang out” on the block. Just looking like “Jesus” in his bell-bottoms, sandals, and yellow and white striped shirt. Leaning against the white picket fence of his house talking to anyone who wanted to “hang out” with him.
I think my family still refers to me that way even today.
my Momma came to visit last weekend!!!
like a washing machine
So, that is when the doubter and judge really show up. "You idiot, why did you agree again to do something for so and so?", "You know that person isn't going to do anything for you, just because you were kind to them." And the little kid in me says, "but I was just being nice, really, I just wanted to be nice." and the Judge says, "no you didn't, you had an ulterior motive, you expected something in return." and again the poor little kid in me says, "oh, maybe you're right, I couldn't possibly know what my real intentions were, I'm just a stupid little kid who can't be anything but a wimp trying to win over people to be my friend." and the Judge say, "see, I told you you were stupid and that you don't deserve to stand up for yourself when you feel like you've been slighted or disrespected." and then the little kid begins to get angry and says, "Hey, I did this, this, and this for that person, I did it out of kindness and yes, you're right I expected to be respected for my kindness, you're right, I expected to be treated with at the very least dignity." And the Judge says, "you don't deserve those things, so before you let your mouth overload your butt, stuff your feelings and pretend everything is okay."
Jade eyes stare at worlds between
Published by Marshall Cavendish, May 15, 2012
Rick Santorum – Two words can describe Santorum’s performance: annoyed and annoying. He was annoyed that he is not taken seriously and was annoying when he tried to out-Christian, out-hawk the other candidates. He was completely disrespectful to both Paul and Bachmann.
If you don't hear from me for a while, it's because my new iPhone and I have ridden off into the sunset together.
Luke 14:26 (KJV)
However, there are now scientific studies which demonstrate that just being in an urban environment impairs our mental functions. The Boston Globe article cites these studies including that of Marc Berman, a psychologist at the University of Michigan. "Just being in an urban environment, they have found, impairs our basic mental processes." "This new research suggests that cities actually dull our thinking, sometimes dramatically so." This is of increasing concern, since the number of people in cities now exceeds that in the country.
I used a stamp runner by Inkadinkado for the heart border, the border punch is Martha Stewart, the "i love my family" stamp is by Heidi Grace (We are Family) and the polkadot paper is by Paper Studio.
This is one reason I think that you must begin sun gazing gradually as HRM recommends, because if you tried to do it too fast, you might “overload” your system. However, slow, steadily increasing exposure is what is needed to trigger the DNA that is hidden in our genetic code, after which we will begin the evolution process so that we will eventually become a god, which is about the closest term I can use that is understandable.
CRAB APPLE, CHILI AND ROSEMARY JELLY
And northward near the tar sands, beneath the permafrost
And the Lord God made all kinds of trees grow out of the ground–trees that were pleasing to the eye and good for food. In the middle of the garden were the tree of life and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil.
1.) Lemon Orzo Salad with Asparagus & Tomatoes.
Rate on the scary scale from 1-10: 100000000000000000 (YIKES!!!)
I promise…
Betel of Britain
I thought Hamish should live in a secret hideaway in the Highlands and Coorie Doon (which, in Scots, means to 'snuggle down and be cosy') seemed like a good place.
aren’t meant for bare feet,
"I'm sure they didn't mean any harm but some people will take it offensive."
Late in 2009, settlers began gradually taking over Ein al-Qaws (the Bow Spring), which rests on lands belonging to Bashir Tamimi, the head of the Nabi Saleh village council. The settlers, abetted by the army, erected a shed over the spring, renamed it Maayan Meir, after a late settler, and began driving away Palestinians who came to use the spring by force – at times throwing stones or even pointing guns at them, threatening to shoot.
New to ME, that is! LOL I happened to hit JoAnn's at the perfect time because not only was I armed with a fist full of coupons this weekend... they had a TON of stuff on sale at really good markdowns! I was excited because this is the chance I had been waiting for! The chance to try new things!!!
Okay, so what about the label? Don't bother trying the website--it's in French or Dutch, your choice. English, tantalizingly listed on the splash, is not yet operational. Fortunately, Shelton Brothers, the importer, has the details.
Foreign Language(Spanish)
Speaking of Pierre Herme and Laduree, look where I went to and what I got on my Japan visit!! I was literally jumping up and down when I was finally there . Too bad the Pierre Herme store I went to, didn't have a complete selection but I was happy enough to try his famous Ispahan among everything else (I had the regular size of Ispahan but can't find the picture). It didn't stop us from coming back the second time though. Laduree however, it didn't look like an ordinary bakery, it is a boutique! It is also the most expensive one among everything else. Everthing in it, the decor, the place, seemed really Parisian and upscale. We definitely feel like a queen there. I would hope so when I am paying $15 for a small piece of cake, and more than $10 for 2 scoops of ice cream. We were always seated by the window overlooking the famous high-end Ginza shopping district. We also went to Sadaharu Aoki, no less than 3x in a week.I also found Toshi Yoroizuka by surprise. Nonetheless, the week I had in Japan was full of gourmet concoctions. I can't upload all of my food pictures, but there are TONS of these kind of goodies!
Despite a petition signed by 6,000 Barbadians to preserve the 240-acre Graeme Hall area as a National Park, in 2008 the newly elected Thompson DLP government removed those guarantees as one of their first acts… to allow development of the previously “guaranteed” green space and Graeme Hall National Park.
But despite all this, the worst memories are the ones of my grandfather. I loved him. The only memories I have of something other than the abuse are of summer mornings spent in my grandfather’s bed, where he is reading me stories of animals going on adventures, of a little bear who isn’t very clever and his best friend Piglet. Sometimes I can’t help wondering if those memories were given to me as a sick joke. As in; “Here you go. You’ll get these memories, but wait – there is more: How about we also give you memories of this larger than life man walking in on his son raping you in that very bed. But not only that. It gets better. This man will also contribute to your shame by making you come while he rapes you with his mouth and fingers. How about them cookies? Now what do you think. How does that make you feel.”
With our blended family, there is always limited time to get some posey-posey photos of the kids.
penetration in the near future.
I didn’t know him outside our short visits at the infusion center, but his courage, his humor, and his thousand-watt smile will stay with me forever. I’d wager that his was a life well lived and that there were people all over the place who felt a connection with him.
The dish is listed simply as spaghetti cacio e pepe on the blackboard, translating as 'spaghetti with cheese and pepper'. I think it should be written as 'spaghetti that comes in a giant parmesan wheel!' because surely that's half the fun.
Hogan's Heroes is my holiday show: For the past few years now, I have watched it from Thanksgiving through Christmas and New Year's right past Valentine's Day. Until 2008, I hadn't watched Hogan's Heroes since it aired when I was a child in the sixties. There was the brief period in the winter of '96-'97 when I had the show on at three in the morning while I was up with an unsleeping infant, but, as I was dropping off to sleep, I wasn't too focused on the broadcast. It was the death of Ivan Dixon (Kinch) that got me started watching Hogan's Heroes again.
On Veterans Day we honor all,
Now, I completely understand where this sentiment has come from. I went through the "training" my district provides, and it was really no help at all. And the requirements to work as a sub are very low (to match the pay and nonexistent benefits), so of course, you don't usually attract the best of the best that way. I have witnessed some scary subs in action too and heard the horror stories of the ones I haven't seen, so it's no wonder that others have these opinions of subs.
"It is not a bad thing that children should occasionally, and politely, put parents in their place."
I first discovered yoga podcasts shortly before embarking on my writing residency. The small town I would call home for two whole weeks wasn't exactly bursting with yoga studios, and I'm not yet at the point where I can comfortably practice on my own. Behold: YogaDownloads, which provides 25-minute yoga sessions, gentle voices, and user-friendly poses. In my little writer's studio, I could take breaks and get my namaste on. Awesome.
We need this beautiful, sh*tty house. Our whole lives depend on it. Commence with the crossing of the fingers.
My co-workers comments were momentarily irksome, but, on reflection perfectly reasonable. More than once I have been moved to ask of myself what interests me about this bottle. Do I think that I will perceive in its gently decrepit state the still living remains of great brewing? The brewers that I have come across would be appalled to face a similar scrutiny. Their concern is to bring beer to readiness, then ship it,hoping that diligent publicans will do it justice. Time and oxygen are their enemy.
In TRIZ there are 8 different trends of evolution, by trends we mean the paths that some inventions/products have taken as they have improved (as extracted from a pattern analysis of all patent applications) . One of these is ‘Increasing segmentation and the use of fields’ and this trend typically goes
The International studies program has doubled over the last few years at Saint Peters. Trivedi states in addition to teaching and coordinating the program, he also runs another on-campus organization. As a result the International Studies Program is understaffed.
09. Imagination's Real/Nothing More To Lose
Noah And The Whale – 5 Years Time
Now before we get into all the noise and objections about this award let us go over what we know about it - (and then we will add some important details!)
I'll probably take a bit of a break from writing and critiquing and blogging over the next few weeks, but I'll be back, full of stories and sick of cold weather again.
Then I got out the soap (100% natural, chemical-free, biodegradable soap, in case you were worried).
checkered Vans, the exact pair of shoes
All his life, Bonhoeffer had applied the same logic to theological issues that his father applied to scientific issues. There was only one reality, and Christ was Lord over all of it or none. A major theme for Bonhoeffer was that every Christian must be “fully human” by bringing God into his whole life, not merely into some “spiritual” realm. To be an ethereal figure who merely talked about God, but somehow refused to get his hands dirty in the real world in which God had placed him, was bad theology. Through Christ, God had shown that he meant us to be in this world and to obey him with our actions in this world. So Bonhoeffer would get his hands dirty … because God was speaking to him about further steps of obedience (361).
So I hope to get some photos this week of my work both home and Orks.
"NapTme-s" cut twice with the layers function selected from the Sugar and Spice Cartridge cut at 4.5 inches from red cardstock
MW: No deals! I’m not going to the backroom. Bring it out.
I was there early. Had a glass of wine to calm my nerves. I’m waiting for 15 minutes. He’s not there. I text my internet dating guru, who tells me wait 5 minutes and hit the road. 2 minutes pass
She returned to the orphanage where she had lived until she turned seven years old. She saw the terrible things that had happened there but for the first time she remembered these events as if she were an outside observer. She watched in deep compassion for the orphaned child as if she was totally removed from the experience, except for her compassion for the child. The music stopped.
There will be two new Kim Hargreaves books coming for fall
If you've been thinking about a custom blog look, she's your girl!
Sounds simple, right? Uh huh. Keep reading.
Start early
Now for covers and the dreaded * that you saw next to ‘everything.’ Covers are a hot commodity that we are always short on, and now is no exception. Some of you will be able to take your covers same day (on a first come/first served basis), and others of you will have to wait; however, we will not stop you from preordering your covers to get the sale prices. You might just have a little bit of a wait, which again is a small price to pay for a great deal. If you’re concerned on getting product for the Holidays, just ask your friendly Sales Rep (we will be the lovely ladies in the LoveSac shirts, for the record) and she will be able to help you out. As far as the dreaded * goes, we do have to inform you:
05. Sudden ride (00:42)
16. I Keep Mine Hidden (Smiths, a B-side to a single)
20-something: Is he cute?
I tend to use any form of communication available as a platform for the most interesting topic on my mind (in my opinion). For this post I’m going to slow down and go back to the basics in term of a) my 7 goals, and b) my ‘radical’ moment this week.
All of which makes me ask a simple question: if lowlife like the worst of those on the good ship Newscorp won’t regulate themselves, why shouldn’t others (for example, me) have the right to speculate about what such evidence as we have to hand might mean? After all, I have no desire to accuse in a sloppy manner – like, for instance, both the Sun and Mirror did in relation to the guilt or otherwise of Chris Jefferies during the Joanna Yeates murder inquiry. All I wish to do is share my informed ponderings with Sloggers everywhere.
It was more than five hours. less than six!
Those clunking sounds you hear are the story being dropped in newsrooms all over the country and replaced by the one about the Hispanic guy in Florida, who the media and US cops insist in calling “white” who shot a black youth making an innocent detour through a gated community clutching a bag of skittles.
We ran out to Oak Street Beach and then back to Navy Pier for a round trip of just over 3 miles. We took it nice and easy and mostly just chatted.
Here are a few quotes from recent pension industry documents that should get your attention:
A couple are fighting for their lives in hospital after being mowed down in a hail of bullets in a police reaction that went horribly wrong.
Until then, it's parade day! I promise not to get too happy, so that I can finish knitting tonight. Montreal has the second oldest Saint Patrick's Day parade (after NYC, of course) in all of North America; this year's is the 189th edition. I was in/on a float one year (college float - any and all alumni were invited!), but I still can't decide if it's better to be a participant or a spectator.
Article Body:
Perkins characters are incredible. They are funny and complicated and imperfect and authentic. I love that St. Clair was short and had crooked bottom teeth, and that Anna had the streak of blond in her hair. Nobody was straight-forward or one dimensional, even the characters that sometimes come across as the bad guys– and for quite a lot of the book, I felt that way about St. Clair, mainly because I have a huge issue with guys who keep other girls hanging on, while they're in a relationship. But even with St. Clair's complicated relationship status, he managed to win me over by the end.
What was your favorite book when you were a child/teen?
But Shakespeare never does this again (any more than he again uses confusing names like Gremio and Grumio in the same play). It was possibly his first or at any rate his second. And he is retelling, as he would so often later, from a given source; he didn't invent the plot. That goes back to Ariosto and beyond.
This recipe is not only perfect for the warm days of Spring and Summer, it is also another example of Mediterranean Diet. Of course, it is also a perfect choice for your meatless Friday or Monday.
■Shakeology Home Direct (bulk or individual packets)
Hubby just told me he had merchandising jobs at WalMart this weekend, so I may tag along tomorrow and do any drugstore shopping on the way. I wouldn't go, but I need to pick up a filter for our air purifier and they are they best price at WalMart. Otherwise, I would not go near a WalMart on the weekend.
This bridge was built by
Scored it in half and then one side I scored at 2 3/4 and folded it in the opposite direction. It looks like a Z fold. I used some Nautical Expeditions DSP from last summer along with this stamp called Sailing Away both from Stampin Up.
Frankly, I never understood what anyone had against sopa-pillas. I love the Mexican dessert, especially with lots of honey and melted butter all poured down inside…mmmmmmmm…
I still working on some stuff for the blog, but I want to start updating daily with news, reviews, album leaks etc.
oil spray
Pix: Clix them for more info.
According to a report from Gizmodo (click here to read it), a group of wealthy investors have teamed up to start a new company called Planetary Resources. Their goal is to build spaceships, fly them into Earth orbit, and grab some passing asteroids.
1 Weber Smoker Mountain Cooker grill
When church gets out, Frank finds many squad cars waiting outside the door for him, with Richie leaning against his car right in front of him. Richie's men shut down all of Frank's brothers' businesses at the same time.
With that the radios fall silent and we ride in silence alone with our thoughts awhile. Bobbing and weaving down the roadway, slowly heading east we travel through a mixture of residential and business buildings. Some of the buildings and homes look like nothing is amiss, while others have suffered visible damage; some are either burnt out, smoldering or currently burning.
when you were sad and you felt alone
An offender’s proxy card will be utilized for meals. If they have eaten the offender will not be allowed “second helpings”. The proxy card will also keep track of the number of meals that an offender eats in a given period of time.
("The L Word," Foxy Brown), Lance Henricksen ("Millennium") and Richard Roundtree (Shaft)
turns out, slowing down and taking it easy can be nice.
Hi, my name is Katie and I need a garden intervention.
There are lots of wonderful prints available in her shop already (formerly Sew Fresh Fabric offerings) but these Blend prints are new acquisitions and others are coming. She has ordered some Lecien basics (a few stripes and dots, some ginghams and some florals), the complete Bella collection from Lotta, the new bark prints from Birch's Camp Modern, some Dear Stella prints, a few bolts from the NRockwell collection from Timeless, most of Mama Said Sew from Sweetwater, a new smaller chevron stripe from Riley Blake and some smaller dots as well, and an assortment of Penelope from Lakehouse Dry Goods. I want it all! It's going to be really hard to be good--be careful when you click over.
We learned later in the week that their house was in shambles and was not safe. They had no mattress, no blankets and no food. The window and door to their hut was broken, we agreed to pay for all these things and would deliver them when we returned. Prayers and prayers were lifted up for them and for our hearts to be prepared for what we would see. Nothing could have prepared us, and only Jesus, holding all our hands and holding me up could have gotten us through our next meeting.
I mentioned in the last post that we were taking off for Mexico for the holidays, and we did just that. One week in Cancun and thereabouts has given me enough blog fodder and photos to last a couple of months, so I'd best get to it.
In their ruling, the judges said: “An accused cannot be held in preventative custody on a speculative basis, namely that at some stage in the future the proceedings may be resurrected.”
This post is short....so if you are in the middle of Black Friday shopping, go ahead and get right back to it!
'Was that hard enough? Am I underperforming?'
Let me get right to it!...
Peace out peeps.
Did you know pineapple and raisins also go inside a carrot cake? This is one of those cakes I was not a fan of as a kid but I love it now. Complex flavors and that cream cheese frosting can't go wrong.
If you are interested in receiving these blog updates via e-mail, sign up on the right. There are 2 things you can sign up for.......I do a newsletter every so often and include an exclusive newsletter gift to those who subscribe to that. The other sign-up below the newsletter sign-up is the one for the blog post updates that I am trying to be better about doing this year!
Tell him that you are Pro-Choice, and that Jesus is your saviour, not your gynecologist, and that while you have accepted God, it is not in the same way as the Virgin Mary did, and God does not love you "that way" (you sick fuck), so there is no need for Jesus or God to concern Himself with your vagina or uterus.
Then you look at the Country and ask ‘why aren’t we doing better’?
I'm a Library Technician and Adult Teacher/Trainer but I currently work for a communications company where I provide computer services and write for their website. I have a diluted calico kitty, I collect vinyl LP's and have a way too many books. I am a computer nut and my blog is my baby. Want to know more? Read 15 totally random tidbits here. I currently receive an approximate average of 23 000 (as of 02/2012) visitors a month with a steady increase.
I recently discovered that one Saint Ansegisel, the Bishop of Metz, France, was my 30th great grandfather on my mother's side of the family tree. He lived from 582 to 641 A.D. He also was known as Arnulf, or Arnold in English.
After all, it’s hype that put Alabama Shakes in their current position: the realm of artists such as Drake, Nicki Minaj, and The Strokes, who achieved international acclaim before even having released a full-length album. At SXSW, they were the uncontested must-see act, serenading jam-packed venues with their refreshing blend of southern soul-rock and innovative indie. All eyes were on the Athens, AL four-piece in the weeks leading up to their much-anticipated debut record, Boys & Girls, which dropped Monday morning from ATO Records.
Wait, here's his official author biography from Simon & Schuster (Canada): "Douglas MacKinnon has written for both the White House and the Pentagon."
The Pirates face off against the Reds at home for a 3 game series starting tomorrow. Remember to root for the Bucs to beat the Reds for a chance to win some free cards. I guarantee there will be a HOF player in the package if the Pirates win the series.
Those are my two projects for today! Don't forget about our Preview Party on Facebook tonight at 6pm PST! Come 'like' our Facebook page and join us tonight for lots of chances to win stamps! For the low-down on this release keep reading the details below:
The exercise took place at the NSA’s Fort George G. Meade, Md., headquarters and at each of the academies on virtual, private networks, providing a safe path for the exercise while preventing interference with real-world networks.
We understood what l’esprit d’escalier was at school, before we learned much French, because of Michael’s socks.
But that's a discussion for another day. Today is a day to celebrate Canada. Good job turning three smaller British colonies into one big heaping British colony. Good work!
Hello Peeps! It is time for the March Challenge. This month we are making Good Luck cards in honor of St. Paddy's day! But you can't go out and buy St. Patricks' stamps. Instead use some other symbol of good luck. To help, this wikipedia site lists some lucky symbols as does this squidoo site.
Is your card, the drowned Phoenician Sailor,
Steve: "Black top with gold trim, black shiny jeans, thin shoes...straps...sandals...with your hair pinned high. Dangly gold earrings that made me smile. A big watch...too big. So subtle arm movement looked great. And you were dancing next to a red-haired girl in a green dress."
It is proper for the grant to set forth exactly what a licensee is free to do under the patent rights. Depending on the claims in the patents, the licensee can be given the right to manufacture, have manufactured, use and/or sell the subject matter of the licence.
What’s wrong,
If you want a real agent or a real publisher, you may need to spend years honing your skills and more time undergoing the grueling process of submissions and rejections. It can be difficult and disheartening. And even after the book is accepted, the work is by no means over. I spent most of my Christmas break struggling with edits.
Here's a trailer...
I'm being plagued by many, not least my own mother, who is Queen Diana, to get pregnant again, as my earlier daughter grew up overnight to a seventeen year old on Tarsus II in a device built by the Doolittles. As a result, she can now talk to animals and is Queen of the Jungle there. My mother, therefore needs another daughter that will eventally sit on her throne.
White is for a precious life,
Sugar – ½ teaspoon
This is the dedicated site for the forthcoming book to be published in September which will focus on using author solutions services in the UK and Ireland. The book is currently with the publishers at its final editing stage with Advance Information already gone out to the trade. The dedicated site for this book has been significantly beefed up with content this weekend and more developments to be rolled out over the coming months.
Drive for 36 hours
The show has been seen very little on TV since it went off the air since it did not produce enough episodes for a traditional syndication contract.
Yet that does not matter to these fans who will happily abuse someone without even properly knowing what they did.
Oh, friends, that was so fucking sweet. I felt like I was winning one for every woman who was ever underestimated as a card player. (And, ooh, the sexism there is palpable.)
Late one night, I was a-trimming of the glim
I looked around to see if I was the only one suffering a bout of Perspirationitus, and seems to me the French healthcare system has given them a vaccine I'm obviously missing.
‘Like on the moon.’
Reimagined..restored…reborn!
Neil Harris has a few unconventional suggestions to enhance your season viewing while waiting for The Next Doctor to come on TV in YOU ARE NOT ALONE!
Being part of the children’s writers’ community on Facebook and belonging to the SCBWI has brought with it a host of benefits, not least being getting to know so many amazing writers – and London author, Keren David is one of them. I had a feeling, long before I read Keren’s debut novel, When I Was Joe, that I was going to enjoy it. What I didn’t expect was the sheer impact the book had on me. I read it pretty much in one sitting and all I can say is, “Wow! Read it”! When I Was Joe is a gripping, vivid and intense thriller told with dramatic pacing. It is a novel which has left me utterly breathless – and more importantly, it’s a novel that has left me thinking long after I closed the book.
Cheryl talks about her love for shoes and what she has put into the project from her dreams: “I’ve been dreaming about shoes, millions of them but i wanted the initial six to eight pairs to be everything I’ve ever dreamed of.”
While I often walk these beaches with my wife and my Zen master, Derry, I also spend a great deal of time walking alone. Some might find this a lonely enterprise, but I do not. Indeed, I find myself in complete agreement with that fine writer and lover of the sea, Anne Morrow Lindbergh, who once said:
lunch. "The Aji is not fresh" he told me, "no good", so I ordered unagi
For purposes of their own, powerful special interest groups desperately seek to keep substantive discussion of the Holocaust story taboo. One of the ways they do this is by purposely mischaracterizing revisionist scholars as “deniers.” But the truth can’t be suppressed forever: There is a very real and growing controversy about what actually happened to Europe’s Jews during World War II.
“Brynjolf dismissed the crowd so I returned to him. He had, of course, seen me perform the deed, so he handed me my cut. I took it and listened to what he had to say. He told me about his ‘organization’ and how it dwelt in the tunnels beneath Riften, known as the Ratway. He told me to make my way there and then ended our conversation with ‘Get there in one piece!’. Hah! That poor bastard doesn’t know who he is dealing with, but I will show him… him and his shadowy organization.
Special Cup Get Gold on Brilliant Cup
Thank you Mom for putting up with football in the living room and band practice in the basement.
okies a few guidlines
If you buy an extra box of cereal and 10 extra cans of vegetables a week, at the end of a month you'll have four extra boxes of cereal and 40 extra cans of vegetables, and anything else you keep stocking up. It adds up quickly, and it's absolutely worth it!
Welcome! I hope you are having a wonderful time taking advantage of those great pre-NSD sales! I have some NSD news below!
Mrs. Arnold Reeli-Bassackwards: Hmm. Now that’s a good question. I personally think that… Actually, I’m not sure.
Guys, if you are in your sixties chances are you have at least one strand of gray hair—like, hello!
Hi to any new visitors to my blog as part of the New York Beauty QAL hosted by my friend Sara over at Sew Sweetness. Also hi to anyone dropping by from Cindy's blog where I'm featured on the Name Game today :o)
Please come see everything in person if you can! There is nothing like seeing this beautiful home up close and personal. The views are breathtaking, and I have never seen a home for a Showcase with such presence.
09. Unwind
I am a Certified Curly hair Specialist. Meaning I give curly girl hair cuts. How are these different than someone 'cutting curly hair'? I start with dry hair. You need to see the hair in it's natural state so you can see where the weight is. I also do not use a comb, but cut each individual curl. Yes, if you go to a curly girl specialist you probably will pay more. But my clients can go fro 2-6 months between cuts. That is how important a great cut is to curly hair!! You can also search her sight for a stylist near you who is certified.
As my dear roommate pointed out to me, my car overheated in “Descanso”, which means “rest” in Spanish, and my car made it very clear to me that it wanted to do just that, and I should too. So that’s what I proceeded to do for the next 2 days: rest. I was thankful to have a little extra time to spend with Ryan, and Elaine and her son just happened to be visiting her family Wednesday and Thursday, so I got to see them one last time. Mason just also happened to be wearing a shirt that for our purposes here, we’ll say describes me. :)
experienced in some parts of
I've added a video here that I found on YouTube of a news report of the ceremony, but, no, I wasn't able to spot myself.
Am looking for Second Grade Blogs for a friend at school...I know someone has compiled a collection, but I can not remember who...
What was your movies name, and what was the plot of your story?
A few days ago I dropped by my local beauty supply store to see if they still sold Nyx products. I hadn’t been in that store for quite some time, I know at least a year. To my delight, they still carried Nyx and had even expanded their display. Not to mention they now carry Ruby Kisses. I haven’t tried out any Ruby Kisses products but I hope to soon. Anyway, on to the purchases!
yes, Miss Snark has run out of new things to say.
to give him rest from days of trouble. .(His discipline is all love, to give me rest)
I used Graphic 45 Paper, Spellbinders and few eyelets, Ribbon by American Crafts, Stickles (for the fireflies) and a lot of imagination ...
sometimes I want to have a full conversation
A2) Adrian Deallie - Ethiopian Crisis
Miffed, the Idiot reached over onto the desk and grabbed the new issue of TV Guide magazine. He was just starting to roll it up in his hands when…
What did we do? Gardens were weeded and are now ready for planting, onions were planted, chilli’s and rosellas were harvested and the compost was turned over.
and we are not Wrong
I read some reviews of this novel and I agree with some parts that were made. One could say that the housekeeper Ellen Dean was the one who was a victim and was abused. It shows when she tells the story to Mr. Lockwood of all who were at Wuthering Heights and ThrushCross Grange. But when I read farther I thought maybe she isn't the controller but she was the cause of the chaos. She also was supervisor of the children.
Pratyush: – Hey what a coincidence. I am also going to attend their marriage. Sony lives just a few building away from mine.
You may have noted that the above scenario introduces up to 5 seconds of latency between the server knowing something and the client being informed on its next poll. Not the kind of performance we expect in a new application, surely! You try to reduce the timings lower, to give you better latency; now, this may or may not work, although in this scenario you better hope that your server keeps up with servicing the requests! If not then you’ll soon DDOS you own server (and database, and router etc) as connection requests start stacking up.
I knew I had reached that point one day when I turned to ask Doug to handle another last-minute assignment and could see the frustration in his eyes. He had not only been handling his own responsibilities well but also had been picking up the slack for other team members whose performance was lagging.
Best of luck!
If someone isn’t paying you, sue their ass. Don’t “be nice.” You don’t want to burn every bridge, but some look much better in flames. If a client is screwing you and smiling, why would you want them anyway?
Deirdra: Can you tell us a little about Woman of Honor and Knight of Glory.
If you are looking for a bed that is both stylish and comfortable then look no further than the Serene range of metal beds. Whether you are on the hunt for children’s single beds or want a double bed for your own room, you are sure to find a design you like from the manufacturer. Serene offers a wide range of models, each with their own distinct style – from classic options to more contemporary frames.
Earlier....
Worldbuilding: 4 Snyders
I am loving this feeling of spaciousness now. A friend dropped by yesterday and said, wow, your place seems so spacious. I immediately took her to my room and showed her my cupboard, which I was so proud to do. That cupboard has had things crammed in any old how for what seems like forever, and to be able to put my finger on whatever I want now feels like such a luxury, and an accomplishment. Even though no one ever looks in that cupboard, I have always felt the need to have the doors closed at all times because of the embarrassment around the junk I have had piled in there.
Talkin' all about the new crowd
Call your local post-office or a bank and ask them if they are open, if they ask why tell them because it’s your birthday.
How I did it: I washed the plants very carefully, removing all the earth without losing any of the plant itself. then I chopped it all very small, stuffed it into a small kilner jar – it came to the top – and added 40% vodka, to the top. This was then tipped into a bowl and I ‘blitzed’ it with the braun shredder, and tipped it back into the kilner jar. The top rim was carefully cleaned and then the jar sealed and labelled. This will now be shaken twice a day for 14 days, when I shall strain the mixture through a square of cotton muslin. The tincture will be ready to take then. 5ml twice a day, until it is gone.
Ladle the soup over the crepes in the reserved soup bowls. Sprinkle each bowl with chives or green onion.
I will be civil in my public discourse and behavior.
Now, this isn’t to say that you skinny minnies don’t have “true” friends, it’s just to say that bigger people have to rely on their personalities to attract positive attention.
Don't put a lot of broth because the squash will make plenty of it's own liquid because squash is mostly water.
Muni Weisenfreund made his stage debut at age 12 playing an 80 year old man in a skit with his parents who were both show biz veterans. He was hooked and lost all interest in practicing his violin, which did not please his father at all! After a time Muni played parts regularly, always popular and always trying new makeup and beards, he loved changing himself into other characters. Young Muni also loved to go rollerskating outside the theater between shows but didn’t have time to get out of and back into makeup and costume again and so apparently he often caused quite a stir when bystanders would see this very energetic 80 year old man whiz by on roller skates!
The person in question died before Whitman could close the case. Meanwhile, Roberts' slaying became international news -- and the lone blemish on Whitman's otherwise-sterling six-year stint in the Miami Police Homicide Unit. Click here to read full story.
The winner will be chosen via random.org, by your comment #. US and Canadian residents ONLY please.
I now live in Cumbria.
Hey, she was free with a bag of food at my vet's office. Now, WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
Taobao is a web site for online shopping, similar to pages like eBay, Amazon, Rakuten, etc. The site pretty much works the same as the others, although it's not possible for you to rate their services or items, unless you contact the agent you're using who can do it for you.
Even though there are different accessories such as rings, necklaces that are made with amazing diamonds, a diamond watch is a good gift for a lady. It couldn’t be better for a man to show his love by buying a diamond watch as a gift for his woman.
350And drink the falling tears each other sheds;
Flybe’s new website is slick, it is finished too, something that both Virgin Atlantic and BA didn’t execute well when they launched their new look homepages. It echoes their business model as a light and flexible regional business carrier, offering direct point to point services with convenient times, frequency and flexibility in their tickets. The site has taken away the ‘fun’ and ‘vibrant’ look of its origins, and has produced something a lot calmer and more at home in a corporate environment. The softer smarter colours help really hold the whole site together, and no doubt this ‘maturing’ of its brand will be seen throughout its literature, such as inflight magazine ‘Uncovered’ and onboard / lounge offerings too.
1 tsp cumin seeds
I don’t know if any of you have read the posts in the My Life volume of this blog, but let’s just say that I’ve had way too much exposure to that kind of violence for me to find anything funny about it at all. In fact, I reacted to that clip just like the stereotypical “shell-shocked combat veteran who’s just heard a car backfiring” would – by flashing back through some the absolute worst moments of my life.
01-Overture
I use Statcounter.com. I'm sure there are a lot of other sites out there and probably better ones too. This is just what I use. It counts your hits, IP addresses, countries, cities, and states of your visitors, the keywords people googled that brought them to your site, etc.
Afternoon tea at Harrods, how many brownie points can one man earn on one trip?
It doesn’t matter that people do not know the person around them. All came with the same purpose and all came with the same mind — That is to ask for a free and fair election.
Well, so here is the deal. I have been on a cupcake baking frenzy. In order to save a couple of dollars, I have opted to not only make the lunch we will be serving for my son's baptism, but also to make cupcakes instead of ordering a fancy cake as my family always does. I make desserts all the time, but I have yet to really flex my cake or cupcake muscle--mainly because I don't have one. You see, I can follow directions and bake well enough, but I am horrible at decorating. So, I usually stick to desserts that don't require a lot of skill in that department. But I digress. What I am trying to say is that I made this cake into cupcakes because I made the recipe at the end of a long week of cupcake baking and I was on a role; it's that simple.
I saw you coming, walking fast like you
If my topic were a record, what would it be? Oh… I like this one. Perhaps something from Of Montreal? They’re a semi-obscure band but if you’ve heard them you’re smiling right now because they’re just really really fun. That’s kind of how the refugee community in Lincoln is. Not a lot of people work with them, but all those who do talk about what a blessing it is to be able to invest in their lives. If you haven’t considered working with the refugee community of Lincoln (or in your hometown… summer volunteer work perhaps?), you really should. You won’t regret it.
This year I was going to do it differently. (This seems to be the theme of my life.) I went to Lowe's and bought several 50 pound bags of sand. Let me just insert here that 50 pounds is a lot heavier than you think it is going to be. The salesperson assured me that someone would help me load it into my van and he trotted off to help a skinny, young thing, leaving me and my four children to fend for ourselves. My 6 year old son, who thinks he is He-Man, pushed the flat bed cart to the checkout. He was really proud of himself because he "only ran into Mommy two times!" Yeah.....
Photographs of India, including the Taj Mahal with the camouflage netting:
Nuts with Honey Crust
Don’t you love the talent of the young? Free in expression and with heightened emotion they can push boundaries with their talent. Do you know anyone who inspires you like that?
That day, I really didn't care how the groceries were in. I grasped the bigger vision. I needed their help, however they could give it to me. And I was grateful.
I’m very much enjoying my mini holiday, if I am allowed to call it a holiday. Usually, when I come back to my hometown, I get quite bored and within the space of 2 days I feel like leaving again. Now that my energy has come back from the day at the dentist, I feel relaxed and calm, and dare I say it, very happy.
Given the opportunity, kids love to be out in the woods or in a field, searching for bugs and sticks, flowers and rocks. Showing them that you can eat some of those plants should not be scary, but fun. With a little caution, and plenty of encouragement, the kids will be able to positively identify many common and safe wild edibles. With simple explanations and repetition, children will absorb information without realizing they are learning something, they will just think that eating stuff outside is cool.
So, I made this crock pot recipe and cut the onions and then it just hit me. I couldn't see what the hell I was chopping because the tears are pouring out of my head in record speed. Like I was in the midst of reading a Nicholas Sparks novel and crying my eyeballs out, but I was in the kitchen with a huge ass knife tearing rivers that could rival the Nile. So instead of risking slicing my fingers off, I decided to do the next best thing I could think of. I stopped chopping those little bastards and went all MacGuyveresque in my own kitchen.
Katy is an arts and entertainment journalist and has worked for Time Out, Associated Newspapers and Comic Relief and her articles have appeared in The Times (London), Metro (London) and many other arts and entertainment publications, paper and online. Alongside writing under the pen-name Derry O’Dowd, whose next book she is working on, she writes under her own name. ‘The Lady Astronomer’ will be out with Doctor Fantastique Books in April/May. She is also reviews movies for STUDIO magazine, and is currently co-editing ‘Nasty Snips II’ a horror anthology which will be out with Pendragon Press at Halloween.
It was a great visit and we were so glad they were able to come. We are hoping we can plan a trip sometime next year to go visit them. It was hard to go 8 months w/o seeing them, so to consider it will likely be over a year before we get to go see them again, is kind of hard. Thank God for Skype though!!
In 1992, a new Marxist organization Committees of Correspondence was formed when a third of the Communist Party broke away to link up with DSAers, Trotskyists, Maoist, leftist Democrats and anarchists in an attempt to modernize and broaden the U.S. left. Marable became a co-chair of the new coalition.
Aisha H. - $50 Couon Envy from Save More Spend Less
Lieutenant Guy "Phoenix" Darson came in on the channel, he was in command of the Hellcat squadron. "Phoenix here, we have incoming enemy fighters, moving in to engage. All Viper's follow my lead!"
The above packages pretty much follow along the lines of AuthorHouse packages with an editorial review not kicking in until the author parts with $1000 and not sign of a hardback unless the author goes for the top package at $1599.
Hello Everyone, Angie Blom here with some great NEWS!!
I prefer these classy musicals of the '30s to the more bombastic widescreen extravaganzas that would come in later decades. Top Hat is the epitome of the escapist film, creating a fantasy world through the music of Berlin, and the dancing and singing of Astaire & Rogers. To watch a film like this is to know what it feels like to fall in love. The word "heartwarming" was invented for it.
Herman was a good house keeper. He would sniff the floor and find even the tiniest bit of food the girls had dropped and eat it. Herman was also a good watch dog. He was fine with the four of us but when someone else came that big 'possum mouth would open and he was hiss as loud as he could.
And Pharisees came up to him and tested him by asking, “Is it lawful to divorce one’s wife for any cause?” He answered, “Have you not read that he who created them from the beginning made them male and female, and said, ‘Therefore a man shall leave his father and his mother and hold fast to his wife, and the two shall become one flesh’? So they are no longer two but one flesh. What therefore God has joined together, let not man separate.” They said to him, “Why then did Moses command one to give a certificate of divorce and to send her away?” He said to them, “Because of your hardness of heart Moses allowed you to divorce your wives, but from the beginning it was not so. (ESV)
1 prior
I’ve written about trailers before–I’ll do it again. Trailers are videos that are usually from 2 to 3 minutes long that describe and feature your novel. They are used for advertising.
Today, India has become the world’s largest importer of arms. India’s navy is to deploy three aircraft carriers, nuclear-powered submarines with ballistic missiles, a powerful air force, and armed forces of 1.3 million. India has long land and maritime frontiers and needs large, well-equipped military forces. India and China have long been locked in an arms race, though neither will admit it. China holds a lead over India in modernized armed forces, but India is catching up. India is deeply concerned over China’s land, air and missile forces on the Tibetan Plateau overlooking the plains of India, and by China’s development of blue water naval forces that are edging into the Indian Ocean.
And roads, that are far away,
*After March 2011, the revolution wave will settle down into a period of reformation.
How the money from "Carbon Tax" can prevent Global change is a mystery to me not to mention the chaos they intend to create "as part of the solution".
DO NOT MISUNDERSTAND, I’VE NO PROBLEM WITH PEOPLE WHO TEACH ACTING.
URBAN: Frontera Grill and Topolobampo, Chicago; Grace, Los Angeles; Josie, Santa Monica, CA; Michael’s Genuine Food & Drink, Miami; Reef, Houston; Rendezvous in Central Square, Cambridge, MA; T’Afia, Houston; Telepan, New York, NY; White Dog Cafe, Philadelphia; Wilshire, Santa Monica, CA
First, God is faithful. How do we know this? By studying Scripture and developing a relationship with God which allows Him the opportunity to reveal His faithfulness over time to us. Consider the following verses: Deuteronomy 7:9 reads, “Know therefore that the Lord your God is God; He is the faithful God, keeping his covenant of love to a thousand generations of those who love Him and keep His commands.” Psalm 37:27-28 says, “Turn from evil and do good . . . for the Lord loves the just and will not forsake His faithful ones.” Lamentations 3:22-23 states, “Because of the Lord’s great love we are not consumed, for His compassions never fail. They are new every morning; great is Your faithfulness.” And we also read in 1 Corinthians 1:9 that “God, who has called you into fellowship with His Son Jesus Christ our Lord, is faithful.” By knowing God’s faithfulness, and acknowledging His faithfulness to us, we ourselves can then be true worshipers of God through our faithfulness to Him.
Eventually, a representative of Applebee's talked to demonstrators and promised that all salaries would be paid though not till 6th January.
Paper proposals (between 200 and 300 words) should be submitted by registering at: http://www.historicalmaterialism.org/conferences BEFORE 10 May 2012. Submissions will be peer reviewed. Please be aware that the conference is self-funded therefore we are unable to help with travel and accommodation costs.
Home.
Most of the suggestions that I’m offering are not free. I understand that. The TTC is already pinched for money in terms of just keeping the stations clean and expanding the actual service. But the cost in the long run of not taking into account riders and people flow will be massive. Having a good transit system is not just about the vehicles and staff – it’s also about getting people to their destinations efficiently.
And then there are the ingredients. Most ice cream makers wouldn't invest the time to research and source the freshest, most flavorful ingredients, nor would they pay for them. But Van Leeuwen uses stuff like Michel Cluizel chocolate, Piedmont hazelnuts, fair trade Columbian coffee, and oak barrel aged vanilla.
I never actually thought I'd nit 100 units in a week and I certainly wasn't trying to but I also don't consider that I was binge drinking either. I was drunk once in week two and that was the Kernel Black IPA launch, of the rest of the week, I have to say I was taking it quite easy!
Congratulations to you all, please mail me brenda@ibas.co.uk with your full postal addys so I can get your prizes off to you. And don'r forget to grab our winner sidebar button to add yo your own blogs. Any prizes remaining unclaimed by 8th May will be re-drawn.
Watch and decide for yourself..
The story of Naaman, the chief general of the armies of Aram, stands as one of the most fascinating stories in the Bible. Naaman, a powerful warrior, was stricken with leprosy. In one of the battles with Israel, the armies of Naaman captured a young girl of Israel, whom he gives to his wife as a servant. While we know very little about her, this young Israelite girl, recognizing her new master’s condition, tells Naaman’s wife about a powerful prophet, Elisha of Samaria, who has the ability to heal her husband.
I know he's still there though. Every time I see him, he takes at least one chance to stare right into my eyes. Then his big steel blues start to get watery, and I've all but lost it.
2) Don't let you kids out of their chairs.
Some were taking photos of each other. Some were passing around the Bersih pamphlets and yellow ribbon. It was a festive atmosphere and very peaceful just around 11am. The crowd then moved to Jalan Sultan where a bigger crowd already gathered. There was one medical unit booth set up in a corner shop. We were also are given free mineral water distributed by a supporter from one lorry.
Add chicken, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring, until chicken is heated through, 1 to 2 minutes, then stir in 6 cups tortilla chips and cook until chips are softened (but not mushy), about 1 minute.
Of course smoking crack might also be fun but that doesn’t mean it isn’t bad for you. But I don’t think that horror is harmful in and of itself. I think the genuine horror hound is wound a bit tighter than the average person. The horror fan is at his essence a man or woman who cannot stop his brain from saying “If…” Horror gives a release valve to that irrationality. Sometimes that release must be a serious attempt to engage in the fears that have been brewing beneath the surface. When that happens you get a film like one of the ones we discussed in the last chapter. But sometimes, that release must be a little wilder, a little crazier. Sometimes as Chesterton notes in another essay, (“There is a vital objection to the advice merely to grin and bear it. The objection is that if you merely bear it, you do not grin.”) the grotesque must wear the gargoyle’s grin. Marde Gras and Halloween and the aforementioned Michael Myers plushy. We take the face of what frightens us and we make it our own. And if we do not smile as we do it, we are missing something crucial.
2 start
There had been talk two years ago about this becoming a Buffalo Wild Wings, but that plan involved the demolition of the building -- plus a Buffalo Wild Wings went into the Arundel Mills Mall.
The Losing End
As it was my second anniversary I said it would be two small gifts in the embroidered bag, one item would be stitched in a DMC colour chosen by the winner. Lynn chose DMC 603 pink and the flowers on the notebook cover were stitched in that shade. The second item in the little bag was one of my embroidered hearts with pulled thread work and bullion rosebuds.
March 15, 2012
 Able to love others even the least
What’s your mantra?
Gayby Group Parenting
I cook with propane, have wood or alcohol stove as a back up, use propane to heat but have kerosene as a back up and will soon install, make a small wood burner stove in the camper.
‘Ellen?’
Hey Sharon. Thanks for taking the time out to talk to me about your new film, ‘The Hunger Games’.
That said, maybe it's not right to frame this opinion as placing an "additional" burden on TDCJ or the counties, because really they had that burden all the time and just weren't carrying their full weight. The state has been skating on parolees' rights in the name of cost and convenience for many years, with state courts going along to get along. So it's rather startling to see the CCA finally focused on parolee due process questions. They're opening a can of worms that won't close any time soon.
5. Aquavit. I can think of one or two cocktails made from gin’s Scandinavian cousin but I’d like to see more. Aquavit comes in two main types, in my experience: the clear variety is more caraway-driven and the other, aged variety balances the caraway with dill and other spices. I prefer the latter, and I think it’s probably easier to mix, too.
1 red, yellow, and green pepper, roughly chopped
The Owner of the gym, Lori, is awesome & wonderful, and gives us amazing workouts! She is hard on us because she truly wants each person in that gym to reach their goals. Some have weight loss goals, some have toning and strengthening goals, while others just need to get active instead of sitting on their couch with the TV going non-stop!
Yesterday was the day. I cowgirled-up and got the ingredients out to attempt this new recipe. The recipe called for mixing the first of the ingredients in a large bowl but I used my new Kitchen-Aid mixer instead. (One of the reviews I read said that they had used their mixer and it turned out so I figured I could too!). Everything was going smooth. I dumped all the ingredients in the bowl as the recipe called for, lowered the dough hook and cranked it up. Flour went everywhere! I should've known better than to add all the flour at once but I wasn't thinking. I was too busy following directions *smile*. But, after each otherwise successful step, my confidence was boosted.
There are a number of political dramas being played out across the EU. The first being closer integration of a core of EU countries. Behind closed doors I'm pretty sure its acknowledged that some countries will leave the Euro and things have moved on to political positioning to be top dog of the smaller core Euro zone. Despite talking of repatriating power back to the UK Parliament, David Cameron is negotiating exactly the opposite. He wants to be fully integrated, paid up member of what will effectively become the EU's equivalent of the UN security council. A core bloc of countries that will control, manage and police the outlying EU countries.
Actually, if the truth be known, I do like the Austin & MacAuley website. It screams books and trade publisher in the way any publisher’s site should. They advertise books from the word go, and they have an updated news feed on current author events and releases. The cover artwork on their books is pretty good and is up there with many UK trade publishers. One glaring error that did catch my eye on the scrolling book adverts on the header of their website does bring cause for reflection and the presence of attention to detail. Norma Lloyd Nesling’s, The Regis Connection is an author who caught my eye because she previously published through Troubador Publishing. Her book is listed in the scrolling header and it would help if Austin & MacAuley spelt the name of one of their own authors correctly in the advert—Lloyd is misspelt ‘Llyod’ in the graphic. It is details like this that raise a red flag for me.
If you ever get the chance to see Joe at work, jump at it. Apart from the technical aspects, observing his approach to engaging an audience, his method of working through the challenges and handling of his subjects was inspiring. The icing, of course, was Joe’s great sense of humor and interesting anecdotes. He also said something along the following lines: “You need to have fun. If you”re not having fun, it starts to feel like work. And god forbid, nobody should have to go through that.”
davefarmersblog (Dave Farmer) – Brilliant creative writing (a particular liking for zombies), interesting writing info/tips, and great photos.
not represent. So if an attorney bothers you, tell him he/she is
The second one was given to my brother & sister-in-law and their 2 boys.
'Do you want me to organise a knit-along with my daughter, to keep you company?' came back the reply.
#70
I measured both ends to be the height I wanted, and took my trusty jigsaw (at one point, I'm pretty sure that was Chris's trusty jig saw...it's now safe to say it's mine), and got to cutting.
Bobbie Gentry’s “Touch ’Em With Love” reached the lofty peak of 164 on Billboard’s album chart in 1969. Typical of her solo, post-Billie Joe output, it tanked in America. On the strength of Bobbie’s chart-topping version of “I’ll Never Fall In Love Again” (predating Dionne Warwick’s more playful American hit rendition by three months) however, the album was a UK hit. It’s a tremendous LP, possibly Gentry’s finest (there is no such thing as a bad Bobbie Gentry record.) The production is just right, and Bobbie nails every song. My only reservation is the lack of original material—just two of the 10 songs are self-penned. That they’re far superior to the covers (by the likes of Jimmy Webb, Bacharach-David, and Hurly-Wilkins) says much about Bobbie Gentry’s staggering talent. She is one of America’s great, underappreciated songwriters. Of the two, “Glory Hallelujah, How They’ll Sing” is a rousing and incredibly descriptive Countrypolitan Sunday Revival anthem (The Guardian includes it in their “1,000 Songs Everyone Must Hear” list. Here’s the entry: “Although it’s just ambiguous enough not to antagonize Bobbie Gentry’s large, hipster audience, Glory Hallelujah sees the Mississippi belle come, not to mock southern baptism, but to praise it. It isn’t in itself religious, but a celebration of the role faith plays in binding a community, from sing-songs at a country picnic to the barndance and church. The lyrics are fantastically detailed, and when the ecstatic gospel chorus breaks in, it would take a heart of stone not to feel the rapture.”) It’s that inspiring—almost enough to make me turn off the Fovea Hex this Sunday morning and get myself to church.
Since my first set was born, we have occasionally had to deal with insurance mix-ups at the pharmacy. Today was one of those days. They wouldn't cover Kaitlyn's antibiotic because Mackenzie got the same antibiotic a week ago.
Our eye is one of the most important organs of our body. That’s why, together with DepEd’s permission and guidance, the Vision Medix Eye Center provided comprehensive eye consultation and other services. It was held last February 16 from 9:30 am – 4:00 pm at LNHS covered court.
also, yes, the framed pictures I have on my bookcases-turned-bookcase are turned down. By order of the oldest brother, no pictures of his child shall be put up on the internet by any of us (i.e. his siblings). I’m not going to go against that.
From the other side of the room, Roger noticed her discontent and looked up from the spreadsheets and plans that he had laid out all over the parlour room table with concern on his handsome face (I don't mean he spread them out over the table with his face).
Monte and I welcome any comments you might have on the Lenten posts. Use the COMMENT box below to respond. For details on the COMMENT CONTEST click on: http://carolyncholland.wordpress.com/monthly-prize-for-comments/
“I love taekwondo because it teaches me discipline and a great work ethic,” she said. “And although athletes compete in events individually, I love the team camaraderie and visiting new places.”
Lauren says, "it's no secret that i like pink... especially on cards... especially on *CHRISTMAS* cards, so this week was pure joy for me! :) i'm not sure how this card evolved into being french, as well, except that i found the pink eiffel tower fabric paper whilst searching for something else and that sort of set the whole thing off. i love it, though; especially since only the snowflakes and snowflake paper are specifically "holiday" products; everything else was regular stash!"
Mary Agatha 55, a Primary School teacher is a married mother with four children. Agatha’s sentiments are rather strong on the fact that a woman must be beaten up as a proof of love. She concurs with the local culture that encourages wife beating. “How can my husband prove that he loves me if he does not beat me? A woman who has never been beaten by her husband is wasting her time. She will never really know what true love means. It is also really nice to be beaten because my husband always buys me gifts after beating me. I sometimes provoke him to beat me up so that I can have my gifts! Some women are so stupid that they do not even allow their husbands to slap them,” says Agatha. “When will they ever get loved?” She pauses.
Now, I don’t know how many of you are familiar with the Mishnah, or on which level you are familiar with it. Explained in short, Mishnah is the compilation of what in Judaism is considered the Oral Law, given to Moshe Rabenu, A”S, and handed down through the generations until it was written down in the time of R. Yehudah HaNasi, Z”L, around the year 200 CE. There is one Mishnah, which became the basis for later commentaries, called Gemarrot (in plural, singular it’s Gemarrah), and the two, Mishnah and Gemarrah, are compiled in what we call Talmud (which later on had a lot of commentaries added, but that’s another story).
So that they have an understanding of how the organization has set the minimum standards…to where they are…
— Charles Reich. “The Greening of America.” 1970.
Sisterhood Everlasting: The last book in the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series. Not my favorite, and at times it felt a little jumpy, but I was glad to get closure on the series and what the girls did with their lives, even if they weren't how I pictured, or some of the loose ends felt a little like a cop-out. Three stars.
If you ever get Babu from the Taj Bombay to make it for you you will forget Babu but not his cudhi, it’s just brilliant (remember Babu from the Parsee blog? No? Okay, then click Parsee Food – a beautiful yatra).
I acquired Jingle Dancer at Lodestar Books, which was a imprint of Dutton Children’s Books. I received a revision of the manuscript on April 9, and Cyn’s wonderful agent, Ginger Knowlton, had an offer in hand by the end of April. I had to have this book!
A quick look at the title says it all: I am feeling more like a butterfly.
3) And the virtual winners are Obama and Giuliani. Centrist Democrats like Giuliani. Centrist Republicans like Obama. Since neither one’s actual history or views jibe with the opposite party’s, I have to believe there are other factors that lead to their current popularity with would-be enemies. In Giuliani’s case, my guess is that it’s his name recognition, plus his perceived legacies of turning around NYC and his handling of 9/11. Obama? Must be because he’s likeable as a person and not being Hillary, because his political stances really don’t align with Republicans one iota. Once the majority of the party faithful actually see where each one stands, their support will waiver. (To me, this is supported by the lack of support for Giuliani among northeastern Democrats, who know him a bit more than the rest of the country.) Nonetheless, will we see some people voting outside of their party’s primary to help nominate these two? And if so, will it be in significant enough numbers to help?
Ordnung muss sein. There must be order. Sergeant LaRoche’s firm German upbringing won’t allow for anything else. After the tragic loss of his own wife, LaRoche is unswerving in his attempts at justice. Charlie and Ann must be caught or the world might just not make sense.
To extend the metaphor in the image, our bodies are those flowers.
Why, one could think that MacDonald describes the University of Bologna or a student café in Dusseldorf or Helsinki — in the 1960s or now. Hardly any Jews there. MacDonald’s Jew screamers are Bernardo Bertolluci’s gentile dreamers in an eponymous film about French students in the 60s. Not a single Jew behind or in front of the camera in that film.
Maralena Howard Different ways. Usually I like to just spend a little while in a peaceful/relaxing state. Maybe sipping on some coffee, relaxing by a window – looking out and just letting my mind wander or equal out/balance. I like to enter into the piece (especially if it is a new one) unrushed and with a sense of free flowing rhythm. Once I am in that place within the piece – I sometimes like music in the background. Currently I have been listening to Govi. Flamingo gets my artistic motor running too. I really enjoy all the music from “Café Del Mar”… it sets the background for some of my work.
Scribbling on the sky the message He Is Dead,
Unfortunately, my zookeeper took me on another outing on Thursday that very well might have subjected the entire family to embarrassment…especially now that I will be publishing the account in my very modern and wildly popular diary.
5) Preheat a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add vegetable oil to coast the bottom of the pan with a thin layer. Brown chicken pieces 2 minutes on each side in the hot oil or until evenly light golden in color.
Imagine the struggle of having to deal with bare fingernails. I’m not exaggerating. I’m sure polish addicts understand completely.
“It’ll be later again tonight” came a quiet voice from the other side of the house. Her dad was home but was busy in his study. “How did you get on at school today?” the distant voice continued. “Okay” Lisa replied, somewhat unenthusiastically.
My fridge always seems to collect "stuff". It's not junk, because they are all things that are important. School calendar, school lunch calendar, baseball game schedule, missionary prayer cards, Save the Date cards, etc...
The Allman Brothers Band, jamming at the Fillmore East, New York, March 1971, played this.
It really wasn't that bad. Surprisingly it didn't really hurt until hubby started to clean it up for me. Unfortunately I broke the needle in my sewing machine and I didn't have any extra. So my sweet hubby actually went to Joann's for me and bought me some new sewing needles. Wasn't that so sweet of him? After about 2 hours I was back to sewing.
The Mishnah (Sanhedrin 1:1) arrives at the number twenty-three based on an exegetical derivation (See Note [1]). So, an assembly of twenty-three judges was formed according to the rule laid out in the Mishnah.
Moving to Tetouan, Sira survives by sewing beautiful clothes for the English mistress of one of the most powerful men in Morocco and for her German friends. As the women unguardedly gossip about their husbands and lovers, Sira is placed in a position very valuable to the British secret service, and she is soon forced to move to Madrid where great danger lies.
The last two years or so have also shown that you have almost single-handedly managed to cause major Panic Attacks in CBT Extremists, a.k.a. PACE trial syndrome in so-called doctors who are more interested in money and power and vested interest, then in helping severely disabled patients get proper treatment.
I wish everyone had such a place. It’s really just better to turn everything off for a few days. I’m scheduling a few posts (including this one) to go up while I’m gone, but there may be several days without posts. I’m not entirely sure when I’ll be back. Enjoy your weekend!
One more thing, Nadia May does a wondrous job narrating the story for the audio book. Her accents fit the characters extremely well making great characters even more lovable. Notably Taliesin as a child and Charis, masterfully handled.
After a while I started looking for anyone to give this breakfast to. Just when I was about to go into the theater I saw something on the bench across the street. I crossed to find an old man sleeping on the bench. I tip-toed up placing the coffee and bagel next to him... And trying my best to not wake him.
I think the theme of awareness is an extremely important one. However, I also believe that there are times in which, in order to best cope with your infertility, you may benefit from a little judicious, purposeful ignoring. I have come to the conclusion that there are certain interpersonal problems and experiences that are better left neglected. Intervention only makes them worse, and only makes us more miserable than necessary. As Ruth Bader Ginsberg wisely said during her speech at my graduation ceremony, "Sometimes, it pays to be a little deaf."
Thanks for popping in today...have an awesome one!
We sat together in silence for a moment as Nate processed the information I had just spilled on him like a cup of scalding coffee. He handed me a cool Poland Spring from his backpack and I took a sip, then pressed the bottle to my forehead.
This book was an important landmark on my journey as an artist and has certainly contributed to the artist I am today. A big thanks goes to Lynne Perrella for doing putting it all together into book form.
None of the North American media are reporting this genocide. Neither are the European media. The left must obviously believe these people deserve what they get for being white. They forget that many of the people who are the targets of this violence are the white poor, less affluent and less educated even under the pre 1994 governments. For them life has become far worse than anyone would have believed. Today over 70 White peoples tent communities have arisen around South African cities: Johannesburg, Pretoria, Cape Town and others. Most of these people are unemployed losing their jobs through reverse discrimination to provide for black South Africans. They lack electricity, sewage and of course security. They have become the target of black crime that the government refuses to acknowledge.
Jan 23
I’m going to take some time to look at the little word ‘if’ and some of the if statements in the Bible. I think as I bring them up, you will find yourself realizing how many times we have ignored this little guy, yet should pay all the attention in the world. It could mean the difference of life and death, right and wrong, receiving and not.
1/4 c. milk
I'm a scrounger who relies on benefits.
So next time you get a craving for brownies..try this ; )
I realize this is a complicated issue that is very difficult to resolve. I am trying to inspire people, governments, diplomats, consultants, NGOs, Non Profits and organizations to ask themselves what they can do to help reduce genocide in Darfur (and where ever else it is occurring).
through my organs. I manage the offenders,
Expect us.
He has no mandate to speak on behalf of anyone but the usual imperialist forces in the European Union and north America who cannot get over the fact that the world no longer dances to their tune.
Happy Easter everyone!!
1 tbsp lemon juice (or vinegar) and 1/8 tsp black pepper
I went through many different stages of experimenting and discovering the features on WordPress, and slowly getting comfortable with them.
BEST PAPERBACK ORIGINAL
I used several Cheery Lynn dies here: Two of Hearts, French Lattice (small), Cuties 2, and Fanciful Flourish. The saying is an Impression Obsession stamp and I made "pearls" with the Bronze, Viva Decor Pearl Pen.
Stay tuned for more after her Party on Saturday! I’m just not sure if i’m looking forward to 20-30 little 7 and 8 year olds hanging out at my house swimming and sliding down the water slide we rented! I might need a drink or two after! LOL!
The Truth:
threw on a pair of jeans and a top, and . . . . . .
Robe (70%) – Mount Benson (30%)
There are a lot of subway restaurants. To foster growth, Doctor’s Associates was willing to accept a lower franchise fee than other major franchisors, and they were willing to put franchisees closer to each other than might seem wise. This was intentional, they had a goal of having more subway than there are mcdonalds and they achieved that goal. But this is not an abstract,”hey did you know” point. The hack jokes people told about Starbucks are accurate descriptions of subway and this has consequences. If you’re so hung up on being the biggest, being the best is an afterthought.
03 Back To Memphis
We fail the ones we love.
Avenue Rumine 37
Help me! With this here poll? Anyone? Crickets?
As far as the governess bride series goes Lost in your Arms is a fast paced book which will have you keep reading as adventure, amnesia, love, and spies will fill the pages.
I can’t even begin to tell you how tender it was. It almost fell apart just looking at it. The sauce and brown sugar were the perfect mixture and complemented each other very well. I definitely chose an easy recipe going into this, but there wasn’t a darn thing wrong with it. It had the flavor we love and it was so incredibly tender. I *might* try and make my own sauce from scratch next time. Maybe. This might be hard to top for easy and delicious.
Now, on to my project! There have been lots of baby stuff for me this year --which is great and I love it! I used Doodle Pantry's Quirky Kangaroo digi from the August 5th Release. I created Mama Kanga and Baby Roo by resizing the image. I printed the images on two different printed papers and then paper-pieced them. Their eyes and nose were colored with Glaze pens and covered with Glossy Accents.
Attack: Bite 1-2 pts, claws 1-3 pts
To begin, let me explain what exactly Bonded is. It is a collection that will be published November 1, 2012, and contains three fairy-tale themed novellas. The first novella in the collection is CINDERS, a novella with a past, so to speak. CINDERS started out self-published, but was later picked up by my publisher, Rhemalda Publishing, along with the other two unfinished (at that time) novellas. Bonded contains three standalone novellas that are also connected. I suppose you could call them companion stories “bonded” by certain themes and characters. The three novellas are Cinders (inspired by “Cinderella”), THIRDS (inspired by “One-Eye, Two-Eyes, Three-Eyes”), and SCALES (inspired by “Sleeping Beauty).
you cannot hold me down
They'll be a May snowfall.
I MESSED IT UP!
By the way, a few of my guests were girls (who happened to have brothers, so they are used to this sort of thing, I'm sure), and I had some pink Hexbugs to give away, but they enjoyed them just as much, I think!
LITTLE DOG LOST is charming and sweet tale, the simple text and expressive drawings richly evoking the heartwarming drama.
Government of Newfoundland & Labrador (GNL)
It was a sign of wealth if a man could "bring home the bacon."
No matter the thoughts of those who do not live here, it is believed that Heaven is visible from Loathsome Creek. Compared to most of the country, the skies are crisp and clear, lacking vast amounts of pollution. The best mind altering drug is inhaling the magical country air, which envelopes the mountains in a constant breeze. It is never stale or stagnant. During Spring, the brilliant skies are abundant with seasonal birds, which is a marvelous sight to see. However, the bird calls can be deafening. Blue Jays, Cardinals, Ravens, Eagles, Chicken Hawks, Sparrows and Humming birds are all masters of the skies on Loathsome Creek.
Full Metal Jacket
This is quite interesting because Brien doesn’t have 230 authors. According to his Amazon reports, he has approximately 150 authors who have published with him. And the funny thing is I have over 80 reports from authors who have been scammed by him who came to me for help, so somehow, these numbers just don’t add up.
So the strain typing is the high tech bit, but the simply all getting together in a room, not with just the directors if each service, but the foot soldiers, allowed the tacit knowledge from the front line to inform those with a high level overview ( an epidemiologist and public health doctor attend the cohort review) and create strategies for investigation in real time. (an example was a cluster of 17 cases presenting to a large number of services, but with common geographical and epidemiological data, highlighting a very specific area of high transmission – a charity mission as it happened)
a. Extend Dey and Cortlandt Streets From Church to Greenwich Streets
The Polywell transformed the US (and the world) from a fossil fuel-based economy to an all-electric one, although this took place over two painful decades. The BP’s funding for the Polywell followed the famous exchange between Dr. Green (CEO of EMC2 Fusion Development Corp) and Admiral Moebius (source):
I came late to the American muffin. It was too close to the cupcake for comfort, architecturally at least. And the last shop-bought muffin I tried was like eating my own washcloth; a claggy wodge of nothing. There was also a disconcerting bounce to it, no doubt the result of all the preservatives required to keep it ‘fresh’.
He wasn't supposed to think.
There is no doubt that Bad Teacher will make you laugh a couple of times, but in a genre that has seen the likes of Kevin Smith and Judd Apatow, this film is underwhelming. The dick jokes are good for a chuckle, but the surprisingly shallow story keeps Bad Teacher from being memorable. In a summer chock full of big action movies that are worth the trip to the theatre, skipping Bad Teacher is the smartest option for now as it isn’t worth anything more than a rental when it’s eventually released on DVD and Blu-ray.
It’s hard to think of 7 things that might be new information to everyone. I feel like I’ve put a lot out there the past few months! I’ll give it a shot, though…
1) "Dogg". Anyone who says this in my presence deserves a wedgie accompanied by an uppercut to the balls and/or vag. Yes, I said uppercut. I'm short, never underestimate an irritated dwarflike kickboxer with a penchant for words. Officially, no normal person should have said any name abbreviation followed by the word "dogg" (ex J-dogg) since 1998. It's like wearing white after labor day, except you sound like an idiot.
A Reading Rainbow!
I want out-Keeper of the seven keys Pt.II
2. Moo, by Matthew Van Fleet
May I also express my gratitude to you fathers and husbands assembled this evening. We look to you to give righteous leadership in your home and families and, with your companions and the mothers of your children, to lead your families back to our Eternal Father.
My next action was I sat down and wrote her an email addressing everything point by point. Her lies to me from the very beginning. Her non-responsiveness, the shit that still remains un-repaired. The fact that she doesn't have to tell me anything is right, but I don't have to cooperate either. Then I decided this would be a huge waste of time, clearly she sees she has done no wrong.
Canapes:
If you are looking for a historical romance where different cultures clash, nonstop action and lots of twists and turns, then you’ll want to read WALKS ALONE. You won’t be able to put it down. Great book. $14.99.
Now, if they want to have the question field tested, put it on a practice test and send it to a select sample. We often do practice tests under real testing conditions so the kids can get used to it when the real one rolls around. It also helps with the anxiety kids feel towards testing. Personally, I don’t think we should be testing kids the way we do nowadays. Tougher standards and academic rigor are great, but why should we rely on one method of measurement, when all research indicates that a variety of data measurement methods are the best to determine a child’s academic progress?
Egg:1,medium
Please note that these dies will be removed from the packaging unless you specifically state not to-the packaging is way to big and bulky and adds a lot on to the shipping costs.
The rich themes of loss, erasure and exhumation are vividly carried in the images of the child burying himself in the wood, the drowned city and the flooding river - and in the academic and not-so-academic obsessions of the characters: the snow-burial of Scott's doomed Antarctic expedition, Athos's interest in fossils and geology, Ben's study of weather and the practice of biography. This and the lyrical prose (Anne Michaels' previous reputation was as a poet) were what entranced me the first time round.
Although a major sell-off can sometimes mean an executive is leaving a company, that might not be the case with Forstall. As Fortune, which was first to report on the news, points out, Forstall still has 100,000 restricted stock units granted in 2010 that should be fully vested in 2014. Last year, Apple handed over 150,000 restricted stock units, with half of them vesting in 2013 and the other half in 2016. In other words, if Forstall is looking for a cash windfall, sticking with Apple might be a good idea.
One young horse was seized by RSPCA officers. The yearling cob, lame on his left hind leg, is black with a white blaze and two white socks on his hind legs. The RSPCA is eager to speak to anyone who knows who owns the horse.
I didn't dry out the pork too much as I wanted it to be a semi-gravy-like consistency for the poori's
Harriet Harman elected as Deputy Leader of Labour.
“Ah! The penguins are on the beach!”
"Isn't this waste of time supposed to be about team building." Ethan says wearily.
Oh, and I don't know her (or his?) real name, but I gave my little niece a toy for Christmas and she calls it Cookie, so I just borrowed that name. I know she won't mind.
They patiently wait for Gram Mijo to arrive, after calling her...she told them she would come right over to help assemble cottonwood cotton balls "tetones" (as she called them when she was a little girl) into necklaces!
Due to me being impatient and having nothing to show you visually, here’s a picture google prepared earlier, just so you get the gist…
Whew!!! These last couple of months have been absolutely crazy for the Macklicious One! I have to admit that updating this blog hasn't been at the top of my priority list, but I'm trying to get back in the swing of things. So much has happened in our fair city, since we last spoke. Rather than trying to catch you up -- because if I know you as well as I think I do, you already know the deal -- I'll just take you from where we are today.
Looking back, we laugh at how silly we were to even bother going. Things are vastly different now. We are tightwads and also parents. IF we go to the Cheesecake Factory, it's because we have a gift card (Number 1) and then we share a main course so we can splurge on cheesecake. We'd never pay money to listen to Top 40 hits while hanging out with friends in formal wear (proof: we skipped out on Dill's 10-year reunion last year). And actually, when we ARE lucky enough to have a night to ourselves, we usually put on our unsightly "comfies" (my word for pajamas), crash on the bed and watch Netflix while munching on popcorn. We're klassy like that.
I have a problem connecting feeling to knowledge. I objectively know why I shouldn’t hate myself, but I feel like I should hate myself. I can’t make it stop. I tell my therapist this, and she glibly replies that she’s already given me the key to that. I simply have to make a decision to believe that I’m valuable, and then I will.
- I can't believe I'm only a few days away from meeting our class of 6th graders. I'm excited and nervous at the same time! I hope they like me. I hope I do a good job. I hope it all starts to come naturally, because sometimes I feel like I'm going to be totally lost once there are kids in those 26 desks! It's going to be so weird to start answering to Mrs. Sorensen.
2005 Clan Royal (CO 22nd); 2006 Clan Royal (3rd); 2007 L’Ami (10th); 2008 Butler’s Cabin (Fell 22nd); 2009 Butler’s Cabin (7th): 2010 DON’T PUSH IT (WON);
Michael Pollan wrote about Polyface Farm in The Omnivore’s Dilemma like it was something great, but that farm is horrible. It’s a joke. Joel Salatin is doing industrial birds. Call him up and ask them. So he puts them on pasture. It makes no difference. (113)
I drove back to my apartment and quickly changed into work clothes. I had told my boss I would be in by 10:00 and now had an hour and 15 minutes to accomplish this. I will spare you the details again, only to say – and this is important – that it was too late for me to take the free shuttle from my apartment to the Metro station, and the parking lot at the station would be full at this hour of the day. I got back in my car, plugged in the address for another Metro station with ample parking, and sped out of our parking garage.
This is currently under construction is the most common types of home locks. Design standards from the people, the plan may make changes to make it work better for your lifestyle. Maybe in a window or floor plan, or it is necessary to Log Home Kits increase the size of the room where you will be back. These changes are not difficult or expensive. In some cases, the feature is to create a completely unique design that has been listed as one of the other.
Now I am someone, and I am sure there are many like me, who really doesn’t watch TV. I’m not saying that I don’t like the TV but i am not someone who is glued to it. If there is a show I like, I will remember the timing and make myself free for that one hour or that half hour and watch it. And now considering the torrenting and the downloading, one really doesn’t need the TV but let’s face it.
Stamps: My Pink Stamper (Everyday Sentiments, Sweetest Cupcakes)
Without power we cannot produce. Ultimately, without power the country itself is at risk. If there were a world-wide conflict and we had to mobilize, a la World War Two, we’d be crippled. I cannot shake the conviction that this is part and parcel of MaoBama’s war on energy. By both training and inclination, I’m in the habit of examining issues from every angle. No matter how I turn Obama’s energy policies, they don’t add up to anything other than the repudiation of all things American in favor of his Marxist/Leninist Utopian pipe dream.
Which brings me to the reason and importance of being more self sufficient.
Long story short, he has had fluid build-up behind his ear drums for 2-3 months now. From what the audiologist is telling us, it's causing his hearing to be worse than what we believe it to be without the fluid. If they can drain the fluid and put in tubes in the eardrums, it will allow the fluid not build up, hopefully restoring his hearing to the mild-moderate loss, instead of moderate-severe, which he is currently testing.
GARLIC HORSERADISH: Another easy dip with killer flavor can be made by adding White garlic cloves by Jon Sullivan">some granulated garlic and horseradish to yogurt. Or use wasabi if you’re in a more exotic, Oriental mood. Believe me, this dip is not a good thing to have if you want to limit yourself to just one or two chips.
Angela is giving one lucky winner a beautiful embellishment pack as the prize...these are lovely. you can check them out here and see what other goodies Angela has on offer, there's a fabby sale!!
Remember my curtains? The ones that were wrong in every way possible? Well, much to my surprise, even though they were almost immediately ripped from the ceiling and returned to the factory, my decorator actually expects me to pay for them.
Christmas Spirits, both ancient and present I plead with you this dark night lit only by the moon.”
Ha! A good 5 inches were taken off the back! I'm so sad because her curls are gone and apparently Clay did this yesterday and threw the hair in the garbage which has since been dumped. I can't even put the little curls in an envelope to save so I can look at them one day and say, "Hmmm, here's some hair. I wonder why I saved it. I wonder which kid this was from."
This project was so much fun and easy to make. There are no rights or wrongs. Just whip up some pictures, scissors, a blank canvas, some paint & brushes, glue gun & tape, your favorite embellishments and your set!
With that kind of build up, I know that you are bouncing off of the walls for me to get started. .anticipation is everything. .so let's get started.
Here are the stats from this morning. The line showing the route is kind of odd because I didn’t turn on my Garmin until we were up on the mountain looking for the trail so it looks like we started in the middle and then wound our way out. It would have actually started where it ended. Group Run-Stone Mountain-5.75 Miles by eyerh66 at Garmin Connect – Details.
reflections in the music styles.
If you are in Brazil and have the opportunity to grab one of these at a feira, I highly recommend you do.
The Christmas Hope ... Lifetime ... 2 PM
I think I might even be able to get my teenager interested in some of those.
There you go. Another update. Which you may or may not have enjoyed reading. I sort of enjoyed writing it. Make sure you click all the buttons on the right, the Twitter button (which I’m always on, so you can never feel lost), the Facebook button, and the email button. Awesome. Thanks for reading.
I met Starlet through blogging. She’s a fashion blogger living in the Bay Area in California. She has a cute blog called “Can you come home“. We actually took an online blogging class Blogging Your Way taught by the decor8 founder, Holly Becker, and A Creative Mint founder, Leslie Shewring. By the way, if you are looking for a course to learn about blogging, I highly recommend this class. We didn’t find each other till later through other source though.
Go for the straight leg cut, as to enjoy with a smart shirt and blazer for summer socials and dress down with a quality cotton t-shirt in solid colours for Miami Beach.
Rattus: Sniff, sniff. I don't know what to say. I'm deeply touched. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, For his unexpected poem of tribute to our friendship, I concede victory to my oldest and dearest friend, Tea Rat.
Favorite Website- miniclip.com
JS - I know Jim wants to dive in here and ask you something but tell me this. Explain to people who still are not entirely au fait with this, what’s the difference between Rangers emerging from a CVA and Rangers transferring all of their assets to a new club and emerging as a newco?
Goose: That's a tall glass of water.
Min:
Richie: They're not my kind. They're in business with you, Frank. They ain't my kind. They ain't my kind, like the Italians are not yours, alright?
Let me be clear that I'm not about to defend - even in jest - this kind of aphorism. To do so thesedays requires sixty-five pages of exceptions, eight declarations about domestic stereotypes and a dozen portion size disclaimers. What I will say is that any woman who presents me with a hot plate of beautifully roasted chicken, fresh green vegetables and a small serving of garlic mashed potato might find herself the object of my (relationship-appropriate) affection.
When they published PKD's letters, they suppressed the ones where he told the FBI that people he didn't like were Soviet spies.
Fold the sides round and tack (baste).
Finally, a quick tip on the green onions. I used my mother's trick with these and it worked perfectly for this recipe, since the onions aren't intended to be eaten, just to add flavor. It saved some time and clean up afterward. Take the length of white part, place the tip of your knife almost at the very end of the onion farthest away from you, and slice it lengthwise down the middle all the way through. It should still be held together at the very tip. Turn it 90° and perform the same action. The length of onion should now be opened up like a flower. Toss the whole thing in the pot and repeat with the others. When done cooking, fish them out easily.
All the signs are however that Chindamo is that rare thing - a truly reformed character. Giving a convicted killer the benefit of the doubt is always going to be difficult, even when Frances Lawrence has herself apparently now forgiven him and magnanimously hopes for the best. Chindamo has to live up to what is expected of him, but to do that others have to take him into their confidence as well. The Sun, the rest of the media, and the public should now give him the opportunity and the space to do just that.
I would quite like a job where the closest thing you get to 'office-wear' is a set of py-jams. Balanced, of course, by the occasional need to get glammed up for an RNA party.
7" x 5" - Oil on artboard
This was our absolute favorite new recipe of the week! It was super easy and SOOO good!! Buying the sesame oil that is called for in the recipe has changed my life and I wish I could use it in everything! I served the meatballs with brown rice and sugar snap peas sauteed in sesame oil and lime juice...YUMMY!
Britten has stumbled upon the latest victim of the Gemini Killer, a serial killer who drains his victims of their blood, then carves a Roman numeral II in their chest, and always kills two paired victims. For the last twelve years, the Gemini killer has killed two victims every year in a different city. The dead man Britten found is his first in Los Angeles. The problem: the Gemini Killer is dead. So either the Gemini Killer has risen from the dead, or there's a copycat Gemini Killer out there. Either way, within 48 hours another victim will be killed in another park.
Today I started to do my shopping for Passover and the Feast of Unleavened Bread, this is the fourth year that Eke and I will be celebrating these feast days and as the time has gone by we have learnt a lot about what it means to us and what it means to fellow Believers. There will be many Christians and Messianics joining their Jewish brethren in this celebration, for some Christians this may seem strange but really it’s not because Jesus (Yeshua) is our Passover Lamb, saving us from death and leading us into the promised land. There are some great teachings on Passover from a Messianic Perspective, this is the one we read from last year - Passover for Christians.
Conclusion: There might be things that are needed to be healed and deal in your life as you grow up, and your believe systems might also need to be changed a bit. God can do the job for you cause He loves you so. Our work as Sons/ Daughters is to move in Forgiveness Eph 6:2-3. – We will begin to receive His Love.
Sorry, folks, if you've come by and the photos are M.I.A. Sometimes blogger is fun like that. I have no idea what's up . . . Hopefully I can return to my regularly scheduled programming next week.
And that was essentially that.
Wicked Edge by Nina Bangs – winner is: glittergirl2 ( I laughed when I counted the comments saw yours and had to go back to see which book you were getting and it matched up with- it worked out!)
The bus goes.
Anyways, after loving our love seat from Star Furniture, we went back there for our couch and found a great couch for a great deal! It was on sale and then an extra 10% off the weekend we bought it! LOVE finding a steal of a deal- it makes me feel better about buying major purchases!
Wears: Glam casual
Will their bulbous eyes be peeled
Later I came across another book that I believe all people should be encouraged to read: A Short History of Nearly Everything by Bill Bryson. You can’t see the statistics, the vast complexity of life and NOT believe in something greater than yourself. Lastly I challenge anyone to study the array of religions humans have devised and tell me that at their core the majority of them are not basically carrying the same message.
The weather for Sunday’s marathon could not have been better. At the start, the weather was in the high 40s with some light cloud cover and the sun starting to break through. I ran with a 3:30 pace group and because we were clustered at the start and also because there were some hills on the course, my pace leader set a blistering pace for the first few miles, running well under 8 min/mile pace. I was concerned at first but I was keeping contact so I wasn’t panicking.
Just one more. It doesn't really seem like we're asking for too much, does it? But the problem with asking to receive "just one more" is that in order to receive it, someone else often has to give it. To get one more kiss, your lover must be there to give it to you. To get just one more dance with your Father, your Father has to be there to dance with you. And to get just one more chance to to stare down the pitcher, the pitcher has to have the ball and the other players need to let you in the batter's box. Sometimes that works, and sometimes it doesn't. We simply cannot control whether or not we get "just one more" anything.
Locate menorah stickers or cut out a piece of paper in the shape of two menorahs (one for each earring) and glue the menorah cut-outs to the bottle caps. We decided to create contrasting yellow menorahs, but you can use any color.
I feel about this book sort of the way Hazel feels about Augustus.
Seems obvious, doesn't it? Yet this is something authors frequently miss, throwing character mismatches together and forcing a relationship at odds with their personalities. Which isn't to say you can't have different and diverse people interacting together - far from it. Relationships in real life often flourish between people who vast differencest, but rarely 100% different. And friendly relationships are hardly the only kind you can put in your novel.
Have you ever noticed how red cabbage (which is actually purple) looks like a brain when it’s cut? Maybe the zombies are winning after all. I had another dead soldier, .5 cup of couscous and for those who don’t know, it’s wheat. I didn’t rub it into separate bits like you’re supposed to. I just cooked it up. On top of that went the end-of-the-world medley; pickled artichoke hearts, sundried tomatoes in oil, garlic, tuna, red cabbage, flake yeast and some herbs and hot sauces. Oh and sunflower seeds. One of my challenges this week has been how to make something that I can actually take for lunch. This will do for Thursday.
to compete-
In the role of the Avox, I say nothing; I don’t have to. My son begins to speak, and does not stop . . ..
SO. I did what any respectable possibly dying person would do, and Googled it.
I swear, I asked for another bowl for dessert. Not kidding. :-)
Depending on the sort of story you're writing, this isn't necessarily a problem. In a dorky sci-fi story like this one, that obviously isn't taking itself too seriously, readers typically aren't going to take the scientific explanations too seriously, either. If your story is magical or implausible, your readers probably won't be looking for a reasonable explanation for things. J.K. Rowling didn't have to explain the physics that allow broomsticks to fly; Stephenie Meyer didn't need to go into detail about exactly how many of Edward's internal organs still functioned normally. This little tidbit is probably most important for historical fiction and science-based novels like those by Michael Crichton - the history and science need to be believeable.
This is your life in the welfare state:
CISPA will kill all privacy on the net. Unlike SOPA and PIPA which aimed to “stop piracy”.
My RE told me to stop taking my estrogen and progesterone, cold turkey, at 9 weeks. I never did. Come to find out, my satellite RE and OB want me to stay on everything until 11 weeks and then wean myself over the course of a week. I should be off everything by 12 weeks when the placentas are producing enough on their own. It is normal practice to stay on the meds longer if you have SCH. Awesome, RE. Awesome. I wonder what would have happened if I would have quit cold turkey last week? Be your own advocate people. So, cheers to another 2 weeks of PIO in the ass cheeks.
02 Daily Records
touch of crayon
Seven-member girl group A PINK are preparing to release a new album soon, according to their agency A CUBE Entertainment.
Well, with Great Things, there are also Not-So-Great-Things too. I went to take my 3-hour fasting glucose test on Friday. It was nice because I got to take the whole day off, but it didn't really feel like a day off. Mom made me a steak the night before--thanks for that it was awesome! and I started fasting at midnight. I could still have water, thank you Jesus! At the doc by 8 and the tested my initial blood sugar level. Then I had that awful drink! This time it was Fruit Punch, which if I had to choose between that and the Orange one, I liked the Fruit Punch one better. Then the boring set it. They make you sit there for 3 hours and each hour they draw more blood to test. It was so boring! I did get some thank you cards done, read several magazines, tried to move around a lot, mom went to 'feed the birds' a few times and finally I was finished, starving, and starting to feel really really weird.
The biggest change since I've started these spreadsheets is my attitude. Because I see it as a work in progress instead of a constant struggle to make ends meet, I don't berate myself for going over in a certain area. The red numbers are simply a good starting point to figure out where I can make changes.
Today we are going to take a look at popular eReader reviews. Which eReader is the absolute best according to recent reviews? Let’s take a look…
Désirée, the daughter of a silk merchant, and Napoleon first meet when he is a poor soldier and she is fourteen; they become betrothed soon after but abide her mother’s wishes to wait to marry until she is sixteen. Unfortunately, the wait becomes too much as the ambitious Napoleon instead becomes engaged to a richer and more notable lady, whom we know as Empress Josephine. The young Désirée is shocked at the betrayal and we become sympathetic to her plight of lost first love, but we are hopeful for Désirée’s future as her life moves on.
searching the internet for one.
The first few jogging sessions went ok I think. About half way, I paused the program for a couple minutes and kept walking. I checked my heart rate, and it was showing 188 bpm.
We recently began a series of Glamorous Reviews
I found that 4 hole buttons were hard to find.
The last of my Christmas cards - safely delivered this morning. I used the same sparkly Winter Wonderland Embossing Powder that I did here but this time I lost count of how many photos I took in attempting to show its sparkle. The turkey is defrosting but I have presents to wrap & a major catching up of blogland.
2) in an obscure provincial law court,
First of all, I need to say that in reality I am not much of an ice cream person. I don’t like really cold foods (I have sensitive little teeth, don’tcha know) and typically when I’m craving something sweet, it’s more along the lines of flourless chocolate cake with raspberry coulis and homemade whipped cream. Lest you think I have a flourless chocolate cake in my kitchen 24/7, usually I have to be satisfied by a glass of chocolate milk or some chocolate chips straight out of the bag.
A good place to start would be the denunciation of some of the more outlandish ideas I have presented in other forms of media. For instance, I was never abducted by aliens (that I can remember) and I am not from some alternate dimension (that I know of). The downside of this is that quite a few stranger than fiction moments have absolutely occurred in my life and I would hate for people to feel as though I’m manufacturing anything.
Following the words of Christ and St. Paul in the Scriptures, the Holy Fathers use a juridical or legal model to explain how Christ broke down the barrier of sin separating man from God.
Still, I miss having company, and that cat, who I've named Worf (cos he's a clingy little cunt – a little Klingon), has some unidentifiable learning difficulty and as a result is no fun at all. He is robotic in his movements and completely unresponsive to stimuli. I even caught a little mouse in a trap out the back and tied him to a piece of fishing line, dangling it in front of Worf, but he didn't even display a disinterested contempt, just a...nothingness. Definitely a retarded feline...
Body which once under his touch had gleamed
Finally I have stalked a stag on a Sottish mountain. It was a great privilege to do so as we were invited to a stalking lodge by some great friends. As a bloke getting to stalk a stag in the Scottish Highlands is a pretty incredible opportunity. My guide spotted my stag after we had walked some distance. We spent the best part of half a day, scrambling quietly up into the mist covered ‘Munro’ to get to within shooting distance of him. I crept up over a rock to see him about 150 metres away, minding his own business surrounded by a handful of his girls.
* The title page of submissions should state the category and title of the story. All biographical information should be sent in the body of the submission email.
And my spirit is crying for leaving.
I loved seeing the world from Violet’s perspective, even though it shocked me sometimes because she did things I didn’t expect (or wouldn’t do myself). This was a great study in character for me. I liked the uniqueness of Violet’s character and how she’s dealing with so many of the issues that face readers of middle grade books, such as starting to like boys, a family break up, dealing with the “mean girl” at school, figuring out how to get along with a step-mom, helping out with a little sister.
My sleeping bag also turned out to be a bit inadequate for this task. Rita’s female bag was much better and warmer. It actually rated to 20F (-6C), so it should be fine. The temperature didn’t go down below zero. But still. Maybe it is just too big. Rita’s bag is tight for me. Mine is rather loose with a lot of space inside to heat up.
2. When meat is tender, boil it in a small amount of water and mix in the marinade. Pretty much, braising. Simmer it until the sauce is almost all dry.
Mondays 7 pm – 8 pm
One friend who didn’t get too lucky was an old college friend and ex-boyfriend who arrived home after a week in Chicago to find thousands of dollars’ worth of musical instruments, studio equipment and gear swimming in his basement. He was prepared for it, as his neighbor had been able to reach him by phone and warn him, and luckily the water damage was limited to the basement only – by about a half inch below the upstairs door. It was a too-close call for the rest of the house, but things could have certainly turned out much worse.
Despite the inconvenience caused to commuters, the latest disruption is considered minor and therefore ‘unavoidable’ as according to Transport Minister Lui Tuck Yew who said in Parliament earlier:
Smile – it increases your face value. ~Author Unknown
---Danielle :)
I also like:
Now on to this week, of course we couldn't let October go by without celebrating the strength and courage of Breast Cancer Awareness month. The DT would like you to show us that:
~Ruth
"Why did you fail my kid?" "Well, he didn't show up for half his classes or complete two-thirds of his assignments." "Do you know how much we're paying you and this university?" "Do you know if you had spent that money on a new car verses your lazy kid, you'd still have something to show after the last year?" Oh, wait... I shouldn't say that... I'm a Christian... well, those cows were out of the barnyard before the gate was closed and Christian doesn't equal doormat. People have forgotten, they're not paying for an education... their paying for an opportunity to get an education.
A controversial fourth and final Spanish GP to be held at Montjuich Park in Barcelona. Emerson Fittipaldi refuses to race due to safety concerns, while his McLaren team-mate Jochen Mass scores his first – and what would turn out to be only – F1 victory.
I’ve removed my Flickr feed from my sidebar (because, let’s be honest, you weren’t looking at it anyway) and put up the Tag Cloud widget instead. It’s about what you’d expect– 23 Things and Archives are the big 2, with Social Media coming in 3rd and Facebook a distant 4th. Everything else is tiny, which suggests to me that I haven’t been tagging my posts effectively enough (yet another reason the tag cloud is useful– as guilt!). But you get the general idea– you can quickly look at the cloud and see what most of my posts are about. So, it’s not that Tag Clouds are USELESS… far from it… but a discussion of Folksonomy would be MORE useful from an access/outreach point of view. Disappointing to see it and not see what RAO had to say.
The relativity of truth implies that reason can only take us so far.
Today has a creative influence for those with keen perceptions.
Blair denied any conflict of interest.
"This album is drawn from a pre-dawn session in a stone silo at Mount Saint Francis, a Franciscan friary just north of the Kentucky-Indiana State Line."
What was God telling Abraham, concerning “and in thee all the families of the earth shall be blessed” ?
One could only wonder why Jacob had rarely bothered to defend himself against his family’s scorn. Did he share Thunder Heart Woman’s talent for imperviously ignoring the scorn and prejudices of others? I rather doubt it. Whereas Thunder Heart Woman had seemed unconcerned by others, Jacob’s face tends to express his pain or embarrassment caused by his family’s attitudes. I suspect that deep down, Jacob longed for not only his family’s respect, but their acceptance of his true self. But unlike many people, he was not willing to change his nature for the Wheelers or anyone else’s acceptance.
19.Keep your hands from behind your head. Sitting back with your hands clasped behind your head is another position that communicates arrogance or superiority.
Again Olivia did as told. As the officer turned off the light and put it back in her pocket, Olivia breathed a sigh of relief. The officer walked over to a small cart and came back with a one-piece orange jump suit.
I think this would be the opportunity of a lifetime.
There are days when I’d like to be a Garfield, sitting around and waiting for my next meal. I get tired of all the stuff that has to be done over and over again.
CHICAGO’S PROUD OF YOU
just a lot of stuff with things and
I have another card to share with you, it used the image, Tilda with Raining Hearts. I just love this image, who wouldn't want "Love", raining on them? I used the idea of what I would call the Kindergarten theme. I used plain paper, then added the large heart doily. Just the way we use to in Kindergarten. When I think of Valentines Day, I always think of those fun days in Elementary School. I got to revisit them with my son when he was little, and really loved sharing that joy with him. Here's a pic.
Well, I'm two days into my "Around the House in 40 Days" challenge, and I've got the first project done! Woo hoo!!! I decided to start with the office and craft stuff because when those are in order, everything else seems soooo much smoother. And also, because I have a feeling I'm going to be needing quick access to many of those thing through out the next 40 days. Because I took so many pictures, I'll keep my commentary to the bare minimum.
-Discounted admission
I know. Really depressing thoughts. :(
Went to this touristy thing with cable cars and such..where the Three Sisters are. I'm really not a person to go off and take pictures of rocks and trees so it bored me alot..but those sons of the family friends wanted to D:
That being said, I can’t help but wonder if corporations’ alignments with charitable causes will be truly authentic, or if these alignments will be merely “marketing ploys” to manipulate clients or consumers. There appears to be plenty of research indicating initiatives like “Breast Cancer Awareness Month” actually turns consumers off because it’s become a cause that virtually every company in the consumer products industry seems to claim to support during October. In October, we see pink products added to retailers’ repertoire of merchandise, whether the cause is relevant to their brand or not.
It only looks like the same problem I've always had.
Then, when I consider what I think are my struggles and challenges in life, they pale in comparison. It makes you feel grateful for the minor inconveniences that are a part of your life. Perspective!
My new rose is Belle Époque. Fragrant. Not a refined gold. Nor gaudily gilded. Burnished baroque bronze. Like Double Delight the buds are dark, and the flowers open pale. Each petal leading a double life. When we sit at Paradise and Roses there will be velvety red Duftwolke to our left, and Summer Gold Belle Époque to our right.
“And the witnesses laid down their clothes at a young man’s feet, whose name was Saul.”
To run across the road and fields instead.
They’ll let a few people in at a time so that it won’t be too crowded and also, the ones who are inside won’t have to fight it off over any last stock item.
That level of fear may be shocking – but the high tidemark of mistrust isn’t far behind. Of those men, 67 per cent said they themselves would be concerned about the intent of another man who approached a distressed child.
Pets Help to Fight Depression Pets help fight depression and loneliness, promoting an interest in life. When seniors face adversity or trauma, affection from pets takes on great meaning. Their bonding behavior can foster a sense of security. (Between Pets and People: The Importance of Animal Companionship)
Figures published earlier this month show that a majority of “lesser” crimes – which include burglary and car theft, and which cause acute distress to their victims – are never investigated, because forces think it so unlikely they will catch the perpetrators.
A Brief History of Time
Pay no attention to the Lord Jesus being welcomed by folks in 18th century dress.
Rating: 5/5 stars
Third, I cannot stop eating this salad: mixed baby "spring" greens, cubed grilled chicken, walnuts, dried cranberries and a tiny sprinkling of bleu cheese. With this dressing: dijon mustard, honey, apple cider vinegar and olive oil. I CRAVE this salad. I, like, go to bed at night all excited at the thought of eating this salad for lunch the next day. If I weren't making it myself from scratch, I'd swear there was crack in it. So weird.
Fight-wise, it's Iron Man, The Vision, The Beast and The Wasp vs. The Hulk, with Scarlet Witch, Captain America, Hawkeye and Jarvis making appearances around the mansion. As with the first issue, it's another fine throwback issue to a particular era, although with Fiumara's more highly idiosyncratic art—cartoony head shapes, long limbs and necks, expressive, slightly pinched faces—it doesn't visually reference its era of inspiration, and does a good job of looking very different than all the other comics on the shelf with the word "Avengers" in the title.
The only Indian reservation in Texas is in the Big Thicket, the Alabama-Coushatta Reservation. They were forced to live there. They actually came from Alabama. They were driven out by the British centuries ago, came to Louisiana. At one time they were kind of in league with the French, then they moved further west.
Specific business, new product development and marketing strategies.
Happy birthday, dear Monica!
Watching the academy awards (who do you think will win?)
Neck 14" (no change)
Let’s start with the ball pens. I am very particular with ball pens. I don’t like gel pens or like sign pens (although I use sign pens for “special occasions” usually for poetry or for notebooks with thick nice paper, which are usually cheap ass imitations of moleskin notebooks. As long as they have no lines, and the paper is smooth and thick, in my mind that’s like moleskin even if it’s really not). I like pens that have a smooth feel. I don’t like pens that feel like they are scratching the paper. I like pens that glide smoothly across the page. I do not like G-tech pens. I have a list of favorite pens that I used to buy in the Philippines. They are: star pentel, faster, faber castel, and pilot. There’s one more ball pen that I like, but I forgot what it’s called. It’s like cheap. My favorite is star pentel, but I also like to use pilot ball pens when there’s a ‘special occasion.’ What’s a ‘special occasion’? I don’t really have a set of rules. I just have a feeling that I want this writing session to be special.
If a company promises that they can remove all negative marks from a credit report, they are lying. Negative entries that are otherwise accurate will stay on your credit report for a minimum of seven years. Stay mindful, however, of the fact that false information can be stricken.
so so gracefully while i'm burring my roots
So before we transition from big business into a startup, it pays to pay attention to the big picture because all too often when we ‘grow up’ working for big companies we lose sight of the real world we operate in.
Libya has Africa’s largest oil reserves. It is also part of the oil-rich Middle East, which U.S. imperialism considers to be a pivotal region that requires the exercise of colonial-type control. That is what Secretary of Defense Robert Gates means when he repeats every few hours on television that Libya is being bombed because the region represents a “vital interest” of the United States.
On Friday nights, Le Fida hosts one of the loudest bands in Bamako, a nameless outfit fronted by the Soumano brothers. Their story remains frustratingly elusive, and though the details are subject to change with each retelling, they can still be distilled into an age old narrative of delusions of fame and never catching a break.
I managed to get Charles II into this book too, and then embarked on three novels set in the household of Dr John Dee, who was a magician at the court of Queen Elizabeth I. Reading his biography, I found that the queen had visited Dr Dee three times at his home in Mortlake, so included a scene where my main character (an ardent fan of the queen) scurries about trying to light a fire to warm Her Majesty, who had called unexpectedly.
Sway and dance on sacred mounds
So, Uno was good. We played Harry Potter Uno, which was fun. Captain America always calls out the score at the end of the rounds, and he was using his Severes Snape voice - WAY too funny J
I have decided that I will never amount to even a hundredth of the woman that is the seriously lovely Faux Fuchsia and I have reverted back to my semi-feral state.
- sticks.
I'll leave you with some Springy photos we took at the Conservatory at Wright's Park last year. On an overcast day like today we all need a little sunshine.
A major reason that South Africa ever changed its racist government was because the country was condemned by the global community. Gender Apartheid cannot be tolerated and ignored by the rest of the world or it will never stop.
Most kids don't want to lie. They want to get it off their chest, that feeling of having done wrong. The Catholic church recognizes this in a sanctioned way, they also sanction guilt, but that's a whole other subject and also one that came up recently. There is something very cathartic about telling the truth.
Singaporean workers must continue to remain the core of our economy. Productivity and wages must go up in tandem and ensure that no worker is left behind. There is much more to be done so that we can achieve better jobs for all!
That little eagle chick, Phoenix, had a huge, probably even “profound”, impact on the hearts and lives of 1000′s of people.
Here is a sampling of what it is like to live with Ashton. This morning's conversation was this . . .
Picture Mode : Vivid
Most of us lived in North London - hence the name, which I remember asking Philip Pullman's permission to use - but there was no hard and fast geographical rule. Other members included Georgia Byng, Kaye Umansky and the late Kate Petty. We shared news and views about publishing in general and our own writing and illustrating. Publishers trembled: "They've only gone and set up a union!" said one. But we hadn't. We were just trying to overcome the isolation and ignorance that can be felt by creative freelances working solitarily from home (this was before Facebook, Twitter and other such virtual forms of interaction).
The first mile of the hike was very easy, including a stop at Hidden Falls. The ranger stopped frequently to point out plants and flowers and tell us about area wildlife, such as picas (AKA pikas) that live in the rocks and boulders of the area. The last 1/2 mile up to Inspiration Point was pretty steep but everyone in the group was fine with the ascent, except for the youngest children who got to ride on their parents' backs.
It was always going to take something special for me to bring this blog back from the dead. Maybe not special for you, but special for me. Sure, I've missed this place - the limited scribbling that I did over on Ecstasy in Slow Motion felt a bit half arsed, because it was - I was just going through the motions. But I've been feeling a real desire to start blogging again - all the stuff that I write for The Times is stuck behind the paywall and, try as I might, I just can't express myself in 140 characters. I'm a waffler. Plus, the story behind this first post is intrinsically linked to this blog. It would be weird to write it anywhere else.
We will end with another Zinnia, Zowie (Zinnia elegans 'Zowie' ). I am so pleased with this plant, I love the color, the individual flowers last for nearly two weeks, it is in your face tall, and it has bloomed as prolifically as the smaller Profusion. Every circus needs clowns and these are mine.
Christopher N. Ingrassia, 28, Watchung, N.J.
not ask. He knows I know.
Happy May Day! As I eluded to earlier, my May is going to be CraZy! So, why not add to the craziness with a small projects sew along? I don't know about you, but I have a bunch of little projects I'd like to complete. Since May is going to be so busy, small projects might be all that I get accomplished. I thought it would be fun to host a (low key) sew along so we can work through our projects together.
In the playground at the farm park my daughter effortfully drags herself across the rope bridge and then jumps down and turns back towards the line of ashen-faced children behind her. Standing next to them she shouts “Come on, you can do it!” like an army sergeant at an assault course. “Well done” she says as they make their way down one by one, while I fish off those too scared to move. There are older children than her pushing and fighting and plunging in front of others, and she’s stepping back and encouraging people. It makes me want to weep for myself and my craven self-indulgence and sell all my possessions and become a Buddhist. Well, maybe weep anyway.
Robin and I searched out many works of art in Rome, including The Ecstasy of Saint Theresa by Bernini. It's a beautiful piece of work, but I think we can all agree Saint Theresa is in full-on orgasm mode. Reading the description only heightens the sexiness -- how she had a vision of being visited by an angel, something about "a thrusting arrow repeatedly piercing" her, her profound "intercourse with God," and -- oh never mind the words, just look at her face:
WE WISH TO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE HAVE YOUR BOX IN OUR CUSTODY.OUR DIPLOMAT AGENT IN CHARGE OF THE NEXT DELIVERY TASK WILL BE LEAVING GHANA. YOU WILL BE REQUIRED TO SEND THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENT BEFORE YOUR PARCEL CAN BE INCLUDED IN THE NEXT BERGE OF DIPLOMATIC DELIVERY THAT WILL BE LEAVING, ALSO I WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR THE SECURITY KEEPING FEES BEFORE OUR DIPLOMATIC AGENT CAN CARRY ON WITH YOUR BOX TO YOUR ADDRESS.
Carly gave Harry Styles jungle worms? Dun, dun, dun…
UPC: 813633012131
So what have we here? No British aircraft, an Anglo-French agreement on joint carrier operation and now a carrier design change that allows for the operation of French aircraft on the British carrier. Where did you read this first?
* When I lived in Florida, our county had a Used Book Repository for the school system. If you were a registered homeschooler, you were allowed to go in and pick out as many books as you wanted for FREE! (even sets of old encyclopedias, complete series' of textbooks with tests and teacher's manuals) They also had old student desks, equipment (I got an overhead projector for five dollars), and other furniture for low cost. You might consider calling your area and finding out if there is such a building in your school division.
I smiled. It didn’t hurt having someone like Anton in your corner.
Laurie Halse Anderson's Speak was one of my first forays into young adult literature. It was published in 1999, approximately the same time I became a librarian. I read it soon after it's publication. It seems when you read anything about this book, it's often categorized as a "must read" for teens. The book is not without controversy mostly due to the sexual content of the rape. Melinda doesn't speak after a traumatic event, and she is ostracized by her peers because she called 991 during a party, and the police come and break it up. It's been a while, but there's beautiful writing here. This is a story of recovery -- a very slow process, but for teens who like "problem novels," this one should be at the top of the list.
So I guess where I’m going with this is that there are still a few men out there that criticize female fans/players and while I can admit there are some that deserve it, we shouldn’t all be bundled in the same category. I am a female ice hockey fan, player and coach; I am NOT a puck slut.
Despite not having recorded in nearly 30 years, the group continues to sell 2-3 Million albums per year worldwide.
Dearest Momma, fair and gazing,
Good news though, my computer (mac) is back from the "doctors" and i even have the windows partition figured out. So I am officially-finally- onone computer!
Some of the participants at this meeting include:
Cut the head of cabbage into 8 same-size wedges, cutting through the core and stem end. Then carefully trim the core strip and stem from each wedge and arrange wedges in a single layer on the roasting pan (leave some space around them as much as you can.)
'Talked some more,' I said, throwing back a cup of tea.
Yesterday, I was so ready to rock the nonstress test. Deuce had been moving like a champ all weekend long. I was feeling confident. All your blog comments assured me I would enjoy the NST! I was going to hear the baby and watch the heartrate and just hang out doing nothing for thirty minute to an hour. Sounds awesome!
So, until then, have your daily Seddie fix!
Melo Almada - Kansas City Blues
When I went to pick Kristy up from her co-op I took a picture of her decorating a cake. I had to promise her I wouldn't put it on here, it will only be for Project 365.
Boy
That’s how we do it around here. That’s all folks.
The Lord knows the needs of His own and lovingly cares for those needs. This may not have been Paul’s means of getting toRomebut he was assured that it was the best way for it was God’s way. He could not have worked out the necessary details but could be content that the Lord was taking care of all of them
Since I'm off and running today, we'll cut right to the chase!
Wertheimer N, Leeper E. Fetal loss associated with two seasonal sources of electromagnetic field exposure. Am J Epidemiol 1989; 129: 220-224.
Ryan Healy, BS, NSCA-CSCS
Since I missed my chance to have it after brunch - not saying whether I missed my chance to overindulge or to try the Rebootizer after the celebratory post-race meal - I might try it before going to be last night. The question is, should I eat a lot to give it a fair try?
Yesterday, was the anniversary of my Mothers passing. It's been 11 years. So hard to believe. Gone way too soon. I miss her every single day. I love this picture of her in our kitchen where I was raised.... I was 3 years old when this was taken. Some of my best memories are of her and our family in that kitchen .Momma used to love to drag out the old Underwood typewriter...and type up recipes. I can remember many a Sunday afternoon spent in the kitchen with her...watching her and playing with that old typewriter. Those old keys were so hard to press ! Take a look at that chicken and dumplin recipe up there.... looks like the "p" just wouldn't do it's thing . Ha ! She had to fill that letter in :-)
beyond the long blue mountains?
I've read a lot of people are moving over to Google+ so today I created an account during my lunch hour and played around and I have no clue as to how I'm going to easily get to a dashboard to see all of the blogs I follow. Google+ seemed to be nothing more than a clone of Facebook. I did eventually find a dashboard that listed all of the blogs I currently follow but it wasn't just the click of a button to get there.
- The City Council says DOE is breaking the law by not informing parents about the toxic PCBs in their kids' school. Brooklyn Eagle
We are still being terrorised by the same terrorists. Terrorists kill, the murder and rape, and they can see nothing wrong with it. That is why the ANC Regime can see nothing wrong with the 50 to 100 people being murdered everyday in South Africa, because to them it is normal, to them it is the right thing to do, because they have been doing it for more than 50 years. They are terrorising people in this country with the unthinkable number of high-jackings, armed robberies, the world record breaking number of rapes every minute of every day. The ANC has done nothing and can see nothing wrong with the high incidence of rapes in this country and they turned it the RAPE CAPITOL OF THE WORLD, because it is in their nature of the African male to rape. People are living in prisons with burglar bars and fencing, armed guards, dogs, and alarm systems. The number of private security armed response businesses shot up by 264% while total active registered security businesses grew by 61% over a five-year period. It is highly sophisticated terrorism. BEE and transformation is nothing other than economic terrorism. They are slowly but surely killing the white race, breaking their spirit and demoralising them, terrorising them by threats of being fired and replaced by unqualified, uneducated, unskilled blacks, taking away their means to earn a living and providing for their families, sophisticated commercial and labour terrorism. This is not a conventional enemy.
I was excited to explore the mossy boulders to see what I could discover. Javier told us to stay away from the moss, not only because it’s slippery, but because we are not to disturb any of the fauna or flora. Careful not to tread on any moss, I did manage to photograph this American Oystercatcher, endemic subspecies galapagensis. This uncommon resident has only around 200 pairs in the Galápagos Islands.
More than likely, you are not maintaining Beiber freako obsessed fans that are screaming and posting all over Twitter 24/7 when Justin’s people put out a message to be shared. On the other side of the spectrum, asking fans to do all sorts of things with out any type of reward is not going to get the work done.
The surprising truth is McFadden is only 28 and despite numerous injuries, his most recent cruciate ligament damage, he is still a fantastic player.
Other things that make this season wonderful:
One of the first things people think when they hear you don't, or didn't, go to school, is "oh, you must be religious." And by religious, what they really mean is that we must be either fundamentalist or evangelical Christians.
Following are some of the more interesting questions/responses (set up in bold, completion responses normal):
So anyway, I was sitting in MIS class today chatting with a friend of mine on Google, when the topic came up about Laser Hair Removal. She basically told me that he's interested in getting laser hair removal therapy. Now I know what you all are thinking - "What the hell, laser hair removal? Does that even flipping work?"
Christmas came and went and then I had another invitation to go for a few days to the Snowy Mts with a friend who was thinking of buying a guest house there. The mountains don't have any snow in summer but the high country is popular for hiking and fly fishing. I was keen to see it in summer and even though it was a full day's drive it was better than staying home alone nervously waiting for exam results.
5. Be very specific
