i love the black and white dotted fabric, and i thought the fabric in the background that has sweet street scenes, with a dog, people walking, etc., was the perfect complement!
Neill Blomkamp + Terri Tatchell, District 9
Acts 27:25
You seem to be family guys, or people that rely on close connections? Is that true?
I chose some 30's prints from my stash and a cream tone on tone fabric.
Then, it turned into a rebellion against Japanese society(They are very formal and strict), and the girls started to tan darker, wear platform boots, and bleach their hair, this was referred to as Kogyaru/Ganguro
On that beginner FEO run, a person at the trial had a border collie about 5 feet off the gates. Gypsy spotted him and started freaking out. She was totally fixated. She would not sit for me at the startline or connect with me. So I had her ribbon, just ran in circles with me, back and forth and got her ramped up, and then I just said “GO!” And she didn’t look back at that BC again!!! It’s interesting because when I did the startline stay I wasn’t as ramped up as I was with the BC incident and she wasn’t feelin’ it much. I guess I was too concerned about the stay so I didn’t look fun. I think that was our revelation of the day.
Sen. Jim Inhofe’s (R-OK) staff found a copy of a 2010 video that confirms what many conservatives have long suspected: the EPA is at war with the oil and gas industries. If you wish to see the video go to the Blaze website.
Since they are just plans, and we have 18 weeks until Marathon Weekend, I'm sure we will change our minds several times on what we will be doing that weekend. However, three out of the four of us will be racing, that much I do know! Jacob won't be racing, but that is only because he is not yet three. I'm sure he will start racing as soon as he is old enough! My only concern is not getting enough sleep for the 2 nights before the marathon. However, I don't get a lot of sleep now, so maybe I'll be used to it?!
I asked why we were living in this strange house but got no proper answer. The person who cooked the food was hardly ever to be seen and didn't talk. She padded in without one noticing her and then out again. The door swung to without a sound and rocked backwards and forwards for a long time before it was still. I showed that I didn't like this house by keeping quiet. I didn't say a word.
A bit more bitterness in the taste than I expected based on the smell. It's actually fairly bitter for the style. Still malty, but it tastes like a fall pale, as opposed to a marzen.
It is very similar to the Hello Kitty necklace my honey bought me from Sanrio a few years back. The only difference is that this one is in pink and silver, a little smaller compared to the Sanrio brought, and this Kitty Street necklace is much more affordable!
Ringlets of Gut Broth.
Nice day for fence repairs on the right. The road needs some repairs too - like many of the roads around here!
1/2 cup whole wheat couscous
This weekend, two seemingly disconnected pieces of news were announced. One informed us that Libya’s former intelligence chief, Abdullah al-Senussi, was arrested Saturday at an airport in Mauritania. The other was that convicted Sobibor Nazi extermination camp guard John Demjanjuk died in prison in Germany. While the two events might seem to have little connection, I think they are both related to a central issue of civilization.
To move on to Zuma’s latest metaphor: speaking at a Cosatu meeting in Polokwane this week, Msholozi said that Lekota’s party was like the donkey on which, according to the Bible, Jesus rode into Jerusalem. He said there was a story in the Bible about a “lucky donkey” on whose back Jesus rode into the city.
Since my Achilles tendinitis was really bothering me, I knew I couldn't do much shopping in Boulder, but I had hoped to check out some shops that I had Googled. I only made it into two. But I did find some lovely garden ornaments at one, West End Gardener.
So successful has our series on beer games been (I even had one comment on the last instalment, thanks Zak!) that I have decided to continue it. Partly because there are plenty of beer drinking based games around but mostly because the games, and researching and writing about them is just so much fun. Today we look at the American College students’ favourite drinking game, Beer Pong.
Spread evenly into the prepared pan. Bake in a 175C oven for 25 mins or until a toothpick inserted near the centre comes out clean. Cool in the pan on a wire rack. Cover and chill for 3 to 24 hours.
After last year’s marathon, I realized I needed to add strength training to my regimen. My inner and outer thighs and back took a beating in the race…and I didn’t even think of those muscles as “running” muscles! Although I didn’t injure my hamstring last year, I have pulled it in the past. I have strong hamstrings, but relatively weaker quadriceps, and the imbalance leads to injuries. Finally, strengthening training increases joint stability, reducing the chance of injury – particularly in the hips and knees. (I’ve had knee injuries in the past.)
bebe ruffled chiffon trapeze dress
We are less than a month away before the release of The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword and here is a three and a half minute trailer looking at different never before seen footage of the game.
SS: It’s four wine glasses hooked up to mics.
2) Asuka brown color
Jessica and fiancé Eric Johnson posted this special message to fans on her blog:
You could be forgiven for thinking that an invitation to visit to a farm to see barley growing would elicit the same response as that of a grade five lad to the prospect of a day at a cannery but when the visit is directly linked to one of Australia’s favourite and arguably its oldest brewery then a whole different complexion colours the prospect. You may just look at your next beer in a different light, too.
Personally I've been waiting for it since the 70's when I lived for few years with my mother out near the Utica Av 3/4 station and I first experienced burnt out buildings that were never repaired. Today I imagine the day when I'll walk my kids through Brooklyn streets and I'm happy that their chances of getting gunned down have faded away dramatically from the "Bucktown" days but my still relevant question is while it's great to have the new and be rid of the bad ol', did the good ol days, have to fade away as well? It's a complex question and I think that's also why Brooklynites keep talking about it.
amyb1569@cfl.rr.com
He remained owner of the hotel until his death and it was sold by his son in 1929. It still stands today as the Days Inn Hotel, missing from the city’s Heritage Register but still a fine example of a 90+ year old building.
I thought if I could make a fantastic quilt, it would show around the country and I'd win cash prizes and help support my family. It was my idealistic idea for turning quilting from a hobby into a business without having to actually sell my quilts or quilt for service, two things I didn't want to do.
3 transforming
One of these years, it's going to rain.
I made their bodies with blue soap, then hollowed round shape out, and set white soap in as their faces. I used black chacoal soap for their eyes, yellow soap clay for their hairs, and painted red mouth.
The magnificent tome was unblemished.
Brendan Barber,General Secretary, TUC.
2 Year Warranty
Cooling: Loose the rolls with a spatula. Wearing oven mitts, place a large plate over the pan and invert the rolls onto the plate. Place a wire rack over the plate and flip the rolls onto the rack. (Sort of like flipping a cake method) Let the rolls cool for 5 minutes before icing.
all is right in the world. deano is serenading me, it’s a colder, quiet day and christmas is approaching.
By the end, one has witnessed the evolution of a man and his philosophy, and a scope of American history seldom seen on screen. It's a shame that so much of what precedes those final passages is sloppy, but the power of its ending and of isolated moments before make the journey more than worthwhile.
and stupid stuff it makes us shout
Back to DESK 4 to check out, shuffled down hall to pick up carte de sejour only to be told I have to pay 275 euro in stamps only, not money (cause that just makes soooo much more sense) and they of course only sell the stamps down the street at the Tabac but it is 1:23 and their office is closing in five minutes so if I cannot make it back in time, I will have to return later. Or tomorrow.
The Sheriff's office says investigators are trying to trace exactly where the text message came from, but because it did originate from an international number, that will be difficult too.
These private sector corporations that are purchasing publicly funded wealth and then charging the public to use these services at the barrel of a gun, are only allowed to do so because government is the main shareholder of those public sector corporations. The government will get incentives, dividends, and returns on stock investments from the sale of public infrastructure, with the added bonus of being the main shareholder, thus having proxy shareholder voting rights which allow the government to pick and choose who the board of directors for each of its stock investment held corporations will be. The government appointed board then appoints the CEO, and is directed to bid on public infrastructure. Of course, the government then eliminates monopoly, anti-trust, and other protective regulations so that Morgan Stanley can charge as much as it wants for those parking meters it now owns. And government still gets to be in charge of the assets to ensure these corporations earn back their investment, a return that benefits both government and its investment held company.
I jumped up, yanking up my pants and darting from the stall. I shoved my hands under the sink, which today decided it would be scalding hot rather than icy cold. I frantically rubbed my hands together under the spigot, pumped the foaming soap like a madwoman, then rinsed quickly but thoroughly.
13 I Love U
Since it's so roomy, we're able to share the space and, since I'm an only child and he sorta grew up as such (his sister is 20 years his elder), we're very MINE and YOURS. The space is split, nearly, right down the center. It works and we don't bicker. Well, hardly anyway... :)
Or, Why I Will Feel like a Failure Every Spring
I started by taking out my quilting embosser and used it, along with a ruler to make straight stitching lines, making sure I used enough pressure to make the stitches a little deeper than normal. Then I mixed up some white petal dust along with some PGA. Next, I worked in small swatches (about 5 inches at a time) and painted over the stitching. Afterwards, I took a damp paper towel and wiped over the area I had just painted. It removed all the white color except for inside the quilted bits. After trying MANY things, I was very happy with these results.
Pour into the crust. It will be quite full.
* We also ask design team members to comment on submitted entries
I realized I'd made an elevator gaff so studied the elevator dynamics closely as I rode the rest of the way to the 24th floor. Here are the rules -- if you're the first one in the elevator, go stand in a corner. If you're second, go stand in the other corner. Third person, pick one of the remaining corners but don't block the buttons unless you're willing to be on button-pressing duty; otherwise someone will brush against you uncomfortably on the way to their button. Fourth person, go to remaining corner. Fifth person, stand in the middle as awkwardly as possible. If any more people than that get on the elevator, the tension becomes palpable.
Always a huge range of Compact Discs at every Fair. On average over 8000 donated discs every Fair. Categories include: Classical, Opera, Vocal, Instrumental, Orchestra, Strings, Jazz, Rock, Pop, Funk, House, World, Show tunes, Easy listening.
T’Pau Heart and soul UK
Even in modern society, where previously genteel publications will print the occasional “shithead,” bad words are still stigmatized and stigmatizing. We call them bad words: their very name carries a moral charge. Sometimes, when I am answering another e-mail from a parent who sent their child to the dictionary and later found them looking up filth and smut, what is this world coming to, I wish we had taken the easier way out and just omitted them. After all, we all know these words already. No one learns profanity from the dictionary. (The parent whose child has been soiled by my filth disbelieves this claim of mine.)
The cranberry stands alone in all her ruby-red glory in this simple recipe, adapted from here. Baked instead of simmered in the saucepan, this sauce tastes wonderful with roasts of all sorts, or even over ice cream. Try stirring some of this into your favorite orange marmalade to create a pink-hued marvel to spread over scones...or give as a gift.
For every super nightmare table you get there's always one table you thank god for. The one that saves your average for the night and bring you to your minimum for the night. "Dear Lord, please let me make at least X amount tonight. Thank you for this job and your hair sure looks nice today". I'd just gotten rid of a table of very nice black ladies who were a pleasure to serve, but verbal tippers and bitched about the price. Our place isn't exactly cheap... So my last table is a party of 3, possibly 4. One man asks me for a Dewars and water, the other man asks me for a high gravity beer. I recommend a delirium Tremens a nice ale and nicer at $9 a bottle. Then their friend rolls in and informs me he wants wine but he doesn't know much about it. If I'd known what I found out by the end of the meal I would have pointed him to another bottle of wine and not a safe tasting $32 bottle of wine. He then proceeded to tell me he wanted west coast oysters, big salty oysters. Well...if you're looking for salty oysters East coast are generally saltier and firmer albeit it smaller. No, I want BIG big oysters. I laughed and let him know I'll pick a good one for him, how many would you like? He wanted a dozen for himself, and his friends could split a dozen. Awesome, with the apps and the wine and the drinks their bill was $100 before their entrees. They were in a great mood and a really easy table. I waited on them and finished my side work while joking around with them and the final bill was $200 dollars. As I pick up the signed check they ask me if I had a tongue ring. Why yes, yes I do. Then one guy asks me laughing if I wanted to ride in a Bentley. I laughed and said I'd ridden in one before and although they're nice I didn't really like them. I completely thought they were just being silly. After the wine man (who drank 3/4 of a bottle himself)left his credit card I dashed out to give it to him. They were getting into their car from the valet...a Bentley. They left me $50 and ended my night on a very happy note. They definitely made up for the verbal tippers and I made my minimum for the night.
For some go early, and some go late
The race lasts for eight months and stops in ten countries and it all starts here. The Puma racing team (like the shoe brand...shoes!) has obviously dumped a ton of money in this thing as there are billboards, clothing stands, and advertisements everywhere.
I know the debut album is ready! Please tell me more detail about recording process, cover art, album title, etc.)
In this springtime town.
I wanted to put up a picture, but somehow my camera can’t capture the red teint :S
At Rye Golf Club, par 36
Damned right.
My new computer is humming right along, and I do love it. I have lost a few things in the process, like a gazillion homeschool downloads, invaluable homeschooling links, and all of my blog feeds. I'm still in the process of finding everyone back, but I must admit that I haven't been working at it all that diligently. I've been hip-deep in living which was a gift I rediscovered in my time without internet access, satellite service, and a land line. All that being said, I still have the duty of passing on this wonderful award. I may not "religiously" do much of anything these days, but I read some excellent blogs. Since Doc already tagged a lot of my favorites, I'll share a few more.
"Huh???"
In between breaking up and stirring the browning meat, I readied the other ingredients. I began by measuring out the sun-dried tomatoes. I happen to really love sun-dried tomatoes. Traditionally, I stir them into cream sauces to intensify the overall flavor of a dish. This was the first time that I have used sun-dried tomatoes in a tomato-based sauce. I partially attribute the use of sun-dried tomatoes (and the addition of tomato paste) to the thick, concentrated tomato flavor that this sauce provides. You need 1 cup of the wrinkly, sun-tanned "fruits", not packed in oil. (Bonus: sun-dried tomatoes are less expensive when purchased this way).
The cost of renovations to a century-old home that has been in the family for three generations brought a Wisconsin woman perilously close to eviction, until her 12-year-old grandson stepped in.
It was meant to be.
When I was half the man I was
This is my wish tea cup. It is pretty tiny....about three inches across for the cup and about four and a half inches for the saucer. I must admit, I have an obsession. I want tea cups. I crave tea cups. Every Tuesday, I gaze longingly at the beautiful tea cups that people on Tea Cup Tuesday. They are so lovely! They are big and had unusual shapes and often have real gold trim.
Multi-player cards (MP)
"We're really lucky to have found foreigners to milk our cows".
Paper: Pacific Point (#111350), Whisper White (#100730), Beyond the Garden DSP(#122342)
Thai women have deep-rooted traditional values, such as respect for their parents, elders and authorities.
Lately I’ve been taking pictures in a more relaxed kind of way, without any concerns neither with having a subject matter to a series or a project or with the urgency of publishing a post in a given day/date. However, I did found among my latest photos an unsuspected tendency towards the adoption of a low angle of view. Curious…
Nice, eh?
What I can tell you is that TUSD has decreed that anything taught from a Mexican American Studies perspective is illegal and must be eliminated immediately. Of course, they have yet to define what that means, but here’s an example of what happened to an essay prompt that I had distributed prior to January 10th.
The panel of four archbishops included: John Chew, (South East Asia); Henry Luke Orombi, (Uganda); Robert Duncan (ACNA-USA); Mouneer Anis, (Jerusalem and the Middle East); and Assisting Bishop Glenn Davis of Sydney, Australia who stood in for absent Nigerian Primate Nicholas Okoh. New England Bishop Bill Murdoch (ACNA-USA) facilitated the meeting.
That, made me think of this:
3. Food – This means the pre-planning of meals, the purchasing of the food and finally the cooking and preparation of the food.
The premix give a rather melty pastry... and because i used the same propotion i.e. 1/2 tsp of pastry to paste, the pastry layer is rather thin, and the pineapple paste is actually quite a lot...
How was everyone's weekend? I checked in yesterday for a Sweat To Street Post but didn't really divulge my weekend happenings. So here I am to plaster pictures all over the internet of what went down behind el blog this weekend.
in full magnitude as those wild
Try it yourself on the following:
When we're moving forward without hesitation I take leg pressure off too.
Like a bad case of tinnitus it NEVER stops.
Chanyeol clapping Baekhyun’s shoulder and sit beside him in a bamboo chair. Baekhyun lift up his face, showing a really sad aegyo face with tears start to fallin’, pale lips and his body shaking. Maybe this description is too much for a starving person. But baby bacon is just like that *over reacted*
I don’t get over structured too early. A good idea has a ripple effect, soon suggesting other ideas or applications. At first, all I want to do is grasp the big picture-even if only a piece of it.
Then there was the place I worked where the Chef was filthy,an alcoholic and smelled of death permanently,his Sous Chef was a nice enough lad but sweated profusely, probably due to the increased workload he endured as a result of the Head Chefs permanent dysfunctional hangover.When he was under pressure there were always unfettered beads of sweat running down his forehead following the outline of his nose and slowly plinking, slow motion into the dish he was preparing.It was hypnotising.I never ate anything there in the two years I worked there.
1:30PM "spanish four"(1004 W 24th)
Ramsey Campbell – Peep
In 2010, there was an average of 34,565 police officers in the NYPD, of whom only .15 percent (52 officers) intentionally discharged a firearm at a subject.
I started at 8.45am. It’s now 10pm. And I’m still here.
My weekend was all about dogs! It started out by my finding a black lab on the highway. A couple of people were stopped trying to catch him. I opened my van door to get a leash and he jumped in. When I looked around, everyone had suddenly disappeared, and I was left with this rambunctious happy boy who was wondering what the next chapter of his adventure would be. Not knowing exactly what do to next, besides take him home with me, I took him to our county animal control--Probably not what he had in mind. But he was in great shape and had 2 collars on, but no tags so my hope is that someone will be looking for him. Just in case they aren't, to make sure nothing happens to him, I put my name down as a possible adopter for him. And just to cover another base, so his owners know where to look, I later put up posters in the area saying that a young black lab had been found and taken to animal control. Paws crossed that he finds his way back home!
Back Flys 15 reps 8 lbs. 15 reps 12 lbs.
I know. How LAME that I'm ending this post on a pair of black, work pants.
I wanted to share some of my thoughts on using Skwirk online as part of our homeschooling environment.
Television networks learn over time that such programs will not sell and would have to be carried at a financial sacrifice, and that, in addition, they may offend powerful advertisers.’ With the rise in the price of advertising spots, the forgone revenue increases; and with increasing market pressure for financial performance and the diminishing constraints from regulation, an advertising-based media system will gradually increase advertising time and marginalize or eliminate altogether programming that has significant public-affairs content.
How do you find your people?
Boris Akunin is the pen-name of Russian author Grigory Chkhartishvili, used on various series of detective novels, some of which have proven quite popular in translation — certainly in the UK, where his Erast Fandorin and Sister Pelagia novels have been appearing for some years.
The tax returns are then mailed to a vacant home or another address where a deal has been worked out with the homeowner, Crumpler said.
When beans are tender, add chicken to the pot, gently stir maintaining heat on lowest setting.
Cosmikd
It must seem funny to you, reading this that I have written. Funny to see how desperately I write of all these things that she is not. I wonder if this is still a problem for you? The negative image our Queen has been painted. Do people still stare blankly, wonder at our sanity? Do they still laugh, incredulous at our faith and loyalty to a god they see as cruel, unreasoned, unworthy?
This one day course is designed to provide practical advice on evaluation and how to collect the information needed to assess how successful a community-based initiative has been.
ternity care services in the United States, Inspired Birth would be a usefu=
Nominated, European Film Awards 2002 – Best Actor (Alain Chabat)
“Share that delicious piece of cake,” he said to loud applause. “Don’t eat it all alone!”
This Tea could be for a Mother and Daughter,
I went in for a check-up with the chiropractor yesterday and he was extremely pleased with my progress. I've been feeling soooooo much better! My pain has gone away, the inflammation surrounding my joints has gone away, I have more energy, I am happy (until it's time to figure out what I am going to eat, that can make me somewhat irritated/depressed, especially when dining out), and get this, I've lost over 12 pounds in 3 weeks. Like woah. I am nearing the end of the detox portion of the regimen and I will begin slowly reintroducing foods 3-4 days at a time, being sensitive of any changes in my body and digestion.
I momentarily held the undivided attention of my teenage daughter. Her thumbs, free of their ubiquitous texting keypad, quietly dangled by her side. Her computer and its omnipresent Facebook page were completely out of sight. I had almost forgotten what she looked like without all these adolescent accoutrements. As we sat down together on the burgundy leather sofa in our living room, I realized this fleeting state of electronic dislocation was my chance to hatch a plan I had been formu- lating for the past several weeks. Carpe diem.
It has been brought to my attention that both of the applications available for download at my site may not be working properly for some users. The problems are with the TouchOSC layout files, which I've managed to sort out and will upload later. The second problem has been with the .zip compression, I'm going to either put the disc images up just as they are or compress them differently to fix this issue. Not many people have experienced it but it will be addressed!
This month he accomplished his goal, quit his day job and is now following his dream of
… And (as for) the believers it was incumbent upon Us to help (them). (V.30:47).
It’s day 4 of 2012, this funny first week when we all reappear from the Christmas break, still trying to remember what we did before the Christmas madness hit us all and getting ready for the new year in front of us. We all have made some sort of resolutions – be it not to eat another biscuit, have another glass of wine or to finally tidy up and declutter the house. Some resolutions will survive the storm of daily life, others will quietly disappear without any acknowledgement from us that they ever existed.
I guess the 90′s boom lasted well until 2000, when Y2K didn’t do anything, but then a terrorist cat bit Lady Liberty on the arm, and she became vigilant to the point of paranoia. With revenge impairing her judgment, she attempted to police the world, but fared about a well as Tom chasing Jerry. Then everyone began to doubt our ability to police the world. And to make things worse, there were all these parallels subplots, perhaps resulting from the irrational optimism of the 90s, that resulted in economic bubbles: the dot-com bubble, the housing bubble, what else? I hear there’s going to be a new one. Personally, I think all of this could have been averted if we has elected another saxophonist.
But now, here is the rest of the story. It was a tight race with the blog in second place. A blog authored by one name Jackie Bartak. She has an inspiring story and you may want to check her out. I think that both she and I thought that the voting ended midnight, Pacific Standard Time. She must have been working the social networks just like me. Most of the day I was in the lead, but she kept coming on strong. I was calling my daughters telling them to get their friends to vote and basically embarrassing myself pleading for votes from friends on Facebook. Late in the evening she pulled ahead in the vote count. I kept trying to catch up, bringing it back to a tie at one point, but the lady must have resources. At midnight, my time, I ended up losing by 5 votes. I'm telling you people it was an eventful evening, but actually kind of fun. I place a message on her voting page, congratulating her on the victory and thanking her for the fun times.
We call the fallout to any article the “comments,” but since they are often filled with solid arguments, smart corrections and new facts, the thing needs a nobler name. Maybe “gloss.” In the Middle Ages, students often wrote notes in the margins of well-regarded manuscripts. These glosses, along with other forms of marginalia, took on a life of their own, becoming their own form of knowledge, as important as, say, midrash is to Jewish scriptures. The best glosses were compiled into, of course, glossaries and later published — serving as some of the very first dictionaries in Europe. Hitt uses the case of the ivory billed woodpecker to explain that authoritative knowledge claims are often subject to scrutiny from those with knowledge and expertise outside the academy. The ivory billed woodpecker was thought to have been seen in a video in 2004 -- the first sighting in more than 50 years. The sighting was subsequently written up and published in Science. It turns out that the sighting was false, it was not an ivory billed woodpecker. The paper in Science however stands uncorrected.
I do need to be sure a woman is suitable. To me, one of the most difficult things in a relationship is... the nothing. It is being there, day after day, having little to say or do with or for each other other than simple duties and chores. That can become cloying, dry, empty seeming. That is where love is tested. It isn't just her that has to be prepared for that. If I seem more stuck in it bodily than ready for it, I know those times. There is no way around it. When you know each other as well as you can, you also begin to have... less favorable opinions about some to all of what your partner does or believes, at times. In a day where "grin and bear it" is insufferable, is it even possible to have a marriage? Yes, if you find a woman who has been taught these things.
Steaks and lamb can be served pink inside, but ensure that the outside is well cooked, to kill off any bacteria that may be lurking on the outer layer. Anything made from minced meat, such as burgers, should be cooked thoroughly all the way through.
Note: I didn't do it this way. I made the pudding first, covered it with plastic wrap and then sliced the bananas.
Letting the tales knead the knots
Special Assignments (Weidenfeld & Nicholson, 2007)
So when you say I’m not “Just a Youth Pastor anymore,” what I hear you saying is this – “Youth Pastors aren’t real pastors who are called by God, qualified, and worthy of respect. But you’re not like that, now you’re a real pastor! Congratulations, you’ve made it!”
Salt: ½ teaspoon
01 Negativland - The Smile You Can't Hide
Maybe I can petition whoever gets petitioned in these cases to allow the creation of a list. That list would contain names of pre-approved people chosen to become recipients of all my extra parts.
To others bhEd means difference as in bhEd bhAv.
minnow - we have the book Would you rather be a bullfrog? and one of the questions is "Would you rather be a minnow or a whale?". One day, Kira shouted out, "MINNOW!" and it cracked us up. She loved the reaction, apparently, because she now likes to randomly shout it out. She also really likes to add it on when Jackson asks her to say something. Like, "Kira, say Daddy" - "MINNOW DADDY!" She thinks she's huh-larious.
“And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age.” Mathew 28:20b (NIV).
2 teaspoons matcha powder
3. POOR LITTLE ALFIE (3:09)
Evey year I get the girls a new Christmas ornament. We like to go to a store called the Christmas village at Gardner Village. I want to make this a tradition, the village has about sixty elves statues all around the shops. When the girls get older I thought it would be fun to do lunch and then walk the shops. but for now we go in and go. Olivia had a really hard time picking the ornament that was just right for her, Gracelyn on the other hand was done in minutes and both ornament fit the girls perfect. When they get married I will box up their special ornaments so they can put them on their own trees, just like my mom did for me. It is one of the special gifts that my mom gave me. Every year when I get them out the memories come flooding back and I love it
In the event of further severe damage to the spent fuel pool in Unit 4 what are TEPCO’s options?
4 Even when I walk through the dark valley of death, I will not be afraid, for you are close beside me. Your rod and your staff protect and comfort me.
Thanks for still loving me, Chad, even though I still squeeze the toothpaste tube from the middle after six years of you asking me not to. And thanks for putting the toilet seat down (most of the time) even though I haven't changed my toothpaste habits. I'm working on it.
I hope you have a wonderful weekend! If you have any questions about the recipe, follow the link to Recipe Girl, she has a more descriptive narrative and photos of each process. I only took a million photos of the finished product, I have hard time taking photos while cooking at the stove.
"Madame Imelda is nothing if not fair. Knowing the past, present, and future does that to a person. Ask me a question about this lady friend of yours, and if I get it right, you pay for a full reading."
After recently rejoining Twitter, Demi Moore was looking for a new handle to replace @mrskutcher and she finally got one. After a few weeks of fan suggestions, Demi made the change to @justdemi. Good for her.
As Nora Roberts said, “You can correct bad writing, but you can’t correct a blank page.”
How my mind is racing!
Surely, I will yet learn the secret of contentment.
When he’s happy, i’m happy. When he’s sad, it hurts my heart for him. He deserves the world and I want to do my best to find it with him.
But, has it been bliss? Has it been best for them to not have any knowledge of me since shortly after I was born? I can’t answer for them. I can read what other birthparents say and write. I find that a majority of them agonize over not knowing what ever happened to their baby. Others talk and write about burying their pain of not knowing so deeply–just to emotionally and physically survive the loss.
He who would write a poem builds a kite
936 **D-III/28(A)/1986. “Reason and Revelation: The Case of Tom Paine.” Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, New York. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6), above, pp. 385-90.)
Looked up, scanned my face, realized
One of them.
“Even Jesus couldn’t make water into wine this good!”
I've talked a lot about the "sex sells" marketing tactic on Retrospace, but there may be another method that's just as persuasive - "shame sells". Make the buyer think he is the most repugnant, degenerate piece of shit on earth because he doesn't use your product. It's genius.
Roberto Di Matteo: “It will be a very difficult match.”
Unity has their Asset Store, where I can put this up for sale. Once I finish it, come up with a good name for it, and determine a good price range, it’s getting submitted to the Asset Store immediately. Who knows, the sales from it may allow my to be able to afford 3D art for my game sooner than I’d expect. Turtles all the Way: A Shell Game would certainly be the type of game where the production values are telegraphed to the player loud and clear, so I can only hope I don’t end up being forced to skimp on it.
The Prof is, of course, correct – but I am not over bothered. It is only telly after all.
This card reminds me of my Dad. He is a musician and has been in bands as long as I can remember. I still love to hear him play. I love the retro microphone image in this set too. I stamped it out with versamark and black versafine ink and embossed them all with clear embossing powder. I gave the edges of my green strip a little definition with some shabby shutters distress ink. The music notes were stamped in black ink on smokey shadow card stock.
Eyeshadow: Liquid Glaze-Purple – *Boom*
Noon – 2 pmMEET GLEN CAMPBELL
Ah the Beave. Heard about this gastropub a few weeks ago and we had to check it out. You walk in and it has a whole rustic/eclectic/cut out of wood look to it. The tables and chairs at the bar are logs and whatnot. It smells like BBQ as well. I'll forgive the 3 beers on tap as they were all local beer, yet they made up for it with 75 bottled beers. This place is perfect for the Heights, a happening part of Houston just northwest of downtown. It looks pretty grimy, but it's damn expensive to live there.
With the recent release of Chiddy Bangs first proper album Breakfast and the return of Asher Roth with his new single Party Girls, college rap seems to be a sub genre going from strength to strength. From the moment I Love College was released in early 2009 and Chiddy Bangs Opposite of Adults spread like wildfire, there seemed the potential for artists who hadn’t grown up in the ghettoes of New York or LA to make credible hip hop covering what was relevant to them. Granted, much of the work talks simply about girls, smoking and drinking but there is still room for creativity, both musically and lyrically and with the wealth of unofficial and mixtape releases out there, it is a fast evolving and interesting genre to keep up to date with. The frequency of release is a testament to the work rate and ethic of these artists and whilst this may not always guarantee every song is amazing its proves the wealth of talent there is.
The meat of the sacrifice may be distributed cooked or uncooked,, but it is preferred that it should be cooked as this leads to greater blessing as mentioned by a group of the scholars.
-Don't say, "Thank God you lost the baby before you really loved it." I loved my son or daughter. Whether I lost the baby after two weeks of pregnancy or just after birth, I loved him or her.
And boy, it was hard.
I’m sure we would rather have been prepared for the hard times ahead by a truthful Government instead of being conned by the snow-job perpetrated by Clark and her senior colleagues at the 1990 election.
Marriage is not an exclusively Judaeo-Christian institution; it is a union observed in all cultures, and seems, according to Aristotle, to exist by nature. Marriage in the Bible is essential for the functioning of society, and is the model used to explain the mystery of Christ’s relationship to the church (Eph 5:25-32). The Church of England ‘affirms, according to our Lord’s teaching, that marriage is in its nature a union permanent and lifelong, for better or worse, till death do them part, of one man with one woman’. This has its basis in the Old Testament, where God says: ‘It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him’ (Gen 2:18). It continues: ‘Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh’ (v24). Although these verses do not purport to define marriage, they do describe its origin, and are therefore crucial for understanding the Bible’s teaching on marriage.
Carl got one of the cinco specials - a shot and a beer... I about died laughing when I saw the "shot and shirt" special - one shot of Jose Cuervo and a shirt to remember what you couldn't remember from your night of cinco festivities.. hilarious, Barrio.
It felt marvellous; free if you will.
Full of young men’s voices calling, his wan,
You have ended it.
The tanks arrived in pairs on flatbed trucks, and then, one by one, each was hoisted up to the roof and lowered through a hatch (specially created this purpose) and into the building.
“…an expression appeared on the patient’s face that could only be described as Satanic,” wrote M Scott Peck. “It was an incredibly contemptuous grin of utter hostile malevolence. I have spent many hours before a mirror trying to emulate it without the slightest success.”
life so upside down? What has brought about this turmoil?
Have you seen videos of the people at these concerts? They're usually rocking out and singing all of the songs. They're much more animated then some of the people at the concerts I've been to lately.
State Rep. Scott Krug
Week 5
The local farmer's market is coming to a close in a few weeks. The summer fruits are slowly being replaced by root vegetables and winter squashes. This year, I am trying to adopt a better attitude to the changing of the seasons. This means instead of looking at those root vegetables with disdain because they aren't summer fruits, I'm going to embrace them! Yesterday, carrots and sweet potatoes looked really good at the market, so I made them into this sweet soup. I made it early in the day, refrigerated it and served it cold along with a piece of whole wheat bread smeared with peanut butter. It was a yummy, healthy way to herald the first day of autumn.
During my pregnancy with Peanut, I did a weekly maternity series, which I loved so much that I decided to do it with all my future babies. When I saw this series, I instantly fell in love -- especially with the idea of wearing the same dress the whole forty weeks.
I try to remind myself that there are those in the breast cancer community that have fared far worse than I, women that would envy my situation in general. I’ve read heartbreaking blogs during my journey written by women that, like me, were hopeful they would do their time in treatment and then move on…women who sadly aren’t here anymore. I’m still here. My kids still have their mother. I still have a chance to live. That is what I try to hold on to and most of the time I can. But right now I am having a really hard time.
Paper is from my stash
1 1/2 cups white whole wheat flour (recipe called for 3 cups all-purpose)
I see this as a parenting test. Something that doesn’t fit my little ‘parenting plan’ I’ve mapped out in my head. (Admit it, you have one too!) But it’s ok. I’ll deal. No, better, I will conquer this obstacle! Because my son will tell me what’s best for him. And if I have to mash up food for the next few months, then darn it, I will! (But I’m not mashing him pizza.) (Just so we’re clear.)
All warts are caused by a virus. Warts aren’t harmful, but they can be uncomfortable and unsightly. If you have warts on your feet, keep your feet clean and dry. (Viruses flourish in dark, wet environments).
So I embrace the desire to create when it creeps back into my bones. The piece above came out of a desire to fill a big wall in my bedroom. This wall is the last thing I see when I go to sleep and the first thing I see every morning. It sat blank for many months and then it just needed to be filled. I looked around for some artwork that caught my eye, but nothing stood out.
Rise like Lions after slumber
Sophie: "Mom, you're my mother, and I love you, even if you've slept with hundreds of men."
I promise to get back with posting recaps (there are soooo many more, please don't stop following me and forget all about the Puggy Wedding!) really, really soon. In the meantime though, I have a public service announcement...
Bennett has spent her career leading hospitality programs for well-known organizations, including the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown and as Director of Hospitality Programs for The World Equestrian Games.
Simple.
Temporary pheromones,
One of Sesame Street’s lasting qualities is how its band of puppets channels the spectrum of human personality. Each character has one or two unique behavioral characteristics—and problems to overcome—with which audiences can identify. You have Big Bird’s small ego and casual lack of awareness, Cookie Monster’s compulsive impulsiveness, Oscar’s general crankiness, and so many more. Indeed, we love these characters for their flaws, which are simply stated and yet completely, even painfully relatable. Their deficiencies are the characters’ defining qualities, which in part explains why a character representing pure, unfiltered love was both a surprising yet also inevitable addition to Sesame’s Street’s puppet troop. With a shrill voice and voracious drive to give hugs and kisses, Elmo would become a force that redefined and ultimately transcended Sesame Street. Indeed, the omnipresence of Elmo represented more than simply love, but also the commercial desire to exploit it. Maybe this explains the fiercely divisive response to the character, whose exaltation for children typically translates to irritation for adults.
more on that when I return!
“It ‘s nice to get off to a good start and have a platform to build from” Westwood said.He attacked the course of a soft, damp day that seemed ideal for scoring, but also included the pin placements tougher than usual to a Thursday, a set of golf balls on the fairways saturated confused when they disembarked.
11,773 individuals any guess what percentage of thoat were children? that is still 1000% if not more children killed by drunks than sex offenders. Therefore if the excuse that sex offenders are so so SO dangerous we need to track eveyr move they make 24/7 THE REST OF THEIR LIVES....where are the same 1 strike your OUT laws for DUI! Where are the registry's for drunks also the residence and working restrictions? of course theirs should be reversed They should be required to live no FARTEHR than 1,000 from a bar or liquor store so they have no reaosn to get into a car and kill people!I replied that:
Beans, tomatoes, potatoes, onions, melons, strawberries, herbs, and a lot more, as everything grows like hell and tastes like heaven !
It can keep the soft-hearted like me amused for a while is what I’m trying to say here.
#6. Lastly. The toilet seat is cold in the morning! Not my favorite thats for sure!
Thank you to everyone that played along with us for our "Anything but a Card" Challenge #77. We had some AMAZING entries!! Please go to the post below to see who Mr. Random has chosen as our 2 Featured Artist!!
Where do you see room for improvement in your life?
we could be two places at once
Sent: Wed 8/25/2010 4:39 PM
4. Re-dedication to the Session Beer Project. You know why: I've wandered from it, and that's bad.
This set is Elementary Elegance. A beautiful set which co-ordinates with many other SU! sets, most notably Artistic Etchings. Note that the inside of the main frame is tailor made for the Curly Label Punch (119851).
I love finding old UNIF tees at the bottom of my dresser. One day I'm going to do a post on vintage UNIF tees and then you will see how weird we are...or really how weird Eric is
I wonder why it happens like this? I wonder why the leaves that are so beautiful and so vibrant and so full of color and wonder must fall to the ground and blow off in the wind? Maybe it's to make way for another beautiful season that is to come? Maybe it's to break up the seasonal monotony? Maybe it's a God's way of replenishing and restoring His earth? A global grooming so to speak. I like the idea of the latter :)
Today I attended the Reno-Tahoe American Marketing Association’s monthly luncheon featuring local small business owners who have achieved sustainable success through marketing. From challenges, to successes, to the marketing strategies that have been the most effective, panelists Misty Young of Squeeze In, Jay Bushman of Nothing to It Culinary Center and Paul Doege of Recycled Records all answered questions from moderator John Murphy of the Reno News and Review in a question and answer discussion that was nothing short of insightful and illuminating.
Put it into a sprayed or oiled bread pan, seam side down. I usually use an 8″ loaf pan, but a 9″ one will work too. Cover it in plastic wrap and let rise about 45 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375. When the dough is at least 1″ above the edge of the pan, take off the plastic blankie, brush it with more egg wash and sprinkle with more cinnamon sugar, just a bit.
I've been into all things Warhammer for half my life or so and have never made it there, until a couple of weekends ago when we went for Throne of Skulls.
I wasn't sure about this book when I first started reading it. But it didn't take long before I was sucked in and couldn't put the book down.
I hadn't coloured a Kenny K image for months...I usually use them on card for our male friends and my husband always comments on them, so I thought I would do one for him too. Good ol' peel offs! always handy when you need them. I coloured "Miss Fortune" in copics and prismas and I also added glossy accents to her basque and boots. I cut out the heart myself out of some of the DP that she is sitting on. I also went around her in black copic to help her stand out a bit more.
“Because, if you could love someone, and keep loving them, without being loved back . . . then that love had to be real. It hurt too much to be anything else.”-Sarah Cross
Hopefully, this will help someone trying to figure out what is essential and what is not, and get their own payload developed, while avoiding the trial-and-error method of acquisition. For the guys in the class a couple of weeks ago, it should answer their request for a list of what I carry and why, to help them overcome their perceived shortcomings. Never make the mistake however, of substituting cool-guy, CDI (Chicks Dig It) gear for knowledge, ability, and skill-at-arms.
I begrudgingly have to give Craig this label because a lot of the girls on the show were into him and he did get a lot of play. But he was definitely a manwhore and an insane one at that! He started out his tenure innocently enough as a kid with an abusive dad. But then he became a rock star and slept his way around the high school. He was then diagnosed with bi-polar disorder and went off the deep end and kicked his stepdad’s ass. When he left Degrassi to pursue his music career he came back for a hot second as a coke head and all too often toyed with poor Ellie’s emotions. Whatta jackass.
-Now start organizing!
Like all good Canadians (LOL) I like to make sure my taxes are filed on time which is April 30. But also like a good many Canadians I wait until the last possible moment to file which leaves me standing in a long line at the post office, waiting to get the proper postage. Since I knew there was going to be quite a wait I took the opportunity to do some people watching.
Only until a few months back, if Kent wasn’t bringing clean energy to communities then he and his team of technologists were working on a sophisticated and effective flood warning system that bypasses the dependence and often confusing output of flood information by the government. They set out to build an alternative system that is practical, open, reliable and of course solar powered, a system that otherwise only the government can boast to have. In comparison to the government it had likewise proven its reliability and accuracy in the field but to a fraction of the costs. Where the government flood warning system comes with a price tag of over 1 million THB (per device!) Khun Kent’s costs only 70,000 – 100,000 THB. Where the government’s data is neither public nor accessible their system is designed solely for the purpose of serving the public. Keeping the costs at such low level was only possible because Kent and his team’s intelligence, time and knowledge were deducted from the bill, the drive for profit had been replaced by its focus for public benefit. Initially the project was supported by ThaiFlood.com and OpenCare but funding eventually dried up as we could anticipate in the wake of a disaster when the news and misery on TV screens fade so do the donations, leaving important long-term projects such as this one unfunded.
I also took my walk yesterday morning,
Typical components in this area are.
It was once called reporting, the idea of spending days, weeks or maybe even months researching a story in depth. It didn’t mean a quick Google search and a few emails.
Flour—About three times the amount of liquid
Others (including Alan Price of The Animals, and supposedly Alan Lomax himself) believe that the song isn’t originally about New Orleans at all, but is a transplanted English folk song. Ted Anthony, in his book Chasing the Rising Sun: The Journey of an American Song, writes about a recording Lomax made in 1953 of an English farm laborer named Harry Cox. Cox sang Lomax a risqué little song called “She was a Rum One” about a man and a prostitute. One version of the song opens like this:
And then, one day, I just bought a new one. Just like that. I upgraded to the twenty dollar model with programmable stuff and clocks and everything (not that I have used the programming feature yet, but I like talking about it), and my mornings have been better ever since.
So today the entire design team is back with an addition set, requested by many Lil' Inker Designs customers, to the Sentiment Flag set. This one, appropriately titled, is called Sentiment Flag Additions and is available for purchase along with all the products released this week in the Lil' Inker Designs store now! This new set can be purchased as a set, which includes the newly released stamp set & dies or each part can be purchased individually as well.
What was the most difficult part about writing the book?
“President Obama is determined to drawdown to that infinite training mission and ride out the rest of his term. None of the problems of the war are being addressed, and we’re going to leave a horrible mess when we finally give up and come home”, Joshua Foust, 13 Mar 2012,
- Madonna and Britney snogged at the MTV awards;
2 tablespoons butter or alternate cooking fat (oil easily will make this vegan friendly)
Hello Juliets! I am so excited to be part of the Cover Reveal for the new YA Paranormal Romance novel by Author Heather M. White. Let me thank the author herself and Heather of SupaGurl Tours for including me in this event.
Shortly after being rebuked by the ANC, Malema changed the words to "kiss the boer".
So I'm looking for what I suspect many people are continually seeking out: betterment. I'm no individual when it comes to this matter, I hope.
Our charter:
25. I have a wealth of fond memories.
2 bunches dark leafy greens (kale, collard greens or Swiss chard), tough stems removed, leaves very thinly sliced
So Kristy, Wayne and I left at little after 9:00am.
The centrifugal dynamic reached more dangerous proportions when armed secessionist movements went beyond federal republics – the Leninist constitutions of the Soviet Union and Yugoslavia formally allowed for their independence under the proper conditions – and arose in autonomous republics, former autonomous republics and other regions: Chechnya and Dagestan in Russia and Kosovo and the Presevo Valley in Serbia. Northwestern Macedonia was the site of the same destabilization in 2001, the direct – and inevitable – result of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization’s air war against Yugoslavia two years earlier on behalf of Kosovo separatists.
I will be posting requests for a week at a time. So check back every week for the next week of requests!
So let's move on - Even though I know like 89 percent of you feel the same !
Me: It’s a hot dog.
Think concretely. Set goals so progress can be measured. For instance, this goal is too ambiguous: I'm going to spend more time with God. Instead be concrete: I will read one Bible chapter and pray for 10 minutes five times a week.
Game developer RADICAL ENTERTAINMENT has scored yet again with their game prototype 2…
You can hear between 4:00 to 5:50 minutes a handler say, "The G.A. can't HEAR in their meetings (in the middle of the park) because the DRUMS are so LOUD!" Sounds like sweet revenge to me...
There was a time when people could disagree about politics and still feel mutual respect and even affection for one another, but I think that time has passed. Although there are still a few liberals in my circle of friends and acquaintances, the circle keeps getting smaller, and the price of maintaining the relationship is generally biting one's tongue.
But I really, really hate the effect this has had on me, who didn't even see or interact with them. And I think that's exactly what they wanted.
Greetings Rocky Mountain NAFA Readers!
Last fall, my son and I went on a Southern California college tour. On our way from San Diego to Santa Barbara, we had time to visit The J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles. A lobby sign announced that there was a portrait by Rembrandt van Rijn on exhibit. I was unfamiliar with this portrait and looked forward to seeing her.
According to cinematographer Kevin Keating, interviewed on the Criterion DVD supplemental documentary The Making of Harlan County, U.S.A., Kopple and her crew were covering miner and black-lung advocate Arnold Miller's campaign for the presidency of the United Mine Workers of America at the time that a strike in Harlan County, Kentucky was initiated. Workers at the county's Brookside Mine had voted to join the UMW, but the company, controlled by the North Carolina-based corporation Duke Power, had refused to give them a contract accepting that vote. In response, the workers struck and picketed the mine, drawing the company into a showdown in which the latter employed scabs, strikebreakers and so-called "gun thugs" to try to put an end to the protest. Kopple's team took what they thought would be a "side trip, almost a tangent" as Keating puts it, to the Brookside picket line.
I used to think highly of you,
Either way, Watson’s outstanding performance has not only been a major accomplishment for the people at I.B.M. but has also proved to be an enormous step forward towards making interactive technology like Watson part of the near future. Dare I say super computer professors?
Please understand that I realize that my son already has a Dad (and Mom for that matter) I would love to have more information available regarding the adoptive parents but at this time that information isn’t available. I don’t hold any ill will towards them whatsoever and I hope that no matter what I’m writing that they always know that. I feel like the term “Birth Father” doesn’t fit my description so I am choosing to ignore that term as it relates to me. I also don’t like term Step-Dad, or Step Mom, or Half Brother, Step Brother, birth son, birth daughter. I love the word FAMILY or EXTENDED FAMILY! I believe kids prefer those words as well. I am a Father, with three beautiful daughters. Some might say that I have one step daughter and two biological daugthers but you won’t hear that from me or my family. In fact, I tell my oldest daughter that she is extremely lucky because she has two amazing DADS that love her.
The bacteria lost particular vital functions by somehow letting go of the genes that aided those functions. The bacteria survived by relying on nearby microbes to perform that vital task for them. Without devoting resources to that function, the bacteria are free to perform other roles more economically.
The rest of the column can be found here. Meanwhile, the Center for American Progress, a Washington-based think tank that's considered to have good connections to the White House, has just published a brief that suggests that Ankara's increasingly sharp rhetoric, particularly regarding Israel, could become self-defeating. From the brief, written by Michael Werz and Ken Sofer:
So, why start a blog? Well, I have a few reasons there. First up, I enjoy writing, and when I decided to start this little blog, I couldn't understand why I hadn't done this before. Until I got everything set up, started writing this post, and hit the wall of writer's block. It's hard to not want to make every sentence perfect; to make every thought crystal clear. But I'm working on it, and I'm excited to get started. First posts are always the hardest. And I'm not entirely sure what I should be saying here.
Fishing subsidies have been paid to landlocked countries who do not have a fishing fleet.
Honorable Ban Ki-moon,
And thank God for the gifts I have recieved in my life. The family and friends I adore , the lessons learned , and the goals I have achieved , here's to the next 45 years!
1. "Well, fuck me gently with a chainsaw. Do I look like Mother Theresa?"
The sunset banners die . . .
“You will show me the path of life; in Your presence is fullness of joy; at Your
Happy Friday everyone! I've had a grotty couple of weeks but am pleased to be feeling much better today. I have had a chronic ear infection and flu-like bug which knocked me for six. I have been off work and laid up for a week - and as I am a complete fidget, it was really frustrating!
along the Creek Road and people paused
In an unnamed land the rainforest grows thick and tall. The Ealte reign supreme, still fighting an ancient war against the Skora. In a place so full of wonders, that as the eye takes in the beauty the shadows move of their own accord. With wings that alight to the wind the Ealte claim the sky. The Talanna are grounded but built for battle using large clawed gauntlets. The Socien are ruthless trackers, with a nose for blood. While the Wilfren stay in the deepest reaches of the forest, away from curious eyes.
"Not the happiest, but it was still happy I hope. What did it teach you?
For you: Be careful of venal choices……especially if you done did that befo.
Forgive me father, it has been several weeks since my last confession….
POTCHEFSTROOM: Dairy farmer David Hall shot execution style and wife rescued by their dog by three armed attackers.
“Villagers rushed to the fuel tanker with any available container that they had, including water buckets and pots for cooking oil.
Wynkoop Brewing Company Tut's Royal Gold
*The Great Depression began with Black Tuesday on Oct. 29, 1929 and lasted until 1941, when we entered WWII. From 1930-1936 there also occurred an agricultural depression due to drought, overplanting, and poorly managed crop rotation; huge dust storms affected Oklahoma, Kansas, Colorado, Nebraska, Texas, and New Mexico . These two lengthy events seem to be revisiting us now, albeit more moderately. Not a happy thought.
He took a taxi back to the hotel, and in the solitude of his bedroom, made cheerful by a blazing fire, examined his purchase at leisure.
-both now exchanging punches and elbows.
Herbert Marshall Angel
For example, there's a bag from Dior which I'd really like to have. You might know it, it's the well-known Dior Saddle Bag. I completely love horses, and what's more awesome than owning a designer bag which is equestrian inspired?
It’s probably no secret that I love Etsy and all the wonderful and unique products that you can find there. Just the other day I found out about a website called Regretsy which features the worst, or perhaps the most curious looking things available on Etsy.
Last year we saw two additional solutions, interlinked suspension, where hydraulic suspension elements prevent nose dive under braking by displacing fluid in a hydraulic circuit one end of the car to the other end, creating a stiffer front suspension set up. This prevents dive under braking, while keeping a normally soft suspension for better grip.
The ironic thing is, to escape, we must get in cars and drive hours away, and even then, must work to get away from vehicular noise.
"Good Morning Cleveland" - with anchors Pete Kenworthy and Kimberly Gill - is unaffected.
garden beds
“Your hair’s dull, buy this”.
Yes, it is very true.....
B: Oh. Well, anyway, call me when you can.
The first night, Sweets didn't venture too far from Jameson's side. She stayed right next to him all night long. But the second night, she was much more adventurous. The second night she was here (Sunday), was already a horrible night. The air conditioning was broken and the house was close to 90 degrees. We were dying. (First world problems). Marty had the windows in the bedroom up and we had fans blowing on us, trying to keep us cool.
Because of Christ and our faith in him, we can now come boldly and confidently into God’s presence. Ephesians 3:12
There seems to be an epidemic of thickness on this question. Let me be clear: Just because I think an attack on Iran's nuclear complex is a bad idea doesn't mean I think Iran poses no threat to Israel. Do you want to know why Israel is taking the actions it may be taking against Iran? Because Iran has been engaged in full-blown but subterranean war against Israel for almost three decades. The Iranian regime is committed to the physical elimination of Israel. That's right -- a member-state of the U.N. is advocating the complete destruction of another member-state. The Iranian leadership regularly uses Nazi-style rhetoric against Israel and Jews, frequently resorting to epidemiological metaphors -- Israel is a cancer, Israel is a tumor, language that smacks of Mein Kampf.
I've posted Pale Blue Dot before, and it's an essay that is worth reading often. I think when the words are juxtaposed with such beautiful visuals, it's incredibly powerful.
Dad showed me the garter-like band that wasn’t pretty. But I would need to use it to keep these mattresses for mice (so dubbed by friends) in place. It was an elastic circle with two short extensions of elastic at the front and back where metal fasteners with sharp little teeth would keep the gauzy ends in place inside your underwear.
Next week, attorneys for Texas Appleseed will ask a San Antonio court for summary judgment in a suit to protect parents' right to know the types of force that San Antonio ISD police officers can use against students. A similar suit has been filed in regards to the Spring Branch ISD.IMO the Attorney General is dead wrong that the law-enforcement exception to the Public Information Act applies to these policies. He's supposed to construe exceptions to the act narrowly, while this interpretation stretches the exception beyond credulity. San Antonio ISD is afraid releasing the information would "tip its hand to disruptive students and outsiders looking to evade police action on campus." But if the Texas Youth Commission can operate with its use of force policies public, the risk to schools is minimal. Indeed, TYC's example shows exactly why such policies should be made public: Otherwise, no one can tell whether they comply with state and federal law, court precedents, etc..
While reading Centauri Twilight, I noticed several things about this book. The lack of editing makes this one a hard read. It seems it could use another run. At times in the book it's hard to follow because the point of view changes between the characters. I do believe parts of the book feel rushed. The beginning battle when Anton finds Lara was too easy. I was hoping to see some type of struggle or battle. There wasn't one. When Lara and Anton go back to Delaz City to over take the king, this too felt rushed. I think the book could have been longer if some of these details were added in, therefore making this a much more enjoyable book.
and to stay on top of all your wonderful writings..
1. Safety – The reason that the Father asks us to obey is not to corral us, but to liberate us and give us freedom.
The biggest secret of all seems to be trial and error and having a lot of beautiful stuff on hand to create unique, layered vignettes. Some of you are so good at it (like Steve and Trina). It certainly doesn't hurt to have a beautiful character home as a backdrop, but honestly, I think they could make anything look good!
Even later, exhausted, sitting outside with my man, a ridiculously bright and spectacular shooting star shot across the sky.
Than have a happy day.
Joseph W. A.
He who desires but acts not, breeds pestilence.
So yesterday Erika asked what’s on our running playlists. Now, I’ve had two versions of my playlist (3 mile and 4 mile) for over a year. It’s important to say up front, I spend countless runs skipping through songs and testing sequences to get my playlists just right. Once they are, I tend to use them until I outpace them. Nerd, OCD, whatever. I like the music to be energizing, but I also like to sync my steps with the beat. This means the BPM has to be perfect.
You must regret
Pall Mall Gazette - Wednesday 07 December 1898, page 5.
While One Second After is not for the faint of heart or stomach it's an excellent read. The characters are real and tangible-- you know these people or people like them. Forstchen set the book in the town where he lives to give it a greater air of authenticity and making it all that more real to his readers. ***** out of *****
Once again the good folks at the Great Northern Brewery sent me a sample of their Frog Hop beer and once again it was one of my favorites. They go for a very light body to accentuate the fresh hops which are used gently but to perfection. One reason for my love of this beer is that they use locally grown hops in the Whitefish Valley - which is what the fresh hop beer is all about: local, seasonal, fresh.
Well I haven’t taken a great fall, but I do feel I’m perched on a wall. I dropped my med dosage a few days ago because I was having the ‘I think I’d like to do A – but never actually bothering to get up and do it” issue. I have come across this before and it usually means it is time to drop the level of my meds.
Before the service, Little Curly Girl wanted to dance. So I picked her up and put her on my hip, and we danced to Glenn Miller's "In the Mood."
That vision? I’ve never, ever forgotten it. I can still see Mom’s face clearly, still get chills when she turns and looks straight at me and waves the way she did in the vision. It was real to me, and still is.
so removed from who i am now
(Stolen from Publishers Lunch, of course)
Hello and welcome to my neck of the woods on the blog hop train. :) This is day five, and I am your last stop from the talented Emily Leiphart. A few exciting things to note before I share my project. . .
Does this little quilt not want to make you pull up a chair and pour yourself a cup of coffee and enjoy all those baked goods! The quilting in this one was so amazing as well. Looking at it in person, you would have thought you could just walk in and have a seat. Great little quilt.
For this week's challenge we want to see the love being shared around!. The only stipulation the challenge has is no back linking to work already posted - only new work to be linked please.
Now...I don't tell you that in such rapid-fire order to either impress you with my speed-drinking abilities (it took place over about 90 minutes, actually), or to cause you concern about my intake (it took place over about 90 minutes...and I did say I was walking). I note them bang-bang-bang like that (okay, there was a Jägermeister shot in there before the Märzen, too...hey, we're German, okay? It was the right thing to do after sauerbraten!) because the thing that leapt out at me was a perceived improvement in quality in all of these beers, and all of it circling round the qualities that make them lagers. They all seemed better-integrated, the Märzen had a richer body and luscious malt character, the Kaiser was not just hoppy but properly bitter, and the Dark was smoothly drinkable without the slightly husky catch that used to be the slight imperfection that always bugged my otherwise complete enjoyment of this beer. I was running these taps, because I wanted to see if they were working on one beer or on their brewing...and I was liking the answer.
My scientific, testable-reality self hasn’t seen any satisfying proofs of any gods’ existence, but my social-political self sees an absolute necessity for the public to accept the existence of a supernatural being. The function of religion is to bind people together into a reproducing community of human beings which will persist through numberless generations of time. The most potent method for creating group cohesion is belief in an unchallengeable ultimate entity, and this is most powerfully imagined in the form of a powerful person. This being is postulated not only to have created everything but to be personally overseeing the well being and behavior of every one of his creatures and every atom of his creation. To promulgate this understanding requires a human person to converse with the ultimate being and to bring the message to his assistants to help him bring the message of what the infinite being expects of people. Because the being has interest in every being, that proves he also has interest in you personally, as an individual, and therefore he is watching you very carefully.
So, I started thinking about what do I enjoy, what is it that makes me, me? As I mulled over all the things I like to do, photography kept bubbling to the top. Taking pictures makes me giddy! Photography has been a huge part of my life since I was little, developing pictures in our darkroom, with my dad. This is one thing that brings that essential joy I am looking for, let's me share my joy, and helps capture the things in my everyday life that brings me joy.
Let me elaborate. The Forties was the era of the big band. 18 piece bands packed with star soloists playing out of their skin. Who wouldn't like that? Well, the youth for a start. What's the point of listening to music that is so technical it goes over everyone's head? By the mid fifties the big bands of the day were bigger than ever, louder than ever, more technical than ever, and yet..
A million years ago (or so it seems), 'ol Carteach was treated to some indoor range time one night. One night... meaning all of one night... from late evening to early bright. A buddy and I kept the steel ringing on the range for about eight hours straight.
a sense of
The trick was the delicate convergence of the frenetic
my 1,5 month long stay at home helped me sort out many things, just like I hoped it would. first of all, it proved that indeed, I am not cut out for life in this, or any other country other than my own :)
Pour the Queso into a heated Chaffing dish for service, Serve with Tortilla chips on the side.
We'll be navigating our family life smoothly, and just as I shift into cruise-control-mothering it happens.
While driving around in my car that I’ve had for 7 years I became exceedingly jealous of her and all other people who have been able to get a new car. One of the main reasons I am jealous is because all these individuals make more money than I do. I work part time at a job that I love, but one that cannot guarantee me definite hours. So it makes saving money very difficult, because I have to use most of the money I make for bills and gas.
I also want a bigger rug This rug, it just too small for this room. I want something that takes up most of the room. A work in progress. Trying to do as much as I can for little money right now. All extra pennies are going to a new floor.
I think this is so true, some get it- some don’t. Well Eliza Hun,I think you get it, and its ok to doubt but some who plant the seeds of doubt would be the ones with jealous hearts, as it was not them that I contacted directly. By the way I never told anyone I would never go online. I never say never because one never knows what one would do in this life. I can’t be myself all of the time, but certain things I do such as going on the net being a fake me if you will, ha!!after all that’s what I would be called. So I will continue to sit behind this mask for at least for awhile and remember what it was like to be me and be myself. In my case I’m pretending to be myself, man that sounds so crazy, but hey its the truth, talking of truth, ‘Oscar Wild ‘said it best ‘Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.’
A5 S.O.D* - I Don't Want
I wasn't getting drunk. I wasn't even getting tipsy. I was just getting my headache/uptight self a bit more relaxed as I had a wonderful time talking to God, thanking Him for His supernatural peace to wash over me and my home and then I had some time of praying in the Spirit before it was time to go inside and start dinner. After that little "excursion" from my regular daily routine, I was refreshed and rejuvenated and ready for the remainder of my day.
monsta movie
INDIE PRIDE: mini-challenge
Amber Heard and Karl Urban are usually good, but the movie must have been an off-day for them both. Heard looks completely lost, whilst Urban mumbles a lot. Thankfully he has the sort of face that looks intense all the time, naturally elevating his crappy surroundings. There's nothing for either of them to do until Heard gets herself kidnapped too. I won't insult your intelligence by labelling that a spoiler.
A rather good influence.
Still time… Honor a Special Woman in Your Life, visit our Mother’s Day 2012 today. Mother’s Day 2012 section of our WebStore, which is accessible from our homepage www.nwhp.org
I started with the pencil, as that was the easiest, and I was getting tired of working with neutral colors, that I was happy to throw some intense color into the image. The pencil was colored with the same Y21 I used on the golden horse, but this time, I accented it with YR04. The wooden area was colored with E11 & E13. I colored the graphite with N7, even though it looks like a deep black. Then I wrote in the pencil brand with my multiliner. (Recently I met the wonderful people at General Pencil Co, the last US-based pencil manufacturer. They use wood from trees logged right here in Oregon, so they are my new favorite pencil company!).
Written By: James Schamus (Script) and Rick Moody (novel)
2. Stock up on trash bags, paper towels or rags, and candles (I have to have a candle burning while I clean).
Now, lets see YOUR style!!! What makes YOU you and your cards EXTRAORDINARY?
though I was a slow learner,
"Something Good", British techno unit The Utah Saints took a
When I held you in my arms that day
Denise Lombardozzi uncomplicated, thoughtful, narrative
me i can't
Looking up David saw a flaming American jet spiraling towards his hidden deck. A Chinese fighter in pursuit was still firing tracers rounds into the damaged craft. As the final rounds impacted the American jet it exploded into a brilliant fireball two hundred above knocking everyone to the ground. As David’s consciousness slipped away, he was at least partially satisfied with the idea that he would not be forced to provide sanctuary to the woman and her children.
Archie can’t wait to get back in the house, so he won’t take a step out of sight of the door. Unfortunately that means he won’t go near anywhere sheltered. Poor soggy moggy!
I added shadows to all markers and pens with C3 and BV25. I was careful to make all the cast-shadows consistent, and crisp so it is easy to tell that they are suppose dot be resting on top of the picture of horses.
The young boy started Noah's Dream Catcher Network in 2010 to organize community service projects and give do-gooders a chance to donate to important causes.
I am so blessed to be on a business trip this week in Washington, DC!!!! I love every minute of today and will drink in more fun of the big city life soon.
Well, on October 4, 2011 Apple served its 16 Billionth song. That’s right, billionth – with a B.
Our second day there we journeyed a little further afield to the Musée Renoir in Cagnes-sur-Mer, followed by an afternoon in the town of Biot (pronounced Bee-ot). Both are only about a 20 min drive to the north of Antibes.
This year, Kade said "no" to singing "Happy Birthday", and instead asked me - the night before the party - to learn how to play Don McLean's "American Pie" on the guitar so we could all sing that instead.
“Mianhae baby… mianhae…” Junsu frowned.
However, while the review demonstrates that the Wellcome Trust, working as part of the international community has made important strides in our understanding of malaria, it also concludes that there is still a long way to go. As my colleague Marta Tufet wrote in her post today, malaria remains responsible for an enormous global disease burden. It remains a difficult disease to treat, the emerging resistance to artemisinin-based compounds is a growing global health threat, and there remains no licensed vaccine available.
more new old news:
jewelry made from them,
Indy came along shortly after we got Maui. You could say she adopted us. She was a stray in our neighborhood. A very mean stray, I fed her for a long time but could never get to close (she would hiss and growl). Then one day when we were getting our house painted the painters tossed her in our house thinking she was ours. We took her to the vet and reported her to the police to see if anyone was missing her but no one claimed her. At the vet we got her a check up, all her shots and had a bullet removed that was lodged in her hip and then brought her home to begin the lengthy task of socializing her. Once she realized she could trust us and she was safe she was glued to our side all day and night. She was our little princess and her and Maui became best buds.
i am a very patriotic person, and have always felt that no matter WHO the president is,
I am feeling much better on the medication, though. So I may actually touch up the fireplace tonight, which would be a super quick job. Then I will just have to re-coat the ceiling and one staircase wall, and I'd be done! (with everything except the trim).
A wolf might have been a far to kind of beast as Jack gained an all together sense of over familiarity over a spoonful of cordial words but she hadn't lived all her days to be unflapped by the likes of such blue eyed flappers taking up her space. Branding her 'Mattie Dear' felt absurdly intrusive for such an early mile but she humored Sundance for what little it was worth, “Because I’m sure we’re going to get to all the small talk at some point. Might as well be now so at least I can read my stories.” Jack smiled a glint of well rehearsed amusement balanced with sincere favor having always been impressed by the direct route. Mattie peered forward letting her eyes drift along the swirls of blue, red, and yellow swirling patterns adorning the industrial strength fabric covering the headrests. She traced along the paths and riding rainbow waves to amuse herself sinking into her the back of her mind. Preparing to half ignore “Jack” at the first hint of an obvious answer pulled from the stereotype dull drums; actor, model, personal designer/party planner, or worse yet one of those medication reps who offer up a hint of charm and sex to prospective doctors. There might even have been a
13) Salt to taste
These are the books that I've received and bought in the past few weeks. I'm excited for all of these but particularly Unrest, Changeling, The Out of Office Girl, Skin Deep and Welcome To Rosie Hopkins' Sweetshop Of Dreams and can see myself getting to them ASAP! The Immortal Rules was a fantastic read and I'll be taking part on the blog tour and posting my review on that soon so stay tuned for that! As always HUGE thank you’s to all of the lovely publishing people who have sent me these books to review. If you’ve read any of the books I got and want to leave me a comment letting me know what you thought please do and make sure you leave me a link to what you got in your mailbox. Here’s to another week of fantastic reading ahead!
So, this brings me to the broader point of the use of social media in the context of customer service. More and more companies are using automated call systems to try and keep customers from reaching an actual person. In fact, I recall watching a CBC piece about a guy who developed a website which ranks companies based on their phone systems, while also providing tips on how to immediately reach a salesperson. One of my cheats is to direct my call to the sales centre and then request a transfer to the actual department I’m looking for. Shameless, right? But I digress… Social media is a huge realm to engage consumers in, and, as I mentioned earlier, people oftentimes take to social media to accentuate the negative. I’ve done it and you probably have too. Any social media team needs to be prepared to handle a lot of negativity and, in 140 characters (if it’s Twitter) solve a problem. It isn’t easy and not just anybody can do it. Social media teams need to be engaged 24/7 to promptly respond to negative comments, solve the problem and accentuate the positive. It will never be a 9-5 job.
What did surprise me is that I don’t think a single child was grossed out by the worms! Everyone working in the soil thought these were the neatest little critters and passed them about. The worms even inspired teamwork – as multiple kindergarteners would search for worms and hand them to another child who had dug their new worm home!
Oh, it was a strange stretch. I just remember two times waking up in the morning and not being sure if I were really there. Since they were trying to blot me out of existence . . . maybe it was working? . . . I know I know. It doesn’t make any logical sense. But my posts typically aren’t logical.
Peter Gyulavary, 44, Warwick, N.Y.
(The Chimaera Chronicles #1)
it was raining. were looking after new places and Eva’s feet were totally wet because it was summer shoes. how UN rad was that?! the best part of the rain was a cafe where we left Tyge’s contact information and school.
1/4 cup chopped onion
way to go with the suggested colors, but I like my choice.
10. Don’t Touch My Hat
“Yep. My sons,” and popped another one in his mouth. “If I don’t eat them, they die.”
Sundays, during NFL games
I had a great day! I was able to do a little of everything and stay very busy, but not overly stressful busy. Ahh balance, its always nice to achieve every once in a while!
But Easter was different this year. Two churches gathered in the Amway Center, home of the Orlando Magic, 15,000 strong: combined choirs and praise teams, prosperous people and homeless people, every skin color of God’s people-creation. Meeting in the midst of a community struck by racial tension over a recent death. A media interpretation of two racially different churches uniting for the good of the community. Not understanding that these long time, friendly, cooperating churches were meeting to celebrate Resurrection Sunday, as sisters and brothers in Christ, as Easter people. If God could use the service, planned months before, for additional purposes to His glory, then so be it.
Total number cabin survivors, 328.
So I have said that I would catch you all up to speed on the arrival of my sweet Isabella, so today is the day that is shall be done. I am going to try to keep it short, but we will see if I actually stick to it!
Inform me so we can get this blog rockin' and rollin'. Cheesy I know..moving on...
Preheat the oven to 200°C/180°fan/gas mk 6. Base line and grease three 20cm sandwich tins.
Humans don't break, though, even when they're willing.
you’re in a dark room and life seems shit
Feeling all alone
Oh, and by the way, that picture that was circulating supposedly as random ‘child abuse’ was actually part of a much wider issue about children working in factories in Bangladesh. But maybe that was a bit too complex for Facebook-Land.
this is the book that I have made..
How she got into mosaics: After working in advertising for 12 years, she took time off to raise her children and taught herself how to mosaic. Later she traveled to Italy to study mosaics and fell in love with it.
O loves to eat, and when he realises that food is near, or he sees his dinner, he begins to flap his arms and legs and he yells in excitement. He loves pasta, rice, vegies, meat, rice crackers, cheese, grapes, watermelon... usual stuff. We feed him food with mild spices, curries. I’d have to say he adores hot chips. Really, he loves them. He gets cranky and begins to shout if we don’t share quickly enough.
xxx GF xxx
The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life; and he that winneth souls is wise.
You'll see, I don't want love to destroy me
- Although this is a question of freedom of expression, we dont want taxpayers’ money to support this form of media, she further noted.
Amnesty International Malaysia (AIM) maintains that the Freedom of Peaceful Assembly, Association, Expression and Opinion are fundamental strands to a democracy. Any nation who claims to be a democratic must guarantee the exercise of these human rights.
Heat the fat and/or oil until smoking slightly in a thick-bottomed skillet or frying pan. Place the block of paté in as gently as possible to avoid setting the fat off spitting. Sear quickly on both sides, then allow to heat most of the way through, which should take about three minutes. The outside should brown, and the paté change colour. When there is a line of pink left in the centre, pour the orange juice and cherry vodka over the paté. Cook both sides to let some of the flavour seep in. Turn off the heat before the sugars in the liqueur start to burn. Turn onto a plate and serve.
This, of course, is not at all what he is saying. His only assertion of substance is that ignorant people, or people under popular pressure, may apply the law improperly. He neither states nor implies that there is anything improper or unreasonable about the punishments themselves, only that they must be applied with deep knowledge and understanding of what the shari’ah requires.
Courtney once made herself an "I'm a mess" T-shirt. Maybe I should have her make me one.
So I talked to one of the ladies in the room and told her about my team, how we bake and do so much more to understand the science behind our food. We discussed the national Science Olympiad program and the other events involved. And she happily gave me four whisks.
Of course, aspects of books can be researched. A large part of the time I’ve spent on this book so far has been in the researching of armor, of weapons, of fighting tactics, of cultural understandings in ancient China. Some of the best horror writers I know, like Edward Lorn, J. Marie Ravenshaw, and Adriana Noir constantly research for their books. They seek to give their twisted narratives the weight of truth. It makes their horror scarier and that much more fun to read. If you want to know more about some of the inner truths that may come out in their fabulous writing, the bold names are links that you should follow. You won’t regret it.
The crowd is mostly a mix of chatty Taiwanese families and curious local passers-by. Kids are readily accommodated, provided with special melamine tableware (blue for boys and pink for girls) with character prints. You can linger over your meal, but be prepared to be kicked out at closing time. Loiterers are politely reminded to leave once service has ended.
2010.09.19 Thailand Narathiwat 2 0 Muslim terrorists murder a Buddhist man and his wife and set fire to their house.
use our time to ask how we can:
Ok. a Couple things here…
"I think I should get back to the others." I say once I have reclaimed my mouth
After this book I began another, which I gave up after a whopping 26,000 words because I had AN IDEA. An idea for a YA Urban Fantasy that I couldn’t ignore. I needed to write it—now. So I did—3 months later, my 81,000-word book was complete. And it needed less than a week of editing until I felt ready to start querying. I felt confident! I loved the book and my query letter felt strong. I knew this was going to be IT. Then the rejections started rolling in. After the first 15, I was starting to feel pretty dejected. I know 15 is not that much in the bigger picture, but 15 in a row after I’d felt so confident? Well let’s just say my confidence waned. But then I got a partial. From a major agent. The next day, another partial from a major agent. A few weeks later, the first partial-requester wanted the full. I almost died! That meant she read the first 50 pages plus synopsis and liked it. My book??!! A huge happy moment for me. But it wasn’t the first. Over the next few weeks, the full requests started rolling in. Six in total (Nine if you count the 3 requests I got after I’d already landed my agent!)
“Mom? Junior walked to me. He took his first steps.”
3. Infinite Wanderer (White, Argent) 3:43
Thank you for helping me fix the worst in me.
Re-working Miss Cook’s tracks in a dub style, the legendary Prince Fatty adds heavy bass and reverb texture to Hollie’s beautiful, captivating vocals. Excitably the record features three new tracks including ‘For Me You Are Dub’ – a ska version of an old Andrews Sisters’ classic; ‘And The Beat Goes On’ – a brand new, heavy dub cover of the The Whispers’ disco banger; and ‘Baby’ – a new revamp of this hugely requested anthem, in collaboration with The Shoes. Prince Fatty has incredibly added further layers to Hollie’s cover of Shangri-Las’ ‘(Remember) Walkin’ In The Sand’ which she effortlessly transformed from a dark emotive song to one filled with a flavour of hope.
The following link provides detailed information about the registration process and the various ways in which you can contact INAC and ask questions:
XVI
How did we get here? My theory is the British. With their railroads and cricket and buildings and infrastructure they brought along their own British prudery. The thing is, since the colonial days, British culture has evolved. British media is more liberal than American media but in India, British culture of centuries ago is what people want to grasp on to.
- So Gaz Holgate - who just happens to be one of my favorite players from the Philippine Volcanoes rugby team - is in Manila right now, and will be staying in the country for the next two weeks for a working vacation. I'm too old for him, so I'll have to crush at a safe distance (or at least through Twitter and Jessica Rules The Universe), but there are two reasons why I'm in full swoon: He bears a passing resemblance to Colin Farrell, and speaks with a lovely Welsh accent.
Dimension: 11.4 x 9.3 x 0.4 inches
We are ready to do that.
restoring the 60 year old building. We were the first to open a bar
Blue Cheese Dressing Ingredients:
Parents Of Babies With Trisomy 18 Saying Goodbye To Support Group: For almost two years, five Bryan-College Station families who probably would have remained strangers have met monthly at the Play Baby Play support group sponsored by Hospice Brazos Valley.
It is only the one, however, that Morgan sees as a real money maker and he is direct to the point of bluntness: he proposes to illuminate America, beginning with his own home, followed by the rest of New York and ultimately the whole of America, not that he is content to leave it there; Europe is also in his sights:
Happy or Moody most of the time: Happy, excited. Some mornings on the way to work I get overwhelmed with happiness and start to shed tears.
I used the awesome stamp set from Verve: Love Story that has SO many wonderful sentiments and images that were perfect for this project! I wanted to make a whole bunch of different tags with different embellishments and layouts so that she could choose which ones she likes the best. Here is a picture of all the different tags that I made:
I used my beloved Copics to colour the image and SU! inks--Cool Caribbean and So Saffron for sponging. The flowers are prima, pearls and Top Note die are from SU!, the netting and lace is from my stash :) My Friend Bev gave me the swirls which I sponged with SU! 'Cool Caribbean' ink as well. I used the Grand Labels 23 from Spellbinders for the yellow and a QuicKutz die for my sentiment which I printed on the computer. Inside says '...are like Angels, always there when you need them'
Of course, had I told then, it would’ve been me on display. Humiliated again. A respected professor’s word against a stupid young girl. Perhaps I would’ve been blamed, saying I was “asking for it.” Because that’s all too often the way victims of abuse are treated in our society. The abuser–the predator–is protected and excused, and the victim of abuse is humiliated. Called a “home wrecker,” “career destroyer,” “petty,” “vindictive,” etc.
And if it’s true that I have hurt him much, I want to ask for forgiveness through my sincere act of apology. I want to get out from this chain of spell. And if there is a chance to meet him, I will. I would rather not send him a message or call him now, I just want to meet him and talk things out personally. Hug him tight as I ask for sorry.
or just make
Hiding my eyes? “That works!” I gawked a little more. “Oh, my God. Oh, my God.”
Talk whatever way you want. People may not like it or find you pleasant, and that is indeed their right, but it is awfully peculiar to consider you less intelligent due to something like swearing. Especially if you are otherwise well-articulated.
On my right page, I experimented with Diptic photos and the ways they can fit into the journaling card inserts. I discovered that if you use a Diptic layout that has a vertical division, you can trim those photos in half, insert them into two separate slots and they still look like one photo. Here on this full page view you can see how I used the Diptic photos to create a vertical look to an otherwise usual horizontal layout. I'll show you more at the end of the post.
This is a very important sign of the end: the falling away or apostasy and the coming of the man of lawlessness, which is Antichrist. On this subject I would like focus quite a bit of our attention. This concept of apostasy is a key one with which to understand the events of our times. It is too big of a topic to go into completely now. But briefly: a student of history, looking at the whole past two thousand years of history, especially Western history, can see a continuous thread of development. And in these last nine hundred or thousand years, you can see the various strands which go to make up our modern history and modern civilization. The civilization of today is shaped by the events and developments of yesterday.
I tried some new techniques with this squad. The main difference is I used Vallejo Air grey primer, applied with my Grex airbrush, instead of Chaos Black. I wanted to see how it would work, one, and I also wanted to start experimenting with alternatives since the Chaos Black spray will be hard to come by from now on (I have no idea what the current GW Black will look like so it's best to find an alternate route to get where I need to go).
Kirk - Alloway was drawing nigh,
That's just a plain purple cami underneath (not included in the capsule).
Homemade burgers (cajun spiced) with colby cheese melted on top and a big scoop of guacamole (with extra cilantro), on a lettuce leaf "bun". We grilled a couple of zucchini too and dipped them in a jalapeno ranch dip. A delicious lunch that made us forget all about the electricity problems (for a little bit).
At some time in your life, you begin to realize that you are not made up of just the component parts of your personality. You also realize that you are not satisfied with the life that was prescribed for you by family and community. You realize that something else is needed to satisfy your soul; your one self is calling out to you for something more, something vague, something unknown, something different. You wake up to the feeling that this life may not be enough.
My niece Olivia celebrated her 6th birthday on the same day as Noah's birthday. Olivia's mom's request was simple, about a dozen cupcakes in black and hot pink. Again I used my stencils to make the cupcake more interesting and I just cut out some flowers to lay on top of the cupcake with little "buttons" on the center. They turned out to be super cute. At the party, one of the little girls commented that the buttons looked like a pig's nose. Too funny since the very first cake I made for Olivia years ago was Olivia the Pig!
Head on over to Other Peoples Flowers on Etsy where you will find deals of 50% off and more - most listings are by the lot and your savings will be pennys on the dollar. Stock up for your own altered art and assemblage projects or stock your own store inventory - these deals cannot be beat and will not be repeated!
INTIMATE ENCOUNTERS WITH GOD (Honor Books 2003)
Taliat and Tabash fire on the large zrné still standing but both miss. Max aims his laser pistol at the same creature and also misses. Sun’s old disruptor rifle hums and its energy blast grazes the beast.
As you’ve probably heard by now, Phillip Sims has decided to transfer out of the Alabama football program and it sounds like he’s about to land a little closer to home.
"Spirits consumers are fascinated by cocktail culture and curious about how to discern between the 5,000 spirits products on the market," Wojnar said. "In today’s economy customers want to know what a particular Single Malt Scotch or Bourbon tastes like before spending $40 to $50 on a bottle."
It will start to fade otherwise
What’s a quantum physicist talking about meditation and spirituality?
Dilwara Jain Temple-
Talking about ethical oil is like saying guns don’t kill people.
Apparently only a few days later the same pup was spotted making his way through the same neighborhood, probably heading back to that same couch to take another nap.
The house was quiet because it had to be.
I’ve shown her photographs of time beginning
It's because... I'm living in the shadow of love
All of the varieties have a nice mild flavour and a smooth and creamy texture. With two young children I'm really busy all the time and this makes a quick, convenient healthy snack for both my toddler and I. It would also be great for entertaining spread on crackers and topped with something such as berries or tomato slices. The Light variety is only 30 calories per wedge so it won't ruin your diet if you're counting calories.
Thanks so much for taking the time to read all the way through the tutorial. I hope it helps you in some small way! If you have questions or need me to explain any or all of this better, please feel free to leave a comment and I will try my best to answer your questions!
Anything and everything goes. It isn't afraid to experiment. Yes, sometimes it fails, but mostly, when this happens, the fails are still more spectacular than a thousand lycraed muscle men hitting each other.
One section of the museum has a small collection of old cars like this Phaeton, and a room full of trophys. These trophies and qualifying rings, shirts, racing uniforms et al. Another salute to the generations of Unsers who raced to the top and the big money.
Today's post for Blogging Marathon #13 is a simple rice dish. Diet in the postpartum period has to be subtly flavored. Strong flavors are not suited for the mother as well as the infant. This rice fits the bill perfectly. It is also easy to prepare and provides the nutrients as well.
John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2010 Niche Market (PU 27th); 2011 Niche Market (5th)
It's been very cold here in the UK and still is...hopefully things will warm up a bit soon.
to face my perils alone.”
His dirty, white hair littered with loose gravel
Day 6 - Favourite Professor
Chet and Amanda met 3 years ago via the internet. When they met they instantly clicked and have been together every moment since. They enjoy going to see all that Missouri has to offer and they also have a menagerie of pets to keep them entertained. Amanda is a braillist for a living at the local elementary school while Chet works with HUD to provide a housing program for families on disability. Even before they met Chet and Amanda had a heart for missions and adoption. In 1993, and 1994 Amanda went to Hong Kong/China and Jamaica while Chet has been to Peru and Uganda. That said, after becoming foster parents recently, Amanda realized she has a real heart for the orphans of Eastern Europe. So when she came across Reece’s rainbow she was hooked!
I *think* that covers it. I was bummed that I didn't get a picture with her but I got over it.
There’s something about Spring that makes me itchy – not just because of allergies. I feel as if I need to get busy, send stories out into the ether and writing contests have always appealed. Why? Prize money, mostly. Who wouldn’t be lured by the prospect of a $3,000 first prize. Also, there is the appeal of exposure and possible publication. Then there’s always that desperate need to please, to be loved, and to be showered with accolades…
So how is a religious person convinced of his sin? We have found that it is not through argument or debate. Man’s words fail to accomplish spiritual things. The Lord must do it. From Titus 3:5 we see how He does it.
3 teaspoons cinnamon
The millet is coming along very well. The budgies have been enjoying the chickweed that I am growing for them on my balcony. They clear the whole plate of it when I put it out. Admittedly half of it ends up on the floor. Very messy eaters these fiends.
Usually, before I draw the final comic or graphic novel pages I make thumbnails of them first with the dialogue for each panel and notes scribbled on the margins, so adding scripting before all that was a new approach to me.
I won't mince words here: Disney has not had the best track record when it comes to over-compensating with its budgets. Remember Treasure Planet? Remember The Emperor's New Groove? Remember The Black Cauldron? These were other Disney flicks that had big budgets, but also were big losers in terms of earnings. That's the unfortunate side effect of trying different, unusual things in movies, but also of getting used to having big successes from things you think are sure fire. Then again when you film a movie, change your mind halfway through then scrap it and start over... that's painful to try and understand, but it seems that it just doesn't matter if Disney Studios learns its lesson or not, since they make the same mistakes over and over again. Thank God they have Mickey and Donald to fall back on....
We had 2 card entries for this contest! Thank you to Maria and Therese for entertaining me! I loved how you both incorporated my curve ball (aka Teal) into your creations! Too, too cute! You can click on these ladies' names to check out their blogs!
First off … the pictures make my mouth water.
14. Dog buy rum, cow drink am, hog in sty get drunk. A matter may not concern someone, yet he or she gets involved.
And it’s no ordinary birthday: I’ve decided to make Ebon Hawk heir, and since she’s becoming a young adult that means that in just a moment I’ll be controlling her and Lincoln will be left to free will.
A president's choices of action affect his bargaining power, his professional reputation, and his prestige. Since so much depends upon his choices, a key question is how a president husbands and preserves his latitude to make choices.
I no longer drink cocktails out of sports bottles (usually), and I don't have a jean jacket anymore, but I still occasionally get nostalgic about my early days of cocktailing when what my drinks lacked in style and preparation they more than made up for with ingenuity and longevity.
From here, you continue to make the same knots, ALWAYS MAKING SURE YOU LEAD WITH YOUR LEAD LENGTH!
This little token makes me officially very close to ending my journey to 25.
A writer’s life comes with its fair share of frustrations and a lot of struggle, that’s why it becomes important for writers until they make it big to cling on to their day jobs or atleast have a part time job. This assures a regular income and security while one is struggling to establish a writing career.
Dynasty is the favorite spot for travelers. The hotel is adorned with aquatic colors and even has live roosters for alarm clocks. The redeeming factor is the food. The restaurant prepares cheap, local fare that is delicious. The location is also ideal. From here you can rest and take an afternoon trip through the city center and to the docks to reserve a ferry for the next leg.
Make yourself happy and make your life worth living. Of course, I know it is easier said. Try appreciating your life and people around you.
Gods and Goddesses, please be with The Heir.
I prefer the Big Daddy IPA to this, but then again that is because I don't really like - yes, you've guessed it - amber ales.
Barely a week ago, KMDA evicted a number of makeshift shops adjacent to the EM Bypass road to facilitate extension of the road. A new wave of eviction in Nonadanga has become imminent as KMDA came along with 7 vans of police force and told people to leave ‘Majdoor Colony’ a couple of days back. People resisted on that day, successfully. Yesterday, minister of Urban Developement, Firhad Hakim came and told that a couple of colonies would be evicted on the next day. Police vans, Bulldozers arrived.
West Brom managed by Roy Hodgson won at Anfield last week too, which means they are now 3 points off Liverpool as well. As one person on Twitter joked, “This is Liverpool , don’t forget your 3 points on the way out”
So how was your Monday?
I'm so excited your new book is coming out in Kindle edition-any chance you can talk the publisher into putting your first book out for Kindle as well? I requested it on Amazon, but who knows if they see those things.
The only reform in ballot access in the last 20 years occurred because the Bush campaign tried to keep John McCain off the New York Primary Ballot in 2000. A Federal Judge ruled after the McCain campaign took the Republican Party to court, to eliminate the need for ADs, EDs and totals on nominating petitions cover sheets. Judge Edward Korman who also ruled that candidates can correct their petitions cover sheets for defects after they are submitted to the Board of Elections, did more then any Good Government group to make a very restrictive ballot access system a little bit easier for challengers.
Maybe he wants something far simpler, something much deeper, than our performance, our attempts at trying to be good little boys and girls for Him. Maybe He just wants us to believe Him when He says, “I love you.” and let our hearts flutter like giddy school girls whose worlds have just been turned upside down—forever.
I now realize that this is what social media is all about. It is certainly what the 25-year-old Twitter users with 150,000 followers have understood from the start. Social media is about more than connection, it is about connecting on common ground. It is about having a conversation with like-minded souls on a specific topic. Did my 1500 plus Facebook friends who do not live in my town respond to my post? No! Because I wasn’t talking to them and they knew it. Most of us are like the guy on the off ramp with the sign that says “Will work for food… God bless.” His message is generic and displayed without purpose. Thousands pass him daily with little interest in his message. When we start joining conversations based on topic, geography, ideology, brand loyalty, etc., we can then make connections with individuals on a personal level. They will buy our products, align with our beliefs, and drink our Kool-Aid. And by the way, if you happen to pay someone to tweet, post, or manage your social media, you have missed the point. In order to effectively use social media, you must be authentic and be willing to participate in a conversation. If you are the only one who is doing the talking, you are talking to yourself.
I am ashamed to admit that I have found myself inflicted with the "Keeping up with the Joneses" syndrome. The prospect of vacationing with someone whose means are much more abundant than that of my own has caused me to feel inferior. It is with great disappointment and sadness that I admit this.
Chapter 10 occurs in the third year of Cyrus. Daniel has now been in Babylon 69 years. (That means people have already been sent back to Jerusalem to rebuild the Temple)
“Are you alright,” he said, in a voice that was even more softer than his face. “We need to get you to hospital”
“He continued his work in the chicken industry until he was sent papers conscripting him into the Japanese Army in August 1941, four months before Pearl Harbor.
If I was not an organist, I would most likely be a physical trainer of some sorts. I played soccer and ultimate frisbee in high school and would lift weights every day after school for 2 hours. Fitness is an important aspect of life to me.
WASHINGTON: Factory activity rose in China, the US and Germany in January, and the three manufacturing superpowers drove gains in global output even as Europe struggles with fallout from its festering debt crisis. However, crumbling global demand …
So a couple of weekends ago when a bunch of mommy friends and I were at Mz. Ruby Jane's 4th Birthday/Pinata Bashing Fiesta, I let it be known that for my 39th birthday (which is looming EVER larger), all I really wanted to do was to get all the girls dressed up (like we used to do) and go out to eat at a nice/swanky scene-worthy restaurant (also, like we used to do) and go enjoy each others' buzzed company (yes, like we used to).
The rooster crowed so incessantly that eventually he just became background noise to the crashing surf. Neither bothered us. But then, we were living an idyllic week on the Hawaiian Island of Oahu. Bother? Hardly!
Tyler always LOVES a party for his birthday. Sometimes that is a little hard for me to swing, but since LaVar and Judy were also in town, I thought it would be a good excuse for extended family to come for a visit. When we starting talking about it, the girls decided they really wanted to rent a cotton candy machine a bounce house. I think maybe the bounce house was for them, but the cotton candy machine?
The flowers stamp is by Viva Decor. This is one of my favourite stamps which I got last year, and so I'm playing at Simply Create. It is stamped using Versacolor and embossed with holographic ep. The paper is a free download from a UK magazine. I printed this sometime ago and presently, I can't remember the title of the mag. And as usual, some distressing and inking on the edges.
Tomorrow is Friday, and I do so love Friday, and it's going to be like 70 degrees out, and life is nothing but good. love, Val
Gjellë comprises the main component of the meal and it is usually accompanied by a seasonal salad: lettuce salads, tomato, cucumber, and pepper salads in the spring and summer, and cabbage, olive, and roasted winter vegetables in the fall and winter. Bread is the third component of a typical Albanian meal. There are bread bakeries (Furrë Buke or Bukë) on every block and the bread is delicious.
I looked down at it and tried to will it back into stiffness.
A long time ago--well, nine years--I gave a friend a bottle of Fuller's Vintage Ale. That friend is taking his leave of Portland to go work in a brewery in either Texas or California and last night we toasted his journey with that old Fuller's. (It was a night of vintage sampling. We also tried 2008 Jubelales, Dissident, and Raven Mad and a 2006 Old Crustacean. The pick of the litter, clearly, was the old Fuller's.)
This is a traditional sticky powder, used as a pickle, done during "shraddham" days.
There’s that question again.
I surprised myself by how calmly I took the news; and really that’s been one of my biggest areas of growth in the past few years. It seems if you throw me enough whoppers eventually I learn to take a big breath and start dealing. So I bummed us a ride home, all the while soothing Maia, and pondering what to do if the boat
John came back in the ring, and was caught with the GTS and Punk pinned John to become the new WWE Champion. After the match, Vince called for Alberto Del Rio to cash in his Money in the Bank briefcase, he came out and was kicked by Punk, without the ball being called, so the match wasn’t official. Punk jumped into the crowd and left with the WWE Title and Vince McMahon is left standing beside himself.
And here´s another pic showing a bit more of the inside:
They know how a situation looks and sounds. Musician sensors know what will sound great, and how to manipulate their body to make that sound. Roller derby-playing sensors know where their teammates are at all times and understand how to move their body to hit a skater at just the right moment.
Pray boldly!
Your steadfast love, O LORD, held me up. (Even in that which hurts so much, He meets me with love, covenant love, hesed love.)
I'm now thirty-one but I still think about him. I don't want to see him again. But even now, after all these years, I still miss him, even though that sounds weird.
Adam Issac
EXCERPT FROM 'THE GREAT TORTOISE HUNT':
Next I measured and cut out the paper to the right size. I only had to use one 12x12" paper. The dimensions were 6 inches across so I only had to cut the paper in half and I could use whatever I needed.
And lastly, Jenelle @ Echinops and Aster posted a tutorial this week for an easy way to make EIGHT half square triangles at once. Yes, eight! I have not tried this method out yet, but it makes perfect sense and she has very clear instructions and photos to help. I intend to try it next time I'm in need of HSTs.
According to the auditor-general, in many cases government departments “deviated from the supply chain management process without necessary approval and awarded tenders or quotations to employee-related entities”.
So what exactly makes a good boredom food? Basically, something that takes up a lot of time while also adding up to a fairly low calorie count, and a really good boredom food combines the physical activity of destroying something with comfort of getting a treat for your troubles. Something small, where either your mouth or hands are busy the entire time, taking care of the fidgety part of the brain that so desperately needs to be satisfied. In general, you want something that is the opposite of potato chips. Think about it, you can scarf them by the handful and they are essentially a collection of everything that's bad for you; calories, fat, oil, sodium, preservatives...(No, I'm not going to allow you some leeway here by saying 'Hey, at least the potato part is good for you'. There's no leeway. They're horrible for you, accept it and move on.).
Their proper habits vaguely shown
ULTRAMAN ZEARTH debuts theatrically. After a hiatus, Ultraman returns to Japan’s motion picture screens. Since 1996, a new Ultraman theatrical feature has been released every year.
Benefits:
$2 Digi's
the bleeding slowed and eventually stopped.
First of all, knowing that money is a meaningful, dynamic flow we can choose to go with it rather than fight against it. Experience shows us that when we follow it, in other words, when we are willing to learn from our money flow, it supports us on our unique life journey and leads eventually to more freedom and lightness. And the other way round: when we fight against it, it often leads to stagnation or crisis.
Theresa Musgrove
I read the newspaper to make my life feel like it means something but I all I feel is the creeking of the floor as it awaits my dancing feet.
For example: $1,088 per adult based on adult double occupancy in a standard room at Disney’s Animal Kingdom Lodge or Disney’s Wilderness Lodge for arrivals most nights 10/1-11/23
He still can't put weight on his left leg, because the spinal mets make it hurt too much. Radiation hasn't helped him, and it's been a week. I give it a 50/50 shot that he gets out of our hospital alive to make it to hospice in Florida...
Exactly. It is the land they legally settled and bought themselves out of their own free will. Apartheid gave them self rule and fully assisted them every year with billions of rands.
of America with the new upgrade defense
As I started on the apples and stumbled upon an epiphany. I seriously need an automatic slicer. Not only did I nearly slice more than just the apples, it took quite some time to turn each already small apple wedge into four thin slices. And wasted time is not my friend when I’m baking late at night.
~Sengstan~
5. Police state (3:33)
In our price range we basically get to choose the accent color on the knobs.
And finally, I will award a prize for the most creative participant in the 2011 Annual Capsule Wardrobe Challenge.
2) I've had a LO published in a magazine
The big old screen door also came from
Source: The Jakarta Post
Kenny West (REP) 2.26% 42
Ha. Calling the government. That's funny!
*You can also find out if there is a Bookmobile and see if it can visit somewhere near your house once or twice a month. Often, Bookmobile checkouts do not carry fines for overdues, and I know personally how much money THAT can save. You can usually request the books and videos you want online, and the bookmobile will deliver them to the site you ususally visit. We are blessed to have the bookmobile come to our house...you could try getting a few families to commit to joining you and see if you can host a bookmobile stop, too!
But as his gaze cleared her he saw her say something saucy out of the corner of her mouth to the porter, and he realised she was just another Leningrad tart looking for a trick.
And to think it all started with one man, some postcards, and an idea. Frank Warren, the creator, wanted to collect secrets. He handed out some postcards, addressed to his house, and asked people to mail him their secrets. The idea caught on like crazy, and Frank Warren has been receiving postcards ever since. Secrets are about alot of things, but no matter what it’s about, who it involves, we will always want to tell someone. Frank gave us a means to do it anonymously.
Now Meghan will learn just how far she'll go to save someone she cares about, to stop a mysterious evil no faery creature dare face…and to find love with a young prince who might rather see her dead than let her touch his icy heart.
Here's a bit of an angled view . . .
Yes, there is considerable ambiguity in the term ‘improper’ and I am therefore going to illustrate.
I have used Basic Grey, Bazzill, Maya Road, Fiskars, Technique Tuesday stamps, and the
Well hello! Late night post!
Looking at the numbers of wheels I've painted and not yet posted, I can see that I'm in no danger of running out of content for this series any time soon. I'm pondering having a Nail Wheel Weekend at some point just to work down the backlog a bit.
ut
It's your typical thing
So after the first day, we surprised them by making up a song and singing it back to them every following night too! Not exactly rocket science, 'Four happy hikers climbing on a cliff, and if one happy hiker should accidently fall....' was one. But at least we can say that we did somehow sing our way up Kilimanjaro! Also we taught them an elaborate game of 'My grandmother went to market...' and played Rock paper scissors in return.
I looked down over the edge at the vast expanse of water far below.The muddy brown water was twinkiling and inviting in this devilish heat,but hell it was a long way down. “How far down do you reckon?” “Bout six fifty maybe seven hundred feet” replied Milligan as he tossed a pebble into the air. I watched it tumble down until it was no longer visible and waited for the splash in the water below.It hit the dirty water and sent out a ripple that sparkled in the blazing sun. “Nine seconds” said Milligan “Well it seemed a lot longer than that to me” “Yip! The longest nine seconds of your life” “How deep you reckon it is?” “There just aint no way to tell,but I dont see no rocks, they could be under the water but there aint no way to tell” he replied
It totally is "sweet 'n light, juicy 'n bright" as the bottle says.
Have a good night. I'm off to bed.
Viewed through this lens, free-market price theories don't even work well in most real-world consumer markets. But they apply even less so to crime and punishment, where none of these assumptions are true. According to this ill-conceived metaphor, the crime rate represents demand for illegal behavior, the "price" for which is the level of punishment. What's more, the government is the supplier not of the thing "demanded" by consumers, but of punishment (read: price), which uncouples the relationship between supply and demand beyond recognition in traditonal economic terms. Let's run through the various, flawed assumptions on punishment as price-setting in the criminal justice system.
And THEY, the ninety-nine will pay the price
And after that, it was off to the forest!
Please forgive my absence for the last few weeks or so ... The Christmas and New Year period just seems to get busier and busier with less and less time to do everything!!
The point is that businesses of all sizes could count on predictable consumer habits. Even if a small business’s budget didn’t allow for a multi-page advertising insert, added value could be gained just by showing up at the party.
Vineyard Brands Château Beaucastel Chateauneuf du Pape Rouge '08
"The woodlands where my race has bred
The King's Speech won.
I do have some reservations about The Forgotten Waltz. It’s not a lengthy novel, at 225-ish pages, but towards the end I did start to feel that something else needed to happen along with the wrapping up (although in some ways the whole novel is a wrapping up). The affair is set in the Irish housing bubble and subsequent bursting of it, and more could have come of this by making Gina and Seán’s relationship itself fully contingent on the sale of a suddenly and massively devalued house. Gina also dips occasionally into caricature—the white-wine-drinking female professional in a man’s world—and I wondered whether Enright had never quite made up her mind whether she liked Gina or instead despised her and the rest of her circle for their consumerism, the way they measure everything in terms of cash (the house Gina buys with her husband Conor “was going up by about seventy-five euro a day”), and their constant assessment of their status. An author disliking a character isn’t necessarily a problem, but an author’s ambiguity can produce an uneven semi-empathy that startles readers when it is snatched back.
Africa Christian Action
Hmmmm. I did okay. I tend to get busy with my week and forget about my goal. ;) I do have to say one huge accomplishment this week was skipping the fries at Wendy's and ordering one of their new sweet potatoes. It was really good. Maybe not quite french fry good...but it was good!
As for the "youth market" portion of the film, Gleason's daughter just happens to be an up-'n-sprouting hippie chick of the Gloria Stivic variety who hitches up with a '68 stock moom pitcher flower child played by John Phillip Law. This interesting subplot makes at least a small part of this flick an eerie precursor to ALL IN THE FAMILY with all of the proper components intact (Gleason as Archie, Channing as Edith...). With Gleason missing in prison, Channing opens her home to all of her daughter's hippie friends who proceed to "do their own thing" despite the objections of the local yokels who definitely want to keep their town nice 'n odor free.
Thank for understanding!!
Whew. Wow...okay. I think I'm better now. Thanks for letting me vent. I thought the top of my skull was gonna blow off there for a minute. Now for some stuff that's NOT making my stabby:
Irrationality is he
By yesterday morning, I woke up to my back feeling normal (as normal as possible when you're carrying a 7-ish pound weight in your tummy). And, I found I had caught the head cold Josh and Sierra dealt with last week. Cause nothing compliments end of pregnancy exhaustion like sinus congestion, headache and fever.
As for the current Steampunk fad for faux-Victorian Science Fiction, that's actually the opposite of Science Fiction. Its fans often try to link it to Wells and Verne, but there's no real connection; those writers understood the science of their time, and extrapolated stories from possibilities which it suggested; Steampunk is all about ignoring science and pretending the Victorians could have built robots, or whatever. Its look appeals to me as a setting for cartoons, or lightweight comedies like Larklight, but it's really just a sort of literary dressing up box, and I'm afraid it's not a very deep one and the costumes and props are starting to look rather threadbare...
I'm currently 162 pounds and moving more and eating less with most passing weeks.
- red backing card from the snippets folder
Hawkeye: I was disappointed that we didn’t get a lot of Clint’s true personality here. He was possessed for half of the movie. When he did come out though he was great, and his agony over being forced to attack his own people was palatable. Once he started kicking butt in the last scene they managed to use him well, and I really hope there’s a SHIELD movie or something coming up that will give him more to do.
Well today I am 17 weeks along with our little one. He or she is about 5" long from crown to rump, but if we measured from crown to toes I bet he or she would be at least 6" by now. Baby should also be measuring right about 5 oz- about the size of an onion or turnip. This week baby's cartilage is starting to harden to bone, although this process to complete takes a long time. Baby is also starting to gain a little bit of fat deposits under the skin to help regulate body temperature when he or she is born. Baby can also yawn this week, so we might be able to see that when we get our ultrasound done next month!
Why not come along, relax and enjoy the performances and some delicious food while raising money for a great cause? Tickets are £10 and you can find out more about the event here.
Unable to agree on what to call that body of water, delegates from the two East Asian neighbors have come home bruised but unbowed from last week’s meeting of the International Hydrographic Organization In Monaco.
And rival anything on show
The dhabas have become rare now and I miss the little tandoors which used to be a part of almost all localities. We still have some in other parts of Delhi but South Delhi lacks such simple pleasures as far as I know.
There will be photographers shooting the jumps and the best jump’s photo will be featured on a special, limited edition beer label on Independence’s Freestyle Wheat Beer. The winner not only gets the glory and bragging rights for winning, but will be featured on this special edition label distributed throughout Central Texas. Additionally, the brewery will donate $1.00 from each case of Freestyle Wheat Beer sold through September 15th to the Friends of Barton Springs Pool, a project of the Austin Parks Foundation.
still asleep upstairs
With great local company and even a black and white dog to boot we blew the froth of a few last night and I think we may even have succeeded in giving the great man a hangover..........gasp!
And, as a final swipe at the trope, let me ask this question: who the hell is designing this zombie plague? Why? If the objective is to create a devastating biological weapon, why make zombies? A hyped-up version of the flu, anthrax, or smallpox would kill *far* more people, be easier to deploy, and, what’s more, give you an easier time when you came in to mop-up and claim territory (which is what all good weapons are supposed to let you do, you know). If the objective is to make some kind of super-human soldiers, why make it transferrable? You don’t want your opponents in a conflict to ‘catch’ your super-power, do you? If the objective is to infliltrate or control society, why make zombies? Zombies are freaking useless slaves. Why not simply infiltrate society with very *appealing* creatures and take control that way. Society is compelled by smiles and pretty faces, but repelled by blood-stained, drooling monsters.
o New fascination with science experiments, sign language, geography, computers, and banking.
Ann: I’d ask what was wrong, if she felt bad or had any pain and she’d say no. You can’t go to the doctor’s when there’s no sign anything is wrong with you. I thought it was just Claire being a worrier. But she kept saying something was there, for years and years.
If a mid year production change is identified by the month and year of manufacture, you will find this information on the plate attached under the hood or on the door jamb which also contains the vehicle identification number.
This is a box I've been looking forward to adding to my group breaks for awhile, the early 2000s Stadium Club cards are a lot of fun. Once again, Topps doesn't give specific odds, but there is the possibility of some great autographs in this box! Other things to look for:
Kona Brewing Co
During every League of Legends tournament, I root for CLG.
Forgive the tired look in the photo, I didn’t have a chance to get a picture until after a very long day at work. :(
Loren is also the author of The music industry book, “The Artist’s Guide to Success in the Music Business.”
It rained the night before and into the morning. I woke up thinking that I really just wanted to slip right back into my warm bed. If one of the two other guys in my carpool bailed I would have gladly conceded the run yet called him a wussy anyway. That's what friends are for c'mon. Deep down though I did not want to start my birthday, my 39th year, being a wimp and was glad no one bailed. The trails were worse than I imagined, I've never seen them like that. After the initial climb where I was at many points breathless from struggling uphill against the mud, I got to work and pushed it to my last gear. Despite getting lost between the last aid station and the finish where I added at least a mile, I snuck into 10th. Had a grand time in those conditions finishing right behind pals Chris Perillo and Eric Wilson. A bummer on getting lost but it was what it was.
Level 15: Damage: +15%, Critical Rate: +15%.
Mohammed, Olusegun Obasanjo
My daddy carried me in and out of the van but it wasn't easy. I don't know how Karen is going to manage on Thursday when she takes me back to get cleaned up. They have to wait for the holes from the tubes to close so soap doesn't get inside me. I think I'll be stronger by then and maybe be able to at least get my front paws up and she can just give me a boost. She tried picking me up tonight like the technician showed her, but said I was heavy and that was when she had lots of room to work, not like getting me in and out of the van.
For the one who is afraid of their own grief- which may be very fitting for them in that moment- anyone else’s grieving may be interpreted as a threat, as a shame, as an outrage. Other people’s grieving can be contagious- very literally- and so one who is afraid of grieving- ashamed of it- may reflexively suppress the grieving of others.
Following the first round, Sarkozy is 1.5% behind Hollande, who polled 28.63% of the vote.
Last July, Dan Farber objected — politely, gentlemanly, pointedly — to the tight focus of Paul Clarke's session on applejack at Tales of the Cocktail. Clarke, an avuncular editor of Imbibe magazine and a frequent speaker at Tales, stayed on topic. Where are the European-style eaux de vie in this conversation? the California distiller wanted to know. Where are the other orchard spirits that American distillers have been making?
* Lighter colours should be used for areas you want to accentuate such as the tops of cheeks, under eyes, under browbone or in the cupids bow on above the lip.
UPDATE 3/1:
In a classroom, Helen hears 2 other classmates discussing a story about a person who was so high, they roasted an infant because they thought it was a turkey. Why the heck are so many of these slasher flicks centered around urban legends? After being told that our film takes place in Chicago, the setting changes to another classroom in which people are talking about urban legends. The legend THIS time is the old chestnut about alligators living in the sewers of major American cities.
So Simon bundles me into a taxi and we end up sitting there for three hours before the doctors decide I have managed to give myself severe concussion and shouldn’t be left alone for 48 hours. Unfortunately I live alone so end up going back to Simons…
“You’re such a Yank,” manages to say between bouts of laughter. “That’s why they look at you funny. You talk like an American. Plus you dress like a boy.”
11:45 a.m. – 1 p.m.– Lunch on your own
His performances against the Cash Money Oil Money Billionaires, Wolves and Everton were World Class. While Fabianski and Almunia were fighting for the number 1 spot, Vito Mannone and Wojciech Szczesny were waiting for their own chance to shine.
The WsIP stats:
So what I have, is some sort of cycling depression, that can take hold for days or weeks, but then I am fine for days or weeks. No real pattern that I can find. I dip down lower in the winter, but I still dip down a bit in the summer. But I just go with the flow. I adjust my days as needed, and don’t get upset (try not to anyway) when I don’t accomplish my goals. I feel so much as up-down me than I ever did flat and hollow or wired or shaky or sick on any type of mood medication.
When I saw that Alexia Foods had sweet potato tater tots in the frozen foods aisle (they are allergy friendly), I wondered if I could make an allergy-free tater tot hot dish and surprise my husband with his favorite dish, but a version that is a bit healthier and allergy-free. I knew my husband would be happy with me and I figured that my little guy would like it, too. (It is very kid friendly, according to all of my Minnesota friends who grew up eating it). I think this recipe turned out good! Of course, not exactly like the original but close enough that my husband had a big smile on his face after eating it.
Yes, I do the lottery, although not every week. I've never won anything substantial, although each time I play I'm convinced that this will be the one.
"He had sought about for a woman to help each time he had been down to the village with his loads of bark, but there was none to be found.....And the man himself was no way charming or pleasant by his looks, far from it; and when he spoke it was no tenor with eyes to heaven, but a coarse voice, something like a beast's.
And talking of finishing: really, Barbara, I couldn't manage another thing – not even another date! Thank you so much for having me; what a generous host you have been, and what a great time I've had on this feast of a blog!
It is therefore useful to review the factors that would seem to support higher, or at least stable precious metal prices, and those which point in the other direction. It should also be remembered that prices for silver, platinum, and palladium, the white metals, will turn in large part on economic conditions since they all have industrial applications.
Please let them learn to serve you always in thought and deed.
And then there are the five children they had that were also VERY much there as well.
Gee, Another neocon-ish guy.
bacon, cooked and chopped
slow, and the Negro watches it grow in the gray air,
Scrape the batter into loaf pan and bake for 45-50 minutes or until browned on top and a knife inserted into the center comes out clean. Cool for at least 20 minutes in pan before turning out onto a rack to cool completely.
It’s truly fantastic and amazing- art is being intertwined with video games. Honestly, I think it’s beautiful.
1144. – Whitney & Joey Fleming’s Amazing Wedding –
Johnson is working on summer preschool work and doing very well at it. He has become so responsible. He is in charge of letting Boomer out and getting him into the car. Recently, he has asked us many questions and it is wonderful to see him reason about the things he observes around him.
When my eyes were able to finally focus on the field they then quickly drifted to the flock of birds flying over the players. Each time the ball was hit my eyes would follow the ball up into the sky and somehow end up following a bird flying away.
The "backpack" analogy was first told to me by a Viet Nam veterans' counselor. Everyone has their own backpack to carry around, all day, every day. In this backpack we place rocks (burdens). Sometimes we pickup a big, heavy rock, like the loss of a friend or loved one. Often we pickup small ones like the laundry cart that dings your new car. While the small ones don't weigh much individually, continually picking them up and tossing them in your pack will soon outweigh a boulder. Some of us carry rocks made of anticipated burden.
Previously, on Traitor Jack:
Seasons pass by from summer to winter.
Do not comply
I thought I understood Bonnie Kaye’s lies completely. (I have BOXES of her hateful books, after all.) With Bonnie Kaye it’s all about the money and always has been. It’s also came as no surprise that Bonnie Kaye prefers the women that worked at Airleaf when it closed to the man that left 18 months earlier. Now I’m the mastermind of Airleaf? You decided that two years later?
Thank to you all who entered Nicola's Shaker card challenge, and, as ever there were some gorgeous entries.
That’s not to say the government’s right to promote the common good was limited to enforcing the social contract.
his stomach
*Edit - Alexandra has offered to send the winner a signed bookplate too!
More significantly, this all-white band hailing from Kansas City, Missouri have the distinction of being the very first American reggae band to be invited to play at Reggae Sunsplash. Their blazing set of ska and reggae covers and originals as dawn was rising over Jarrett Park on August 15, 1982 is legendary. They earned two encores from the crowd of 20,000 Jamaicans who were mesmerized by their 'blue eyed reggae.' Their Sunsplash performance was recorded for the LP 'Alive In Jamaica' released in 1984 which was nominated for a Grammy for best reggae album in 1985. The record's highlight is a blistering live version of 'Nancy Reagan'(see video below).
We're thinking about adding loads of shelving in here at some point, so getting rid of the window made sense. I convinced Adam to leave the ceiling unfinished and just paint it (we got rid of that fiberglass insulation though). I figure drywall is really heavy, I'm short and it's a storage room. In other words, the cost-benefit ratio isn't good. Painting the ceiling the same colour as the walls will help it blend in and adding some simple trim along the tops of the walls will help it look more 'finished' (we're thinking thin pine strips painted the same colour as the walls/ceiling). This beautiful artist's rendering of said trim gives you an idea of what I'm talking about:
Combine the fruit.
And she has no worries about her two nephews getting into college someday, if they so choose. My sis had a non-traditional education, spending most of her time on ski slopes rather than in a classroom, so she completely understands how following your own passion, doing what is right for you,
The crowds then retreated towards Pudu. The retreat is so slow-moving like a snail – because of the high density of the crowds. Some are pushing, some fell down. Some fainted because of the gas is so powerful. It not only affects your eyes, and throat, its affects your movement as well.
They prove it
The treachery, the envy of wives, the pretension, the ugly collision with ivy leaguers, the nepotism, the patriarchy, and at the end of the day it could be cover your ass time CYA indeed! breaking up paper trails and sending SEC overworked underpaid unwelcome agents off the tracks and into the nowhere like stairs leading up to nothing but the ceiling. Pyramid schemes gone off into our pockets to smooth the uninformed into guaranteed momentum carrying forward until you cannot hide from the stink of it, then all falls back upon itself and all the numbers crunched up and digested by the shameless sociopathy of some faceman who knows only how to relax and calm nerves with a word or to of self-flattery and shoddy use of street science, yet unable to back up and continue to act like you know. Because you don’t know.
It looks like Stephanie is still on course to graduate at the end of May, first of June-ish. There will be great celebration, and we will probably do the Myposian dance of joy.
Coming from a Jewish background, tossing around guilt was practically a sport in my family. I remember around twelve years old I formally started studying for my Bar Mitzvah. Even at that tender young age religion and God just didn’t seem believable to me. I needed to see something concrete. However four years earlier I’d say the same bedtime prayer up to ten times in a row until it was perfect. I wanted to make sure God accepted it so all the people I wanted him to bless would not die the next day. Notice a little OCD working here?
Suddenly, my little friend has tipped the balance of power in the room. (Wonder if it’s possible to sleep with TWO eyes open?)
3) Animaniacs
But when Forest City Ratner renegotiates a deal with the Metropolitan Transportation Authority to save much more than that--well, that's buried in an un-bylined short.
See you tomorrow.
Hi there! I'm back with another take on this week's Make-it-Monday Challenge on Nichole Heady's blog. This time, I decided to use one of my own photos for my color inspiration. I was in Target the other day when I ran into this collection of gift wrapping. I instantly fell in love with the color combo.
So I guess the moral of this tale is that even though track record is the bottom line, you can't take an agent's track record at face value. If you don't recognize the publishers or book titles, research them--and not just online. Go to bookstores and see if you can find the books, or other books by those publishers. Check P&E. Write to Writer Beware.
Cute right?! Well, Wild Juniper has been so generous as to send one for Ashley. For those of you that don't know, Ashley is a photographer... and I can already see a photo of her little man snuggled in a sea of brown, wearing this onesie, and a tiny little mustache... haha. Now, hopefully you love this mustache onesie as much as I do, because Wild Juniper is giving one away to the winner as well! The winner will get the onesie shown... in one of the sizes below.
But, it was actually pretty enjoyable. The story involved gypsies, switched babies, a long-standing vendetta and 2 guys vying over the same rather large woman--all of which I believe to be standard plot devices in any given opera. I spent about 75% of the time following the plot and taking in the music, and about 25% thinking about what I needed to clean up when we got home, what groceries I need to buy, what my workday will be like tomorrow, sex, whether I will ever finish A History of God, and why I have such a bad crick in my neck.
Yet, here she is, a woman who has gone on to make the second act of her life an even bigger triumph than the first, which is no mean feat. Surely that must make her smile?
You know how to get what you want out of life, and you know how to avoid working for it. You're a charmer.
Beat the cream cheese and butter with an electric mixer at medium speed for about one minute. Add the vanilla and beat one minute more. Reduce the mixing speed to low, and add the powdered sugar about 1/2 cup at a time. Once the sugar is completely incorporated, beat at medium speed for about two minutes or until fluffy.
mind 40 years later when he had that T-rex snatch
The District Attorney’s assuming personal control of an ongoing—and scarcely begun—police investigation fundamentally transformed the case. Appointed to the office in 2005 despite a pattern of emotionally unstable behavior during his half-decade sojourn in Traffic Court, Nifong appeared destined for defeat in the upcoming May 2 Democratic primary.
For starters, Jesus not only claims to be the exclusive way to the Father he also says that he is THETruth and THE Life. This wasn’t the only time where Jesus called himself the Life:
–no factions. It’s server vs/ server vs/ server (3 servers against each other) and each week scores are tallied and winning servers are matched against the other winning servers (loosing w/ loosing).
Let me start with a example. First, a healthy heart:And then, Owen's heart:Actually, it's not so much as his heart as it is his aorta...which is really a blood vessel that comes off of the heart...ok, scratch that diagram....
Chris Hirschfeld focuses on helping families build and protect their personal wealth while assisting business owners with their executive compensation, business continuity and business succession plans. He is a registered representative with OneAmerica Securities and an insurance representative with American United Life Insurance Company, both OneAmerica companies. Hirschfeld has an undergraduate degree from the University of Notre Dame and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Chicago. He resides in Indianapolis with his wife and two children.
As European civilizations progressed and depended more heavily on shipping for trade, guilds formed to protect their interests from loss due to shipwrecks, fire and even pirates. Marine insurance became an industry, and in 1688, Edward Lloyd’s Coffee House, a small shop on London’s Tower Street, became known as the prime gathering place for ship captains, ship owners and merchants. The shop earned a reputation as the place to go for the most up-to-date shipping news and, eventually, marine insurance. It was where the modern concept of an insurance company came into being.
My point of writing this blog post was to thank you for your support. And to tell you that I already miss you. I was never planning on going anywhere for long, but this little break has been good for me, but I'm ready to film and upload again! I miss it already! LOL.
Dr. Richard Wiethoff did my surgeries and if it wasn’t for him, I wouldn’t have the two kids I have. I lost four babies. Two died in utero, and they had to go in and take them. I wasn’t far enough along either time to have a burial. The other two I miscarried. I had two “D and C’s,” and the other surgeries were removing cysts off my ovaries and the endometriosis off of my uterus. He just kept cleaning me up to try to help me have children. A “D and C” is where they scrape the lining of the uterus. They clean out the inside of your uterus and get rid of what they call “nasty old junk.” It makes you more fertile. It makes the uterus healthier and better able to carry a child to term.
I’ve drunk a few fruit beers before. Bacchus, Fruli and the like, and have long known I quite like this type of fruity girly grog. You know what? I’m cool with that. It’s the 21st century, I’m happy with my feminine side. I have no more a problem drinking fizzy pink wine as borrowing a dab of the squeezes moisturiser after a shave. Shave. Google it. It’s what none beer geeks do. It involves razors and foam and stuff.
Second, look at the reaction the speech receives, both in the hallway—a mass walkout by Christian students, and then on the Huffpo comment section—where it is met with the same sort of responses that Gnus get from religious accomodationists: don’t upset religious people, for we want them as our political allies!
I am realistic, I know it won’t make me look 25 but if it knocks a few years off my appearance and makes me look fresher, I will be satisfied.
Makino “fixes” Domyouji? Is that what happens?
I might have jumped on the Mac bandwagon, but I’m still a blusher freak at heart.. so no surprises that my haul was mostly more Msfs and Mineralised blush. I got every Msf available on the site at that time! But I got a Soft and Gentle for my friend while Petticoat’s for back up! I was vacillating between Gold Deposit and So Ceylon, but ended up getting both =X
Consensus: The Three Stooges is not as bad as I (along with plenty, plenty others) was expecting it to be, but it still features tired jokes and a supporting cast that isn’t very funny either. However, if you loved The Three Stooges, and grew up watching them, then this is the film for you because anything that you could ever want from a Three Stooges movie is here, with the extra hit to the head with Moe’s hammer. Even though I did used to watch them and love them, the film is a little stretched out a bit too far.
This is written from a thick cloud of fluey fog. One that had me confined to bed for several days – an almost unheard of occurrence, and has left me with a delightfully rasping cough, which feels as if someone is grating my throat with a cheese grater, and sounds as if I’m smoking 60 Players a day. However, I am on the Up…
A new pony to ride, thanks to a great friend who is leaving. This one is a bit sad too, glad to get a new pony, sad that our friends are leaving but glad to have known them anyway. Such is the expat life.
Now, Lia Faith. After spending two weeks with the flu, Lia had her first visit to the International Adoption Clinic on January 12th. She also had a visit with a pediatric neurosurgeon on the same day. Needless to say, it was a long day. We left for Birmingham around 7:00 am and returned around 5:00 pm. There were many needle sticks, pokes, prods, and failed attempts at pee pee in the potty along the way! The drive to Birmingham was fine - Lia Faith slept most of the way. She seems to have no aversion to riding in a car seat. Good news considering that she will be making the trek to Birmingham several times in the coming days, weeks, and months. We were a few minutes late for our first appointment, but it didn't matter. The doctor was over an hour behind schedule and it was only 9:00 am! We didn't see the neurosurgeon until 10:30 am and since our visit with Dr. Chambers was scheduled for 10:00 am, we were late for that one as well. The neurosurgeon's assessment went about like I expected, though we did hold out hope that he'd come in and say "Oh, we can fix this here and now." That was certainly not the case. Lia has a fluid mass on the back of her head that was there when she was found. It is probably the reason she was abandoned outside a hospital. The docs want to get MRIs and perhaps a CT on it before doing anything. She will eventually have to have surgery to correct the problem and this may lead to complications itself. Needless to say, we would appreciate your prayers for Lia and for her doctors. She is currently scheduled for an MRI in February. She will be sedated for this, so that's going to be difficult for us. We'll know a little more by the end of February.
you can write to me,
But in the last decade or so, brewers have given barrels another look. Inspired by winemakers, whiskey producers and even lambic brewers, who never stopped using barrels, these brewers see oak barrels not as storage vessels but as tools that can make beer more complex and interesting.
50. Chug-A-Lug -- Roger Miller
It's funny the things that stay with us long after someone is gone. After the initial shock of the loss wears off, you remember the weirdest stuff, the most insignificant conversations. Replaying them over and over can make you nuts, but over time, there's always new information to be found in them.
I saw Anime in spanish yesterday; I was home alone and got bored so I turned on the tv that has a bazillion channels (because they have 2 tvs, one that is old and small, but in a more comfortable room, and a flatscreen that is nice and big, but in a more formal room. The latter gets satellite or something. wheee.), and on the cartoon channel they were showing some random anime I´d never heard of before. It was pretty amazing. I think it was called "Pretty Cure" and that got me curious. hahaha, it´s about 3 girls who have some super power and they fight in pretty dresses with shiny weapons. The monster they fought yesterday was in a baseball stadium which by the end of the episode did not exist...at all..but will undoubtably be in the next episode. But the monster...was made of baseball equipment! XD
Both films have us watch a (pre-recorded) video of a person who tells of their “visions of the future,” if you will. In The Terminator, it’s Kyle, who’s actually experienced the war of the future. In Terminator 2, it’s Sarah during one of her evaluations in which she sees/imagines the nuclear fire of Judgment Day.
camera swinging like wings of june bugs,
- Make financial plans – save for something or replenish that overdraft!
not to mention all of the everyday tasks we already have as wives, mothers, daughters and friends.
Established in 1820, this famous library is located in our land mark headquarters which has three stories topped by a magnificent skylight!
3. What culture does America want to have in the future? Here is reality: America is no longer a Christian nation from the standpoint of social norms and majority/minority consensus. I am sorry for those who desire it (and I am one of those), but the time has come to recognize that America is not a melting pot any longer. Nobody becomes an American like they used to: a culture change, but rather they maintain their culture’s way of life and those beliefs. I am not necessarily saying this is bad, however, nationalism is a way of the past – and maybe it should be, I don’t know. You can fight this all day long and you can try to legally get by it, but the time is coming when America will have zero traces of Judeo-Christian fundamental beliefs within the legal system and within our multi-faceted culture.
Superb spicy Southwestern cuisine.
From the Nahuatl molli , meaning "concoction," mole is a rich, dark, reddish-brown sauce usually served with poultry. There are many variations of this spicy Mexican specialty, usually depending on what's in the cook's kitchen. Generally, mole is a smooth, cooked blend of onion, garlic, several varieties of CHILES, ground seeds (such as sesame seeds or pumpkin seeds — known as pepitas ) and a small amount of MEXICAN CHOCOLATE, its best-known ingredient. (Some Americanized mole recipes use bitter chocolate.) The chocolate contributes richness to the sauce without adding overt sweetness.
Society demands they always look perfect. I appreciate the beauty of the hand that rocks the cradle, whatever state the woman may be in. Pregnant women are not misshapen in my eyes, they are flowering founts of humanity, blessed by God to share in his creation. Look at an older woman, and you can always see beauty there, if you look with a sense of humanity.
Right now I'm playing a mix of classical music, French and Spanish lullabies, and Classical Conversations Cycle 3 Cd. Every week or so I change the music keep some, delete others, and mix up the order.
to think, that I CAN burn like the brightest
This is a bad direction to go
After spending many hours driving guys and girls like him around, you get to know them. The power gradient is huge, of course - we're mere drivers, they're captains and captainettes of industry, but a personal relationship of sorts can spring from this thin soil.
And none will go to waste.
Martin said in an exclusive interview that they had already trained 600 crime information analysis officers and appointed them in high-crime-rate areas at police stations countrywide.
For someone, like me, who usually holds the iPad sideways (landscape orientation) the user interface then becomes quite poor. The icons are then put awkwardly to the side. It’s obvious that all the attention was put into using the iPad in a portrait orientation.
As I've been able to peice-together the events with my very rusty French, it seems that after the initial actions of Renouveau Francais, the arestees were replaced the next night (25 October) by about 140 Catholics including the trads and members of L'Action Français. Reportedly, there were more than 300 on the 26th (cf. the clip embedded above) and I have not yet been able to find out how many were present tonight. Fr. de Caqueray in his communiqué of 26 October, reported that the police response was to "[arrest] by the busload". Below is another video showing the police doing just that:
I'm off to do a little more weekend sewing!
Any War , whose commander is Lucher(useless), and his soldiers are Langeries(Cooks), can not be won….How it is…????Thanks.
17. Visions of Atlantis - The Secret
Elf ... USA ... 11 PM
In 2009 the floods in southern Angola killed at least 20 people .
We are the best of the best and blessed in abundance. We have been brought into life in a body that is lot more advanced and able compared to other living things. We have been gifted a supreme level of sight, ability to taste, listen, feel, emote and communicate like no other creation. We can learn, build, speak, think, rationalize, love, teach, and progress in life. We as a creation have greater ability to survive, fight, create, and experience several other things that other creations cannot. And with all these gifts combined we have evolved to a state of life in today’s world based on our own creations where we can fly, wirelessly communicate, compute, build amazing structures, travel great distances in less time, help others, eradicate diseases, make better living conditions, and leve behind several things for others to build upon. Yet, we complain, destroy, hurt others, cheat, lie, kill and insult our gifts, intelligence and abilities.
This charming if emotionally detached piece of creative non-fiction meanders between three stories: that of a middle-age woman dealing with the loss of a beloved sister and her own battle with cancer, that of the same woman’s conservatory building and gardening project, and that of the history of conservatories—from the private gardens of kings and nobles to the public institutions we know today.
(sees the empty bottle)
Basic Series Map Skills (Grades 6-8)
This is the impact of condemnation. Did he not feel something akin to the thousands of Jews at Pentecost? Peter accused them of crucifying the Son of God by wicked hands. That is what we read in Acts 2:23. He drove that point home in Acts 2:36.
To prepare cake, coat 2 (8-inch) round cake pans with cooking spray; line bottoms of pans with wax paper. Coat wax paper with cooking spray. Dust pans with 2 tablespoons flour, and set aside.
Europe also has a leg up over the U.S. “There will be a huge demand for global skills, and Europe and the U.S. won’t be able to cherry-pick skilled workers the way they have in the past. But Europe won’t be as challenged with climate change,” Harper says. The U.S., however, may not be so lucky. “The evidence is that the U.S. is going to be very environmentally challenged, and it won’t be able to compensate for its reduction in attractiveness as Asia grows.”
Are the Muslims who sign their postal votes over to the local imam to use as they see fit moderates or radicals? Are the Muslims who force their wives to cover their faces in public moderates or radicals? Are the Muslims who beat up journalists investigating electoral fraud moderates or radicals? Are the Muslims who murder their mothers for separating from their fathers moderates or radicals? Are the Muslims who take their 14-year-old daughters out of school to be married off to first cousins in Bangladesh moderates or radicals? Are the Muslims who think the British Army should not parade in Muslim-heavy areas moderates or radicals? And are so many people really so mentally sluggish as to believe that these people can simply be slotted away into one of these two asinine categories, as if we were distinguishing protons from neutrons, or cats from dogs? Is this what it has come to?
25 - If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
I say, “Oooh do you have magic powers?” I blink my eyelashes at him adoringly.
Bachman-Turner Overdrive II was a big record in Philadelphia that year, blasting from every suburban kid’s Pioneer car speakers- via 8-track tape of course- and no sooner had it begun its descent from the charts when Not Fragile appeared, cementing Bachman-Turner Overdrive’s reputation as the working man’s Rock Machine. Spearheaded by Roll On Down The Highway and You Ain’t Seen Nothing Yet (check out John Otway’s version from 1982, flipside to his take on Roy Orbison’s In Dreams- both songs are must-hears), this was BTO’s biggest album, and the perfect soundtrack to working class keg parties circa autumn, 1974.
Yours in reverence,
Odds: 10 to 1
$10 = 20 bricks
I don't know about you, but for my money, Cole's cartoons are much more entertaining than the comedian's jokes, even the great Danny Kaye's!
don't go back to the way we were... we take Who We Are Now and we flow and swirl
So, that's me signing off, a Fairy no longer
“I’m fine Don, I’m fine”
Thor's image was used by American entertainers Siegfried and Roy to market their shows with white lions and tigers in Las Vegas. In South Africa, Thor became part of a breeding project managed by Ghiazza and the Lion Park near Lanseria.
Lotus Renault GP (formerly the Renault F1 Team) is a fully integrated, state of the art Formula 1 Team competing in the Formula 1 World Championship. Comprising some 500 personnel, LRGP is a hub of motorsport excellence, employing some of the world’s leading minds in aerodynamics, advanced materials research, engineering and automotive design. The team’s HQ based in Enstone, Oxfordshire is also a centre of business excellence, home to leading professionals from the broad remit of business operational support, including Human Resources, Finance, Legal and Marketing.
Suber explains that there are two primary vehicles for delivering OA to research articles, OA journals (“gold OA”) and OA repositories (“green OA”). He goes on to explain the different business models behind these. Some use “author pays” approach (the fees are often paid by author-sponsors (employers or funders) or waived) while others have a subsidy from a university or professional society. OA journals can get by on lower subsidies or fees if they have income from other publications, advertising, priced add-ons, or auxiliary services. The OA movement has attempted to be seen as ‘constructive, rather than destructive’ in their criticism of the traditional publishing models. However, over the years, there has been significant resistance from traditional scholarly journal publishers.
Receiving INVITE X2 from Proxy1, Proxy2 works in a similar fashion as Proxy1. It forwards an INVITE request to Bob(note: Here Proxy2 knows the location of Bob. If it didn’t know the location, it would have forwarded it to another proxy server. So an INVITE request may travel through several proxies before reaching the recipient). After forwarding INVITE X3 Proxy2 issues a TRYING response to Proxy1.
- Take the RES Exam
“This mandate is going to wind up in the Supreme Court,” the South Carolina representative declared. “We can talk about the politics all we want to. I want to talk about the law,” he told Sebelius. “I want to talk about balancing religious liberty with whatever else you think it's appropriate to balance it with – because you used the word 'balance.'”
One theme I have been harping on over the past few months is that Republicans should not underestimate President Obama and his reelection campaign. In fact I do think that this election will be a hard election for Republicans and as of right now I think Obama is favored to win reelection. I think his State of the Union address is another bullet in the arsenal for those, like myself, who think he should at the very least not be underestimated.
Tuesday 25 September 2001
It's interesting when you write exactly what you want and tell yourself you don't give a care in the world to what people will think of it or YOU for writing it. Of course, it's one thing if you decide to stick that project in the drawer at the end of the day...quite another thing if you decide to publish the thing.
We also got appliances yesterday. They were a bit more work than anticipated. Our fridge came with an ice maker that we didn't know about so we got to run a waterline into the unfinished basement. This will be a nice feature in the summer when we're making jugs of margaritas in our Vitamix.
The Advocates
First of all, thumbs up to Philip Mukundi for getting this faster than me (he cheated at some point, only explanation :-p ). This third trailer is just epic. You get the scale, the feel of just what kind of monster; physically and psychologically Bane will be. Apart from that, we get glimpses of haggard, broken, worn version of Bruce Wayne and a frightened Batman… Anne Hathaway (Catwoman) gets a much more stronger presence in this trailer and one can only imagine what further role she’ll play in the movie… and also the mysterious role of Joseph Gordan-Levitt’s character…
Cesar Garcia, 36, New York, N.Y.
I got off topic here. Maybe I'd just vote for the person who makes the best Mac & Cheese...do food stamps still cover those, Newt??
With such a long and illustrious career behind you, what if anything, was unique about the Leonor Grayl “The Artist” shoot?
J: Jesus. He is my everything.
I liked Megan's slightly darker personality and could relate to her. I have also known many "Morgans" in my life as well. The male characters, hot smoldering Vampires, will have you falling hard, just like Megan.
When you shoot your camera toward a bright light
I have been reading recently about the "Market Hunters" that harvested wild game in the 1800's all through North America. There was a huge market for anything from bears to frogs and nearly everything in between that might feed the 76 million hungry mouths that populated turn of the century America. There was no season and no bag limit. The inexpensive meat was iced or salted and sent by rail to the cities where it was sold to the poor or prepared in wild game restaurants. So efficient were the killing methods developed, the disseminated flocks of avian life and throngs of wild beasts nearly vanished in a unthinkable cataclysm. If not for the efforts of naturalists and enlightened hunters in the waining moments of the 19th century much of our glorious native wild life would be nothing more than faded pictures on the pages of century old field guides and hunting magazines. The Migratory Bird Act of 1918 put an end to the slaughter of shorebirds like the plovers. The concept that natures treasurers were finite and belonged to nature and not to man's arrogant consumptive whims was revolutionary. I shudder to think, what if this new mindset had not caught on?
The MIC has selected Hindu Sangam president R. S. Mohan Shan, Universiti Malaya’s former head of Indian Studies Department Dr S. Singaravelu, the department’s current head, Associate Professor Dr S. Kumaran, MIC education bureau chairman Datuk Dr T. Marimuthu and former education ministry official G. Krishnabagwan to be in the panel.
Hi guyssss. I'm decided to blog. Hehehe. Ah, my part time job is over over over over. Happy max! ^^. I need a new part time job soon~
Four pairs of eyes swiveled to the massive boy’s chest. On his thick, white polo there was suddenly one small little red dot. To Nate horror, the spot was spreading, getting bigger. Through the hole that he had somehow torn in the boy’s shirt, Nate could see a tiny little puncture wound from when drops of blood fell….
to have flexible schedules
14. Bullseye (prod Theretracks)
p32 “Most people place a high value on abstract thought, but Buddhism has clearly demonstrated that discriminative thinking lies at the root of delusion.”
17. No Problems
I’m not afraid of anything at the gym.
The tasters:
Unfortunately for Julia and all teen girls, those advertising dollars keep our photoshopped magazine on the racks and pay our salaries.
If I was to choose my favourite word of the year that's about to finish it would be neither a neologism nor a slang term, but a quaint, short beauty I came across whilst reading The Road: "bivouac". It means "a military encampment made with tents or improvised shelters, usually without shelter or protection from enemy fire" and it encapsulates in its brief but complex spelling the tribulations that the two main characters in the book have to face on a regular basis.
In its favor, this novel uses Szereto’s spicy additions to explore and elaborate on the character’s motivations, thus legitimately reinterpreting Jane Austen’s story rather than simply jamming in the erotica. In fact, Szereto’s often humorous timing inserts itself throughout the book to include erotic flashbacks, as well as current sexual scenarios. The way Szereto’s new material can completely revitalize a well-known scene when inserted in the middle of the dialogue is delightful.
Darkness vanishes for ever!
How they deal with small issues (Children Bullying and Telling Tales: The Link ) is a great indicator. If they aren’t you will probably need to change school/daycare etc, but you’ve got to get the right place – otherwise things are just going to repeat themselves. (I know it’s not fair that the victim has to move and not the bully, it’s about protecting the victim first.) The key when you choose the next one is the amount of calm you notice. (The calmer the environment, the more likely the adults understand and are managing the children in their care.) Children should be purposely active, not manically active; the FEWER colours the better; and the FEWER toys and acitivities available the better. There should ideally be NO electronic noise or music either. It might be difficult to find somewhere like this, so look into alternatives like Homeschooling, Montessori and Steiner. There’s no harm in reading and asking questions. Ask lots of questions.
I went to see this movie, not knowing what to expect. the movie takes place in the future in a place called Panem. There has been some cataclysmic even that destroyed much of North America. Our heroine, Katness Aberdeen (Jennifer Lawrence) lives in District 12 which is the old Appalachia. There are dirty miners coming home from work, ramshackle houses, and a gate that keeps everyone inside.
I sat them both down and laid out my thoughts on it all, which went something like this: I am not ok with it. I will never condone or allow it. I do not want to ever see you high or doing it.You are not to have any type of drug or paraphernalia in the house. If I do find it on you or in your rooms I WILL report it to the community police officer. I will not take any responsibility for any trouble you get into related to its use. You are putting yourselves and your 3 year old sister at risk of social services taking action against our family if there are drugs found in this house, so I will completely comply with any social worker or police officer that wants to take action against YOU for YOUR poor choice. I will not pay court fines. If you steal anything (to pay for drugs?) I will report you. If it escalates to probation or juvenile hall, I will have no sympathy and I will not pay for any costs and I will not put any money on your books or pay to get you out.
I see a clearing up ahead in the forests edge. It's dusk and I hear the roar of an October wind as it hurries the sea over the concrete defensive.
Those two weeks my relatives were gone we repeated our secret erotic ritual two more times. Both times were wonderful but neither could rival the power and the feeling of that first one; I will always remember it with special affection. Every time I do, even now 46 years later I still get hard and drip. We discovered our sexuality together. We came of age and lost our innocence in a very respectful and caring experience. After those two weeks we never did it again, but we had a special bond that went beyond best friends. We shared a secret. Three months later I moved away to another neighborhood. I returned to the old neighborhood a few times during high school but it was never the same. a few years later I went off to college and we lost each other seemingly forever I thought. But I always thought of her in the 40 plus years that followed and I always wondered where she was.
I just planted this pink bottle-brush and will try to give it water during it’s first summer. After that it’s probably on it’s own, but the red variety I have near the barn has thrived with similar non-care. (Come to think of it, I think there is a leaky faucet near the red one.)
I continue to be humbled by the people who have reached out to me (and my family) in ways that I never would have imagined and have really touched my heart. I could live to be a hundred and not be able to repay their kindness. And then there are those who I thought would have been a support to us but have chosen not to be. It's beautiful and sad all at the same time.
- The recipes are tested by a dad of two. They are family- friendly recipes that you can make at home. And there are lots of explanations.
It's time for my 12 Kits of Christmas post with my April Kit. This month was hosted by MaryBeth and she sent some new "to me" things to work with! That is what is soo much fun with this group is that you get to share your goodies with 11 other ladies and see what each comes up with!
The grievance business has been good to Jesse Jackson, allowing the cheap thug to live the life of a degenerate zillionaire. But what goes around comes around. The same identity politics victimhood that put him on his throne has now saddled him with a lawsuit…
Evening Peeps,
And ... it's a party and what's a party without presents, right??!!?? We are so thankful to our generous sponsors who partner with us weekly to provide such wonderful prize packages for all of our fantastic challenge participants!
Often the agreement will include specifically the following conditions as cause for termination: overdue payments; bankruptcy, receivership or insolvency; change of control.
Grab a garbage bag and clean out your car. Vacuuming and cleaning the interior should be done 2-3 times/year, but let’s stick with home maintenance here.
I want to give my take on the five points raised by Secretary De Lima. In an interview with Manila Standard Today’s Christine Herrera, the former President said that “the uncertainty of not knowing her disease and if there is a cure for it was ‘killing’ her.” She continued: “All that the doctors could tell me is that I have an extremely rare bone disease,” she added.
When aKING embarked on their new album in 2010, they were ready to explore and venture into new territory. The Runaround, the first single from the band's third studio album The Red Blooded Years, shows off their formula of acoustic rock, distinctive vocals and riffs. There are also new sounds and influences that have crept in, with a distinct 80s feel shining through on many of the new tracks. The change has taken aKING to new heights.
everyone … has a guardian angel
The 2012 Opening Day Fantasy Squad cards are ok in my book. The fact that it's a Michael Young card is even better. I had Michael on a couple of my fantasy teams last year and it paid off. He provided good value for his draft position. Blah, blah, blah.
IDW received 11,569 preorders for Popeye #1 from comic retailers, prompting the company to print 13,400 copies. Those extra 2,000 copies quickly sold out, leading to a second print run.
1 T minced garlic
“If indeed this issue is not about God, why wouldn’t it make sense for Giles County to say, ‘Let’s go back and just post the bottom six?’” Urbanski asked during a motions hearing in U.S. District Court in Roanoke.
The cat watched him approach, amber eyes unblinking.
Pages: 274
However, that isn't the deal. It's not a deal at all because I can't buy the second bottle for 5 cents. I have to pay full price. I have to pay $6.99. That's $6.94 cents more for a bottle of beer than the bottle of wine. What does that say?
5:19: I think we have witnessed him at the exact moment of his greatest epiphany: Men like to hit things with sticks. Incidentally, there is a rumor in which that exact phrase will be the new campaign slogan for the Obama 2012 re-election campaign.
"If I will wash your feet, will I not wash your wounds?"
Tuesday was "Fat Tuesday," "Mardi Gras" or "Carnevale" in Italian. After our school work and bowling, the kids decided to bake some delicious cookies to indulge in after dinner. :-)
’Cause the band is sayin’ something.
The first signs of change, whether we are talking spiritually, psychologically, economically, culturally or atmospherically, are always heralded by instability. Anyone with half a brain can deduce that we are already well within the red zone in all of these areas, on a global scale. Weather patterns are changing dramatically, riots are breaking out in many countries, financial institutions are breaking down or under justified attack, disgust and desire to dismantle the political elitist hierarchy is growing, etc. We know this and I believe few would disagree with such statements (and I do strongly encourage all comments, even those that may challenge this viewpoint).
- a stand up comic and/or depressive with manic/depressive aspirations
When I was (much) younger I used to think of the CBC as some annoying thing that my parents listened to; except for the Vinyl Cafe, I always loved that. And Quirks & Quarks. Oh, and several other shows... I'm not really sure what turned me off CBC when I was young. Maybe it was just that I wouldn't be caught dead listening to it in front of my friends. But I know I would listen to it when nobody else would be able to judge me. So maybe I've really always loved the CBC. Especially the Vinyl Cafe with Stuart McLean. I've always loved the Dave & Morly stories.
The skirt was only $12.50, it's by Mia Hansen, who appears to be a Vancouver illustrator. I can't find anything about clothing that she's done, so maybe this was a one-off.
and lots of "Laguna Charm".
He says, "The guy is coming in an hour with a different one."
Cash is low startup, low commitment, low risk, guaranteed low return. You’ll get around 5-7% annually. Save this for when you’re 80 and you have no life (hence, no spending) and a weak heart. You could choose to play the currency market with your cash, but this changes it to high startup, high commitment, high risk, high return. It completely baffles me why old folks tend to play the currency market. It’s like playing a volatile version of the share market based on countries, with costly percentage based transaction fees and without the bonus of dividends. Maybe they’re just not keeping up with the times enough to understand the share market enough to play that instead.
You'll pretty much never see a landrover on an old V or W plate. In those years, BL was making the chassis and bulkhead out of the cheapest steel it could buy, much recycled, not a lot of new iron in the batch. Vehicles of this era needed patching so regularly that you could hire mechanics on powered skateboards to slide under the car during the commute to work and weld as you travelled.
They’re all hard in some respect or another, but, overall, Jeweled was probably the hardest book for me to write to date. I can’t really pinpoint a specific reason, but I fought with the characters of that book for the longest time, trying to figure what I was doing wrong, why the story felt forced. It took me much longer than usual to finish that book and I did a fair amount of rewriting. I really think I nailed it in the end, however, and I’m really proud of the work I did.
So, a couple years ago when I was teaching Oryx and Crake, the cover of the new edition the bulk of my students were using kept picking at my brain. It seemed so familiar, but I couldn’t immediately figure out why. The original U.S. paperback used art from the left (Eden) panel of Hieronymous Bosch’s triptych The Garden of Earthly Delights: an extremely appropriate choice (and one I would use as a way to bring past visions of ideal social arrangements vis-a-vis Christian myth into contrast with the novel). The new edition featured more futuristic and less obviously-related art that sort-of derailed my lesson plan. Here are the two editions.
Thank you so much for visiting. I always enjoy your visits, but today I want to tell you how I treasure the bonds and friendships I have made here. It has been difficult while Doug has been gone. You will never know how many nights I would be crying and missing him so badly and click on the blog. Sure enough, someone will have posted something I needed to hear. I have laughed, I have cried but most of all I made it through with YOUR help. Thank you my friends.
Hi there all of you Sugarplums! I'm Emily from Decorchick and am so happy to be a guest on Cassie's blog today. She is definitely one of the funniest writers in blogland, and I love some good humor. I like to think I am pretty funny, but she is way funnier.
Mix this all together and keep cold. Pick half a cupful of purlsane leaves, stir half of these into the yogurt, and arrange the rest on top. Eat with pita wedges or crackers or good bread.
nights spent at the drive-in theater
Maddux, our second oldest had pneumonia before I left for the first week. He was better before I left town and was able to attend school the entire time I was gone. This week, however, he seemed to be ill again and we confirmed a pretty serious ear infection at his doctor’s office on Tuesday. So, he missed school. He is getting better now. But, we’ve had many breathing treatments and lots of prayers for our Maddux.
Q: What are you reading right now?
and nobody will ever see you in it.
Wish me luck for The Sevenfold Spell!
Sunday' April 22' 10:00 - 5:00pm
It is wonderful to see that many students have now also used DreamBox Learning at home. When you go to our classroom DreamBox website, you do not have to log in at the top of the screen. Students can click on the Kindergarten icon below to start using DreamBox. If your child has forgotten his/her password picture, please email me and I can give it to you.
We that were friends to-night have found
My kids have discovered the joy in the humor of the window blowfish face.
The Table of Contents for the first issue includes:
16 - Charlélie Couture - Les ours blancs
Today I received the dreaded phone call. I held my breath, willing for the doctor to tell me that it wasn't terminal. That he would be fine. That he would recover. That we would have years left with our baby. It didn't happen.
Here's the deal on self defense. You have to be prepared everywhere, all the time. Laws that abridge your ability to do so are probably immoral and are definitely wrong-headed. There were 23 cops at this concert to keep order, and this still happened. There are all kinds of laws against what was done, but it still happened.
Is there anything that grabs your attention?
Debnance said: "Here are some highly recommended around the world reads that I've already read."
When a doctor is consulted, antibiotics may be prescribed. The person with an underactive thyroid could be prescribed a thyroid hormone supplement. An individual with tubercular laryngitis is treated with a combination of medications used to treat classic TB. For people with fungal laryngitis, a variety of antifungal medications are available.
His real name was Ebeneezer Scroggie, a Scottish merchant who died in 1836. Scroggie's tombstone was moved during redevelopment work and his real identity was temporarily lost and forgotten. His grave, now lies unmarked just off the city's Royal Mile. Edinburgh authorities plan to erect a memorial statue in his memory, which will be part of a guided tour.
It was NOT me that took 8 days to finish a weeks worth of laundry only to finally have it upstairs and still waiting to be put away causing a large mountain of laundry to have formed on our bathroom floors.
they eat without a sound;
Auster has cast the “anti-semites” into the fiery pit of hell: “Since I posted my critique of the anti-Semite ‘Tanstaafl’ the other day, I’ve been receiving a steady stream of e-mail from anti-Semites, all of them with suspiciously bland and generic names...” You really struck a nerve with him; I don’t remember him devoting two rapid posts to attacking a leftist in some time (and, of course, there was his queer Obama love-fest not long ago).
So remember, next time you see a Romanian, pull out your big anti-Romanian whistle and blow like there's no tomorrow before they do something really horrible, like ask for equal rights or citizenship.
03 HERE'S MY HEART (Pat Benatar) 6'13
Let’s talk about Skenazy’s notions again for a moment. Her basic premise is that while we need as parents (and as a society) to take some reasonable precautions, it is also extremely important that kids be allowed to actually experience life outside the purview of parents and other authorities – to have a little room to learn about things like self reliance, independence, and problem solving. Her example is letting her 9 year old son ride the subway in NYC on his own. What happened? I’ll quote from her site:
We were in so many positions that it is hard to remember them all … he on top, me on top, delicious oral sex for me – OMG, he has the best tongue and lips and can make me cum like no other. I really don't know how other bloggers recall all the delicious events because even though I wrote this only 24 hours after our trip, I can't remember it all nor give it the justice it deserves so forgive my poor recollection.
88. Past Perfect Leila Sales
In the season premiere episode of FAMILY GUY, “Powerball Fever,” the Griffins gamble and hit the jackpot, so FOX wants fans to get in on the action. Go to the official show website to enter for a chance to win money and fame in the “Great News! We’re Rich!” sweepstakes. Tune in to the season premiere, airing Sunday, Sept. 25 (9:00-9:30 PM ET/PT), where the winner’s name could be revealed during the broadcast!
Remember that bigger grills require more space to store and more time to clean. Bigger is not always better when it comes to grills. If you want a grill that is easy to clean, you will want to think about a smaller grill.
Saturday, 4/28: 5 hours (So so – could have done better on a weekend)
This is one of my favorite craft projects that I make. I paint the football helmet by hand. I call this one my "Buckeye Machine" instead of a bubble gum machine. I make them in various teams and colors.
It occurred to her that she was taking his honesty for granted, however implausible. Whatever his loyalty to his brother, he was a trained Gifted and he'd turned on mankind in the most dramatic way possible. Could Wildren manipulation explain that? What would she do if it was Rel under threat? Well, that much at least was obvious; he'd have no truck with her breaking the rules for him, and probably wouldn't even thank her for the rescue.
So yes. Help is always given to those we assume needs help, whether they asked for it or not.
- 2 eggs per person, lightly beaten
“The ‘best’ man I met in my final year of being single in Manchester, a doctor, ‘forgot’ to tell me he was married until a few weeks after we met in a nightclub.”
Our local Normandy Veterans Association are interested because they make various pilgrimages to the Normandy beaches and Commonwealth Graves every year. Any spaces on these trips would be available to members. Be warned though ... these old boys can be a handful(they smoke and drink). On one of their trips, one of their comrades passed away ... and they put him on the coach to bring him home ... without telling the driver! The police pulled them over on the motorway!
This post is about Christianity and politics. If either of those topics get your goat, then this one might not be for you. If you’re intrigued, read on.
I'll stand before the Lord of Song
Hannah Cebull won the 1 mile
Although more famously know for the making the glass flowers exhibited at the Harvard Museum of Natural History, the father and son partnership of Leopold (1822-1895) and Rudolf (1857-1939) Blaschka also made numerous marine invertebrate glass models. Some of the first models they made were sea anemones in the early 1860’s. The Natural History Museum (NHM), London purchased their first set around 1865 and holds over 185 Blaschka glass models consisting of anemones, sea slugs, jellyfish, octopus, squid, protozoans and corals representing their entire model making career. The models were made in a variety ways with many formed over wire skeletons (known as armatures) with the glass fused together or glued. Profiled in various scientific sales catalogues such as Henry A. Ward’s they were to sold museums, universities and private collectors by the Blaschkas themselves and various agents who worked on their behalf worldwide. In the past these models were of scientific importance in teaching but as trends change their significance as works of art are also being highlighted. Each glass model is a unique blend of art, science and craftsmanship looking more life-like than real specimens whose natural colours may fade when stored in jars of preservation fluid over time. This highly illustrated lecture will give a fascinating insight to this collection housed at one of the major natural history museums in the world.
-Infections: Check!
Do you have a version of a 'Bored Jar' ? I would love to hear what you do with your early finishers!!
As we got closer and closer I was so excited to see my parents. "I can see my house from here!" I shouted.
And now I can’t get this interaction out of my head. I wasn’t heading to a movie. I wasn’t going out to dinner as I’ve been before in this instance. I was walking into the coffee shop with exactly the amount of money I needed for one cup of coffee. I picked that change from the bottom of my dresser drawer.
What a night, even for this 27-year old native.
"Where??" I am guided by the elbow by Sally to a room downstairs. She leaves and students file in. What is going on? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I ask students in the room to start their presentations. Mid-presentation, other teachers file in and sit down, other students come in and sit down...15 minutes into it all, Mrs. Lee comes in.
Kudos to Kevin and Nic for standing up and speaking out.
In a small bowl, gently toss diced avocado, radish rounds and shallot with lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.
A recent story which my therapist narrated made me write this post.
Feeling as though she had no voice, Davis decided it as time to turn the camera on herself and her issues with her body, food and society’s views on larger people. She says that, originally, she was not considering an audience, and the project was a search for intimacy and acceptance. I feel I can relate to this, as when I started taking self-portraits, I did not really think about the outcome of them or the audience, it was more about the documentation and the act for me.
DW: Oh, wow.
Update. I’m close to the end of the first round of editing – the substantial edit – the one where characters, plots, themes and sentences are wrestled into something respectable. The one where I’ve had to make harsh decisions on the chunks which needed to go. (They say you need to be able to ‘Kill your darlings’, you really do.) My editor wants to have a quick go through again before she sets the creature free on editor number two. Editor number two will do the copy-edit (or proof read), with a fresh pair of eyes for typos and small imperfections.
I gaze from within the comfort of the trees and from the edge of my own path, my dog at my side, looking at my past, looking at the colours and the dreams. I take in the view and indulge in the continuing soundtrack provided by the crackling sound of a rather weak medium wave.
‘Rupert’s evil, wickedness and incisive knife has guided me throughout my career, and James is an adorable little tin of talcum powder who has introduced me to some of the purest suppliers at the best possible prices. I would like to thank them both for their support, and for fighting so hard to commute my sentence from beheading by the El Ahmad-Abu-Fox-Chamel royal family. I have worked here at Newscorpse for 22 years, and I know it to be part of the most corrupt, bigoted and biased muck-stream in the world. News International is full of tainted, unprofessional and dishonourable people. I am proud to have been part of that team, and lucky to have known so many so close to our Lord and Master Beelzebub. I leave here with the greatest reluctance to remember anything unless I get money and a shorter sentence, in return for which I’d be delighted to shop an abundance of friends, starting with that baby-faced rat-fink Cameron’.
I'm not really sure why the hell he picked Albuquerque. Maybe Phoenix held too many reminders for my dad about his failed marriage. Maybe it had never brought him anything good and he wanted to try his hand somewhere else, somewhere far, but not too far from his other young daughter, just three years of age who my mother had managed to get custody of. Maybe he wanted to be far enough away from the frowns of his disapproving family and the muffled snickers of my parents' "friends". Maybe the I-told-ya-so looks were too unbearable.
"I hoped they were going to do something and it would stop," she said. "But it just carried on. It just started again with different men and more men this time, and that's when it started becoming up to five men a day".
When I returned a few minutes later … whoa boy! Apparently little Evelyn had climbed up the change table shelves, grabbed the tube of baby lotion, and was going wild with it. Buck wild.
Confession time: I’m STILL eating Halloween candy. In October, having newly moved into our house, I was psyched about Halloween. I pictured a constant stream of goblins and ghouls coming to my door. Everyone knows that running out of candy is a major Halloween faux pas, and leaves you open to being “tricked.” In preparation of the big event, I bought bags of M&Ms, Baby Ruths, Butterfingers, Crunch Bars, Junior Mints, and Whoppers. I was prepared with at least five pounds of candy.
My body's been just teasing me since my last update. On Friday night, I started having contractions that were coming at what I thought was every 3-5 minutes or so. My doctor had told me earlier that day, after stripping my membranes, to head to L&D if they were 7-10 minutes apart, since I was already 4cm dialated and it could go fast once it began. So we went to the hospital, where the monitor actually showed my contractions were 2-4 minutes apart. They weren't very uncomfortable or intense, however, so they had me walk around the hospital for an hour and come back to be re-checked. I hadn't made any progress after an hour of walking, so they sent me home.
But then again who wants to take the chance that water may burn?
Big Business is responsible for its bottom line only. And enhancing the “bottom line” of Big Business is the current version of America’s Supreme Court. It has “greased the skids” so that Big Business can more than compete with the 1 man 1 vote rule and in addition remove the political risks of politicians accepting money secretly and illegally from big business. There may no longer be a need for political “money laundering” trials if political “money laundering” is now legal.
Things can only get worse, I fear -
The festival in Durban is a rather large undertaking. I hear different figures in terms of attendance. You are looking at anywhere from 100,000 to 400,000 people. This is a strange range. In any case, it's big. Tents which house displays, items for sale including food and speaking venues are sizeable and span over the large lot two blocks from the ocean beach front. The lay out arrangement makes for good walking stretches. For me it means a trek from major tent to the drama rehearsal space to the Youth tent and so on.
Did you know that every Christian is in full-time ministry? Whether you realize it or not, if you are a Christian you a full-time minister in the Kingdom of God. You may not work for a church or have an official title of pastor, bishop, apostle, or evangelist, but you are indeed a minister of the Gospel. As an entrepreneur running your own business or an employee working for an organization, you have been given the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility of taking your personal ministry to the marketplace. The Apostle Paul who earned a living as a tent maker in addition to being a traveling evangelist, says it like this: “… And God has given us this task of reconciling people to Him. For God was in Christ, reconciling the world to Himself, no longer counting their sins against them. And He gave us this wonderful message of reconciliation” (2 Corinthians 5:18-19).
says he knows nothing about it.
Dollopy-large or cutely tiny,
Many episodic games have gone for only a few seasons. From the fabled Penny Arcade series to everyone’s favorite little blue hedgehog. Customers were furious when the games were cancelled. But this should be expected episodic content that doesn’t profit will be dropped whether or not customers want to see a finished product.
Double Joy.
Accessories are the icing on the cake and actually create your personal style. Accessories are what allow you to become more fashionable and help you eliminate fashion mistakes.
In 496 Pope Gelasius I declared St Valentine’s Day as a day to honor many of the Christian martyrs named Valentine. In 1969 Pope Paul VI decided that it was no longer to be celebrated as a Roman Catholic day.
She turned her face back to the pillow; the surrender was unbelievably beautiful; I raised the flogger and flicked her gently across her ass, which had to be tender already from the slaps.
Sorry I havent posted in a while. I was really busy, being in County Band and a winter retreat, so I wasnt able to post any updates about Club Penguin. First of all, the new pin is a Speaker and its in the Pet Shop.
The office of heritage and restoration relies on state funding for its work, so the projects department has developed its own strategies to channel “the support of culture-loving organisations and individuals who want to help raise our people’s standard of living, whether or not they identify politically with Cuba,” he said.
What about how she has dealt with the failure that is Gibbs?
I started with Meijer since that is where I got The Original. But Meijer didn’t carry them anymore. So I went to Target and Home Goods. I even dared the scary peopleofwalmart but nothing.
PET
The base is plain Ivory cardstock as is the extra layer on the inside of the card. The DP panel is 1 1/2 by 5 3/8. I embossed the peach layer using the woodgrain template from Taylored Expressions. I kind of thought the woodgrain would go well with the vine and nature theme. I used silk ribbon and linen thread to add a little texture (and another layer ;-) ) My DH pokesfun at me and tells me it's all about how many layers there are :-)
While many members of the Occupation would be happy to remain, if disciplinary action was sought by the University, our group would be severely hampered in taking further action in the future.
After looking into the facts carefully, the licensor may decide not to file suit. Then the licensee is often given the right to pursue a suit on its own. The least that the licensor can do in such event is extend legal and technical assistance to the licensee. The licensee should attempt to have royalty payment relief written into the agreement for situations in which the licensor will not allow the licensee to take legal action against an alleged infringer. Sample clauses intended to protect the licensee in case of infringements are included in module 17, on guarantees and warranties in technology transfer.
As I’ve calculated, we need to earn an average of $20.30 per hour assuming 2080 hours worked per year to have the total debt paid off within 24 months. As a writer, I typically earn above that hourly average, but seldom spend 40 hours per week writing. Everything we earn over that threshold will be paid directly to our debts.
Megan and I met some girls at a local park Friday night and had Imo's Pizza (YUM!). Collin enjoyed his first ever swing ride and flirted with all the girls present!
With all of these inlets McLarens reduced sidepod shape, has lead to some compromises. Which is has been to adversely affect the airflow approaching the centre of the top rear wing. Equally inlets create drag and McLaren have two additional inlets to account for. I doubt the cooling set up is a major differentiator between teams. But the different approaches do create some welcome variances in appearance between the cars.
Countdown to Ecstasy is the second album by Steely Dan, released in July 1973. The album was written and recorded in rushed sessions between live concerts and produced two Billboard Hot 100 hits, "Show Biz Kids" and "My Old School," which have continued to be popular both on radio and in concert. Despite not being the huge hit that their previous album Can't Buy a Thrill was, lead vocalist Donald Fagen reportedly declared Countdown to Ecstasy his favorite Steely Dan album.
b) hideous
It's polling day for us, we are electing our local councillors, so we popped into the station and did our duty. This year sees the introduction of the proportional representation system of single transferable vote, meaning we had to number candidates in order of preference. Our votes will be counted electronically - we live in interesting times :)
PROTEIN
Minerva sat, and Kingsley took the floor.
We are to be taken for an Uzbek folk song evening. My heart sinks. I come down to the hotel foyer from my room, the lift door opens and I am confronted by two Finnish men stripped to the waist, wearing very short, very bright red shorts. They have big grins on their faces. They have clearly just come back into the hotel from the outside world and I assume they have been out jogging, terrifying the locals.
Another LO for Megan's book using this month's kit from Scrapbook Circle! The kit isn't as exciting as the last couple month's kits have been, but it is still packed with goodies! It is actually taking me out of my comfort zone of bright colors and patterns -- which is good!
There’s a tradition in my family of never being too young to know something. Honesty is tantamount.
OCCIPITAL LOBES – SIGHT. Sight isn’t limited to one area, but the occipital lobes are largely devoted to processing visual input, and damage from tumors, trauma or strokke can cause a form of vision loss known as coritcal blindness. Even if the eye and optic nerve are working perfectly well, a problem in the occipital lobes can make it difficult to recognize what your eyes see.
Hall died on October 7, 1898, at his home at 68 Washington Square South, just blocks from where he first went to college. The picture above was taken the year of his death (pic courtesy NYPL)
I've felt his dry touch against my pig-tailed hair.
Friends, for a few moments there, I let my pendulum of balance swing way over to the other side.
Hello everybody. First of all, some thanks are in order. Your help and views on all my posts have absolutely astounded me. It was only a couple of months ago that I created Traveling with Krushworth and I have never looked back. To me, a blog is not a blog until people start liking the posts and the time I’ve poured into each and every page. Indeed, in my view, this has become one of my most special hobbies and for this I thank you.
All the concrete pedestals I've ever needed! All in one spot. Perhaps I could use that for my privacy fencing. Either way, I was quite pleased to see that there was an automotive repair shop right close by. You just never know when you might need that service.
This is great as an appetizer as the vinegar really increases your appetite. Not to say vinegar is good for us too. It said to control high blood pressure, improving digestive system, reduce urinary tract infections and diseases, strengthening bone, etc. You can do a search on the Web to read more benefits of vinegar. With this pickle, I finally found a delicious way to have a little vinegar everyday. Not to say cucumber, radish and carrot are good for us too. But got to warm you though, this has quite a lot of sugar in it, so if you are watching your sugar intake, be aware. Also, eat in moderation, a little bit in a day, not the whole thing in a day no matter how tempting it is.
kit of their choosing.
Around the house... My candles producing a beautiful fragrance. Cinnamon and pumpkin spices today! Fits in with all the beautiful tree and foliage colours outside.
Resolved, 5th. That a blank page in our minute book be inscribed to his memory, and that a copy of this preamble and resolution be furnished the family of brother Ray, and a copy furnished the Berrien County News, for publication and the Valdosta Times requested to copy.
Mason finally did it! He for real crawled! But I wasn't home.
Yes, McRuger (my husband) and I are Caucasian. Cadet is the true definition of “multiracial”. I think that parenting Cadet has already opened my eyes to a new level of inequality in the world. I’ve been trying to find toys, books, and artwork which represents his background, and it’s hard. I have to scour books stores to find children’s books with a “dark skinned” hero/heroine. Even though Cadet is a male, I still want him to have a few dolls/action figures which “look” like him…it’s been a challenge. Even the labels on foods, shampoos, and toy boxes are plastered with the smiling faces of “white” children. So, I’ve had to question friends and family to find these things which will (hopefully) foster a sense of belonging and connectedness in Cadet.
become self-conscious about things that are obviously
Every detail of the shower was just perfect! I couldn't have asked for a better shower. Thank you Tana, Amy, Jenny, and Rebekah for all the hard work you put into making it such a special night for us.
Now, what do you imagine these wolves to be teaching? In what ways are these people going to savagely destroy the church that Paul had planted?
I was lost in a fog and not letting the words register. No one said the words I dreaded. I refused to think about those words. But some small part of me knew. I knew enough that I needed to bring my children to see their grandmother.
And check out my bedroom closet (BEFORE):
I am SaLuSa from Sirius, and pleased to give you our assurance that all is well. Clearly the time for revealing the truth looms large, and we have a program that will cover your needs so that you understand why you have been oppressed for so long. You have come out of a period of darkness created by the destruction of Atlantis, and you have lifted yourselves up back into the Light by challenging the dark Ones and being successful. It has been a long and arduous journey, but you proved your worth to move into the higher dimensions and back into the Light, and we love you all for it.
It looked like this:
Have to end in combat
Pregnancy HighlightsHow Far Along: 22 weeks
It's quite obvious that the photos on the website are photoshopped. If you look at them all the same exact photo of lips is used for about 3 different colours of lipstick and... well you can just tell. All the website photos seem a lot brighter and lighter and just prettier colours than in real life.
“Rayloth,” she nodded briefly, “the Council and I need you to go to Tatooine immediately.”
I've been lucky enough to sing back up vocals a few times as Mike was up there belting out his tunes onstage, and I've hung out backstage at Loverboy concerts making behind the scenes videos, but this upcoming opening slot thing is kinda cool. And with all the other bands slated to play the bill (find the full listing on the website), it's going to be a memorable, musical, exciting evening.
Just because
I know that the trellis pattern is very overdone in the blogging community and may just become a trend that will be over in a few years. To me however, it seems like a classic, beautifully symmetric lines that will never go out of style.
Billet does not rhyme with ballet,
Hi my name is Brian Carnes. I am a relationship and dating consultant. I have helped people get dates, get married if buy cheap generic valium online, and get back together with your ex. You can find out more and get my free report “The 7 Steps on How to Save your Relationship” at http://www.themagicofmakingupworks.com
It takes about two hours to get to Sedona from where we were. The drive was a mix of stories, shared childhood memories as we sang to songs from the 80′s, and a variety of landscapes. As we got close to Sedona, there was a curve in the road and as we made our way out of the curve the landscape changed before our eyes to this amazing red. It really took my breath away. I felt an instant connection to the red of the rock, the green of the trees, and the architecture of the buildings. It is the same feeling I get when I drive down I-5 to the 405 and see the city of Portland standing tall in front of me. A feeling of home. I could go on for days about the intense feelings and connection with this wonderful magical place, but I will leave it simple and just say that a big family vacation is being planned for next year. I look forward to saying, “Hello Sedona” again!
This quality of newness also points towards what I think is the fundamental reason I enjoy having kids. A friend and I were talking recently about the current iteration of the do-it-yourself movement. He was describing to me how enjoyable he found it to create something from scratch that he could have just gone to a store and bought off the shelf. For him, this joy comes from a combination of two factors: 1) learning how something like butter or a radio actually comes to exist, and 2) feeling an inordinate pride at having made them with his tools. Somehow, the butter tastes sweeter and the radio sounds clearer when the labor of production comes directly from his own hands.
Intel dual core B950 Processor cannot be compared with a Intel Core I Processor series as both belong to different families of processors.
There is goodness in the valley, but no evil; plenty of apples and strawberries, but no peaches, grapes, oranges, or bananas. There is dinner in the valley, but no breakfast or lunch, sweets, but no chocolate (which has me seriously questioning my ability to survive for more than 30 seconds in the valley).
Other: Dies: Nesties - Scalloped Circles, PTI - Tiny Tags; Distressing Tool, TH Ink Blending Tool, Dimensionals
The two blokes in the van are waiting for the arrival of the breakdown service, which gives us something in common. Barely thirty minutes goes by when this knight in a shining armoured patrol car turns up, deals with the blokes in the van first and then me. The bonnet is popped open to reveal a broken connection between the accelerator cable and the gubbings which lets more fuel into the engine. An improvised running repair with cable ties is hastily made and off I go, which means no two hundred and fifty quid towing fee to fork out = result . Fears of kipping in the car with high speed traffic dangerously whizzing past on a shivering cold morning are thwarted, as for that night only, the county bestows me with the title of Oxfordshire's Jammiest Git of the Month.
I couldn't find any September quotes in the book this month...so here is one I found elsewhere.....
Apricot Jam Oatmeal Bars
Me.
I downloaded some photography videos of Rob Heyman. I was watching it last night while talking to Tatlim and I got inspired with his works and also with his motto, KISS ~”Keep It Simple, Stupid!”
Knead Patisserie, Belconnen Market.
Even though the fact that they’re types is sort of the point.
But I’m waiting for you.
· Robert Goulet
We will provide evidence that MACC and Hong Kong Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) investigators took these allegations seriously as we unravel further evidence. It raises further questions about another series of enormous out-payments from Michael Chia’s HSBC account.
Yet more than all Rome's wars of old, or modern Napoleon's): the peaceful choice of all,
Well little girl twenty-one you never thought that this would come
Here’s what we’re going to do.
My parents (both music teachers), were not surprised.
Our Winters location met nearly all of these requirements, so I really enjoyed conducting a workshop there. I will definitely look into doing it again~
Sesame Seeds 1 cup
Have baked quite a few cakes before (a few still unposted, rest in the archives) mostly using fruits as I love fruits in my cake. Hub however doesn’t care much about fruits in his desserts.
MAKRAS P, ALEXIOU-DANIEL S, ANTONIADIS A, HATZIGEORGIOU D. Outbreak of meningococcal disease after an influenza B epidemic at a Hellenic Air Force Recruit Training Center. Clin Infect Dis 2001; 33: e48-e50.
The gray background fabric was mostly leftovers from Chrysalis. I did have to order a little bit more to finish this off, and then ended up using pretty much the last little bit to make the binding so it worked out perfectly.
Outside of my writing misadventures, this beauty hit my radar the other week:
BLITZEN TRAPPER-Maybe Baby Single
Lunch - Ham sandwich, orange, and banana
Being a good parent is transparent and taken for granted; yet when good parents make a rare bad move, I know it can be memorable. I hereby declare to begin logging what amounts to a fraction of the times I take contrary action to do the right thing. I won't record them all -- since then I'd be writing all friggin' day -- but I want you to know that your mommy worked really hard to minimize the magnitude of whatever grievances you may someday have with me. I just hope it worked.
You’re there to share the wonderful things you discover.
My jaw dropped as I watched him hug our five year old brother and they jumped up and down. I blinked. What, no fighting? Weirdos. I shook my head and looked at Mama.
When we begin, part of the ceremony is just setting our teasets out to prepare for our time of tea together
Teach your kids to be responsible: chores are good for a child. Turn on the music, give them a dustcloth,and see how much work you can do together in 15 minutes. Many hands make light work, but learning to do things on their own teaches them character also. Even young children can learn to gather the trash.
‘No. It’s …’ I never know how to explain my obsession. ‘I am interested in them,’ I said. ‘I have heard strange things about them in Ireland and places.’ The two men laughed.
The poll is down below. If you can’t find it, just search POLL in the search box and answer there.
GLO SKULLSSSSSSS
I really had a lot of fun at the Madrid Fair, knew a lot of people, sold a lot of minis and needless to say bought a lot of minis too!!
Rosenthal said what happened is a sign of a larger problem in San Francisco politics.
Let your cake be a reflection of you and your event. Be creative and don’t hesitate to do something different and fun!
The red roses are from Wild Orchid Crafts and the gems were in my stash.
Check out her blog~ it is fabulous!!
A love so powerful,
"I'm not holding hands with him." I say pointing at Fishy, "I don't know where he's been."
The Query series will continue next week…
Okay, so you can. Regardless, Battle is a worthy conclusion to the original penology in spite of its movie of the week feel. Considering the next step in the franchise was a television series more in tune with this film than the one that started it all, it could be considered a logical step. I will address that tomorrow. For now, let us wrap up the original movie series.
WesAnnac.com
Um, yeah- and 90% of all First Responders are equipped with smartphones ---with a direct link to You-tube.
The central flower stamp is a lovely stamp by Judikins that I picked up at the stamp exhibition I visited last month. The little butterfly is a Silhouette cutting file that I offset to cut the outer portion. The sentiment is a freebie from Ali Edwards that I got through the "A Cut Above" class.
Being a mom is a double edged sword in many regards. But let's talk about food, since that's a favorite subject of mine.
Bello was sentenced to death after being convicted of first-degree murder in the death of Detective Gerald Rauft in 1981. That sentence was later thrown out. Since then, Bello’s attorney said his client was too incompetent to understand court proceedings or his sentencing. But, last February a Hillsborough Circuit Judge declared Bello competent.
In mundane I work half-time as a potter, and full day as cleaner lady at hospital.
God does give peace, the Scriptures say so. But the Scriptures never say we should make decisions by checking our “peace-meter” to see if it is measuring high enough. “Peace-meters” are often inaccurate — God’s Word is not. Many times, when people say “God gave me peace,” they are merely taking God’s name in vain, speaking it meaninglessly, claiming some kind of God-authority for decisions that He manifestly does not approve.
After a full day of touring Arizona, Saturday and Sunday were relaxing days with family. Time to share meals, play with the kids, and of course get a little more shopping in. Chrissy took me to the mecca of art & crafts stores….Hobby Lobby. Sadly we do not have one in our area, so this was a first for me. It was an all girl outing…
Of nebulae
I was going to put the website address on the stickers themselves but I thought we could hand out the postcards to people that vote to see the results.
A showing of this very special film is being offered at the Jeddah Cultural Exchange Center next Wednesday, April 4th at 7pm for expats in Jeddah. Seating is limited and reservations are required. Refreshments will be provided. I am proud and excited to be one of the presenters of this event, along with the Jeddah Cultural Exchange Center, Jeddah's Heart, Arabian Jewel, and Nomad Arabia.
shots of the prim signs I make (and sell)...found several
Boy, girl, female, and male, woman and man- every single one of us is assigned a gender at birth. Within seconds of a baby being born, the doctor or midwife announces ‘It’s a boy’ or ‘it’s a girl’, and your gender identity is set for the rest of your life. Theoretically, from that moment on until you die, you will be put either in the blue group or pink group.
a face like yours could launch a thousand ships in me
Location: Birzeit, The Palestinian Circus School
i am getting more into the rhythm of my workplace now and have discovered that i seriously fucking want to get one of those t-shirts that say...just because you waited until the very last minute to fucking get something done (even though i might have been prodding you about it for weeks) doesn't mean it is now my burden at the 11th hour. and while we're at it--omg...please, please please stop using the word ubiquitous. part of me thinks you are being witty by planting it in every paragraph of your work, but then i realize you aren't and it just makes me want to scream. also? can we just teach a class on marketing 101 to the whole fucking company? instead of saying this 12 times today i held myself in check, went out for a smoke, and then spewed all of this stupidity to the hubs on the phone as i was driving home.
What are your thoughts about the Occupy movement or all the political negativity or the Kardashian wedding?
Now, there is a moment, (You know what it's like because you've been there); a moment... in time... when you just did something that you're really regreting... AND!... time moves in S-L-O-W M-O-T-I-O-N. It's at that moment your mind says something like this... "I can't believe you just 'doing' that!!" The thought came somewhere in between spilling my spicy tomato juice and having spilt it. It's a sort of space-time-continuum thing.
Maya Road Charcoal Mist
“Will I leave this question unanswered?” he wondered.
Doc: "No, Marty! No man should know too much about his own future!"
I die cut the blue snowflake using a spellbinders die. I then stamped the Medallion from JustRite's Your Special Day Medallion Labels stamp set. I die cut it with a custom die Nested Medallion Labels from JustRite. Grandma's Doily stamp set.I used versa mark ink and white embossing powder on a shimmery blue paper.To finish it up I added a pearl in the center.
in the light of life.”
It was hot, so hot, before the eunuchs came
You can’t order them in advance- it is a first come first served based on when they prepare them.
Mediocre purgatory. Whatever.
The country faces a threat greater than it has ever encountered — impunity.
Starting off with the eve of CNY, we are suppose to have 'lunch' but with all the delays, we ended started eating only around 5pm. It was a super tiring day as both my mum and myself, busy burying ourselves in the kitchen preparing for the necessary.
6. Come Dancing (The Kinks cover)
Life isn't full of sunshine
Quick as a wink, Peter... all 3ft tall and 4 years old of him, shimmies up the nearest tree...
Here’s a list of the stuff on the floor of my car.
Don't forget I'll be sharing my favorites from this week's party on my Saturday Picks over the weekend. By adding to the linky party, you're giving me permission to possibly feature you on Pinterest, StumbleUpon, and Twitter as well.
It all began in the depth of night when the city was in deep slumber. The ferocious wind began to howl and scream as it rose between the high-rise like a phantom and hissed passed the trees and ground. The smell of thunder hung heavy in the air and soon the night was nothing but a cacophony of rattling window panes, banging doors and thundering clouds. A nerve-racking sound of smashed glass got the attention of some dazed people as they scurried to gather their belongings which the wind was threatening to take away. The electricity went off plunging the area in further darkness.
IMDb Rating: 5.6
Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s Conservatives and the pro-oilsands website EthicalOil.org take Canadian environmental groups to task for accepting money from big American foundations to finance their campaigns against the oilsands. Natural Resources Minister Joe Oliver accused “environmental and other radical groups” of trying to use money from “foreign special-interest groups” to hijack hearings on a pipeline that would bring Alberta oilsands bitumen to a port on the British Columbia coast. But the Canadian government seems to have no qualms accepting grant money from private U.S. foundations — including some of the same organizations that gave to Canadian environmental groups.
If you want to Buy Camera monitoring technique that may be bought from an electronic devices or specialist security store. If you opt for your body at a look similar to this it will cost you excess of you actually need to spend. It is because the constituents you have to help make your personal will not be too expensive in the least.
That’s a key figure that other commentators have missed. It shows pretty clearly that over 80% of data breaches are no accident: somebody, somewhere wants to know stuff about people like you. And there are plenty of petty criminals (even in the pc retail trade) more than happy to lift stuff off your hard-drive while undertaking ‘maintenance’.
Speaking this morning, Mr Hague expressed admiration for corporate leaders such as Mr Murdoch, who he described as “great business people” and “very capable”.
LJ Fort: Hey thanks, I appreciate your time so thank you!
and that “it” being my little lead based giraffe.
Some, in all sincerity, will claim to have heard voices, dreamed dreams or seen visions. Do not give heed to such claims. It is not of God. There is but one guess from whom it comes.
So thanks for putting up with my insufferableness today! I hope you still come back and read my future posts. :) If it will make you feel better, please tell me in the comments: What are your pet peeves when traveling? Which behaviors by other passengers make you want to shove them into a suitcase?
Oh you are right singing my song the many Mr. Gibbs. We keep getting up, we keep dancing, we keep fighting for our rights, we take a clue from Mr. cummings and say, “There is some shit I will not eat” I think of an article I read in the annoying and pretentious New Yorker back in the 90s? About some judge who had to preside over the Bosnian war crimes, which were intense. How do you stay sane he was asked. “There is a Vermeer exhibit not far away, I lunch there, I fill myself up with beauty to restore myself” which okay don’t quote me on. It hit home though. It is so much harder to make beauty than profane violence, but it does happen.
Paper: SU:
Climate scientists withdraw journal claims of rising sea levels
As a seasoned Nanoer, you’d expect me to go with Nanowrimo. After all, I’ve never even written a script before (barring a few five-minute skits I wrote for high school theatre class), while I have roughly half a dozen half-finished novels floating around my bedroom and ideas for at least half a dozen more. On the Script Frenzy site there’s a forum for Nano-turned-Screnziers, where novelists share the woes of trying to write a script.
1 cup sugar
I’ve written about all sorts in the past couple of months… Some of my personal favourite posts are:
Cause I have seen the suffering
But the worst was the day my neighbor across the road called to tell me Rufus had jumped up and stolen the shoe right off his granddaughters shoe as he was carrying her inside. He claimed Rufus had absconded with he baby shoe and was now hiding beneath my house. And he was sure enough correct. It sure was embarrassing to crawl under there and back out while my neighbor stood and huffed in my yard. Later the man never would talk to me much.
50. Thee Mighty Caesars - I Was Led To Believe
Melissa Frances 5th Avenue Collection (1 sheet each)
drinks from the fountain of youth
I had a meeting today--it always amuses me to see art faculty in meetings, because EVERYONE is drawing. Well, except for the department head...but someone has to lead the meeting while the rest of us draw. I guess that's why they get paid the big bucks.
Ask yourself a few good questions (and feel free to add your own! I’d love it if you’d add them in the comments) to get a clearer picture of the YOU that you truly want to be:
Do you think we make each complete?
Once you have removed everything off this list from your life, you are officially an adult. Congratulations! Good luck with your upcoming adulthood.
“Josh is a terrific young coach who has brought so much to our program,” O’Hanlon said. “We certainly appreciate all of his contributions. We will miss him and we wish him the absolute best at Rutgers.”
my box of chocolates
Past delusion.
I am still amazed that one person can arrive and with him bring such an overwhelming sense of love and such a strong bond that would grow deeper throughout the years. This little man successfully destroyed all preconceived ideas and logic, that special bond that is there at the arrival of your child just blows logic and reasoning out of the window - never to be seen again!
So speedily can venge! But, O poor Gloucester!
It has become a belief of mine that some people were just born with little to no spatial awareness; I almost pity them, until I am on their heels as they blissfully move at a glacial pace unaware of my frustration. This also transcends to slow drivers and slow talkers, I like things to move at a steady pace. Surely it’s not that difficult, I’m not talking superhuman speed here!
Ms. Burden also has an intimate familiarity and appreciation for the topic of superblocking. In early 2006 Ms. Burden weighed in against superblocking at the redesigned World Trade Center site: “We need our streets, we need connectivity, we need an open Cortlandt St. for light and air and to create normal blocks,” and “It is important to open a street that has been closed for decades.” (See: Not ready to close the debate on opening Cortlandt St, By Ronda Kaysen, February 17 - 23, 2006 in the Downtown Express, extracting from a Feb. 6 World Trade Center Committee meeting.)
Beginning with the landmark decision in New York Times v. Sullivan (1964), the U.S. Supreme Court has recognized that the law of defamation has a constitutional dimension. Under this case and subsequent cases, the Court has balanced individual interests in reputation with the interests of free speech among society. This approach has altered the rules governing libel and slander, especially where a communication is about a public official or figure, or where the communication is about a matter of public concern.
There’s a lot of “love, peace, and happiness” in the air when it comes to Lester Chambers. He’d just like more of the same in return.
"I feel it is an exercise in political correctness," he said.
