As a result of this decision, defendants hoping to gain leverage by maintaining invalidity counterclaims against a broad group of claims, including non-asserted claims, cannot merely rely on the fact that such counterclaims are compulsory. Instead, they must independently show that all the claims are the subject of an actual controversy, such as be demonstrating that a concrete dispute exists between the parties on the defendant’s ability to lawfully operate without infringing the claims. See, e.g., Sandisk Corp. v.
We were offended by your recent belief that we were plotting to kill you. Let us remind you, that we have been with you longer than that stupid dog, who whines and tattles more than she guards the house. She is just a whiny tattle tale looking for attention.
crab, chorizo & spring onion omelette – 17
She sang for hours.
We loved James Bond, what we'd seen of it. The pre-opening credit high drama set piece, not to mention those opening credits themselves with nude women diving off gun barrells and silky silhouettes of their breasts. That was a racy as it got. Which made it a bit of a problem taking grandma along.
1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil
Today is a lovely day so far. I went for a great run, saw Blue Jays, Cardinals and the smell of freshly layed mulch….all signs of a fabulous Spring!
Premiere Date: April 12, 1987
food--since starting the job (it's been almost a year!) i have gained 20 pounds! 20 fucking pounds. why? because i am sitting on my ass all day. it's getting bad and i need to do something. i need to MOVE my body. i need to quit eating!
Neither: 1 vote; 4%
Green bean is a good source of protein, minerals and has a cooling effect on our body. For healthier version, add low fat milk instead of coconut milk.
M,K, ready for the price?… $20.00 for 24 inches wide X 10 yards!!!! (black and white) and $22 for colours and metallics. And they will cut it down to 12” for you to fit your cutter mat! So, you end up with 20 yards of vinyl at 12” wide.
The true blessings of Easter are the friends and family we cherish and hold dear.
We are so grateful for all who participated. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Even though Ed and I don't celebrate Thanksgiving with a big dinner, I still found myself recalling Thanksgivings-past with a bit of nostalgia. It was a VERY BIG DEAL in the Lay household. Our dining room table was set with the good china, silver and crystal goblets. The table would groan with a roast turkey and Pepperidge Farm stuffing, rice and gravy, cranberry sauce, green bean casserole, cheese onions, homemade rolls, and ambrosia for dessert. After we three girls married, our poor husbands had to wait patiently while everyone was served and Daddy gave his extra-long Thanksgiving grace before eating. The food was always a bit cool by then but we loved it anyway.
Allow me to speak plainly…
Footnote, a clever, witty, and heart-breaking film by Israeli director Joseph Cedar, is a refreshing albeit emotional look at both the dynamics of academia and familial relationships. The film opens by introducing its two main characters, Eliezer Shkolnik and his son, Uriel, two incredibly dedicated Talmud researchers who have a sadly bitter relationship. Eliezer, as we soon learn in an incredibly visually clever sequence, spent a lifetime assembling a revolutionary thesis on the Talmud, only to have a colleague publish similar research a month before Eliezer’s findings were set to be released. Adding insult to injury, his son, a researcher in the same field, has achieved tremendous success, receiving accolades in many fields. A committee plans to give Uriel the top prize for Israeli Talmud scholars, but mistakenly give it to Eliezer instead, beginning the films turn from humorous to painful.
I was on that bike in a heart beat and ready to roll!!
1 Blessed is the man
One example of another form of secondary infringement is where there is direct evidence of an intent to induce or encourage direct infringement. There must be a purposeful, culpable expression of intent to induce infringement and this must be accompanied by conduct. Such an unlawful purpose prevents a defendant from claiming the protection of the “staple article” rule. What is crucial is that (i) it is shown that active steps were taking with the purpose of bringing about the infringing acts and (ii) it is shown that infringing acts took place using the method for infringement distributed. It is not crucial to show that the message to infringe was sent out to the direct infringers, but such a showing will be helpful.
1 tsp Caster sugar
The air would change to soundless damage,
Despite being propped up against a wall for an hour and a half I didn’t see the time pass. This was not a studious and dry lecture to a group of yawning undergraduates, but rather the sharing of a passion. Questions were encouraged and good-humoured remarks were regularly fired in by the audience. Sylvanie de Lutèce was a bundle of energy and enthusiasm, with an impressive and well-researched knowledge of the evening’s subject.
In Gauteng, where the incidence of residential robbery is the highest in the country, intensified policing initiatives, such as Operation Iron Fist and Operation Trio, have been introduced over the past few years.
jens oil pastel/paint/ collage
I had been warned that such a piece would appear, but not what it would say. Apparently, the business practice committee were prompted to make the announcement by IPReg.
Chicken stock- approx. 500 ml (or 2 cups)
Yeshua, the blue tunic, and the seamless tunic
Girl Land is gorgeous (we all know that), but it's that word 'girl' that kind of scared me.
Our official frost date here in Missouri is October 15th, but this year we had our first light frost nearly two weeks before that. Since we're located down in a little valley, we often have earlier fall frosts and later spring frosts than predicted. On clear nights, it also gets colder down here than 'up top' during the fall and winter, which means if the forecast says low 30s, we figure on low 20s. Now if only that were true in summer, too.
There have been a number of times when they have suggested I join a certain group, attend a particular event, or call so-and-so to see what they’re up to. I know they mean well, but it often makes me feel pathetic.
I was intrigued and decided to investigate how things stood in Canada. Well, our Supreme Court is less inhibited, or less tasteful, than its American counterpart. Although it did not get in the game until a year later, (quoting a poem, of dubious literary merit, in which a member of a biker gang let it be known that his and his colleagues’ occupation was to “fuck the world”) the words “fuck,” “fucking,” or “fucked” appear in 29 of its decisions, with no sign of a slowdown. However, unlike in Cohen, nothing much seems to turn on “the word” in any of these decisions; they all belong to the “quoting-shit-criminals-say” variety.
This is how we begin today.
LET’S STOP TALKING AND START LISTENING TO OUR COMMUNITIES.
7. Are you currently working on another book (maybe the third book in the Zan Gah series)? If so, can you give us a little information about it? :)
David Blackburn
When the bees start pokin'?
Do any of my newly blogging friends want to join in the challenge? I have plenty of books I can loan out...
Cost: $12.3 million
I shot these images, mostly from the window of a moving car, earlier this year while I was working for the Northern Uganda Transition Initiative (NUTI), a USAID program, all over northern Uganda. Since shooting them, however, I’ve been a little overwhelmed by work and never got round to really using them for any purpose. However if I explain why I took them, that might allow readers to make up their own purpose.
So, if anyone is looking for ways to help your hair, try these different things out!
”We better get that gold off of Jakes and bury it,we cant carry all that with us,we come back later and get it. We each took a large handful of gold coins and tied them in our scarves.”That should keep us going till we get back” We buried the bags in a deep crack in the rocks and covered it over with sand and smaller rocks. I poured the remaining water into the billy can for Jakes. It was as hot as if it had jsut come off a flaming fire. I untied him ,removed the saddle and threw it over the cliff. Jakes just stood there an drank the water ,he seemed reluctant to go anywhere. “Hes sure to bolt soon as the shooting starts” Milligan assured me.
Shoes: lassitude & ennui -Boudoir Mules in red
I felt like I’d just gotten me a Dr. Hibbert moment from the Simpsons, when he gives Homer the worst possible diagnosis only to realize his mistake and just does his signature chuckle. “Oh I’m just teasing, oh hoo hoo. heheh hoo hoo.” Yeah.
I consider that a win, because if it's under 4.0%...it's definitely under 4.5%. I have no problem with that. And if anyone wants to argue that 4.5% is too high to be session beer, well, at least they're keeping the conversation reasonable. 5% is a matter of not enough distinction; 6% is just silly. And that's about all I have to say on the "disagreement" and "controversy" over session beer definitions.
Happy Monday everybody!
If Europe is the fire, which fire is Hitchens referring to? Medieval Europe with its ghastly record of torment and murder when, after continuing oppression, thousands of Jews trekked across Europe desperate to find peace of mind and body in the land they had always looked to and prayed for, for thousands of years? Is it the Expulsion from Spain in 1492 that led to mass migration of Jews to the Land of Israel? Then in fact the Ottoman Sultan welcomed Jews and encouraged them to settle in Safed and the North of Israel, where there was industry and agriculture to support them. Perhaps he meant the depredations of the Cossacks in 1648, when another wave of European Jews made their way to their Holy Land? He could have referred to the migrations of the nineteenth century in response to Russian anti-Semitism. Does Hitchens share with Obama the myth that Israel was simply the creation of the Holocaust? Does he believe the Jews referred to in the New Testament were really Arab Palestinians? Was there no history in between 70 and 1948?
The aforementioned post was one in which I lamented that living alone is not remotely part of my true calling. Now that I'm living temporarily with my daughter and two nanaboys, I'm reminded of the axiom, "Be careful what you wish for," cuz these days I'm never EVER alone. That is, unless I go into the bathroom and lock the door, and even then the family Boxer feels the need to accompany me. And may I point out that the walls are so thin in apartments, I'm not sure I'm ever really alone. You hear what I'm saying? I can't croon in the shower for fear my vocals will end up on WikiLeaks. Damn you, Julian Assange!
The Knife of Never Letting Go by Patrick Ness. This book held me like a vice from the beginning and didn’t let me go once. The story is relentless and I felt exhausted by the end of it, battered even, but I loved every moment. Unhooking the Moon by Gregory Hughes. I read this with my book group and it really divided us. I absolutely adored it though and a lot of that is to do with the characters. I think the Rat is one of the most engaging, unique characters in children’s fiction –she’s one in a million.
My only pulp-ish purchase was a WEIRD TALES anthology. For the first time since I can remember, I came home with most of my money still in my pocket.
what will they become but
Material: Leather upper and hard leather sole.
Just one read through the pages of this fun, informative, and thought-provoking blog, and a quick glance at the fantastic photos of Ms. Shopping Golightly and her family modeling their thrift store finds, and you will see that they certainly aren’t deprived. It’s shocking to read that the beautiful, quality clothing (Amy and her family often where brands like, Anthropologie, Nordstrom, Banana Republic, and Hannah Andersson), furniture, kitchen wares, and toys that would cost one a small fortune to buy new, have been purchased for a few dollars at a variety of reuse venues including, thrift stores, garage sales, or online.
Either a middle linebacker or a new running back would help out a whole lot. The problem is that the Giants are drafting at #15, which means both stud players (middle linebacker Rolando McClain and running back C.J. Spiller) at those positions will likely be taken. Unless they make a trade to move their draft position up a few notches, they might end up having to take the old tried-and-true best player available. While the guy probably won’t be a bad pick in and of itself, it might not address their very immediate and very pressing needs.
Remember with radio systems as a rule of thumb, one or two radios on a system sounding bad may be an issue with the units. Many radios sounding bad would lead to a system issue. The more information you have the better we can help service your problem. Statements such as “It’s bad all over” are hard to trouble shoot. There are three things that we usually try to find out when assessing a problem.
What’s in the bowl:
There is no simpler story line than that of love and devotion between parent and
Mountain Sun Pub & Brewery Hop Vivant
Isn’t that clear enough? Go! Now! God knew the Jews. He made them. They were His people. He also knew the end from the beginning; how they would respond to the preaching of the cross. What did Paul know about it? He thought he did. After all, he was one of them, a Jew as well.
My heart about jumped out of my chest.
With this Chef Wild posted a Vegan Vanilla Frosting Recipe! How great is that?!
And it isn’t even halloween!
Gordon-Murnane, L. (2010). CREATIVE COMMONS: Copyright Tools for the 21st Century. Online, 34(1), 18-21.
Coming to Vidya Balan. Inspite of the sheer ballsiness of her performance, I was left a bit high and dry with her acting. Her punchlines and abuses never felt taunting enough, her helplessness and insanity never crossed the ‘filmy tragedy’ boundary and hit the gut. Maybe she is inherently too subdued for this kind of role. Her dialogue delivery is another problem. Her voice modulation is very one-note throughout. The gutsy abandon she shows in her physical performance is not evident in her rendering of dialogues. Maybe that’s being too harsh on her. Her physical performance alone deserves a standing ovation.
On to today's emergent reader. This one steps it up a notch with three word phrases and introduces color words. I usually display a color chart on the SmartBoard when the kids are working on the mini-books so they have a reference to help them with the color words. (The clever ones will realize they can look on the wrappers of their crayons, but that's a little tricky.) Don't forget to enter the Blogi-versary Giveaway if you haven't yet. Enjoy!
Dude Time Doodles are having their Freebie/Guest Designer Challenge today so make sure you pop over to the Challenge Blog and grab "Moe" and create something for your chance to be a Guest Designer!
but that’s how it is.
I came in to the interview sessions thinking that I will be more than happy with any of these four finalists taking my position because I know they fill the qualifications. But, the more I thought about it, the more concerned I became. In my mind I have this image that it’s probably like passing a torch: I don’t want them to just keep it alight, but to set it ablaze to serve its purpose of being a guiding light and support to the students it serves. That might be quite dramatic imagery just for a job but I think this position has grown dear to me especially since my time is close to over.
I will take Mr. Hensley’s professional lead and close this post to comments. I can be contacted directly either through my website or by emailing me at kate (at) katespain (dot) com. In closing, if you should have any questions about the use of my or any other designer’s fabrics, please just contact the designer or manufacturer directly. If we don’t know the answer, we can embrace the opportunity to learn and further educate everyone on correct usage of artistic property. We are all here to help and to work together with the interest of mutual success.
And it is all YOUR fault!! You know who you are, and I am not going to name names. LOL!
Across the plains of Texas
that babe can cook;
Chances are, you’re reading this because you’re a friend of mine and I posted this link on Facebook. If you know me well, you know that I’ve struggled with my health for a while now. Between being overweight, a back injury, knee problems (both of which wouldn’t be a problem weren’t it for the first thing!) and dealing with depression and anxiety, the past decade has been tough. Well, no more, I say!
In Toronto, a variety of organizations and individuals, from Cabinet Ministers to Mayoral candidates, from Boards of Education to staunch critics of the educational status quo, have been promoting the concept of schools as community hubs. On Friday, September 24, we will have an opportunity to bring together a broad range of individuals and organizations to continue that conversation, exploring the diverse visions for schools in community, the barriers which exist to progress, and the opportunities which currently exist to make progress toward a reality in which schools are at the heart of their communities.
1' Ginger (finely Chopped)
He’s found himself a bedsit, it’s handy for his job,
14 - Iron Man
Not surprisingly there has been a huge hoo-ha about the possible closure of Afflecks - it is a unique place to shop and a lovely building. Its loss would make Manchester a duller place, especially after the Corn Exchange (books and bootleg heaven) had to make way for the Triangle after the IRA bomb. Hurrah! More antiseptic clothes shops for anorexic footballers' wives.
Where do I start about this precious boy that has stolen our hearts? Yesterday he turned 20 mos old! Happy Birthday little one! You are just the cutest thing there is! I love your big eyes that are so expressive and have so many things that they are waiting to share with us.
We need to exercise compassion with justice; take care of our own, while avoiding being emotionally manipulated to coddle the whole world, as liberals (including some Republicans) would have us do. Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater.
And for extra motivation, check out the Cooperative Children’s Book Center’s data on books written by and about people of color each year (found in their “Thoughts On Publishing” summary of children’s publishing).
Peace out, bitches!
They come by the moonlight
No water.
When I was a child I couldn’t afford books either. I remember very clearly the Easter holidays of the second year at junior school. This was the year I discovered the Famous Five. I was at the library every day changing my books. Of course, I soon got though all of the Famous Five books and went on to what my teachers no doubt labelled “better things”. Having access to so many books at that age is probably what allows me to be a writer today – and also a lover of reading.
Other comedians will take notice when you keep showing up, doing the shows, getting better and, here is the key for all the young guns – watching how the pros do it. If you’re a new person doing comedy – you need to view the first years of doing comedy as being in college. Watch as much comedy as you are doing – don’t just go to a show, do your set and leave. One, it’s disrespectful of the industry, if you want people to watch your set, return the courtesy. Two, it’s about learning – watch a headliner do a couple of shows in a weekend – see how they handle the same material with different crowds. Talk to them after a show, ask why did they do a joke in a different position, or not at all. These are the things that over time will get you colleague recognition.
I am working on another novel which is not zombie-related. It’s about a manic-obsessive who is forced into a situation that is very much outside of his comfort zone. I am taking a more structured development process to building the story and characters, so I will see whether that pans out when I finally begin writing it. My first novel took just over a month to write, although I think if I get the planning done well, this one might even be quicker. I have established the story arc for the two remaining books in the Zed Trilogy, although I want to stagger the release.
Mr Evans has been accused of racism after telling a black scientist he could not see her in a dim BBC studio.
After the initial shock he got to explain why and turns out he isn’t alone in this workout method.
In my mid teens, both of my gradparents died and so did the regular family socializing.
Former Gov. of Colorado
I had been dying to colour this image by Crissy Armstrong, Turk In Boots. The tailfeathers I coloured in a deeply-grooved corrugated effect, and the pumpkin was coloured in long strokes of my copics to look like the many little ridges on the surface. And my final bit of texture is in the body of the turkey, which I coloured smoothly with copics then added little feathery pencil marks to look, well, feathery.
George Eliot. I'd want to discuss her books with her, mostly Middlemarch, and hear her thoughts on them.
05 - Heartbreak Radio 04:43
innocent children within range of their suicide Bombs.
4. Big Fish: The surreal fantasy film is based on a novel of the same name by Daniel Wallace and is directed by Tim Burton. The film is based on something very simple, something we all experience — inability to trust something, especially if it is absurd and seems irrational, even though it is true. The film is based on a father-son relationship, but transcends that because of this universal human issue.
"Spend Like a Diva." How to have anything you want - nice vacations, eating out, trips to the mall. It's all part of the plan!
The Neighborhood Watch Captain was in his car. Why did he leave his car to get into a confrontation with a child armed with a bag of skittles and a tin of iced tea?
Oh, I'm gettin' drunk all night!
Scenario 2: Johnny and Mark get into a fistfight after school.
ABV=10.48%
Meryl Streep (Out of Africa, Plenty)
Transfer the mixture to the bowl of a standing mixer. Beat on high speed until cool. Reduce the speed to low and add the butter and vanilla; mix until thoroughly incorporated. Increase the speed to medium-high and beat until the frosting is light and fluffy.
It is speculated that the famous — and unique — Roman battle of Mons Graupius (AD83) was fought near here. The foothills of the Grampian mountains’ massif begin within two miles of the outskirts of the town.
All of you. Every single one of you. Yes, you as well. And the guy who stole my backpack out of the Tate Center back in day? Yeah, you’re forgiven. I love you too. Mrs. Lester, from fourth grade? Yeah, you remember what you said. No problem. It was probably for my own good anyway. And the girl the other day who wouldn’t bag her own groceries, making the rest of us have to wait? It’s cool. You probably just got out of the gym and were tired (good for you, by the way, for working out!).
Somewhere between junction 9 and 8a, I feel a slight pop coming from the gas pedal. Odd. I press down with my foot and quickly discover that there is no power. This presents me with a challenge: I'm in the third lane struggling to overtake a petrol tanker who is needlessly hogging the middle lane and to make matters worse, another vehicle decides it would be fun to sniff my arse at high speed (otherwise known as tailgating). Trapped but moving. I have to get over to the hard shoulder and I'm constantly slowing down, this is not good.
Quickly, I turned toward a shelf of books and ran my fingers along the spines. When he came close, I looked up in feigned surprise like I didn't know he was there. "Oh! Sorry, I'm just looking for a book on the Civil War," I explained. "Am I in your way?" His cologne wafted over me and I closed my eyes briefly, inhaling it in.
The challenge this week was to make a Thank You Card in Yellow, Blue and White and it had to have a cricut cut border.
Is there a needy family that could use an anonymous gift of food left on their door step? If you don’t know of anyone, you could always contribute to your church or community food bank. Is there an elderly person who has recently lost their spouse and would love some company and maybe even lunch at McDonald’s?
Most of the paragraphs in her reply convey a posture of putting the student in his place. For example, she used my citation of the dictionary as an opportunity to find fault. A more thoughtful and less belittling approach would have been to say, “Yes, the dictionary does contain meaning A, as you say; but you will observe that the Oxford English Dictionary also has meaning B, and in social work we are especially interested in meaning B because of reasons X, Y, and Z.” But this would assume that Dr. McGuire was familiar with the nature of the OED, whereas her belief seems to be, rather, that real scholars simply don’t use dictionaries.
- he is in a size 4 diaper
She sticks up for the weaker orphans, dreams of a world she hasn't ever known and works her little heart out.
words, wild, imagination and fun
"I know, I know!"
It's getting late and there is so much to do tomorrow to get ready for the walk. Well, maybe there is not THAT much to do...but sleep is necessary. Oh so very very necessary.
I've written quite a bit about kids that run away. I'm more convinced than ever that kids NEVER run away without a reason. One time I was surprised by a kid that ran away and even more surprised that the kid stayed in a youth shelter, refused to come home and told the counselor that her mother abused her. I was shocked and soothed her mother.
On the back of countless meetings with private investors, MP's, TfL, the Mayor's office and Boris Johnson himself, Ajit has received private funding to buy Brompton Road for tours and potentially other entertainment.
I hope that all of you were safe in the dreary weather these last couple of days. And remember, when dangerous weather hits, minutes matter and details count.
A left-wing Labour MP last night launched a campaign to stop Big Ben tower being renamed the Elizabeth Tower in honour of the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee.
From the way she gravitates towards other sighthounds, I can start to understand why so many sighthound packs spotted at the park come in multiples — you can’t just have one. It’s captivating to watch all their lithe forms, simultaneously sinuous and angular. When sighthounds congregate and play, every movement expresses an artistry akin to dance, with a deeper physical vocabulary beyond the comprehension of other dogs.
*writes*
David Bowie Heroes UK
A long time ago and quite soon could, can this happen:
Perfect! Hubby is giddy for some new luggage AND there is a pocket in the front where you can put your computer so you don’t have to carry a separate computer bag! It really is a great feature. All the people that travel for work need this piece of luggage. Being able to pack everything in one place is a major plus!
anyway, I got my Macaroon Bodyline skirt from Aly (Miss Lumpy) when she went to Japan. It's my FAVE skirt I have. I've been lusting after this skirt since I saw it back in February.
We finally arrived at the hospital after what seemed like hours, and I put my purse across my shoulder, and grabbed the ice bag with his severed finger portion in one hand, and picked him up and carried him like a baby into the hospital because he didn't have shoes on and because I didn't think he could walk without fainting.
So, I have been pretty busy these past few days! Lots has been going on, so I will do a quik recap!
Fought hard to avoid extremes.
“What’s in it for me?” It all depends. If I come to God as I would a profane business transaction—demanding that I receive what I have earned—then what’s in it for me is disappointment. Why? Because even if I could earn God’s blessing (even if I were one of the ones hired at 6:00 AM, which I am not) I would receive only what every other person in God’s Kingdom receives, regardless of when he or she was brought in.
And what does our leader, our messiah do, in the face of an ideology that slaughters women and children, practices rampant Antisemitism, kills polytheists on sight, and count's all peoples who are not members of their religion as second class beings, but not as people? Does he bring out a might sword and cleave them? Does he rain fire from the skies? Does he come forth to save the women killed for nothing more than being beautiful and wanting to embrace that beauty rather than hide it? Does he save the little children from the blades of holy men who kill or mutilate them?
So start with your favorite pie crust dough. I use a fairly simple one made in my food processor. You, of course, could use a pre made one from the grocery store refrigerator section. That would work too. But if you have the chance, try to make one from scratch. You'll love the freshness.
Do you ever think about me?
Kelly: 2.5
I will be back as soon as I can and the sooner we get the voting started, the quicker the prize can be sent out, I wanted it under one crafters tree this year but the way the post has been and international mail too, I just want it all wrapped up sooner rather than later.
I, on the other hand, am sitting here…trying to tell you what I am feeling simply by what I can see. If i had to sum it up, it would involve something like running and dancing through a field to the tune of a mash up of both ‘the start of something new’ and ‘I’m walking on sunshine.’
Is it just me, or does it seem like Mondays are zooming in quicker lately?
16 The Power Of Positive Drinking
1-2 tbsp sweet chilli sauce (optional)
Fun @ work builds bridges of trust and respect that logic can never match. It reveals character and ingenuity that powerpoint can't hope to portray and helps us demonstrate our humanity and connectedness in a way that no personality profile, team building exercise or intervention will ever hold a candle to. Quite simply fun @ work is good!
Those numbers reveal three countries with distinct problems. South Korea’s most unequal ranking comes from economic participation (#78). China has a serious problem with health and survival (#133). Japan, although it shares a #1 ranking in health and survival with several countries, including The Philippines, is #100 in economic participation. Japan (#80) bests China (#87) in educational attainment, but both beat South Korea (#97). It seems in Japan and South Korea men and women are more likely to live healthily than Chinese women in particular. But, in Japan and South Korea, men have more employment opportunities than women. And, male children are favored more than female ones. I’m wondering if some of this inequality is reflected in income levels, with poorer women dragging down the averages overall, or in empowerment where elite women are more likely to be employed in bureaucracies.
He and Batali “block out the prime-time tables.” They’re the ultimate gate keepers:
ribbon or cording
Quick Joey Small by Kasenetz-Katz Super Circus
She really did love him. I showed her the photo printed at the top of this page (which I hasten to add is a picture taken when Luther was healthy and alive, just in case you were wondering), and she beamed and said: “Oh, Luther was the best cat in the world, wasn’t he?”
2. Who Is Art School Suited For?
A recent conference revisited Nisbet’s ideas in light of online communities. The results were not encouraging.
- Rip R
Authorship and Copyright Notice: All Rights Reserved: Satya Sarada Kandula.
OK. Ready? Fasten your seat belts because here we go! :)
junk and an array of drunks. He lets out a pathetic fart
Talk Talk It’s my life UK
However, the truth is they voted to support the NHS bill.
It certainly is not perfect, but it was released just today and updates may be coming down the line. A few languages are missing, such as Japanese and English as a second language, but there are many others to choose from. I tested the system with simplified Chinese at first, but even at the novice level the hanzi made it too difficult. I now have it set up to help me remember Spanish, but will change it to Italian later this year in preparation for a trip to Napoli (Naples). Get it at the Chrome Web Store and give it a try on hanasu.
The Warden Service also runs on food. The Wardens fish, trap hunt and then prepare their catch. They even do all of the cooking and serving at their annual dinner.
I am teaching 4th grade at Arrowhead. I also started selling Pampered Chef this month, which I am very excited to do. I have a great lady over me that is helping me to get started to pick up lots of business. I will let you know how it is going in future blogs.
During this stage, a stroller might be no different from a car seat, and being tossed into the air by a proud papa might very well be flying. This means that we are in essence dreamers, right from the beginning, born into a dream world as our natural environment for learning. At this stage, anything seems possible (and plausible) because context is non-existent. This is very similar to the premise Aldous Huxley put forth in his book The Doors of Perception, referring to the infant mind as the “Mind at Large”, effectively a super-intelligence innate in us all that must be unlearned or filtered in order to function in our real world.
Thanks Spanx!
The term Minerval is derived from Minerva who was the Roman goddess of poetry, medicine, wisdom, commerce, weaving, crafts, magic, and the music. She is often depicted with her sacred creature, an owl, which symbolizes her ties to wisdom. An ancient symbol of the mysteries, Minerva is prominently featured in places such as the Library of Congress and the Great Seal of California.
The Ruby Spirit CD Release Party
But when he wakes up at 5:00 or later, he is pretty much awake and trying to play with us or get us up. So I've been teaching him that if he's awake and wants to play, "Where do you go?" He now answers that with, "In my room." And I say, "Go on then." And? He does!
My desire for our family is to create a home culture of peace and quiet of soul. A safe place, a nest to which we can return from the clamor of our culture. A place where beauty and truth prevail. Where we are nourished in heart, and soul-fed to return to the sweaty work of loving in this dark world.
Fresh Baked Cookies 1 lb. Tin of Assorted Flavors $24.95: David's Cookies is your sweet tooth satisfying source for 1 lb batches of fresh baked cookies in a tin. These deliciously decadent assorted cookies contain no preservatives, taste just like homemade cookies and make great gifts for a friend, family member, associate or anyone with a soft spot for succulent sweets. Flavors include: choc chunk, peanut butter, oatmeal raisin, mac wht chip, cherry white chip, and double choc chunk equally 12 cookies.
when we got rich. We'd leave the others and find
I find myself doing what I call sleazy activities…listening to inappropriate amounts of R&B, basically whoever sings about sexing you up and slathering you down - and purposely letting my mind wander. I’ve started placing orders to Agent Provocateur and Victoria Secret for future lingerie emergencies. I totally feel like a pervert.
Miller went over to the edge of the water with a ball retriever tool, and found two balls that weren’t his, so he turned to leave. That’s when the alligator launched at him from under the water and got him by his left knee. “He lifted me up three feet and slammed me down,” Miller said.
Hello My Pink Friends and Fans!
Everyone else greeted me with a collective “Hello, (first name)” and then I spent the next few minutes telling them why I had come here.
I liked getting to know the characters as they told me who they are. Also, writing about Lily and Charlie's blooming romance as well as their fights was fun. Most of the secondary characters showed themselves well to me, too. These fake people burrowed into my mind and refuse to leave.
—Beware of Boys by Tony Blundell—a wolf thinks he's pretty clever to have caught a boy in the forest, but pretty soon the kid has the wolf running himself ragged fetching ingredients for various boy-based recipes. A funny, off-the-wall book and one of my personal favorites.
thought presupposes thought
Joanne xo
Great Blesser, we pray that they would be open heavens of divine blessings upon our lives throughout this month, Father, may Your blessings overtake, outrun, and surpass in every areas of our lives throughout this month, in Jesus Blessed Name, we pray . Amen, Amen, and Amen.
A hard-covered and sturdy NIV Bible that let's you know it was definitely made for boys. From it's diamond-plating steel looking cover, to the blue print with orange headings, chapter numbers and orange comment boxes, it should appeal to most tween males.
Thus Applicant's proof failed under both the Polar Music test and the Scholastic test, and therefore the Board affirmed the refusal to register.
Until the day that he forgot.
Add Garden Interest With Pergolas, Lanais, and Gazebos
The Court recalls, first, that the Directive on the legal protection of computer programs1 extends copyright protection to the expression in any form of an intellectual creation of the author of a computer program2. However, ideas and principles which underlie any element of a computer program, including those which underlie its interfaces, are not protected by copyright under that directive.
Now that Ive had time to step back and adapt to this stupid economy, Ive started to get inspired again. Im inspired to make myself a new wardrobe is what Im inspired to do! I would like one of each of these dresses to wear to work and then I would like one of each in black for all those cocktail parties that I'll go to again one day.
4. October 1 1989
I'm a sucker for little cakes and beautiful Brits, so of course I immediately agreed! I mean c'mon, how hard could it be? Plus, I felt an instant fondness to these because they're practically related to cupcakes! Cupcakes = little cakes. Lamingtons = little cakes. You follow the reasoning?
Richard Ward, Brenda Sykes, Ken Norton
Goodnight! :)
The third one is doing the best, actually all the sudden. It’s been there for years as well, and has never bloomed. It’s in afternoon sun.
5. Interested in more citizen science ideas? Then check out Science for Citizens. You can look up upcoming projects or submit your own ideas.﻿ I bet you find something perfect. Be sure to come back and let me know what you've been up to.
Na Nothing Gets Clear Without Me Signing My Name
A pear of liquid rose,
XOXO Sylvia
Daughter came and picked me up and brought me home, bless her. That's another reason I had them take me to that particular hospital. She lives fairly close by. She told me if it happens again to call her and she'll come get me and take me in herself and save ambulance charges. I thanked her and let her know that this time it wouldn't have been the right thing to do as things had gone too far.
I have been thinking a lot about natural complex systems and how I might embed the whole ‘nurture the positive, dampen the negative’ behaviours into the outcomes of a lessons learned workshop. Well this is not my proposed answer but it is hugely interesting, good fun and if it works I should see the benefits.
I wonder if it’s one of those things where if you’re on the inside, it’s okay to say…
The "rippling of the land," though an illusion, is a real indication of a new, unexpected vitality, for "It came of winter's giving ground." As though making a crucial concession in an argument, the earth begins to lose its rigidity-- like "a set mind" realizing that its way of imagining the world, while not wholly false, has been too limited. Winter is not the whole story. To a mind thus restricted, the disturbing experience of "doubt" turns out to be a blessing, since it opens the way not to chaos and meaninglessness, but to "mother-wit," a perceptiveness that is older, more expansive, shrewder, more weathered, more generous.
2 c chicken broth
Preheat an oven to 180°C/350°F. Lightly grease a 24x20cm baking pan*, line with parchment paper leaving an overhang on two opposite sides and butter the paper as well – I used foil.
The queues in question are for clearing passport control at Heathrow. Apparently, wait times have been creeping up, passengers are complaining, and everyone is getting nervous about what this will look like when the world descends on London for the Olympics. According to the Globe and Mail, the source of the problem is a confluence of ramped up security and staff cuts (Long queues at Heathrow spark concern, Apr 30).
I blogged the other day on Daring to Dream, so today I thought it would be appropriate for my Wise Words on Wednesday to be on dreams! I am still dreaming, but even better than that I/we are in the process of moving our dreams forward into reality! It is so exciting! It is exciting to dream and it exciting to see these dreams start evolving into reality. Soon enough I will be ready to share what these dreams are all about and I hope you will be excited too!
1/4 tsp ground cumin
One goal I haven't failed at, I've actually done surprisingly well, is my spending freeze! As I predicted I had some withdrawals at first but found if you separate yourself from temptation it's much easier. I've cut out my lunch trips to Utica Square and I delete all emails from my fave retailers so I won't be tempted by awesome sales. I have to admit it hasn't been near as hard as I thought!
The award-winning “NightJack” blogger was outed in 2009 by the Times of London. At the time the newspaper maintained that its controversial publication of a blogger’s real identity was based on brilliant detective work by a young staff journalist. However, it is now clear that the blogger’s identity was established by unethical and seemingly unlawful hacking of the blogger’s private email account.
I would never have thought the perfect light would be found at the dollar store. Then I started thinking, how many times do we look for the light of the Lord in the places where we think it should be? Yet, we find the brightest reflection of His light in places we don’t expect, that we may not look once at, let alone twice. But, He guides us to those places, so, we can see Him shine His brightest.
Radio Radio still sound like their biggest hip-hop influence is Beck. But if that’s true, then this is their Odelay, a scattershot pop pastiche that pulls in smooth even blues. There’s precious little that most hip-hop fans would recognize—but that works in Radio Radio’s favour, as they’re clearly not trying to play anyone’s game but their own. But is that game any fun? For every wildly
The fruit, the fountain that’s in all of us; in Edward; in Eleanor; so why caparison ourselves on top?
Second, and most vital, Jeremy Hunt only followed the OFT/Ofcom advice when it was helpful to the bid. The one time Ofcom “caused trouble” by advising him to refer the bid to the Competition Commission (which, as an ex-OFT competition expert, I can tell you was a no-brainer), Jeremy Hunt ignored Ofcom. He initially said he was minded to refer, then delayed his decision, sought Undertakings in Lieu, which he accepted and changed his position.
End of spam! Once again, big thanks for everyone who made this trip so frigging awesome~ ♥
Educational accounts need to find ways to put more students in more seats within their institutions. A friend of mine has a business where he works with colleges to recreate their marketing materials in order to increase the number of students attending the schools. His goal is to make the school look as attractive as possible to new students trying to fill more classroom chairs in order to increase revenue for the school.
And now I'm back again.
will be enrolled in an earth science education or geoscience degree program for
Last year however I bought a brand new 16 track digital studio.
Riddle Answer: March.
Also remember this is your last chance to enter
We crossed to another Island a few hundred metres from the first, both are the only limestone islands in the National Park. Fact.
Wonderful, right? But that’s not the advice part, this is:
As with most web-based searches there are weighted elements that are used for quantifying results. In the case of LinkedIn job title is the most heavily weighted. To prove this try doing a LinkedIn search for someone with your exact job title and I’ll bet that you’ll come up in your search. Further evidence can be seen when you conduct a search and your result yields profiles of people who have only included job titles in their profiles. Surely, with over 8,000,000 LinkedIn profiles, your key words would come up in thousands of completely filled out profiles, yet people with job titles matching your search always come up.
by Prof. Richard Scott Nokes, Ph.D
4. Wear your great scarves because they accentuate your beautiful face instead of wrinkles.-same goes for jewelry.
Rafael Gil: Since Occupy Norfolk has started there are a lot of people that can’t make it to Norfolk. The more cities involved the more people that can participate. We are all in this together. We are in solidarity with Occupy Wall St and other Occupy movements around the world. This is a leaderless movement but we do have organizers within each Occupy movement.
So the first thing you need to do when you get your baby home is take a deep cleansing breath. There will be a million things going through your mind, but like in the hospital, freaking out isn’t going to help anything. Most importantly, there is good news. Babies can’t do much but eat, sleep and poop for the first couple months and not necessarily in that order. You have plenty of time to make your home childproof.
But if we've learned anything as Giant fans about Eli and Coach Gilbride and how they work together, we know they are fearless passers and won't let anything like an INT stop them from throwing. So, against the Eagles Sunday, we should be expecting the customary 35 pass-attempts. Let's just hope they keep finding Big Blue Hands. We should have Hakeem Nicks and Mario Manningham available for duty. Kevin Boss makes three reliable receivers Eli will have to work with in the face of crippling injuries to our receivers which includes losing Steve Smith for the season.
Last year I read the story Stand Tall Molly Lou Melon and passed out fun sized (waterMELON flavored) Laffy Taffy candies. I felt these went well with the story because of the MELON part, but also in this book the grandmother tells Molly Lou Melon to "Smile big and the world will smile right alongside you." And as we know, jokes (like the ones on Laffy Taffy) make everyone smile!
So abide in him
As their worlds change around them, Jill and Mandy must learn to both let go and hold on, and that nothing is as easy--or as difficult--as it seems.
the time machine would have to come equipped with every type of survival outfit
Scenario 1: Jack goes quail hunting before school, pulls into school parking lot with shotgun in gun rack.
Long past the point where any other filmmaker would have thrown their hands into the air and declared the plot finished, that this had gone on too long, that they finally needed to get to where they needed to go, ENGAGEMENT pushes things just a little bit further, finding something more worthy of our emotions – whether that be humor, sadness, joy or all of them mixed together. Stoller and Segel find something real, and that makes this one of the most successful romantic comedies in some time.
Where is all that Foward! ProRegress likely to take you? Where will it take us all, if we allow it? Back to the same places it has taken us in the past, each time people were foolish enough to mistake regress for progress. That very question was what financial advisor John Mauldin was recently concerned about, in his column:
There have been deliberations aplenty, with various people commenting on the issue (some comments being more nonsensical than others). Yet in the end I think people like me will be expected to fly back home if we want to vote in the coming elections.
lately I'e been feeling like an overstuffed sausage when I get dressed in the morning. This year I haven't exercised much (aka at all) and all my "skinny" clothes are toooo tight. I could either work out and drop like 5-10 pounds or I can go buy new clothes....what do you think I should do?
I don't know what are the origins of shortbread but I guess every country has its own version. In Algeria we have something similar called "Ghribia". Very tender, melt in your mouth cookies made into different shapes (pyramid shape happens to be the most popular) and decorated with an almond. Some versions have ground almonds or peanuts in the dough. The way these cookies are made is a little different from the "American" shortbread but both have almost the same taste and texture.
Many of these people have also moved their personal belongings to purported safety zones in South America – and only have a minimum number of items left in their own homes in the US.
US hop farmers “want to do everything they can to establish long term mutually beneficial relationships with brewers, and they view craft brewers as the future.” Free at last! IH has been sermonizing from the get go that the craft revolution is big and strong enough to support its own network of farmers, breeders and processors who are committed to putting hand-crafted quality over big box quantity.
This year budget is a no show budget. No major thing of interest except the spending of close to a billion tax payer money, providing buses for private enterprise. However, plus and minus a few months from the budget, we see a major repairs work went by, and going into. I call this, The Ultimate Repair, and if Saddam Hussien is around, he will brand it the Mother of all Repairs.
Watch the western sky right after it gets to dark to watch the heavens in motion. For the entire month, the planets of Venus, Mars, Saturn (and if you can see close enough to the horizon, Mercury) will slowly move among the background stars of Leo and Virgo.
In spite of the warning signs, I walk outside and begin the process. His eye lids are heavy, strange, and he seems overly energized and aggressive. At one point, he snaps at the insurance claims girl on the phone attempting to accuse her in order to manipulate the conversation and push his agenda. I look at the smaller than a penny ding and wonder if getting the entire windshield replaced is right.
Yes, there were some Muslim West African influence brought to the Americas, which can be heard in blues music, but the ring shout dance is from Central Africa. The ring shout dance, which is a counter-clockwise march is based upon the movement of the sun that rises in the east (right), peaks in the north, sets in the west (left) and is reborn in the south. Is a ritualistic or shamanistic ritual performed around the dikenga, yowa or Kongo Cross cosmogram, which was the foundation of the Kongo Society. Anyone that is involved in Bantu-Kongo derived cultural practice will have in the deep recesses of their mind an image of the Kongo Cross, because it permeates every aspect of one’s life. Since the Kongo-Angolan people were the first Africans that the Europeans encountered and enslaved. The Kongo-Angolan people were the most “documented” and “researched.” Proof of the use of this cosmogram can be found in Wyatt MacGaffey’s Religion and Society in Central Africa and Robert F. Thompson’s Flash of the Spirit and Four Moments of the Sun. Here one can find evidence that prior to the advent of the slave trade, the BaKongo (Kongo people) would march around the king’s compound in the same counter-clockwise formation. A similar practice was performed at the death of respected individuals, which can be seen in the New Orleans Jazz funerals.
Long time no see, making my way through midterms and not finding many events to go to lately. Anime Boston is coming up in a few weeks though, so I have some costumes to work on for that. Lately, I have been watching a lot of live-action shows, such as Kamen Rider. Its a wild mix of camp, drama, comedy, crazy fights with costumed monsters, and generally awesome Japanese super hero fun. It seems like a cousin to western comics, just a different culture's take on the same concept. I'd really love to see a Batman/Kamen Rider team up comic, my life would so be made. So why can't America has successful live-action television adaptions of comics?
A meteor shower? Sounds great! But....
SO, I have had to add more feeders and drinkers into the Mega Hen Pen run so while the girls are all shut in they do not kill each other...
Welcome to the Glee Club – surely the most enjoyable part of any Liberal Democrat Conference? After all, it is much more fun than the Leader’s speech, though we did all roar the year that Charles Kennedy said “I won’t let you down.”
The Archangel thinks he’s the good guy. It’s the dangers of self-righteousness that I’m raising through him. It’s clear to us (as readers) he’s motivated by pure selfishness and also that’s he’s fallen off the straight and narrow. He’s biblical attributes are primarily of war, and no-one can remain unblemished by war.
School spirit is very important to me. I want to be proud of where to go to college, and Syracuse University is the perfect fit. The students there scream for their sports teams and they are a big, loving, orange community. I visited SU during the Spring Reception and every student I talked to told me that choosing SU was the best decision of their life. My favorite part of campus visits are the tours. I really want to be a tour guide when I get to college. That way, I will be able to show other people how much I love the school I am going to.
“We’re not salesmen.” The man with the shark grin stood outside my security screen.
- Foreigners who are deported from Mexico and attempt to re-enter the country without authorization can be imprisoned for up to 10 years. (Article 118)
410-381-4390
I knew I had to do something to get off the road I was on. I just couldn’t see that I was headed for another crash. I had the blinders on and never saw the on coming traffic. I had no clue how to be a life defensive driver. Through a series of running stop signs I found myself in a pretty deep valley with no hope (I thought) of making it up the mountain to see the sunrise. It was only when I took the blinders off and allowed those on the side of the road to give me a hand did I find myself able to start climbing up the mountain towards the sun.
Here is one of my photos of the fields of Flanders from a memorable trip in 2006:
Once again, I’m not saying that Millet shouldn’t have sex with whoever she pleases. On the contrary, I believe that that is her right. I just don’t want to read about it because her style is so dreary she might as well be writing about having a catheter put in. Sex to her is as simple as eating a bowl of soup. Fine, I suppose, but a woman eating bowl after bowl of soup does not a bestseller make. Even if the soup is a slightly different flavour each time.
And then.. Mass. Ahh. The Easter Triduum have been my favorite masses for a very long time. There’s something about them that just always puts me in an exceptionally awesome mood. I often refer to Easter as the Catholic New Year because in a lot of ways it symbolizes a rebirth, and I usually feel a bit of that rebirth after going to mass – particularly the Easter Vigil Mass. And so, after wandering around trying to find this very well-hidden (yet gigantic) cathedral, we turned a corner and were confronted with a very imperial-looking building that we could only assume was St. Stephan’s Cathedral. It was gorgeous. The roof, in particular, caught my eye, but I don’t have very many great photos of it.
My OB isn't concerned with his weight, saying he's always measured a little small. The breech part is the issue. At this point there's really no turning him since there isn't much room in there for him to move. Trying to turn him could result in several things other than working: extremely painful, not effective, or an emergency c-section. So, we've scheduled our c-section, and Nolan is due to arrive Tuesday, November 16 @ noon!
Churches and people have a right to believe what they believe about marriage. I would even go so far as to say they have a right to defend that belief, and should not be forced to do anything they are morally opposed to doing, such as performing gay marriages, etc. But the largest tenet of Christian belief, at least according to, you know, Jesus, is loving God and our neighbor, and I've seen some pretty horrific examples of Christians doing a terrible job at that.
1 tbsp amaretto liquer, plus extra for soaking the sponges
Anyway… as Christmas got closer and closer, I was being asked by our therapist if I was going to get a tree. Of course, I would start crying and we would discuss it some more.
However, that's ok because March is always one of the best months of the year, mainly because of SXSW and St. Patrick's Day, two of my very favorite things to celebrate. For SXSW this year we spent most of our time at Rachael Ray's parties. No lines, open bar, great music!
Obama, who said he would not appoint lobbyists and Wall Street insiders to influential positions, took office and promptly began appointing lobbyists and Wall Street insiders to just such positions. Many of his appointments created public embarrassments that he and the mainstream media substantially and successfully ignored. Many of Obama’s appointees seemed to have trouble paying their taxes. Ironically, Tim Geithner, Obama’s choice for Treasury Secretary, was found to owe the IRS over $35,000 in unpaid taxes. Still, Geithner was appointed to oversee the Treasury. Not only was he a tax cheat, he was also one of Wall Streets most influential advocates. So much for Obama’s promise.
Thats probably all for today, usually I'm trying to do the FS challenge this afternoon --- but softball season is back and I'll probably be running around a diamond! Wish me luck!!! :) Thanks for visiting!!!! :)
Vintage sheer gloves, Bow Boutique €30
Bear Republic Brewing Co. Black Mamba
Either way, though, my academic engine has difficulty shutting off, and so here I am with some meta-notes, my own attempt to try to understand precisely the formula that makes something like this so addicting and even interesting.
1930, US, directed by F.W. Murnau
peacekeeping capacity. It is also
Friends, there is an alternative to this madness. A wonderful, humble tissue from simple beginnings. This brand is known as Kleenex. You may think that Kleenex is the perpetrator here, but rest assured they are nowhere near that. Kleenex came from a paper company a long time before most of us existed. This wonderful young company actually created the very first facial tissue. They are indeed the granddaddy of all tissues. They have been in business for 88 years, serving every man, woman, and child under the sun and helping with their everyday needs. Kleenex tissues are the original. The most trusted. The all-around best brand their is. How could any one be deceived by the copycats and swindlers of another brand? Kleenex is in every home, hospital, funeral home, clinic, and school. You name a place, and Kleenex is there! It’s because they are trusted, reliable, and good. Why change what’s not broken? When you were sad, happy, young, in school, at work, at your worst, which brand was there to dry your tears when you needed it? Why, obviously Kleenex. Because their soft, wonderful tissue has always been, and will always be good to you. Kleenex will never let anyone down or swindle you. Why leave their loving brand for an imposter? An evil, greedy company that has stolen anothers’ product? Don’t allow them to fool you. Choose Kleenex. Choose the good side.
I will return to training after taking one week off (I did train hard the week of Christmas), though I'm going to stay away from sparring and grappling for a bit more to be sure my rib is healed.
Rode Memorial Hall
Then add the chocolate chips.
Did you
﻿If the trick of capturing a Bird in Flight was pulled off so effectively in 1882, then why is this accomplishment still so intoxicating to every bird photographer great and small to this very day? Perhaps it has more to do with the singular experience of taking such a picture than the picture itself.
Are there certain things you'd like to see happen, as far as closure for her?
2010 was the first time in history that the total amount borrowed in student loans surpassed the $100 billion mark. Those numbers are rising every year too. If you can stand it, here’s another tid bit of alarming news: In 2011, the total amount of money outstanding in student loans was more than $1 trillion.
Thanks so much for inspiring us today, Sabrina! It's beautiful!!
Education Requirements:
Cardstock
Then a couple things happened.
Boswell Book Company
1337 D-II/7/2000. “ On Marbury v. Madison.” Constitutional Law Course, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. See Item C- 2003(6), above.
is between
“With all the pleasure in the world, Mr. Digby,” said the other, as he got on to a chair. “That’s what you came for. I want the opinion of an expert.”
The online privacy software company Abine, which makes Do Not Track Plus, also offers a service called DeleteMe, which removes your data from numerous tracking sites and keeps it from coming back. In an unusual gesture, though, they’ve made public how to do for yourself everything that DeleteMe does. Here’s my take on their advice.
I hate them because they are happier than me
Favorite Pet- Max
That may be for the best from the county’s vantage point. If the medical examiner is not a judicial officer, according to the defense attorneys, an even bigger problem arises — one that could result in criminal charges, rather than constitutional violations.
Walt – Well, we weren’t on any of his slide or any lists that he talked about. But he did talk about Mesa Del Sol and how it is an example of how cities and developments will need to be constructed in the future. Close to air travel, great infrastructure for connectivity, which Mesa del Sol has and creating a sense of place and connection.
The third miraculous healing takes place shortly after the Master finishes with the Centurion. He goes to the home of his disciple Peter where he’ll be staying and He sees Peter’s mother-in-law lying sick with a fever.
Author: Kathleen Y’Barbo
But I have thought it through, and I just want to keep the ball in play as best I can. I want to give her lots of chances to hit more shots, rather than waste her time making her run after and do-over the ones I could have easily gotten. I want to make it look easy. To make her feel good. I want to hit even the wildest shots back to her like a pro.
Good advice, although just the opposite of what I was taught, which was to question nothing. To question things was too often regarded as a breach of faith. I know now, however, until you question your faith, you have no faith. You might have beliefs. But, as Deepak Chopra has rightly noted, “Beliefs are just a cover-up for insecurity; you only believe in the things you’re not certain about” (“Why Is God Laughing?”).
Quilt pattern designers, publishers, manufacturers and fabric designers, all have integral roles in the life of the quilting world as a whole. Our commitments to helping it and its wide array of members thrive will enable it to continue to blossom colorfully into the future.
And here's the finished product!
And I walked all around, taking pictures. Mama has tons of flowers and nice little things (stuff) around her gardens. I had a ball.
1. Try making these: with Aagaard Farms eggs of course, and probably with soy instead of almond milk. I’ve also got some fresh frozen berries and homemade strawberry jam to go with them.
All pictures are taken in natural light, no flash. Click to enlarge.
Who out there loves shoes? Besides me…because I think shoes are fabulous! Don’t take them for granted because there are so many people out there who can’t even afford to wear shoes. Take a quick second to be thankful that (if you’re like me) you’ve got several pairs (ok…many pairs) in your closet! Leave a comment and tell me what your favorite pair of shoes are!
PLAYING superbly, the 38 year old started with the means to carry on. Beginning his first 9-holes 4 under par, he seemed to have taken the bull by the horns. Despite a disappointing start to the back nine, Lee regained focus and with that…his form.
- in church, or with a priest/nun
Driving in a caravan through the obliterated landscapes of industrial San Fernando, we visited spreading fields for rubble and saw gravel conveyers at work, and then we headed further northeast into the debris basins of the San Gabriels. We got an introduction to the functional geometry of these mud-filled reservoirs with a site manager for the Army Corps of Engineers, who told us about a "geologic problem" up in the hills that he worries will fill all of L.A.'s basins any storm now, eyeing the mountaintops warily. We saw artificial hills of flattened dirt growing into a new state park with panoramic views of nearly the entire L.A. region, and we drove through whole neighborhoods lined with modular concrete deflection walls to protect the houses from future rockslides.
All in One Bakeshop
I TRUST MYSELF TO DO WHAT IS IN MY BEST INTEREST
Writing process? What’s that? I don’t do much outlining. Sometimes ideas come as I write, other times, they’ve been in my head for a long time and they find a place to fit in the story. I’ve written the skeletons of several stories during November for NaNoWriMo. Then they hang around on computer for a while, and when I need or want to work on something new, I pick one and expand, rewrite, revise, etc. So far, I’ve passed or am passing much of my work to my writer’s group for critique, but as I gain more experience and perhaps become more prolific, that may be reserved for only certain pieces.
To enter I'd love for you to leave me a comment giving me your favourite thrifty tip over the holiday season and.. that's it! Please make sure I can contact you by leaving your email address in your comment or enabling your email on your profile.
Casey Anthony had seemingly requested that her long standing attorney Jose Baez leave the case. Jose Baez was the initial attorney that began with Anthony in the beginning stages of her being charged with Murder.
M — Education:
Seeth thou a man diligent in his business! Tell your neighbor “stop being lazy and your star will begin to rise”.
There's something about fermented drinks that is surprisingly universal. I don't know why this is so, but it's fascinating to think that every culture in the world has something unique you can get drunk on. When my Korean students were puzzled about lambanog, I explained that it was the Filipino soju and they understood immediately--although the former is made from coconut juice and the latter is made from rice. Even wines made from the same kind of grapes taste different depending on the soil and climate of the vineyards the grapes are grown in--which is why many European wines are named after places, and their American and Australian counterparts have more of a marketing challenge despite being, to everyone else but wine snobs, virtually the same product. And these days, many countries with majority Muslim populations are pretty relaxed about liquor; and even those others which seem bent to make up for it with their intense zeal have underground breweries here and there.
Bacon, eggs, beans, toast, fried tomato (eww) mushrooms (double eww) and possibly a sausage.
But somewhere in my pea brain I thought it would be different if I (1) bent over backwards and stuck my head up my ass and (2) didn’t kill her when she said “Santa might get you great presents too if you were nicer to him like I am” and (3) tried to be the opposite of my own mother whenever humanly possible.
That doesn’t mean I haven’t tried to grow, learn new things, and live life. I have continued to try to keep my speaking, writing, and critical thinking skills sharp. I have read a lot of books on everything from Permaculture to the Elegant Universe. I have started a peramaculture garden, helped plan and execute events, and traveled a bit. I have attended wine tastings, gone to Toastmasters, and looked for ways to be more social. I am restless. However, I am not getting paid, I am not getting the almighty professional experience needed to build a career, and I have been having a hard time creating an intimate social life because I never know where my job might be.
So, you can start running again, if, and only if:
I know it's ambitious to think we can handle a project a day until Christmas arrives, but here's what I have in mind so far (in no particular order) ...
WELL, not only was the dog in the picture unbelievably adorable, but she was one of those hypo-allergic dogs (with hair instead of fur)!!!!! I felt it was all meant to be. We applied to adopt, crossed our fingers, and I looked at her little pictures on line everyday. When we learned we were approved and Diesel would be a part of our fmaily, we also learned she had another brother. Dexter, we adopted sight unseen but if we could keep part of the family together, I really wanted to do that. I'm so happy we got them both. I didn't care what Dexter looked like, I knew that E and had a good life to offer to any dog so I was happy to open my heart to another lil furry dog as well.
Boom Boom is measuring 11w0d with a heart rate of 170
After the vote, Senator Harry Reid, the Nevada Democrat and majority leader, said the Senate was for the moment abandoning its fallback plan and would not immediately move ahead with a procedural maneuver proposed by Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky to increase the debt limit. He said the Senate would instead await the results of negotiations between Mr. Obama and the House speaker, John A. Boehner of Ohio, over a broad deficit reduction package.
Here are some of the piccies (the group photos will be sent to us later on).
Quality control: 9/10 These are packaged very well on purpose, though the composition of the helmet cards leaves them open to some peeling/chipping
The Good Food and Wine Festival
3.) Allow for late registration of persons who never made it into the birth registry books. Allow for a range of evidence to prove the fact of birth, including use of witnesses and/ or DNA tests.
These topics, these words, lie heavy on my heart today. Why? Because I believe God wants me to share this message with you -
The huge pocket is my favorite thing about this apron. It's ginormous! And the fact that it's cocked to one side to look like a diamond gives it a nice playful look.
2. Daniel Baldwin was the arson investigator. I cannot tell one Baldwin apart from the next. I have a hypothesis that they are the same person but with variation in make-up/fat-suit. Pictures of the “brothers” together are doctored.
Needless to say, I was so wrapped up in the evening’s events that I forgot to take any detailed tasting notes, but the 12 Year Old immediately took me back to our Bowmore tasting on the coast back in January (this has some more in-depth tasting notes). Smooth and with incredibly well-balanced flavours, the 12 Year Old contrasted with the richness of the evening, with its savoury wood notes and a hint of peat on the finish. The 15 Year Old (Darkest) was much sweeter and heavier, with hints of raisins, almond and darker wood notes.
-oregano
There are many different ways to make quince into jam. You can grate it, you can slice it thinly and you can cut in small chunks. With the slicing it turns into more of a conserve. Or you can make jelly. So I made a bit of everything.
Fleming noted that this happened in 2010 when prices peaked and year-over-year growth rate was positive. This was also a time when the home buyer tax credit was available. House prices stabilized, but the problem with that, Fleming explained, is that when the tax credit expired, demand disappeared and prices continued to fall again.
The coughing resumed almost instantly as I found my way to a bench to retie my shoe that had come untied as as they removed the timing chip. My friend David Dinan, who had just run what for me is an unfathomable personal record time of 1:36, kindly waited around the additional 46 minutes it took me to finish so that he could congratulate me on my own PR. That made me really happy. I was also able to find the gal who shouted to me as I ran off course and thank her. We had passed each other and talked a few times during the course but in the end, I faded and she did not. She finished several minutes ahead of me.
Hmmm...about that fire. No matches. There are several ways to start a fire without matches. Flint and steel requires two things we didn't have: flint and steel (btw, pocket knives are made of stainless steel, which doesn't work very well for a spark - you need plain old rusty steel for that). And fire by friction (rubbing sticks together) is just way too much work. There are ways to make it easier, but they all require materials we didn't have. Hmmm, how else can we make a fire?
8. Best & Marsh (7" Edit)
My emotions were all over the place for the rest of the day. When I went home and seriously thought of this, and talked with Betty it became clear to me that for whatever reason, this was not without a reason! God was at work. No doubt about it. You either believe that HE has control or not, I choose to believe that he is in control and that ALL things that he does work together for my Good, because I DO love him (Romans 8:28) This is a trial, it is something that he has allowed to come into my life and every trial is an opportunity to be a STEWARD of that trial. My thoughts turned to my friend Rafe Refior who is a deacon at our church, Rafe fell from a stepladder in July of 2008 and severely broke both of his legs in a way that was truly horrible and painful, to this day he is still undergoing surgeries to correct the damage, and even subsequent surgeries to fix the infection caused by previous surgeries. Thru all of this Rafe has been an amazing example to me of how a Christian can handle trials. I’ve heard many people say that God is in control all the time only to not actually perform as if this is true when life is hard for them – Rafe didn’t do that – I’ve never heard him talk about how bad this was, I’ve heard him talk about how it was a BLESSING, how he grew closer to his wife than he ever thought possible just by the fact that his legs were broken and his care was her primary concern. Rafe had been a shining example to me of how a trial could be handled, and I decided right there in my recliner that I was going to be a good steward of the trial that God had allowed to come into my life. I can’t even begin to describe to you the peace that came over me, it was tangible.. I’m not kidding.. I seriously felt right then and there as if I had the empowerment of the Holy Spirit just holding me up. As I write this I am recalling this experience and it literally brings tears to my eyes and makes my chest feel funny.. I really wish my chest wouldn’t feel funny. I won’t say that I never had another fear because that would be a lie, but I will say that remembering that this was a stewardship opportunity for me had a calming effect.
I used dapping tools and hammers.
His humble upbringing clearly taught him to value people over possessions, something that is obvious on set as he pauses to chat with the Make-Up Artists or make a stressed Production Assistant laugh. “The best part of playing Kol is the great people I get to work with every day,” he told me before running off to converse with the show’s writer. And the cast and crew clearly love him as much as he loves them. “He’s my mate!” announced Joseph Morgan, the actor who plays the infamous Klaus, looping his arm around Nathanial’s shoulders with a cheeky grin. Off screen, Nathaniel and Joseph are the Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn of The Vampire Diaries cast, constantly joking around, or ‘mucking about’ as they call it, and coming up with grand schemes for new
Earlier in verse 21 he testified, “For me to live is Christ, and to die is gain.” This is a total commitment to the Lord which enabled him to be content in whatever state he was in. This enabled him to endure hardness. He knew experientially what he wrote in Romans 8:18.
I can choose to look at the coin of the whole rather than get fixated on one side. What's more, everything cycles, and in getting stuck on one 'pole' we miss the bigger cycle that is inclusive.
“Well now that’s done: and I’m glad it’s over.”
“The magic word?”
Whether you are a dog, a cat, or a person, the mirror doesn’t always show what we think of ourselves, and it certainly doesn’t show everything that others see when the look at us, does it? Sometimes it isn’t just the visible image. There are other senses that we use besides sight.
Instead we get officials from UMass saying it's all in the past (why they kept it secret for a year, thus putting it in the past) and things are now all better.
Ladies, I'll be sending emails to both of you. Thanks to everyone for entering!
“I’m cool.” Regent shifted the position of his stool a half-foot to his left, so he could lean back against the corner of the refrigerator. He brought one of his feet up onto the seat of the stool and rested his chin on his knee.
Everyone is home for my birthday weekend! Hurray! I go into town for a coffee and a sandwich at Caffe Nero with Lucy and Harriet. We sit by an upstairs window and chat and watch the Saturday shoppers and it’s all very sophisticated and enjoyable. I excuse myself to go to the toilet and spend fifteen minutes standing by a locked cupboard, trying the handle every so often, before I realise that it is a locked cupboard and not the upstairs toilet. I no longer feel sophisticated.
What a week and what a month. If you have ever traded in your life, or been an entrepreneur, you know the stress that comes along with periods where sales are down or, in my case, trades are just not working out in your favor. The past month has been one of those months where nothing just seems to work. This started April 3 rd when I was working with a client in a live shadow trading session. I had been calling for a sharp gold sell off for the past week and mentioned that same morning it was about to happen here pretty quickly (later in that day or the next). Now, I have been working a Euro/Asian session the past 3 months at an FX firm so my days have been 17+ hours and on this day I wanted to take an hour nap to before coming back to trade the afternoon session. Well, I came back to Gold down more than -$50 points which was HUGE money in the GLD puts. HUGE. These are the trades where you make your $10-$15k in a few minutes that make up for the small losers you take here and there. Any trader can tell you that it’s the winners that make the small losers feel like they never existed, and the big trades are absolutely necessary for survival in this game. From that point on I missed a few big moves in Priceline last week and then again this Wednesday after putting a strong short position on Apple looking for sub $580. That position flipped on me and I was stopped. Only to see the move come today and watch the same contracts trade to +$7.00 which would have netted me north of $9,000. This type of thing will happen and all we can do is continue to move forward. Others won’t understand it and why should they? This is a game only a few have the nerves or courage to attempt and even fewer who actually succeed. But it’s the idea of mastering it, if that is possible, that keeps me motivated, that keeps me pushing to better myself as a trader and it should do the same for those of you who are serious about it. This business will make you self reflect like none other, guaranteed. And when you miss on trades or lose on trades that seems to be multiplied, but the key, so I believe, is to keep on pushing, I mean, where else are you able to make this type of money and feel such reward?
The more relaxed “¡Viva La Gloria!” follows and shows the softer side of Green Day for a few tender moments before blasting off to the hard sound we have been accustomed to for their entire career. Much like their previous live album Bullet in a Bible, Green Day’s Awesome As F**k primarily focuses on songs from the previous album (21st Century Breakdown features six songs), but do include some awesome tracks from their back catalog.
So yes, indeed, being the sneak and snake that Joan is, in the book she DID REVEAL our names, by placing the title of an article and where it can be gotten, directly IN THE BOOK, as well as giving our family names and dates and places, easily researched,…all of which were reasons that Trafford dropped the book…they wanted NOTHING to do with any libelous book they would continue to publish ONCE they were made fully aware of the contents.
We gurgle content when you are out of sight
Andrew Snell, CEO of the Conservatorium for the past three years, marvels at the longevity of the relationship.
That’s why I like playing the Blues. It’s pure emotion, and when it’s good it’s the undiluted soul pouring out of the people involved. You connect with the musicians on stage and with whoever is listening. It builds a relationship with audience.
Success at last! And an “A” which I think was more for my effort than my content!
There are a few requirements to accepting the Honest Scrap Award and they are as follows. A) I must thank the person who gave me the award and list their blog and link. B) I must list 10 honest things about myself. C) I must put a copy of the The Honest Scrap logo on my blog. D) I must select at least 7 other worthy bloggers and list their links.
Hopefully.
But I tell you what worried me most about minimalism - one blog suggested that one should even be minimalist in one's conversations - to weigh each word and only have meaningful communications with other people. That, my dahlings, you will not be surprised to hear, frightened the life out of me!
Paper: "The Merry Days of Christmas"-MME, Whisper White, Marina Mist, Cherry Cobbler
*Wishes I had thought of this mashup of Angry Birds and The A-Team*
I think of all the things I could/should be doing, but I don't really care about any of them.
Blessings!
There were times that I believed I was the only person who struggled with such things, in spite of knowing that “there hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man” (I Corinthians 10:13). Yet still I struggled alone, never quite gone, but brought so low that I began to wonder if I was worth the bullet.
Towards the world.
We arrived at a local restaurant to eat lunch and there we surprised Josh not only with his buddies but also with a 3D General Lee cake! As a kid Josh was obsessed with the Dukes of Hazard (actually, he still is! haha) Josh was speechless, and for once I snuck something past him without him having the slightest idea that I was up to no good :) Woohoo! Go me! :)
“Oh God, please don’t let me vomit in this car!”
and then that Ernest and Hadley met the writers of Sylvia Beach's Shakespeare and Co. bookstore,
1) Tofu – 500 gms
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C).
US defence budget accounts to 60% of ten biggest defence budgets of different nations.
But I can't get near you now
I've posted before about the Incarnation and how it makes the cities so much better, even holy. But there's another side -- cities were made by sinful men, and therefore they are sinful. A city is everything mankind is, concentrated as the people are concentrated.
Next dice the squash into 1/2" cubes. You are probably used to roasting winter squash in the oven, but this time you are going to try a different technique- pan roasting winter squash. Chop up some red onion and garlic into thin slices. Heat olive oil in a large skillet and toss in the sliced red onions, cooking until soft. Add the thinly sliced garlic and crushed red pepper, stirring until fragrant but not browned. Stir in the diced winter squash and some fresh thyme; let it all cook for a few minutes over moderately high heat. Season well with sea salt and pepper. Then cover the skillet and cook over low heat, until the squash becomes tender.
And the Walmart they go to will not be organized and it will already be picked over by ten thousand other people on the same exact mission and glue sticks will be put where the expo markers should be and red pens will be put where the post it notes should be. Oh! And don't forget the gallon ziplocs and baby wipes and boxes of tissues to donate to the class.
Seat easily removes from base for transporting and storage
(1) The Islamic reformation, brokered by Islamic leaders in Europe and Indonesia, resulted in the Sunni-Shiite fusion and the Middle Eastern cultural renaissance. And the great awakening in Europe and America, leading to Zen-lite becoming their major religions.
I found this recipe way back as I was browsing Joy The Baker’s website and was immediately curious. There are quite a few pound cake recipes I’ve come across that I would like to try, but none that have piqued my interest as much as this particular one. I’ve already made cakes with zucchinis in them, but avocados? Isn’t that just for guacamolé and fruit smoothies? But wouldn’t it be ever so interesting though, to eat a cake that is made of avocados, or simply a cake that cannot help but be green?
8: just call me Joe 5:59
I got here just as the service was starting.
Don't forget to 'do the rounds' and see how the other members have interpreted my theme, and enjoy this tenuously inspired piece of music. And if you fancy joining in the madness every Wednesday, as we are short of members at the moment, then please do get in touch.
Though I am well aware that some of my colleagues will disagree with me, I don't think content mills are all bad. I think they're an ideal place to get one's feet wet in the industry--a jumping off point. Sharpen your skills, get used to working with editors, that sort of thing.
Another exciting thing about May? Anastasia of Beverly Hills!
Superior and funny. I’m like Joanna Lumley mixed in with Victoria Wood.
This means that although on paper I’m doing far better than I was a few years ago when I was writing for Shaun The Sheep and Green Wing (effectively a sketch show, remember), and I handed in a script in March, I’m writing this with mounting overdraft fees on a laptop whose screen only works when it’s at an angle of exactly 60 degrees to the keyboard, and a rubbery nipple where an ‘M’ key used to be.
In this spirit, I present this list of the top ten foods (in some particular order) Amari has most enjoyed in her first two years of eating.
The secret, I am told, is toilet paper. You must have a small piece of toilet paper with which to grip the tooth while gently moving it back and forth. Without toilet paper, one would have to hold the tooth itself, and that would be gross. Also, without toilet paper, one would have to see the blood on one's fingers, which would also be gross. And the faster you move the tooth, the more blood appears, which is definitely gross.
Stúdíó Sýrland
I say that politically, the YES side has NOTHING to gain from hurling three hand grenades to kill some innocent civilians attending a peaceful rally, exercise their constitutional rights to assemble, associate and express themselves. After all, proponents of the YES side are particularly enthusiastic about the expanded Bill of Rights in the proposed draft constitution.
Where is your confidence? Where you put your confidence?
Hey guys!!! I hope y’all are doing great! Well, I’m not. I was quite disappointed when I found out that no one sent their Easter pictures to me. Well, it’s one of those things…
but Then again,
And I don't have to carry crackers in my purse anymore.
“And who is this Ishcandar?” demanded Arik in a booming voice.
Yes. Some of the Frogs have an interesting odor.
1tsp siracha
I cut small holes in the bodysuit where the arrows are pointing, you just carefully pull it down over the posts until they sit at the bottom. I will explain about the posts in a bit here.
We left Omaha Wednesday afternoon to drive out to Chicago, which took about an hour and a half longer due to tons of construction. On the way there, I got a call from the hospital asking if I'd consent to having my surgery photographed for some magazine. Of course I said yes - I'm all for educating anyone I can about the TAC. I told Trisha about it and she joked that my cervix would now be bionic AND famous. Autographs, anyone?
I have never felt the need to live near Santa Pod, or Daytona, the Hockenheimring or indeed any other racetrack. So I guess I should consider myself lucky that my distance from the world of racing is countered for by the plethora of boy racers who see fit to roar along the high street covering tiny distances at a time, at very nearly a great speed.
J. R.R R Tolkein Lord of The Rings :The Ring Goes East (1999 – 7 volume edition) Harper Collins
Following my list, I went shopping and then I cooked up some chickpeas to take. They are handy for mashing into a sandwich spread or dropping into a vegetable soup. I also made Cashew Parmesan and Cashew Ricotta for the Torta Pasquelina I make for our Easter entree, and put the ricotta in the freezer.
By Tuesday morning Ryann was thankfully back to her chipper little self. Since she had been loving the few alphabet crayons we had, we decided to make another set. And I thought I was going to be all top chef or something and grill a pork tenderloin myself. Yeah, apparently I had the heat up too high and quickly seared the outside, leaving the inside raw. Thankfully Hubby came home and rescued the dinner. Sometimes I hate that he is a much better cook than me. But I'm glad at least one of us can cook :o).
PROS: Fairly trim; very well made; leg gussets help keep "stuff" inside the diaper *wink*; the two sizes cover a huge weight range, eliminating the need for special newborn covers (unless your baby is really tiny). and they come in a ton of cute colors and prints, which is totally unimportant but undeniably fun!
The capital gain can be reduced by other costs in relation to the purchase and sale of your property including conveyancing fees, stamp duty, building and pest inspections and selling commission and advertising.
THERE are two white board apps out there that seem to be the head of the pack. I asked Cassidy to use both apps during a jeopardy review activity to see which one she liked better. Her table team LOVED the idea, as they got to have their own iPad plus mine with the new app on it! They discovered all sorts of great features on both apps while studying for their Early English Colonies test.
Well he got it. And its disturbing too. This entire film is disturbing. You’re gonna wanna take a shower after watching it.
(Bristol leaves.)
Daily Report of International Spice Commodities
Sneakin’ down the hall—just a little clatter—
I also like to identify the fields of photography. This helps myself and the photographer. I know what skill set they need, and it allows me to target photographers who can teach me skills I am interested in learning (like studio, location, product, celebrity portraits, commercial, etc.). If I am looking for a specific experience I can target the photographers in that field of interest.
Depressingly, I've seen a more general contempt for the short story increase down the years, and signs that people no longer know how to read them. My reading group, for instance, won't touch them: they're not satisfying, some of the members have complained, you can't sink into them like you can with a novel, and anyway how could you discuss a whole book of different stories? They had not entertained the idea that a single really good short story could take as much time to discuss as a novel.
Before I go any further, if you are not a Net Income Solution (NIS) member, please go to the link on the right and join now (it’s FREE!). Once you do that, you will be assigned to me as your Mentor and I will direct you back to this page.
More than likely, your book will have a cover price of $6.99 (and yes your royalties should be based off of the cover price but that’s for a future blog—I’m just trying to get you to see what might be offered as the advance and hence this silly formula thingie).
If, for any reason, you've been looking at Divergent and thought: too much hype, not my thing, girl protagonist, nothing is as good as Hunger Games, I urge you with all my heart to re-look at Divergent and to give it a go. The writing is superb, as is the world Ms. Roth has created. Tris is an amazing character and grows so much in Divergent. Yes, there is a bit of a love interest, and Four is a great match for Tris. He is a real boy, a strong and independent young man and you can see why Tris falls for him. And before you put up your hand and say: "eeew, kissing" - I'm happy to say, there is more action, more tooling up with weapons and doing crazy stunts, than there is kissing or staring at each other in a loving fashion.
all time is not ours.
Men tend to struggle over what they should buy for this day, and how much they would spend. However, he would clean her up, and prepare her to be a wife again only to lose her as he slept. He was left to tend to the children and secure them to the point where they would not wonder where mother was. He cared for children who didn’t even bear his name. But he forgave her again and again. Just when he was ready to give up, the Lord sent him one final time, and commissioned him to restore her with the promise that she would never find anyone else’s arms to comfort her. she was looking for love in all the wrong places, when true love was sitting at home waiting for her all the time.
Fearless (Elemental #1.5): Why? Because I loved Storm. I loved Storm. I loved Storm. I loved Storm. Oh, hi there. Brain glitch. Sorry. I loved Storm! I feel hard for the characters and story Brigid brought to life and now I want more, damnit! Fearless is a novella set between Storm and Spark, focusing this time on Hunter. Who I am REALLY interested in probing even further. Who is Clare? Why isn't it August yet? And do you see his hand totally beckoning me closer on the cover?
I spent last week in a haze of half sleep, burning 103 degree fever, sweatsoaked sheets, and 6-hour countdowns for the next little orange Advil pill. The hardest part of the week was the boredom and dull depression that slowly descended from not running, and the feeling that this sickness just wouldn't end.
I know it is considered by many to be a “native weed”, but just look how lovely it is on a sunny day! I love the way it unfurls from a tight pink fist into a spray of white and yellow sunshine.
I felt near panic as I listened. Each tale he wove was more sickening than the last. I thought of all the MacBooks, iPads, and iPods that I have purchased in my life and realized that I have been complicit in countless crimes against humanity. I couldn’t even begin to comprehend the true cost of the sleek, sexy glass and aluminum gadget that I had so quickly replaced after carelessly dropping the last one. But what am I to do? How can I change these unspeakable working conditions when the vast majority of the products I use are made in China? I make an effort to shop locally whenever possible, but sometimes there isn’t much choice – there is a reason that Apple doesn’t have factories in Boston.
Hipekinetik is the solo album of Toño Tranquilino (drummer of stoner rock band Yokozuna), in which he explores many other forms of making music. Its sound tastefully blends 60s Brazilian psychedelia and heartfelt folk songs, led by a jazz-influenced piano. Candyflip stands out on the introspective 12-piece set, as a cathartic moment in his captivating relief which eventually becomes a self-discovery quest.
Escaping work can involve getting away to a place that is removed from all reminders of the job. Spending time hiking in a wilderness environment, far from the pressures of the job, may offer time to gain a fresh perspective on issues in the workplace. Often this provides opportunities to reflect on past work and life experiences.
I've spent some time working with this adorable manga digi image that I was very lucky to receive as a prize for participating in a Crafty Sentiments Designs challenge. Whether this young couple knew each other before this little mishap or not, they're just destined to be together. Ahhh . . . new love.
I think it is especially interesting, from this Vengeful God who in later chapters will order a lot of killings in His name, that with the first recorded murder (and sin outside of eating the fruit), the punishment isn’t death. In fact, because Cain is afraid that others will kill him after they find out he is cursed, God offers him the protection that if someone kills Cain, they will be avenged seven-fold. Which effectively makes the punishment for killing Cain, a murderer, worse than killing your innocent brother because you are jealous his offerings are approved of by God.
“I am still a victim of chess. It has all the beauty of art -- and much more. It cannot be commercialized. Chess is much purer than art in its social position.”
Tomorrow is the six-month-mark from the beginning of penning my first novel, and I’ve still consistently been writing in it. I almost can’t believe that I’ve kept with it so long and so consistently- I’m absolutely thrilled!
Our resort, the Royal Playa del Carmen, faces the beach in the middle of the town of Playa del Carmen. While it had no gate, security was heavy around the large driveway. We also saw policemen patrolling the area with regularity and even one handcuffed man being whisked away. But there was never a moment that we felt at risk, even as we strolled the streets of the town.
mother admonishes daughter,
Though the mountains shake with its swelling. Selah
Last week we went back to basics in writing and really practiced just writing sentences and worked on identifying what is a sentence and what is not a sentence. I realized we had to go there when some of their achievement testing showed that they could not take a group of words and make a sentence out of them. We started with this anchor chart:
It’s surprising how much you can start out disliking someone and then only ending up completely loving everything they do. I watched a video from PewDiePie last year, and I didn’t like it, at all. However, when my other favorite YouTube person didn’t sate my boredom, I started to look for other videos and of course, the famous PewDiePie popped up. Because he is famous, at least in the YouTube world and he does make his own living off of these videos, something which at least for me, marks some type of success. He’s a “let’s play”-er. Basically meaning he plays the game and offers commentary to it, a bit different from a walkthrough where the person say “you do this and this”.
Now then, I want to beat around the bush (or should that be Whomping Willow?), I really really do… but I won’t, because there’s absolutely no denying it – this is an experience that any Harry Potter fan is going to find amazing, be they adult or child, die-hard or casual. There truly is something for everyone at The Making of Harry Potter. Right from when you first step into the studio foyer and are greeted with photos on the walls above of the principal cast members from across the years, as well as the infamous flying Ford Anglia hanging from the ceiling (complete with blinking indicator light), you know this is going to be something special.
But I promised my mother I would call her before any expensive purchase (she likes to keep tabs, you see), and followed her strict advice in letting it go. It was pure lust, not love, she had me admitting. And, I didn't need a fur coat. I was too young ("It would be obnoxious") and I really didn't have any posh events to wear such a fabulous coat to... so I held off, but I'm still keeping a lookout for this future fashion investment. After all, I am getting older: 20 is a good year, isn't it?
Congratulations on your recent Best Picture Oscar for The Artist. This makes the second year in a row that The Weinstein Company has won Best Picture! Not to mention sweeping the Best Actor and Actress awards as well. Along with Oscar nominations for Michelle Williams and Kenneth Branagh, this has been a banner year for The Weinstein Company. Why waste time making sequels to Shakespeare in Love, and Bridget Jones’ Diary not to mention Scream 5? It’s time The Weinstein Company add another classy production to hopefully add more Oscar Gold. I’m talking about making a biopic about Elizabeth Barrett Browning and Robert Browning.
Steven Berkoff will present a masterclass in evil on Wednesday and Thursday, February 7 and 8, 2012, when he stars in Shakespeare’s Villains.Berkoff has fashioned a career from being one of the most evil players on stage and screen.
In all things, we know that.
is it because they have friends who care for them in that company of believers?
that roves between
(I only once experienced the joy of muddled senses, whilst, ahem, 'under the influence' many years ago. I listened to Duran Duran's Save A Prayer, and saw that the song was a rich velvety chocolate brown.)
BOSHOFF: Woman raped during brutal farm attack by armed blacks.
I'm also a huge fan of loose leaf teas because I find the texture and color of different kinds of tea interesting.
It was a humble house and a forgotten property in Southern California, a place where life is a dream imagined, or a dream remembered, taunting and teasing, promising something more… and delivering something else.
Because they didn't lose it. They deliberately deleted it to cover their asses!
Turquoise cardigan with green stitching, Xhilaration. Green tee, Steve and Barry. Denim mini, American Standard Tyte (thrifted). Moccasins, American Eagle (via Payless). Four-leaf clover necklace, Okinawa PX.
2 pas
So does it even matter if the Senate has low numbers of minorities?
Natalie: Often in on defense, she’s shy till the ball comes within reach, then it seems to get out of reach of the other team.
Blog, Tweet, Facebook, grab a widget (like the one I have at the top right of my home page) -- every little bit helps to get the word out. And vote!
It's a degenerative disease with no cure.
Other possible visitors to Machu Picchu before Bingham were the British missionaries Thomas Payne and Stewart McNairn in 1906 and the Germans Jorge von Hassel and Carl Haenel in 1910. Thomas Payne was an English Baptist who lived in Peru between 1903 and 1952. Shortly after arriving in Peru in 1903 Payne was living on a missionary farm near Cuzco where one day he met an American gold-mine prospector called Franklin who told him that whilst travelling down an old Inca road he spotted some old ruins at the top of a nearby mountain but hadn’t had time to explore them. Payne was too busy to follow this information up at the time but three years later, Stuart McNairn, a Scottish Presbyterian, came to live at the farm and Payne asked him if he wished to join him on an expedition to the ruins. They apparently reached the ruins, spent the night there and descended the following day.
Patience when you need to wait
exits
The media loves Obama. They are hardly critical of him. He can’t do harm. When he is criticized, it’s by Republicans that have no real legs to stand on. The GOP is doing a great job of dismantling itself (save Ron Paul). All Obama has to do is sit back and watch the show. Obama is saving millions in ads just by letting the GOP candidates go for each others’ throats. Even if Obama did have to spend millions to deconstruct the eventual GOP candidate, he has a substantial and growing campaign war chest at his disposal. If 2008 is any indication of Obama’s past campaign performance, he will look to the few mistakes he made and he will ensure that they don’t get repeated. Plus, his campaign never really ended.
The females mate with 4-16 males the few hours they’re in estrous…getting the job done I say. The freaks don’t even care if they’re related.
But, beloved, remember ye the words which were spoken before of the apostles of our Lord Jesus Christ; How that they told you there should be mockers in the last time, who should walk after their own ungodly lusts. These be they who separate themselves, sensual, having not the Spirit. But ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost, Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life. And of some have compassion, making a difference: And others save with fear, pulling them out of the fire; hating even the garment spotted by the flesh.
Don’t go without
Benefits of College Education
And Caused such Damage to the State
here it is, just before getting its lid and being put into the oven for a couple hours.
The entire city was locked down. On the morning of July 9, the city looked like a “ghost town”.
Till finally one girl voiced "How about
I couldn't believe it! Two please!
Notes: To celebrate C93's appearance at the Leipzig Wave Gotik Treffen festival, Coptic Cat have created a MONOPHONIC version of the album. The album comes in a jewel-case, has a full-colour 20 page booklet with all the text and fantastic—and utterly different—photos of all the band. All the tracks have been renamed for this album, and are printed, as is the text on the cover of the album, in a German Black Letter Gothic font. To our ears the album sounds very different in mono; more savage, harder, more overwhelming.
Imagine a situation in which all a country’s citizens earned the minimun wage and there was full employment. If the government raised the minimum wage there would be no greater supply or quantity demanded for goods or services; therefore, no wealth has been created. People would have more money, but it would cost companies more to purchase the labor to produce goods and services. Thus, to companies will have to choose to either accept earning less income or raise prices. This example shows how minimum wage is increased by acts of Congress and decreased as inflation erodes purchasing power.
“The sphere of rebirth is a gift to us. It is a promise of new life tomorrow. No matter our beliefs, the rhythm of nature is alive and well in both the physical world and in the spiritual realm. We should recognize and smile at them as they surely smile upon us.”
You are by far the sweetest baby I have ever met! You are so photogenic - all I have to do is point the camera at you and you smile! Everyone says you are my little mini-me....I take that as a huge compliment! I can't wait to see what the next month holds for you! I love you doodle bug :)
Schoolgirl dashed to me, grabbed my shoulders, and smiled.
And they are al doing their foraging or hunting thing, and it's like in a Tarzan movie where you have the cacophonous sound effects of the jungle, but instead of all the monkey howls and bird shrieks, and lion roars and hyena cackles, it's all "Suzy! Suzy! Suzy!"
warmth of your lips
It’s not that the book is terrible. It’s just that it’s so . . . meh. In every chapter (separated out by month of pregnancy, naturally), it gives a list of things the mother is experiencing and things the baby is experiencing. Stuff that you can find in any pregnancy book. Not really shaking any worlds there.
He looks around and says, “Let’s wait til the train stops.”
became a public spirited man
ME: Is that an EGG in the middle???
And it all started with a missed flight in Fort Lauderdale. Some may say that it was a coincidence that I missed that flight and everything else happened, but I will tell you that my soul says I would be married today if I didn’t miss that flight. I might not have been married forever, this all had to come out sometime, but the timing was perfect.
When things do quieten down, I am amazed to see medics sitting in small groups, bible in hand. Words are falling on fertile land everywhere. Another piece of the Lords way falls into place. God has a plan with everything. His way…not ours. Why is this repeated over and over again and again I am still surprised by it.
for my program this time around is 6 and under... even though the older
However, this is 30% less than scientists had previously thought. Greenland and Antarctica are melting as much as experts expected, but the rest of the world was a surprise. The biggest discrepancy was in Asia.
If I'm not mistaken, there was money on the line.
It's been much too long since I enjoyed some good "dorky time" (and I say that in the coolest way possible) with the gals in my family. We decided on an early b-day celeb for Mom served up w/ pumpkin carving with a side of sushi n' sake for a warm n' fuzzy little kick. - (or 2...ok, let's be realistic, more like 4 or 5 "kicks." hehe) We ended up with a pack-O'-lanterns. You wouldn't believe the size of this one giant sucker...a photo doesn't capture it's true mass. Holy crap - this bad boy was 30 pounds of gooey joy! It was surprisingly lacking quantity in the seed department, but the little guys made up for that. All baked to a perfect crisp! Delicious!!! Very cool, my Pop even grabbed a knife and chiseled the biggie. The goofy one on the right was my ode to imperfections. Made me feel like a kid again! Great memories, and now a new one for keepsake. :)
My two teenage daughters and my lovely bride of 26 years, Kristy, along with myself went to southern California to the Newport Coast looking for some beach and amusement park time, and to check out Caltech for my oldest. It’s fun to see my daughters be the young adults they are turning into and then every so often step back and be the kids they really still are (like Carolyn running up to show me the baby crab she caught at the oceans edge or Hannah smiling when the dinosaur popped up at Universal and spit water on her!)
2 teaspoons of salt
A chronicle of the unending journey of the Wandering Author through life, with notes and observations made along the way. My readers should be aware I will not censor comments that disagree with me, but I do refuse to display comment spam or pointless, obscene rants. Humans may contact me at thewanderingauthor at yahoo dot com - I'll reply as I am able.
But every time I opened my eyes
Cockpit Most of the flight sim users think that the use of own flight sim cockpit and making them is a very costly affair; but it exactly the opposite.
Finely feathered clouds
‘You better pray that will come out of the carpet.’
(Of course, this is where the far-removed and unaware would insert their bullshit arguments about how teachers "get so much time off" and "have nothing to complain about" and "are overpaid.") (Kind of makes you want to tell them to either try walking in our shoes for a day or to just go and suck eggs, right?) (Or at the very least stick out your tongue as you roll over and shut off your alarm.)
U.S. helicopters delivered the team to the compound, and the team was on the ground for less than 40 minutes, an official said. They did not encounter any local authorities. In addition to bin Laden, three adult males were killed in the raid.
Where I was standing was once buried deep below the earth’s surface.
Here we have Mick Taylor and Band live on the East-West Festival in Wunsiedel, West-Germany during their European Tour on April 1990.
Still, a very impressive book as a first novel! Recommended!
ISBN-10: 0736944710
Share! I love hearing from you!
Rules of Surrender is a delightful first book to the series Governess Brides.
The black-throated green warbler
The card stock was an improvement on the paper thin 1981 release. It lacked the newness of the previous year, but held its own upon initial release. In hindsight, this year did nothing to topple the Topps monopoly. Topps had the better execution with design. Donruss was well ahead of Fleer in design and flash. 1982 Donruss looked like a second tier baseball card. That's exactly where they were at this point. Big things were on the horizon, but this was a nice stepping stone.
So yes, I err on the side of grace. It’s not always the easy choice, but it seems like a good rule of thumb to me.
I had a pound of deveined shrimp in the freezer, which I thawed in the refrigerator while I was at work. A quick rinse under cold water and a minute or so of peeling (which you could, of course, avoid by purchasing peeled shrimp) got them ready to go. They waited on their paper towel padding, releasing the last of the water, while I got some quinoa cooking. (I had a picture of that, but quinoa cooking is really no more exciting than water boiling.)
Now, let's get back in time with the plot: It is 1980 and the USS Nimitz, a nuclear aircraft carrier, puts to sea off of Pearl Harbor for routine exercises. Under the command of Captain Yelland (Douglas), he oversees the exercise with Commander Owens (James Farentino) and all is observed by newspaper reporter Warren Lasky (Martin Sheen). However, things take a turn when the ship encounters a strange swirling vortex storm that looks more like a test run for Disney's The Black Hole, just in blue. The Nimitz then finds itself still off the coast of Pearl Harbor... just in December 6th, 1941.
All I had to do was uninstall the Adobe air, download and reinstall the latest version of adobe air, and that fixed the crashing problem.
Three-time Academy Award winner Oliver Stone has just launched The Oliver Stone Experience at http://www.oliverstone.com. Featuring never-before-seen photos and anecdotes straight from the man himself, the site takes visitors on the set and in the mind of Oliver Stone.
don’t know about you but I feel I am living in an increasingly ‘instant’ society. To quote the good old Queen song, people nowadays seem to ‘want it all and want it now!’ and while I have no problem with ‘wanting it all’, it’s the impatience and expectation of ‘wanting it NOW’ that causes me concern. Let me explain…
7.) Do you offer editorial feedback? (Not all do.)
Life is a continuing journey. I hope your journey is filled with happiness, good people, purpose, hope, love and all the things that lead you to fulfilling your destiny. Life is what you make it.
Tomorrow night is going to be the Noite dos Autoridades, for just the personally invitated city officials and business leaders, and then the chapel will be open to the public all day Thursday and Friday. Members from each organization (young men´s and woman´s, primary, helping hands, relief society, family history...etc...) are going to wait in different class rooms for the people who come to tour the new chapel. We´re going to explain about baptism in the room with the baptismal font with the sisters from Rio Pardo and the elders from the Ramo Santa Cruz. At the end of the tour a pair of missionaries will also be waiting at the door to invite the guests to learn more about the gospel and to write down names and addresses. It´s going to be great!
The gray, stooped man stood at the corner of the intersection. His mahogany cane with the ivory handle trembled in his hands as he reached out as if to enter the crosswalk. He pulled back as a car whizzed by uncomfortably close. He peered back and forth, trying to catch the eye of one of the drivers to see if they'd let him cross. Heads turned away from him and seemed not to notice he was there.
Well, that didn’t inspire confidence in me. In retrospect, I think I could have bought the mix and left out the egg, but replacing for egg is a very delicate thing. (In real life, I eat eggs, so I’m also not good at it.) Lily suggested that I cheat (perish the thought!), but I refused and instead I went to the internet.
After each amazing science experiment is performed on the DVD - many of which look like magic tricks - a thorough scientific explanation is given as to why the experiment works. Since the children are dying to know why that "trick" worked, they are really paying attention and learning. They couldn't wait to do the experiments over and over again to amaze their dad and their friends.
Ive actually got another new blouse and skirt but Im saving those for the meet tomorrow :)
Even the holocaust comes out of their so called holy books as it’s written that 6 million Jews must die in persecution/holocaust, so it can and will never be more or less then 6 000 000 …
21And hearing this, they went into the Temple at dawn, and were teaching. But the high priest and those who were with him got together the Sanhedrin and the representatives of the children of Israel, and sent to the prison to get them.
Life may push my heart to the limit
I think this one would be fun for Mother's day or a Mom's birthday:)
stuck down hard in your fkd unit!
By the way, Raymond James is, on the whole, a most excellent organization. They had a bad egg, they made good their clients’ losses (as required by law) and I have found them to be, with very, very rare exceptions, a really good firm. I have no business relationship with them, nor do I have an account there, but they’re pretty good folk.
Duration of the days: maxim 13.5 (December); minimum 10 (June)
Anyhow - In celebration of our newly joined lives together I'm taking this blog by storm. We are getting an overhaul over here - and a commitment to more posts! Be on the lookout for changes - change is good!
His face reddened: “Miss Wilcock,” he mumbled. “What do you want with her?”
I mostly wanted to focus on the paper for these Valentine cards and keep it simple. The paper was embossed with the red hearts having that flocked feel so I just swirl embossed white card stock. I used the Hugs stamp from the hearts2love set at The {Stamps} of Life in white and sponged the edges with Momento Lady Bug Red. Finally I got to use this red ribbon that I have had for a few years. Gives it a bit of a wintery feel.
i believe in myself, i'm putting an end to self-doubt
Inertance is a new term and I’ll quote the patent for LRGP’s explanation of the effect.
She frowns
Since I was too busy trying to pull up my pants, I didn't notice where he went. "NOOOooooooo! I lost him!" I cried. hands outstretched to the heavens. He had waited two days to make a sneak attack on me and it had worked! He caught me with my pants down, so to speak. No, really. And, just as quickly as he appeared, he disappeared without a trace. Again.
Since this is a relatively new brewing practice not many breweries are producing gluten free beer nor is it perfected as brewing with barley has been over thousands of years. There are a few viable options out there that I would like to share with the beer drinking community as a whole.
AT&T—You're what sitting through commercials used to feel like before Netflix and DVRs figured out how to skip commercials all together.
It’s a good tune on top of a hard sample of a harder tune. When a friend of mine about a month and a bit ago dropped this tune for me, I went absolutley wild. It’s only a year since I used to absolutely murda Linval Thompson’s ode to cannabis – “I Love Marijuana.”
Today we went with Kyle to his college orientation, and we returned to a flooded basement. A TON of rain fell while we were away. Long story short, most of the carpet was soaked, including the office (where my stamp area is). We had to get everything off the floor so we could pull up the carpet. My stamps (and my VIP project) are on the counter in the office, under all the junk. Because I chose to procrastinate, I hadn't photographed or blogged the project before we left for the orientation. I planned to do it when we returned this afternoon. That didn't happen.
reader gets sick of reading them. I also have included the URL's for verification of all the following facts...
I’m slowly getting back into things here at home. My taxes are filed, the kitchen floor has been washed, and I’ve been to the gym. Now I’m whittling down what’s in my in-box. The following blog post was part of my morning reading and I believe it needs to be shared.
SF) Thank you Hernán!
But Greg’s former employer, the mighty tech company Event Horizon, needs him once more. After Royan, hacker-genius and husband to company owner Julia Evans, mysteriously vanishes, a business rival suddenly boasts an incredible new technology. Has Royan been kidnapped and forced to work for his captors, or is the truth far stranger? The answer may lie in a gift of flowers received by Julia—flowers with DNA like nothing on Earth. Greg already has his hands full with corporate killers and other unsavory characters. Is he going to have to add aliens to the list?
It is the greatest legacy to understand our reticence,
I loved the conversations, speeches and question and answers. I came out of the convention pretty motivated and with some specific action points. I am sure this was one of those productive days well spent. This is one reason why I thought I would share these with you at the beginning of your week as well!
Ruan was joined by Tamsyn Cass, a Varisian woman who carried a long-hafted axe boasting many notches and a Harrow deck at her hip; Tamsyn’s family had been put to the sword by marauding orcs in service of Orcus and she pined for vengeance. Lastly introduced was Alan Ahearn, a giant of a man with an immense falchion whom had been the son of a brawny mage and her loving bodyguard; Alan had come upon hard times before Gregor’s aide but now sought to set down the path to a marriage of martial and arcane might.
A Consideration of the Criminal Investigation Process — Part One
Alcohol by volume: 5.5%
Teaching… informs the mind… Was Jesus teaching people “how to believe?”… Was He using the Old Testament Scriptures?… Was he building up their faith because they had been through a lot of discouragement? The word “teaching” means… teaching precepts… imparting knowledge… conditioning the mind… to instruct… to bring about a frame of mine. Jesus was teaching the gospel of the Kingdom.
With the forthcoming Christmas tree installations and mall traffic, give a portrait to restore dignity, bring smiles and even remind people, many of whom have forgotten, how beautiful they are. I haven't been able to participate last year or this one, but I have a friend in Lansing, MI who is involved and she loved being a part of it. Donations are accepted, of course! They are also in need of picture frames to put the photos into after being printed. Check to see if you have a Help Portrait group in your area by following this link - Groups
2 heads of broccoli
The very concept of a "forfeiture" or "seizure" bond greatly undermines the idea that a person is presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law; depriving someone (or attempting to deprive someone) of their personal property by their ability (or inability) to cough up huge sums of cash flat-out crushes the 14th Amendment.
a long-dead god, marching
Accepting the consequences of our actions, telling the truth and taking responsibility for our actions are issues that Americans seem to have as a whole. Our country cleans up other people’s messes constantly, but we don’t seem to ever want to accept the fact that we have HUGE messes and problems of our own. I suppose that if you break it down to the individual level it makes sense… The politician can’t or won’t admit that he has a problem at home, or in the office, for fear that he’ll lose face in front of his constituents. But honestly, what’s worse; Finding out later that he was lying all along about being a cross-dressing, child-porn addicted nut-bag?
Tiipz gives local businesses the ability to use QR codes to do market research directly at the point of purchase, with the results available in real-time (they provide other forms of mobile market research too, but it’s the QR code aspect that interests me). Think about it: a retailer could offer customers a simple reward, like a discount, in return for answering a few questions on the spot that would inform any number of business decisions. And all the customer would have to do is scan a QR code displayed at the retailer’s location to access the specific survey, then show their phone, with the confirmation on-screen, to the cashier to get their reward.
“Because we are continually growing in the Lord, preachers and lay people alike must be open to the Lord’s correction.”
Olivia slowly bent forward. She again felt the nightstick against her butt this time edging slowly against the resistance of her butt hole.
When Philip came to get his brother and tell him about Jesus, Nathanael made a snap decision, just like…too often…me…and you.
Friday night was dinner out with my parents and the cutest little boy in the entire world. We don’t do much talking to each other these days, more like staring at the baby and waiting for the next facial expression or sound he decides to make while all talking in obnoxious baby voices to him and only him. If he’s sleeping, we reluctantly resort back to adult conversation ;)
But if it's truly a private family matter, that is, no one else's concern, why should anyone care if the number of abortions gets reduced? Oh, why bother.
It is a resounding success, a pure triumph of pleasantness and simplicity, and if you don’t leave the theater with a smile on your face and a desire to reconnect with loved ones that you’ve let slip away, then you have less of a heart that the furry and fuzzy hand puppets that populate this film.
After a much too short, but wonderful ten day visit from my long-distance mother, we dashed down to drop her off at the airport in Johannesburg. On the way she was also able to catch up with the grown up grandchildren for a couple of hours before flying back too far over the seas again... sad for us, but that is life...
Director – If you watch I AM, you can see Eunhyuk’s stingy characteristics from his trainee days until now.
Asian bridal makeup best complements the lavish dresses of Indian brides. This type of makeup is a challenging one and requires someone who has an insight of makeup skills. Finding a knowledgeable and highly experienced Asian makeup artist who can work with full dedication and commitment can help you reach best to your makeup goals of the wedding day. Only hire professional wedding Asian hair and makeup artists because only those artists will have knowledge of the best Asian hair styling and makeup techniques that can present you the best while hiding your flaws in facial characteristics and hair. They are trained professionals having good knowledge of creating a picture perfect styling. They have good understanding of what kind of makeup will go best with the flash of the camera or under certain lighting conditions. So if you are looking to hire Asian makeup artist for your wedding day carefully select the best artists while considering all the above the points
Never had lyrics. That was written during the period when I wasn't in the band, which was 7 or 8 months. As far as I know it was always instrumental. In all the times I've played it with Sooyoung there was never any vocals. By the time you get to Ben Hur you see that there is a willingness to basically not sing for extended periods of time.
If we analyse critically the issues that have risen since 1994, the only conclusion is that the struggle for liberation and freedom was a farce. It was nothing more than a power struggle to change the base of wealth from an elite few whites, to an elite few blacks at the expense and sacrifice of the masses. We should hang our heads in shame.
Interesting fact: In the early 19th century dahlias were so rare (the only garden was Empress Joesphine’s in France) there were plots to smuggle them since a good dahlia could be traded for a diamond!
What if I’m a little short of breath, with a mouthful of missing teeth? For, three score and five laps I’ve run, without a puff or pant, around the Sun.
To show the world it’s complete nothingness
Having not been to the amusement park in quite some time, I was elated to see some of the old rides from my childhood and surprised to see some of the new rides. Indeed, if the park seemed amateurish when I was a kid, the park looks like a "real" amusement park now with a "real" gated entrance, a "real" roller coaster, and a "real" map/layout of all the rides.
Oh, yeah I did say 6 cameras didn't I? #6 is the one in my iPhone. Happy picture taking.
10/31/2011 SELL 0.01 usdjpy 77.189
For the time being, I have been blogging to keep myself busy and am having a blast! I started blogging in December 2008 and am really enjoying myself. I love trying new and interesting products and meeting new people along the way! It's a lot of fun.
Image via the charming Oh Louise Designs. I love how the cards can be personalized with various patterns and cheerful colors. Check out her site for a treasure trove of delightful items.
And may each of us wear this brocade with pride
So, in a few words I could say yeah, I liked it and (gosh!) even agree with a rather large portion of the piece.
This repository of digital images documenting the National Gallery of Art collections allows users to search, browse, share, and download images believed to be in the public domain. Many of the open access images have been digitized with the generous support of the Samuel H. Kress Foundation.
I headed to Battambang in Cabramatta for my column in the February edition of Time Out Sydney. If you've always turned your nose up at offal, wait until you try their crispy intestines...
First we took a shuttle to the airport. Surprisingly there were other people on it because it was very early. Next we ate breakfast at the airport. I had a banana. It tasted good. Then we boarded the plane for a six hour flight. On the plane I slept and watched some movies on the rental DVD players. We landed in Seattle at about 12:15. HOME SWEET HOME.
That famous line from Aristotle is never more true than in the wine world where opinions and perceptions are in constant flux. The popularity of certain wines and various styles of winemaking change with the times, always in response to the desires of the wine drinking public.
I will post the whole poem, when it is done..
They even go so far as to have Goonies-like multiple conversations by the kids in many scenes, chaotic Poltergeist-ish family home scenes, E.T.-esque heart-to-hearts between kids and their friends or their parents and Indiana Jones-style action scenes full of danger, explosions and even a few death scenes.
I remember the first time a best friend lied to me. It broke my heart. It was just a little, irrelevant lie, so I was surprised that it hurt so much. I think that because we were such good friends, that she wouldn’t feel the need to lie. I already understood lying. This seemed different. I now understand that the level of growth I was at, at that time was to learn how unimportant lies really are. I had stories of rug being pulled out from under me before and always tried to go to that place of ‘finding the gift’ and that if I loved them enough once to call them my friend, then I loved them enough to get over anything with them. This often baffled a few people in my life, however it seemed so much important to me that the rest of the ‘stuff’ that happens. Once again I have found myself feeling a bit let down by the actions of someone I deemed to be of higher of integrity. So, I am reminded that first, don’t take things personally, and second, that is better to know up front that some people aren’t living in integrity, and it is better to know this than to wonder if you reading the situation wrong and second guessing yourself. Also, to Love them Anyway.
The underlying theme of the week's discussion is comfort, and how to maintain it while still cultivating a stylish and interesting look. Though I've been known to suffer for fashion occasionally, I really don't subscribe to the notion that comfortable clothes can't be stylish. The outfits I'll feature this week are all selected for maximum comfort. I'll get right to the heart of the matter and start with shoes (and accompanying legwear), since they play such a huge role in how comfortable an outfit is. Here are a few things to consider with regard to shoes and legwear:
Given the exponential increase in patent litigation across the country, one needs to ask if its time for India to institute a specialist IP court. No doubt, we have the IPAB, but its jurisdiction is limited to appeals arising out of Patent and Trademark office decisions and to revocations (patents) and cancellations (trademarks). It cannot adjudicate upon infringement issues.
The Lark Rise series is based on a trilogy of semi-autobiographic novels by Flora Thompson, written in the 1930s and '40s about her life in a rural hamlet in the late 19th century. The setting is Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire, England, with serene and sublime rural scenery. Lark Rise is a tiny hamlet of families of farmers and craftspeople, and Candleford is a town eight country miles away where fashion and progress are edging their way in. Young Laura of the hamlet goes off to work at the post office in Candleford as an apprentice to her mother’s cousin, the postmistress Dorcas Lane. Thus begins our witness of relationships between the folk of Lark Rise and the folk of Candleford, a sort of lateral Upstairs Downstairs footpath.
Why else do we win? Because unlike boys, we don’t have actual boners to conceal. Oh, except for gay guys. Sorry. This must be rough for you. Good luck being at work for the next few days.
Thoughts begin to change when we get too many hot days strung together and when we do conversations turn to concerns about the lack of rainfall and then highlights the need to conserve our precious water resource so we can continue to wash our cars and irrigate our gardens.
The idea of a Nomansland is one of the more original concepts to be written about lately. Huh. I think that it is just the depressing amount of paranormal romances being published at the moment ... and none of them Morganville Vampires! I am suffering withdrawels! ANyway, overlarge amount of vampire novels on the market or no, you cannot deny that Nomansland is good book. The writing made my head hurt, it was so good. It was one of the genuinly good things I have read in the past weeks. Hauge certainly has a gift with writing. Oh, don't get me started on the plot. It had me grinning like the idiot that you all know that I am. And you may pass out after I make this statement - there were NO X-men references that the author made uknowingly/knowingly.
1-3/4 teaspoon allspice
You can notice from this close up how the hints of remaining warm gray under the coat of cool grays really helps to liven up the work- the gray does not look flat, but it is still definitely a cool gray horse.
Make lots of pretties for my shop.
Pretty much the same as everyone else – that I’m an out-of-work bum with no aspirations of seeking gainful employment. I think my husband is looking into a twelve-step program for me as well. My projects tend to run together in the eyes of my family so they are operating under the misconception that I haven’t finished anything and that I’ve been working on the same fruitless novel for twenty years. It’s kind of funny when you think about it. I finally had to sit my sister down and present her with the hard copies of all my completed works before anyone accepted that I had, in
I was recently involved (I don't like the word "victim") in a situation that was hurtful. I got angry about it, I lost interest in blogging, I blamed. but then I thought, "what can I do to change this?" I can speak from my heart, and I can make an effort to be mindful of not doing the same to others. and, even better I can hope that others will join in and do the same.
In search of his first major championship since the 2008 U.S. Open, Woods has come to play well. Two weeks ago, won his first PGA Tour event in 30 months. But on the driving range before his turn, said he felt something crawling on him.
Another reason why professional web designing company is vital for online business success is the quality of design offered by them. The professional Indian Web Design experts provide websites that hold pleasing, attractive yet powerful graphics that are well structured in attractive manner. They make sure that sites are designed by them in such a way that their clients are able to obtain high standards along with extreme professionalism. Such web designers offer excellent services for e-commerce website formation, software development, internet marketing, search engine optimization, web hosting and more.
If you haven’t noticed my recent “Flower of the Month” (Opuntia Humifusa,) here’s another glimpse: a different prickly pear bloom is just about to open:
Never thought I’d ever miss living in Wagga, well apart from the fun times that were had and the awesome people who I miss and the divine baked goods at Bernard’s stall “So French, So Fresh”. If you visit, buy lots of pastries, try them all! So reading this made me smile…
Transfer Fees: $620
Under the Big Top
Business Secretary Vince Cable will also say today that quotas are unlikely to be needed if companies continue to make progress, adding: ‘The UK is making the voluntary approach work.’
*can say "bye bye" "mama" "dada" "nana" "rah rah rah (cheering)" "ball" "bath" "hey"
Howe has learned from one of the best in Tracy Smothers, and is truly one of the top stars to watch for with his size and charisma that continues to rock the ring all nigh long.
4. You are not alone – As stated above, 1 in 4 people will suffer a mental health condition at some point in their lives. So the chances are you know someone who has one or will suffer from one yourself. If you are struggling to understand your condition, diagnosis or not getting mush support from your health care providers there are lots of other places you can get help and find others like yourself who you can share your concerns with, learn from and support each other. From charitable organisations like MIND, Emergence Plus and Rethink, to online forums like The Black Dog Tribe, facebook groups, blogs (like this one) and many other online and offline support and information services are available.
The first time I jumped into the water - it was October and freezing - so I wrote it off to nerves and the hypothermia effect of every muscle as my body locked up due to oxygen deprivation. That's what I kept telling myself even though every cell in my brain was screaming otherwise. So I was left to cast away the hours of practice, i.e. training, and inefficiently swim and breast stroke my way across the lake and back again. All the while my two friends were gracefully skimming across the water looking like Olympic athletes. Periodically one of them would turn back prompt me and encourage me on....on the outside I was laughing, which I tend to do in moments of hysteria, on the inside; however, there was a battle raging between sheer panic and nightmarish fear. I thought I would actually die before it was over.
Happy Monday! Today’s menu is fantastic and includes Chicken Bruschetta, Beef Braciole, Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Stuffed Banana Peppers, Grilled Vegetables, and Penne in Safron Sauce. Soup of the day is our hearty Tuscan Minestrone. Visit our always fresh salad bar. Finish off your meal with one of our yummy desserts and a cup of freshly brewed La Prima coffee!
All this from watching a TV show.
The mayonnaise was not bad. I'm no fan of mayonnaise but this stuff wasn't so nasty. It seemed to suit the fries.
Watch these dough-armed, equilibrium-challenged youngsters as they bawl their way to victory! If your child is up to the challenge, they will join the ranks of such other famous Baby Boxers as:
Cool depended on liberalism. In fact, it was an offshoot of it, suckling on the mother’s milk of Keynesian economics. As long as there was plenty of deficit spending to go around, we could all be cool. Life would be one long evening at Max’s Kansas City.
Enjoy…
It seems like there’s more to hate than to love about one another,
“Good, Where is Akshay?”
Come on, Ladies – we are all women, we are all individuals who have our own values, beliefs, and identities, and we are all simply trying to the the best we can with what we have. With that being said, what if instead of putting each other down, we made a conscious, deliberate effort to start encouraging of each other? What if we put our own personal opinions and biases aside and started affirming one another? I, personally, think that would be pretty damn awesome!
Fast forward a few months. I was in the bathroom filing my nails (like any good employee). Another girl came in and said "my friend James has a crush on you." Not knowing whether this was a joke or the 2nd grade, I laughed, pretending I was uninterested and didn't know who James was. The truth: I knew exactly who this boy was, had the same grade school crush on him and from that point on ran past his desk (he was no longer a cubicle nomad) with my head down.
For pretty soon, Red State turns all Hostel; the youths find themselves captured by a deranged preacher (Parks) and his adoring followers. It's a film partly inspired by the infamous Westbro Church and partly by the infamous 1993 Waco siege which saw a cult of Bible lovers violently clash with US law enforcement. The latter influence is particularly well felt in the second half of the film, wherein it becomes less a horror movie and more a standard sort of action/thriller affair. Thankfully the horrible teenagers take a back seat, allowing the Reverend Cooper (who looks distractingly like an evil Richard Branson) and John Goodman's Federal Agent to take center stage. If there's a problem with the acting, it's the film's decision to have Stephen Root wasted on an awkward retread of his Office Space character.
You can also guess which one I loved best.
Then three years ago, I decided to do some studies with Prismacolor pencils, to get back in touch with my drawing self. I gravitated once more to the pears that beckoned to me from the kitchen. No need to lug my art supplies to an exotic location!
(30 seconds later...)
breathe easily again
Initially, she would change the subject and then toward the end of the text messages that he has copied, Melanie was more receptive and less defensive of the texts, says Mr. Kidd.
I was busy this morning trying to get caught up with my Project Life :) I have completed up to week #14 so am feeling great. I have to say, that this truly is a great way to document your life. I am way, way behind in my traditional scrapbooking so this really makes me feel less guilty. We all enjoy the process of taking pictures and it has really made me more aware of the small things in life which truly are the most important! After posting this, I will go choose my pictures for the last two weeks and hopefully get totally caught up my tomorrow!
Hey everybody!
And today’s picture, was a skyline. I could’ve done the skyline of Tampa, but I decided to just take a picture outside on my porch.
(His persona was always "laid-back." No-sweat. Cool. Let's enjoy this evening -- AND -- life...! That was his style.)
Then, I cut a heart out of a pink index card.
Hello Stamping Friends,
I’ll keep the focus on ‘sushi’ as my test subject here.
Season the sauce with salt and pepper to taste. Add the drained pasta and the Parmesan cheese. Cook for an additional minute or until the cheese melts. Serve sprinkled with the bacon and chives.
I pray that in all departures with others, whether I’m leaving or being left, I will offer the blessings I have been offered by God and others. How about you?
Let’s illustrate this idea with an example that I’m sure many of us can relate to (and used by another EWB volunteer in a blog, if this is you please remind me so I can credit you!). We’ll look at a behaviour that is relatively simple, such as toothflossing. The dentist, in whom you generally have a high level of trust concerning things like your teeth, has probably discussed the merits of flossing your teeth once or twice a day, has demonstrated the proper technique, and has educated you on types of floss and where you can get it, and often even furnishes it to you for free! Yet, how many people actually floss on a regular basis? The dentist doesn’t really know unless you come back in for your next check-up, and even then the only way to know if you actually follow the correct procedure twice a day is to go and see for themselves, to monitor for behaviour change. Obviously your dentist isn’t observing you very often, and I’m sure that the number of people properly educated in the behaviour of toothflossing far outstrips the number of people who actually do it.
As you may or may not be aware, Thursday (the 3rd of May) is Local Council Election day. While this might not exactly thrill you into a state of excited frenzy, the council (or cooncil, as we say it where I come from) is important for students, controlling as it does vital aspects of student life, particularly housing. As such, the QMU held a hustings for the candidates for the Hillhead ward on Monday night, in an attempt to get them to answer the questions that students need answered.
Also please note that some of the states such as Delhi, etc who do not have enough space to put up solar will always be in demand ofSolar RECs to fulfil their RPO compliance.
most home when savaging history,
Insert sadz face.
This is a corner bookmark that I found on Splitcoast Stampers. I like this a little better that just your typical bookmark. I used MME paper for most of it, Martha Stewart edge punch, and my new Spellbinders Presto Punch machine for the tag on the front and the heart on the back. It was kind of nice to take a small break from cards, don't be surprised if you see more of these from me!!
O.K. I am officially a freak, but I still love myself..
Bank Name:
2.Red Chilli : 2
Ruit and his team of doctors at the centre have developed a simple surgical technique involving little equipment and instruments that can be used manually. No stitches are needed, and the technique can be used on a simple table in field camps.
Father: "Isn't she the Debbie from the country club?"
‘Obesity, diabetes, and coronary artery disease are major causes of human death and disability, and they are all connected to metabolism,’ Olson said.
I wish I could be better about training. I wish I could train properly and really find out what my potential is as a runner, because I LOVE competing and when I’m not overwhelmed with other commitments, I love training HARD, but whenever I set my eyes on a running goal, I eventually reach some point where I start letting training become my priority in my free time. This can’t happen, because I also want and have to do well in residency, given that I still have a huge board exam to take in a year and a half and fellowships to apply to.
Speaking of noir, I also have a piece in this week's Portland Mercury about a film noir festival coming to town. Read it.
Remy had his yoga session before a short in-hand session on the yard. It seems to be helping him. He's relaxing into the leg lifts, and we're definitely seeing some progress with the pelvic tucks and belly lifts.
Each of us is a potent force of love when we allow this energy to express itself. There is nothing we have to ultimately do, rather we need only allow ourselves to feel and be love. It is that simple. Global Love Day is merely our way of saying let’s remember love is ours to be and to share every moment of our lives.
Coloured with - Spectrum Nior
Nearly a month and a half later, when Shankar had nearly given up, he received a letter. It read:
What decision, Rik?! I hear you indignantly cry. Stop clarifying and write your damn blog post!
2. Put your photo on the front of the card. This doesn’t make you vain, and it doesn’t make you look self-centered. Make sure, however, that you’re not making the Facebook duck-face, and that it’s only a head shot. You might have a great body, but we don’t care because we don’t recognize you by it. We want to see your face, because that’s what we were looking at when you were pitching.
The SECA show at SFMOMA was disappointing and the show to promote marriage equality was not every effective. The book was a lot better (sounds like a lot of movies that we see!). http://www.examiner.com/museum-in-san-francisco/sfmoma-announces-this-year-s-seca-award-winners
I love the way the water color crayons add and antiqued look to the card.
This is the window on the right. I always have a hard time taking a decent photo of these windows. Didn't even try the big main window. Some time I'd like to go by there at night and see what would happen with all the glare and such.
To Be a Successful Unschooler, You Have to Be Motivated Now this one I've heard a LOT. Like, an insanely large amount of times. It's right up there for me with the socialization thing (though I think socialization still wins). This is what I hear most often from people who see how happy, articulate, and socially capable my sister and I are, so are forced to realize that unschooling must work some of the time. But, to preserve their own vision of the world--and to make the years they spent in school/the years they're forcing their children to spend in school, worthwhile--they have to believe that it would only work in special cases. That it would only work for special people. People who are especially intelligent and especially motivated. Now, as much as this is flattering to me as an individual in a sense ("you're really smart so it worked for you!"), this idea drives me absolutely crazy. Because here's the thing: unschooling does not work for motivated people. Unschooling creates people who are motivated! The act of placing the power over learning and life into the individual's hands is both empowering and motivating. If learning is never made into something unpleasant, then it continues to be something joyful and fun throughout life. That's what this "motivation" people see in unschoolers really is: it's a joy in learning that is seen far less often among the masses in school.
Even now, however, local media such as The Guardian and The Daily Mail seem unable to appreciate that the system has once again failed. They are even allowing transport secretary Philip Hammond to get away with his cop-out, claiming that the situation is better than last year because he will not be imposing a blanket ban "like the last government".
and encouraging suggestions from the employees for improvement of the business.
this is something I just wrote and felt like sharing
-By Charlie Reese
Well, here's what they don't tell you in Vogue or InStyle or Glamour about wearing sequins - they're itchy as heck. They slice you around the neck. They scratch up your inner arms when you walk or lift them to play. They catch each other making for some awkward movements while you're trying to detach them without ripping your dress mid-song. They shed - all over the floor around you like confetti while you play.
nor the enormous lung capacity
1. My daughter
“I didn’t kidnap the kids, and the kids know that we are going to live overseas,” he said.
Van Raighan yelped as Pollack’s eyes bulged, the Sherriff’s arm tightening across his captive’s chest. Pevan gave them a sweet smile, head tilted to one side, then took Rel’s arm and pointed at the rough stone of the nearest wall. “You need your bag, Rel?”
I called and said I might be locking one up and they sent Lt Wyatt down to talk to him and assess the situation. The little knucklehead had calmed down some and I let him go eat with the others while Lt Wyatt talked to the nurse. I kept an eye on our problem child.
Abou Diaby is a doubt through illness which is a shame, not just for his continued bad luck on injuries, etc. The Frenchman would thrive in the physical arena of this afternoon, his dynamic running game would stretch the play. Yet the fragility of his fitness can be stifling; confidence is all and playing him when not fully fit may be more a question of confidence than anything else.
I offer a drop in center for scrap and assist every day
We went to WalMart to get Jacob new shoes after school. His had holes in them. Holey shoes are no good - LOL! I was prepared to get him a pair between $20 and $30, but the pair he found that he liked were only $11. Amazing! They were pretty funny, but he liked him. His new shoes kinda look like the ones below , but much more generic - he was just STOKED that he didn't have to tie his shoes anymore - ROFL!! AND, my baby is wearing a size 10 in men. CAN YOU BELIEVE IT??? He's 11, for Pete's sake. And a size 10 in mens??? Dang!So I was thinking the other day about how cheap I am - ROFL! I thought we could play a little game. I'm gonna make a list of the ways that I've been cheap, and put in one fakie, and you have to pick out the fake one - LOL! Let see if you can figure me out :)
Last week, I watched my daughter play her first play off game, ever and she was so excited. They won and are going to the gold medal game, which she is sure she's going to win because their uniforms are gold.
Ugh, Monday.
are committing crimes
The French are passionate about their dogs... I think I adore my dog... I know I do... but not quite in the same way as the French. Look at the 'baby' in this print taking pride of place at the table and being hand fed... Can you imagine my 100kg Apache (thankfully he hasn't gained any more weight) sitting up with us at the dining table being seduced by bite-sized morsels... I am not sure if I am laughing or terrified at the thought...
"I find it more tragic when someone who is not a washed-up drug addict who has pissed away their talent and career dies young. #justsayin"
I've spent the weekend making cards for various birthday etc and as much as I might plan to sit and do this I hardly ever get the chance ... but this weekend I had to get 3 birthday cards and a baby card made and I have managed all but one birthday card so far ....
One small group played Sight Word Bingo.
Does anyone else wish you could bring their hairstylist home with them to blow dry your hair for you?? I can never get mine to look like after I wash it.
Broccoli — California
A smaller hill and teeth
And what I did in the dark—how shall I care to have that revealed in the light? And yet these things must be made known before the assembled universe. There will be present there my enemies. If I have treated them ill, if I have been a backbiter, a slanderer, it will be then declared: if I have been a hypocrite and a dissembler and made others think me true when I have been false, I shall be unmasked then. Those I have injured will be there. With what alarm will the debauchee see those whom he has seduced stand with fiery eyes to accuse him there! With what horror will the oppressor see the widow and the fatherless whom he drove to poverty stand there, swift witnesses against him to condemnation! If I have spread false doctrine, a moral pestilence destroying human souls, my victims shall be there to gather round me in a circle and like dogs that bay the stag, demanding each of them my blood. They shall all be there, friends and foes; more solemn still, “He” shall be there—the man of men, the grandest among men because God as well as man, and if I have despised and rejected his salvation I shall then see him in another fashion and after another sort.
And possibly, most famously, Jim Morrison, who lived at The Andaz, was promptly evicted for dangling out of his window by his fingertips.
SPEARS
Zohar 1,160a: "Jews must always try to deceive Christians." Hilkkoth Akum Z1: "Do not save Goyim (Gentiles) in danger of death." Choschen Ham 388, 15: "If it be proven that someone has given the money of israelites to the Goyim, a way must be found after prudent consideration to wipe him off the face of this earth."Choschen Ham 266, 1: "A Jew may keep anything he finds which belongs to the Akum (Gentile). For he who returns lost property (to Gentiles) sins against the law by increasing the power of the transgressors of the law. It is praiseworthy, however, to return lost property if it is done to honour the name of God, namely if by so doing Christians will praise the Jews and look upon them as honourable people."
I don't always understand God's plan, but must trust that he needed you to be in heaven with him. That doesn't make it hurt any less, it doesn't make it sting less to know that you were stolen out of this world, it doesn't seem fair, but I have to know that someday, we will meet again in heaven, and we will get to talk again and laugh and hug. I miss you Dani.
The forks are stamped with sayings I know I have
When I was in my late 30s and saw the movie The Cell, Jennifer Lopez’s character was watching this movie and when I saw the image of the Blue aliens I got one of the biggest shocks of my life, as I’d almost totally forgotten this movie up until that point. I can barely recall a few memories where I wondered where I’d seen blue aliens, just thoughts out of the blue, but of course this movie explores many themes of spirituality and technology, of Self vs. Other, of what it is to be human, of superiority vs. inferiority complexes.
My book review: On Stranger Tides by Tim Powers (Here be spoilers)
2 philosophy
Tomatoes, pureed 2 medium
In an era of media disinformation, our focus has essentially been to center on the “unspoken truth”.
I feel like God has been talking to me about changing our lifestyle in regards to our health.
If you click on 'videos' - there are 92 videos there of me performing my poems. If you click on 'For Adults' and scroll down to 'Articles by me', you'll find articles I've written about poetry and writing.
"Oh" I said. "Oh, bugger."
The only one to know the gender was a friend who made the cupcakes for the party. There was a lot of speculating going on as we set up Saturday. We could hardly wait to see if the filling would be blue or pink.
While I was here ....
“Christmas reminds us we are not alone. We are not unrelated atoms, bouncing and ricocheting amid aliens, but are a part of something, which holds and sustains us. As we struggle with shopping lists and invitations, compounded by December's bad weather, it is good to be reminded that there are people in our lives who are worth this aggravation, and people to whom we are worth the same. Christmas shows us the ties that bind us together, threads of love and caring, woven in the simplest and strongest way within the family.”
Here's what you need to slipcover your own purse:
Ms. Rowling couldn't have chosen a better metaphor for how schools approach the study of history.
Designing a Paperback Cover for your POD:
The unintelligent one.
It also happens to be his very first mission.
incorporate any radius smaller than 10mm (‘gurney’ type trim tabs may however be fitted between
Here is someone who not only creates the most stunning art, but who also has a big and wonderful heart. She said, in the note she sent with the pictures, that she wanted to thank me for doing a blog post about her work and for the advice I’d sent her, courtesy of the wonderful Tessa Edwards of Aerial Armadillo, about online galleries where she might promote her work. For me, helping Sara-J was pure pleasure, and her art, which already adorns my walls, was thanks enough, so I am, on one of the rare occasions in my life, left speechless.
My open wounded heart
18. Respiration ft. Common & Mos Def
Which was very well used.
I heard this quote (not word for word) from one of the brewers on the Surly website at one point and it stuck with me. "Any brewer can make a fantastic beer under perfect conditions, but it takes a great brewer to make a fantastic beer when everything goes wrong." Hopefully I prove to be the latter.
The flowers in this stamp set can be coloured in so many ways. Here I have used markers and highlighted with a white gel pen.
The other huge change from last year’s cycle has been my nutrition. Last year, I lost about 10 lbs from January to May during marathon training, but didn’t pay a lot of attention to my nutrition. This year, I have been eating mostly Paleo since August 2011, and I have noticed the difference in my energy levels during runs. I feel much stronger with paleo eating, and don’t seem to crash as much during my long runs. However, eating right after my runs is a lot more difficult, and takes more thinking and pre-planning, as I can’t just go grab a Safeway sandwich (a fave after running last year).
2010: Unnamed dkb/br f by Midnight Lute
Who do you think should win Season 2? Who has the strongest team?
After a day coppicing for various sizes of materials including hazel and ash we were each given a brief . My brief for example was called "Picture This". Can you make picture frames using reclaimed bits of glass? It should sell for between £10 - £100, to be made within 1/4 - 2 hours. I had a few ideas, but needed to test them out, and could they be made within the timescale?
Get yourself some wine and prop yourself up in bed. Or beer and an armchair. Or Gatorade and a rocky outcrop. Whatever makes you feel nice. I have been transmogrified from the latent, non analytical theatre goer that you used to know into a THEATRE ANALYSING MACHINE. All caps.
what I love about catching me unawares is the special
“Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona; for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.”
You can’t interview if you don’t apply
“Because, you’re an official sket.”
-hang the pulley clothesline at the back door
· $17,220 on clothes
By changing just one aspect, you can see how it can change the whole look.
But it’s “Saviour of his country,” when the guns begins to shoot;
but, because i like to take on so many things at once, this door has been neglected and has become a last priority. because of my bad decision, the shadow in the dark hallway looks like a person standing there from afar.
Thank you for visiting today. Have a happy crafty weekend~!
16. Dancing In The Nude
Although Lorraine has been able to keep up with all our news and work by accessing our blog through her local library, we have just had little snippets now and again, so it was a wonderful surprise to finally get an e-mail from her, yep, finally on the net...well it takes time to get connections and cables laid when you live in the middle of a National Park on a Tassy coast! ;)
3Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,
And it even starred Robert Urich, one of the most likable actors on Earth! That fact alone makes this film even more of a tragedy....
Wow! Forever 21 now offers maternity clothing! Lots of cute tops, stretchy pants and leggings, and (baby?) bags! I cant wait to be that lady by the way. Im playing the lottery now.. if I win..BAREFOOT AND PREGNANT HERE I COME! :D
I am firmly on the side of children's authors and believe they do sterling work, introducing children to ideas of death, loss, religion and science.
As an aside here, the Melody Maker didn’t – and that is to their eternal shame; they’d done a deal with Virgin to send journalist X and photographer Y to some far-flung place in exchange for XTC being that week’s cover feature. Rob took great delight in bunching up that weeks edition and kicking it, forcefully, around the office. Below a wonderful Adrian Boot portrait of a long-locked Bob, the NME’s caption was both simple and moving: The Lion Sleeps Tonight.
So I thought I’d write a slightly more definitive post about CFS, with the hope that I can also refer others to it in the future when the subject is mentioned again.
Catelynn: "Okay, mom."
The one we both agreed on as definitely a favorite of the month is One and Only Ivan by Katerine Applegate:
Medway Council regrets to announce that due to the recent and continuous rain the field usually used for parking is no longer suitable.
The last time subs appeared on this blog they were antiques, John P. Holland’s prototypes. The monochromatic tube below encircled by the unmistakeable yellow/orange Edison Chouest tugs 2, 3, and 4 is as far removed from Holland’s vessel as can be. The “tube” is SSBN 734 USS Tennessee, returning from sea. I can imagine the crew will be very happy to exit vessel and get reaquainted with the rythyms of day and night. By the way, the Edison Chouest tugs here technically double as pilot boats.
One way that God loves is certainly by telling us the truth. The bible is brutally honest about the human condition. It’s not passive and it doesn’t pull punches. The gospel is most offensive message that you can bring to someone (if you are actually speaking the gospel). It cuts deeply against our pride. It tells us that we are rebels, anarchists, liars, thieves, murders, idolaters and God-belittling fools. It tells us that we are hopelessly lost and destined for judgement. It cuts us…deeply. It provokes us. It pulls our defenses up.
So why print out the cards individually and stick to a paper page, instead of just digi-scrapping the whole page and printing it that way? Well, for the same reason I'm not using the fancy sectioned page protectors - money. It cost me about two dollars to print out all the stuff for both 12" x 12" pages this week. Sure, I had a few more little things to add, such as the two journaling cards I had printed previously and my Twitter stuff, but overall, I'm imagining that even with the cost of my cardstock bases and adhesive factored in, this still has to be a lot cheaper than having two 12" x 12" layouts printed. This is pretty cost effective as far as scrapbooking goes!
The BN's dereliction of duty didn't escape its readers, some of whom savaged the paper in the comments section under Robinson's piece. One wrote, "Wow. Birmingham News finally prints this story. Only after being shamed into it by the American Thinker...." Another quipped, "Hey Birmingham news, if you don't watch out someone is gonna start a newspaper around here." We can only hope.
I'm sure Chewbacca couldn't have smelled very good.
Alan Brunton / Fast Post / 48-51
Friends, today I want to talk about online resources for men's shirting.
You pack your words away and start on your long journey home,
Now, before you look at my splits and wonder why I am all over the place…let me explain.
128 hours of OCS lab
Looking at a map of the route to Muncho Lake, you would think that Highway 97 (a section of the Alaska Highway) is a pretty major roadway... after all, this is the only road that directly connects Watson Lake to Dawson Creek. Well, this is true for the first 110 miles or so after Watson Lake. But right around the Liard River Corridor, the highway abruptly changes to a very narrow, two-lane road with lots of ups and downs and sharp curves. But, despite its shortcomings, Highway 97 along this stretch has a pretty good road surface and the countryside is just gorgeous and so it really was a pleasant drive.
I've decided to discontinue all 3 of these ministries, which of course puts a permanent pause on Selah. Though some have advised me that it's not wise to let go of any email distribution list or blog that is growing numerically, the Lord's work has shifted for me at this season of life. I don't want to continue something just because it gives me a larger audience, especially if I can't make it as excellent as it needs to be. The Holy Spirit has been leading me more toward article-writing and speaking. So I'm going to obey, write articles for websites and magazines and speak when it doesn't collide with the family schedule.
& chain lightning-- what it vivifies
I was walking around my favorite nursery trying to decide how to spend the points I'd earned over the last year and spotted this Hellebore. It hadn't even been unloaded yet but I knew that's what I wanted to use my points on. It is Hellebore Winter Jewels 'Cherry Blossom'. It's not quite all the way opened but I couldn't wait any longer to post a picture. I added it to the new bed by the pond.
Hi everyone. A bit late with posting my contribution to Scrapbook Sisters latest card challenge ‘Distress’ , but as the saying goes ‘better late than never’. I’m still suffering with the cold of all colds courtesy of my son and I don’t seem to be able to get into anything at the moment. Its typical - a bit of time off with Easter and this Bank Holiday and not well!!
Don’t miss this once-in-a-lifetime sale of Washingtoniana books!
“On it,” he said and signed out. Tina pulled open the door and charged the desk. The manager hastily stood up, knocking over her cup. Her assistant tried to wipe the table but backed off when the manager barked at her. Tina's belt meter ran contrary.
+ It holds curls despite the fact that it is not waterproof! I do have to use my lash curler beforehand to curl my lashes, but my curls troop on with this baby!
I am now a 'pro' at this dance Mum thing (thankful I had a friend in the same predicament for support) and quite confident next year will be a breeze. I must also mention my sister, the children's wonderful Aunt(Tata) and godmother helped in the preparations and just general moral support.
All the key elements — what you sell, to whom, for how much, what you promise, etc. — they are all part of your department’s strategy. The strategy chosen by any litigation support department is typically based on one of three principal directions - (a) all services offered in-house; (b) hybrid – internal/external services coalesced; or (c) all services (particularly operations) vendor outsourced.
and Tamar took the cakes which she had made
That you were too ashamed to say.
You have gone from successful businesswoman to design star in a matter of years. What is next for Kim Myles?
memorizing random stuff (and a lot of it)
Herbert Doe is listed as Project Manager. Project Advisors, General Counsel has two of Idema’s lawyers - William London III (Isabeau Dakota) and John Edwards Tiffany (STAR Air) listed. Jack Idema is solely responsible for this 74 page grant submission, dated April 21, 2009. Each section would be given five thousand dollars towards their repairs. And each section had a year to complete their end of the agreement after receiving the money. As it always turns out with everything Idema is involved with, it became a nightmare. Herbert Doe worked non-stop to get all these repairs completed, but of course, Idema was never satisfied. He would change his mind constantly and never settle on one idea at a time. He would argue about the price, the materials needed, when it would be done, how he wanted it done and then would completely "forget" the conversations with the individuals involved in them the next day.
observing - 9 - i - selfish
Designer: Lisa Silver
Cheers cast and crew earned a remarkable 117 Emmy Award nominations over the course of the show with an impressive 28 wins. Kelsey Grammer set an Emmy record when he went on to win Emmy Awards for three different series, all playing the same character, Frasier Crane. He won for Cheers, for Frasier, and for a guest spot on Wings.
Preheat oven @ 180 C. Grease your 7 in cake pan.
* Certain types of fish have high levels of mercury, and pregnant women are supposed to avoid or cut down on them. Just stick this handy fish list in your wallet to consult when ordering in restaurants and doing grocery shopping.
Sometimes you do, and sometimes you don’t. And that’s okay most of the time.
I used the Forever Block Stamp and Heritage Roses with shades of red and pink (for a February anniversary). This is such a versatile set and can have so many different looks depending on the colors you choose. Be sure to stop back by in the next few days to see some creations with the new sets!
Note to all those who enjoy using real handcuffs: Don't lose the keys and be forced to go to the police station. Especially if you or your partner aren't able to get fully dressed again. We will all be laughing for the rest of our shift.
In 1934, Mariner Eccles was appointed as the Federal Reserve Bank's Chairman. The gold reserve act was passed in January 1934. Roosevelt worked with Eccles and the Banksters to help them steal the only real wealth left in America. They had bought up American industry after the stock market collapsed. They had established their banking monopoly, and eliminated their competition, throughout the banking crisis of the 1930s. They now consolidated their political base under Roosevelt and took the last thing that had any real value, by confiscating gold and replacing it with Federal Reserve Notes.
Inside me I am screaming at the autism community.
I had considered for quite a long time finding a skilled Physical Therapist to address the pelvic floor issues but for various reasons felt that I wasn't sure about the effectiveness in regards to the cost. I wanted to learn more before I made that investment.
Wifesy and I sat silently sniffling, feeling transported inside someone else’s drama for one, tiny, moment. We grabbed for each other’s hands. We squeezed, both of us quietly signaling our resolve to live each day to its fullest when a voice outside the surround sound screeched…
Thank you to our wonderful sponsors and Congratulations to our Winners don't forget to grab your Badge:)
Not exactly.
Hello friends! It's time for another Hip Hop Thursday at Unity. Make sure you start your Hip Hop at the Unity blog to find out all the news for this week's happenings here. There's been lots of new releases since CHA so make sure you visit the Unity Website to see the latest and greatest from Unity and the Unity Co-brands.
The Tams have no fear of the pools as long as their guardian suns are bright. They bathe and play within the sacred and cooling waters. As evening draws, they pay tribute to Archorid to appease his appetite. No longer are the dead and dying offered up as sacrifice, a concession to the newcomers made many years ago. Archorid’s appetite is now sated by straying animals or domestic poultry. Some settlers had tried to rid the settlement of Archorid, spearing his hulking form. Yet he’d re-appear…another pool…another night, when the heaven rearranged itself upon the Doppler waters, or one of the old Protectors made an illegal offering; his scaled and glistening form barely visible before jaws emerge,
“Our new dog!” I said cheerfully.
I thank Karita for the information not by kissing her, but by requesting a song. Perhaps that was a mistake. Karita may be beautiful, but her song about a Dragonborn was less than inspirational. Forgetting why I even walked in to begin with, I briskly exit so as to escape that awkward performance. Oh right! Look for work. That’s why I went in. Well, there didn’t appear to be any work at the inn, but I’ve heard enough people telling me about the mines in Dawnstar, so that seems like a good enough place to start for me. I walk down the road a little ways till I am staring at the entrance to Quicksilver Mine.
There isn’t much to say about Anna Calvi that hasn’t already been said – she’s absolutely huge right now. This song sounds absolutely enormous – the phenomenal production (from PJ Harvey regular Rob Ellis) jumps right out of the speakers and yells TA-DA! into your ear. It was apparently recorded using vintage analogue equipment, which explains a lot.
Which reminds me, some people took it wrong last week when I said this here blog is going the way of the Dodo bird. I didn't mean I'd quit blogging. On the contrary, it'll be even better and more frequent. I just meant this tired old look is going away. I can't wait for everyone to see the new site!
The decision to remove Majavu from the DA's mailing list was categorised as a "ban", a "blacklisting", a "boycott" or "censorship". The Right 2 Know campaign called on the DA to "lift its ban". The Sowetan "condemned" the DA's "insane ban". Barney Mthombothi said both the DA and Julius Malema "ban journalists". Mathatha Tsedu said the DA's move was to "effectively ban" Majavu. The FXI, Sowetan, TimesLive, Abdul Malazi, Samwu, (who described it has "disgraceful"), the ANC, Cosatu, the PGA, the Citizen and Brendan Boyle, among others, all labelled the DA's decision as "blacklisting".
(it was all about the museum for every other child on spring break in durham county.)
There are many philosophies in the world, but when a young person looks at your life, do they see a person who has built their life on Godly principles? Jesus tells a very simple, yet profound story about two builders. They both built houses; the difference was the foundation they built on. Jesus says one man used sand and the other built his house on the solid foundation of a rock. What are you building on and how is that working for you?
But it really would be terrific if I could have a working kidney and hair.
I've got some great Formspring questions awaiting my responses. Some of them good, introspective, deep questions. It's probably why they are so hard to answer adequately.
People who know the state of emptiness will always be able to dissolve their problems by constancy.
5. From solving problems to helping people make progress
Next up is another stealth project. I can show you a sneak peak of it.....
To those whom other banners led,
Personal experience
As I mentioned before, I'd baked the cakes the previous night and once they had cooled down completely, I wrapped them in cling film and stored in the oven at room temperature. They didn't dry out and was as moist as it should be.
we can dream like our parents
O LORD GOD! Please help me to pass my CIPM examinations with Distinction! So as to enable me gain a far better paying job. Thank You for Your help! Please Holy Spirit of God Please help me in my studies, give me retentive memory, to GOD’s Glory in Christ Jesus, Amen!
A variety of community, interfaith and religious leaders and Michigan public on their agenda, for a "community conversation about how to respond to these continued attacks," said Zogby.
Find the good
Both Chile and Argentina captured my heart. I will return with my darling D in the near future. For now, let's start with the end and work our way to the beginning, shall we? I am my mother's daughter after all.
The irony is that money-raising is only one aspect of Lord Feldman’s role: another is to ensure that Cameron was never tainted, as Blair was, by rows over dodgy donations.
It feel like there should be more I could do than ask for prayer for this little baby, but I know so many of you will lift Baby Reagan up in prayer. I know you will agree and ask for God to touch this family and help them during this battle of cancer. I guess no matter how old I get, I will never understand a child fighting this horrible disease, much less, a newborn baby. It just boggles my mind.
Get up fifteen minutes earlier and add some “white space” to your day. If you hate it, then go back to your old pattern. No loss, right? If you love it, it could be the beginning of significant life change.
Topics and URLs on the blog English Spelling Problems
Anyway, I thought I'd just do something really simple. I wanted to retry what seems to be the now iconic Ruffian manicure from CND Fashion Week but again with a twist of course ;)
Granola bars, shampoo, deodorant, tooth paste, presents for the boys, oh and 2 books!!! I am so excited about the books! I found out that the book store here sells books in English and I found some books that are in a series that I started earlier this year and I am so excited to read more books from the series :)
We told everyone goodbye and went home to change clothes and head to Leah's friend Violet's birthday party. That was a blast! The kids got to ride on a little train, that went pretty fast. Ben sat by Aurora, and apparently they love each other. I'm glad her mom let me know! They held hands to sit by each other on the train. Then Ben hung his head off the side like a puppy. Good times! He's still a kiddo, that's for sure! He played with her a few times, but mainly concentrated on downing some serious amounts of food! I was impressed! Violet loved her present! After the party, we went to the Zoo (that's right by the train) and their family was there too, so our kids played more together and looked at the animals. There aren't many animals at our zoo, so it doesn't take long. I enjoyed being downwind from the roses! Aaahhhh... I kept the kids away from home as long as I could, so Scott only had Cecilia for almost four hours. I took TONS of pictures, and made the mistake of deleting half of them before they were all downloaded. Whoops!
If Norwich are among the overachievers this year, then Chelsea are certainly among the underachievers. AVB’s side are currently four points ahead of Arsenal, and could open up some serious daylight over the Gunners with a win at Carrow Road before Arsenal play Man United on Sunday.
Because I love you, my dear
The various countries holding US debt have each been offered their own rate. We do not know the details but have heard the Chinese got the best deal while the Japanese got one of the worst deals.
DANGEROUS LIAISONS
Arms: STIGMATA-RIDDLED
She saw how Auntie Joan placed the tray very carefully on the sideboard, then picked up the first glass and handed it to Rachel, who took it and said a quiet thank you. Susan knew she’d be last because she was the oldest; she knew Carol would be next. So she watched as her aunt picked up the second glass, and with it, a small plate of those biscuits with the nobbly edges, she waited for Carol to shout, or cry, or run out of the room. She could hardly believe it when her sister reached out to take the glass, copied Rachel’s quiet thank you and started to sip.
One would almost be led to believe that no one in America thought of black women as human beings until the first time white America saw The Unmistakable Her shed a tear on the Oprah Winfrey Show. It seemed there was a big huge gasp in the audience that day that sucked up all of the energy of more then a trillion tears shed over billions of years.
Well, I don't buy rice in quantities of bigger than, say, 2 pounds. But I do buy 20 and 40 pound bags of bird seed regularly and those bags are made of that same nylon mesh stuff that you can't just recycle the usual way. Now some of these bags are really pretty... here are a few examples.
We planned entire days around one of Disney’s epic meals, with cart snacks and mini-meals placed strategically throughout the day to optimize the gluttony of the big feast. There was an art to creating such an event. Obviously, a wise planner would not go to Disney’s Rockin’ Roller Coaster, right after eating the full spread at Disney’s Ohana Luau Feast. A ride like that would be better paired with something light, like Disney’s churro and a Sprite, delicate to the palate, sugared for speed, and boasting a fruity bouquet.
John mentions an article from The New York Times from 2002, stresses how even a liberal paper writes about nostalgia for Apartheid amongst all race groups. Poor Dave returns to the only retort he knows, which is laughing. But we know this from liberals, don’t we. They’ll either laugh, interrupt you or start calling you names.
...it's getting hard to find those 7" floppy disks for it anymore.
As was the case with the 14 contaminants described in the earlier report-which included pesticides such as toxaphene and dieldrin-the researchers found the highest levels of PBDEs, on average, in farm-raised salmon from Europe. But while European farmed salmon had the highest levels, farmed North American salmon came next with significantly higher amounts of PBDEs than were found in farmed salmon from Chile, which, in turn, were higher than the average levels seen in wild salmon.
Kemp was defiant to the end.
Anyhoo - gotta pack and get ready for my trip - see you all soon!
Example: Craig James: “Ed Orgeron ought to be ashamed of the way he’s lead Ole Miss. Orgeron should resign immediately!” You: “Craig, if you don’t like your job, you don’t strike: you just go in every day and do it really half-assed. That’s the American way.”
Forgive me if I don’t get to your pages soon, I am on an archaic laptop and having technical difficulties.
- Leather
That’s nuts!
Pub Date: May 11, 2010
Carnivore.. sweet Speed, Thrash Metal, Crossover from New York City, New York. R.I.P. Peter Steele Vocals, Bass (1983-2010) (January 4th 1962 - April 14th 2010, heart failure).
marshmallow
P.P.S. We also got really good at picking out yummy gelato flavors. I think downtown Portland needs a gelato food cart.
Adjust the size of the strips, if needed, based on the bracelet size you need. If you are not sure what size bracelet you need, consult our tutorial How to Determine Bracelet Sizes.
- Well wouldn't that be more like the thing, Party Time? I think all that Crystal Methamphetamine has probably made you paranoid. - I said, irked & baffled.
2 dollars a week to give to those who are less fortunate
Where is all this stuff now?
(insert anxiety attack 1 here)
tuning
She said action would be taken against the officers if they were found to be linked to the hijacking.
If you go to Vegas, grab a show as part of the memory!
Well, I do have a reason for blogging and hope that my followers will still read my post and even make a comment (how i've missed hearing back from you lot)!!!
All in all I’m happy with my Kobo. It’s one of the top selling products at Chapters Indigo –one of the major bookstore chains in Canada. It seems to appeal to a broad age group, though I have to say that most people I see in transit reading it are probably 35+. I’m guessing my peers and teens probably prefer a more exciting gadget like a tablet or iPod for entertainment. Or maybe it’s cheaper for students to just borrow books from a library than have to pay for eBooks. Though eBooks can often be much more affordable than traditional paperbacks –not to mention hardcovers –the $100+ eReader price plus the book prices can add up in time, especially if you’re an avid reader.
Total = $13.30
Hello family and friends! We are still alive and doing well...incase you were worried.
This book is what it says it is.
This book goes towards the following reading challenges:
In absolute loving memory of Deacon Kade (4/30/2008 – 3/21/2011),
''From San Antonio to Seattle, Albany to Atlanta, law enforcement agencies are witnessing the resurgence of a dangerous anti-government movement that peaked with the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing. Last month, the Southern Poverty Law Center reported so-called "patriot" groups, including militias and sovereigns, skyrocketed from 149 in 2008 to 1,274 in 2011, the highest it has ever been. Texas topped the list with 76 groups, up from six in 2008. Mark Potok, who tracks extremist groups for the center, called the growth "astounding."
“She’s dead. She’s gone.”
Some tins are bigger/taller than others, so you might need to adjust the recipe accordingly. My tin is fairly large and could have done with a little more dough, so if yours is too, simply use 700g flour, 300g sugar and 300ml milk instead of the quantities mentioned above and you should be fine.
I can’t do anything real vigorous for the next week (such as working out, etc), so that’s kind of a bummer. I also can’t wear ANY make up for the next week. I’m not supposed to rub my eyes for a MONTH… which will be hard to remember, but I’m going to try. I think the first week is the most crucial though.
8. End Of The World Party
This week marks the 60th anniversary of the death of one of the 20th century’s most important spiritual figures. On March 7, 1952, Paramahansa Yogananda passed away in Los Angeles from an acute coronary occlusion, just after speaking at a banquet in honor of the Indian ambassador. In his last speech he said, “Somewhere between the two great civilizations of efficient America and spiritual India lies the answer for a model world civilization.” He worked tirelessly to achieve that dream, ever since 1920, when he arrived in America, and to the extent that an East-West synthesis has been realized, he deserves as much credit for it as anyone.
Further developments took place during the 1930's and after with the construction of an admissions hospital and convalescent villas to the south, extended Nurse's home to the west of the main building and the wartime emergency medical service huts close to the main gate, later Ryhope General hospital. The site became Cherry Knowle hospital on being incorporated into the National Health Service in 1948. Later developments under the NHS included a new boiler house and further staff accomodation within the groundsm.
Good Luck and Happy Travels!
Recommended fishing style: shoreline ambush, wading tight spots, close-in work on structure, from a boat. Good long range accuracy, especially when paired with a good ($60+) reel.
That’d make me grin.
All it would have taken would have been a few words. Perhaps not every person, but some. Maybe even only one. Then they might have been able to get home.
...as it is about the memories.
Johnny Cupcake didn’t even flinch.
They conversed for hours about their dilemmas
Except for the fact that we ran out of the spinach and feta filling before we ran out of pastry. And you can’t really store phyllo pastry until next time, it’ll just dry and crumble. So we improvised a sweet filling with ground nuts and almonds, brown sugar, raisins and spices. I’m not going to write it down for you; it needs some work. It was quite dry so we’re thinking of adding fruit or something… But it was very, very tasty!
1a) 3 X ME Bench Press @ 75% – rest 60 sec.
Ok I hear theres a new hype over this social networking site called Formspring. Its basically where you follow people, like Twitter, but you can ask them questions its pretty cool. So if you're reading the blog and want to sneakily ask me questions here is the link: http://www.formspring.me/TashRSmith
Dale Watson
The blog has been updating sporadically lately because the blogging client I usually use, Blogsy (basically the only worthwhile iOS blogging client I've seen), was broken first by Apple and iOS 5, second by Google and WebAUTH 2.0, which hangs if you try to upload more than three images within a limited time. I hadn't noticed how slow the Blogger web interface workflow was until I was forced to go back to it for a while. Blogsy still isn't completely fixed yet, but at least it's useable again.
Look at the opposite, for them not to be defined as "insurgents" (part of the "Indian problem") according to the mainstream media, they had to what? submit to slavery and imprisonment? give up everything to those who never earned it by their own work, blood, sweat, and tears? or just simply die off and disappear? Oh really?
I dont do it purposefully. I do it because that is just who I am. I have inspiration issues. I get writers block a lot. I also get life block, a.k.a. Laziness. Also I lack time between sleeping, pretending to study for my Mcat, actually studying for my Mcat, walking my dog, and eating decidedly vegetarian meals (dont worry meat-eaters, I love meat more than you.)
“It is not possible to immediately or simultaneously shut down, or decommission, all of the approximately 21,000 surplus facilities the Department manages due to the tremendous financial resources needed, health and safety measures involved, and the economic impact on surrounding communities.” (pg. 8).
We are riding through a landscape of small hills and wide valleys. The bigger hills all have some combination of a town or village, a castle, a church and one or more windmills. Every town is a bit of a grunt of effort to ride up to and there is always a small crowd of men sitting talking. We are unusual enough to bring a small village to a halt in wonder and what I hope is admiration but may just be bored curiosity.
the Governor knowing that the
so what elderly but continuously-beloved goodies are in your stash? and when was the last time you made something with them? why not take a nice long look at the inspiration picture, grab up some fun ingredients, and link up the results over at SOS this week? g'wannnnn... you know you wanna!!! ♥
transfer to my cassette copy which has alot more of them than this does.
Spring came early in NJ. For two weeks solid, it was 75 degrees out. For me, the weather presented a test of discipline. See, I just started a new job that allows me to work full time from home. As I sat in my home office with the window open, warm breeze blowing in, it was a true test to stay put and focus on training and work. But I did it!
For an athlete is enamour'd of me--and I of him;
will epiphasise
Not sure if any of you know this, but I work alongside my husband Mike. He's a graphic designer and he's the one who takes my artwork and turns it into something that someone can actually use. Also, he is a very talented artist himself. He sits silently in the wings allowing me to get all the credit. Mike inspired the filming and edited the video for me. An amazing jack' of all trades, Mike is not afraid to try something new.
How to develop private business share nationally and locally?
Now, this daily hawking routine I've fallen into is really getting a bit silly. It involves a mid-afternoon slump in which I become distracted from whatever I'm doing and find that scrolling through the Asos White Collection is the only way to alleviate my headfunk. Though this longing causes a conflict as it's tough to justify spending money on clothes at the moment when I'm not working and having to be realistic about the food vs clothes issue. I love Carrie Bradshaw of course but her whole 'sometimes I used to read Vogue instead of eating because I felt it fed me more' spiel really is nonsense as she clearly never fully appreciated the joys to be had of sitting around a table with friends and a huge steaming pot of minestrome/lamb stew/homemade curry or well, eating properly..
Gordon Biersch Czech Style Pilsner 7
Etape 5:
In real life when you or your friends go off the deep end on a bender to remember there are usually some pretty serious real life repercussions that have to be dealt with.
Which I’d like to think, simply by virtue of being down here in the South, we tend to at least handle some stuff with a little more care, sense and common decency than some other places maybe do sometimes. It shouldn’t be that way, no – everybody everywhere should have common decency – but still, we in the South do tend to do a little better than some at treating “acting decent” as sort of an unwritten law that pretty much just everybody knows. (Though obviously not everywhere in Knox County, huh…)
My older cousin, Tammy, was also in the same tree. She was hanging on the first big limb, about ten feet below me. Tammy’s mother also noticed us at the exact time my dad did. About that time a huge gust of wind came over the tree. I could hear the leaves start to rattle and the tree begin to sway. I remember my dad’s voice over the wind yell, “Bart, Hold on tightly.” So I did. The next thing I know, I heard Tammy screaming at the top of her lungs, laying flat on the ground. She had fallen out of the tree.
The fact is: Schools need funding, and kids fuss and don't always love being at new schools that still need $$ and teachers need help, and I need a new esophagus, and I have missed my old community more after my last visit.
But some have noted that the higher ‘interest rate’ is to compensate buyers for leaving repayment of the principal at the issuer’s discretion.
All of it was in my car.
When we got to his place he asked if I could help hunt down the chicken. He moved toward his neighbour's deck since the chicken was last seen heading that direction so I went to check out the coop.
In an ideal world, I would get an actor to access a portal in my brain and I would play myself looking through that portal, like John Malkovich in the movie based on him, or his head, as he remarked to John Cusack whilst smacking it repeatedly.
The Democrats raised the national minimum wage from $6.55 to $7.25. They claim that the additional earnings will help the economy. Just like their stimulus did (right?).
It's harder than you'd think, but it's also way more fun. When you only have a hundred words to play with, you have to think about each one very carefully.
The Lord was still covered in the adapted swords all over his body. Any fleshy race would be hurt to touch him. The point of his adornments, really, to be untouchable.
That being said I will say that designer Jacob Covey has done a sterling job in constructing a Barksian feel to all the elements he has assembled and the letter forms look really lovely, neatly complimented by the clean and unfussy color scheme. It's also worth pointing out that Fantagraphics will be including all of Bark's covers, which again gives this collection the edge over it's Gladstone predecessor in terms of completeness.
1. Red and While - sew a couple of rows together
I believe in planning to a certain extent, setting the events in motion to get you where you want to be. Some things, like an education, are long term and serve us for many years or even our entire life. Others are for the moment, or to get us through, like taking a dead-end job just to pay the bills. At this point in my life I feel I have made some right choices and some wrong ones along the way. But my present life is a result of my past choices and my future will be the result of my present choices. Alot of pressure really. Life takes alot of twists and turns and right now I am on a path with sharp bends and multiple forks. Will I choose right? Is there a wrong choice? Does it matter? It seems like things could go very differently depending on the decisions I make but in the end will it all turn out the same, or at least equally satisfactory? I am not going to worry about it. I will make the choices I feel are right at the time and have faith that everything will work out the way it is supposed to. Because if there is one thing I am certain of it is that the life I have lived has made me the person I am and I like me. No matter if I made mistakes, those mistakes have taught me lessons and made me strong. Its hard and sometimes painful to go through some of the things life throws at us but like they say ‘What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger’.
essential in avoiding any skin irritations or reactions. If a skin
Well, I guess you can figure out the rest of the story since I’m mentioning her in a post. :) She was absolutely a delight and enthusiastically shared her design inspirations and anecdotes with a generous fifteen minute chat. (If you’re an interior designer on a mission, you understand that’s like hours in regular time.)
2. Woman's Weekly HQ have sent a letter out to their regular contributors, pleading for more 1 and 2-page stories. 1-page stories should be 900-1000 words, and 2-pagers should be 1800-2000 words. Don't send odd length stories as they are harder to fit into the magazine. Longer stories are ok for the fiction specials.
Our campsite was made up of a small wooden dock, a flat clearing for our tents, and a run down looking port-a-potty. We quickly set up our tents, a large dome tent and a smaller tent to store our supplies, and enjoyed a let up in the rain that gave us clear clouds for the rest of the day. Away from everything, deep in the heart of the river, there was a remarkable silence and sense of serenity. The mosquitoes had died down to a minimum and sitting on the dock as the sky changed colors throughout the day was a welcome respite from the daily rush of civilization.
The grashopper image:
“Perhaps thirty. They have spears and bows, daggers and swords,” answered his cousin. “Yellow Clay Village is the smallest of the six villages. We produce grains and chickens in good years. The bandits threaten all our lives, and none of the men in the village are heroes. We need what help we can get, but we can not afford to offer much in return, I’m afraid,” concluded Hornmel stoically.
leaf punch in proportion to your flowrs
It’s situations like these that truly bring people of the “support the industry” party out of the woodwork. Do you support your favorite title and the decision of future licensed anime titles by picking up a release where you’re essentially paying $4.50+ per episode, or do you quietly twiddle your thumbs while holding on to your fansubbed episodes? Ultimately, it’s the choice of the consumer, and deciding to buy or not buy does have an impact on the future of how releases are dealt with. Support the industry by picking up a $50 11-episode set, but risk the industry believing that people think slapping down that much cash for an anime is acceptable… it’s a fine line.
Sincerely, Kender MacGowan
Here is a close up of the sentiment--which I love.
I hope someone out there can appreciate this. I’m really looking forward to learning something new, getting out in the sun, and making a complete fool of myself (especially at first). I think teaching ourselves new things really enriches life and makes life something worth living. So, I will keep you updated on my skateboarding skills as they progress-look out for the picture of my bloody elbows and knees!
NAMA’s 40% profit (GBP 7bn from an acquisition price of GBP 18m) in part demonstrates the strength of the central London commercial property market since mid-2009 when prices started to recover from a UK-wide collapse of more than 40% since the financial crisis broke in 2007.
With the help of World-wide-web technological know-how, people in Modern australia can get a cash advance readily online and get short term beforehand. cash advance Modern australia is increasing in popularity for many who dwell from paycheck to paycheck and cannot connect with their regular monthly price range because of surprising fiscal urgent matters. Together with the financial Loan it is possible to access little bit of cash from 0 to 00 and pay it off when you buy your wages.
I am quite fond of that one. When I was a student I lived for a time in a big house with loads of hippies and crusties and alternative types and this tale is partially inspired by the many incoherent fantasies I remember being expressed night after night after one too many happy cigarettes. I would like to add that, despite the tag line, along with Bill Clinton, although a variety of funny smelling burning things wrapped in paper were occasionally passed to me on such occasions I never once inhaled. I should also mention that (in my humble opinion) panel two of page two is the single best piece of comic art Andi ever produced. It inspired me so much I set all our other projects aside and in a frenzy of heated creativity wrote the script for a 64-page graphic novel of pastoral psychedelia entitled Mindflowers, which I hoped might be our magnum opus. Unfortunately this never came about and Andi went on to bigger and better things, but not before drawing one or two other things written by me, including this one, published in a small press magazine the name of which escapes me (probably Scenes from the Inside, but I really don’t remember. The cover featured a close-up image of an eye in green and blue.)
Didn’t think it could happen
96. “It’s not what happens to you it’s what you do about it that makes the difference.” – Wilson Mitchell.
Because there isn’t any in her team!
You know I had to go with pastels and glitter, I just can’t help myself! I have to do some touch ups today, but otherwise they are done. I learned my lesson with glitter paint… get the color you want and then get a glitter top coat… otherwise you have to do 10+ coats trying to get it dark enough to where the wood doesn’t show through. Live and Learn!!! I also finished up my custom order for dishcloths yesterday, which I didn’t think I was going to get done. It takes around 3-4 hours per cloth. I think they turned out great though. If you’re curious, here’s the finished product….
4. Marxism, Education And The State, examines the role of Marxists in Education, and asks what strategy workers can adopt to pursue class struggle in Education.
Ok...that will make no sense to you whatsoever if you've never seen the musical "State Fair." If you haven't, rent it. It's a classic! All about the Iowa State Fair...which is where we went on Friday! Hooray!
Munchlax is Snorlax’s baby form Pokemon. Like Snorlax, it likes to eat, a lot. Despite being a Gen IV Pokemon, it appeared in Pokemon XD Gale of Darkness, Mystery Dungeon (Red and Blue rescue team) and Pokémon Dash, which are Gen III games.
Our sons were paired up to spar together and I heard the sensei call out Jack's last name. Same as Andy's. I hadn't thought of him in forever, but my brain made the connection anyway. I asked, "Is there an Andrew in your family?"
Mayhall says: "We need to pray for quick sensitivity to the voice of the Holy Spirit. When he convicts us, we must confess our speech as sin. It is more than a goof, a slip of the tongue. It is sin that we must confess. We must also ask God's help to improve in this area."
Kenneth Branagh’s reassertion of his claim to a place in the movie mainstream after some notable failures to make good on his very great talent, Thor seems at once peculiar and perfect fare for one of British cinema’s most energetic yet frustrating directors. Peculiar, in that it’s a white bread comic-book adaptation, quite different to Branagh’s earlier multiplex tilt, the messy and frantically revisionist Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein (1994), but also perfect in that its essential themes and imagery carry with them a mythical weight and strength of conflict entirely apt for Branagh’s interests and talents. The result doesn’t quite pack Shakespearean force, as, like several of the recent Marvel Studios products, it tries to sustain at least one extra plot thread too many, causing the storyline to remain a bit diffuse. And yet Branagh manages to make the material coalesce into a visually grandiose and surprisingly compact fantasy adventure, quite superior in storytelling and investment of character to just about all of the recent superhero franchise entries. The difference is especially apparent in the scenes relating to Greg Coulson’s Agent Clark and the SHIELD digressions in
- In Alexandria, Minneapolis, USA, it is against the law for a man to make love to a woman with the smell of sardines on his breath.
For a few years, I have been able to get discounts in some places where the age for “seniors” was 55 and over but most places were waiting for the somewhat magical change of age 60, at least. There are still some places that require you to be 65 before you get any discounts and luckily I am not there yet. Today I visited an old English Palace. I noticed on the prices right away that I qualified for the senior discount. Heavens sakes. I am counted a senior in foreign countries now also. Well, I am older but I haven’t gotten any stupider. I’ll take that discount, thank you. Don’t really need it today but might tomorrow.
Tessa Gray leaves America to join her brother in England. When she arrives in England she is held captive by two women she knows as the Dark Sisters and she discovers that she has the ability to shapeshift into other people. Once Tessa seems to have mastered her new ability, the Dark Sisters tell Tessa that she is to marry a man known only as the Magister. Tessa attempts to escape and, with the aid of two young Shadowhunters, she is able to do so. It does not take long for them to realize that there is much more going on than they are aware of and that the Magister is behind it all.
-4 1/2c peach
'Neath the bluest of blue skies.
“My quarrel is with Bersih for insisting on a confrontation with the authorities. That to me is a non-starter. The issue is not where it is held but to voice out against unfair electoral practices, so does it matter where it is held? Don’t confuse the issue.”
I know that I am getting better at looking at the big picture and basing my willingness to change on that, rather than a knee jerk immediate rebuff and steadfast resistance... is it wisdom, is it an eagerness to stretch and gather in all the experiences this life has to offer, even if that means stepping out into the unknown?
Isn't that one awesome thumbnail image? I WILL EAT YOUR SOUL!!! I need a haircut.
The Commonwealth has extensive, unrealised potential to further regulate the Australian media, including the print media. The corporations power in particular provides a basis upon which to establish new regulation in this field. However, such regulation is subject to the limits of existing powers. In particular, the corporations power only extends to entities that are incorporated and operate as a financial, trading or foreign corporation. In the circumstances, it must be recognised that, although it has extensive power, the Commonwealth does not possess the legislative power to comprehensively regulate the media in Australia. The only means of achieving this would be via cooperation with the States.
Time to make the patties. Make 6-7 patties using about 1/2 cup of the bean mixture for each. At this point you can cover them with plastic wrap and keep in the fridge for up to 24 hours.
Favourite Flower: Old Fashioned Pink Roses, but they have to be fragrant. Lavender is my second favorite.
Lots of gesturing later, the person behind me let them in. I was furious! Stand strong, don't let these bad mannered drivers win. Every work day I go through this dance to get to my office. Every work day there are multiple people that believe their time is more important than mine. Every work day I mutter to myself that they are very lucky I don't own any type of gun because the tire shop down the street would be pretty busy.
For the month of May, Scriptshadow will be foregoing its traditional reviewing to instead review scripts from you, the readers of the site. To find out more about how the month lines up, go back and read the original post here. The first week, we allowed any writers to send in their script for review. Last week, we raised the bar and reviewed repped writers only. This week, we're doing something different. I read a lot of amateur scripts. Some through my notes service, some through contests, and some through referrals. I wanted to spend a week (or maybe two) highlighting some of the best scripts I've come across. All these scripts are available. So if you're a buyer and it sounds like something you may be interested in, then get a hold of these writers through the contact information on their script before someone else does. Monday, Roger reviewed a cool script from Michael Stark titled, "Treading On Angles." Tuesday, I reviewed our first female writer of Amateur Month, Lindsey, and her script, "Blue." Wednesday I reviewed the sci-fi thriller/procedural, "Nine Gold Souls." Yesterday, I reviewed another sci-fi piece, "The Translation." And today I review a teenage thriller.
-1 tbsp Earth Balance
Touring the cave was awe inspiring. Rack upon rack of colors and shapes are on display. I was impressed and fascinated by the bread-like textures of some of the molds that cover the surfaces of the cheeses. These molds are carefully cultivated to enhance the flavors of the final product.
March 3rd
Leapfrog is leaping into the holiday season with great deals on some of the best edu-fun toys books and games around! Forget the crowded malls - shop online for great savings on holiday gifts for kids!
Although Dempsey's chef Josh Distenfeld told Baltimore Magazine that beer will be brewed on the premises, representatives for Delaware North, the service franchisee for Camden Yards, have not responded to several inquiries regarding the specifics for constructing the brewery, hiring a brewmaster, and the like.
Please feel free to check them out and offer your feedback, because as a "newbie" to writing Poetry I appreciate any feedback or tips that you might offer.
This is the kind of place you can enjoy over and over or a must do at least once in your lifetime. For me, it was a one hour drive and a million years back in time kind of trip. You will not hear a car or plane 99% of the time. Only the sounds of running water and wilderness. This is where I am going to give you a wealth of information to make your trip more enjoyable.
And if you've got any gandering left in you, take one at Eric's page on Kickstarter -- he's already met his goal (yay!) but could probably stand to have a few extra dollars sitting around, and his incentives include hand-drawn postcards from the road(side) and personal hangouts during which he'll draw your portrait and eat your food. So if you're looking to toss less or more than 30 bucks at him and still get something nifty in return, that is a highly possible thing.
Beautiful chilli, nachos, rice, salsa meal for tea, yummy, before chilling out doing some blogging and geocache logging oh and The Sims.
It would probably work with a single pants hanger too!
Iván Meade – What do you consider to be your greatest strength and your greatest weakness?
Jordanian clerics expressed disappointment that Pope Benedict XVI in an address to Muslim leaders on Saturday failed to offer a new apology for remarks seen as targeting Islam.
And yes, we say 'Zed' instead of 'Zee'
White civic leaders and Y.M.C.A. officials in Evanston were “embarrassed” that black children had been, quite literally, left out in the cold, and ultimately opened the Emerson branch in 1914, said Dino Robinson, the head of Shorefront, an organization that chronicles the history of African-Americans in the northern suburbs of Chicago.
Another option is possible fines, the clubs would be fined a suitable amount considering their position in the Football pyramid (so they wouldn’t be fined as much as if the same thing had happened with Man United and Man City) and both clubs have alright financial standing for League Two clubs so a fine wouldn’t hit either drastically.
Occasion: A nice fall day in Ontario.
So there you have it, Microsoft doesn’t comment on rumors or speculations, but that, in no way indicates that in this instance the speculation isn’t accurate.
Read an excerpt:
I do believe, I do indeed-!
I praise you for the undeserving grace and mercy you pour into my life. I praise you for giving me the ability to be bold and courageous. I give you the glory for the song of my heart that sings to you. You give me strength. I praise you for the strength you have poured into those who have gone before me. I praise you that the limbs of my family tree are filled with David and Esther and Ruth and Abraham and Rahab.
I brewed 8 days ago and didn't post. I am happy to say that after cleaning my barley crusher per instructions from the barley crusher folks, my mill worked like new. I hit all my numbers and the brew day was nearly perfect.
South Africa’s maternal mortality ratio has more than quadrupled in the last decade, increasing from 150 to 625 deaths per 100,000 live births between 1998 and 2007, with HIV playing a role in many of the deaths. The United Nations estimates that 4,500 women die each year in South Africa due to preventable and treatable pregnancy-related causes. This is despite South Africa’s wealth, reasonably good health infrastructure, and strong legal and policy framework, which includes a constitutional guarantee of the right to health.
I thought this was a bootleg, comparing it to the official images,
the brain had not yet gone
and what i represent
and let you rain around feeding me
Matthew Buckingham
So if you are reading this post and I don't identify you, please know that it is merely a senior moment. You know one of those times when the world goes blank and all the thread seems to just jumble up and clog the gray matter we call our brain.
It isn’t only Viogniers from Virginia that I have enjoyed though, the other day I tried an example from Chile that was a delight:
and enjoy the complete freedom of thought that reading brings me.
In a world of celestial peace, Four Seasons offers 18 expansive suites and 42 absolutely private villas that epitomise the ultimate in style and comfort. All of the guest accommodations reflect their exotic surroundings, with rich teak wood furnishings and colourful hand-loomed fabrics. Generous bathrooms feature blue or green terrazzo tiles, black granite countertops, a double vanity with Italian fixtures, a deep soaking tub and a separate glass-enclosed shower. Guests who wish to remain connected with the outside world may take advantage of the multi-line telephones with voice mail and wired or wireless Internet access within every suite and villa.
Marshmallow root tea
I started jotting down the different activities we have going on this week, and after composing my list I can see why so little reading is getting done. There is a lot of running around to get people to soccer practices and games and softball practice. Add in gymnastics, piano lessons, a dental appointment for me, an early morning breakfast meeting for me along with an after school meeting, this week ahead is already making me tired.
CNN's Political Ticker headlines with "Group's new ad pegs Obama to Wall Street," which provides more details on the video ad shown above.
Dress: Chicabooti
Before we discuss this argument, it’s important to understand that by “fine-tuning” one does not mean “designed” (otherwise the argument would be obviously circular). Rather during the last forty years or so, scientists have discovered that the existence of intelligent life depends upon a complex and delicate balance of initial conditions given in the Big Bang itself. This is known as the fine-tuning of the universe.
The second group of mommybloggers are women who came to blogs as a way to find a community of like-minded people and develop more meaningful relationships than those found in a chat room or an online message board. The writing itself was perhaps secondary to the friendships--or maybe it became more important as time went on. For these women, mommyblogging is entirely the opposite of limiting. It's downright freeing. It's a portal to wonderful things, opening far more doors than it closes.
Two chairs, the recliner and the platform rocker are at rest against the back drop of a huge window now. That was wasted space for a long time till I finally had the treadmill removed to this room where I am now.
“A man’s work reveals him. In social intercourse he gives you the surface that he wishes the world to accept, and you can only gain a true knowledge of him by inferences from little actions, of which he is unconscious, and from fleeting expressions, which cross his face unknown to him. Sometimes people carry to such perfection the mask they have assumed that in due course they actually become the person they seem. But in his book or his picture the real man delivers himself defenceless. His pretentiousness will only expose his vacuity. The lathe painted to look like iron is seen to be but a lathe. No affectation of peculiarity can conceal a commonplace mind. To the acute observer no one can produce the most casual work without disclosing the innermost secrets of the soul.”
On December 6 2008, Censorbugbear-reports already wrote about the courageous Dr Anthony Turton, left, the country’s top water-research expert who then was still working at the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, CSIR. He was ‘suspended from his job’ a month earlier for trying to warn in a government report, which he would have read at an international clean-water conference, that ‘South Africa was facing very rapid socio-economic collapse due to the heavily polluted South African fresh-water resources.”
In the summer they offer a picnic lunch amongst the vines. It is a really special feeling to be drinking the wine that is growing all around you. It is a relaxed, informal dining experience (in a really good way). You order your drinks and then get a list of the foods available. You trick the boxes next to what you would like to order and then give it back to the very capable waiting staff. Sit back relax, enjoy your drink and the beautiful surroundings while your picnic is freshly prepared for you.
42. Kind
DLING. DLING. The phone rings in the other room.
Mare51089: no problemo
ABR also includes occasional reviews of novels for adults as well as books about writing and educational matters.
Al-Bayaty said the killings appear to have been carried out by extremist Shia militias in mostly poor Shia neighborhoods and said she suspected ‘there’s complicity of the Ministry of Interior in the killings.’
I am really going to try and get back into my blogging groove! And just because I may not be posting much I am still out here and keeping up with all of your blogs. You’re my blog buddies and I heart you lots and lots!
became her disembodied truth,
Some libraries are thriving: they have cafés attached and arrange all sorts of events. Sometimes, however, this can be to the detriment of one of the library’s traditional roles: that of providing a quiet space for reading. That is where I think my university library has it right. There are there types of zone: one geared for group work where open chatting is acceptable, another where some noise is tolerated and a third where absolute silence must be observed.
I don't know about some of you, but I'm getting a bit restless/bored with the layout of my room. It may be time for a little refresher. I have been SO good about not going into school on the weekends this year, but I think it might be time (I used to have a small problemo with compulsively going into my classroom every Sunday morning/afternoon).
3) Speaking of youth, was Laura Dern seriously THIRTEEN when she made this movie?
The community where I live has an event the first Friday of each month called “First Fridays.” Businesses along one of the main traffic corridors stay open late, local musicians provide entertainment, and local artist exhibit their works in what used to be an old furniture store. It's quite fun (and mostly free).
or maybe you don't do that.
You are getting sleepy...sleeeepy....
One sock, two sock, black sock, blue sock. Whatevs, man.
It is hard to imagine that a conflict so bloody could have happened on such beautiful ground. The feelings of death, pain, anger, sadness and loneliness still lingers in this place.
That’s Nunzio Coppa (left) and Phil Chamberlain displaying their handiwork in Pickering. It took them just over four minutes to crack open the 40-kilogram wheels.
Audio: English 5.1 Dolby Digital, Spanish 2.0 Dolby Surround,
Love Elsie – Noel – Rub-Ons
Your love and grace have overwhelmed me
Their roast goose was amazing, the meat was juicy and marinated just right with a hint of sesame oil which I think they drizzled onto the duck just before serving. Although the sesame was detectable it was in now way overpowering, only adding to the goose making it every so memorable. Besides their roast goose, they also make their own century old eggs served with pickled ginger. The egg was made very well! Not a hint of ammonia, very mild creamy yolk with a transparent chewy 'white'. Yum!
The woman who saw this tried to alert the municipality on Monday to get it to investigate the alleged abuse of council property.
Stamp: Teeny Tiny Wishes
about the weather, the cost of…
I hope you all had a wonderful holiday weekend. The "fam" and I were away last week enjoying all of the sunshine on the Central California coast, and I have lots to share! We stayed in Morro Bay, toured California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, with teen daughter, did a bit of kayaking in Morro Bay, hiked out to Spooner's Cove to fly kites and check out the dramatic seascape, hung out in downtown SLO shopping and enjoyed the legend Farmer's Market, spent a day in Avila Beach and enjoyed a reggae band at their Farmer's Market, and spent a gloriously gorgeous day at Hearst Castle.
Now I’m thinking the school is really wanting to get this check to go through because I have never seen 4 times for a check to be tried. Now mind you every time I receive an NSF fee it is $36! I am now $144 in the hole because I was basically at $0 when all this started (from X-mas shopping).
So I filled the sink up with warm water and let it sit, with warm water running on it. There I sat on a stool staring at a frozen turkey freaking out trying to figure out what to do.
mmmmm..... i wonder what she has planned for us all.......
It always happened or became worse when I was going through a stressful situation. Six months before I left Yorkshire I had a sore throat, didn’t think anything about it. I just thought I was fighting a bad cold, four weeks later I broke out, in what looked like Chicken Pox, but I’d had Chicken Pox, so off I went to the docs asking for ointment again for my elbows and knees and something for the rash that had developed. I was told it was Scabies… Huh?
Ours is loosely based on the Samuel Smith Winter Welcome Ale. Big malt and low hopping. Big alcohol yet restrained alcoholic warmth. This year, 40 pounds of Italian Plum was added during the boil which added fermentable sugar and carried some flavor through, perceived as citrus sweetness.
Foreign scholars like Sun Xu at NUS and other Singapore universities have their tuition fees and living expenses all covered by their scholarships. They are also guaranteed a well-paying job upon graduation as part of their bond and the men are exempted from National Service unlike male Singapore citizens who are burdened with a hefty tuition loan and rendered uncompetitive in the job market by their mandatory reservist obligations such as IPPT and in-camp training.
The words of our Lord speak as loudly to us today as they did to Abraham. “Is anything too difficult for the Lord?” (Genesis 18:14a).
President Reagan has always been my husband’s hero. As a young teen, Dave volunteered in Illinois for Reagan’s Presidential Campaign. In honor of his hero, Dave and I named our oldest daughter, Melissa Reagan McSweeney. When Melissa was two months old, Dave and I flew from New York to California to briefly meet with former President Reagan for a photo opportunity. As a new mom, I was nervous about the long trip and about meeting a U.S. President. However, President Reagan immediately put me at ease with his gracious demeanor. He apologized for not being in a suit to greet us, but he was scheduled for a round of golf.
Gives me strength when I am weak,
had the prettiest eyes and a great smile she ever saw. As she passed
You May Have Missed
"Any news then Betty? Have I missed anything lately?"
It is the change in emphasis, and the tacit government approval of the change, that will do the most damage. The overwhelming tone of the deregulation is that health and safety assessment has been getting in the way of business when there is in fact no evidence that this is the case.
Is this new to most of us? The exact statistics were to me but not the concepts. Are you doing your part to stem the destruction of the only home we have? I ask myself: should I give up eating bananas and pineapple? Give up my cell phone? Quit driving as much as I do?
Climaco Sarmiento - Bombo y Maracas:
Snowsuit today, Snowsuit today
2. Behavior
When we have decisions that are difficult to make, we remember them.
Sandwiches (cream cheese and raspberry jam, cream cheese and cucumber, and cheese), cupcakes, Macaroons (I hear macaroons are new cupcakes), Meringue cookies, Strawberry Pocky, Chocolate Covered Strawberries, Cake Balls, fruits, wafers, frosted animal cookies, Strawberry Oreos and mini jelly cups.
1 gloss
ORDER NOW!
Granted, Saddam wasn’t exactly a sweetheart, and he managed to kill about 1 million of his own people in the span of 24 years. Yet was there no way of removing him from power – or having him removed – that didn’t entail horrifying casualties, the complete disruption of life in Baghdad, and the looting of a Museum which contained some of mankind’s most precious artifacts?
A pen
We each had a pan, three pans in all. And three cream cans started chopping with hands large and small.
Above her, he sat in a lawn chair sipping beer listening to her flay around through a metal pipe he had sunk into the ground. It had the added benefit of keeping her from suffocating. He had plucked her off the street by posing as a cop. It was easy to purchase a uniform from the net. He simply walked up to her and said, “excuse me miss is that your vehical parked over there?” When she turned to look he pressed the palm syringe he had been concealing into her arm. Then he waited for her to quite literally fall into his arms.
b) number: 5667
To which I said…”Yeah on the ears but I liked his little bald head.” And we kind of laughed. Kind of.
Pardon my non-surprise.
“Wickedly amusing, sometimes outrageous and enchantingly amoral…Like good wine, very addictive. Strongly recommended.” Good Book Guide
He describes so beautifully the process of making a kheer (rice pudding). He starts off by talking about kaccha and pucca foods. Literally, kaccha foods mean food that has been imperfectly cooked and pucca (pukka) means the opposite (for those Jamie Oliver fans out there you’ll notice that he uses this word to express something that he’s cooked that has come out well or tastes great!), but according to Dr Achaya the ritual usage goes beyond this. Both are, of course, fully cooked in the modern sense of cooking. Please join me in reading an excerpt from his book and relish the slow style, the detail and knowledge:
Amid the "shock" felt and expressed by journalists yesterday at the resignation of Greens leader Bob Brown, there was some distasteful raillery from the Right about his replacement by deputy leader Christine Milne (“When it comes to charisma, Christine Milne must have been ill the day they handed it out," appeared in one News Limited vehicle). But it was only shocking because it was a slow Friday, and nothing else of importance was happening in Australian politics, what with COAG rumbling along like a beanbag that is filled with massive lead pumpkins rolling down a hill. As for the childishness of the name-callers, it's enough to point out that Bob Brown has seen off quite a few similar attacks in his time in politics. But at least there was no need to second-guess Brown's motives for leaving the top job in the Green Party. It's refreshing.
Recently my sister stripped the "little boy" wallpaper and painted my office a lovely, grown-up shade of mink. A new chair replaced the pink and blue ones I had in my office, but they both found a happy home in our family room downstairs.
There is, of course, one major, overriding problem with this scenario: the zombie horde would almost certainly not develop. Some of the reasons why are already inherent in the flaws of the previous premises. Since zombies would have trouble transmitting the disease efficiently, you really wouldn’t get that many zombies. You’d get them, sure, but in the dozens or possibly scores; almost certainly not in the hundreds or thousands. Those dozens or scores would probably develop in closed quarters where there is a lot of distraction keeping people from noticing the rabid zombie attacks. In particular, I’m thinking nightclubs and bars, wherein the music is loud, the lighting is dim, and the patrons are drunk. Still, there *are* bouncers in such places (usually), and it’s pretty likely any drunk person bitten by a drooling lunatic would *still* wind up at the hospital, but you never know–people are stupid.
Meltwater and the PRCA continue to advocate for a modern copyright law for the UK. Notwithstanding the Tribunal's decision, Meltwater and the PRCA are appealing aspects of the Court of Appeal's decision on web browsing to the UK Supreme Court scheduled for February 2013. Also encouraging are several recent decisions of the European Union Court of Justice that are consistent with Meltwater and the PRCA’s position. In addition to attention from the judiciary, Vince Cable, UK Business Secretary, recommended in August that the UK government should change these out-of-date copyright laws based on the recommendations of the Hargreaves Report: Digital Opportunity – A Review of Intellectual Property and Growth. The UK Intellectual Property Office estimated that changes to the law will bring £7.9 billion to the UK economy. With copyright rules that are friendly to both publishers and businesses, the UK economy will create a new layer of services that help publishers make more money and increase UK tax revenues. ...
Bois Des Iles held all the outdoor glory of nature withheld from me indoor.
While I was getting a shower yesterday my daughter Rachel decided to play with my phone. One of her sisters tattled on her while I was blow drying my hair, and I was eager to just finish the process so I just said it was ok. Later on though I discovered that Rachel herself loves the iphone camera a little bit. She had take over 40 pictures, mainly of herself in about a 5 minute time span. Oh yes, she likes the camera.
for those of you who didn't win,
Social Principles
1. Shoe Shine Boy
I have to say, it wasn't very satisfying. Not like, say, shouting it while holding a sledgehammer would have been. But a no nonetheless.
